<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,11/25/2014,389,548,4,6,7>Bubu is the pinnacle of fast casual for me!  It's still new enough that not a lot of people know about it but busy enough to be bustling.  If you get there after 11:30 there can be a line but food comes out FAST.This is the place for you if:- You're on some kind of clean eating/paleo/gluten free/whatever diet.  I am not but I also try to not eat too many "useless" carbs (I like to save the bread for things that are awesome like pizza and delicious pastries, not overly bready, boring sandwiches).- You LOVE thoughtful, chef-created combinations that take different textures and tastes into account BUT- You also like some level of customization- You like fresh, interesting ingredients- You like to pay less than $10 for lunchThe premise is you pick your set of toppings (which as I mention above, are thoughtful, interesting combos), you pick your base (brown or white rice, salad mix, or rice noodles), and pick your protein.  Your chosen protein is where total price comes into play and prices range from $7 (chicken) to $12 (raw tuna).  So far, I have only gone for the raw salmon ($8).  They also have shrimp and steak.  I would love to see a true vegetarian option in there (tofu? tempeh?) but I've been pleased with the quality of the salmon so far.I've had three different bowls so far and all have been delicious.  I plan to try all of the bowls before I make a repeat.  The Hawaii Five-o (hearts of palm, edamame, bubu/toasted rice balls, shiitake mushrooms, raw fennel, and soy onion dressing and I also added avocado) is great with rice noodles.  Most recently I tried the Paleo (green beans, bell pepper, avocado, almonds, dried apricots, and carrot mustard dressing) over Bubu salad mix.  I thought salad mix would mean "field greens" but it was actually a crunchy, interesting mix of different baby kales and cabbages and maybe some greens I've never even seen before.  The dressing on this one has been my favorite thus far.  The mustard they use is spicy and you get a sinusy burn with the more dressing heavy bites.  The OG Colorado (roasted carrots, quinoa, green chile, avocado, pumpkin seeds) was not my very favorite (I went for noodles and should have gotten salad mix) but the roasted carrots were awesome.  Tempeh as a protein would've also been better with the OG (hint, hint).On top of this, they have free cucumber water!  The one thing that keeps me from not going here every day is that it's a bit further from my office.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,11/24/2014,403,86,5,21,11>Let me set the record straight...After driving by and seeing a packed patio day and night, we thought we would brave it despite the awful reviews. The very caring and thoughtful owner/manager has listened to the feedback and negative reviews. He has worked to refine the service, get food paced correctly, and is providing one of the best patio dining environments in all of Denver! Here's what you need to know--1) Very dog and kid friendly patio. Make sure your lil ones are friendly...2) Bottomless Mimosas & Bloodys $10 3) Sat and Sun Brunch until 4pm4) Bring your friends and have a good time! The mimosas are served in wine glasses and the juices are totally legit. Drink away! The Bloodys come full of vodka and the line up of mix-ins is top notch. I enjoyed several and can't wait for another session. We got seated on the nearly packed patio and received prompt and friendly service from Sarah. She was great. Around when we needed her, made excellent suggestions, and left us to ourselves to enjoy our afternoon libations. Any restaurant that delivers pink Himalayan sea salt on request is tops in my book. Next gluten free bread options are available so that's another score! Let's be honest here, there won't be any James Beard awards handed out, however the food was perfectly flavored, served hot, the portions were more than adequate, and the menu has plenty of variety. We enjoyed a bacon trio hash that was yumm-delish. Seriously indulge and be glad you did. And had the sausage omelette, which was loaded with good stuff and tasted great. Not to mention a super value and priced right for nearly any budget. This is the kind of place you go to hang out, drink, socialize, and spend time with your friends. The food is good and will go well with your drinks. There's plenty of beer on tap and all the top shelf mixers you could want. I would have to say this could be one of the very best patios in town! If you go and your experience isn't as good as mine, just let the manager know, I am sure any issues will be handled with grace and gratitude. I am big fan and am sure as time goes on The District will continue to improve and thrive!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,11/23/2014,71,455,4,12,6>This clinic sells both recreational and medical marijuana.  The MM items for sale outnumber the recreational by about 3:1 and the prices on their website are for MM patients so expect to pay about 80% more for recreational.  Example: a 100 mg package of edibles is listed at $11 online but will cost you $20 if you don't have a MM card.The staff is very friendly and they want you to get what you need and want, not what they personally prefer.  I was in and out (waited maybe one minute in the lobby) in 8 minutes, which was great.  They will allow you to pay with a debit card and treat it like a cash withdrawal at the grocery store.  They round your total up to the nearest ten dollars, charge your debit, then give you cash as change for the difference,  Except there is a $2 fee (like and ATM).  I suggest you use cash.Overall for one 80mg and one 100mg package of edibles it cost me $48, so that is high when compared to the competition. When I break it down per serving (I'm good to go with a 20 mg serving) it comes to $5 per experience so it's not that bad considering that will buy you one beer at any sports bar.   I didn't buy any bud so I can't comment on those price points.The parking lot can hold about 5 cars so all other parking is on the street.  The lobby is clean but small and has about 12 chairs.  Friendly and accommodating staff and it's in an up and coming neighborhood.  Prices are just too high for me to frequent.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,11/22/2014,102,242,4,8,7>Great Peruvian Restaurant in a great location in Cherry Creek! Wonderful and relaxing decor--very airy and cozy and two wonderful patios.Katy, our server, was so bubbly and peppy, friendly, professional and provided great service. She really made us enjoy our lunch experience even more!We had a Living Social Voucher for lunch for two (shared appetizer with two entrees of our choice).Started off with two complimentary cocktails (offered by Chef Pepito). I chose a Caipirinha (cachaca / hibiscus simple syrup/peach/oranges/limes) and Calina a Marion Martini (organic cucumber vodka/dry vermouth/ground pepper with cucumber slice). Both were very good.We then ordered the Ceviche Clasico (fresh Mahi Mahi marinated in freshly squeezed lime juice, cilantro, red onions, red aji pepper, served with sweet and white potatoes) as our shared appetizer which was so flavorful that we kept smiling the whole time we were eating. YUM-YUM-YUM!!! We finished, but the sauce was so good we asked Katy it would have been wonderful if we had some bread to soak it all up. Without any hesitation, she brought us some freshly grilled bread that was so yummy as we soaked up all the tasty sauce. :-)I then ordered the Frijoles con Seco (Filet mignon, slow-cooked in a mix of aji amarillo and cilantro sauce, onions and spices, served with Peruvian canario beans, rice, yucca, and salsa criolla) and paired it with a Peruvian beer, Cristal. Since it was the last bottle they had, Katy graciously offered it at no cost!Calina ordered the Lomo Saltado (Wok-sauteed filet mignon, tomatoes, onions, aji amarillo, seasoned with a blend of spices, served with house-made fries, rice and chimichurri sauce) paired with a Gravity Brewing Ebb & Flow beer.EVERYTHING WAS FREAKINGLY DELICIOUS!! The portions were huge and again, everything was so tasty and well prepared it was a joy to eat.We ended this wonderful lunch with the mango mousse which definitely was a great way to end lunch. Very flavorful and not too sweet.They have takeout pickup with a 10 minute free pickup parking spot. Also online ordering. Plenty of street parking. You can make reservations by calling the restaurant or going to OpenTable. They are also a FiveStars member and have free WiFi.Definitely will be coming back with or without a voucher! :-)
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,11/21/2014,217,97,6,10,15>A diamond in the rough.An oasis in a desert of... unsavory?A tuna in a sea of minnows.A rose amongst  dandelions.A... aww forget it.This place is pretty cool.   On Broadway, on the south side of 25, in a particular area that has had a hard time keeping cool businesses, we are starting to see a few go up that may bring the neighborhood to a new level (black crown, dive inn, maria empanada, etc.).This is no exception.   They have a featured artist whose artwork they hang throughout the establishment.   The jerk I am walked in, ordered a beverage and took a walk to observe the artwork, without any regard for the kind service staff awaiting my return.   The pieces upstairs were rather interesting and actually good.   I was told that this was modeled after a bar in Paris, who would similarly feature artists alongside their extensive wine selection.Outside, they have a mural which is updated monthly by a featured artist.   It is not covered, so it must withstand whatever mother nature throws at it.   The patio around it is quite nice, though... this is where we sat for brunch.The service staff was attentive and informative.   The food was great.   I had a quiche which featured a buttery, flaky crust.  I also tasted one of their stuffed crepes, which was a bit too sweet for my tastes, but delicious nonetheless.   I have to say, the atmosphere is cool, the happy hour looks fantastic, and the art-based approach is pretty cool.   I hope this place is here for a while!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,11/20/2014,809,1185,5,14,12>Saigon Bowl offers hundreds of distinctive dishes to choose from and ironically I choose the same noodle dish time and time again with no variation whatsoever.  I find this to be true for a lot of people who enjoy Vietnamese and Pho establishments.  We pretend to look at the menu and talk about choices and specials and when it comes time to order we choose the same dish we always do.  We like to think we'll choose differently if we flip through the menu and talk about all the various options but on the inside we want the same comforting dish we have loved from the first time we ordered it long ago.At Saigon Bowl, the dish I love is the Bun Dac Biet ($8.49), Combo Noodle Bowl with butterflied grilled shrimp, marinated pork, grilled chicken & egg rolls. The pickled daikon and carrots add a nice hint of vinegar and the minced peanuts add a crunchy texture to the entire dish.  I could easily have this dish once a week.  Some of the best Vietnamese food in Denver can be found on Federal Blvd. and Saigon Bowl is one of my go to places.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,11/19/2014,27,137,5,7,7>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! First, the service is by far the best I have gotten at any Aurora restaurant. They treat you like you're all regulars. Their warm demeanor always makes me feel welcome. I order to go from here on a weekly basis. I love that they occasionally throw in their hot and sour soup or dessert for free. Lets talk hot and sour soup. This place has the BEST hot and sour soup! mmmmm. Actually, I have yet to try any of their menu items that I don't like. This is my go to place for Pho. I live in Aurora, there's plenty of places to get pho, but this place has really tasty broth that makes the pho that much better than the other places. Sesame Tofu is another delicious choice as well. Don't let the location drive you away. It's in an odd location that is easily missed. Another yelper mentioned the old booths but none of that is important considering they have the two most important things that makes a successful restaurant: great service and great food.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,11/18/2014,285,768,4,6,6>I really enjoy breakfast here. I love the bright, open atmosphere. Even sitting at the bar is a nice experience. The staff is consistent. They are all very attentive. The menu has a nice variety of sweet and savory. I tend to be a more savory type so I lean towards egg dishes and the grits of the day. If I'm feeling sassy The Universal never disappoints. It is a huge meal and fills me up for the day. I love the biscuit and gravy versus the pancake. The gravy is thick and spicy. The biscuit has great texture. I tried the wild boar scramble the other day. I wasn' t  sure what to expect, but it wasn't pieces of sausage. I did enjoy the dish. It is very rich so be prepared. I had to go with cheddar because they ran out of smoked Gouda. I imagine the Gouda might have balanced out the dish a little better. There is a sweet dish I've had my eye on, it's the custard french toast. I heard a server describing it to a table near us. It sounds decadent. Fresh baked bread soaked in custard overnight the baked, she said it takes 20 minutes. Next time, it's mine! With a side of bacon no doubt!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/17/2014,19,78,6,8,6>Attention, Boulderites!!!  Lunch (and Breakfast) Alert!!  At last, another lunch option for those of us who work in the 'sticks (otherwise known as East Boulder).  Naked Lunch has only been open for a few days, but I suspect it won't be long before the lines are long and the tables crowded.My husband and I have been anticipating this opening for some time, looking longingly at the covered windows and locked door every time we dined at Basta.  Finally....gratification!While I have only tried the Bahn Mi sandwich, I can say without reservation that this is one of the tastiest sandwiches I have had...ever!  The ciabatta bread was light and airy without the unfortunate chewiness that is so often associated with ciabatta.  The combination of the well-spiced slow cooked pork with the subtly pickled veggies and spicy sriracha mayo made our eyeballs pop and our taste buds sing.  Can't wait to try everything on the menu!I also appreciate that Naked Lunch isn't just about lunch -- they have a nice, compact breakfast menu (a little over $4 for a breakfast sandwich?  Sold!) and what looks like a full coffee bar.  Lots of tasty bakery treats, too.  I spied a bag of "Muffin Mishaps" which the owner graciously offered up to us.  If this is her idea of a mishap....can't wait to try her idea of perfection!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,11/16/2014,60,104,2,6,7>This place is cool! I only ordered drinks, I can't wait to come back and try the food!I had a mai tai, which was good but the level of citrus was so high it upset my stomach. I switched to an agave wheat which was on draft, yay! I also had a cool looking frozen drink with a real flower in it, not sure what it was, but saw someone else drinking it and got jealous. I love the atmosphere! I can't wait to come back and try more things.Happy hour prices are beyond reasonable, making it easy to overdo, good thing I live walking distance!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/15/2014,66,377,4,9,8>Odyssey exceeded so many of my expectations. There doesn't seem to be much italian in Denver, so I was so excited to order my carbonara. But then! Out come complimentary caesar salads. What?! Thank you! The entrees were delicious. And just when I swore I couldn't have another bite, out comes complimentary canolis! What?!?! Jeesh guys, y'all set the bar high. Honestly though, I live just a few blocks away and I already can't wait to come back. Not to mention my leftovers fed me for two more meals!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2014,11/14/2014,137,262,9,13,11>Holy crap this place is good!We ordered: the peppers 5 waysgreen chili cheese friesHH tacospulled pork and slaw goatjerk chickenshort ribsmac n cheesebraised greensBrussels sproutsjalapeno corn breadbutterscotch puddingcarrot cakeEverything was delicious, but our favorite apps were the fries and the peppers. Our favorite protein was a tie between the pork and the short ribs. I actually tipped the bowl and drank the rib sauce. I'm classy like that. The port is definitely lighter, if that makes a difference. Our favorite side was the braised greens, but they were all delicious. The cornbread had that lovely crust and was perfectly moist. Dessert was a tie. It depends on whether you want something creamy and smooth, or cake. The goat cheese cream cheese adds a twist. If you don't like goat cheese this is not the dessert for you. The staff was awesome and so were the beverages. I always love a good limoncello. There is parking behind the building and in a lot next door. Call the restaurant for details, since parking can be a bitch in that neighborhood.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/13/2014,156,255,1,7,7>I've been back here a couple of times now, and I'm definitely a fan.In addition to an awesome tapping event and a super cool Yelp event, I recently went for a crafty ladies event (craft beer, not knitting). It was a blast learning about all the experimenting they are doing with sours and hops. I went on another tour at this event, and learned a few new things, which is really rare on brewery tours. These guy are always changing and trying new things, which I love. Also, they have so many fun events--pairings, tappings, and more that involve the local community. Keep up the great work Epic!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/12/2014,307,575,11,7,5>I am a sucker for a good vermicelli bowl, and have been systematically attempting to try every Pho restaurant that has a decent combo bowl on their menu.  Here's how Pho Ok stacked up:Actually, they should change their name to Pho Really Darn Good (or perhaps Pho Ok, Yay! I'm a Fan).  The pricing comes in on par with the other affordable venues I have found, but there are few differentiators:1. Their dish is served hot, not spicy hot, but temperature-wise hot, which is fine.  And not like hot hot, just warmer that not hot.  Does that make sense?  Not really.  2. The eggrolls in their dish are very nicely done - good and crispy, but somehow very light (not greasy at all...).3. The staff always says the same thing when I leave, "See you tomorrow!", which is funny because I have only been there a handful of times, and each visit was weeks apart.  That is changing quickly.All in all, a nice spot, very friendly, and it seems to be clean and well run.  I do wonder about the assortment of 'stuff' on the floor at the front enterance.  It's like someone stole a table that was supposed to be there.  Odd.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,11/11/2014,69,269,1,10,4>Unlike everywhere else I've been to for Mexican on Federal, Chili Verde has what I'd consider "upscale" Mexican.  They serve delicious, modern takes on Mexican cusine, and It's definitely not the fast casual that litters Federal elsewhere.  I hope some of you Yelpers find it so that they survive.  The price is reasonable, even excellent, for the quality that you receive.We tried a few different cocktails as well as entrees. Drinks are interesting; I tried the "tepache" which is basically fermented pineapple rinds + tequila.  I realize my description doesn't sell it, but that's the point....you should try it, because it's definitely unique.The downside to entrees is that many contain walnuts, which my fiancee is unfortunately allergic to...if you have a tree nut allergy, obviously be careful here.  I haven't found anywhere else in the area that serves this type of cuisine.  If you're looking for something outside of the Federal ordinary, swing through Chili Verde.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,11/10/2014,188,261,5,7,6>This iteration of 'club 404' is just as good as you would expect.A delightful dive with a large patio, a weird vibe and lots of local goodness. They have a variety of tasty brews available and some interesting events on their schedule. There was a foosball game being projected when we stopped by on a Thursday, so that was neat. Don't go expecting anything fancy and I don't recommend trying to eat there, but if you are looking for a good dive experience to begin or finish a Broadway pub crawl, this is the spot for you!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,11/9/2014,160,122,2,8,8>On my first trip the new Union Station I wasn't planning on dinner but was intrigued by Stoic & Genuine (S&G). After some great beers at the Thirsty Lion (I tired a flight of 6 from their 52!) my girlfriend and I were hungry for dinner and Stoic & Genuine looked like a great choice for quality seafood.Heading in on the later side (9:30pm) our waiter did not seem annoyed or ready to head home. He offered suggestions on drinks and I chose the The Eleanor Zissou made with Bulliet Rye, Benidictine, house made ginger syrup and Colorado peach granita. This was a great suggestion as I could clearly taste the bourbon and the other flavors mixed very well for a evenly rounded cocktail.S&G  has several granitas (shaved & flavored ice) to choose from. My girlfriend had the One Foot Off the Merry-Go-Roundwith Mell vodka, blackberry, basil syrup & lemon juice. She didn't add a granita and liked the drink but found it a bit sweet for her taste. Wanting to try a little of several things we started with raw oysters: the stoic (Long Island Sound, NY) Kaipara (Kaipara Harbour, New Zealand) and one from Washington. My favorite was the stoic but my girlfriend preferred the Kaipara. The oysters came on ice with sides of fresh horseradish, cocktail sauce, mignonette and wedges of lemon. All were good. We then tried the Hawaiian Tataki, which comes with coriander-seared Kajiki, Rocky Ford melon & chimichurri sauce. The plate came with four pieces of fish, melon and dabs of the sauce. They all worked excellently together. We also tried the flash Seared Georges Bank Scallop in a champagne basil consomme with Palisade peaches. I love the use of Colorado peaches and they helped offset the salty flavor of the scallops, which I believe were crusted in something. The chef surprised us with an order of fried clams with aioli sauce. The batter was crispy but not heavy and the sauce a good complement to the clams. For our main course we shared the Bacon Wrapped Halibut "Chowder" with Bang's Island mussels, surf clams, Colorado corn, shiitake mushrooms and Yukon Gold potatoes. The kitchen split the dish without us asking (major points for this!). It was a good portion even split It is not a cheap restaurant but it was well worth it. The only downside I can see about S&G is that the restrooms are shared with all Union Station restaurants, stores and travelers. I'll definitely come back.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/8/2014,18,76,5,6,6>This place is killer! The owner is so nice and clearly very excited about BBQ. Seriously, his eyes lit up when he told us about the different meats, so cute and nice to see someone so passionate! Everyone we interacted with was super friendly, including the young kid busing tables (I don't even know where they found a friendly, polite teenager... ;) ) I had the chopped brisket sandwich, which had huge chunks of delicious meat on a crispy, wonderful baguette. No flimsy white hamburger buns here! My husband had the baby back ribs, and they were ridiculous. I usually avoid ribs because they are a pain to eat (yes, I am THAT lazy... I don't like my food to fight back.) But ribs this delicious called for throwing caution to the wind and going full caveman. There were also sauces galore: sweet, spicy, vinegary, and every combination of those flavors imaginable. I would be remiss to not mention the sides, which were also completely delicious, I do have to say that the jalapeño coleslaw was way to spicy/vinegary for my palette. However, the mac and cheese and potato salad were both incredible. And the corn bread pretty much deserves a whole different review to itself. In short, eat here. I can't wait to go back. Oh, and to top it off, he gave us free brownies. Someone give this man an award.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,11/7/2014,154,252,8,9,10>No matter what Thai restaurant I go to, I usually order my food hot (not Thai hot, but just regular hot).  And without fail the order taker will ask me, "Have you ordered hot before?"  As if to taunt me and say that I can't handle the hot.  Sorry I'm not sorry, but I like spicy food.  Now give me my hot food, a pitcher of water, and a box of Kleenex to wipe my dripping nose and watery eyes.  Thank you, and be on your way now.This place is pretty hopping on a weekday night, and always on the weekends, which is a good sign.  The service is always friendly, and they serve water out of metal mugs (much like what you would drink a ginger beer from).  I like that little touch.The drunken noodles are pretty tasty, and the green curry is delicious.  Both get my sinuses in a tizzy, but in a good way.  I like feeling that little tingle in the back of my throat, and I can taste all of the ingredients in whatever dish I am eating.Cheap and tasty Thai food, with decent portions.  A must try.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,11/6/2014,267,467,4,11,6>OK - when I'm wrong I'm wrong.  Bastien's blew me away (for the most part) tonight.  Snagged a $20 for $40 Groupon - best decision I've made lately.  We had a really delicious steak dinner for $50 plus tip.  Such a deal!They have freshened the place up pretty nicely.  Carpet absorbs enough noise that you can actually have  a conversation and they were pretty busy tonight.  Feels much cleaner and fresher than the last time I was there.  Staff was friendly and welcoming.We both had big steaks with upgraded salads - $40ish.  Me, the bone-in rib eye -fantastic!  Tender, perfectly cooked.  Terrific wedge salad with an excellent housemade blue cheese.  Even the twice baked potato was really yummy.  He, the big NY strip, pear and Gorgonzola salad which he didn't care for (mostly frisée), and a plain baker.  Shared a piece of their awesome coconut banana cream pie for dessert.Just a couple of tiny quibbles.  The new wooden chairs are severe butt torture.  The bread is clearly commercial brown and serve.  Our very nice waitress was not really on top of things.  Tried to give our entrees to another table, didn't apply the  Groupon, took a long time to get dessert out.  Overall a very nice dinner for the price.  It would have been over $100 if not for the Groupon.  I'd have to think about that before returning - lots of options at that price point.  But, just the meat on a plate would have been double that at the big steak chains.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,11/5/2014,203,267,6,8,11>This place is great, a true neighborhood gem, and oh boy am I glad to work in that neighborhood. First off, check in here on your yelp mobile app and receive a free drink. Show your hospital employee badge, receive a free drink! Win-win. The soda fountain carries Boylan brand exclusively, a great cane sugar soda company that does not contain any of the regular gross chemicals you usually see and taste in most of the major brands. As of yet, the entire menu changes daily, but I was informed by the owner that this will soon change and only a few items will be 'specials of the day' along with favorites staying on permanently. Upon my last visit, the menu was heavily bbq. I chose the beef brisket, mashed potatoes with white gravy, and a little salad with a darn good buttermilk dill ranch sauce. I loved the brisket alone but paired with the spicy bbq sauce it just made it even more fun to eat. Honestly, I wanted to try all of the delicious looking sides, especially the baked black beans, but my stomach is just not that spacious. My friend got Dave's meatloaf, and it was fantastic. And that chocolate strawberry pie, rich and lovely. I really like the idea of organic, local, mindful comfort food and it's a success at Kitchen Table Cafe. The owner is very proud of what he produces and will happily answer any questions about, well, anything. The place is pretty small, so if you have a large crowd I'd suggest calling ahead or getting it to go-City park is just a few blocks over. I like the feel of the space a lot, it reminds me of eating inside a large food truck, if that makes any sense. I look forward to many more visits and many more free drinks.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,11/4/2014,242,830,13,11,10>Start Spreadin' the News...Or rather, don't.  Because then everybody will know about Rosenberg's!!Oh, who am I kidding?  Everybody already knows. Word is out.  And the word is much more than the Bird.  (Man, I am on FIRE today!)I was so excited to go to Rosenberg's, ever since I first saw the "Coming Soon" plywood on the back wall about a year ago.  Then, thanks to Yelp, I saw that they had been having their very successful Soft Opening... and finally, their Grand Opening!  Yes! The time has come!  Rosenberg's has brought New York Bagels, Food, and Service to Denver.   MAZEL TOV!!So. Excitement Level = Toddler at Disney World.To the point where I literally forgot to take a photo of my bagel before absolutely demolishing it.  Anyone that knows me KNOWS that no food shall be eaten before photos are snapped. My Ronnie's Favorite disappeared faster than the presents on the first night of Hanukkah.So, for now, it'll have to be just a description.  Ronnie's Favorite is:A fresh (Never more than 4 hours old), Boiled-Then-Baked (the ONLY way) Bagel topped with sliced Cucumber, Dill Cream Cheese, Freshly Sliced Scottish Salmon (Lox) and Whitefish Salad.   All of that for $12.75.   Two of us split it, and we were both happily full.  This is a "Goopy" sandwich, so for those of you "purists" who prefer the Smoked Salmon to be the star, I'd say go with a schmear and one of their smoked salmons on a bagel.  For me, though, this was sheer perfection.Their menu is full of New York Deli favorites like Matzo Ball Soup, Chopped Liver, Dr. Browns Sodas, Black and White Cookies, and for you Jersey Boys and Girls:  Taylor Ham.  And they are the Holy Grail of Bagels in Denver.  Boiled and then Baked, for a shiny, crusty, glorious outside, and a yeasty, chewy, perfect inside.  I couldn't ask for anything more.  And I'm VERY glad they are not nearer to my home. Because I would be there every single day.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,11/3/2014,158,145,6,13,13>The Crawling Crab is so much fun!  Fun, like when you were a kid on your birthday at Chucky Cheese and you were so pumped about what was coming your way, you couldn't sit still.   That kind of fun.Once I saw the steamed bags coming out to other tables, filled with different kinds of seafood, corn and potatoes, I couldn't sit still.  We opted for the crawfish, me ordering the medium spiciness "All-in" sauce and my dinner pal ordering the mild spiciness cajun sauce.  He ended up thinking mine was better and snagged some of my sauce to dip his corn and potatoes in.  I tore through about 3/4 of my bags contents and had to put on the brakes.  I was ridiculously messy, but my belly was ridiculously happy!Beers are cheap, which is good because you'll need a few to rinse all that spicy seafood down!  Service is kinda spotty, but for the most part, ok.  I can't wait to come back and try some of the crab or other offerings!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,11/2/2014,476,701,15,14,12>Tacos de Muerte. I ate so much I almost died! I would have at least died happy though. My tacos de 7 Leguas Alambre of al pastor and asada were loaded heavily. It took me a second to find the tortillas under the pile of filling/topping! Nicely spiced and perfectly cooked they were very tasty. I guess the only thing I might have a complaint about is the lack of salsa choices or the lack of an adequate amount of salsa. The little1/2 full plastic to go cup of their salsa verde was tasty but I could easily have used two per taco instead of the one I got with my plate (and the two extra the waitress brought me when I asked for more.). We did score a complimentary dessert plate that looked amazing but I think that would have guaranteed me an ambulance trip if added to my already overstuffed belly. Next time I'll have to split an order or have half packaged to go.  How did it take me so long to come here?
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,11/1/2014,98,149,4,8,7>I eat at a lot of Chinese restaurants. Bad or good, I'm Chinese and I'm always optimistic that the next Chinese restaurant will offer genuine native dishes rather than overly sweetened and overly salty western taste food.As far as Colorado is concerned my searching is over. Panda one is incredible. Panda One is legit. Despite the $1.25 counter, the kitchen in the back and the fantastic couple who put in work there are each amazing. Panda One offers legit eastern shanghai dishes. And these dishes are delicious! Most importantly to me, Panda One offers Shanghai New Years Noodles. To my knowledge it's the only place in the state. Which makes it the best Chinese restaurant in the state.I will absolutely eat here again and again and again. I hope that every one who loves Chinese food eats here.The owners are really nice and friendly. They have wonderful hospitality. I hope they flourish and continue to offer real delicious Chinese food to Colorado.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2014,10/31/2014,54,320,5,11,8>I am not sure how long the interior will last. Wicker rocking chairs, a old tv, and nintendo.  A fun concept that is for sure. . .but as it gets busier, who knows.The fun part of opening a new brewery remains timing batches, and working on the little things and having fun with an introduction to Govt regulation. As such, Grandma's House  had two IPAs, a Stout, and a Guest beer.Now the guest beer was my style - a nice strong Belgium (broken spine - another new brewery in progress i'm told). I'm glad they had it, because i'm not that much of an IPA drinker. My wife was quite happy with the Stout  the music was fun. I'm sure it was a collection of records (real record player, seriously) from Grandma's time.  Yet I recognized none of that, my grandma didn't listen to music and I grew up in the 80s.They have 9 taps, so the 4 beers really shows how much more room to grow. The place is big (behind the tap room) so as things go well i'm sure they will use more.Unique brewery style - comfort is king here. That is what is fun. Great conversation, hang out, drink some beers.  Looking forward to what they have next.Btw - some breweries really suck at beer. (looking at you dads and dudes pizza) no such issue here. No taste of metal, no unfinished odditiy. Just good decent beer.  I'm going out on a limb with a couple suggestions1 -add brewery to the title. People see grandma house and thing "southern cooking" or something. . .depends on your grandma (mine was southern indiana)
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,10/30/2014,36,52,1,7,8>Spuntino food and wine is one of those neighborhood eateries that make dining out so much more appealing than cooking in. Situated in the highland neighborhood, they are within walking distance of so many homes; one of the many reasons why this small restaurant is bustling, even on weeknights. The italian-inspired seasonal food is matched perfectly by the charming and minimal space, along with staff who are eager and helpful to make your dining experience great. On my last visit a couple weeks ago, I bellied up to the bar for a glass wine and a light dinner. The cavatelli pasta I had was rustic and hearty, perfect for the cool night. However, what really stood out was the polpo (octopus in italian) appetizer I had to start off my meal. Not only was the cooking technique one I had not seen before, the flavors were ridiculously good. Spuntino's take on calamari is using the octopus tentacles (that most restaurants slice and drop into a batter and fry) and molding them into a sausage-like shape using a thin casing. The 'calamari sausage' is then suveed, slow cooked in a water bath, resulting in a very tender and delicate texture. To finish off the calamari, spuntino then slices the cooked product and sears it up on the flattop before plating it with crispy fingerling potatoes, smoky chorizo sausage, house-made peperonicini peppers and a bright, herbaceous chimichurri sauce. It sounds complex but each ingredient on the plate compliments the octopus and brings amazing flavor to each bite.  I know my next visit to spuntino will undoubtedly include an order of the polpo. While it seemed very foreign, the flavors and ingredients were very approachable and beyond delicious to taste.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,10/29/2014,283,191,4,16,14>This is a beautiful but challenging hike. I loved the incline and views! It is possibly one of my new favorite hikes in Boulder, Colorado. A friend of mine kept telling me how awesome it was so I decided to give it a try. Right of the bat the hike is straight up and I got a little worried. But I like a challenge so I pushed my through and ended up beating my friends time by 7 minutes. I felt so much energy by the nice people passing and encouraging me. I have to mention the gorgeous views as well. You have a beautiful view of Boulder and the Flatirons. I have decided to try to hike Sanita's once a week and try to make it up and down in less than an hour. I don't know if I can but the challenge is fun. There are so many great hikes in Boulder but this one is truly one of the best!!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2014,10/28/2014,41,223,4,18,6>It's a new place so I'm taking that into consideration. First off, there should be a sign at the front door telling customers to seat themselves. Because it gets kinda busy and they end up telling customers to seat themselves anyway. My Pet Peeves... There were no mixed veggies. There also was either No Whiting or Shrimp...can't remember right now. But why don't you have the items on your menu. The restaurant opened a couple of weeks ago. That's not good. Now to the food...The waitress brought a huge plate to my table. I ordered the Catfish Dinner with 2 sides. Macaroni & Cheese and Greens. The Greens were bland but were cooked to a good consistency. This can be a good thing for people with High Blood Pressure and other ailments that salt effects negatively. So thumbs up for the Greens. The Catfish fillet pieces I was given were HUGE! The Fish Fry seasoning definitely had a salt flavor but wasn't overly salted. The fish could have been fried browner for me since I like my fish Well Done. All in All, the fish was tasty and I had enough leftover that I ate it for lunch and shared my leftovers with my daughter. The Catfish King may be on his way to a good business so hopefully the owner will heed my non judging review. I'm just keeping it real and love to see Mom & Pops flourish which is the reason I decided to eat lunch here in the first place. I was actually on my way to another restaurant when I spotted there Now Open sign. Good luck to them!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,10/27/2014,306,1103,6,12,10>Hell yeah Sweet Cow!! I hate that it took me so long to get here but now that I've finally had the Sweet Cow experience, I can't wait to go back! I've followed them on Twitter for some time and usually salivate when I see pics or what flavors they have to offer. So we were in the Highlands the other night and I spotted it across the street from the restaurant we were at and vowed to save room just so we could go there.There was a good amount of people enjoying ice cream and I think we came while they were in a lull, by the time we paid, there were about eight people in line behind us. The people working there were awesome--all happy and helpful-I wish I was that enthusiastic about my job  We got to try out any flavor we wanted and the Cookies and Cream Coffee Ice Cream could have knocked my socks off (except I didn't have socks on!) Mmmmm, when can I go back??
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,10/26/2014,560,980,13,19,15>I think I have a favorite new Brewery, and its name is Coda.  I randomly drove by this area a month or two ago and said, "Hey, is that a new brewery going in?".  I mostly had forgotten about it until an "emergency" happy hour was organized here.  My experiences on this visit were top-notch.  Literally, the ONLY hiccup was hunting for a parking spot beforehand, and feeling threatened by the non-specific wording, along with numerous threats of towing, on the parking signs.  But,  a two block walk for even okay beer is well worth it.  I am glad to say that the beer here is outstanding.  I am not an IPA guy, but even my bitter-limited palate could enjoy the taster of their IPA enough to  realize how solid it was.  I had great service from the moment I walked in.  Several people helped us during our 2+ hours, but our primary Bartendress was Dee (as in Dedicated, Delightful, Deliberate, Definite . . . and any other positive words one can think of).  Tasters here come in little beakers.  Very cute, and easy to drink from.  Just don't think too hard about what the Anschutz Medical Campus next door might also put in these containers, and how much it might resemble a pilsner, pale ale, or amber (depending on your individual health).  The use of wood in this place is amazing.  Its beauty is not only pleasing to the eye, but you will be sorely tempted to run your hands over the tables, benches, and more.Among my favorite beers were the Belgian Wit 10 (Made with lemongrass, coriander, chamomile and orange peel. 5.2%, 16 IBU), the Rosalita (a chocolate java porter made with local coffee and African cacao nibs. 5.5% 34 IBU), and the abso-freaking-lutely refreshing Hibiscus Wit (with lemongrass, coriander, orange peel and chamomile. 5.2% 16 IBU).  When they say that  "the hibiscus lends a slight tartness on the tongue", they aren't just whistling dixie.I checked google maps, and it is a 15 minute drive (with light traffic) from my home for me to get to Coda Brewing, versus 5 minutes to Dry Dock, and 10 minutes to Two 22 Brew (pause, while I attempt to appreciate what a glorious age we live in, and how centrally located I am to several breweries).  So, I predict that should I find myself heading up to the east Colfax area, this will definitely be my first stop.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/25/2014,240,467,1,8,5>This place is awesome. I think it might be the best shop in Denver now...especially considering it doesnt get million people long lines like two other popular places!They may not have a ton of flavors and toppings but they keep it simple and REALLY good. I had a two scoop waffle of cinnamon toast crunch and reeses puffs ice cream. Yeah thats right..the two best cereals in ice cream form. It was amazing. They also have a number of flavors of an east coast style flavored ice..its like a mix between ice cream consistency but shaved ice flavor. I was really eyeing the root beer one of that. Will be trying that for sure when I go back.The owner is a very cool east coast guy from PA..really close to where my grandparents are from. Nice to chat with!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2014,10/24/2014,121,458,5,10,7>Be still my heart.  Korean restaurant just a few blocks from my house? It has to be a dream...a delicious dream.Dae Gee has another restaurant in Arvada/Westminster and I'm so glad to have one so close. Walking in, you are instantly greeted by the booming of the Korean pop music. Make sure to call ahead if you are going in a big group.  This place barely opened but was almost packed on a Wednesday night! Currently, they don't have the BBQ grills at the tables so whatever you order is cooked then brought out to you on a hot grill.  The seafood pancake was a delicious start to our meal.  Unfortunately they do not have unlimited BBQ right now but we proceeded to order the beef short ribs, pork and beef bulbogi, and pork short ribs.  Everything was so delicious and the service was on point.Don't be shy, ask for more sides (they don't fill up the side dishes as much as I'd like).  Ask for more spicy dipping sauce with the pancake!  And be sure to have a great time drinking plum wine!  Great place!!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,10/23/2014,453,906,6,9,6>You might not get what you order if you don't speak Spanish but even so you'll get something delicious! I got a bionico and a Chamoyada de mango (AKA mangonada). The bionico is a fruit parfait made with watermelon, strawberry, cantaloupe and pineapple with yogurt on top and honey. You can get nuts and coconut on top. I wanted both but I think the employee misunderstood me and only put walnuts. That cost around $5.50. The mangonada is freshly blended mango mixed with chamoy sauce served with a tamarind candy straw. They have lots of other foods like hot dogs, burgers, chocolate covered banana Popsicles, takis, ceviche, tacos, etc. The interior has about 5 tables and there's no outdoor seating. I'm unsure of the hours but I think weekdays it closes around 8:30 PM (they didn't list hours at their storefront). I'm definitely going to return here to try their savory options! Stay tuned!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,10/22/2014,90,221,6,8,10>On a recent brew tour around the Denver metro, I remembered hearing about a little brewery with weird hours on Broadway and 4th.  I pulled out my handy, dandy Yelp app and we found ourselves in route to Baere.  As we pulled up I thought to myself, good God did Yelp steer me wrong and we wound up at a Jiu -Jitsu place or something? With a little more search I luckily found the door and they were open.  At the time we went they were only open on Thursdays and Saturdays which may have changed I'm not quite sure.  Aside from the initial shock of walking up to a fairly creepy strip mall I was very impressed at the interior design of the brewery itself.  Very nice bar and seating areas, a fairly open space and an overall calming feel around the room.   As for the beers, I found myself mesmerized by the smoothness and overall deliciousness I was experiencing!  I'm typically not a huge fan of Saison's and they had two that knocked my socks off!  Of the 9 beers we tried, I really couldn't find one that didn't have something I liked about it.  I highly recommend any to look them up, make sure they're open and head on over there because I'm sure you'll find something you like!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,10/21/2014,163,177,16,11,10>This review is based on actual events.Me:  I don't feel like cooking tonight.The Hubby: Me neither!Me:  But I want a good juicy burger and a nice cold cocktail on a warm sunny patio...TH:  Where could we possibly get those without dropping a boatload of cash??Me:  Let's head over to my home-away-from-home!TH:  Um... Drum City...?Me: NO!  Table Mountain Inn & Cantina!... and they dined happily every Happy Hour!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,10/20/2014,204,522,3,11,5>4 stars, not 5, even if "Westword" did name it Denver's best new restaurant.The space is nice, and my server (Hallie) was terrific.I tried all of the "eaches."  The beignet, chickpea fry, potato omelette, fritter, and potato chip were great.  The dried celery root and corn dog were really great.  The Gruyere crisp was really, really great.My problem with the place is that the menu other than "eaches" and small plates is extremely limited.  There were two items portioned for two main courses (and correspondingly expensive).  Otherwise, there was only one entree sized item -- a large portion of a daily pasta special.  So, unless you're into only small plates, this isn't the place for you.  The food is creative and delicious, but I probably wouldn't go back.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,10/19/2014,226,414,4,7,7>I have a serious crush on The Kitchen. We've been here twice now for lunch/brunch and it's been exquisite.The first time I had the most amazing Benedict on gluten free bread (house made and delicious) with this unforgettable hazelnut pesto. It was so fantastic and I hope it's back on the menu when summer sets in.Hubs had the BLT with probably the tastiest garlic fries and house made catsup ever. I remember thinking my GF bread looked better than his though. Yea.Today I had the creamiest, most decadent polenta and mushroom ragout with supposedly poached egg- though it seemed more sunny side up. No matter, I only care that I can let that creamy orange yolk flow into my dish. It was loaded with mushrooms...no skimpy portion. Hubs fork continued to find its way onto my plate more than I would have liked!He enjoyed a delicious lamb burger with a fantastic red pepper relish. He subbed garlic fries for the regular which could have been crispier but were still tasty.The point is, I have either totally nailed my order both visits, or the Kitchen just knows how to make me swoon. I am betting on the latter, and you should too!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/18/2014,133,398,5,14,10>The High Line Canal trail is near my house in Southeast Denver and also connects to Cherry Creek Trail. I tend to walk on the trail near my house, as well as bike on it. You can take the trail east into Aurora or even as far west to LittletonI found some interesting history about the canal and it was originally built as an irrigation project, not as a recreational outlet. I googled High Line Canal and found that the trail has 66 useable miles and goes out to Waterton Canyon, past Chatfield Reservoir in SW Littleton and stops way out east at Green Valley Ranch Rd. I'm pretty impressed. I've only ridden 15 miles or so on the trail, but it always is very scenic in my area and I think it would be even more so if I follow it along. Usually you find walkers, runners, cyclists and some times inline skaters, as well as people walking their dogs. In some portions, horseback riding is also allowed.I feel very fortunate that the trail is near my home and only takes me less than 1/2 mile to clamber up to the trail and explore and enjoy.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,10/17/2014,36,441,4,9,6>What you will find here: All sorts of people, of all ages, lots and lots of people. It can get very crowded. But you will see diversity, in both the sellers and the customers, more diversity than people would expect in Boulder because they just don't look around on a regular basis. Even the hippies, that are supposedly all gone are here. It's the melting pot you might not see in high end Pearl restaurants or at a frat party on the Hill. But it is still here in so many other places.Lots of good prepared food to eat in a picnic setting, from tamales, pupusas, Vietnamese crepes, soups, espresso, fruit smoothies and herbal drinks, authentic gelato, sandwiches, breads, salads, felafel, ice cream, cookies, pies and cakes, etc. And live music to eat by.Bedding plants, herb gardens, fresh flowers, organic goat meat, Colorado lamb, small batch salad dressings, preserved local fruits and veggies, fresh seasonal fruits and veggies, pastas, none of them cheap but all of them fresh and local.What you won't find here:Easy parking, Look around and be prepared to walk a few blocks.  Use the bike path or the bus, Boulder High parking lot, and the city garages (free on the weekends.)Anything cheap, like I said before.Dogs. It is a pet free zone. It became a necessity a few years ago, for safety and cleanliness so if you haven't been in a while, make a plan.It is definitely worth the trip for a treat. I just generally prefer the sort of grocery stores or individual farm stands where I can get most of these same items, at my convenience.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/16/2014,263,617,14,16,15>We hit up "Cart Driver" cause I was thinkin' . . . hmmmm . . . bet they've got some great photos of a fetching Danica Patrick plastered all over the walls.Wrongarito."Cart Driver" is a name taken from the kinds of small local truck driver-y kinds of bars you find throughout the back ways of Italy. It means something like "the truck stop bar" (but with much more cache:).Andrew, the owner, has really got it going at this new spot (they own La Basta eatery in Boulder).  And they take a mainly small plates kinda perspective. We had some great and reasonably priced drinks that included, for my sweetheart, a couple of glasses of their on-tap prosecco, and for me, a great Ska Brewery (Modus Hoperandi) beer, followed by a wonderful house (Sangiovese) glass of red table wine.The burrata and eggplant bruschetta was superb, as was the prosciutto mousse bruschetta topped with diced cantaloupe (!). We followed that up with a wonderfully simple, but elegant, chopped salad, and finished with the white Cart Driver small pizza (4 pieces) of rapini and sausage with great cheese. (Ask for a side of margherita sauce and un-aged parmesan cheese to dip your crust into . . . it totally rocks!).Fair prices and excellent food = 5 stars in my book. Give em a try.E buon appetito,Davide "Em"
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,10/15/2014,197,231,7,5,7>Thank you to my man Deadeye Danny for turning me on to this place.  It's my new Highlands jam now that I work in the area.  I kill the four taco plate here for lunch at least once a week.  The Al Pastor and Carnitas tacos are top notch street tacos.  They drop a slice of avocado on top of each taco to really blow my doors off.I really enjoy the salsa selection here as well.  Four salsas, none of which are overly hot but do have some nice spice and varying flavors.  Match that with the warm tortilla chips they bring and I was super happy.  Also I wash it all down with a GIANT horchata.  I can't speak to the rest of the menu, but they DO have a giant marlin mounted on one wall and a giant TV on the other.  Nuff said if you ask me.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,10/14/2014,14,85,11,7,6>I'll be honest, I'm getting sick of constantly writing 5 star reviews for Bombay Clay Oven. The service is constantly excellent, the food is constantly delicious, and the value is constantly great, especially by Cherry Creek standards. So from now on, I'm going to only review Bombay Clay Oven if they go downhill. Judging from the fact that I've been here upwards of a dozen times, and had a fantastic experience each time, this is unlikely. So I'll leave you with a song:I'm gonna eat some foodOnly got 20 dollars in my pocketUh uh I'm hungryLooking for some buffetThis is f*cking awesome!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,10/13/2014,97,76,7,9,5>Four stars if only to encourage me to come back and verify it's damn near five.First, iPIE is short for Infinitus Pie. This may seem like a really mundane note to make, but Google kept insisting I was crazy when I entered "iPIE," and I insisted Google was crazy when it returned Infinitus Pie as a result. We were both right!...even if it made me late to meet my friends for lunch.Personal pan pizza has the unfortunate fate of being largely relegated to stadium food. It's tasty and filling enough, but like so much other sports event fare you get average-to-low quality for high-to-are-you-kidding-me prices. You can order it at a restaurant, but then you become "that guy," choosing a dish that takes an extra 10-15 minutes to cook and stuttering the flow of the whole meal.iPIE suffers from neither of these problems, pumping out premium pies at pedestrian prices (Still got it!). Allowing unlimited toppings at a set price is a godsend when you want to customize a pizza just so but feel cheated throwing down another dollar for every little addition. The variety doesn't end at toppings alone; hell, it doesn't even BEGIN at toppings. Crust type and sauces will afford you about half a dozen options apiece, with the latter offering choices like green chili and hot wing that encourage return trips if only to experiment. I don't know if it's standard, but they also gave samples of their cheesy and cinnamon bread up front. I know I'll be ordering at least one of them when I return.My only small complaint - the Trainwreck I ordered was not enough to fill me on its own. I see other reviews that suggest supplementing the pizza with cheesy bread or other sides, and this seems like the path to take if you don't mind bursting the $10 bubble.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/12/2014,208,396,7,9,8>Hello, my name is Erin, and I'm an addict.  A coconut addict.  You might wonder how on earth that is relevant to a review of an Italian restaurant.  Well, it's because they offer this heavenly three layer coconut cake on their dessert menu.  I had to resist ordering another piece to take home, because I knew I would end up eating it that night.  I can't say I'll be able to resist visiting again, and again, and again to keep eating that cake.  It was abso-freakin-lutely fantastic with coconut custard between the layers and frosting coated with coconut flakes.  Yum.  And, the other things we got for dinner were also delicious.  This could end up being my new favorite Italian place in town and it's conveniently close to the office - yay!  The cocktail list had a number of choices and all looked delicious.  I went with something that I think had "dragonfly" in the name.  It had St. Germain, pomegranate liquor, vodka (I think), and some other yummy stuff.  Let's just say I was very happy with my choice.  Unfortunately, it didn't look like there was ever a happy hour on all those tasty choices.For dinner I opted for their "homemade lasagna" which is the version with meat (they also have a vegetarian lasagna).  Again, delicious.  Big chunks of beef and sausage, just enough cheese, and tasty sauce.  I thought I'd eat half because it was so big, but ended up having to use restraint not to eat it all and ended up only bringing a little section home as leftovers.  Entrees come with a nice house salad and some delicious warm bread served with marinara.  I also tried my friend's bolognese and the flavors were excellent.As others have mentioned, the price point is a bit on the high side for an Italian restaurant, but I think they are completely reasonable given what you get.  Many places I've been may be a little cheaper, but the salad is separate.  Or, it's cheaper, but doesn't taste quite a good.  Nonna's was fantastic.  And, even if everything else had sucked, I'd still be back... for that coconut cake.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/11/2014,131,377,5,7,7>Since writing my initial review I've been back here many times, and I sit here now craving Golden Shanghai even though I had it last night. So it's time to give them the full-star treatment.Everything stands from my previous review: family meal is a great deal and the wanton soup is still delicious. My girlfriend and I have had more of their sushi and have to say I'm pleasantly surprised every time with how fresh it is. The rolls often have a few pieces that aren't rolled 100% right, but the freshness makes up for it. The simple cucumber roll is still one of my favs, but the tuna, salmon, and shrimp/cucumber/avocado rolls are all fantastic as well. We are more than happy to have their sushi when we don't feel like driving half way across town for the top sushi places.Although the sushi is nice, it's the steamed shrimp shumai dumplings that is the top draw for us. We get at least an order every time we visit, whether ordering regular dishes or sushi. In fact, one of these days we're just going to order 10 of these as a meal. So tender and moist, and that dipping sauce is like crack!As for regular dishes, we've become addicted to the Mongolian Chicken and the Spicy Basil Chicken. The Mongolian is loaded with flavor including black pepper and perfectly sauteed onions, while the Basil Chicken has the perfect amount of spice with that sharp Asian basil taste. And the portions of both often provide for at least a lunch the next day.Golden Shanghai is definitely our go-to Chinese restaurant, and it has essentially become our comfort food. In addition to the great food they also have very friendly service (one waitress remembers us every time) and a surprisingly classy atmosphere. Yup, we're hooked.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/10/2014,17,101,8,14,6>Wasn't sure what to expect from this place and wow was I surprised.  The rooms are amazing.  From the dry mud room, to the crystal room, to the relaxation area everything was tip top.  Steam sauna and dry sauna - HOT.. oh yeah!  Cold immersion pool with waterfall - COLD... bring it!My only complaint is the ceiling really needs some work.  It looks as though it's about to fall to the floor.  If you get the combo, be prepared to be scrubbed everywhere and I mean everywhere. I felt like a car going through the robo wash, this woman didn't miss a spot.  The facial with the fresh cucumber paste was to die for! Tip: Don't be surprised if your therapist hops up on the table with you while she's giving you your massage.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,10/9/2014,77,88,5,10,9>What is there to say really, anyone who lives in Boulder or nearby probably won't need to read this to know that Chautauqua is bad ass, but for you tourists our there looking for a good hike, look no further. The Green Mountain trail is probably the best workout, consistently steep and usually takes around 3 hours round trip (depending how fast you are and how much you stop). The Flatirons loop kinda takes you right up to the base of all the flat irons and back again, very mellow if you only stay on it exclusively, but it also provides access to all the other trails. The 1st/2nd climbing access trail is my most frequented, mostly because Green and Arch have been closed from the flooding mess. Anyway, it's about 3 miles round trip, once you get to the top you can follow it around the backside of the 1st and climb up a little bit to an excellent view of Never Summer and Indian Peaks. Mesa is pretty mellow and long, but I'm told you can get to the Bear Peak trail from it, haven't done it myself.Royal Arch is probably my favorite, but it's been closed since the flooding. Hopefully it opens soon.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/8/2014,27,196,5,11,6>We used to frequent the original location on Sheridan and Morrison Road all of the time so we already knew just how wonderfully good Maria's authentic Argentinian baked empanadas tasted and when she decided to relocate it was only a sign of good things to come.  The old place was small, cute and cozy and parking was a bit challenging backing out at the busy diagonal intersection but the new location is absolutely FANTASTIC and a HUGE improvement over the old one!  Lots of space for seating, including open outside patio seating (weather permitting of course).  Located along the newly gentrified strip of South Broadway, Maria Empanada is rapidly moving onward and upward and her business is really taking off!  The new location is a tremendous success!The empanadas have even IMPROVED with the move.  They are doughy and softer with even more hot yummy filling be it traditional beef, chicken, veggie or breakfast empanadas and with such a variety of options on the menu to choose from at only three bucks each, you won't be able to eat just one!  Grab yourself a basketful of empanadas and you will not be disappointed!  The new place even has a giant industrial espresso machine for a quick shot of fresh brewed caffeinated rocket fuel.  Even though the drive is farther for us, we'll keep going there just because her fresh baked empanadas are hands-down the absolute BEST.  Maria also delivers and even has a cute delivery truck too. Yelpers, keep your eye on Maria Empanada closely.  I can only foresee this business inevitably expanding and becoming a recognizable franchise ala Chipotle, Smashburger and other local Colorado upstarts that quickly turned into franchised success stories.  I wouldn't even be surprised if her yummy empanadas are eventually distributed and sold in grocery stores as home-baked frozen goods because they are the perfect nosh to snack on anytime and for any occasion.  Maria Empanada may well become THE name-brand synonymous for it's unique and distinctive South American signature flavor.I wish Maria Empanada all the best for their continued and future success!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,10/7/2014,702,888,6,12,10>Such good pizza. I stopped in for lunch recently and ordered two slices of cheese and a garlic knot. Lunch downtown for under $6? Woot. It was a ton of food but I scarfed it right down. Tasty super thin crust with a bit of char and crunch, tangy tomato sauce and lots of stringy cheese = perfect. I used the extra marinara that came with my garlic knot to dip my crusts into. They don't skimp on sauces which I like. They also handed out baby slices of cheese while people waited in line. Pretty cool. I think next time one slice and two garlic knots would be the perfect meal - especially the slices with yummy toppings or the thicker stuffed slices. Service was excellent and the line moved quickly during the lunch rush hour. My only complaint was that I couldn't find napkins in the main seating area - only back by the cashier. But they bring yout food to your table which is awesome. Great beer/wine list and a decent HH to boot.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,10/6/2014,143,217,8,9,8>Hey there, Ernie! You are now officially my grandmother's favorite restaurant and now you are all that she talks about! She brags to her friends and family about how hip she is to be hanging out at a place like you and suggests that we come to eat at you whenever possible. Your spaghetti and meatballs have been satisfying her cravings for months now. I think you are a stand up guy! Anybody that can treat my grandmother with as much love as I do deserves a gold star in my book! Add on the fact that I am quasi-obsessed with your Italian sausage and you definitely have won my appreciation. See you soon, I'm sure!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,10/5/2014,188,277,7,8,9>There is something so wonderful about a neighborhood ice cream joint. The multitudes waiting in line, dogs and children in toe, head askew at the window to see the day's flavors.Liks has been at 13th and Vine long before Capitol Hill became a hipster haven and ice cream places had to be "organic" or "vegan" or have exotic flavors like balsamic swirl. Liks just has great ice cream, welcoming customer service, an excellent people-watching patio and the thanks of thousands of neighbors who return time and time again to enjoy what is truly a neighborhood fixture of Denver.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,10/4/2014,639,447,5,10,8>When I first walked into Boxcar, I was thrown for a loop because it shares space with a butcher and deli. But I quickly adjusted and found my way to the counter to get a drink. I didn't feel like drinking coffee, but I was dragging, so I ordered the "Duke" espresso. The gent behind the counter was very friendly and explained the difference between the regular and the Duke and pressed it out in no time. Also, bonus points for his awesome squid/octopus tattoo. He was right, the Duke espresso has a MUCH different flavor than typical shots of espresso. It was lighter and... something else, but I'm not very good at describing coffee. It was good. Different, but good.I like the shared space in here; it's very open so that the ceilings absorb the noise of a busy coffee shop well. Because it is a busy coffee shop, but there's no typical din and I think that's because of the open concept.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,10/3/2014,37,208,9,7,6>Dubbel Dutch is an amazing little sandwich shop. I'm marrying into a Dutch family, and, to be honest, the Dutch are a weird people, so I'm trying to observe the culture as a learning experience. It's a little hole in the wall that serves sandwiches, salads, and coffee. I scarfed down an "Old Amsterdam" sandwich which was absolutely amazing. If you like cheese, bread, and vegetables, do yourself a favour and try this sandwich. In addition to the freshmade food Dubbel Dutch also includes a little Dutch market with all sorts of Dutch treats (although I'm becoming convinced that half of the average Dutchperson's diet consists of licorice and licorice related items). Grab a box of stroopwafles and enjoy.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,10/2/2014,194,576,6,17,14>In my younger years, I almost always went for sweet breakfasts at brunch: pancakes, Belgian waffles and french toast. And while I still love these items, I just don't enjoy that much sugar in the morning anymore and will almost always order a savory breakfast. So when Jennifer B. mentioned that Fooducopia had Savory French Toast on Yelp Talk, my interest was piqued! I met up with Erin H for brunch a couple a weeks ago and we were both surprised that there wasn't a wait at 9:30am! In fact we had our choice of tables. I ordered the Savory French Toast and Erin ordered the Meat Frittata. My French toast didn't disappoint: big, fluffy pieces of brioche fried and topped with mushrooms, spinach, tomatoes and goat cheese served with a side of hollandaise to dip it in. Erin  let me have a bite of her frittata and it was also delish. We both were so impressed with their homemade strawberry preserves that we each took home a freshly filled mason jar ($5.99 each).I'm worried that once word catches on about Fooducopia there will be more of a wait, but this is seriously good brunch so I'll definitely return!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,10/1/2014,315,429,5,16,14>Over the last few years, I've come to discover Colorado's fantastic state parks.  This should be a no brainer, but as a transplant, so much of my previous visits involved going to CO's national parks.  But these days, I long to be out in nature and enjoy a little solitude away from the crowds.  And I'm learning that the best place to do this is at our state parks.A few years ago I was driving toward the Springs via 83 and spotted a random canyon on the west side of the road.  I mentally noted this hidden beauty for future exploration.  Well last weekend I finally made it!Castlewood Canyon is fairly easy to find, just west of Franktown on Hwy 83, and east of Castle Rock.  The landscape is spectacular:  a hidden canyon cut out of the rolling hills by the Cherry Creek.  There are so many trails that I could keep coming back all summer and never hike them all.  You'll find a few locations that are great for picnicking, too.  (I'm tempted to come back and just have a big ol' cook out with friends!)  And you can bring your pooches here!  Bonus!My recommendation for a first trip?  Hike the Creek Bottom Trail from the west entrance and you'll discover the ruins of an old homestead and an old dam!  James F kept point to bits and pieces of crumbling rocks saying that that was the dam, but holy cow, what a sight when you emerge from the trees and see the real thing!  I am still over the moon that Colorado has so many amazing places to explore and escape to nature.  And so many along the urban corridor!  Castlewood Canyon is a hidden gem that shouldn't be missed.So in honor of my 400th review, I urge you to grab your backpack and lace up your hiking boots!Pro tip!  To pay the $7 entrance fee, it is self serve; there are no rangers to take the fees.  Bring exact change!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,9/30/2014,59,130,7,11,9>My fiance will be moving from Washington DC to Denver, and every time he's in town I try to find some new way to overcome his DC snobbishness about Denver's lack of culture.  Last night I picked him up at the airport and drove directly to The Populist.  It was a perfect cool, dry, Denver night (something missing in DC much of the year) so we chose to sit outside at a communal table.  The outdoor seating is so lovely.  You sit right next to a real vegetable garden, and there are those romantic round bulb lights strung above your head.  We were presented with 3 separate menus:  food, wine, and beer & cocktails.  We ordered a nice bottle of Vouvray, and started to peruse the menu.  That's what our server called it:  "perusing".    We decided on a scrumptious butternut squash salad that was presented beautifully with arugula, pickled beetroot, and goat cheese, with little squares of squash sprinkled throughout.  It was light and super flavorful.  My fiance ordered the Broken Duck "Cubano" plate, which was basically a deconstructed cuban sandwich, but presented like a charcuterie on a long rectangular plate with piles of toast, Gruyere, mustard, pickles, and of course, duck.  Duck breast, and Duck confit.  My taste of the confit and Gruyere was super yummy.  I ordered the Tandoori Half Chicken, that was served atop an Indian flavored sauce (sorry I can't remember the exact flavor) with a lovely poppadom on the side.  We brought half of it home.  Dessert (not my favorite course but I always take a bite) was a heavenly Ginger Frangipane - a ginger flavored cake with raspberry sorbet on one side, and cream cheese icing piled on the other.  I had MORE than my requisite one bite because it was that good.  All of the plates were beautiful to look at, and I mourned the fact that I didn't have my good camera with me.The service was super attentive, and while I was apprehensive about the communal table, it does make for some juicy eavesdropping if your own conversation drags.  I also love the neighborhood.  Parking is on the street, and I suppose some might find it a bit scary with all the industrial surrounding the place, but I just think it's cool.It's safe to say that with the perfection that is The Populist, I will slowly chip away at anyone's snobby views of Denver.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,9/29/2014,116,304,2,12,8>I waited to write a review for my apartment complex, but seriously I can't say enough about my experience here.  I moved in, site unseen, to a one bedroom apartment when I found myself needing a place with little notice.  They offer a 3 month lease option and were beyond helpful when it came to me setting everything up from afar.  Before I re-signed my lease for a full year, I went to see what else was out there.  Nothing at this price even remotely compared.  I've resigned and will be moving to a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom with my boyfriend in the next two months.  Here's a list of fabulous things about this place:1) The staff is awesome.  From the front desk employees to the maintenance staff to the cleaning crew, everyone is friendly, helpful, and available.  The maintenance crew comes within 24 hours of any request and is always wonderful.  Even Jeff, the manager, answers emails quickly and is helpful and kind.2) The grounds and apartments are clean and updated.  The apartments themselves are gorgeously done with nice features like wood paneled fans and huge bathtubs.  In regards to the trains, I overlook them.  They are loud if your window is open and one is coming by, but the windows are top-notch and make them sound like white noise after a while...  it's really not bad at all.  I'd take it over a busy street or bar/ club any day.  3) The amenities are amazing.  There is a gym with free yoga, personal TVs with 100+ channels, and tons of free weights, etc.  The pool and hot tub are clean with new seating all around.  The outdoor barbecues are top notch.  The club room is awesome -- beautiful with tons of TVs, a Wii and pool table, a conference room, free coffee all the time, and free computers to print/ scan/ fax.4) The location is awesome -- it's near the lightrail, antiques row, S. Pearl St., and S. Broadway's little bar/ restaurant strip.5) The parking is not hard at all even if you can't park in the garage.  Right across the street there is a huge neighborhood with 2 hour parking that always has spots.  Anyone who complains is pretty much not looking too hard.6) It is updated with high-end apartment building features to make like easy.  You can pay for everything online, trash rooms allow you to recycle or put stuff down a chute, and there are storage units available for $25 that are separate closets on your floor PLUS cage ones in another area.  They have great events for the residents all the time with free food, drinks, etc.  It's got central air conditioning.  7) It's the most dog-friendly building I've ever known.  They have dog runs, a dog wash, and poop bags and compartments available in all the public areas.  Honestly, I don't think there's another building I'd choose.  The staff alone makes it a great place to live.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,9/28/2014,218,194,3,6,4>I was looking for a spot to meet a friend after work a couple of weeks back when I found the BoB, and what a find it was!  I hadn't heard of it up to that point so when I did I immediately arranged to meet there.  The BoB offers a wide variety of ales, including some Imperials and doubles.  I started with an IPA, not bad but I like a little more bite in my IPA's.  I moved on to a pale (nicely balanced) and then a coffee milk stout (my favorite, a very nice stout).  Like most of the other brewhouses they don't offer food, except some kind of pretzel they have behind the bar.  There is a table with menus from local spots and ordering out is recommended if you get hungry.  The overall décor was a little nicer than some of the other spots I've checked out, with a long bar stretching a good portion of the place.  It was a nice day so the garage-style doors were all opened up and the patio was more than half full of people soaking up the sun and sucking in the suds.Lots of parking out back - and a back door to use, nice people working there, centrally located, and the variety of ales will bring me back for more without a doubt.  Give it a try the next time you're in Englewood and find yourself craving a tasty ale!.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/27/2014,68,257,8,8,8>Hanging out with friend who lives in the Glendale area and after dinner we start talking about a good place to get dessert on Colorado blvd?  Well, what about that place Bruxie's, I recall a lot of Yelpers talking about this place.  So we basically drive up to the Belcaro/Glendale section off of Colorado boulevard and my friend sees this place and was like Waffles?!  I don't know about waffles.  Kind of weird to have a restaurant just for waffles.  But as we look up at the menu, we see a whole bunch of ice cream sundae waffles and we see this Liege waffle sundae with Belgian chocolate and caramel.  Okay, we'll stay.  As we scan the menu, my friend is like, man this menu looks really good, I'm going to have to come back here.  So even though we don't know anything about the savory treats, it was intriguing enough to want to come back. Oh and the sundae....not for dieters.  Ridiculously huge and very good.  This is the kind of dessert you have when you had a bad day and need to eat your issues or if you had a good day and want to celebrate.  Or if you just want a damn good sundae.  Everyone was really nice and attentive so I think I will be going back, more waffles please.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,9/26/2014,135,320,6,5,8>I have been wanting to try this place out for some time now, being the burger lover that I am.  So here goes - not sure what to expect when I walked in but was friendily (is that a word?) greeted when I walked in.  Perused the menu on the wall and the word Poutine jumped out at me and out my mouth.  So I ordered the Blue burger as a combo and the nice lady behind the counter asked if I wanted the poutine as a side - dumb question - uh Yah!  The burgers here are 6 oz.- good size. The Blue Burger has gorgonzola, avocado, rosemary garlic mayo, tomato & lettuce - yes like was said in other reviews these are messy burgers - get plenty of napkins!   Great burger - cooked to order, somewhere between medium and well - just like I like them. Now on to the poutine - I am still savoring 3 hours later - VERY tasty. I usually am not one of those people that takes pictures of their food but this time I did and it is posted.The only downfall was the parking - City Set is trendy and I came in on a Friday around 5pm - translation: it sux (although they do offer free valet).
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/25/2014,51,163,5,7,8>I love FFBC. Let me count the ways... 1.  mad fermentation skills 2. super friendly staff3. diverse, rotating taps4. 10 minute walk from light rail5. pets are welcome and always around6. great crowd7. swanky decor8. large, clean restrooms9. so many food venues nearby for all price points10. English IPAWell, that's a start. I've only been in the tap room a few time but I have been drinking their beer around town for many months. They have hosted tastings in their home and had pop-up tastings at Platt Park. Great brewery. Great .Great people.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,9/24/2014,500,166,7,17,10>Have you tried the food of the Yucatán? It's yummy. (Yes, I said it). And the folks at Mayan Manjar Yucateco Restaurant (in the old Maria Empanada space) will be more than happy to give you a taste of this southeastern Mexican state!Why not get things started with a tangy cucumber limeade and some codzitos (Yucatecan-style rolled tacos with pork or chicken)? Alternatively, perhaps an order of salbutes or panuchos may be more to your liking. Yes, these both feature meat, tomato, lettuce, avocado and pink pickled onions on a homemade corn tortilla... the main difference is that panuchos always have a layer of refried black beans inside, while salbutes do not. (Also, a panucho has a puffier tortilla than a salbute). As delicious as all this sounds, don't stuff your face too much, because the best is yet to come!Cochinita pibil is a hallmark of Yucatecan cuisine, consisting of pork marinated with annatto seeds and sour orange juice, then roasted in a Pib (earth oven) until the juicy, succulent meat practically falls apart. Then again, the dish known as relleno negro (chicken stewed in a sauce made of blackened árbol chiles and a cornucopia of spices) is no slouch either. Beef fans will just love the tender chopped steak dish alternatively known as dzik or salpicón de res. And the best part? Depending on what type of meat dish you order, you can get it as a taco, tostada, torta, sope... well, you get the picture. If you're feeling especially hungry you can even try the ancient Mayan favorite, Poc-Chuc - large slabs of pounded grilled pork served with rice, beans, chiltomate (roasted tomato sauce), avocado and more of those pickled onions. Mmmmm-mmmmmmm!I guess what I'm trying to say is - no matter what you pick, you're sure to have a hot time at Mayan Manjar Yucateco Restaurant (especially if you overindulge in their homemade habanero sauce - they aren't kidding around with that stuff!)
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,9/23/2014,174,419,7,13,12>3.5, rounded to 4.  Y'all know how I do...On a recent Saturday some Yelp friends and I planned for brunch after a funtastic group workout.  Among a few suggestions, Billy's Inn won out in part due to location of where the workout was, and also their varied selection (both brunch items and regular menu).  With so many great sounding dishes, it was the obvious choice.Despite being nearly noon on a Saturday, we called ahead and they said they could reserve the large table on the patio for us, no problem.  Even when we arrived, however, the place looked pretty empty for a brunch/lunch spot on a nice Colorado weekend morning.  Our table was already set with waters, and our server was good about coming over as our party had a staggered arrival.For $2 you can get a small mimosa (think champagne flute filled to the top), or for $4 you can get the large mimosa (think regular wine glass almost filled to the top).  They have other brunch-type drinks, such as a Bloody Mary, a Bloody Maria (with tequila), and a Michelada with your choice of beer.  The regular drink menu is also available; The Dude ordered an orange mojito which was delightful (but also pretty pricey at $7).The full menu and the brunch menu were available to order from, but my heart (and stomach) was set on brunch.  Billy's Inn has some of the standards: eggs benedict, Belgian waffle, strawberry cheesecake stuffed French toast (holy tacos).  In addition to these though, they've also got some solid "alternatives", such as chilaquiles, a Borracho bowl (featuring grits, scrambled eggs, crunchy tortilla strips, etc.), and the Huevos con Quesos potato boats.  Think breakfast-style potato skins.  Think zOMGyum.  Hollowed out, filled with poached eggs, and topped with queso and melted cheese, then served atop black bean puree (including two strips of bacon, if that's your style)... just typing that out makes me wish I had a plate or five sitting in front of me.The wait for our food seemed a little lengthy, but good conversation was flowing, so that may have been the post-workout hunger talking there.  Everything was hot and delicious when it arrived, with everyone around the table ooh'ing and ahh'ing over each others' dishes.  All reports on food were positive.  And truly, those breakfast potato boats were deeee-lish.Our server was great about splitting the check, though a heads-up they can only split it eight ways.  The very fact that they attempted without so much as an eye-roll or sigh (as I've experienced elsewhere) was solid.  Luckily the remaining payer had cash, so it all worked out.  Our water glasses never really went empty, and those who wanted more cocktails were served promptly.  We were checked on regularly, and overall the food, service, and experience was most excellent.  I'm only taking a half-star off because I kind of feel like $7 for a mojito is a lot, but I don't get out that often (heh) so who knows.Still... we'll be back.  If for nothing else than those potato boats.  Oh yes, we will be back.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,9/22/2014,154,85,2,22,13>Good homemade scratch Italian food and friendly family there to greet you.  Still trying to keep the image up from their televised makeover, have a few things that they slack on in keeping it up but they are trying and the food well that is why you go there.   I was in for lunch and super glad I made it in..did tell them that the few things they needed to care for like the dirt drape in the dining room was easily fixed...and since their show ppl would be looking at those things and may not say anything.  The owner was so nice and thanked me for my honesty and I will be back because the curtain again wasn't why I was there:-)    Agree that portion sizes are perfect and flavors melt into your mouth, we have to remember this is a family business and keeping costs affordable for everyone and still making a proft is good business period...so and enjoy support them and help them continue their popularity.  Food recommendations are any of the salads and Pizzas..and for an Entree try one of these~fresh Sausage is incrediable!!!Spaghetti & Housemade Sausage * Tomato sauce, parmesan, basil * 14Capellini & Housemade Sausage * White wine, garlic, tomato, Tuscan kale * 15Linguine Alla Vodka * Pancetta, peas, tomato cream sauce * 14YUMMY!!If you like dessert well do, I don't usually get and glad I did - I got it to go and had it later!Tiramisu * Ladyfingers, coffee, mascarpone * 7 Mangia!!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,9/21/2014,103,97,7,10,10>Throwing this review out there for the moment, and just reviewing the product, location, and atmosphere. Dropped in here for their grand opening party in January. Folks around Denver must be STOKED for cider, because this place was packed. Nuts to butts. I imagine this was every single gluten-free monkey in Denver rejoicing at the opening of a place where they could get drunk without having to endure the pretentiousness of a winery. Had the Banjo - barrel aged cider. Dandy stuff. A glass will run you anywhere from 6-8 bucks. More than a beer at most places, but probably more potent. Location is a little strange. Look for Mile High Winery (currently North on Walnut right past where they are building condos) and duck into the parking lot right past the building. You should see the enormous "STEM" sign. Will have to go back sometime in the near future to see how the service and people are. Just wanted to give props to completing the lineup of fermented fluids in the RiNo area - beer, wine, spirits, kombucha, and now cider!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,9/20/2014,232,372,8,17,17>Like the global cuisine featured on the menu, Ambli is always evolving.  The original plan was for a gourmet take out establishment with retail wine sales.  Due to permitting headaches, the retail wine idea was scrapped in favor of a wine bar but still with a focus on carry out food.  As time went by and more people started hearing about Ambli, more tables were added in the dining room.  Now the two cash register counters that were near the front door have been removed and even more seating has been added.  I am super excited that Ambli has adapted to the needs of the neighborhood!  My neighbors and I were desperate for a casually upscale have-a-seat-and-stay-a-while neighborhood eatery.Ambli's menu is ever evolving as well.  The kitchen serves dishes from India, Africa, Italy, Thailand, and where ever else strikes the chef's fancy.  The options seem to change a little bit every time I've visited but the flavors are consistently unique and delicious.  Here are some of my favorite selections from the current menu:Arancini di Funghi (mushroom and cheese filled risotto croquettes) - absolutely scrumptiousSamosas (filled with a savory meat mixture and served with cilantro chutney and Ambli chutney) - totally tasty and I can't decide which chutney I like bestRoasted Beet Salad (tossed in greens with balsamic vinaigrette and topped with crumbled feta and walnuts) - light and refreshingAmbli Hummus (served with naan) - it has a nice smokey flavor and the naan is thin and slightly crispy, so you won't fill up on breadChicken Tikka Masala - some of the best I've ever eaten, perfectly seasonedKarahi Gosht (Steak cooked with spices and tomatoes, served with naan and rice) - the steak is ridiculously tender and the sauce is lovelyWe finally checked out the brunch menu yesterday for Easter.  A few of the regular menu items are repeated there but also nontraditional takes on traditional brunch dishes.  Our table had:Polenta Shrimp with Brussels Sprouts (tomato polenta with seared shrimp, Carolina style BBQ sauce, crispy Brussels sprouts and over-easy eggs)Naan Benedict (Sliced naan topped with black beans, red onion, avocado, two over-medium eggs, hollandaise, cilantro and chili flakes)Veggie Croque Madame (A vegetarian version of croque madame filled with mushroom duxelle and mascarpone topped with two over easy eggs, hollandaise and scallions)We all left happy plates.Wait!  I haven't even told you about my favorite part - the wine!  Though I'm very partial to local Colorado wines, I've enjoyed sampling the various varietals and international offerings.  I like that you can order a half glass so you can mix, match and sample or just know what you're getting into before you commit to a full glass.  If you're going to have more than two full glasses of wine (don't judge!), the most economical route is to just order a bottle.  At our brunch, we sampled both of the unique mimosa flavors:  apple and orange and apple, carrot and ginger.  I actually think I liked the apple, carrot and ginger the best because it was light, not acidic, and the flavors were well-proportioned.In addition to the cozy atmosphere and all the wonderful food and wine, Ambli offers fantastic service.  The two friendly and gracious owners are always walking around checking to make sure everyone is doing well and the servers are enthusiastic and on their game.Not surprisingly, there will be new menu in May focusing on tapas, tacos and a third thing I can't recall (sorry, I was drinking mimosas).  I'm also happy to see that  new Spring/Summer hours mean Ambli will be open later in the evening (until 9:00 Mon. - Thurs. and until 10:00 Fri. and Sat.; open for brunch only on Sunday).Welcome to Virginia Vale, Ambli!  We all hope you'll sit down and stay a while.P.S.  Best phone number ever - (303) 355-WINE
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,9/19/2014,147,167,7,7,4>I really didn't want to write this review in regards to their Sunday brunch because I wanted  them to be my hidden gem, well-kept secret....etc.  But I figure if they don't start to boom eventually they might not do the brunch anymore and I will be really sad.  Some of the highlights from my brunch today.  First of all, parking in Highlands area is just hard and they have their own parking lot!  Gaetano's have been serving Sunday Brunch since March of this year and I'm surprised it's not busier than they have been.  Second, bottomless coffee is really delicious.  They serve illy Italian coffee and it's smooth and not acidic at all.  I am not a fan of South American coffee for that very reason.  Third, today, they had bottomless pomegranate mimosas for $10 per person.  I really wanted to have some but I had to get back to working on a paper for school...  ugh, school always gets in the way of fun!  Fourth, they have make your own bloody mary for $6 a glass.  With bacon and everything!  Fifth, their prices on their brunch menu is from $10-12 per person and no more.  This is the best deal I have seen in Denver Hipster Brunch places ever!  Sixth, the portion sizes are amaze balls!  I almost couldn't finish it but it was so delicious that this fat kid almost licked the plate.  Seventh, great music selections!  Me and Mrs. Jones and other variations of old school soul and R&B on a lazy Sunday.  You can't beat that. I can't believe this place is not rated better on Yelp.  I know a lot of the reviews came from many moons ago and the most recent reviews after the new owners have been 4-5 star ratings.  If you like brunch, it's not just Italian, they have a lot of benedicts for around $10 and they have banana foster french toast...etc.  Chicken and waffles with bacon bits in the waffle!!!!!  But they also had Carbonara pasta with eggs on top, which it was interested to eat pasta for breakfast but it turned out to be amazing!!!!!Come to Gaetano's for brunch, you won't regret it.  Now I just have to regret posting it because they will start having long lines...  Awesome work Gaetano's!!!!!!!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,9/18/2014,186,224,1,7,12>Celebrated at fainting goat after the St. Patricks day parade this weekend. It was busy which was fine, it is actually a fairly big place with 3 levels. The rooftop is gorgeous and has great views of the mountains. My girlfriends and I had drinks and food, and probably the best service I've ever experienced in a bar setting. Our waiter, who was also the manager was awesome (I wish I could remember his name!) Everyone seemed to really enjoy their jobs at the fainting goat which was so cool! Mark the owner sat down with us and chatted with the group, he also was so nice and friendly. Had the buffalo chicken wrap with tots and blue cheese..it was very tasty. My whole experience here was so great, the goat will definitely be my new neighborhood hangout.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,9/17/2014,115,400,1,8,8>After watching this restaurant get ready to open over the course of a few months, I'm very pleased to find out that it's a ramen joint! They also serve yakitori and other assorted Japanese small plates, but I'm mostly excited about having ramen within walking distance and away from the LoDo crowds. Tokio is a little out of the way from the main LoDo/Ballpark area, and the seating area is fairly small. There doesn't seem to be a wait to be seated just yet. I tried the miso ramen and my husband had the tonkatsu ramen. The broth was very flavorful with the miso ramen - a little sweet, a little sour, and a bit creamy. The soft-boiled egg in the ramen was very nice too, and a little cool in the middle, which I liked. I can't wait to come back and try the yakitori!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/16/2014,177,337,5,8,8>Man o' man this place is cool - and it's right in the heart of downtown! How did I NOT know about this gem in the middle of Writer's Square? Talk about the perfect place for ladies (and gentlemen) who lunch! Colore me impressed and wet your palates for some solid food and wine too!First of all I love the patio! There is so much seating and so much shade. The plethora of umbrellas provide tons of shade so even if it's hot outside you can sit, dine and people watch while enjoying the fresh air of Denver. For sure one of the best patios around. The inside is quaint and comfortable too so that's good news.Excellent food. Excellent wine. Excellent service. Just all around excellent. The Italian food is prepared to order so you can have your heart's desire and add some prosciutto as well. The salads are awesome as are the pizzas which are HUGE. I've also enjoyed the sandwich selections so there's a little something for everyone.This is not an expensive place so it's well worth checking out. Every employee that I encountered was nice, helpful, and in some cases, really friggin' funny! The great atmosphere, tasty food, reasonable prices, cool staff, and large wine selection all make Café Calore one awesome blossom of a restaurant.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,9/15/2014,89,114,7,11,9>OOOOO MMMMyyyyy Goooood these are amazing Tortas!!!!! So after a long wait at the Consulado de Mexico I searched nearby places and this place popped up.  My mom was a little hesitant, but I was like "Mom they have really good yelp reviews" So we made our way across the street! When I came in I asked what the MOST POPULAR TORTA was and they guy told me the NORTENA which has Steak, Milanesa, and Mexican Cheese ...so we proceeded to ordering one each ($8.32) and aguas de horchata ($2.50). So I was expecting plain jane tortas, but what I got was santa maria purisima tortas...I mean this ish was good, even my mom (who always cooks Mexican food) was impressed! And their horchata was also delicious, not watery, but just savory.Other Pluses:-Guys working here were supper nice and helpful. -The bathroom was nice and well kept.  -TV screens-Good music-Nice decorJust visit this place...you won't regret it!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,9/14/2014,195,191,5,6,8>It's dumpy, it's frumpy, it's a total dive, but it's Exactly what you want when looking for just good food....and who cares about the look of the place, when you just wanna grine on some good food right?. (rhetorical)Been here a few times and though I want to try other stuff, I can't help, but to always order something Carnita. Oh how I love their carnitas plate and tacos!  I also have hd their chicken chimichanga- which was good, but I've had better.dBy far their Carnitas reminds me of my early summers vacations to Mexico before heading to Hawaii for some Luau food.. Everytime we drive down to this side of the town, we Always stop for their Carnitas. Delicioso and very Ono!!!!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,9/13/2014,152,243,1,9,5>The BBQ here is delicious and our waiter was very nice.BUT their ordering system is very restrictive.-Everyone at the table must order all you can eat BBQ. I find that really annoying since 3/4 of us wanted BBQ but one person in our party doesn't eat pork or beef... soo that would be a colossal waste of money to force her to order all-you-can-eat to accommodate the rest of us.-If everyone by chance does want all-you-can-eat, you HAVE to finish what you order otherwise they charge you for any meat that's leftover.-They wouldn't add chicken to one of their entrees for us, they don't do any substitutions anywhere for anything.-They have a menu printed and laminated, but some of the dishes are only served during the summer... okay.-Only about half of the tables actually have grills built into them.I ordered the beef bulgogi and it was very good, it was my favorite thing on the table. It was tender and the marinade was spot on. It was annoying that we each had to order a la carte and pay $17-20 per entree due to the fact all four of us were not doing AYCE. BUT there was a ton of food per entree, and none of us left hungry. We also had the Galbee which was good. I would not recommend the pork belly which is not marinated or smoked, so it has little to no flavor. At $17 I would rather buy 2lbs of good bacon.Now that I know how and what to order, I will probably go back at some point.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,9/12/2014,137,174,3,12,13>Woohoo, Protein Bar has finally opened and it is awesome!  I have been counting down the days ever since I started watching them set up shop.  I started looking at the menu weeks ago and planning my first order.  I actually went to bed excited last night knowing I would be going to Protein Bar for lunch today. As soon as it became an acceptable time to eat lunch, I mozied across the street and picked up a Spinach & Pesto Bowl.  The Spinach & Pesto Bowl was great.  It was the perfect portion... Not too small, not too big, just right.  Ingredients were fresh and it left me very satisfied.  The other menu items look awesome as well.  They have smoothies, juices, wraps, bowls, and more.  I will provide an update once I try more (so like next week). A nice perk worth mentioning is that you can order online to avoid long waits.  It wan't crowded at all when I went, granted it was pretty early, but I always like when places offer online ordering.  Based on my experience today, I can't give this place anything less than 5 stars.  I am drinking the Protein Bar kool-aid (or should we say raw juice?) and I want me some more. Overall, I am  super excited Protein Bar has found a spot in my neighborhood.  I look forward to returning and trying more of their offerings.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,9/11/2014,297,159,11,14,14>Where Are All My Denver Filipinos At?! :D Places like Sunburst are seriously lacking in the Denver area! I am so happy to get my Filipino fix finally!! Coming from Hawaii where you can get authentic Filipino food not only at many a restaurant, but probably your best friends family's house I am grateful there is at least one place I can go here :) I recently celebrated my birthday and I knew I had to have me some delicious Pinoy fare. Sunburst Grill reminds me of home. Everything from the decor and furniture and colors that never really match, the worker that is friendly in a way only someone from the Philippines can be, Filipino television with people singing terribly, and the FOOD!!!! I was one happy son of a bitch on my birthday :D We started off with the Shanghai Lumpia as an app with sweet chili sauce. These looked like meat cigarettes the way they were rolled. Very yummy and good for two. I wanted something completely unhealthy for my meal so I went with the Lechon Kawali. It is a fatty pork dish that has crunchy skin and tons of fat. I think more fat than meat, but I was in heaven!!! It also came with garlic rice that would satisfy any garlic lover. Perfect combo but you can not eat this too often or suffer a massive heart attack. At least you'll be happy while eating it :) I was also super excited to get HALO HALO!!!! This Filipino dessert is a perfect way to end your meal. My fav part has always been the ube ice cream and the way it mixes with the shaved ice. So refreshing! This is something very different for dessert and you won't find anything like it in Colorado. It brings back great memories every time I eat it :) I am one happy asian now that I have a local Filipino restaurant to go to! Sunburst Grill seems like it is a place to go for lunch and can get pretty busy. There was only one server while we were there, but he gets to everyone and the food still comes out pretty quickly. Great new place I have discovered! I  will be back maybe for some "chocolate meat" which is not chocolate! It's blood! lol!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,9/10/2014,190,322,9,9,14>It's one of history's greatest debates: Sushi Sasa or Sushi Den? Ugh! I can never decide. #firstworldproblems. You could easily convince me to award the crown of "Denver's Best Sushi" to whichever spot I had my most recent meal at. So for today, the crown goes to Sushi Sasa. (What have you done for me lately, Sushi Den?)The Dragon and Diablo Rolls are always a must. (I could drink shots of the Spicy Ponzu sauce that accompanies the Diablo.) If you're into tempura, be sure to try the pumpkin...very pleasant and interesting.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,9/9/2014,103,577,1,13,17>Yum! I can't wait to dine here again!The hubs & I stopped in one Saturday afternoon about 1:00pm and the place was packed! We somehow managed to nab a table though - hooray! They also serve breakfast all day - double hooray! The hubs ordered a breakfast sandwich with eggs, ham, and brie that was served on a croissant. I ordered the hash with two eggs (I got scrambled), roasted vegetables, potatoes, and arugula. I checked out the decor while waiting for the food and really liked the feel of the farmhouse kitchen chic-ness this place has. I also love that they give you a little block with your initial while you are waiting for your food. I got an H, of course...got to love the small details!I very much enjoyed my meal and thought it was one of the best breakfasts I've had around town in a while. At the price of $8.25 it was a steal and even came with a side of toast & blueberry jam! The only thing that I didn't totally love about the hash was the amount of roasted garlic they had added in with the potatoes/veggies, but I managed to pick around them. No biggie.I am looking forward to trying another breakfast dish, any number of their lunch options, and definitely a dessert next time I swing by! I love that they are open until 10:00pm! This strip of 17th Ave. sure lucks out on their open late dessert spots, huh?
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/8/2014,126,85,7,9,8>Dear coffee, I love you. You are taking regular coffee to new dimensions. Hops infused, bottled cold brew, meticulous pour overs. It's 110° in here right now but I'm staying. You know why? Because there is a flavor explosion of hops and cold caffeine in my mouth right now. Corvus, keep it cold.  Here's my 5 stars.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,9/7/2014,164,180,6,6,10>Once upon a time, there was a hungry girl on a sleepy afternoon. She wandered up to the nearest shelter and opened the door hoping to find something to fill her belly. Upon entering the small cottage, enchanting indie music filled her ears and adorable design cuteness delighted her eyes. Curiosity peaked as she explored the menu written on a board up high. What fine morsels! What lovely nibbles! Do they have lavender lattes? Why yes! "I'd like the turkey sandwich. Do you recommend a side?" she said. The fine bearded gentleman barista recommended, "I'm really liking the cole slaw lately." So she tried the cole slaw. And she was so happy. Her sandwich had soft bread with a light crisp on the crust and elegant fillings that made her tastebuds happy. The cole slaw was the best she ever had in her entire life and the lavender latte she sipped as she skipped down the street was so delightful it brought a smile to her face and she lived happily ever after. The end.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,9/6/2014,15,112,5,9,9>I LOOOVE DOZENS!!!  I hate to even write a good review about them because this is the one hidden gem that isn't crazy packed with a two hour wait every single morning.  But I have to give credit where credit is due.  I have been here when there is a wait, and Pint's Pub across the street is a great place to grab a seat and a cup of coffee or a pre-brunch ale.Yes, the decor is old school - I like to think that it adds to the charm.  Yes, the menu has been the same since I started coming here in 2005.  But I don't know many places that change up a breakfast menu...  and if it ain't broke, don't fix it!  The owner is always there to greet you as you come in and the wait staff has only slightly changed over the years.  It's a place where you feel like part of the Dozen's family.They have easily one of the cleanest breakfasts that you can find in the city.  Meaning, the potatoes, eggs, toast, etc. are not weighed down by a ton of oil and butter.  The "How the West was Won" is by far one of my favorite breakfast dishes of all time.   Once you have it, you will never enjoy biscuits and gravy without the added sausage patty again.  Their pasta salad is my all time favorite pasta salad and I have to order it as a side (even with breakfast) every time I go in because I crave it that much.  I've tried almost everything on the menu and have never left disappointed.  The bloody mary is one of the best in the city (that's a big statement, I know).  And the individual french press coffee is a must for the days that alcohol isn't for breakfast.  I can't even tell you about the english muffins with apple butter (nom nom - mouth watering).  I do have to say that I wish they offered green chili, but that's just me.This is a place that I started coming to with my girlfriends for brunch years ago.  It is great for groups because there are a lot of different options from lighter plates, muffins or scones, to full breakfasts, or lunch.  I've also brought a lot of out of town guests who ask me to take them back the next time they visit.  Dozens is definitely not a "trendy" breakfast place but it is a tried and true delicious brunch restaurant!  It's a quiet place where you can enjoy reading your favorite section of the weekend paper and enjoy yummy food.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/5/2014,102,242,3,12,8>Went to Opus for lunch with a TravelZoo Voucher. Made reservations online and called ahead of time to let them know I would be a little late. No problem and they let me know they have a complimentary parking lot on the side of the restaurant. I loved that since one of my pet peeves is paying for parking and the Cherry Creek area is a pain in finding parking.Were greeted by Chris, the General Manager and our server was Rick. They were both very friendly, helpful and professional.Got a table by the window and we selected wines to go with our meals. We decided on the lunch prix fixe menu which is $25 per person, but was included in the price of our voucher--yea!!I decided on the mixed greens (English peas, white balsamic vinaigrette and radishes). For the main course, the pan seared scallops with beets and tapenade vinaigrette and for dessert, the creme brûlée with passion fruit, berries and meringues.My daughter chose the artichoke bisque with black truffle pearls and artichoke cream (so yummy and creamy!!!), the beef shoulder steak with roasted asparagus, lemon yogurt and peanuts and the lemon tart verrine with vanilla cream, lemon curd and almond shortbread.Everything was extremely well done, well presented and absolutely delicious!! Even without the voucher, this would be a great meal at a very good price!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,9/4/2014,268,175,7,15,17>Originally I discounted the idea of a "fine" dining establishment in an airport, but Root Down DIA has changed my opinion completely.  Root Down has a well established reputation in Denver's LoHi neighborhood for delivering creative food and beverage combinations, relaxed and knowledgeable service, in an energy filled, artistic space.  Risking that reputation with an airport outpost takes some moxie. I don't often have time to enjoy a sit down meal at the airport, but on a recent Sunday I arrived way too early for my morning flight and as I was heading to my gate in the C Concourse I thought why the heck not try Root Down.  I enjoyed my chorizo omelette very much and it left me satisfied without feeling too full.  The omelette was filled with mildly spicy chorizo and was topped with candied jalapenos; served alongside were a variety of colorful fried potatoes.  The breakfast menu, although limited, provides enough options to keep all types of diners happy.  The full menu is also available during breakfast hours as well so if you feel like a sandwich or something more substantial Root Down will accommodate.What impressed me most about the restaurant was the service.  I'm one of those clock-watcher people when it comes to travelling - I always need to know to the minute how long each phase of my airport experience is going to take: travel time to the airport, parking, security line, getting to the gate, morning coffee procurement, all have budgeted time frames with little room for variance in my twice weekly  "As Good As it Gets" OCD airport routine. The team at Root Down DIA ensured that I would not have to worry about rushing to my gate, OJ style (the old school version), shoveling my food down without tasting each bite, or having that second cup of coffee.  The hostess at the front desk and my server both asked how much time I had before my departure and the kitchen delivered my meal in less than seven minutes.  All this timeliness was accomplished without me feeling rushed. Very impressive. The logistics of opening and operating multiple restaurants, especially at an airport locale, are daunting; from finding a qualified team to designing an engaging space, operating this type of restaurant usually leads to disappointment from your loyal customer base. Root Down at DIA definitely exceeded my expectations and delivered not only a good meal, but did so with aplomb.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,9/3/2014,217,97,21,13,12>I don't know what I was thinking.   I probably wasn't.Mt. Bierstadt is considered a relatively easy fourteener.  For those of you who don't know what a fourteener is- A 14er is a mountain whose summit is higher than 14,000 feet. Colorado has quite a few of them and we Coloradans love to tackle them. The hike starts at about 11700 feet.  I saw some big horn sheep right outside the parking lot. When we exited the car, I should have known I was in trouble.  Hell, even the public restroom was full of snow.  The views were spectacular.  The path seemed daunting.  I was wearing a pair of shorts and a t shirt.  I also had one sweatshirt in my bag.  One would assume that in June this is enough for most hikes.   Not in Colorado on a 14er.  Assumptions are bad and I should feel bad.The first 100 yards were all snow. This is when I should have figured out... "Hey Marc....  you big dummy... this is off to a rough start.   Maybe come back in a few weeks when you have the right equipment and clothes"   Did I listen to my internal voice?  NOO!   Why?  Because I think of myself as pretty awesome and able to deal with most anything.Next came the mud.  The mud was everywhere and thick.  It being an unusually wet spring, the trail had become a small creek.  I am pretty sure I saw a bear pull a salmon out of the trail.   My non waterproofed shoes did not fair well.  I straddled the trail a lot and eventually took to leaping from side to side, as if I were on some ninja based reality show.  Regardless of my mad skills and jumping techniques, the mud and water  saturated my shoes and socks. The further we got up the mountain, the dryer the trail got, save for some patches of snow and ice.   I looked forward for the for the strips of trail where the mud was just barely noticeable and not the kind that would devour my foot entirely.   Did I mention the views were simply breath taking?Somewhere near the summit, we REALLY realized just how unprepared we really were.   Snow pelted our faces, wind froze our fingers,  and lightning made me glad for my spare under garments. Snow in the middle of June is awesome! Especially when you are stuck on a 14er in shorts and wet shoes and soiled underwear. Thank goodness we turned around, because we were absolutely soaked and frozen by the time we were done. Everything was pruney and unhappy.  Literally everything.  We slid down half the mountain and got back to our cars to turn on the heat and thaw the Marc-sicle. Overall a fantastic hike, but cold and with poor planning!Please be prepared and bring a camera!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,9/2/2014,389,548,12,11,14>The lunch special here is awesome and service is quick for a weekday lunch.  I've had issues with parking in this shopping center before, but luckily Parry's is on the side with lots of parking (versus the side with Rice Bistro).For only $6.99, you get a personal cheese pizza and a beer from their list of about five offerings during lunchtime and the pizza comes out pretty quickly.  I had a decent wheat beer (forget who made it) and added crispy eggplant and basil (like Jesse H) for like $1.50 more.  The pizza would have been a perfect size sans beer, but I managed to squeeze an after work snack out of the meal by taking home half.  If you're a pizza snob, the pizza probably won't blow your mind but it's like $2-3 after you take out the cost of a typical craft beer (~$5).  It's really pretty decent and they have good toppings to add.Parry's is also known for being a good spot for craft beer so I imagine this place would be good for a DTC Happy Hour (hint hint).
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,9/1/2014,809,1185,13,16,13>Hold the phone - another burger joint in the Creek - yes please!Burgers are a favorite of mine, probably because I like all the toppings I can add, it's the same reason I'm crazy about salads, it's the toppings!  Bad Daddy's does not disappoint.  On this afternoon we were feeling a bit crazy and went a little overboard with ordering.  Buffalo Wings ($8) - Very solid wings with a good buffalo heat and cooked through while still remaining super juicy on the inside.  I was hoping for a little bit of a crispier skin but that's a small gripe.Pittsburgher ($11) - This was a ginormous burger and had everything I wanted, American cheese, spicy garlic ketchup, lettuce, tomato, onion, and shoestring fries.  The beef patty is flavorful and the house made condiments are all delicious.  I thought the beef patty was a smidgen overcooked, I didn't mention it to the manager that came by since it was minor, but I hope the temperature improves on my future visit.  I couldn't finish the entire thing without exploding so I ended up leaving with a small to go box.Bad Ass Burger ($13) - I didn't really try this but I did try a little bit of the buttermilk fried bacon and that's definitely something different.  Not my slice of bacon, I mean I love fried items but fried bacon in a batter is not my style, I prefer virgin bacon.  If you're starving, like walked across a desert and haven't eaten in five days, this is the burger for you.  Tots - Hell ya!  Add some Bad Daddy sauce and I'm good to go.  Take a look at the pic, I literally had a bowl of tots!Sweet Potato Fries - Very tasty sweet potato fries, although I'm more of a tots gal.Housemade Bacon Mayo - Now that's an idea - and a genius one!The atmosphere is fun, and they have small patio in the front that also wraps around the side of the building.  They are definitely catering to the families in the neighborhood and on the weekend you will be surrounded by children.Here are a couple tidbits to help entice you to come, if the word "burger" wasn't enough:-Did you know they served breakfast?  -Burger prices include a choice of side-Salads look amazing and you can create a large salad with 7 toppings for $9-Ten different choices for cheese -wha?-Shrimp burger anyone?  That sounds fun!I had doubts about another burger joint in the Creek, how many can a neighborhood really have.  I now believe the Cricket and Bad Daddy's can coexist in the Creek together and will keep our tummy's full with tasty burgers for years to come.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,8/31/2014,245,483,1,9,11>The chop shop really does an outstanding job of taking the boring and bland world of fast casual and repurposes into a fun and exciting meal without all of the pretensions of a white table cloth dinner.  The plates are diverse, flavorful, colorful, and exciting, while the atmosphere is simply laid back yet nicely crafted.  The signature dish, the 48 hour braised short ribs is simply incredible - tender, savory, and full of vibrant flavor and textures.  The french fries are already some of my favorite in town and the array of nicely prepared vegetables roasted carrots and green been/wakame medley are a pleasant surprise since many restaurants don't get into the veggie turf.  Oh, did I mention the natural soda selection is awesome!  Try the mango soda if you are a fan jarritos.  I'm excited to come back and try the salads and sandwiches.  What a fantastic addition to the 'fax!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,8/30/2014,403,86,2,12,9>There's a reason that many very wealthy and yes slightly stuffy people are frequenting this star of Denver cuisine... If you have a demand for flawless service. I mean perfect service then Barolo will exceed your already other worldly needs for what a dining experience should look, feel, and taste like. Are they the perfect picture of modern food trends? No. They are the perfect picture of a service and quality focused restaurant where the dining experience is second to none. Upon walking in my girlfriend and I who are in our 30s and truly demand quality in all aspects of our life, without acting like spoiled aristocrats were pleasantly greeted and shown to our reserved table. Moments later we had water, menus, and were made to feel welcomed. This was an ordinary night for us. No special occasion no grand celebration. For us this is how we choose to enjoy a Friday night out together.  And enjoy is an understatement for how we experienced our night!Our server named Chris who is a level one Sommelier took the lead on helping us discover a new Italian wine. While he could have sold us a several hundred dollar bottle from the wine catalogue, he brought a very fair priced Super Tuscan. It was remarkable. While it could have used a slight chill, we drank every last drop with glee. Going back to Chris-- he was charming, kind, and a wonderful guide through our entire 2+ hour dining oasis of flavor and enjoyment. This was this finest service we have experienced in the Denver area by far! This is an example of what extraordinary service should look like. Take notes restaurant owners and chefs...When we walked in the door we immediately noticed huge flower arrangements throughout the dining room. I love fresh cut flowers and I think this is a brilliant and tasteful addition to an already classy and warm dining room. I haven't even mentioned food yet and my heart is racing with excitement I feel even just writing this review...Here's a fair critique that they could improve on. The bread sticks and dipping sauce are so 1990's and a restaurant of this level could serve artisan bread and fine olive oil with flaked sea salt and the guests would drool from moment one. In this day and age serving standard table salt on any table should be stricken and removed from practice. Now that I have that out of the way, allow me to rave and I mean RAVE over the food coming out of that star worthy kitchen. Not only did the food come out looking like a photographic tease, it was quick even on a busy night, and the tastes were exemplary in every way. Rather than go for the chefs tasting we opted to create our own food adventure and from the first bite of the asparagus with perfectly cooked egg and yummy goodness we were in our own perfect foodie paradise. Imagine going to a farmers market and selecting the most beautiful ingredients to cool for your dinner guests-- this is how we felt looking and tasting our dishes. The next course was a delightful salad full of shaved veggies and was just perfectly dressed. When we were presented with a gluten free pasta version of bolognese it was nearly a fight to stab our forks into the bowl as we couldn't believe the tastes we were experiencing. It was surreal. Our mains were the Halibut and Duck. Let me just say that this was a dead man walking to die for meal every sense, taste, and mouthful of perfectly cooked food. The plates were gorgeous, the balance of flavors sang out loud, and the meats were exquisite in taste and preparation. Last we were given a trio of homemade sorbets that were the closing grace on an incredible and very memorable meal. Again this is not a place to go for a dinner, it is an experience to have to savor and to enjoy. My truest compliments to the entire crew for a memorable first glimpse of what this kitchen and dining room has to offer guests with a taste and demand for culinary excellence. Please trust me when I say leave the children home, carve out 2+ hours, and treat yourself to some of the finest service and dining bliss available in Denver. I can't wait to go again!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/29/2014,63,92,2,14,9>I miss this place! When my boyfriend used to live in Sloan's Lake area we would pop in here all the time! It only takes a few visits to really appreciate the neighborhood feel, food, thoughtful cocktails and beer.Providence is a great balance between local casual bar and modern American style. It feels clean, welcoming, friendly and yet like you've been there a thousand times. Tons of huge windows and views all around the street. Some TVs for watching games - but not a sports centered bar.This bar works in all seasons. It's warm and cozy in the colder months and the back patio area (our favorite) sheds it's skin when the temps rise. And after several visits we love coming for happy hour. Great beer selection with a focus on craft brews and cocktails. The food is affordable, tasty, and filling. The brat is nice with a good portion of sauce and the pretzel is very warm and delish. I've also sampled some flatbreads and salads, all of which have been great.Make time to come check this place out!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/28/2014,58,139,11,8,8>When someone calls a sub the "Fat Jack" and charges the most for it, you would hope that the sub is...har, pardon, but....substantial.  I ordered one to find out, and I can report back that it was delicious. I think my only complaint would be that with the heavy amounts of meat and cheese, maybe use a bigger bun?  This thing looks like a meat torpedo. (That's what she said)I live right across the street, so I'm sure I'll be trying out other menu items soon. Despite an original glitch involving some human error on their part, the resolution was swift and the customer service was fantastic.  Mistakes happen, and it's just as important to appreciate how the mistake is handled as it is to dote on the mistake, itself.If you're hungry, hungover or stoned, definitely check out the Fat Jack sub (you pick 3 meats and 2 cheeses).  The salami is fantastic.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/27/2014,57,204,6,10,10>We went to Work & Class again last night. I think this is one of, if not my favorite restaurant in Denver. This time I ordered the Rosemary Chicken, plantains, and a biscuit. The chicken was so moist and delicious. These plantains may be my favorite plantains dish. They're served with a creamy chipotle sauce, which compliments with grilled sweetness of the plantains so well. The biscuit is warm and it falls apart while you eat it. For dessert, I ordered the strawberry rhubarb cobbler. This was warm and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. It was delicious, although possibly a little too sweet for my liking, but I'm very picky about desserts.The service, as before, was outstanding. Your needs are fully attended to the entire night, despite the fact that they're busy on a regular basis. Yes, there is a wait, but for a party of two, I think we only waited 30 minutes, which really isn't bad compared to other high-end restaurants such as Root Down and Linger. And they offer a $4 "wait cocktail" - this is a specialty cocktail that changes on a daily basis. It's sold for a bargain price of $4 as an offering for the wait.Check. This. Place. Out! Or don't... More for me!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/26/2014,155,280,5,9,7>Loved the vibe from this place the second I walked in.Gorgeous, unfinished "Beetle Kill" pine planks hang from the back wall like artwork forming a cabin-like atmosphere. Old wine barrels used to age their previous batches are scattered, as make shift tables, which blend perfectly with ample wood topped high back tables and the stainless steel bar top.Bonus,about fifty additional seats outside on the patio.OK, what's this place about? Four Noses? Well, I met one of the Four Noses, "baby schnoz" (Tom Bibliowicz) I believe. Owned with his Mom, Dad and brother.Four Noses has a passion for brewing two styles of brews..Tom likes the laid-back California "hop forward" and his brewing partner (from Bricktown of NY) Charles Noll (I remembered that name for Chuck Noll), prefers traditional styles.It's a match made in beer dreamland, like the Imperial Stout made with vanilla beans and DazBog coffee. The taster comes loaded with eight (4oz) beers and you can get nine with a side-car of the Cask-Style. I like the fact Tom(my) wants to engage in a variety of experimental beers and he even talked about a sour in the future. Food comes via a great Food Truck Rotation.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,8/25/2014,111,186,3,11,10>I've managed to miss happy hour and the 1/2 priced bottle Wednesdays every time I've visited, which is highly unusual for me. So the fact that I come here so often without HH should be some sort of evidence of how much I enjoy the Oven. It's small and casual and I can't wait until I can start using their patio. The service is always reliable and the food comes out of the oven hot and fresh. I recommend sitting at the bar or the stools in front of the oven at least once, just to give you some appreciation of how your future pizza came into existence. The number one reason why I come here so often is the Crazy Good Mozzarella. The name is a bit presumptuous, but they really did nail it. Any of the servers will recommend the best way to eat it - take the bowl of hot mozza drowning in olive oil and dump it out on the plate, slice, and dig in. Once you've tasted it with the focaccia, you'll know why they call it the Crazy Good Mozzarella. The pizzas are pretty solid. Sometimes we're adventurous and get the Gilbert special, but call me plain, I think in the end I just like a good old fashioned Margherite. Also, I think this is one of the first places I learned that you can take a bottle home with you. So there's no pressure to chug my wine. Finally, if you're better at saving room for dessert than I am, see if you can order the house made doughnut. It looks amazing and I probably see a half a dozen ordered every time I'm there!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,8/24/2014,220,1215,4,12,9>I love the great outdoors! This park has alot going for it - 30 minutes from denver, ruins of building from the early 1900's, well defined trails! Woot!There are a couple trails designated hiker only.It is a heck of a work out from the eastern parking lot - all up, and up and up for 3 miles...The views - woah! Depending what oyu like to see when you hike, i found it cool to be able to still see denver for a bit, and red rocks in all it's glory and then the snow capped rockies on the other side!But it also had a lot, not going for it:Parking lot is very smallThere are a ton of bikers, so go off seasonThere is repetitively little shade, like noneIt is a heck of workout from the eastern parking lot - all up, and up and up for 3 miles  (yes, it's a good and a bad, ask my glutes and calves this morning!)I liked the feeling of a good workout and the views! Definitely glad i went but i double i'll get hubby back to do the Castle Trail again, maybe the summit from the western parking lot?
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/23/2014,48,473,7,13,7>I finally built up the courage to visit this studio for a Zumba class and my mind is a little fuzzy in my after class exhaustion but that is a good thing. The establishment is located in a plaza that can get busy during peak evening hours, mainly, due to the daycare centers. My suggestion is to always turn right out of the plaza and go to the Parker Rd light during those times. It's less of a headache in the long run.Within the facility, there is an office or two, bathrooms, and a cubby area for belongings. The studio itself is nice. It's a medium-sized room with two walls occupied by full-length mirrors and a window respectively. It's comfortable right now (only referring to Zumba) but I can see the need for an additional Zumba time each day, in the near future, if more bodies show up & decide to become regulars.The class was lead by Keith, the owner of the studio and it was high energy. Keith is engaging, full of stamina, entertaining, and an interactive instructor. He can use an assistant to help him juggle various tasks in between classes (i.e. greeting, punching cards, questions, liability release, etc) but he manages. The playlist was non-stop, the music had great rhythm, beats, and sound (thanks to his new subwoofer:)), and the class was full.The class schedule seems to be organized well, offering one of each class available, at least, once a day including weekends. The class times were recently adjusted but seem to work well for most 9 to 5ers.He also has several trial and/or discount offers out there.I look forward to continuing the Zumba classes lead by Keith and the other instructors and eventually working into the other classes available. The studio is also offering virtual classes now so I'm excited to experience that.Now I'm going to moisten this rattle in my chest & nurse my sore, dancing feet but you can soon look for my cameo in Step Up XIV, thanks to Let's Do This!!!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,8/22/2014,158,145,7,9,13>These guys just opened down the street from my office and I was really excited to have a local business to support instead of "rhymes with CarTrucks."  Turns out their coffee is really good.  They have two different Coda (also local) brews for their drip coffee.  A house blend and a cinnamon-flavored blend.  Both are great.The folks working the counter are all really nice in the morning, and Ryan, the manager, knows me by name and greats me every morning.  It's the small things that can make a morning go from ok to great and a friendly greeting and a mini-duffeyroll both do the trick!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/21/2014,226,218,4,12,8>From start to finish, Beast + Bottle was a five-star experience.We arrived a little late for our 6:45 reservation (we called to let them know) and were warmly greeted and showed to our table at about five minutes to seven.Our waitress was super nice, informative and helpful - she let us know about the chef's tasting menu and the wine paring menu - both were an awesome value ($44 for the tasting menu + $20 if you wanted the wine). We all did the tasting menu, and two of us paired it with wine. The way the menu is broken down apps and small plates are on top and entrees are on the bottom. You pick one from the top, one from the bottom and then a dessert. Easy peasy. And super yummy.I started with the Bangs Island mussels - they were large, plump and wonderfully cooked. Then there's like a little "intermission" where they bring you some wonderful gnocchi (also paired with wine). After that, it was time for entrees. The pappardelle  (braised shoulder + belly ragú, ricotta, meyer lemon oil, arugula) was AMAZING. Rich and filling - I could barely finish half. And just when I thought it was impossible to eat more or have a happier tummy, dessert came! I went with the black walnut turnover with goat cheese mousse, rooftop honey and carrot-orange sorbet. It was one of the best desserts I've ever had. All of the ingredients just "fit" and it was that perfect combination of warm, sweet, but not too sweet.Service was spot on - we never waited or wanted for anything. And the food - ALL the food - was spectacular. I don't dole out the 5-star reviews all that often, but with a meal and service like we experienced at B+B, they deserve it.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,8/20/2014,174,249,8,9,12>I have been going to Andee for over half a decade (WHOA!) and can attest that she is as good as it gets people! She listens to my needs and wants about how I like my hair and head, and then uses her Michelangelo skill set to perfect my head into a perfect masterpiece each and every month! My only complaint is that I can never quite perfect my hair styling to hers for days preceding (although for the past five years she teaches me something new about my hair and how to tame the unruly beast!). In addition, her partner in crime Shanette is also as good as it gets! I've seen some of the masterpieces that Shanette cooks up in the chair next to me that puts any Top Model fancy hairstyle to shame! (and I'm not even talking about her gourmet cooking abilities! - don't get me started on the crazy food concoctions I've seen come out for lunchtime!)Due to their continued awesomeness and success, they outgrew their old home and needed a bigger space, which now includes lots of natural light and comes complete with beds you can lay down in to get your hair washed! I KNOW!!!!!!So with that being said, if you are looking for some of the best and brightest cutters and stylists in the known universe - you are lucky to have stumbled across this review pointing you straight to haircut awesomeness!!! You can thank me later!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,8/19/2014,242,830,4,6,9>If sketchy and kinda weird-looking kept me out of Asian places on Federal, I'd never have discovered half (okay, most) of my favorite Asian places on Federal.  So.This Lollicup is next to one of my go-to Banh-Mi joints, and around the corner from my favorite Dim Sum.  I ain't afraid of no strip mall!The couple that runs Lollicup were so friendly my first visit, the gentleman even managed not to laugh at me when I couldn't figure out that you just "Pop" the pointy end of the straw through anywhere on their neat, sealed-after-they-make-your-drink, lid of the cup.Their Vietnamese Coffee Boba was fantastic.  Rich and creamy with Sweetened Condensed Milk and fresh Boba... Yes, please.I also watched the lady behind the counter make my Strawberry-Banana Boba... With fresh Strawberries and fresh Bananas.  Prices are actually a little cheaper than nearby places with Boba... $4 for the large Vietnamese Coffee suits me just fine!Can't wait to try some of the more exotic flavors, but it's tough to pull me away from that caffeine!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,8/18/2014,711,309,6,8,9>Leader of Colorado micro brewery with consistent offering of quality brews with quality control.  No such thing as "ran out". After consuming 1/2 pint of double IPA at 9.0% and 90 IBU, started to feel good about everthing and desire to buy round for the dozen or so crowd on slow Wednesday afternoon.Free pop corn and plenty of water to keep you in control.   Love the idea of getting a pint or two and enjoying what life has dealt you. Choice of sitting at the bar, or at the patio or high tables. None of those loud drunks allowed.  :)  you can even get 10 oz for buck or two off.  Grower optometrist and canned beer ready for take out,  to go or carry out for consumption at off sites. Get your fav at the pour station or have a seat and bartender will make a round.  Did I miss anything? El Guapo lager and dozen other brews are at $4 pint and $10 for growler.  For those hoppy heads like me, pay bit more for the hops.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/17/2014,18,76,5,10,7>So I have one check in, but the reality is that I come here at least a few times a month.  I have no idea how I haven't reviewed this place until now. This is one of my very favorite restaurants, period. Everything is homemade in house and incredibly delicious. The servers are always kind and accommodating. I generally go for lunch, because I like the cheaper lunch specials. I always get the chicken kabob. At lunch that means one chicken kabob with onions, bell peppers, and delicious chicken pieces served with basmati rice (seriously, how do they make rice so good???) cucumber/tomato/onion salad and (drum roll) the garlic aioli (technically called thume.) THE GARLIC AIOLI WILL BLOW YOUR MIND AND CHANGE YOUR LIFE...All of those things are incredible and I also recommend getting pita bread because it is warm and awesome. Now I have to go there tomorrow because I'm craving it like crazy.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/16/2014,134,197,3,13,8>Brand spanking new brewery! Opening tomorrow, but I got a sneak peak today. It's hidden in an industrial area, but once you find it be ready for some tasty beers! To start they have five beers on tap: South Island Wit - a very light white beerStubborn Monk Belgian Dubbel - Flavorful & toasty (one of my favorites!)Empty Trophy Case Pale - if you love hoppy beer you will love thisRappellin' Down Brown Ale - creamy and yum Helluva Caucasian Stout - like a creamy, peanut butter, dark beer dream (one of my favs) Also they have them on nitro too!The taproom is industrial & bright & roomy with a cool sports theme that is fitting for Colorado with decorative elements of skis and snowboards. Also, ladies, hooks for your purse! And they are dog friendly! You'll meet Otto, the brewery dog mascot, who is a super sweet doggy. Also, the owners are super friendly and cool and happy to talk shop about beer.Anyways, if you are near Highlands Ranch or Littleton and need some beer there is no excuse not to make your way to this new little gem. Get on it!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,8/15/2014,306,1103,6,12,13>Awesome spot for brunch! I'm a skeptic of the d-baggery that goes down in LoDo but figured brunch would be a safe bet and damn straight, I was right! LoDo was actually quite tolerable in the daylight!So check it out, they serve brunch from 10am-3pm and be sure to get there early because it gets packed in the dining area, bar area and outside. Poor server was the only one there so service was slower than normal but we had hot coffee and Man-Mosas to drink so that helped time go by quickly. Our server was awesome, quick, attentive, funny and helpful, even if he was in the weeds. We had a couple of youngins with us and I was surprised to see they had high chairs and crayons, so props for being kid friendly!All of our food was great, I'm a bit confused by the theme of Jimmy's but whatever it is, they need to keep doing it. They had some southern flair dishes like crawfish boil scramble boil and Memphis Benedict along with Greek items like my Green Eggs and Lamb--croissant packed with gyro meat, egg, pesto and goat cheese. It was heavenly and cannot recommend it enough, it hit the spot and kept me full well until dinner time--that's what I'm talking about!Yes, this place is awesome. If you're a skeptic about LoDo like me, take a chance, you never know what places may surprise you.....
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/14/2014,154,252,10,8,9>Can we first acknowledge that there are less douchebags here than the downtown location?  Sorry LoDo, sometimes I am not a fan of yours, although sometimes you're okay.  I am much more akin to Cap Hill.Now...I am a competitive person.  No matter the game.  I will make jokes about yo mama, no matter how nice you think she is.  I will call her the dirtiest names I can think of (maybe even the C Word.  Sorry dude, but I play to win, and if you're beating me?  Oh, game on).  I will taunt you.  I will make you feel like the most inadequate peon on the face of the earth if I am losing.  I'm sorry, I like to win and I like to get my way.  I'm an only child.  But if you can match my competitiveness, bring it.  Even if I suck, I acknowledge it (silently) and then go on my merry way.That being said, there a lot of pinball tables here, and I love to play pinball. Although the machines are kind of smushed in like sardines, but I can dig it.  You trying to play against someone, and you end up standing in front of another table that someone wants to play on.  Oh well, get over it.  Come at me, bro, and try to step to my skee ball game.  Bring it.My newest discovery is that four person Ms. Pac Man is a great way to meet new people.  The only way to play is with four people.  Maybe three, but never two. And hey, now there's a venue!  Pretty badass.The Cap hill version has its own charm, and I think it's getting better and better.  It still needs some work, but at least no LoDo douchebags are trying to grind up on me while trying to buy me a cheap drink with their parents' allowance.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,8/13/2014,84,209,11,10,7>I came here years ago when they first opened and didn't think much of this place. Apparently since then they have changed owners and had time to revamp their menu.  Pretty cool concept, one side you have Cajun dishes, flip the menu over and the other side you have a Vietnamese selection to choose from.  I opted to just order from the Cajun side seeing how I've been eating Vietnamese cuisine my entire life.  The crawfish here is good!  Surpasses Yabby Hut in my opinion. The market price for crawfish is absurd though!  Almost $11 a pound!!!!!!! Is there like a shortage on crawfish?  A bloody gang related turf war with the crawfish cartels down in Nawleans or something?  I think if you come here with the expectation of getting full, then you're going to have to shell out a lot of money...but if you want to have a few beers and nibble on some food, it's great!   Couple of pounds should do...the fried alligator was good. Frog legs were ok. Extra crispy Cajun wings were scaldingly hot but good and crispy.  Crawfish étouffée was eh, just ok.  Small portions and somewhat pricey, but probably the best crawfish joint in Colorado.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,8/12/2014,36,52,2,11,8>Frank bonanno is at it again... his 11th denver restaurant, salt and grinder, just opened in the highland neighborhood and the line out the door has been a staple since last week. After stopping in for a casual lunch on saturday, I too have become a major fan who is already planning my next trip back.This new jersey-style deli has a serious obsession with its bread, sourcing their grinder rolls from grateful bread co. in golden who spent months tweaking their recipe until it was reminiscent of bonanno's childhood. The slightly chewy and a little bit crusty rolls are the vehicle and base to about a dozen sandwiches, all of which are piled high with premium ingredients and fresh produce. I loved the italian meats and flavors on the frankie, ham, provolone, prosciutto, coppa, fresh burrata and arugula. Also worth noting is the tigs which was filled with salty prosciutto, ham, provolone, roasted peppers, lettuce, tomato and a red wine vinaigrette. The freshness and flavors were spot on bite after bite on both of these tasty choices.But if you ask me, the true star of salt and grinder's menu is the sausage sandwich. Fresh pulled mozzarella is layered between tender pork sausage (you know the kind that has that perfect amount of spice but does not takeover your taste buds) and topped with a bright marinara sauce that soaks into the grinder roll just enough to make it pliable and easy to eat. Do not bother with a knife and fork, just grab a hold and dig in! Before you know it, your sandwich will be nearly gone and you will be wishing you had just a bit more marinara to dip your last couple of bites of bread in. Seriously, it was so good! There is some serious hype around salt and grinder so yes, you will probably wait in a small line to order but this time gives patrons a chance to peruse the menu, pick out a side dish (there are 6 to choose from but my favorite was the cucumber salad) and enjoy the bustle of the neighborhood. I highly doubt you can go wrong with any item on the menu but I have to say, the sausage sandwich is where its at.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,8/11/2014,452,518,4,7,5>Great coffee shop with a good amount of indoor tables, booths and seating. You are obliged to share the booth you are in if they are busy and you have space -- which I think is great. The baristas are friendly and engaging and sure do whip up some excellent coffee drinks. I enjoy the mocha and the cappuccino. Parking is somewhat limited as it's right on Broadway, but it's usually not too hard to find a spot. When I'm in the area, I always stop in. You should too.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,8/10/2014,476,701,10,12,9>I went in expecting the worst (judging by the low star count and the fact that we came once when it was still Heaven Star for dinner (and it sucked compared to their dim sum at the time) but was with a dozen of my Chinese in-laws from CA and I have to believe that helped. As I walked through the 4 or 5 tables of caucasian diners my fear intensified. Sweet and sour, chow mein, fried rice, and lo-mein abounded. We ordered a banquet style meal that included 5 standard dishes and then you get to pick five. We started with the jellyfish, pig ear, seaweed, and other delicacies appetizer. We then had a seafood soup, hamui (stinky fish) fried rice, a great in house made tofu with veggies dish, seafood hot pot, roast duck, cold boiled chicken (a very trad Chinese dish served with garlic oil), beef and snow peas (skip this dish), lobster in ginger green onion sauce, whole steamed fish, and chicken with lo choy and with the included tapioca dessert soup. All in all it was a pretty damn good meal. I won't hesitate to go back but hopefully with the in-laws in tow.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/9/2014,283,191,4,9,7>This is a fabulous little winery that offers amazing Colorado wine. I have not ever had wine made in Colorado that tasted so smooth. It is similar to some of my favorite European varieties. It is a little more expensive, but worth every cent. The tasting room is a great size and offers a wonderful experience. The owner and her employees are so generous and kind. I have been to many tastings and this has been one of my favorites. There are two other wineries to visit next door, but this was one of my favorites. This is a must if you like trying new wines and are interested in fabulous Colorado wine.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,8/8/2014,137,262,9,12,12>Solid 5 stars for the dairy-free/vegan donuts! My last G & C doughnut was at the very last City Park Farmer's Market. I still remember the day...warm and sunny, with the delicious smell of doughnuts cooking in the air. I ordered a vegan yeast-raised donut with a vanilla almond milk glaze topped with poached pears, white wine and a vanilla and pear reduction It was mind-blowing. I really, really love donuts and have had such a hard time with my recent lactose issues. This donut gave me all of the satisfaction of a regular donut. I am not kidding when I say that I talked about it for days and STILL think about it half a year later. I took a picture of the menu that last day of the market that I will upload. I love that they offered a breast cancer awareness donut! Three enthusiastic cheers for Glazed and Confused. I cannot wait for the Farmer's Market to start again so I can recklessly self-indulge in their yumminess!P.S. They are supposed to be opening a shop soon just down from Las Tortas. Two of my favorites in the same strip mall = Happy Lindsey!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2013,8/7/2014,163,177,6,11,9>This is a 3.5 star review.The hubby and I haven't been here in years so we invited some friends to join us for dinner last night.  The decor hasn't changed at all and is still warm and inviting with a Colorado rustic ambience and lots of interesting things to look at.One member of our party was trapped in that epic traffic jam on eastbound I-70 and didn't get there until an hour after we were seated.  But it was cool, because our waiter brought our appetizers and kept us well-hydrated until she arrived.  And speaking of the appetizers.  We ordered the "buffalo eggs" which were pickled quail eggs wrapped in buffalo sausage and served with some sort of raspberry dipping sauce.  I don't know what it's supposed to taste like, so I'll withhold judgement, but let's just say the consensus at the table was that they were "interesting."  We also had the hand-mashed guacamole and chips.  The guac was fresh, had chunks of tomatillos and a decent amount of spice.Our 3 guests had never been to the Fort before, but they all enjoyed their entrees.  I had the buffalo sirloin medallions and they were delicious and cooked perfectly but the mashed potatoes they were served on were ICE COLD!  When I brought it to our waiter's attention, he immediately went back to the kitchen to put in a new order for HOT potatoes and comped one of my glasses of wine.  Classy!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,8/6/2014,248,189,4,11,8>This place is absolutely adorable and the food/drinks are delicious. Great place to bring a good friend or a date. Some of my suggestions:1) GET A MOJITO PITCHERBecause where else are you going to get a mojito pitcher? And because it's delicious. Just don't plan to drive if you drink half of it.2) ORDER THE PORK SHOULDERSlow-roasted, tender, delicious pork -- oh how I still dream about you at night.3) ENJOY THE ATMOSPHEREThis place looks like two cute little houses connected by a little corridor. The inside is filled with small wooden tables and smiling people. Cozy, cute, and lovely.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,8/5/2014,74,118,4,9,7>Hooray for loads of smiles on a freezing cold day! I wandered into Shangri-La after another coffee joint I frequent in this hood closed early. I walked in and was determined to be unimpressed. I have "my place" already and this was going to be second best no matter what...Except that it wasn't. Yes, it is small, but the coziness factor is huge. The crew working when I wandered in were so friendly I wanted to hang out longer just to soak up some happy. They served me tea in an extra large, vintage, unique mug that I wanted to steal, and their baked goods made me wish I hadn't already eaten.I like this place, enough to take a detour the next time I find myself wandering to my other, now less favorite, coffee shop.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,8/4/2014,77,244,4,10,9>It's not often I give five stars and have suggestions for improvement but here we go!I love this place. Most importantly, I love the food, it's super delicious and made with mostly (if not all) local and organic ingredients. I love the passion of the owner who is a one man show, cooking everything from scratch, running the register, and proudly sharing where is greens come from and his plans for the summer menu. I love that the online menu is clearly labeled with what's vegan, vegetarian and gluten free.This is a new business, and as it takes hold in the neighborhood, I'd suggest the first employee be a dishwasher (and a switch to real dishes so he has something to do). I know the concept is more diner/cafe, but a just a touch more ambiance wouldn't hurt. Lighting, for one thing, and maybe a less temporary looking counter. Oh! And a biscuit warmer. Because those are delicious, but they'd be amazing served warm.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/3/2014,336,514,3,9,6>I'm a fan of all things outdoors.So when my friend invited us for a day on his speed boat, it was hard to say no!- Super big, inviting space, with lots of beach space, room for camping and lots more :)- Only $8 per car for a day pass, which can easily be avoided with carpooling!-Perfect spot for any gatheringRemember though:- The boat lines can get extremely long on the weekends [we waited for an hour + to launch the boat!]Other than that, you're good :)
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,8/2/2014,11,66,2,11,7>I'm an old timer with Yak and Yeti - have been going to the Westminster location for years and have been to this Arvada Brewpub location a number of times as well. Since I keep going back, you wouldn't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out that I like it. Yak and Yeti features Indian-Nepalese food and has some Tibetan dishes on the menu as well. I've always had the buffet at both locations - buffet is available for both lunch and dinner in Westminster, but lunch only in Arvada (I think). The Arvada venue is a lovely old Victorian house built in the late 1800s. The dining areas are small as they're rooms in the original house. I have no experience with the brewpub side of the business, so will leave that to others to discuss. The food quality is good, even on the buffet, although understandably they tend to choose more "neutral dishes" on the buffet to accommodate a broader range of tastes, including those that don't appreciate the vivid spice and intense heat of many classic Indian dishes. My favorite for Indian food in the Denver area is still the Jewel of India (104th and Federal), but Yak and Yeti isn't far behind. I can't speak for the Tibetan food at Yak and Yeti - I like the Tibetan dishes a lot (Thukpa especially) at the Sherpa House in Golden, so I need to try it some time at Yak and Yeti and compare. Others have commented on service. Our service has always been attentive. I sense that it isn't a part of Himalayan culture to be back-slapping, glad-handing effusive in ways that we're comfortable in middle America, but our servers have always been gracious and polite.Food quality is comparable in both Yak and Yeti locations, but the ambiance in Arvada is much more interesting. If you haven't tried Yak and Yeti, you should, especially the Arvada Brewpub location. We all have our favorites and Yak and Yeti may not end up being yours for Indian food, but I think you will still find the food, service, value and ambiance to be to your liking.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,8/1/2014,133,398,6,15,12>I've long been a fan of Novo coffee. I was saddened when Novo closed its coffee shop at the Art Museum over a year ago and now Novo has popped back into the coffee shop game by having two shops open now. After partaking of some yummy Vietnamese food for lunch, I still wanted something else and actually thought about a coffee, but I was debating. As I was on 6th and I was off that day and drove past Novo, I made a split-second decision to stop at Novo. I quickly found street parking on the same block, hoppped out of my car and went inside.The interior is a bit dark with dark-paneled wood and a pour over bar, but also modern-looking. I went in and perused the menu on the wall and opted for a latte, as I tend to do. Novo has house-made syrups: vanilla, salted caramel and seasonal. At this time, the seasonal syrup is harvest spice, which is akin to gingerbread, according to the barista.I normally like a sweet coffee (sweet tooth and all!), but the salted caramel latte was perfection! A tiny bit of salt taste, with a somewhat sweet taste of caramel was absolutely delicious. I drank it without any additional sugar and ordered a brownie to take home. There was a case for pastries and such, but the selection was low in the afternoon. I will definitely be back, some early am. Novo is open from 7:30 am - 6 pm 7 days a week and there is also free wi-fi, which is open source, no password needed.I've found my coffee nirvana.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/31/2014,226,414,5,14,11>Dining at the Copper Pot was not at all what I expected. Based on the reviews (or perhaps just a preconceived notion), I figured it was a big brew spot- lots of beers on tap, etc. Instead it's this hole in the wall on the side of the Hampden Frontage road. A little bar with just two beers on tap (one being Coors/Bud). Truth be told, Hubs and I were a bit hesitant to give it a try when we first walked by- but we threw caution to the wind and decided to stay.I'm so glad we did! I seriously felt like we were in Smalltown, USA - people were friendly, definitely a neighborhood feel, and the food was delicious! They have a small wine list but I opted for the Malbec (a mere $6 and ust $5 during happy hour) and it was actually quite good. Very unexpected! They do have a pretty decent can/bottle list and Hubs found a few different brews to enjoy too. (Also $1 off during hh- but not too expensive regularly- $3.50, maybe??)For food, I had the mushrooms (which are gluten free minus the crostini) and they were SO good! I could have ordered another plate of those. Hubs had the spicy wings and he really liked them. In fact, he wanted to go back again the next day. There is something very crave-worthy about home style food. Lastly, going for  broke, we shared a plate of the cheese fries with green chile (also gluten free because they use corn starch instead of flour to thicken) and again...delish. Don't go here thinking you're going to find something super healthy but instead just transport yourself into another world (like where cows are on the side of the road or something??) and enjoy!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/30/2014,560,980,24,13,14>With apologies to . . . wait a minute, I am not apologizing to Vanilla Ice or "Ice Ice Baby"."Rice Rice Bistro"Yo, YELP, Let's kick it!Rice Rice Bistro, Rice Rice BistroAll right stop, commiserate and listenRice is there with a tasty creationNothing I saw looked even slightly unsightlyI would like some chopsticks daily and nightlyWill the flavors stop? Yo - I don't knowAsk me just once and you know that I'll goTo the extreme I rock a plate like a vandalOrdered that food, almost more than I could handle.Rice Rice Bistro and Sushi, Rice Rice Bistro and Sushi---------------A friend and former classmate invited me to lunch.  She suggested Rice Bistro and Sushi.  Since I had spotted it across the parking lot when we did the Yelp UYE DTC lunch at Parry's Pizza a couple months back, I knew right where it was.  I arrived early, and my lunch companion was running a bit late.  So, I kicked back, ordered a pot of tea, and enjoyed the atmosphere.  The large table of ladies near me were doing a birthday lunch (complete with song).  There were also several business people, a couple young moms, and a few randoms (like me).  The interior of the place is nice.  The size is significantly larger than one would guess from the storefront.I polished off most of a heaping mound of spicy edamame while I waiting.  It may not have been quite as good as what I enjoy during HH at Hapa Sushi, but it was significantly better than what I usually get at random sushi places.  There was a fair amount of spice and good flavor.After perusing other Yelper's reviews, I decided not to do veggie sushi on this visit.  There are several lunch combination choices here.  One can do mostly sushi, no sushi, or half and half.  I spotted the black pepper chicken on the daily special list, and it sounded good.  After my dining companion ordered it, that convinced me as well.  I started with a cup of the wonton soup (and Shea's review did not steer me wrong).  It was very flavorful and some of the better basic wonton soup I have enjoyed.My black pepper chicken was a simple stir fry of chicken and vegetables in a black pepper sauce with a side of rice.  However, the flavors and textures were quite nice, and it was a reasonable to generous lunch portion.  My eggroll was piping hot and crunchy, so there were no issues there.  The service was quite good, and the prices were fine.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,7/29/2014,203,267,14,14,16>Oh creamy, porky, garlicy heaven that is Izakaya's miso ramen...I am in love. I had been to the old location many times, and decided to treat a dear friend to a birthday dinner at the newer location. Whoa, what a beautiful space. We decided to sit at the big bar upstairs for happy hour drinks and snacks-and it was just lovely (the atmosphere and the service). The bartenders were very helpful and polite, I settled on a large hot sake from the hh menu $5 and my companion went with their Red Rocks signature cocktail-he really liked it and claimed that it was pretty stiff, $8 signature cocktails during hh. For a little snack I ordered hh sashimi, the Jalapeno Hamachi and the Ginger Bincho. Both were wonderful, the bincho being our favorite, this was a seriously buttery piece of tuna dressed perfectly ($5 each, 2 pc per order during hh). Of course we were here for the ramen, I went with my usual choice of miso ramen and the birthday boy went with a large lobster ramen. Oh my EVERYTHING...that bowl of miso ramen was just pure decadence, the noodles were perfect and the broth, oh man, was what I would imagine heaven tastes like. The roasted pork had great depth in flavor and was cooked to awesomeness, the corn was crisp and sweet as it should be, and the bok choy was very good. The extra eggs I ordered were a good call, so perfectly cooked to soft boiled perfection, I had so much fun having them in my mouth. The lobster ramen was equally divine, and there was a great helping of both tender lobster meat and the dumplings. This place trumps all 'pricey' ramen in Denver, in my opinion of course! I am amazed they don't charge more, $13 bucks for a wonderful bowl really isn't a stretch, and a large is only $3 more. The service was phenomenal, the place has it down to a nearly impeccable degree. I can't wait to come back, again and again, to fall in love over and over.*and when the weather is warmer, to watch the roof retract!*for all my fellow ramen lovers, they have 5 different kinds of the stuff!Tan-tan menShoyu RamenLobster RamenTonkotsu RamenMiso Ramen
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,7/27/2014,13,92,2,11,4>Williams & Graham is easily the best speakeasy in Denver.  Frankly, now that Green Russell has stopped taking reservations, Williams & Graham is likely to be your best bet for a luxurious date, gathering of friends or any other event where you don't want to waste time waiting for a table, because (a) you have a job; and/or (b) you have a life.  Williams & Graham's interior is reminiscent of the Tattered Cover if it had been owned and run by The Rockefellers circa 1920.  Richly polished wood, bookshelves stacked with liquor, and intimate lighting make for a relaxing, luxurious environment to enjoy an acute cocktail.  Your seating options include seats at the bar, private booths, or a private dining room enclosed in heavy velvet curtains.  Lawyers beware, one of the private rooms is lined with old federal reporters (because really, what else are they good for?).The cocktails are superb and the bartenders are committed to their craft.  Don't be afraid to engage your bartender: ask questions, strike up conversation, and if you're lucky enough to sit at the bar, watch these men and women own their craft.  Williams & Graham's employees are what make this speakeasy fantastic.  They are knowledgeable, creative, unpretentious, and informative.  The menu changes with each season, and offers both specialty cocktails, an impressive array of Colorado spirits, and classic recipes.  As an added bonus, you can enjoy a variety of nibbles from the kitchen.Dress up, dress down, and be ready to sip on a spirit throughout the evening.  Williams & Graham is set up to imbibe in luxury.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,7/26/2014,76,392,9,7,6>I've now been here twice in the last week, which has caused an obsession that may drive me to quit my job and work here. Just so I can EAT THOSE COOKIES. Yum, so good.Besides the cookies, there are a ton of great other options. So far I've enjoyed the BLT, which has bacon that is as thick as a 2x4. Also had the croque monseur which I'm sure was 10,000 calories, but worth every bite. Opt for the egg on top of the salad, it will change your ability to love. On top of that, two cookies both delicious and eligible to cause the insanity plea if I were to do anything crazy.On top of all of that, the people are great! They are friendly, with extremely quick service even with the wonderful display of food. If you get a chance, check out that bathroom too. It's so cozy, I may eat in there next time. All in all, this is a must visit on your next trip to the Wash Park neighborhood.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/25/2014,36,441,6,9,9>Is it fair to write a review when you are still stuffed from dim sum, 4 hours later? I think so. It was so good. Part of the fun of dim sum is to go with a big enough group to sample a wide variety of offerings, since most come with 3 on a plate, and my stomach is only "so" big. I have lots of favorites and they were all here. I tried some new things too. I even ate a  green vegetable which I often don't think to order. But my trusty healthy Yelp friends picked one and it made such good balance to the meal. We had a large table with a lazy susan center on which to distribute the food. A good thing with a hungry crowd of about a dozen people. We had a watchful member of the group to keep the center circulating "properly" so nothing and nobody got missed. The cart delivery was quick and the food was hot from the kitchen. Having some expertise at the table, as we did, was a big asset, but I think even novices could do well here. We had pork buns (perfect size with plenty of filling, shrimp in rice noodle nicely cut into single servings, turnip cake, pork shu mai, shrimp dumplings, several other dumpling pork selections (I did not get all the names) sticky rice in lotus leaves, some basic fried chicken dish, steamed Chinese broccoli, sweet coconut bun, egg tarts, sesame balls and of course, hot tea.Am I expected to cook and actually eat dinner after all this?  Maybe not.  I'd go back here in a heartbeat. If it is this good a second time, I could go to 5 stars.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,7/24/2014,156,255,9,17,13>Wasn't sure what to expect from a place called "Protein Bar." Will there just be giant slabs of meat served up on chiseled marble? Or, can I only get a smoothie weighed down with chalky protein powder!?!Thankfully, Protein Bar is neither of these things =) I opted for the Southwest salad, but wasn't expecting much since it didn't seem like many toppings were listed. But, as I tucked in to my GIANT salad, I discovered I had been bamboozled! Their "Super 6 Salad Mix" has a bunch of veggies that totally blow spring mix out of the water. So combined with all the Southwest toppings--chicken, quinoa, black beans, cheddar, avocado, tomato--it turned out to be a bomb salad. They also have Bar-itos (lol, I see what you did there...), delicious sounding blended drinks, breakfast, and raw juices. I'll definitely be back for another salad, and to try either the Comiskey Cocoa or Millennium Perk blended drinks.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/23/2014,263,617,9,17,13>"Kazoku" means "family" in Japanese, and when we walked in for an early dinner and  saw all the lil ones with their moms and dads my first thought was, "Hmmm. I've never before eaten sushi to the sound of crying babies." But how wrong I was. Steve, the manager, led us to the back of the restaurant where I'd invited 5 other couples to participate in a sushi surprise dinner for my honey who turned 39 years old this last weekend. (I'm gettin' major kudos from her for lying...I mean...for saying that about her:). Well, the nice large table they'd set up for us was perfect, and the back area was quiet and kiddie-free. It couldn't have been any better of a setting for a raucous evening of adult fun and general kanpai-filled revelry.But hey, this review is supposed to be about the sushi. So let me start by saying how skeptical I was about Kazoku's 5 star Yelp rating. It's just a new suburban sushi spot. It's not being headed up by some famous NYC or LA sushi chef. But, again, how wrong I was.Haven't had better sushi or sashimi in Denver, even at places like Sushi Sasa or the Sushi Den, and they're almost twice the price. Had some huge glistening cuts of hamachi, saba, tai, shake, tako and ikura, and some quite good spicy crab, salmon skin and unagi rolls that all came as part of a couple of party boat platters that made the celebration something I could afford to host. The service, personally handled by Steve, was superb. The rice, an equally important part of any sushi meal, was excellent.Bottom line: Kazoku is my kinda family. And the super neat thing is that it can be your family, too. If you love sushi and don't care for the pretention and high prices of some of the more hoity-toity  sushi spots in town, give Kazoku a try. It will quickly become one of you go-to places for raw fish and other seafood treats in the Denver-Golden corridor.Sayonara,David "Banzai" M
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/22/2014,508,442,5,8,5>Visiting Denver? Denver Local? Want to explore Denver? Want to learn how to ride a Scooter? or Plan a cool adventurous date!Last night I was lucky enough to be picked for a ride with my fellow Yelpers. Basically my first time on a Scooter since college (long ago!)  I had so much fun! I highly recommend Scootours!! For two hours last night we rode through Gov park, Cheeseman park and the Civic center downtown led by Dave the owner. Dave is passionate about Scooters and ScooTours. He's full of Denver historical knowledge and a fun tour guide. Also, if you're in the market to buy a Scooter he's probably a good source if you have questions about what to buy. If you're looking for a fun ride and great tour of Denver, ScooTours is the way to go! You can either go on a guided tour or off on your own. Good for 1st timers or experienced riders.Please note: If it's not summer time wear layers and bring gloves! Dave had extra gloves on hand in case anyone forgets to bring their own. He also provides the helmets.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,7/21/2014,90,221,5,6,4>This place is sweet!  We got here about 10 minutes after it opened on a Saturday a couple weeks back and was very impressed by the whole experience.  From the minute we got here the bartender was friendly, the artwork and ambiance were awesome and the beers were delicious!  They had some interesting takes on a couple different beers that all worked really well.  I enjoyed the Black IPA and the Red the best, but overall everything was fantastic.  I didn't do a whole lot of investigating around the actual space, but it appeared to be really large in comparison to the usual brewery.  The patio was expansive with a food truck out there and looked like they had some foosball tables in the back for the fidgety.  I highly recommend making the trek up to Lafayette for this great brewery!  I am sure I will be back!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,7/20/2014,204,522,,7,5>The attention to detail was impressive.  First off, the space is sleek and modern.  The service was perfect (server Matthew and everyone else).  The food was outstanding.  I went for lunch and to give you an idea of what I mean when I say attention to detail, every part of my grilled fish sandwich was well done.  It was good quality fish (red snapper, not the tilapia that a lot of places are trying to pass off as quality fish), it was perfectly seasoned and grilled, the greens on the sandwich were nicely dressed, the bun was great, and it was properly toasted.  The French fries that came with the sandwich were crispy and delicious.  And, they gave us warm cookies at the end of our meal.  The dessert menu looked awesome as well.  Bonus points for free valet parking.  Well done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,7/19/2014,65,375,2,11,8>I am so glad the new location is now open. (Their old location in Lakewood is permanently closed now.) We went there on their opening day and were greeted promptly by the owner and her staff as we entered the door. Everyone was super friendly and nice. The staff explained the menu to us. They had a variety of empandas to choose from. They also had some traditional Argentine tartas (savory tarts with veggies and meat) and different kinds of desserts to choose from. We picked the Argentina and Caprese empanadas as well as a submarine hot chocolate. The hot chocolate was very rich and a bit too sweet for me but it was pretty delicious. The empanadas had flaky skin and tasty fillings. The ambiance is casual and good for dates, hanging out with friends or families. The decor is done with good taste and quality. It's a great place to have breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea, dinner, or any meals in between. :)
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,7/18/2014,43,56,10,10,10>Who doesn't like alcohol? I mean besides most Mormons and Muslims. Alcohol can take you to that special place where all your worries drown in a pool of (insert your drink of choice). In moderation, alcohol has proven health benefits! For the rest of us, it can make us feel ten feet tall and bullet-proof or transform you into the village idiot trying to gracefully navigate walking and breathing all at once.Argonaut has a wiiiiiiide selection of everything from malt liquor and Boone's farm, to a hearty Cabernet and an expensive bottle of vintage champagne. In between all that you can find an excellent array of local and not-so-local beers, an extensive list of wines, and I think even saw some non-alcoholic drinks in the corner behind some old boxes.Just as varied as the choices of booze are the people that frequent this Colfax Avenue paradise. If you like to people watch, this place rivals an airport for straight up head-scratching characters. I once observed a gentleman "sleeping" by the beer coolers. As far as benefits to the customers, I have seen both beer and wine tastings on previous visits. You also get 10% off your non-sale items with your Yelp check-in!I'm thirsty.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,7/17/2014,76,407,,10,7>We always order from here for our work party in celebration of Chinese New Year, and they always get our orders correct! I like that their food taste the same dine in or take out. Believe me I've been to my share of Chinese buffet restaurants where the dine in was fine but the take out tasted like left over from the previous night!I recommend Szechuan's pot stickers as they're huge and meaty, with thick skins, everything that reminds me of the northern Chinese style, and the dipping sauce is delicious too. I also tell my American friends to try the Scallion Pancakes and so far, everybody raved about it! Lastly, this may or may not be on the menu but if you like curry and you like tofu, by all means, ask for their Curry Tofu! I think it's more yummy than the other tofu dishes with meat. The staff is "hen ke qi", meaning very polite. Most of them are bilingual, they smile, and they offered to take my boxes of take out food out to my car for me. Kind of sweet don't you think?
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,7/16/2014,56,212,9,16,13>:::Disclaimer:::For those of you looking for the typical BBQ experience here, you're not going to get it. It's going to blow your mind, if your mind is open to enjoying something just a little different. The emphasis of this place is SMOKEHOUSE, and from even a mile away, you can smell the cherry and apple wood smoke wafting around. The meat here is seriously smoked, and it's amazing.  Okay. Now read.There's some old addage that says, if you don't do something completely right, don't do it at all... Well, Switchback does it right. All of it. Each and every thing we have tried here is executed to perfection, from their meats, to their sauces, to their sides. These people know how to do food.So, what you need to do is to drive here. Fuel up, get some of your favorite tunes, and make the pilgrimage. This is the best BBQ/meat we've been able to access in the great state of Colorado--and we've munched a lot of pulled pork around these parts. So, wow.We were initially led here due to a desire to head into the hills and yelp out some good eats along the way. Oh man, I'm glad we listened to (most of) you.The drive up to the Switchback Smokehouse is gorgeous, and leads to daydreams about a cabin somewhere up in here. Once we tried the food, my cabin dreams altered to include close proximity to the Switchback. I ordered the pulled pork and the pulled chicken, along with the Tar Heel and Original sauces to accompany. My honey got the pork and the brisket--before the staff allowed him to commit to the brisket, they brought out samples for both of us, and warned that it's not what everyone thinks of when they imagine brisket. Instead, it's this incredibly smoky corned beef-esque slice of peppery flavor. Haters gonna hate, but consider me and my honey lovers of the SS version of brisket. The pulled pork was the best I've had in this state, possibly anywhere, and the pulled chicken made me want to cry. I'm not even shitting you. It's not "pulled," so much as it's an incredibly moist piece of white meat chicken (Boulder Natural, so you know that thing had a happy life,) smoked and smoked to perfection, then chopped up to order. I dreamed about that chicken. I've never EVER flipped out this much about chicken. Ever. But it's stupidgood. So good that we returned the following day for more. I worried that it was a fluke--that we had visited on their one awesome day, and that the following would be a mediocre meal.My worries were dashed when an equally as awesome portion of smoked chicken came out, alongside some brisket (the staff, different on this day, were equally as concerned about our enjoyment of their brisket. It was equally as awesome as the day before.) On this day, I paired my meats with their INCREDIBLE chimichurri sauce, a side of coleslaw (HUGE portion for two bucks, fresh as all get out, and spicy!), and a beer. $4 will get you a bottle of some good microbrew gold here, including a gluten free option for my fellow glutards. So, we'll be back here. All the time. It's only a 35 minute from Denver, and a gorgeous one at that. Thumbs up for serving drinks in mason jars. For some reason, that touch makes this place extra awesome.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/15/2014,54,320,5,8,5>I wonder if a small mistake is the way to earn a five star.On its own and for the  price and service. . .Frasca Food and Wine is at minimum a solid four star.  You are never let down from the anti-pasta course, to the pasta course, to the main course, and following to dessert.1st course - the mussels dish. . .fantastic2nd course - foi gra stuffed pasta.  Yippie yeeha.  Flavorful, perfect, but not too filling3rd course - the cheaper of the 2 steak options. . .and it didn't dissapoint.  Pure melt in your mouth goodness - the best I had this side of Chicago4th course - a brioche bread pudding type of dessert (Godma? i dunno). .that was a pleasant turn from my normal chocolate dishes.The exceptional turns of above and beyond service - 7 minutes late seating us - they let us know, and here is a half glass of wine.- small mistake/miss-communication with wine, here is another 1/2 glass- Wife asks if she can do a 1/2 salumi plate as an appetizer instead of the standard choices - No problem. . .Frasca is far and away the best experience we have had since Tru (Chicago) or Gary Danko (San Francisco).   I consider this a high caliber of restaurant to achieve. . and i'm greatful that the restaurant is so close to homeBTW - we did a date night. . .and stayed at Briar Rose Bed and Breakfast which was a fairly short walk from Frasca
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,7/14/2014,157,550,4,7,9>After 8 visits here, I can't believe I have not upgraded Marco's yet!  It is across the way from our temporary living.  The happy hour rocks our socks, but most importantly, everyone has made us feel so very welcome.  Amanda and Sarah are our fave bartenders there.  Everyone is super friendly, but once I have a few Rocktinis, I only remember the names of the people who are serving them to me!  I finally tried the VPN pizza, which is Associazione Vera Pizza Napoletana.  As a quick background, getting certified as VPN is kind of a big deal.  Marco's is the only place in Colorado, and there are maybe 50 or so in the US (I didn't count the list, but it isn't that many).  The crust is delightful, and the toppings are fresh, authentic, and really tie the pizza together, along with the delightful tomatoey sauce.  The restaurant is not very big, which I love, and the menu is succinct.  The decor is nice and modern.  We always sit in the bar, because why wouldn't we with the amazing service we get there.  There is always a sporting event on the 2 TV's.  This is a super cool hangout with great people and amazing food.  But don't take my seat at the bar!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/13/2014,235,1122,7,13,11>#1000 review! I can't believe it's been that many! I also can't think of a better place to review right now than a Polish restaurant! As many of you know, I'm 100% Polish, I have been brought up with Polish food, and go back to Poland relatively often. With that said, I am pretty picky about the food at Polish restaurants. Of course, I am always seeking out something similar to what my mom or relatives make!!I find it funny in some of the reviews that people claim this to be the best Polish food in North America and so on. Granted, this place is really good but you do have Chicago to contend with (among other cities) so the claims are a little ludicrous.I will say this place has the best Polish food in the Denver area. It's a shame it is not downtown but it has to be really good to get me to drive to Westminster when I have other Polish places to choose from in downtown.I have had a number of dishes at Cracovia and I have found that all of them are authentic and delicious. Just like with any ethnic food, each place or person has their own variation of a dish so although these might not all be identical to my mom's, they are still excellent in their own way.What I love about Cracovia beyond the authenticity is the extensive menu. I am not sure if I have ever been to a Polish restaurant with such a wide array of options. One of my favorite soups is the zupa ogorkowa, which it hard to find in other restaurants, and not only is it on the menu but it's absolutely wonderful.  I know the barszcz is very good but it just doesn't happen to be one of my favorite soups.For dinner, I opted to go with bigos, one of my favorite dishes. It's referred to as the hunter's stew, which is a mixture of sauerkraut, cabbage, pork meat, (Polish) mushrooms, and kielbasa and is to be eaten with bread.  This is a quintessential Polish dish which incorporates so many of the key ingredients that are used in so many other dishes. It's a hearty dish but the way it is prepared here it would be hard not to polish it off. A friend had the golabki, which is probably my favorite Polish dish. They are prepared a bit differently than I have had in the past; nonetheless, the combination works and dish is very tasty.I could not forego dessert, or shall I say szarlotka?!  This is absolutely the best Polish dessert and the only one I will order off a menu. With this particular dessert, there are a lot of variations to it (i.e. how the apples are cut up or mushed to the dough). This wasn't my favorite style of the dessert but you would not see me balk at it either! A saw a couple people mention vodkas. In my mind, there is only one option- Zubrowka. You order it on the rocks and it is the perfect complement to a Polish dinner. I have introduced several of my Denver friends to this vodka in recent months and they will all attest that this is the best vodka out there! Cracovia seems to have cuisine from Krakow, which is a bit different (not much) from what I'm used to (Warsaw), which explains a couple comments I made above. Regardless of the region, the food here is authentic and wonderful and if you have never had Polish food and/or are seeking excellent Polish cuisine then this is absolutely the place to dine!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,7/12/2014,320,975,3,12,6>Say What??  Banh Khot?  Did I really see Banh Khot?  I found these Banh Khot from Viet Hoa Supermarket on a recent visit Saturday April 12th 2014.  It was indeed a RARE find, coz I have been searching for this Appetizer for many moons eversince my move to Colorado soil.  These Appetizers is placed at the (COLD/HOT) Tray/Case almost in front near to the Check Out Counter.  The Premade FOOD Case is located at the extreme RIGHT of this establishment when you enter and make thru Viet Hoa Supermarket aisle.As for taste wise, its doable with 3 stars.  8 pieces was $2.50, comes with the Dipping Sauce.  Just need to either microwave it for several seconds or put it in the oven to bake for a few minutes so it taste better warm.Nevertheless, Viet Hoa Supermarket is STILL My Staple Asian Supermarket in town whenever I am in this part of Neighborhood.@79/2014
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/11/2014,208,396,1,15,12>I have to say, my experience with DDFL has been outstanding.  I had never been to the shelter before a couple of weeks ago and really wasn't looking for a new friend.  My 19 year old cat died in March and I still have a 17 year old at home.  I really thought I would wait until she passed on before getting a new buddy.  But, my coworker and I came by to drop off a donation and of course we had to walk through and see the animals.  Even so, we both promised not to let the other one leave with a new pet.  She clearly broke her promise, but I'm completely ok with that.There are so many kitties here, of all ages, sizes, and colors.  My heart always goes out to the older cats.  I know they can be less likely to get adopted.  I'm one of those people who wants to take all the animals home, but logically know it's not possible.  Conditions for the cats was pretty good.  Some are in smaller cages, but most are either in a group setting with room to move around and play or in a double cage so they can at least move around a bit.  When you see a pet you like, staff will bring the pet into a private room so you can interact and see how things might work out.  My little guy immediately had to check things out and then plopped down next to me and wanted his belly rubbed.  There's no way I could resist.  He was just too cute and too sweet.  And, I did go with a younger cat (8 months) hoping the adjustment at home would go better, especially since he's still smaller than my Stella.  The day I first visited I rode my scooter so couldn't take the little guy home.  They won't put an animal on hold, which I understand, but it made me anxious that he wouldn't still be there the next day (have I mentioned he's super adorable?).  Thankfully he was and the adoption process was easy and quick.Prices are certainly reasonable.  I think the fee for little Otis was $95.  I'm happy to pay so they can continue to provide great services to the animals.  However, if you're looking for a new friend and are on a tight budget, they often run deals on cats who are at least a year old.  Right now I think the adoption fee is waived on older cats.  Otis developed a cold (to be expected) that then turned into a bacterial infection.  Their vets are available even on the weekend and care for shelter-related illnesses is free within the first 15 days you have your new friend.  I was very happy I could bring him in on a Sunday and he's already perkier after one dose of antibiotics.  If you're looking for a new furry friend, please get one from a shelter.  It doesn't have to be DDFL, but know that it's a good option.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,7/10/2014,194,576,3,16,14>So yes, Maddie's is small. How small is it, you ask? Well, there are 8 tables and a couple of barstools at the counter. So they can serve about 16 people inside. They also have two large community style picnic tables on the patio to use during nicer weather. If you get there during peak brunch hours like we did, expect a 15-20 minute wait. But don't worry, the wait is absolutely worthwhile!Maybe it's because Maddie's is so small that they are serving up some of the best breakfast food I've had in Denver lately. The menu has a wide selection, there's something for everyone. Personally, I was drawn to the Lox and Bagel Benedict-two of my favorite breakfast items rolled into one! I ordered that with coffee to drink and my friend ordered the Bacon and Cheese frittata and a side of pancakes. My Benedict was fantastic: perfectly poached eggs on top of a toasted bagel with a light smear of cream cheese, spring mix, red onion and fresh nova lox.  The Hollandaise sauce was thin and light, not thick and gloppy, and the perfect combination of butter and lemon. My coffee was good too, they serve Peet's which I love, so no complaints there.  My friend said her frittata and potatoes were outstanding and her pancake was one of the best she's had: crispy outside, light and fluffy inside.The one issue with Maddie's being so small is it's not really a place where diners can linger for a bit to drink their coffee and chat after their meal. At least on a Saturday or Sunday. There's always a few parties waiting for a table. But that's a minor issue and it certainly won't stop me from returning.I am so glad to have this gem in my neighborhood. Maddie's is definitely as good as it gets!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,7/9/2014,190,292,9,6,7>I accidentally stumbled into the soft opening of this establishment last Friday, having no idea what it was or where it came from. Score one point for me! As already mentioned, they chose an amazing location at 8th and Lincoln. It's definitely a place that was needed in that part of Denver. The space is really well-designed and friendly. The staff was on point, and one of the owners, Scott, even dropped by our table to see how we liked everything, and to inquire if we were cold at all, sitting next to the window (we weren't). He was figuring out how the air flowed, which I thought showed a nice attention to detail.I feel like an idiot, because I can't remember the name of the beer I tried - I think it was a white ale? I'd tell you, but I can't find a list of their beers online (nor the food, either). What I do remember about it was that it tasted like cloves. And this added to the atmosphere, as we were surrounded by people who looked like they should be smoking clove cigarettes. I might have sprouted a full beard and somehow walked out wearing an ironic t-shirt while talking to someone about organic food grown within a 5-mile radius, is all I'm saying.We tried a few of the appetizers, all of which were good - the stuffed mushrooms were delicious, albeit a little greasy, and their bruschetta was great.Looking forward to revisiting LowDown again sometime soon!*Edited to add that I realized "revisiting LowDown again" was really redundant, but then decided not to fix it. Instead, I will merely poke fun at myself instead by drawing attention to my word choice. You're welcome.**Edited further to mock my overuse of the word "instead" above. OK, I'm done now. Seriously.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,7/8/2014,408,82,3,8,8>The Secret To Being SuperSyrup Breakfast & Lunch offers a vast array of first-rate food choices from gourmet, specialty pancakes and syrups to dynamite burgers.  Heck, they even have an impressive line of gluten-free and weight-conscious items to support health-conscious diets.  Any restaurant has the ability to serve up toothsome food, but not many can do it with a customer-oriented approach.  Love for the customer separates Syrup Breakfast & Lunch from the pack. I have eaten at Syrup on many occasions without incident.  Recently, I encountered my first hiccup, as it relates to my dining experience.  I ordered The Veg Omelet (Spinach, Mushrooms, Roasted Red Bell Peppers, White Onions and Tomatoes).  To my chagrin, the omelet was heavily saturated in grease to point that it was bleeding out in a liquid pool on the plate.  I wrapped the omelet in a thick cotton napkin; it quickly became flush with oil.  When the server realized that I was unhappy with my dish, he immediately called a manager to my attention.  She offered to make another omelet for me to which I graciously accepted.  The second omelet was perfect.  I was extremely satisfied and satiated.  My story doesn't end there.  When the bill came, I noticed that it was considerably lighter than usual.  The manager had subtracted the price of the omelet and then some.  I'd also like to point out that both the server and manager were courteous and affable throughout the entire experience.  Folks, this how you flip a potentially damaging situation and turn it in to something special.  Syrup Breakfast & Lunch is SUPER!!!!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,7/7/2014,82,171,7,9,6>What pushed this place from four stars to the coveted five stars? The guys behind the bar. I can't rave enough about Kevin. His talent and knowledge of ingredients is ... well ... impressive seems too simple a word. Infused liquor, crazy ingredients... he can make you anything of anything. My husband put him to the test a few days ago and man! He passed with flying colors! What does passing mean? It means he made a rum drink my husband LOVED. And my husband does NOT like rum! I highly recommend sitting at the bar and asking questions. Ever wanted to taste any crazy liquor? They have it and they will give you a taste. Very cool.As for bites, we got the beet salad and the poutine... IN-CRED-IBLE! Just incredible. Everything from top to bottom was a great experience.We will DEFINITELY be back.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,7/6/2014,138,353,3,8,8>I ordered the Cowboy, roast beef, bacon, bbq sauce, other assorted accoutrements, on white. It was a fine sandwich. I thought the roast beef would be a little less generic; it tasted no different than regular roast beef I'd get at the store (I'm probably just whining here, it's Roast Beef, not a new car) but it's mediocrity stuck out to me in what was otherwise a really tasty sandwich. Another noticeable characteristic of the sandwich was that they didn't skimp on ingredients. Definitely a big, full sandwich that I shoved down my gullet using the the long end of a rake handle. Just good. Another thing that absolutely bears mentioning is that the day I went in, they were having trouble with their credit card machine. They ran my card, it wouldn't scan, it took several minutes to find this out. I waited with my sandwich, patiently (because honestly, it's 3 minutes, who cares) and the guy running the counter was incredibly friendly and polite. He apologized, asked me about my day -- it was a really awesome interaction that I greatly appreciated.But then...the card wouldn't run. I had no cash, I asked what we could do about it. He said that if it won't run, it won't run, and we'd have to use the honor system. He said he hoped I had a good experience and would come back in again and tell my friends, and that the $10 I would've spent on the sandwich would come back to them eventually. Well, I said let's try the card again (they deserve to be paid now for the work they did now, and it worked) but I really wanted to share the experience. they were very willing to just let me go and hope I came back after giving me the best experience and sandwich they could. I thought that was amazing. Small business at its finest. I appreciate their willingness to trust the customer, and their faith in the customers ability to let a good experience bring in other business. That's strong marketing savvy, right there. On that basis alone, I'll definitely be back.But I mean, I was going back anyway, because they have a sandwich that has corned beef, pastrami and french fries on it and I'm like, whaaaaaaaaaaaat?!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,7/5/2014,188,277,3,14,7>I'll admit that I don't get to do the fine dining thing in Denver as much as I'd like to. So even though Zengo has been around for many years, Saturday was my first ever visit. Good thing my mom requested this place for her birthday because Zengo is definitely a great place.The menu is a tinge confusing as my mom wanted a typical entree but my dad, grandmother and myself all thought sampling a few dishes would be the best way to explore Zengo's variety. The server told us that we probably wanted to stay away from the main courses as they aren't as sharable as the apps. He also recommended getting a fried rice or noodle bowl to split amongst the three of us. So we got the fried rice, asparagus tempura tacos, crab guacamole, the Brussels sprouts and the Thai curry empanadas. It was actually plenty of food for three people and my mom enjoyed her succulent skirt steak entree without poaching too many of our apps. My favorites were the asparagus tacos which were fried in a light tempura and served with both a bit of guacamole and a delicious, vinegary cole slaw (just the way I like it). The empanadas were also quite good served over an ethereal curry peanut sauce. The almost sweet chipotle glaze on the Brussels sprouts distracted a bit from the salty bacon on the dish and though I liked the fried rice, it wasn't much above and beyond a typical fried rice that you would find in a pretty good Chinese restaurant.Since I checked into Yelp, I got a free guava mojito, which was also quite delicious. The sour/sweet guava flavor went quite well with the mint and lime. Overall, Zengo was a great experience with the service helpfully navigating the somewhat confusing menu and generally great food.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,7/4/2014,702,888,6,12,11>Boy am I annoyed I didn't come here sooner. We were in the area last night and I was super excited to finally try the beers at TRVE. I (wrongly) assumed some would not be up my alley - the sours, belgians and IPAs - but I was really looking forward to their darker beers and they did not disappoint! I had 10 oz pours (my favorite option because I rarely want a full pint) of the Death Ripper, Hellion and Stout and loved them all. The Death Ripper was probably my favorite. To my tastes, that was just an all-around stellar brown beer that I'd buy on the regular at the store if I could. The stout was one of the better, smoother and not-to-sweet or heavy stouts I've had around town. Thanks to the very friendly and helpful/informative guy behind the bar, I also sampled the Grey Watcher which was a grapefruit-y farmhouse ale that I'd slurp up in the summer. I stole a few sips of my husband's Scorn, an American pale ale that was quite delicious. Based on reading some of the other reviews, I'll definitely be back to check out their other beers because I like the sound of the black IPA, the double IPA and the salted saison. I think I missed a marzen last night too. Yummy!  Like everyone else has already said, the interior is dark, cool and way metal. The wood bar and long community table are awesome. I might have wondered if I'd feel out of place but I soon found that the vibe was as welcoming as the people were in front of and behind the bar. I sat by myself at the bar for about an hour feeling slightly embarrassed and prissy at first since I'd just had my hair cut and she'd gone a little crazy with a curling iron. However, I had a really great time chatting with different people about beer, upcoming Stout Month, Denver and other wonderful things in life. I've had weirder, less friendly service and felt more judged at Sputnik a few doors down than I did here. Very clean (and hilarious) unisex bathrooms are a bonus!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/3/2014,131,377,6,11,10>Good grief, if I were attending DU I'd be failing and in terrible credit card debt. Probably hung over too. Why? Because the Renegade Publik House is too awesome.Met a friend here for Friday post-work beers. The tap list isn't going to rival Falling Rock, but it's pretty darn extensive and has great diversity, including house (Renegade) and non-house beers. I had numerous beers I have not had before, and that's quite a task. This included the beer of the day, which was the Renegade Imperial Sunday Morning for $3 - a steal!Our bartender was also fantastic, keeping up with our pace and chatting us up when he had the chance. He also gave us a free bottle of Sunday Morning because there was a deal posted on Facebook for it, despite the post being partially incorrect. That got fixed, and he still honored the deal for us.We didn't have much food, but what we did have was delicious. The warm brie app in balsamic vinegar is a must. I look forward to trying their pizza the next time I'm in.Chill place with all the right stuff. Can't believe the place was so empty on a Friday afternoon. I look forward to coming back.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/2/2014,639,447,3,10,13>I love, love, love everything about Share Denver. I love its place in the community, I love its commitment to creativity and trying new things, I also adore Becky Hensley, one of the two founders of the business. I've been taking part in her other crafting endeavors for several years now.This place is truly built on passion and love and they have a really fun calendar of crafts and DIY projects for everyone from the novice to the budding entrepreneur. Definitely check out their site, pick a project and try something new!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,7/1/2014,315,429,6,18,15>You know what's great about the Anschutz Medical Campus?  It's got its own brewery!  And hot damn, they're crafting some fine brews to boot.A few coworkers and I headed over to Coda last Friday for a much needed end-of-the-week HH and the place was hopping.  They had their soft opening a week or so back, so clearly the word had spread.  And for good reason!Currently, Coda only has four beers on tap (a mango kolsch,an American red ale, an American wheat IPA, and an oatmeal stout), but all were solid and super tasty.  The flight sampler came in beakers, which made the chemistry geek in me endlessly happy.  The oatmeal stout was amazing, followed closely by the mango kolsch.  These beers are certainly worth navigating the craziness of the AMC, fellow beer drinkers.The space is fairly large with plenty of picnic table-style seating indoors and even on the small outdoor patio.  After the construction of the new bioscience building is complete, I imagine the views on the patio will be improved.Fantastic atmosphere, delicious beers, and friendly service.  Coda took their time, but it was well worth the wait!  Tip:  You can order food from Cedar Creek and have it shuttled over!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,6/30/2014,959,893,8,10,11>I would say that around 80% of the conversations I had with people when I told them I was moving to Denver involved something along the lines of  "make sure you check out all of the weed, since it's legal out there!"  Thanks for the tip kids.  Long story short, the stuff helps me go to sleep if I get restless, so I never ruled that out.One day, I was looking up "weed shops" on Yelp, and stuff showed up.  And I saw there was one 3 blocks from home.  Score!  So, I went to check it out.  And of course I did a drive by.  And of course I had my paper license (official one I was waiting in the mail).  The paper license was like 2 feet long and couldn't fit in my wallet.  So I went in (camo and all) and they asked for an ID.  During that whole time, I saw a cloudy lobby that stunk like pot.  Hell yea!  And then I realized, "shit, I legit left my ID in the car".  So I went out.  Then I decided it wouldn't be a good day.I put it on the backburner and went back last Friday.  This time, I had my CO license.  No issues, and they even remembered me.  You check in, and they call you when you are ready.  Lounge is comfy while waiting.  Mind you, this place is open for medical and recreational users above the age of 21.They called, "Thomas" to the back, and I had NO IDEA what to expect.  Believe it or not, its a counter with about 40 types of goods, along with pipes, edibles, and drinks. Since it is cash only, there is at ATM on hand as well.  Recreational on the left side, medical on the right.  Looks like more choices (and less cost) for the medical, but the selection was still stellar for the recreational.The guy remembered me from the first time, so that was cool.  He was nice.  I told him all that I wanted, put it all in a brown bag, and went on my way.  I told them I would see them again.Nice to see something like this in the neighborhood...  Speaking of that, be careful where you park...
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/29/2014,306,629,3,8,6>Somehow, I'd never heard of Lola, but we wandered into the patio a couple of weeks ago while we were waiting for a table at Linger.  Based on our quick experience there, I'd love to plan a repeat visit!The wait for a table was long, but we were able to snag a spot on the open seating patio.  I had a mojito and it was fabulous-- as good as the ones I've had on cruise ships.  My husband had the ciderhouse and it was equally delicious.  I never would have thought to make an apple drink with tequila, but I would definitely order this for myself.For a snack, we tried the cured plate.  Everything on it was great-- tequila-smoked salmon, smoked trout, spicy goat cheese, etc.  Based on this appetizer, I'd love to try the rest of the menu.  The ceviche especially sounds delicious.I've quickly become a big fan of this neighborhood, and I'm sure I'll be back to Lola!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/28/2014,161,150,2,7,5>I love this place in so many ways that words can't describe.  First thing to know, you can't get a reservation if you have fewer than 6 people, so plan on waiting on weekends for 30-60 minutes from 7-9 if you want to get in.I've been here 3 times, each with a group of people at a BBQ table.  My recommendation is that you get the Combination B.  It's way plenty of meat for 4 people - between the three types I'd say it's probably a pound and half to two pounds of meat.  Plus the beauty of Korean BBQ is all of the sides!  I'll say that I'm a fairly adventurous eater and I'll eat pretty much anything they put in front of me other than the seafood stew or fish jelly.So I see there aren't great reviews for people who order single dishes, and I can't speak to that, but when you are at a BBQ table, you don't need a server.  You get to chat and laugh with friends and cook your own meat and ask for more sides or drinks when you need them.For the Combo B for 4 people with enough soju for 3 people (one non drinker who had a soda) it's $88.  $22 per person is NOTHING for a great night out.This place embodies one of the things I love about Korean BBQ.  It's about spending an hour and a half telling stories, laughing, sharing and passing things around.  That being said, be courteous, once you're done, leave.  There is a line waiting for your table.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/27/2014,37,208,,9,7>I decided to try Tarasco's after I saw it proclaimed in Westword as 'The Best Restaurant on Federal'. That's a pretty bold claim, so I had to see for myself. I've only been once, and plan to go back (hopefully repeatedly). While I might disagree with Westword as to whether this is 'the best', I have no qualms with saying that it is pretty darn good. Given the numerous accolades I decided to try the mole. It was a bit too sweet for my taste, but it was complex, full, and tasty. Others at the table had the chilaquiles, which I tried, and which were dynamite. I will definitely have that next time I'm there. Tarasco's is a small restaurant. It's hidden away like the proverbial diamond in the rough. We had no trouble getting a table (on a Tuesday around 6:30), but I can't speak to other times of the day or days of the week. Even if there were a wait, it would be totally worth it. Great food, clean and colourful interior, friendly and helpful staff... the makings of a great restaurant.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/26/2014,86,100,2,8,3>Its pretty exciting to see all these new establishments popping up on East Colfax!  I went here on a Wednesday night and they were having trivia. It was a bit loud so if you are looking for an intimate dinner date might not be the best night for you to go. That being said it is a pub so it offers a nice size bar and comfy booth seating.  They definitely remodeled to fit the pub theme.  It is very inviting and comfy.  They have happy hour from 4-7 which is a plus because I might be able to make it after work! They also have monthly specials that are pretty good.  We ordered an appetizer that was to die for!  Very creative dish call the Abbey Roll.  Reminded me of an egg roll but with corned beef and a horseradish sauce to dip in.  For my main course I got the chicken avocado sandwich and a side of mashed potatoes.  The sandwich was a good size and the potatoes were delish.  My hubby ordered a hamburger and the waitress let him create his own...it was huge!!!  We had excellent service, she was good at suggesting items and keeping my water glass full.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/25/2014,188,261,3,10,6>This place rules!Brunch, late night, lunch, dinner - all appropriate and delightful. I love this location, vibe, and design! In a large space there are options to sit at the bar, slide into a booth, sit at a table or chill on the patio. There are some TVs for sports nuts, great music is always playing and they offer a myriad of excellent drinks and food options.Some out of town family loved this spot so much we went twice in three days! They have a selection of local brews, a full bar, and a sweet brunch mimosa deal. Everything I've had on the menu rocks. The banker's special is a favorite - a small pizza, a salad and a wine or PBR for around $9. The pizza is super good! The wings, breadsticks, salad, desserts are all tasty too! Plus, it is easy to take left overs as we live in the hood. The only issue is sometimes there isn't enough service as they often have a large crowd with few staff members. But, this is usually during the weird hours I end up there. At large meal times, they seem to be fully staffed. You have to see the place for yourself. A Victorian mansion meets modern functionality, in a great neighborhood to boot!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,6/24/2014,105,388,6,10,10>8 years to write 300 reviews. So let's make it something special.I l*love* seafood and sushi. I recently went to the super popular spot on S. Pearl to celebrate my birthday and really enjoyed it. Then, a few days later, I was craving more sushi and in the general vicinity of this restaurant. Remembering fellow yelper Samantha E's raves about this place, I decided to give it a try. SO SO SO glad I did.Pros:1) fresh tasty fish. Generously portioned.2) Parking lot. No hassle parking counts for a lot.3) Happy Hour ($1 on select nigiri) is when you dine in. Anytime they're open. it should be called "Happy Dining In!!"4) friendly attentive service.Cons:1) it's far away from where I live (I suppose this is not their fault)2) small restaurant. I hope it doesn't get too busy. 3) rolls are kind of expensive. Luckily, I'm figuring out that I really just like nigiri and sashimi anyway.ETA: Been back several times for lunch. My friend and I like to order a lot of nigiri, which is the most economical way to go. Today, we also got the lunch sashimi special (10 pieces for $10.50). We also love the spicy scallops nigiri!!! We can usually get out for about $30.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,6/23/2014,288,412,1,9,6>If you're in the area and craving a bowl a Pho you can find a decent one here. It's certainly not the best, but it'll do in a pinch. I will say that the crispy spring rolls are pretty darn good and I always start with those when I come here. The Pho itself doesn't quite have the depth of flavor that I usually seek out, but it's pretty satisfying. I've recently stumbled across the combination rice plate and it's now my go to at Pho 77. Deliciously marinated beef, chicken, and shrimp served with rice and pickled veggies all topped with a perfectly cooked fried egg. It's more than enough food to leave you full and happy. I have a hard time choosing anything else when I'm here. The staff, usually one waiter, is very attentive and always ready to refill your water glass or get you something else you may need. It's fairly close to my work so it's been an occasional lunch stop more than several times. Do yourself a favor and give them a try. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,6/22/2014,257,1564,5,9,7>When I saw the phrase 'water ice,' I had to check this place out. It's a little piece of my homeland (The Delaware Valley) here in Denver. I got a lemon water ice and loved every tart/sweet spoonful. On a hot summer day, that hits the spot better than ice cream. I will be here often when things heat up.I returned a week later with the bf, who was just as excited to have some Philly-style water ice. I tried the Nutella ice cream, which was pretty good.Jim the owner is friendly and happy to talk about his big plans for Ice Cream Riot--we talked water ice (a Philly take on Italian ice), Irish potatoes (a delicious confection virtually unknown outside the Delaware Valley), and soft pretzels. If he can make Philly soft pretzels happen here in Colorado, I will have to change my commute so I can stop in regularly.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,6/21/2014,80,136,4,10,8>Eat Good, Feel Good, Do Good - Lyfe says it and does it.  Fresh ingredients, happy staff, perfect location.  You can't get into Park Meadows mall without see the huge Lyfe Kitchen sign from the County Line exit.  Inside the mall but visible from the outside, plenty of parking and an outside patio.Go there for the Tal's Grain Bowl alone - the four of us raved about it.  Also, Art's fried chicken - what? Delicious.  Roasted Brussels Sprouts - come on...to die for.  Had the sweet corn chowder - just a touch of fire - again I'd go there just for that.  Topped it off with Chocolate (can't go wrong here) Budine - pomegranate chia, cha cha cha chia seeds with toasted almonds.  Catch my drift - healthy And delicious.  Seriously.  Get in there before you need to know the owners to get a seat.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,6/20/2014,143,217,10,7,9>Follow me, dear Yelp friends, on a little journey through this narration...Imagine, you just finished getting your butt handed to you in a workout class and are wandering around in a zombie like state in Cherry Creek. Suddenly, the succulent smell of crepes fills your nostrils and you float into Crepes n Crepes on 3rd.Your waiter tries to talk to you, but you are too busy drooling (either from the delicious smells coming from the kitchen or from the fact that you can no longer feel your legs from said workout).After placing your order, you take in the charming little patio and day dream while staring at their fountain. You are interrupted by the heavenly aroma of French onion soup. Literally the best invention (in your highly important opinion) in French cuisine. Your waiter tells you to be careful because it is "violently" hot. You ignore him and start guzzling the soup and burn the crap out of your mouth.Good thing you ordered the fruit salad with the honey lime creme sauce to cool it down. As you enjoy the feeling of fullness and hope that it overshadows the distant memory of your workout teacher pushing you past the point of flexibility, you realize that you have found a true gem and will definitely be back.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,6/19/2014,137,174,3,14,4>I love visiting State Parks, they are the second best thing to National Parks for me. I wanted to take advantage of the beautiful Denver weather the past weekend and didn't want to travel far, so I did some research and discovered Castlewood Canyon State Park outside Parker.  I packed up my hiking gear and the pup, and off we went!  Castlewood Canyon State Park is beautiful.  It is nestled away from all the city hustle and bustle.  It was not too crowded on a sunny Sunday.  Unfortunately, the trails were limiting due to ice that was still present.  I really wanted to do Inner Canyon trail but the conditions were not great.  So, Tucker and I settled for Canyon View Nature Trail, which was an incredibly easy stroll around the canyon.  It was beautiful but I would have preferred a much more challenging hike.  We did the loop three times, just to get our steps in.  I think this would be the perfect spot to take children.  I probably wouldn't do that particular trail again since I prefer a challenge, but I would return for the inner canyon trails once the snow melts.  I definitely recommend Castlewood Canyon for a quick escape from the city with the fam!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,6/18/2014,102,242,3,10,7>Anytime I see a deal for Bastien's, I purchase it! They really know how to make a great steak. Made reservations for 5pm since we were going to the Vintage Theatre afterwards to see the play A Song for Coretta.Were seated right away and our server, Shasta, brought us waters as soon as we sat down.Started off with the stuffed mushrooms (delicious) and a Sam Adams Boston Lager and an Alaskan Ale. The hostess brought us a basket of bread (so warm and tasty with butter).  I ordered the 10 oz. sugar steak (my favorite) and Calina ordered the Lala steak.  It came with a salad and we both ordered the special jalapeño mashed potatoes.The steaks were cooked just right and were so flavorful it didn't need anything else.Shasta, our server, was friendly, helpful and efficient. Plenty of parking and the place was very vibrant.Always a great dining experience!!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,6/17/2014,217,97,16,8,11>Before reading any further, you should know...  THIS IS ABOUT GO FISH DELIVERY ONLY!The following is the conversation that I had in my mind, right before I ordered sushi.   With Myself."Delivery sushi?Such a thing exists?No way.Can't be any good.I once had sushi from a gas station, and I bet it's on the same order as that!Don't lie, that never happened.Well... it happened to a friend of mineSeriously, stop lying.Fine.   But it would have been cool if it did.There are plenty of gas stations that have better than average food.   Look at that BBQ place in Kansas City, Oklahoma Joe's!Whatever.   Can we get back to the point?What's that?  That a sushi place delivers?Yeah, well.Ohhh!  Look! Online ordering!That's AWESOME!  Then you can avoid almost all human contact except for the delivery guy!  HELLS YEAH I CAN! I AM SOOOO GOING FOR IT!!!..."You get the picture.  I was skeptical.   I ordered online.   I even screwed up and had to call them to tell them I screwed up.   I forgot to tell them I needed to put in a card.   The first guy guided me to how I would fix that online, and was pretty kind about it.   I hung up, and got lost again.... and just as I was about to give up and call, the manager called and let me know she would help me out.   The sushi was tasty and did not taste anything like what I imagine gas station sushi tastes like.   The service was friendly and fast.  They had a wide variety of rolls and the online menu was easy to navigate and gave options for each order.   For instance- you could order the white tuna in either sashimi or sushi just by clicking "white tuna" AND you could order the spider roll as a had roll or a standard roll.   It was very user friendly and made my 'anti-wanting to talk to people' experience better until I forgot my CC.   What more could you ask for in a place that delivers sushi!?
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,6/16/2014,75,67,9,14,14>Why should eating in an airport be quick, impersonal(as in next) and BAD? I think we're entitled to better after all we've bought tickets and maybe even dressed up a bit because we're going on a trip! Those are the thoughts that were instilled in us as kids, dress up and and have sit down lunch at the airport; wow have things changed in 2014. Well not here at Root Down DIA. As I was choosing between bad and worse in terms of food selection that are healthily I came upon Root Down. Yes it's the smaller sister of Root Down Denver but it's at the airport; what a concept, healthy food in the land of everything fast.So what got me, really and I mean REALLY got me was as I was waiting to be seated(by the window) I heard the "legend of the Boardwalk" himself, Sinatra singing, "give me 5 minutes more" and that sold be right there the perfect song for me to slow down and enjoy an excellent lunch!Yes, it was the music that got me to slow down and what a lunch I had.Root Down's DIA branch served be a great house salad of just perfect mesculen leaves that were not overly dressed and a few pear tomatoes that still had a summer taste to them even in January. I was happy!Next came my Carrot and Thai Basil soup, which on it's own was excellent but the addition of apple and pear 'chutney" put it over the top. Warm, smooth but great texture that clung to my spoon and so much that I want to go back to childhood and lick the spoon...but, I was happy I mean really happy for an hour out of my day. I guess the feeling of the space was echoed by the Oldsmobile 88 hood ornaments decorating the walls, you may ask Olds 88, well it's the airplane motif, overall it's just cool period. Now getting back to the music during my meal not only was Frank Singing but the Rat Pack too, I swear it was really a throwback to old school flying in a time where airports were a place to hangout before your flight, have a martini and marvel at stewardesses dressed from head to toe and wearing gloves...those indeed were different times but this is how Root Down made me feel and the food from top to bottom has not let me down. So if you're at DIA and you see me chilling to the beat you've come to the right place!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,6/15/2014,389,548,5,12,13>The perfect bike riding destination (especially when I'm with Cousin who prefers her mid-ride drink to be wine versus beer).In addition to brewing beer, they also have a nice variety of guest taps.  I couldn't choose anything that I wanted a whole pint of so I opted for a flight (you choose five beers) of all of their on site brewed offerings.I typically try not to drink too much when I have 15 miles ahead of me, so I was actually hoping some of the beers wouldn't be that great so I wouldn't be tempted to drink all of them.  Not the case!  I found all of their beers to be solid, even the styles I don't typically order (such as the Tangled schwarzbier and Proper Gentleman English strong ale).  The porter and the pink saison went down the fastest, however.Ambience was comfortable with bench style tables and a nice bar.  They offer food as well and it looked pretty good.  I think next time we'll skip lunch beforehand and make this our one stop shop.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,6/14/2014,2089,519,15,19,18>High-Flyin'My friend and I got our Aerial Yoga on this past Sunday during an intro session. What better way to discover and experience new yoga styles then going with a fellow yoga teacher & taking this awesome class together ;) I do appreciate the 'intro to aerial yoga' session to get acquainted with how things work and basically allowing your body to be comfortable with the silk and suspension.I am use to a more rigorous yoga flow and, though this intro class was pleasant & helpful, I wouldn't recommend it to those wanting an intermediate or advance type session. With that said, it was the perfect pace and difficulty level to gain the basic skills to utilize and build upon to eventually become an aerial expert. After that intro, I feel that I'm personally set to take it up a notch, though one more intro class with the girls would be icing on the learning curve cake. The space is also very welcoming. The layout isn't something I'm use to for a yoga studio but it works out nicely. It's clean and has a homey feel upon entering. They also offer many other courses and special events that may entice you. Just remember to sign up online & save yourself a spot @ the class you'd like to take.  It's currently half off for first time visitors and I've also seen a great living social deal for Figure Yoga that may still be available- always a good choice if your local to this place. Definitely go on their site & give them a call for more info.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,6/13/2014,809,1185,9,21,12>I wanted to try a new place for breakfast instead of our normal places and sold the BF on coming to Fooducopia after it appeared on a list as one of the top places for Brunch in Denver.  It took a little time, but I eventually I convinced him.  Fooducopia is half restaurant and half market with a beautiful outdoor patio that may have more seating than the indoor seating area.  The space inside is quaint with a dozen tables or so with a tiny kitchen in the back.  When the warmer weather comes and these freak May snow storms go away, I can see myself with the rest of Denver vying for a spot on that patio.The food is why everyone should come here, and coming back for seconds and thirds.  The breakfast menu is one page and offers French toast, Omelets, Benedict's, and the like.  I guarantee you will find something you will love. I decided on the Savory French toast served with mushrooms, tomato's, spinach, goat cheese with hollandaise on the side.  I enjoy French toast and have had it at several different places and this one is by far one of the best I've had.  The amount of French toast I received was ridiculous, two people could easily split the dish and be fully satisfied.  The ingredients all complimented each other perfectly and the hollandaise was creamy and rich and acted like a savory syrup to pour over my French toast.  I want this dish over and over and over again.  The BF decided on the Burrito with shredded pork and I was able to snag a few bites.  The Burrito must have had a whole pound of shredded pork inside, no joke, it was an over stuffed burrito.  We also shared a side of breakfast potato's.  This was a mistake since the side of potato's was like a whole other dish, it was too much food for the two of us for sure.  Excellent potato's, homemade and had a crispy exterior the way all breakfast potato's should.  Fooducopia also offers Mimosa's and Bloodies and a few other libations for us morning drinkers.  I tried the Bloody and enjoyed the flavor as well as the crispy piece of bacon sticking out of the top.  Now having tried Fooducopia I can definitely say it's one of the best Brunches in Denver and I would choose it over Snooze any day of the week.  Trust me - one of the best if not the best Brunch in Denver.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,6/12/2014,96,358,1,8,10>It's only been one week, and I'm already a regular at Sugarmill. I've stopped in on three separate occasions and have plans to return and try out their new menu come March 1. VISIT 1 - Sweet I was celebrating Valentine's a day early with my sweetheart. We took seats at the bar but instead of eyeing the menu we got fixated on the savory and sweet preparations before us. Chef Noah French prepares each dish with care and expertise. I could easily be entranced for hours. We finally settled on the chocolate jasmine bar and apple almond tart. What we thought would be our first (and only) course was actually #2 of 3. When you are offered an amuse bouche of lightly sweetened cream puffs with brandied cherries, you don't say no. The jasmine bar was rich and chocolately beyond desire but my favorite flavor was the muscavado ice cream. On return visits I've seriously debated asking if I can buy the entire tub. Or how about I bring an empty pint to pack? Things to consider...Our third course was two raspberry truffles gifted to us for Valentine's day. Break through the chocolate shell and you'll be rewarded with a creamy meltaway center. A truffle experience you won't soon forget.VISIT 2 - TemptationsWe eagerly returned the next day at 4:30pm to snag a table for Valentine's day. However, we didn't realize it was a fixed price menu and had really wanted to sample the full menu offerings. Noah sensed our distress and we agreed to return on a later night. But first? A sample of the light and sweet champagne sorbet. VISIT 3 - SavoryJust days later we were back, claiming our now usual seats at the bar, for a full dinner experience. Looking at the food preparations we immediately decided on the beet hummus currently being prepared. The bright pink color pulled us in. The dish actually offers two kinds, golden and red. I found the golden to have more flavor, but both were an interesting new take on the classic chickpea dish. We then accidentally (though I don't regret it) chose two mushroom-focused dishes, the mushroom toast and the pasta special. We also enjoyed more cream puffs, this time made savory with salmon and pickled onion.The toast won me over without a fight. A large slice of charred bread piled high with roasted mushrooms and greens. Drizzled in olive oil, you'll raise a white flag and give in too.  The pasta featured housemade fettuccine, parmesan mushroom cream sauce, artichokes, and a crispy salmon. The dish was full of familiar and new (I've never had salmon crisped like this) and was a portion big enough to share. We finished our evening with a latte and when we refused dessert (I know, I know, but we were really stuffed) we were offered complimentary macarons, lemon and mocha. Next time we'll know better and just order something to share. ---If I could, I would frequent Sugarmill even more than I currently do. I would love to sit at the counter with my work, jamming out to the soul music, taking in the scents, snacking on sweet bites, and watching Noah and his crew do their thing.Chef Noah French makes it so you can't not come back, and he does so with genuine care and a love of the food he presents.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,6/11/2014,72,63,1,10,6>A true diamond in the rough....literally!! I used to think this was an old car parts store and passed it many times until one day we had a friend in town and wanted some delicious breakfast grub. We found carnation on Yelp and knew we couldn't pass this up with the raving reviews.It owned up to every single positive review and MORE! Seriously, if I could give this place 10 stars, I would.  The service is so prompt and fast, I almost couldn't drink my coffee because I had a refill after every couple sips and it stayed so hot.  The food is every bit as amazing as the price. This place has some seriously good customer service. The owner, Danny, came over to our table and we had a wonderful conversation with him. His passion for his customers and what he does was so admirable. I just can't get over what a great experience we had at this local breakfast joint that reminded me of hitting the diner in the morning with my dad growing up.I will be back countless times.PS The country fried steak is amazing, and the skillets are amazing, and the green chili is amazing....heck, it's ALL amazing!!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,6/10/2014,125,180,5,12,8>Oh ma lawwwwwd!Apps we ordered:Steuby snacks --(delicious)Deviled Eggs --(good)Entrees/sandwiches we ordered:Skirt steak w/ fries --(delicious)Skirt steak w/ brussel sprouts --(delicious)Green Chili Burger (delicious) w mac n' cheese  --(OK--tasted like Stouffers microwave--but hell it's mac n cheese)This place has an atmosphere that's bustling, social and upbeat.  The service, and best of all hearty, delicious comfort food was truly a memorable experience.  Loved our experience.  Will come back to destroy more food!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,6/9/2014,297,159,15,13,15>Two Stepping, Cowboy Hats, And Gaying It Up In Denver :)Going to Charlie's was a surreal experience since I have never been to a western bar. The people here know the choreorgraphy to all those line dancing songs and all of them are different! It is fun to see definitely, but sometimes the people are so busy trying to remember all these steps that they don't look like they're having all that much fun. Also guys can slow dance together which I thought is a romantic dance and when the song is over they're gone. How different the things I saw here. Charlie's is really for the western enthusiast. However, the people were nice and I bet you can find someone to teach you new dances if you are open and clueless like I am :) I DID A WALTZ!!! I felt like the most clumsiest, two left footed, quasi Disney Princess ever! Not graceful at all, but it was a hoot! But sometimes dancing to these songs I want to breakout into freestyle :) Two step?! I'm breakdancing! Lol!After watching a little dancing and trying it for myself I explored the rest of the bar. They do have a room where they play more dancey music where you can get more "crunk", but it doesn't seem to be the attraction here. There are also pool tables so if dancing isn't your thing or if you just need a breather you can knock some balls around. I feel like this is a place you have to go if you are in Denver just to see how different the gay scene can be here. You don't need to dress up at all. I don't think there is a cover charge. And it is a pretty chill place to get a drink. I do want to go back one day because I did have a positive experience :)
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,6/8/2014,185,459,7,8,7>Unless you count the horse-choking amount of calories, you can't go wrong with Denver Biscuit Co.Another advantage of their host bar moving to my neighborhood is that I get to have DBC whenever I want.  We've been coming here for weekend breakfast regularly.  The advantage of going with someone else is that you can order 2 different ones and sample half of each.  The Cordon Bleu is my favorite.  The chicken is tender and tasty, but the honey butter makes the sandwich.  The biscuits themselves are quite large, very flaky, and somewhat addictive.  Fortunately they are filling enough that ordering a second one is impossible to comprehend.Good stuff, I'm tellin ya!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/7/2014,19,145,7,7,5>The drinks. Oh my God the drinks. First off, be prepared, as they're stronger than you think and you won't realize it until you're out the door. So good. The service is amazing, quick with drink recommendations and water refills. The place is consistently PACKED, so be prepared to either wait or share a table. Last time I went I ordered the mac & cheese to gorge on in between rye cocktails. Delicious. Also, there's an abundance of bearded men here, which usually makes me add another star. Ah, ambiance.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,6/6/2014,111,186,3,15,8>This was my first KBBQ meal in Denver and it wasn't disappointing. They brought out a huge plate of assorted meat and let our table go at it. The staff was young and very personable. They answered every question that I had and brought out everything we asked for without hesitation. And never hesitated to bring us more sides or meat (which was often as we were a table of 7!). Some of the KBBQ places I've been to in the past are a lot less accommodating, but Dae Gee definitely made sure we were comfortable. I also asked for the flat square rice paper noodle wrap and that's the only thing they didn't have. So if you're looking for that like I was, then you might have to look elsewhere. I later asked my friend about it and she said it's more of an LA thing.Galbee has always been my favorite. Even though you are limited to a single serving of the short rib, its a flavorful generous thick cut that's falling off the bone and will melt in your mouth. But don't misinterpret that, all the other meats are good too (although, I could personally do without the chicken, it just takes way too long to cook). More bulgogi and brisket, please!!Just a few tips that I figured out: If you're using your iphone maps app and coming from the south, it will tell you to make a U-turn and the destination is on the left, which is confusing. It is just before 76th and on the right, no U-turn necessary! Also, parking is awesome, so take your pick of parking spaces. Finally, there were stickers, coasters, and mints to grab on the way out.  I just couldn't resist a coaster (or two) and a sticker with their simplistic pig logo.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/5/2014,105,239,8,9,9>Ok, let me start this by saying that I RARELY give out 5 stars.  It is a very big deal to me!  It should be to you too, so don't judge me!  I have had garbanzos...meh...I've had a number of similar places and everyone fails to compare to SAJ!  This place is consistently nice, fun staff, clean, accommodating, and F'ing DELICIOUS!  The house is ABSOLUTELY packed and for good reason!!!!!  I usually order the Beef Shawarma sandwich and today was no different!!!!!  It was perfectly prepared!!!!  The pickles are marinated in a magic juice that will leave you craving them for days!!!!  The jalapeño paste is something like a unicorn and if I keep going you're going to think this place is the Mecca of Mediterranean food...That's because IT IS!!!!!  Welcome to heaven Yelpers!  You may enter and enjoy an eternity of happiness and satisfaction!!!!!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,6/4/2014,103,577,1,17,11>Quite the menu this place has! I love the selection that is mostly a la carte sort of like tapas. They didn't really have any seafood on the menu which was exciting to see because it seems like seafood is taking over every carnivore friendly restaurant lately. Oh, and if you are a non-carnivore there are a few options here for you as well.As far as portions go you can order enough for family style or you can order just enough for personal size. I had a hard time deciding what to get because everything sounded good. I ended up ordering the smallest portion of short rib and a side of polenta. The hubs ordered the pork shoulder and the plantains. Just the right amount of food!Prices were very reasonable and the service was helpful. The space itself is pretty small and quite loud but I am looking forward to more meals here again!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,6/3/2014,345,277,10,23,18>If I lived closer to the Corner House I would be there every weekend.  I live in Parker and it's well worth the drive and I can't say that about a lot of places. The decor is organic.  I walk in and I get a calming and friendly vibe from the entire space.The service - the few times I have been there it has always been stellar.  My coffee is never empty and the food is timed nicely.  They make you feel like one of the family.The food - There is something for everyone.  It's both focused and diverse at the same time.  The flavor combinations and choices are spot on and really make me happy.  This past weekend I had brunch and it did not disappoint.  What magically hit our table were Oysters Rockefeller, Black Beans (more like a dip), Clam Chowder, Quinoa/Spinach Salad, and Belgium Waffles.  The stand out dish was the Oysters Rockefeller.  I always give extra credit to a dish than can change my mind about a particular food item.  This did that as I'm not a fan of cooked oysters.  The toppings made this with an odd combination of chorizo, spinach and ginger - it was phenomenal.  The presentation of the Black Beans immediately took me to the Shrimp Cocktail scene in Beetlejuice.  I waited for a moment after it was placed on the table but it didn't start dancing and grabbing everyone's face.  It would have been so cool if it had but it didn't.  It was yummy to say the least. What I loved about the Clam Chowder is that they let it stand on it's own.  Unlike the stuff that comes in the can that is almost solid and could possibly stand on it's own.  This was much more light and it didn't feel heavy as it let the flavors of the natural ingredients stand on their own.  I paired that with the Quinoa/Spinach Salad which was also nicely presented and tasted fresh and clean.  My dining companion had the Belgium Waffles and she was not disappointed. One of my favorite items on the menu is the coffee, which comes from Elevation Coffee Company.  It's a medium to dark roast but doesn't take like it and is served with real cream and little golden nuggets of cane sugar.  If you haven't tried this it will change the way you want your coffee.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,6/2/2014,190,322,8,11,6>Unless I'm at a ball game, hot dogs rarely sound good to me. So it wasn't until I noticed CJ's had gyros that I decided to make a stop.Walking up to the shed/shack/shanty, I had second thoughts. However, the creeping regret quickly dissipated when the sandwiches arrived. Despite my craving for Gyros, I opted for the Italian Beef. It was the BEST sandwich I've ever had. Ever. Had. Served in a plastic quasi-casserole dish, CJ's Italian Beef was a Heavenly creation. Godly. The meat, giardiniera and au jus bread melded together in an orgy of flavor unlike any other. It was spectacular!!! And did I mention it came from a glorified shed? Pretty incredible. The gyros, as it turns out, were pretty great too. They would have been better with some sriracha, but still wonderful. This is an awesome discovery.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,6/1/2014,142,356,3,6,6>I'm going to have to say that the Jamaican Grill is a great addition to the near downtown food area.  Caribbean is a much needed food genre in general in Denver and now I can count on Caribbean Bakery on Colfax and Jamaican Grill near Santa Fe.I was really a fan of the bright greens and yellows and open space of the place.  The food was actually large in portion and the selection was pretty wide (not eating meat for a while).  I had the Stew Fish and tasted some of the sauce on the Oxtail and Curried Mutton.  I thought the flavors were ok, though the stew fish was overly sweet, though that may be what it is supposed to taste like.  I will be back to try the oxtail as that flavor appealed most of the three.  Goat curry is one of my all time favorite foods, so am curious as to how they achieve it with mutton.Pricewise, I think they charge a little too much, but the lunch special sound like the best deal.Overall I am interested in exploring the rest of the menu....though I cannot completely cheat on the goodness of Caribbean Bakery.  I will find what I like from each.....to be continued.DT
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/31/2014,242,830,6,10,7>The Buffet at the Monarch Casino just... Blew me away!Whole Maine Lobster?  Prime Rib?  Snow Crab Legs both Chilled and Steamed?  Chilled, Peeled Shrimp?  And a bunch of other stuff that's just... Shall we say, the icing on the cake?Yes.  Please.Oh, and it's $19.  Yup.  Nineteen.  Dollars.Pro Tip:  On the day you join the Monarch Casino's loyalty rewards program, if you spend $20 on slots (Which, let's face it, you will)... You get a free buffet.Yeah, so I'm in.The buffet itself was sparkling clean and well-tended.  The entrees were fresh, the carving station attendant was present... and, get this... FRIENDLY!!  (Guy from Hawaii, I'm talking to you!  Hope you and your Girlfriend have a great time in Honolulu!)  The service was fantastic.  Obviously, I made friends with the Prime-Rib-Carver-Lobster-Server Guy.... But then there was the table service.  Very sweet girl who was checking in often enough to be useful to refill drinks, but not obnoxious.  As for the quality of the foods... because, you know... Buffets can be scary... My lobster was about a pound and a quarter (see photos) and fresh, sweet, buttery, plain awesome.  Prime Rib was well-seasoned and tender (though to my tastes, could be offered a little more Rare... But I've learned in Colorado that the masses aren't so fond of the bleeding cow meats. So  I made do with pinkish.)  But it was so tender... Yum!  The crab legs were just fantastic.  I had the hot ones, and they were fresh and meaty.  Cold is your thing?  I had the cold, peeled shrimp... they somehow managed to be not-mushy and not-slimy and darn good.I went back for seconds.And thirds.And dessert.You may not eat the next day (I sure didn't)... And that makes the reasonable $19 price tag even more reasonable.I can't wait to go up again!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/30/2014,226,218,4,7,7>A friend and I went to Angelo's this week because I had gotten a smokin' Travelzoo deal for the place. It was also my birthday and since the voucher was going to expire, I figured it would be a great time to use it.They had our 7:30 reservation on the books and we were seated right away. Angelo's is really cute - bar on one side, dining area on the other. Very casual and warm vibe. Started with a bottle of Pinot Noir and  some chargrilled oysters - the original and also bacon Gorgonzola. YUM. We also got a few raw oysters - unfortunately I don't remember which ones - but they were also fabulous.  The manager then gave us a sample of the chipotle bourbon chargrilled oysters and they were equally good. By this point we were getting full, but we forged on...For entrees we shared a small pizza (#4 RHCP) and the veal agnolotti and both were delicious. Really nice homemade pasta with great veal filling. Light sauce - rich but not too heavy. The pizza had sweet/hot peppers and other yummy toppings that made my mouth happy. I can't go just handing out 5 star reviews - maybe Angelo's will hit that mark some day - but for now I'm definitely a fan and will for sure be back. Oh and p.s. they have a great outdoor patio area and both our server and manager were super nice!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,5/29/2014,174,249,3,17,11>I am a huge fan of the ever-so-romantic B&W! Coming here over the years, it has been a treat to experience so many delicious items from their seasonally changing menu! In addition, I recently learned that they offer a dairy-free menu that offers a variety of mouthwatering selections.On our most recent trip with some fantastic friends, we had the pleasure of sitting upstairs. Every single time we have been to B&W (aside from this one), we have requested to be seated down in Wine Cellar, as it is more private and affords some tranquility and quietness for conversation. Apparently since the last time we had been in, they are enforcing a minimum dollar amount to be seated downstairs and for a Thursday night, it was a $500! No worries though because a fantastic time was had in a cozy booth upstairs! We started our meal with a hodgepodge of drinks and appetizers! My favorite cocktail that we consumed several of over the course of our meal was the Violet You're Turning Violet - which was a nice combination of house-infused violet vodka and lemon juice - served with a couple fresh blueberries on top! Some of the other cocktails we sampled were very creative and quite tasty! The Farmer in the Rye had to win as the most inventive, which was created with a nice rye whisky, some orange, and a squash puree! Not only was this drink filling, but it was pretty tasty! On the other side of the spectrum, for desert, I had some temperature-hot cocktail with tequila that I would not recommend! Something about warmed up cinnamon tequila that was difficult to swallow...Our appetizers we ordered came out promptly and were also quite tasty! We had the crawfish beignets, the mussels (which came in a nice bacon broth), the cheekory salad (which had some nice confit pork cheeks and sausage), and the gnocchi (I don't remember what it was made with, but I know it was not your traditional gnocchi and it was actually quite good!).For our entrees we all ordered something totally different to be able to sample a variety of the menu. We ran into a brief snag in our otherwise seamless service, when all of our entrees came out except for one. The manager stopped by and said that our friends' Boar Burger wasn't cooked to the liking of the chef and that it needed to be redone. I appreciate the step-up from management, and thankfully for our sharing nature, no one went hungry in this meal! Entrees ordered were the Porkterhouse (a nice big cut of pork that carried a nice smokey flavor), the Fish & Chips (which came with some nice shoe-string potatoes), the Boar Burger (which was an apricot and boar burger that was one of the nest burgers I have had the pleasure of putting into my pie-hole), while I ordered the Mushroom Risotto. Compared to the other dishes on our table, I feel like the Risotto was outshines by the burger and the Porkterhouse, and would have been much better as a side accompaniment than an entree itself. For dessert, we had the black velvet cake (which came with a crazy good gelato!) and a special apple cobbler, which was dairy-free! I am not a fan of apples and my bite of the cobbler was excellent!I appreciate this restaurant for serving a creative and appetizing seasonal menu that shines in the area of creativity! I once had an oxtail here that I am still raving about (and secretly hope it will return soon!). If you are looking for a romantic meal or looking for a true food adventure, look no further! B&W will serve your purposes nicely!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/28/2014,452,518,7,14,11>First time we tried to get into The Plimoth it was not even 5:30pm and they were already full to capacity. If you take nothing away from this review, make sure you remember that they are ALWAYS busy, and reservations are necessary. This is a small place that is quickly gaining a LOT of city interest. Why are they always busy? BECAUSE THEIR FOOD IS GREAT. Not only that, the prices are reasonable, with apps coming in at approximately $10 or less, and all entrees costing at or around $20. Take my word for it, given the exceptional quality of the food, that is an absolutely rock solid value. Now to the food. We ordered two apps: the cauliflower turnip gratinee and the pork rillette. Both were very good, though if you're choosing only one app, the cauliflower turnip gratinee topped with perfectly prepared boutique mushrooms cannot be beat. Our entrees were the beef shank with fingerling potatoes and the crackling chicken with shrimp etouffee, respectively. Both were extremely tasty, with the chicken edging out the beef in taste by a very small margin. Last, for dessert we split the pot de creme and that might have been the best bite of the night for me (which is saying a lot as I loved everything). Perfect consistency, perfect sweetness, perfect richness. Coupled with a cappuccino it was truly exceptional. **Run, don't walk, to The Plimoth.** If for some reason you can't make reservations, go at off times in order to MAYBE get a seat at the bar or counter. This restaurant is unfortunately quite small so seating capacity is significantly limited, and, given that The Plimoth is fast becoming one of Denver's premiere dining establishments, this is only going to get worse. Good problem to have, I guess.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,5/27/2014,158,145,6,15,12>The rumors are true.  This place is by far the best Pho joint in town.  And you'll know it as soon as you pull up.  It was hopping on a Sunday night and was busy, busy until closing!  But the Pho is great and the service is good too!The vegetarian Pho was fantastic.  It's been a search to find a really great veggie broth, but the search is over now.  It was so flavorful and tasty, I couldn't help but slurp it up.  The tofu was yummy and the abundance of veggies included was awesome!  The service was super attentive and everyone was really friendly.I know I'll be headed back here next time I need a Pho fix!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,5/26/2014,476,701,25,9,12>Hahahahaha! The people writing bad reviews for Bender's just don't get it. The name of the place is Bender's BRAT House. This isn't a fancy-schmancy restaurant and If you don't like brats, don't know what a homemade brat should taste like... then, why the hell are you eating here? Jeezus-duh-for-gawd-sakes why???This is not the  Panera "we serve soups that  came out of a bag" cheese sandwich making place or we serve only Continental Brand Sausages or only Johnsonville brats. Look at the menu when you walk in. "Sheboygan style brats" as in Sheboygan Wisconsin. As in a style of brats that has been around since the 1920's. Friggin' people these days! Gawwwwdammit!      Calm, must remain calm...Okay, so you see I thought we had lost Bender's 'cause I used to eat their food when they were down on Sable(?) when I used to have band practices out here. Well, my drummer moved and I gotta admit I forgot about them and when I tried to find the spot again it was gone. Well I had to come clear the hell out here to Bum-fuck Aurora for work and low and behold! Not more than a couple blocks from where my drummer used to live... Friggin Bender's!!! Yay and boo. Could you guys have moved any farther away from the rest of humanity? Sheesh! So yeah, If I'm out ever clear the fock out here again I'll def stop in but until then... well...  maybe I'll come all the way out here again for a brat but for crissakes guys!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,5/25/2014,40,132,3,8,6>I have been wanting to try Marco's for a while now and luckily for me and my tummy I finally did!  We ventured in here last night after the Secret Sipper upon the recommendation of Jeff S.  That was some yummy pizza for sure, ranking in my top 5.  We ordered the Hell's Kitchen and the Pistachio.  I can't decide which one was my favorite.  The fresh basil on the Hell's Kitchen really complimented the capicolla and salami.  The large amount of sausage on the Pistachio was awesome and paired well with the pesto since it was a white pizza. The crust is crispy in all the right places, the sauce doesn't take over the pizza like some other pizza's I have had and there was just the right amount of cheese.  Oh and the freshly grated Parmesan - well done. I was shocked that we had a couple of slices left over since there were 3 of us and they aren't that big. However, that is not a complaint.  I was the lucky recipient of taking the left overs home and not so sadly ate them for breakfast this morning.  Score one for me!   I am not too far from here every couple of months to get my hair cut so this may now be some place I stop to get dinner on my way home.  I can't wait to come back here!  Yay Pizza!!!!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/24/2014,50,68,12,10,10>I want this to be my best kept secret of brunch-dom.I shouldn't Yelp it, I shouldn't Yelp it, I shouldn't Yelp it...But, that would be a disservice to this amazing gem of Denver and the creative folks who run it.  So stop by, get latkes, and then... don't tell too many people, please.  Let's just keep this amongst ourselves.AHHHHH LATKES LATKES LATKES LATKESSorry, it slipped out. :(
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/23/2014,106,99,5,15,10>Thank you Dale Z for suggesting this place for happy hour! Their pierogies are absolutely delicious my favorite was anything with potato in it. The potatoes were so velvety and smooth. LOVED it. But the real show stopper is their flavored vodka. I'm not usually a huge vodka fan but I may have to change my tune after trying some of their delicious concoctions. If you go here, you HAVE to try their cinnamon vodka with coke. I was skeptical at first because it sounded weird but after my first sip, I was raving about it to everyone. The cinnamon really enhanced the flavor of the coke and brought out flavors I didn't know were there. Another yummy combination is pineapple vodka with pineapple juice with a splash of cranberry juice. The bartender and server were really great. They were very friendly and had lots of amazing drink combination suggestions. There are so many great things about this place, you just have to go and see for yourself.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/22/2014,220,1215,2,13,12>I love the outdoors!This is a review for the Meyers Homestead Trail portion of the ranch. It is a small very limited signage on the right before the main parking lot for walker ranch (if you are coming from boulder) There are a couple different parking lot options, one closer to the road, once closer to the trail head. The bathroom is at the upper parking lot. We did the hike on a Saturday morning in April. We left Denver around 9:30am, made the parking lot by 10:30/11am. There was plenty of parking since it was early in the season. There is very little shade, as in, none except at the top.The trail is pretty wide, so you can traverse side by side with your co-hikers. That day there were limited bikes, mainly because it was early April, but also i've read that this trail isn't that big of a challenge to the bikers. They have added a connector trail between this trail and the main Walker Ranch trail, so i expect there will be more traffic as the season gets going.I enjoy the hike and think it will be beautiful when the wildflowers really get going, but the idea of being on the trail in high sun seems miserable! Maybe a sunset jaunt might be a better idea for that.The hike is 2.5 miles out and back. Not really much chance of getting lost and if you want to see the status of the trails the range tweets - how coolbouldercounty.org/os/par
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/21/2014,285,768,3,14,12>This is such a super cute cafe. It reminds me so much of a place you would find in Portland, which is right up my alley. My husband and I each had a sandwich, I had the ham and berry sandwich. I never eat ham, and frankly the work just grosses me out, but reading the description of this sandwich, I just couldn't resist. And it was so good! The ham paired with goat cheese and cinnamon cranberries all squeezed together on a panini press was delish!! So yummy!! And I loved the cucumbers instead of chips. It was a perfect lunch. I enjoyed a hot green tea with it. My husband had the Italian turkey which he loved. I tried a bite and indeed, it was quite Italian. The salami really gave what would be an ordinary turkey sandwich a punch.  He appreciated pretzels instead of chips too and he also enjoyed a hot tea. Weathervane is nearby my work, I'm going to have to see if they are open early because I'm thinking this would be a great place to stop by on the way home just to gather some thoughts and fill the belly.  I have to mention too, that Weathervane won my heart when they served us our meals on the same plates my grandmother had. It seemed so fitting.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/20/2014,152,243,14,21,20>Wahhh I'm 30 :(As some of you know I was having a heck of a time finding a place that would take a reservation for 8 people at 6:30pm on a Wednesday for my birthday dinner. Duo accommodated us, and we got the very nice table in the front by the window.I immediately ordered the Highland Underground, which was a beet infused vodka martini with blue cheese olives. I loved it. It was earthy and refreshing, and who doesn't love blue cheese olives? For an appetizer I ordered the Gruyere Gougeres which are essentially cheese pate a choux filled with sauteed mushrooms. They were phenomenal. My friend was lucky I shared 1/2 of one with her... I was feeling greedy... it was my birthday after all. The server said that was probably their most popular appetizer, the braised bacon steak being the second most popular. I tried my husbands braised bacon and found it way too soft and fatty for my liking, but he finished the whole thing.For dinner I got the brisket. It was melt-in-your-mouth cut-with-a-spoon delicious. This was also paired with beets and spaetzle. I've never had spaetzle- the crispness was a lovely compliment to the tender brisket. I had a gluten-free friend in attendance, who ordered the sea bass, and they happily substituted the breaded polenta cake that came with the dish with a gluten-free side dish of roasted root vegetables and lentils. We brought our own birthday cake (they charge a $3pp cake serving fee) and ordered coffee, and certain friends ordered more wine...We never felt rushed, and our server did a great job with our party and answered our questions thoughtfully. He explained things thoroughly and checked on us frequently without being overbearing. It was a fun, intimate celebration and not colossally expensive.I'm going back for brunch ASAP. And ordering a martini. That's what 30-year-olds do.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/19/2014,151,103,8,11,12>I've been to 3 other private practice dentists and I've never been told that I grind my teeth when I sleep and I have a crack in one of my front teeth.  Are other doctors not seeing this, or are they not telling me?!  EITHER WAY, I'M STICKING WITH DR. PHI.Here's my breakdown of Nouvelle Dentistry in order of importance in a medical perspective:1) The Doctor - Bedside Manner:  Dr. Phi has it.  She actually shakes your hand, looks you in the eye, and smiles when she greets you.  You listens to your concerns and she addresses them to the T with a very knowledgeable answer that doesn't dumb things down, nor does it go over your head.- Skill/Dexterity:  Impeccable.  I didn't know until I came to Nouvelle that a dental exam DOES NOT NEED TO HURT.  She and the staff is very gentle and I can tell the precision from feeling alone.  She's not tearing apart my gums.  I guess that's why they call it Dental CARE.2) The Instruments- Best dental instruments I've ever seen, hands down.  If you do your research like I do, you'll see that the instruments she has are top-notch.  You wouldn't go to a dentist who uses a screw driver + saw would you?  The instruments matter.  They allow you to see everything you need to see.  - Oral camera:  this camera she has is astonishing.  I've never been shown what the dentist actually sees.  This is what she used to show me about my oral habits and what was working and not working.  It's like a high def view of your mouth.3) The Staff- Amazing.  They're prompt in phonecalls, emails, everything.  They are incredibly courteous.  I can sit and talk to the receptionist like she's been my friend for many years.  They take care of the bills quickly and efficiently.  It's not something that you need to argue over the counter for an hour for.  4) The Environment Beautiful.  It's such a clean + modern office.  Do you really feel like you're getting a "cleaning" in your mouth when you're in an office that's not clean?  Guaranteed to feel clean here. **BTW, there's TV/Hulu/TED talks that you can watch in the MASSAGE exam chair.  That's right, get your dental exam while being massaged and watching your favorite show.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,5/18/2014,134,197,3,12,8>I don't know how I haven't reviewed Beta yet!? I've been here quite a few times and I still love it. It is easily the best dance music club in Denver and they always have the best DJ's in town here. I love the little beatport room upstairs which overlooks the main floor and has lots of couches and a small bar area. The lights is this room are rad. Downstairs is the main floor and once its packed its so much fun and the music sounds awesome. There is also a huge outdoor patio area and they put out heat lamps, thank goodness.The drinks are not cheap, but the prices aren't too crazy, $5 bucks for a beer, a little more for a cocktail depending what you get. I guess my only real gripes would be... it's 18 and over (which if you've over 21 you know why this kinda sucks & can be annoying), I wish they had like at least a 21+ night or something. Also, it would be cool if the music could also be played on the huge patio. Otherwise, excellent venue and great music. I will be back soon.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,5/17/2014,283,191,1,10,4>Oak at Fourteenth is a hip, contemporary restaurant right on 14th and Pearl in Boulder. It's rustic elements of metal and wood make this a truly enjoyable experience  for either lunch or dinner. The atmosphere  alone won me over, but their food is truly scrumptious. I have been a few times and every time I go I try something new and it's all outstanding. I went for lunch yesterday and tried their Thai Rice Noodle and Mango salad. I was extremely impressed with the amount of fresh ingredients. The rice noodles were perfect and topped with a bit of salad and fresh mango and cilantro. I could taste lemon along side a light Thai dressing. Wow, truly mouth watering. My friend chose the Grilled Chicken and Quinoa salad. I have to admit I had more than a few bites. Delicious to say the least. We all but licked our plates clean. If you ask the waiter he will bring you fresh bread and it's truly amazing.They also serve brunch. And I can't leave out their yummy house made doughnuts. We will be trying it again soon. Oak at Fourteenth is a beautiful addition to Pearl Street. If you are in the area you have to stop in and taste it for yourself.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/16/2014,154,252,2,12,10>It's a divey bar and grill, which I love.  The service can be hit or miss.  Although for an entire restaurant/bar, there only seems to be one person working the floor, so I suppose I can excuse the less than stellar service.There's quite an interesting menu.  Typical bar food and Vietnamese food.  Mixed together in perfect harmony.The noodle bowls are bomb. Don't mistake it for pho, because it's not.  Sort of close, but not. It's a big bowl full of broth, noodles, veggies, your choice of meat(s), and an egg roll.  Ask for it spicy (it's never too spicy).  Then add in some chili paste, if you're like me and like to taste the heat.  I usually go for the shrimp as the perfect compliment.  Big ole fat shrimps with the tail still on.  Yum.I recommend this place if I'm in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this dive.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,5/15/2014,11,66,5,14,10>Let's dispatch with any debate about New York pizza, Chicago pizza, or any other kind of pizza at the outset. Whatever kind of pizza Pieology is, it's really good pizza. For those of you familiar with Infinitus Pie (iPie), Pieology is the same concept. I really like iPie and based on my visit to Pieology tonight, I'm a big Pieology fan as well.$7.50 buys an 11-inch pizza with unlimited toppings. It's made on flat bread so that it cooks quickly, is delectably crisp, and is reportedly healthier than pizza dough. My recommendation - start with some olive oil on the crust to crisp it up and red pizza sauce; mozzarella and gorgonzola cheeses; spicy chicken, sausage, pepperoni, and ham; and, green peppers, onions, black olives, kalamata olives, mushrooms and fresh basil. 6 - 8 minutes later a crisp, piping hot and totally delicious pizza of whatever kind it is is delivered to your table. We didn't order any, but "afterbakes" are available as well - roasted red peppers, black pepper, EVOO, BBQ sauce, pesto, buffalo sauce can be added to your pie.Staff tonight deserve a special shout-out as well. All staff were young - teenage or young adult - it wasn't clear who was in charge, but they were all outstanding. They were very well trained, professional and friendly, and were all very focused on providing outstanding customer service. There's lots of seating, large groups could be comfortably accommodated, the decor is modern and "minimal," and the dining room was very clean.Almost all was well with my maiden visit to Pieology tonight, but alas, there was one problem - no anchovies! C'mon Pieology - pizza just isn't pizza without those slimy, salty, smelly little swimmers.But I'm a forgiving man and I'll forgive Pieology their indiscretion regarding anchovies and stick with my 5-star review. Every aspect of our visit tonight - dining room, service, food quality, value - were terrific. I strongly encourage Yelpers to give them a try - they have a good concept and I'd love to see them remain a part of the west side restaurant scene for a long time.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/14/2014,560,980,9,27,19>I am going to go 5 stars on my review.  4 would probably be just as fitting, but I found myself coming here three days in a row.  I came for the beer, but just as importantly, I returned for the service and atmosphere. The place may seem somewhat off the beaten path for some people (yes, it is further out than Dry Dock), but it is an easy drive for me to get there.  The interior is nice and open and inviting, with a high ceiling.  The staff, and Paige (1/2 of the owner couple) are friendly and helpful.  The beers are a bit of a mixed bag.  Everyone has their personal preferences.  For example, I am not a big IPA fan.  This is somewhat challenging, as it seems to be growing in popularity and it can limit my choices at certain places.  Two22 is currently pouring 8 beers (as of mid-March).  The beers are: Blonde, Milk Stout, Session IPA, Centennial Chocolate Porter, Wheat, Red Cinnamon, Simcoe IPA, and APA.  I have not tried the IPA's but have sampled (several times over) all the others.  The Blonde should really be called "bitter Blonde".  They freely admit this was their first batch of beer, and it turned out overly hoppy.  With this in mind, I know some beer drinking friends of mine who will probably love this concoction.  But, if one is looking for a softer traditional blonde, this one can be a bit off-putting (and this would explain a couple of the comments in the reviews of other people).  Of the remaining beers, the Stout and the Wheat were fine and I liked the subtle quality of the cinnamon (this is NOT an in your face artificially flavored, red-hots version).  My personal favorite is the Chocolate Porter.  I really enjoy the flavor and feel of this particular brew.  I had a pint of it every day I was there.  I think many people will be drawn to the APA.  This is a solidly well-balanced beer that basically reminds me as much of a good amber as it does of a pale ale.  Pricing is about $5 a beer, which seems to be the new norm for many breweries.  One can definitly feel better about paying this price here, since as part of their mission statement, Two22 is donating $2.22 of every $10 of profits to local charities (which is rather impressive).In summation, 4 star beer, averaged with 6 star service/atmosphere = 5 star review from me.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,5/13/2014,77,61,6,11,13>Awesome! Pretty much just awesome!I like to think of this place as a small gem tucked away off to the side.It is a smaller brewery, but has used good of the space they have to accommodate many guest coming in.Comfortable seating, from the bar to couches, large table's small tables and couple's tables spread out. It is a first come first serve kind of environment so come on in look for a place to sit; usually if it is packed people are friendly enough to share a big table with you!Very cozy laid back atmosphere but with lots of fun energy!This being said it helps to give eye contact when you are ready to order or need something instead of assuming she knows what you want when you don't look alert. She comes by to check on you don't get me wrong, but I have found this works well when you need something because the majority of people who come in sit back watch the game, bring out the cards and snacks, relax or fall into deep conversation, make themselves at home, kind of like your own personal bar but with a lovely lady to come around with delicious beer!!They do not serve food which is ok because their beer is awesome! ... Well yeah ok, but if you do want food they always have a fantastic food truck right outside in the parking lot where you can bring the food in!  My favorite is the CKrepes they are a must try!Now I am a bit picky about my beer but I feel they have a rotating variety of different beers mixed in with their main picks and have always found something I love!A fun note...My boyfriend brought me here on our second date and I have to shot out "Thank you Copper Kettle for helping him win some points!!" He ordered me the Mexican Chocolate Stout and oh my so delicious!One of my favorites, it was like love at first drink! oh wait I mean sight, love at first sight!?! ..... Ok well I did fall in love first with the beer, but hey good beer brings good men! - Cheers!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,5/12/2014,226,414,3,13,9>I'm bumping Ya Ya's to 5 stars because they're just awesome.As I have reported before, they continue to be my go-to happy hour when the need arises. Yummy food- especially the hummus and the mussels. And of course the wine pours are the best around.But the other reason I am bumping them to 5 stars is that they just catered our office Christmas lunch and did such a great job- really went above and beyond. We had the garlic chicken with olives, the lasagna, the spinach salad, and the caesar salad. Everyone raved about the food. We had planned to just have plastic ware but Ya Ya's decided that it would be too hard to each the delicious food that way and brought in linens and flatware for us- really making the whole affair so much nicer and festive. Pure yumminess.They also told me they're catering a mexican party over the weekend- so you're not restricted to just what is on the catering menu. The chefs are definitely talented so I would trust them with any event and anything you had in mind.I will definitely use them again for future events.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/11/2014,336,514,4,12,9>While I have only been to Jax for their killer happy hour, my boyfriend and a few of his colleagues wished to have a  night out with spouses and this was the restaurant of choice. I got excited right away, as I'm a seafood fanatic and rarely get to claim a date night with my man, so off we went.Our night was wonderful, minus a few things. Here's the breakdown:1. The staff is unbelievable. We were the first of our party of 12 to arrive so the hostess motioned for us to head to the bar to take part in their exceptional happy hour. We were greeted with smiles, engaged in conversation and given tips about what to order as an entree. Our sever was just as nice :)2. The food was great. I ordered the Sea Scallops and was surprised when only 3 showed up on my tiny plate surrounded in a spinach mixture. However, I was full after eating them all! My boyfriend loved the steak [as he hates seafood....haha.] and we noshed on some yummy bread to start!3. The atmosphere is very coastal chic, and homey. We were seated near the massive fish tank, which prompted quite the conversation piece, and was gorgeous to look at. We felt very at home and comfortable :)HOWEVER,Beware of the prices. While the food is prepared well and tastes delicious, it doesn't warrant it's price tag. I mean $30 for 3 scallops? $27 for a steak the size of a small child's fist? $10 for a half glass of wine? $3 for a slice of bread? UM NO. NO THANK YOU.While I enjoyed many things about this place, I will not return for dinner. Prices are too high for what you get.the end.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,5/10/2014,133,398,4,13,11>So when I first started, this was a Qi location. Qi is no more and this location is now Endorphin. While the name changed, the business of kicking butt and taking names has not stopped. Endorphin lives up to its name. After taking a HELLth class, a HIIT class or MPIT, you feel a wonderful rush of adrenaline, even though moments before you thought you were dying.With the name change, a new wave of high-intensity classes, tougher than anything you've ever experienced are offered here. The HIIT classes are intense, the cycling classes are fantastic, boxing is brutal and there's even a Stink & Drink class on Friday nights where you work hard, then enjoy a beer or a cocktail at Lowry Beer Garden afterwards.What I love about Endorphin has always been the community here. Before Qi/Endorphin, my gym experience was limited to big box gyms. While I took classes, I never had conversations with the instructors afterwards or even much interaction with the other students. It's commonplace for people to encourage during or after class and real friendships spring up from these interactions. Instructors remember you after 1 or 2 classes and call you by name, which gives you a good feeling.After being a member for 2.5 years, I felt this review needed a refresh/update. It's still a great place and  has just gotten better. Come check it out for the best workout of your life. You won't regret it.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/9/2014,263,617,8,16,13>What a pleasure to discover this place (that's been open since November)!Owner / entrepreneur Dave is not your mama . . . but he sure cooks like he is.We're talkin' absolutely delicious cafeteria-style diner food. And the low price and the high quality make this a place you should consider taking your loved one for a Guy Fieri Triple D-style treat. Locally-sourced everything is what this one-man band is all about. He's there, slaving in the kitchen and out front handling everything, day-in and day-out, producing down home comfort food that's actually scratch-made with lots of organic ingredients that's really really good.Had the brisket and rib ends today, along with a healthy kale/avocado salad, and a not so healthy, but absolutely incredible, Ghiradelli chocolate pie with fresh raspberries mixed right in. Unbelievable that the pie was included as one of my "sides." (Entree, homemade biscuit, and 2 sides for $9.99, which entitles you to a Boylan's natural sugar soda for a $1). Man, that pie alone was worth half the cost of the whole lunch.Bottom line: Tom's, in Five Points, look out! Dave's Kitchen Table is hot on your tail. Open from 11-7, Tues-Sat, with street parking that's easy, this place actually deserves the Yelp 5 star rating it has.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,5/8/2014,268,175,16,15,20>Do you ever feel like you're channeling Alan Landsburg and Leonard Nimoy when you have a hankering for pizza in Denver? Of course you only want good [italics] pizza, and those glowing Yelp reviews leave you thinking "could this joint be the place that I'm 'In Search of?' Perhaps like me you also consult the Yelp Talk Threads in your quest, where there are many robust discussions about the 'best' pizza in town. Those boards include plenty of former east coast types, aka whiners, who refuse to acknowledge that life exists  outside the I-95 corridor let alone the possibility that good [no italics] pizza can be had outside those rose colored confines. I'm here to let you know that it's not a theory or conjecture, but rather that yes, tasty pizza does exist in Denver, well Wheat Ridge actually according to my GPS, at Right Coast Pizza. For me a good pizza starts with the crust, and if you like a thin, crisp crust with just the right amount of chewiness, Right Coast will not disappoint. The consistency still allows for folding, which is the only way to eat a pizza, or so I've been lectured. The tomato sauce is slightly on the sweeter side, but definitely not sweet, and Right Coast has the sauce to cheese ratio just right. There are the usual toppings to choose from plus more 'interesting' items such as:  blackened steak, blue cheese crumbles, and because we are in CO I guess, green chili (why?).  The toppings are a-ok, but i think it's best to go topless or maybe just choose one, like a tasty sopressata. There are garlic knots, but I couldn't discern any garlic. Bummer because the same good dough is used in their preparation. Skip'em and have another slice instead. To borrow from Landsburg, this Yelper's purpose is to inform you that good pizza is possible outside the eastern seaboard, and the pizza at Right Coast is no mystery to be examined, just enjoyed. Until next week everyone, when once again  we go 'In Search of...' more great pizza in Denver and beyond.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/7/2014,683,1119,10,10,7>Incredible service, Motown soundtrack,  amazing place, but AC brings home the bacon (And other goodies) But oh its those big marvelous  biscuits that are the building blocks for all the other amazing ingredients. Both the sausage and mushroom gravies rock the universe with spectacular flavor.The chicken bacon, egg, combo on a gravy imbued biscuits are almost sexual. Wait, there's no "almost" about it. Eating this biscuit combo  is like getting to third base with Beth Hart,Yeah, lIl be back. I'll be back. Ill be back.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/6/2014,45,21,3,16,12>The execution at this place is flawless. Creative drinks with fresh ingredients and an insanely varied menu that includes everything from fried chicken and waffles to Bavarian sausage. However, this type of cuisine doesn't necessarily appeal to me because I'm of the no-meat/dairy eating variety.That being said, people like me expect to come to an establishment like this and have a salad as our only dinner option - which isn't a problem because I've grown used to it. But when they found out I wasn't into the whole meat eating thing, they whipped up the most delicious vegetable based meal I've ever had in my entire life. Roasted beets, mushrooms, brussels sprouts, onions, etc. over sweet potato puree with a small salad on the side. It absolutely blew every meal I've ever had from a vegan/vegetarian restaurant out of the water. And makes me wish they'd make it a permanent menu option because I haven't stopped dreaming about it since.The atmosphere is laid back, service is excellent, and you really can't beat the location. Thumbs up to Euclid Hall.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,5/5/2014,36,441,1,11,8>I have eaten here many times in the past but not very recently. I have had my ups and downs here, and stopped going for a while because it was just too unpredictable. Today was great and considering how everyone else raves these days, they must have gotten their style back. I will go again sooner rather than later.We were lucky that we got there just at the right time and the weather  was perfect January thaw temps so we could be seated immediately on the porch (enclosed but not really heated) which is not often the case in winter. Shortly after we arrived the brunchers really started flowing in and there was soon a wait. We had an efficient and friendly waitperson and got us our drinks immediately while we sorted through the food offerings. We started with beignets of course, one of their best treats and they were fresh from the fryer and well sugared, but though tasty, the dough could have been a little more tender. It usually is. My poached eggs, grits, bacon and biscuit were perfect. Much better than the last time I was there. My husband had the Cajun breakfast which included red beans which he enjoyed too. We did not feel rushed through the meal at all, but as soon as we were done, we did go rather than linger as there were people continually arriving. Sometimes it is nice to be able to linger but it would be uncomfortable to do that here.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,5/4/2014,156,255,3,9,10>I've been wanting to try this place out for sometime now, and since we acquired a gift certificate, there was no excuse!We ate at the bar because the wait was too long for our rumbling tummies. They have some unique beers on tap that are well priced, and they seem to bring in new ones regularly. But, I opted for their house marg. It was decent; I wish I would've ordered one of their coin margs...We ordered chips and guac to start, which was delicious. It comes with corn and flour tortilla chips to dip into your perfectly chunky, tasty guac. We asked for the spicy guac, but next time I'd ask for it even spicier.The beau opted for the Yucatan Chicken. While it was tasty, it was nothing to write home about. However, I ordered the Poblano del Mar, and WOW! I haven't stopped thinking about it since. It's a poblano chile stuffed with decadent cheeses, little shrimps and scallops and then smothered in a delicious sauce. Even though the chips and guac were already taking residency in my belly, I just had to eat the whole thing.Our server was great, and I can't wait to go back and have the Poblano del Mar again!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,5/3/2014,203,267,1,14,11>This place makes the vegan diet seem completely easy, the food is delicious! I am truly amazed at how creative they get when it comes to the ingredients in the 'meats' and 'cheeses'.My first visit was thrown off by a slight mistake in the kitchen, I found a plastic piece of a bottle cap in my sandwich-after biting into it. Management was quick to apologize and comp our entire meal-drinks included-and give me a gift card. Great customer service indeed, and hey it was a bottle cap, not the worst thing to find in your food! (note: this was only the second day of them being open)So far I have tried the Scorpion Burger, Oklahoma Burger, Reuben, Twister Wrap, Portobello/Sausage burger, Chicken Run Ranch sandwich, Moroccan lentil soup, lemon/dill potato salad, and their version of a side salad-which rocks with a mound of sprouts and greens. The portions are worth two meals, very generous. Oh and that lavender lemonade and watermelon water-I like making a sort of arnold palmer with the two. Honestly everything I've had so far I would order again, especially that Oklahoma burger-the ranch sauce that comes with it is sooo RIGHT! And the mayonnaise they make is fantastic, better than the original for sure. My super carnivorous friend keeps going back, he loves the stuff, on our first visit he did not believe that it was all vegan.Make sure to get a rewards card and complete the sign up online, free dessert will be added to your account, along with a ten dollar credit to use the week before or the week after your birthday! Um, yay!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,5/2/2014,500,166,6,17,18>Well, what's that in front of me? Am I hallucinating? Why no, it's Aurora's beacon of pan-Eastern European culinary goodness, Mirage Meat & Deli. Tucked into the old Elite Deli space at Hampden and Chambers is an equally enticing enterprise.From the moment you walk in the door, baskets of quinces, persimmons, melons and other fresh produce will capture your attention - and that's just the beginning! Their large beverage selection is sure to intrigue you, whether you're seeking a juice - made with blackthorn (sloe berries), Cornelian cherries or birch sap - or a soda like Sayani (with maral-root extract), or even Krushon (mixed fruit punch traditionally served inside a watermelon). You can also avail yourself of a bottle or two of the fabled mineral water Jermuk, originating in the Armenian spa town of the same name.Then, go around the corner and check out all the toothsome items in the refrigerated and frozen sections. Oh wow, don't those Vareniki (Ukrainian and Russian dumplings made with cheese, mashed potato, or a variety of other ingredients) look delectable? How about a cake or torte from Staburadze (Latvia's best-known bakery)? Or some salty, earthy Tarama (cod roe - I personally like it on a slice of rye bread, also available here)? Wow, there's just so much to choose from.Hmm, what's that I spy over at the deli counter? Well yes, they do have a very tempting array of cold cuts, sausages, cheeses and the like, but did you know you can also buy gooey Khachapuri (Caucasian cheese bread) or the Central Asian lamb-and-onion pies called Samsa there too? And don't forget a freshly made kebab (or, more properly, Shashlik) or two - Mirage even has some great bottled sauces to accompany them, like the Azeri favorite Narsharab (pomegranate-based), or the Georgian classic Tkemali (made with native sour plums).And I haven't even gotten into their huge assortment of candy (an entire aisle!) and other sweets, like Moldovan wafer cake with apricots, or raisins, or... well, you get the picture. I can't possibly tell you everything they have at Mirage, so why don't you just go see for yourselves?
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,5/1/2014,97,76,4,11,12>Always glad to see another brewery in Denver!Went to the soft opening and it was packed! I tried every beer on the menu and only had second thoughts about the salted caramel porter, but a lot of respect to them for experimenting. They also are VERY involved with their online community, which is where I heard about them in the first place. I see a lot of good things in Former Future's...future.That being said, their menu is a little too restrictive for me right now. Five beers on the menu and two are IPAs and two are porters? I know they have a lot more brewing, but I feel like your opening salvo should have a bit more variety.The staff was very friendly, though this didn't quite make up for the slow service. Still, in their defense, I don't think they were expecting such a huge response to a soft opening. Expect some updates in about a month when I see if they've smoothed things out.Excited to see where they go!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,4/30/2014,174,419,3,13,11>Not knowing what to expect from a bridal shop in Thornton (north suburbs just don't say "wedding" to me [plus it only had one Yelp review...]), I took the recommendation of a coworker and made an appointment after browsing their website.  I can say now, even beside the fact that I found my dress here, that I am quite glad I made the appointment.I emailed TBL to book the appointment; many Saturdays were booked in advance but I was able to swing a Friday afternoon visit on a three-day weekend.  I also emailed in advance about a particular style from a designer they carry and while they did not have that dress, they told me they might be able to borrow it from another store.  This didn't actually come to pass, but not a big deal since there was still plenty to choose from.This place is like a cozy little escape from the noise and traffic of I-25 that runs nearby.  It's quiet, with several dresses on display and several racks to choose from.  While not the biggest shop I visited by any means, it was nice in a way that selection was varied, but not overwhelmingly so.  They also carry several bridesmaid dress styles if a bride happens to be shopping for those, too.My consultant had me go through the racks and pick some styles, coming along here and there to take them to the dressing room.  She also pointed me to the sample sale rack and told me the varying discounts on those dresses.  The dressing room itself was somewhat small when it came to the couple of more poofy dresses I tried on, but still bigger than the closets at David's Bridal.  My consultant helped get me in and out of the dresses, and helped "present" me on one of the pedestal in front of the mirror.  They have two dressing/viewing areas, although the time I was in my mother and I were the only ones there (which was nice to have all the help and attention!).After trying on several beautiful dresses that, as I've come to find, were all relatively reasonably priced (for wedding gowns, mind you), I came back to a sample that zipped right up and needed no clipping.  While alterations would still be required, my consultant said, "it's like it was made to fit you".  TBL was my first of four scheduled appointments to try on dresses, so I didn't want to commit just yet.  She couldn't guarantee my dress would stay available (especially because it was a sample sale gown) with a busy weekend, but in the end it ended up working out.I went ahead with my other appointments, after all I decided to come back to The Bridal Loft.  My consultant (who I've since forgotten the name of, dangit [maybe Carissa?]) was kind enough to make time that Sunday (when they are usually closed) for me to come back in, try on the gown again to be sure, and get everything taken care of.  Though I did not have the glamorized, teary-eyed, IMO manufactured-for-TV "say yes to the dress" moment, I still felt it was the right dress for me.  And I've fallen in love with it more since I got it.  I was able to get a beautiful gown for an amazing price (thanks, sample sale!) instantly in my hands, but I suspect if I'd gone the route of measuring and ordering things would have turned out much the same.Since my purchase, I stored the dress there for some weeks.  I have since brought it home to try and find accessories and shoes to go with, but was told once I get everything figured out I am welcome to put it all in the dress bag and return it there for storage.  Convenient, especially since I am using the alterations lady they partner with downstairs (who I was told has been in the biz for years).  Oh, and once it was confirmed that indeed it was the dress, we (my sister, mom, and I) all got bubbly.  So that was nice :)  She also hung around long enough for The Dude's mom and sister to arrive so they could see it as well.The Bridal Loft is definitely a diamond in the rough, and from my perspective worth booking an appointment with.  Not at all stuffy, great selection, warm environment -- so glad my first (and last!) dress shopping experience happened here!P.S. If you do make the stop, their entrance is actually on the "back" (south side) of the building, up the wooden stairs.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,4/29/2014,232,372,2,18,15>I've been hoping for a spin-off of Chef/Owner Mark Fischer's fabulous Glenwood Springs restaurant, The Pullman, right here in Denver.  My wish has come true!  Sorry, Phat Thai.  I hope we can still be friends.Though there are some old tried and true standbys, the menu changes regularly so there's always something new to try or a twist on an old favorite.  Sometimes, the most interesting dishes to me are meant to be appetizers but I can make an meal out of an assortment of snacks, small plates, and small salads (and have on more than one occasion).  I like doing this because I get to try several different things and share with my dining companions.  Or sometimes maybe I just have a hard time choosing between the many flavorful and creative options.  Please don't take this to mean that you should shy away from the entrees because nothing is further from the truth.  I guess that's one of the things I love about Harman's: however you choose to structure your meal, you really can't go wrong.The cocktail menu is equally appealing.  Whatever you're in the mood for, you're sure to find it here in a way you've never before imagined.  The wine list also rotates and I like trying a variety of new offerings.  I certainly don't argue with French wines at around $7 a glass.  If I have one complaint (and, yes, I've already voiced it to management) it would be the lack of Colorado wines on the menu.We've been told on more than one occasion that the kitchen is open to feedback and we feel comfortable sharing our concerns on the rare occasions we have them - an over salted pork loin special, for instance.  The servers seem to have great communication with the chef and each other so they'll find the answer to any questions you may have.  Our service here is always welcoming, friendly, and efficient.We've brought out of town guests to Harman's and they have left impressed, as we continue to do.  I think the prices are reasonable, if not a bit lower than what you'd normally find in Cherry Creek.  I love the open, airy modern design and the neighborhood feel of the place, as I did with Phat Thai.  We always leave with smiles and full bellies.  I really don't think I can ask for anything more.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,4/28/2014,267,467,6,15,14>You've probably figured out that I'm trying to drop a few pounds before the holidays since my most recent reviews are salad/raw fish centric.  Just because I'm being good doesn't mean I want to feel deprived though so I'm being picky about where I'm doing my foraging.  Today, Parsley, which has been on my radar screen for a long time, was up to bat.Tucked out of the way on 11th and Cherokee (Golden Triangle) in re-purposed old row houses Parsley is a cute (and very green) little lunch spot.  Tons of soup, salad, sandwich options and a variety of fresh juice/smoothie beverage choices all listed on the wall just as you walk in.  Stand in line to order and pay - they deliver your food to the table.  Water, napkins, utensils are self service.  Food is all served in to-go containers and they encourage re-cycling.  Staff was very friendly.I had the texture tuna salad  -  $9.95 (regular portion) - organic spinach, tuna, organic tomato, organic cucumber.  Their texture tuna recipe includes ginger, miso, black sesame seed, and red pepper aioli with sesame oil.  It was fine, not life altering, but very fresh tasting and plenty for two meals for me.  Dressing and chopped red onions are served on the side here which I like.  Prices do not match the website by the way.She had the turkey avocado salad  -  $7.75 for the half portion - organic spinach, roasted turkey, avocado, organic tomato, feta cheese.  She is really not a salad lover but this may have made a convert of her.I had a hard time rating this 4 stars after rating Vert Kitchen 4 stars last week.  There are things I prefer about each - Vert is maybe a little more upscale feeling (real china and silver if you eat in) plus they include some good bread with their salads.  Parsley has a much more varied menu and do a fine job too though.  Winners - so are they both.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/27/2014,120,40,32,100,44>So, from what I've seen there are a lot of yelpers saying that this place is terrible because it has changed. A lot of people are lowering their reviews or giving poor ones because the pizza size has changed, it's too small, it's not New York, it's too trendy etc... Giving such low stars for food that's still good but different isn't fair in any way. So, as someone who almost didn't give this place a chance because of bad reviews, I'm going to set some things straight.   My boyfriend and I originally came ONLY for the Kitchen Nightmares fan factor. Because of the poor reviews after the remodel we thought the place had taken a HUGE dive. WE WERE WRONG! The reviews are there because the place changed, but honestly, I think it's a change for the better. I digress, onto the pizza!    Appetizer: 10//10 We ordered the board: a selection of meats and cheese (including prosciutto, salami, multiple types of Italian sausage and a pickled pork meat that I forget the name of), large caper berries, olives, jams and chutney along with bread. This was totally worth the money and very good. We're big fans of what you'd called the "Shepherd's Lunch" and we were not disappointed! Pizza: 10/10 Seriously, it doesn't get much better than this. Dough (which Gordon Ramsey actually kept from the original recipe) was fantastic! Not overly sweet, fluffy and not heavy, brilliantly cooked and crisp. I loved it, my boyfriend loved it, he tried scarfing some crust from my plate and I had to fend him off! We purchased the feast pizza. Toppings were all homemade, obviously, people have been typing that toppings were small or scarce; and yah, there were only one or two sausages per slice, however the sausage slices were HUGE and clearly HOMEMADE. The size of the pie was a Large with 8 massive slices. We licked our plates clean and went home over stuffed.  Dessert: 10/10 I ordered the Tiramisu and had to bring some home since the portion was so large! It was fluffy, the topping nice and whipped, and the soaked crust was great! They really know what they're doing with sweets at this place.  Service: 20/10 Okay, service was above and beyond by a full score. I have never met people so nice, welcoming and wonderful. They were indulgent to our every whim, even our request for stories (which we love). Both the owner and son regaled us with tales of Ramsey and the father charmed us with really awesome stories about his childhood and soccer/sports stories (ask him about these, if they aren't too busy, they are amazing). They also gave us superb service and, in general, bent over backwards for us. I don't think I've had this kind of service anywhere before and I've even eaten at a few Gordon Ramsey locations! Overall: 15/10 Food and staff are beyond excellent and affordable; and, since this place is so close I'll definitely be a regular here!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,4/25/2014,72,260,6,17,11>Phew, the service was a little off today. I've become something of a regular at Toast over the last year (see my previous review), and I have seen the gamut of food and service here. Most of the time everything is spot on, but sometimes it's lacking. Today was one of those lacking days.Why, then, am I still rating Toast five out of five stars? Because when you bring an issue to the service's attention, they fix it IMMEDIATELY. That, and the food is always so damn tasty!Today, I ordered a cafe latte and the corned beef hash bennie with a garden salad instead of the side of potatoes. The latte came out runny, with no foam, and quickly developed a "skin" of stale cream on the top. I sent it back for a better, much frothier replacement which showed up in under four minutes. Then my entree appeared with potatoes instead of the garden salad. I sent it for a quick substitution and it came back, corrected, in about two minutes. BOOM. Instant satisfaction. Once fixed, the espresso was impeccable and the food was exactly right. SO delicious!For those people who have come to Toast when the service has an off day, I encourage you to come back and give them the opportunity to thrill you. More often than not, they will rise to the occasion.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,4/24/2014,133,174,10,12,10>er meh gerd!This place is just awesome. Stopped in before a show and man!First, the place is awesome. Super cozy and comfy. Definitely seems like a 'locals' establishment but the music didn't come screeching to a halt when we walked in. Nice wood accents, small tables and bar area. Second, their beers are out of this world! Jalapeño beer, cinnamon beer, IPAs, ginger honey soda...oh my! I did the little sample sheet and every one I tried was so damn tasty.Last - the food. Oh, the food! We had samoas (so good), some fries and fried paneer with this fantastically spicy curry sauce that was out of this world. AND it had real spice, not white person palate spice. All in all, even though I live in Denver I cannot wait to trek to Arvada to have more delicious food and drink from Yak & Yeti. YUM.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,4/23/2014,208,396,4,18,15>You must come here!  Or, then again, maybe it's not that great and you should all stay away so that I can always find a seat at the table...I'd had DiFranco's bookmarked for a long time based on the many other glowing reviews and finally made it in and tried the Wednesday date night special.  The only thing more fantastic than that deal was the food itself!  To enlighten you, the date night special involves 2 salads, 2 entrees, 2 cannolis, and a bottle of wine all for $40!  What a steal!  And, everything was wonderful.  The salad option is the house salad and it was very good for what it is - a basic salad.  Next time I'll see if you can upgrade for an extra cost because they had a salad with gorgonzola that was calling my name.  For entrees, my friend and I shared the angelhair pasta in red sauce with a meatball and the penne in vodka sauce.  Both dishes were again very good.  The meatball was absolutely delicious.  If I had to choose, I'd say I preferred the penne because that vodka sauce was so darn good, but both dishes were excellent.  I can't wait to come back and try more of their tantalizing options as it was very difficult to choose.  The cannoli were also pretty good, but cannolis in general are not my favorite dessert.  I know some people absolutely love them.  And, while the wine selection is limited on the special (one red, one white), the red wine we had was also very good.  It's not like they give you a bottle of crappy tasting cheap wine - they've found the good ones.There's one large community table and then two smaller tables in their relatively small dining room.  We arrived super early and were able to snag one of the small tables, but I also think it would be fun to sit at the community table.  Definitely a good experience and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,4/22/2014,95,693,9,29,16>22JUN2014 - Sunday lunchExcellent service. Perfect in every regard.Then, they offered us a free dessert. Fried bananas and ice cream. Delicious!02MAY2014$2 Singha beer (11.2 oz) all day, every day. Excellent.12APR2014Don't lie to me. When I ask: "How many ounces in a draft beer?" Don't say: "16" when the correct answer is: 10-12. Yes, I am an engineer and I do think about price/oz.09MAR2014 Sunday lunch+ Cloth napkins! Huge upgrade. Now the napkins fit the food and decor.+ Service. Experienced server. Very good.+ Pad Thai. Delicious. Pork, loin.+ "Chips and salsa". OK, I am kidding. We got carrots and fried chips with a light peanut sauce. Costs them nothing and makes the customer very happy. You will want to order a beer to go with this.15JAN2014 - second visit, lunch+ Green Curry lunch special. Excellent flavor. But, when I order "Thai hot" I want it/expect it to burn my eyeballs. I would rate the heat at "mild".+ Soup (Tom-Yum). Beef broth with tomato. Veggies and fungus. Very good.+ Hot tea was much improved.+ Website is usable from phone. Has the complete menu and hours. Good.- Service. Better than last time. But, they need to hire a professional manager for the front of the house and raise the service level up to the food level. They need to stop hiring friends and family.- The napkins still suck.21DEC2013 - Lunch (Saturday)A solid 4 stars. If you like Thai food, then go here.For us, a quiet Saturday lunch during their [soft] opening week.+ Spring Rolls. Gorgeous was the reaction of both of us. And, then delicious. Super fresh veggies. Yummy peanut sauce.+ Thai Volcano. Sesame sauce flavor and glass noodles. All white meat chicken (important to my dining companion).+ Panang Curry. I ordered it "Thai hot" and it came medium (for me). The vegetables were perfectly cooked. Slightly crispy. I loved this dish.+ Chang beer for $4.+ Very friendly service. A tad shaky as they are working out the kinks.+ Atmosphere. Warm on a cold day. Cozy modern. Music: soft (disappointed that it was not Thai music). A view of the lake thru the wall of windows.+ Patio facing Sloan's Lake.+ Flatware is hefty.+ Wi-Fi (password).0 The hot tea portion is very small even though it is delivered in a cute elephant. But, they did offer more tea (at the end of the meal).- Napkins are thin paper. Do not equal the rest of the experience.- The prices are a smidgeon high. But, you are paying to eat in higher quality atmosphere than your typical Thai restaurant.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/21/2014,235,1122,5,13,9>When I walked in, I went in with the intention of take out. As soon as I put in the order, I knew I wanted to stay, which takes quite a bit for me to do when I make up my mind I want to eat at home. I felt at times like I was in the move "Ratatouille" with the perfect ambiance going forgetting where exactly I was. Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to interact much with the owner but she seemed really nice.I order the kebob with the lentil soup. I also got saffron rice, Israeli salad, and pita. The pita is to die for. If you have never had homemade pita then come here and you will have a hard time eating anything but homemade! I thought the lentil soup was about as good as a soup could be. Reminded me of something my mom would make or something I would have in Europe. For one, I guarantee it didn't have 1000+ mg of sodium like most American restaurants. The soup was clearly made with fresh ingredients and it shined through in every bite.The kebobs were made to perfection, juicy and just spiced perfectly. I even cleaned out the saffron rice, which I don't normally do. I thought the Israeli salad was okay- I appreciate the freshness of it- but I still prefer tabbouleh (but that's just me!). I couldn't resist getting the Chocolate Bobka, which was fantastic. I don't know how to describe it but it wasn't sweet, good chocolate, and the rose water definitely added something to it!I know that in marketing it's preached that location is everything. I always felt that if you had a good product that you don't need to the location because people will find you and come to you. With that said, I wouldn't find this place in a million years if it wasn't for Yelp! It's hidden in a dark, mostly abandoned stripmall with a giant vacant lot. Not you could appreciate my comment about the ambiance, right? I do believe if she ever moves this place to a street where there are lots of pedestrians that there will be a wait of at least an hour!! One last comment... there is a fridge in the corner that has a loud hum to it that sort of ruins the experience a bit. PLEASE get rid of it or fix it! It'll be so much more pleasant to not constantly hear that and then I could listen to your great music selection clearly! ;)
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,4/20/2014,76,392,10,13,10>Oh jesus, this restaurant makes me want to give up everything just so I can't sleep out back for the throw away's. It's that good.There are NO reservations, so my recommendation would be to arrive early, senior style. Then request a seat at the bar which overlooks the wine area. That way you can ensure you have access to the libations at all times. You can afford extra drinks because the food is hearty, delicious and well prepared. I can report the skirt steak and the pot roast (i'm sure there are fancy French names for this that I can't remember) were some of the best meat products I've had since Old Major. Let the staff pair a wine for you, because it will make the experience even better.This won't be a regular spot for me, especially because of the high prices. But for what you pay, you get a great atmosphere that reminds me of a little French bistro (duh) and excellent food that would be hard to find elsewhere in Denver.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,4/19/2014,194,576,,10,12>I love my new 'hood but one of my few gripes has been the lack of nicer dining options. Apparently Table to Tavern (the folks who own Table 6) agreed and created Atticus.While I had driven by Atticus several times, I had no idea what it was and honestly, I didn't really care. It wasn't until I was watching 9news last week and they featured them and their Denver Restaurant Week (DRW) menu. I was impressed and decided to make a reservation and went with a friend last night. The interior of Atticus is lovely. Warm and inviting with a fire place in the corner of the dining room, which was really welcome on yesterday's chilly, snowy night!  We were welcomed by our wonderful server Jeff and he explained the DRW menu: included was a shared Charcuterie board, choice of salad, entree and a dessert to share. We both decided on the roasted beet salad, the Corriander and Coffee Crusted Lamb Loin and the Salted Caramel Flan for dessert.The Charcuterie board was a wonderful start: lovely meats, cheese, tapenades and nuts. The Roasted Beet Salad was the perfect blend of sweet roasted beets and creamy goat cheese and the lamb was cooked a perfect medium rare. I loved the blackberry sauce it was garnished with and I enjoyed the polenta that was on the side. However, I did find the zucchini and summer squash a bit overcooked for my liking but don't get me wrong, I still ate it! By the time dessert came out we were pretty full, but we still had a few bites of the Salted Caramel Flan. I love flan and I love salted caramel and this didn't disappoint. This flan was less dense than I'm used to which was nice after such a filling meal. And it had just the right ratio of salty to sweet. This is what DRW is about, folks! Sampling from the actual menu to discover a new place and hopefully like it enough to return. And in this case it paid off! I'm looking forward to coming back and checking out their breakfast/brunch, their happy hour as well as coming back for dinner and enjoying other items on their menu.Welcome to the neighborhood, Atticus!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,4/18/2014,84,209,5,8,7>It's no secret, every opportunity I get I probably sneer and jeer about dining in Aurora.  Every now and then however, there's a hidden gem that absolutely blows me away.  As a matter of fact, you can bet that as soon as I finish completing this review I'm probably going to make my way to Cuba Bakery & Café.  Apparently they've only opened up shop for approximately five months or so.  Not even an official sign posted up out front.  Just a flimsy banner.  Upon entering this place doesn't really look like much, if anything at that.  On top you have your menu with a variety of sandwiches they offer.  Display case full of pastries.  Variety of decadent sweets and savory morsels.  Potato balls!  I've been scouring the state looking for these ever since trying them at Porto's Bakery back in California.  Though they aren't as good as Porto's, they're still pretty good...Who wouldn't like a deep ball of mashed potato, crispy and breaded on the outside and once you bit in you get the soft creamy mashed potato and in the center is some ground beef. Only complaint is that the beef isn't seasoned enough.  Heck, they should take the seasoning they stuff in their beef empanadas and cram it into the potato balls.  Problem solved!  The Cubano sandwich was probably one of the better ones I've had in recent memory.  The portion is huge too!  The pork is just tender and juicy and I believe it's what sets it off.  Cuban espresso was pretty darn good.  Potent and lethal...Just a shot of it gave me such a jolt of energy.  It wasn't really bitter surprisingly considering how concentrated it is.  And for $1.50 a cup, that sure as hell beats getting a tall black coffee at Starbucks for $2.88.This place is good!  My friends and I often found ourselves constantly getting up from our table and ordering more items I'm sure we were annoying the heck out of the ladies who were taking our orders.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/17/2014,157,550,1,8,8>Domo arigato.  One of the best restaurants in which I've dined.  The restaurant is beautifully appointed with Japanese art and culture.  There is a beautiful garden in the back, and I vow to return this spring/summer when it is in full bloom.  When you enter, the signs let you know that you are in the chef's hands (no soy sauce or other condiments on the table), and there is a handy instruction card for those who insist on bringing their children to fine dining establishments (because sadly, some parents need this help).  I appreciated every effort this restaurant takes to make sure guests have a wonderful experience.  The tables are rustic - slab stone with short stools.  The service is nice, as well.  We each had noodle bowls, and we were treated to 7 small side dishes before the entree.  It ranged from stew to curry to vegetables in delicate sauces.  Just enough for a couple bites each - the perfect start to a meal for me, as I like to sample a little of everything, rather than have a gargantuan portion of one thing.  I had the beef sukiyaki noodle bowl with teriyaki beef on the side (I might mention that all of this is included in the price of the meal - which is very reasonable).  The noodle bowl was huge, I have leftovers for more than one day!  The broth was delicate, and still complex.  The teriyaki was perfectly seasoned, as well.  It was a serene and lovely dining experience, complete with a great ambiance and delicious flavors I've not tasted before.  I will definitely return, especially when I need some serenity!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,4/16/2014,320,975,7,10,7>Friday November 15th 2013, since we don't want to travel or drive far to this establishment we went.  We knew some what that there was one new establishment in this part of Neighborhood, since Hubs have driven around this area many times.Time was about 20:00hrs.  When we arrived, there are like 2 other couples dining in.  Yes, the establishment is spacious, filled with dark mahagony wood tables, plenty of TV screens to catch whatever they are showing.We opt to be seated at one of the many booths, nearest to the entrance of the door.  Our lovely server her name is Abigail.  She gave us the menu.  From the simple menu, Hubs wanted to order the Meatloaf, but they ran out of it.We opt to have the following items :*  Coconut Shrimp ($10.99)*  BBQ Chicken Flat Bread Pizza ($6.49)*  Macaroni & Cheese with Grilled Chicken, Jalapenos & Green Onions option. ($9.99)At first I ask our lovely server whether I can have a sample of the House-made Spicy Sauce.  She brought one out aka the spicy sauce in a dipping bowl, and I don't fancy their House-made spicy Sauce, hence I don't order the wings.  Then during our dinner, I ask our Server again if they have Jalapenos or something Spicy.  She brought me out Fresh Jalapenos and the House-Made Pickled which are of Jalapenos and Serrano Chiles.  The House-Made Pickles indeed intrigue us.Our food came out piping hot.  The Coconut Shrimp was HUGE, though it was Over-Fried to my liking.  The Coconut Shrimps were hand battered, dipped in fresh coconut and served with Coco Lopez dipping sauce.  The Coco Lopez dipping sauce was like a Light Yogurt or perhaps Coconut Milk with Pineapple Bits.  Sweet but I don't fancy the Coco Lopez Dipping Sauce as much.The BBQ Chicken Flat Bread Pizza comes with Grilled Chicken, Cilantro, Red Onions and House Made BBQ Sauce, was just A-OKAY.Hubs like his order of Macaroni and Cheese with Grilled Chicken, Jalapeno and Green Onions, option.  Hubs said the Cheese that they put in his order was light, and I was surprised with the amount of Macaroni and Cheese, he managed to clean the whole bowl and was happy with his Dinner.  *THANK GOD*Hubs opt to have Hot Coffee ($1.65) which are re-filled several times during the evening, while I opt to have water.  All in all, the food is 3.5 stars and we don't mind returning coz Hubs wanted so bad to eat the Meatloaf that they ran out.  Is that a good sign that they ran out of Meatloaf?  We sure hope so.Our server Abigail RAWKS big time.  She took several times to make sure we have what we need and answered many of our questions.  If I am not mistaken the Manager also came by to say Hello and see how are things for us.  NOT forgetting one of the Chefs, that took his time, to answer my questions about their housemade pickles...We like The Grubbery and we don't mind returning.  *PLEASE DO NOT RUN OUT THE MEATLOAF*  Perhaps I should call them before we go again and "pre-order" the Meatloaf dish.  *Wishing to the Meatloaf GODs*The Grubbery4880 Havana StDenver, CO 80239Tel : (303)-407-9040Manager : Roger Kernsgrubberydenver.com@245/2013
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/15/2014,159,357,6,18,12>After all the bars and restaurants we have seen come through this location on Leetsdale, I think we finally have a keeper!We came for the soft opening weekend twice. The first time we came over was on Friday evening. Upon walking on you get a whole Mad Men vibe. There is a lobby with old school furniture and a little "fireplace." The jukebox is even old school. When you walk into the main room there is a large bar with vintage barstools, an upper seating area, and the main seating area with some high tables and huge, comfy booths. There is also a pool table and a few tvs. Since it was a soft opening, they did not have their full menu available to order. We tried to buffalo fries. They were simple and tasty! They also had personal pizzas and a sandwich option. I'm really excited to see what the full menu has to offer. As for the drinks go, they have around 15 beers on tap. They have good ol PBR for the simple tastes, along with a lot of local Colorado beers. I enjoyed a Breckenridge Lager and then I had a Moscow Mule. The drinks are reasonably priced. The service is awesome! The bartenders, owners, and even the kitchen staff are all super friendly and welcoming. I may be a little biased because I know a lot of the people that work here, but they treat everyone the same. If you are nice to them, of course! I see this place becoming a regular stop for us. It has a loungey/fancy feel but also a super friendly neighborhood bar feel. You really feel welcome. I also can't wait to see what they do with that huge patio in the warmer months. I highly recommend this place. Try an apple pie moonshine shot and say hi to the awesome staff while you are there!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,4/14/2014,131,377,3,13,14>Every time I'm at the Bull & Bush I ask myself: "Why don't I come here more often?"Well for one thing, it's not as easy for me to get to as other pubs in town. But that doesn't deter me from visiting. I love the atmosphere, as the dark hardwood and dim lighting really makes for that warm pub feel. Try nabbing the couch seats by the fireplace in the back during the fall and winter, which makes your stay even cozier.The beer is often very hit or a miss to me. Their double brown ale is amazing, and their dunkel is solid. Their Yule Fuel is also a nice winter warmer/spice beer. Not a huge fan of the regular brown or Ghoul Fuel though. They also host some pretty interesting beer tastings, like their annual Christmas tasting which typically has beers you never thought you'd get, and often from years ago.So the beer + atmosphere get it to three stars, and the food bumps it up to four. Their burgers are delicious and juicy, especially when Kobe-fied. And their chicken fried steak or chicken is spot on and a LOT of food. Not a huge fan of their fish and chips or French onion soup, but they're not too bad.Put it all together, and I am indeed a fan. Plus their logo/name adds a few bonus points as well. For a classic pub and brewery experience, B&B is the good place to be.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/13/2014,639,447,7,12,13>This place. Christ. This place deserves every rave review that it gets. I went here for breakfast, got the deep south benedict and, while I was just a little bit unsure of the braised collard greens (not a fan of wilted leaves in my food as a general guideline), it turned out to be one of the best benedicts I've ever had. The collard greens were delicious and the pork was spot on. Our server was fantastic and even talked us into splitting a slice of sweet potato pie even after a delicious meal. And that sweet potato pie? Mercy. I ate it until I was in pain and then I ate some more. Thank god they didn't have any apres dessert offerings because I probably could have been talked into ordering that as well.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,4/12/2014,315,429,6,15,14>Om nom nom nom...nom nom nom!  Ma Ma Olivia's is baking some good pizza pie!Tucked away near Hobby Lobby, you'll find the unassuming storefront of Ma Ma Olivia's.  I had a tough time locating it in the maze of parking lots over here, so look for Hobby Lobby and go toward the north side of the same building.  Boom!Teeny tiny little place, but packing a big punch.  I tried a Hawaiian calzone (for the tough price of just under $7 or so, my whole bill came to just under $8 with a small soda) and was totally in love.  The crust is fabulous:  baked perfectly and seasoned well.  They could probably just give me crust and I'd be happy with it.  But oh, the cheese plus the ham and pineapple was super tasty.  The calzone was big but I managed to eat the whole thing because it was that good.  Pizzas, pasta, salads, wings, and the like, everyone at my table enjoyed the gamut of food to be found here.  Not to mention single slices as big as your head.How long has Ma Ma Olivia's been open?  Because man, I seriously should have got the memo ages ago.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,4/11/2014,138,353,10,9,10>Oh god, I'm in love. I'm sending them flowers. My heart flutters at the mere memory of visiting the Publik House. My one complaint I'll get out of the way early -- they don't have any TVs, no sports watching. But their environment and atmosphere are most decidedly not sports-oriented, so it makes sense. I'm still a whiner, though.The space is small, dark, romantic. Perfect for a man-date with my cousin after a hockey game? Sure, why not. The server was friendly, quick, and brought us menus and beer lists tucked inside of an old used book. An old used book! Oh Publik House, you've immediately stumbled upon one of the four ways to my heart: books.Their beer list is extensive, and unique. They don't just feature their own beers, but some great collabs and hard-to-find tasty suds from around the region. You'll definitely be able to try something you've never had before; thus the second of four ways to get to my heart: new beers.With a fantastic looking menu, I decided to venture down a less-traveled path to create my own flatbread pizza. Starting with the base of crust (obvs, yo) a side of marinara and mozz, I added in the following heavenly ingredients which were undoubtedly made from real, fresh angels: garlic confit, carmelized onions, goat cheese, pancetta and pork belly. It was....unbelievable. Un. Believe. Able. Or however you'd like to break that down. And thus the third of four ways to get to my heart: pork products and/or pizza. Overall just a really fantastic experience and I cannot wait to go back. It's noisy, it can get a little rowdy, it's busy and crowded, but the food is tremendous and the beer list is second to none. Oh, and they brought the checks in old books too. I just find that so great!And while the server was definitely an attractive bearded gent, I regret to inform you that I don't swing that way and thus the fourth and final way to my heart remained unsated on that particular evening.But holy pizza and beer, Publik House for the win!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,4/10/2014,105,416,5,11,7>After dining in the the area my girlfriends and I were on our way somewhere else to grab a drink when I saw the Colt & Gray sign which triggered my memory of Ste. Ellie being open so down we went to see what it was all about. It was pretty crowded but there were a few seats at the bar that were empty so we walked over to them. We were instantly told that we were not allowed to sit there by some guy who obviously should have greeted us when we walked in but wasn't doing his job. He could have handled it in a nicer manner but chose to be rude about it. Lucky for us some other people were getting up from the bar and the bartender told us to snag those seats and he'd help us out. If it hadn't been for the bartender we would have left and probably would not have come back. We looked over the drink menu and decided to go with 2 cocktails, the premature direction and a bartenders choice. We picked vodka as our spirit and left the rest up to him. Sitting up at the bar was awesome. Every time they worked with a piece of fruit for a drink the smell of the citrus was incredible. They also have quite possibly the best bar ice I've ever had. Seriously. It's these large cubes of ice that don't seem to melt. The premature direction was amazing. I'd come back here with a group of 3 or 7 friends so we could get the giant serving of it to share. Our bartenders choice drink was also fantastic. It had pomegranate and other delicious things but a giant lemon twist. The people behind the bar clearly know what they are doing and make incredible craft cocktails that are well worth the price. We left shortly after finishing our drinks but I think I'll be back to give it another try.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,4/9/2014,55,176,2,10,8>The interior is colorful and cheerful, service is friendly, and the rollup menus are fun and also clearly label gluten free items.It's becoming pretty common for slightly fancier, slightly more expensive Mexican restaurants to charge for chips and salsa, and Adelita's is one of the pack on that.  The chips were nice and warm, but tasted slightly stale; I know that doesn't make sense, but it's what I tasted.  The three salsas made up for the slightly stale tasting chips though.  We tried the house, avocado, and chipotle salsas.  All three salsas were flavorful.  My boyfriend and I both liked the chipotle salsa the best.  It's the hottest, but still not all that hot.  The avocado was creamy and smooth.  The house margaritas were good and strong.  For our entrees, we split the enchiladas suizas (with half green chili and half mole) and the chili rellenos platter.  Everything was delicious.  The green chili on the enchiladas suizas is a lighter, thinner variety.  We both preferred the mole, but the green chili was good too.  The chile rellenos platter consists of one chile relleno, a large one, with rice and beans.  We went with the crema sauce on the chile relleno, and the crema sauce was very, very rich.  The corn tortillas on the side went especially well with the chile relleno and crema sauce.  Both entrees came with white rice and beans.  The white rice on the side was nice and fluffy, but not very flavorful.  Usually I prefer rice to beans, but here I preferred the beans.  The refried beans were nice and creamy.  Adelita's was another Groupon discovery.  I'll be back to try more.  The sopapilla dessert is calling my name.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,4/8/2014,161,150,3,13,11>Before I forget, I need to say something. This place is amazing. I've never been to The Kitchen so I didn't know what to expect.  I am so coming back here for happy hour, especially since it's so close to home. They just opened Wednesday and they sure hired the right people. I mentioned to the server that the mobile page said they weren't open and the manager came to talk to me about it. At least from the bartender working today, he seems to judge well - when you need attention and when you want to be left alone. AND my meal was fantastic.  The weekend special - a meatball hoagie. I actually ate the meatballs and the half bun with cheese and spices separately because each were so delicious. I put specials in my tip but left one out: there are also 1/2 priced pitchers and bottles from 9pm to close daily except for Sundays when they're 6 to close. In my opinion one of the best places to be if you're not in my kitchen is The Kitchen Next Door.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,4/7/2014,94,188,1,9,6>Braun's is going to be a great addition to the Olde Wadsworth corridor.  We've been there twice now - once on opening night, and once for lunch over the holiday weekend.  They're definitely still working out some kinks - but I think that's to be expected.  One thing's for sure though - what an improvement over the previous tenant!    We've tried the Bavarian (love the pretzel rolls), the nachos, the pastrami and a burger.  So far everything we've tried has been tasty.  My partner in crime was not a fan of the burger but it seems that's because it had some hidden onions in the sauce.  I thought it was pretty tasty - and even better it was just the right size, not so massive that you can barely take a bite.The service is hit or miss right now - but I sure that will resolve itself the longer they're open.  I'm seeing great potential here people!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/6/2014,188,277,4,14,11>Yay! Finally a place to get frybread outside of an American Indian festival. I really like the concept of Chipotle meets American Indian cuisine found at Tocabe. At Tocabe you can load up your freshly made frybread with offerings like shredded bison, hominy salsa and hatch chiles. For dessert, they have sugar and cinnamon sweetened frybread with wojapi, a traditional American Indian fruit compote. The food was uniformly excellent.The owner was even at the helm of the serving line and was able to talk customers through the somewhat unfamiliar choices. The fast-casual line means the service is quite efficient although the fresh frybread can take a bit longer than the heated tortillas at Chipotle.In some ways, it would be awesome if the Tocabe concept grew and became a franchise. The owner said he had been here for five years, longer than I thought. For now, I am glad that Tocabe remains successful and that the restaurants so wonderfully showcases and promotes the American Indian community of Denver.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/5/2014,92,465,3,10,8>A small to medium sized Japanese restaurant that has fresh written all over it!  We went tonight and wow!  Located in a small unassuming strip mall, you will find Land of Sushi.  The sushi and sashimi for 2 will fill you up!  Generous cuts of fish and chef's special roll really does the trick!  Many families were dining there tonight and everybody was having a good time! Kids too!Soup is good, salad is yummy and sushi... it melts!  The rolls were excellent as well!  The service deserves huge kudos too!  I will be back with many more people in tow.  You would think some sushi restaurant in the suburbs would be just ho hum.  That's until Land of Sushi came along!Denver sushi, YOU have some heavy competition now!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/4/2014,77,116,4,18,9>My husband and I went after receiving their flyer (which had great marketing and pictures of their rolls by the way-the pictures didn't lie). Always looking for great sushi in our neighborhood we definitely do not regret our outing and have found a new regular spot.The service was wonderful and with a smile. Décor was cool (look up at the ceiling if you are a computer geek you will love it....I know my husband did). Presentation of the sushi was awesome (we didn't order the Valentine Roll but someone did and they had flashing lights on it).Many delicious specialty rolls.  We had the following:Yama Roll - FabulousSummer Roll - ScrumptiousUnagi Roll - TasteyI forget the name roll - but was wrapped in cucumber instead of seaweed and no rice (for you low to no carbers) - GreatSalmon appetizer with crab inside - I wanted to say it was called Golden Salmon - FabulousI know there have been several restaurants in this location over the years, but PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE support this business since it is a keeper in my book and so much more for me to try.****UPDATE....LOVE The Pink Roll...Service and food has been fabulous and consistant. YAY! ****
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/3/2014,702,888,5,18,13>We met some friends here before the Super Bowl yesterday in hopes of wearing out our combined four pups. Mission accomplished! It's hard for me to find any fault with a place that offers a clean mulched outdoor area (yesterday it was somewhat snowy and wet in spots but not at all muddy or dirty) for the dogs to play, pick-up bags, outdoor heaters, tables with seating both inside and out, garage doors, tvs and 80 beers (draft, cans and bottles). Yes, I said 80 beers. And the beers are decently priced! My plastic-cupped (they recycle!) pint of DPA was just $5. While inside grabbing beers, you can easily view the playing area due to the huge windows and glass garage doors. I think it's a bonus that kids aren't allowed - not because I have anything against kids, but dogs and kids can often just be too hectic to handle. The doubled-up gates and fences looked secure, though the outer fence does seem low if you have big dogs prone to jumping. This place will be incredibly popular in warmer months, if yesterday's cold-braving crowd was any indication. The dogs were well-behaved and hilarious to watch and all owners were friendly. Smoking is allowed but only on a different side of the building where it can't bother the people and pups hanging out, which I hugely appreciated (signs make this clear).I'm pretty happy I live so close to this place. While my dogs didn't partake in much pup socialization and seemed like they wanted to get out of the fenced area and back into our arms ASAP, I think it was more due to the cold than any kind of too-chaotic atmosphere. The best part was that they were completely wiped out all afternoon, night and this morning. For the price of a beer or two, that is well worth it!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/2/2014,79,217,1,14,9>If you're a frequent flyer you have a travel routine right?  You leave the house X amount of time before your flight, you park in the same lot and you grab coffee/drinks from the same spot and even sit in the same area to wait for the flight.  Well that's all about to change if you ever try Root Down at DIA.  You will add this spot into your travel routine.I've stopped in here the last few times I've flown out of DIA for a beer and a quick bite to eat.  They have a nice selection of Colorado Drafts combined with a great food menu.  I'm a big fan of the roasted beat salad, in fact I'd go as far to say it might be my favorite thing I've had there.  Crazy eh?One thing I really liked about RD was they understand you're in an airport and only have a limited amount of time.  If you're in a rush, check out the to go area or just tell your server and they will get it out fast.  I mean fast, I've seen items come out in under 5 minutes. As far as airport food goes, I don't think you'll get a better option.  Root Down is a great addition to DIA.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/1/2014,137,174,7,17,11>Oh là là - Detour, I have fallen in love with your deliciousness!  Detour Bakery is my new favorite place in Denver.  I discovered this little gem driving by a couple weeks ago and now can't get enough.  I have been spreading the gospel of Detour to everyone I meet these days.  I don't think I can live without their croissants, danishes, quiche, and baguettes.  Everything I have had is phenomenal. Their cheese danish are a must have.  After one bite, I was in love.  They go quickly though, so get there early!  On Saturdays they have bacon jalapeno baguettes.  If you know me at all, you would know that bacon and jalapenos are one of my favorite combos... so, add bread to the equation and I am putty in your hands.  I had one fresh out of the oven a couple weeks ago. It was to die for!  The owners even asked me how cooked I wanted it - which was awesome.  It ended up being the perfect consistency. Perfect crisp on the outside and soft with the right amount of chew on the inside. Heaven.  The family that owns Detour is fabulous. So friendly and always will to go the extra mile to provide great service. Their pastries are sensational!  I highly recommend you stop by ASAP.  Please go support this wonderful bakery!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,3/31/2014,131,96,4,8,6>First of all the location of this restaurant is fantastic, it's definitely up and coming and I love the way this restaurant looks from the inside out. The store front looks brand new and the inside is inviting. I went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and sat in one of the booths, the decor reminded me of Mexico, ironic. I loved the old chandelier that hung from the ceiling, it gave the place a very rustic, antique feel. I ordered the Carnitas Michoacan and when I first got it didn't think it was that much food, until I started pulling the pork apart and was about half way finished with my meal and was full. In my opinion the pork was a little bit dry but I put some salsa on it and it was delicious. I'm a fan of corn tortillas and love that this place makes the corn tortillas in house. I had a bite of my dates burrito, nothing too special about that, just a bean burrito smothered with some sauce and melted cheese. I will definitely come back here to try more on the menu. They also have a patio which will be great for the months when the weather is warmer!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,3/30/2014,71,455,1,20,7>This was my first experience with a dispensary of any kind, and I was here to start pricing bud across the area, but I didn't go any further - I was sold on the service and friendliness of this place.  I was surprised at how clean, orderly and professional the whole experience was.You will need a valid ID to enter the waiting area, and after getting your number (think deli-style) you can sit on their three large sofas or armchairs - I think the lobby can seat about 15 people comfortably.  I came on a Monday around 1pm and my wait was only about 15 minutes.  Being a first timer, I relied on the guy who helped me (Ethan) guide my choices.  He was very helpful and knowledgeable and I didn't get the eye-rolls I was expecting being a newbie and asking some pretty dumb questions.Their prices are high, compared to some numbers I'm seeing from their competitors in the area.  It cost me $88 for and eighth (medium grade) and a small tin of edible mints.  For bud, they use a three-tiered pricing scheme, so based on the quality and THC intensities you pay different amounts.  The quality of the bud is pretty high.  I looked at the product at home using my loop magnifier and the trichomes were an absolutely beautiful light amber and they were wall to wall on the flower.  Good looking and smoking product!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,3/29/2014,397,602,1,12,7>I just moved in across the street. (Literally, across the street. This is my view from my living room).  On my first night at the new place, me and my new roommate checked this place out for dinner and a couple drinks.  This place has only been open for a couple days, and like every new place, definitely has a couple kinks to work out but nothing that won't be worked out in the next few weeks. The pizza is FANTASTIC! This is coming from someone who is just a super snob about pizza in general. I had a pizza with artichoke hearts, garlic, and sausage (that I custom created).  The sauce is superb, the crust is even very delicious and the ingredients were fresh. They offer a decent beer selection on tap offering a few local brews as well. This could be deadly..or awesome..living so close.keep up the good work and I look forward to many visits from here on out!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,3/28/2014,288,412,8,11,11>Oh Fat Sully's, why do you haunt my dreams....? Just kidding, but you are a darn good slice of pizza. In fact, I think you may be my favorite spot in town to grab a slice. You just make it too easy for me. With the little window you have that I can order from that stays open until 3:00am most nights, and the fact that you're just down the block from my night job, it's just a match made in heaven. I usually order up my slice with pepperoni, sautéed onions, and basil, with a side of your chipotle ranch to dip it in. It's lip smacking good. Sometimes I try to go for two slices, but one is always more than enough. You certainly know how to feed the masses, your slices are huge!  I'm also fond of your house salad with that amazing homemade balsamic vinaigrette. I just can't think of any reasons not to love you. Good lord this review has made me hungry for you again and I just shoveled a slice in my face last night. I can't wait until I see you again!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/27/2014,40,74,8,24,24>Love Love this place! I've been in four times since it opened. I think Mary Nguyen opened a spot in the Denver foodie scene that was much needed. Attention to detail was not only given to the delicious food being served out of the kitchen but also to the dining room. The rustic wood tables along with a community table make it a place to not only grab a bite with a friend but also a place where you can turn on your laptop to get some work done.I've tried two breakfast dishes so far. The sunrise and the sonoma. My favorite of the two was the sunrise though I enjoyed both. They both came in a cast iron skillet covered with two perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs. The portions were spot on.Since they also have a deli case with items that you can pack up to go, I ran in on a cold night to grab something to bring to a friends potluck and ended up settling on the roasted vegetables. They were a hit with everyone there. I reheated them in a skillet at home and the flavors were hearty.It's an order at the counter kind of place but the people working are very friendly and willing to explain how everything works when you walk in. This is a great go to neighborhood spot with prices that won't break the bank. A welcome addition to uptown!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/26/2014,102,242,3,13,8>From beginning to end, an awesome dining experience. We braved the snowstorm to come and enjoy dinner since I had a Groupon I needed to use. We were greeted and seated right away in a very comfortable and inviting dining area. Seats were comfortable and I liked the natural wooden tables. At first I thought we would be the only one's there, but in about an hour a good number of folks also braved the snow to come and enjoy dinner. The bar area was very vibrant and Tuesday's is All Day Happy Hour with great drink specials.Our server, Dave Mountain (love his last name) was Great! He was very professional, very knowledgeable and gave us really good recommendations. He recommended we start off with the Berkshire Pork Ribs (Dry Rubbed & Smoked, Central Bbq Sauce, Green Onion) and Caramelized Brussel Sprouts (Housemade Bacon, Pickled Shallots, Toffee, Whole-Grain Mustard Vinaigrette) to share. OMG, OMG, OMG!! We were in Heaven and the song, At Last, came on just when we were biting into the very tender, come right off the bone ribs-the song was so appropriate because I fell in love with the ribs! The Brussel sprouts were amazingly flavorful and so yummy-I wanted more of both! For the main entree, I ordered the Orange Glazed Scallops that came with a crispy rice cake, ginger-mushroom broth, garlic chips, oyster mushrooms and scallions. I paired it with the Stags' Leap Chardonnay and it was perfect! My daughter ordered the Braised Lamb Shank with apple parsnip puree, butter poached turnips & carrots, tarragon, fennel and lamb jus. Calina paired it with the Saintsbury Pinot Noir. Of course we had to try each others entrees and they were both very tasty.For dessert, we split the chocolate espresso cake that came with Mascarpone ice cream, cherry syrup, caramel crunch and coffee beans (all the flavors meshed very well with each other). We had regular drip coffee which didn't seem at all regular-it was strong and flavorful-not at all bitter. Dave made sure he made a fresh pot-that was so nice. They get the coffee from the Metropolis two doors down (Herkimer coffee from Seattle).Seth, the Manager, came by our table a few times to check on us and he is so nice and personable. It was great to be able to let him know about our great experience.Central Bistro is conveniently located across from I-25 (Exit 212C). It has to be great to eat at the patio during warm weather. The music they piped in were great oldies that complimented the meal. Plenty of street parking.Definitely will be coming back!! :-) :-)
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/25/2014,809,1185,9,22,21>By far one of the most romantic dinners of my life!Colt & Gray is one of those places that I've been wanting to enjoy since I moved to CO over three years ago.  One Friday night the stars aligned and the BF and I had a magical night here.Once we entered I was immediately transported to another world with crisp white linens, plush furniture and a fireplace that created an elegant environment for an enchanting evening.  I would recommend Colt & Gray for couples, although a group of great friends would have a sensational time as well.The food is where Colt & Gray hits it out of the park.  Every plate is exquisite and well thought out with every detail in mind, every ingredient adds to each heavenly bite.  Being a true lover of all food we went full out and ordered everything our heart desired.  We started with a few cocktails that were expertly crafted and simply divine.  Followed by a smooth bottle of wine thoughtfully picked with the help of our friendly sommelier.  For our first dish we enjoyed the Fried Oysters.  I've recently found a love for oysters and eating them fried is equally as enjoyable as enjoying the raw preparation.  They were crispy and juicy and were a light way to start our evening.  We couldn't pass up the Bacon Cashew Caramel Corn on the menu and had to find out if it was as good as it sounded.  The answer is Hell Yes!  Bacon flavor throughout each kernel with a few big chunks of bacon mixed in.  The cashews were a pleasant addition to the corn and added salty texture and sweetness to an already delectable dish.  Do you think we stopped after this?  Not a chance, we're still on appetizers!The owner or manager brought over Blue Cheese Dusted Gougeres for us to try.  He must have met me in a previous life and known I loved to be catered to.  These are like fancified cheese balls that melt in your mouth as soon as they touch your tongue.  If you're a blue cheese lover these are a must for you to try.  Next up was what you would think is a basic salad, but there is nothing basic about a salad from Colt & Gray.  This salad was composed of cauliflower, squash, arugula, crispy onions, and homemade ranch dressing.  This salad was a work of art, and deserves a place on the salad wall of fame along with the homemade ranch dressing.  Next came the piece de resistance, the Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras, in other words luscious paradise.  If you love Foie Gras then you cannot miss a chance to have it here.  Seared to perfection with a creamy buttery interior.  I couldn't help but savor each succulent bite as if it was my last meal on Earth.  We're still not done, I told you we indulged in all our heart desires.I opted for the Scallops served with beets and citrus.  Four impeccably seared scallops topped with roasted red beats and slices of citrus.  As I composed each bite, every component sang with perfect harmony.  My counterpart ordered the Local Duroc Pork, the daily preparation of pork for the evening.  Colt & Gray orders a whole pig and butchers the whole pig in house and uses a different cut of pork each night.  This is a wonderful concept and allows the chef to be creative every day with new flavors.  This night it was an enormous pork chop with the bone in.  This dish could have easily been shared between us for a completely satisfying meal.  The pork was prepared with love and was cooked just right.  Service was impeccable all evening from the manager, to our waiter, to the sommelier.  Early on we realized our food was coming out more quickly than we liked and we asked them to pace out the meal more slowly and they delivered in spades.  I'm appreciative of the level of service and food we received here and my only hope is that upon my return they take my taste buds on a new adventure.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,3/24/2014,306,629,5,15,7>Important notice:  Thai Monkey Club does NOT joke around with their spice levels.  Or, maybe they do.  To mess with the world, their scale is 1-6, where medium is a 3, medium is about the same as everybody else's "hot",  and "mild plus" or 2 is the spicy end of most restaurants' "medium."  Don't say I didn't warn you.That said, their food is delicious!  So far I've only had the pad thai with tofu, but it's been great every time.  The sauce is super flavorful, not just hot, and the veggies and tofu are cooked nicely.  My friend said the chicken drunken noodles were very good as well.  Lunch combos come with a vegetarian crispy spring roll that's pretty good as well.  Prices are reasonable-- almost everything is under $10-- and they're incredibly fast.  I've gone for take-out three times, and my order has always been ready within ten minutes.If you like I-need-a-fire-extinguisher hot, this is definitely the place for you, and even if that's not your favorite, I'd still recommend a visit, especially if you're looking for easy Thai lunch takeout.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,3/23/2014,389,548,2,9,11>I really, really liked this place.  I guess I'm getting to the age where I prefer my drinking establishments low key, like coffee shops?  I mean, the interior is nothing to get excited about and maybe that's the very reason I liked hanging out here.Stopped in with the mom and the husband after a movie at Harkins.  The tap list is amazing - all Colorado beers, the majority of which I had never seen before.  I went for six tasters total which I ordered in threes.  The servers/bartenders were very knowledgeable and lined up the tastings in the order of how they should be consumed so you wouldn't end up wrecking your palate.  While I didn't love all of the beers I tried (particularly a super sweet raspberry saison, but isn't that the fun of tasters?), there were a few standouts.  My favorite was Trinity's Merle Saison Nocturnum.  Glad I got this one in a taster.  Even at 12.2% ABV, I could have easily consumed a full pint.They weren't very busy, so we cozied up with a couple of rounds of Yahtzee from their extensive selection of games.  They also have a TV, so you could have a pretty laid back time watching a game.  And, since they're in an outdoor mall (which some may view as a con), there are plenty of nearby restaurants to grab food and enjoy in the taproom.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,3/22/2014,197,231,5,9,9>I literally just got home from the Whittier and YAHOO for that place.  My buddy I get together for beers around once a month and we have been hitting up our local watering holes with frequency here in Park Hill.  I decided tonight we'd make the EPIC drive to the other side of City Park for a cold one.  The Whittier has that new-build high-light ambience , which isn't my favorite, but the tap selection was good and the green chili tater tots sent me through the roof.  They were just what i wanted post-dinner and during-beer.  The people working there were quite nice and we had a great time.  i"ll go back.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,3/21/2014,17,241,1,12,9>Disclaimer:  I'm admittedly a big city snob, especially when it comes to food. My husband booked a reservation here to celebrate my birthday, and I'm most certainly glad he did. The food was absolutely outstanding. The service was a match to boot -- unpretentious and not annoying overwhelming (you know how some places can get).The menu made me all excited since I wanted to try everything, so we ordered:Crispy Veal Sweetbreads ($9.50)Escargots Perrier ($12.00)Steak Tartare ($12.50)Pan Roasted Scallops ($24.00)Steak Frites, Classique ($23.00)Wine ($11.00 glass -- can't remember which)Chocolate Pot de Creme Bread Pudding ($7.00)Total (including tax):  $107There was an amuse bouche which was outstanding as well. I would usually comment on all the dishes individually, but that's not warranted as everything was absolutely excellent and perfect. Not too bland, not too rich. Just the right amount of accompanying sauce. The Sweetbreads were the relative favorite. The only criticisms I can think of is how tiny the restaurant is (I realize this would be a plus for some) and the baseball bat toughness of the baguette (I know it's French, it's just not my thing). This is all minor -- this place is definitely now in my top 10.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,3/20/2014,54,119,2,14,11>I picked Humboldt for my graduation dinner with the parents and in-laws.  We were seated promptly upon arriving and were greeted within minutes of being seated. Our server was absolutely amazing. He was funny, professional and patient with the table.  We engaged him in a series of questions for about 15 minutes. I started to feel bad for the guy as I knew we couldn't be his only table, yet he treated us as if we were. We each started with either a cocktail or a glass of vino. I chose the Prosecco as I'm a sucker for the bubbly.  My mom ordered the Blood and Sand with Brandy instead of Scotch.  It was delicious. The closest thing to a Brandy Old Fashioned Sweet outside the state of Wisconsin.  My fiance and father had a Grey Goose martini with an olive and a twist.  I know there's nothing fancy about a vodka martini, but it was probably one of the best vodka martini's I've ever had.  My fiance and I started with the oysters, which were great.  We each had one Kumoto and one Barcat.  Although we only ordered four, we were given six which was a nice surprise.  The oysters came with a cocktail sauce and a side of mignonette.  For dinner, I ordered the scallops with asian pears and arugula and a side of crispy brussel sprouts. The sauce that came with the sprouts was out of this world. I highly recommend it.  I think the star of the show at our table was the Barramundi ordered by my soon to be mother - in - law.  It was divine.  Pan-seared, crispy and flavorful.   I'm a sucker for good seafood and feel I've found my new go - to place.  While the prices weren't cheap, they weren't overly expensive either.  The fish plates were around $25 while the scallops entered into the $30 range.  The most expensive thing on the menu was the lobster risotto which my mother ordered. The small bite she let me have told me the dish is worth the price.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/19/2014,246,749,4,10,7>The food is superb. The drinks are unique and delicious. The venue upstairs is great for live music and film. This place is just fantastic!I came across this place during the Intendence Film Festival and it has been a favorite ever since. The main floor is a fantastic restaurant with a nice patio facing the Olde Town Arvada Square with the fountains and farmers market on weekends. The food is fantastic. I really enjoyed the Trout dinner and the Wings appetizer. For drinks, you must try a French 75. Mike talked me into one and it has been my go-to ever since. It's a pre-Prohibition cocktail made with gin. The Sangria is incredible as well (but be careful, this one will sneak up on ya). Service here is always top notch (and stylish might I add). And, there is always plenty of free street and lot parking in the area. On most nights there is live music in the venue upstairs. So, if you can't get a table right away, head on up for a cocktail and some tunes while you wait. Or, kick back and enjoy the show after dinner. I'm really looking forward to spending some time here during the next film festival!This place is wonderful. Check it out for yourself! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,3/18/2014,154,335,3,13,12>The amazing staff at this Pho restaurant made a terribly awkward situation really great. I was out with a friend looking for something tasty to eat and seeing Pho Duy had opened up we decided to stop there. My friend also had their relatives with them who were trying Pho for the first time. So the dinner dragged on. And on even more. It wasn't until we left at 8:30 pm that I realized the place closed at 8:00 pm vs most places that serve Pho or food in the area closing at 9:00 pm. You would never have known it from the amazing service we got but I still find myself shriveling in embarrassment inside every time I pass by this place.Atmosphere: Its industrial pho style. Comfortable, good for conversations and friends. Not white cloth and anniversary dinner chic.Service: A+++ polite, helpful, attentive and quick.Food: Their serving traditional Pho offerings. The broth is well seasoned and savory. The serving sizes are good and the meat tasted fresh. Their boba is a little on the sweet side and not my favorite offering.Price: Pretty consistently cheap with the comparable restaurants.Overall: Go here, Eat Pho, Avoid the Boba.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/17/2014,29,68,3,20,9>I feel the need to preface this review with the fact that I don't eat sushi.  That being said, I can't say enough good things about Kazoku Sushi.  I went there with my family recently and was very impressed with the whole establishment.  I was initially impressed with how nicely they decorated and set up the restaurant.  I frequented this location when it was Fazoli's and the interior is virtually irrecognizable at this point.  The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive. Our server was helpful and made the effort to make each individual feel welcome. The food as Kazoku is as amazing as its staff.  I ordered the Tofu Hotpot with Eggplant and thought it was absolutely delicious.  I often like to try new things when I go to restaurants a second time, but I will find it difficult not to go back to this same dish.  The sauce was rich, the eggplant and tofu cooked perfectly, and the portion was large enough for me to take home another meal's worth. It came with a choice of soup or salad.  I chose the hot and sour soup, which was nice and peppery.  I often avoid miso soup because at other restaurants it is bland and watery.  Not so at Kazuko Sushi.  I tried my brother's miso and was immediately taken by it's flavor.  I would go back to Kazoku Sushi in a heartbeat.  It is a great place to go for a quiet evening out, but can also accommodate a large group.  Great job Kazoku Sushi!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,3/16/2014,103,577,3,12,12>Yes! Finally! I have been waiting for Epic to open the moment I heard they were planning a Denver location. Before that, I was driving all the way to DaveCo Liquors to buy some in bottles. Epic really knows a thing or two about brewing up a delicious batch of beer (or 25 batches). With 25 different beers on tap at the brand new location you are bound to find something you'll love. The space is huge and very nice. The staff is friendly and seems to know what is up (even though it was only day #2 for them when I visited). Hooray! I can't wait to go back! Thanks for coming to Denver Epic! I am glad that I don't have to drive to SLC now to try a taste of all of your beers!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/15/2014,345,277,3,12,15>Awesome Customer Service.  Awesome Staff.  Awesome Dave, the Bartender!I was participating in the Fried Cheese Tour without actually eating Fried Cheese.  I looked at the menu mid-week prior to the event and didn't see anything that was actually in my wheel-house so I sent an e-mail.  Asking if they would be able to put something together for me that was raw.  I received a prompt reply, from Jessica, that said she had talked to the Chef and he would be happy to do something raw for me.When I arrived the day of the event they provided a very nice salad along with some olives.  Very yummy on both accounts.Dave, the bartender, and the Suicide Juice was my absolute favorite part. Remember when you were a kid and you would go to the soda machines at 7-11 and add a little bit of every type of soda in the joint?  Well Dave made Suicide Juice for me.  It starts with fresh lemon, lime and orange slices and then he mashes them all in the metal mixing cup with his wooden crusher thing (very technical term) and then adds a variety of different juices.  Since this is a closely held secret by only Dave and myself I'd have to kill you if I told you the exact types and amounts of these juices. Anyway, back to the story, it was so very delicious and made my taste-buds sing.The food was very good, the atmosphere was quaint and it was a good time had by all.  They get five stars based on the fact that they went above and beyond to provide me something to eat and drink that wasn't on their normal menu.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,3/14/2014,111,186,12,17,19>This place is good for the following: If you're driving down Colfax in the Lakewood area and feeling hungry. When you're lazy and don't want to make anything. When you're super hungry and don't want to pay about $8 for a tasty and filling meal. If you want to be able to order food and not be surrounded by crowds of people. If you want to relive scenes from "My Big Fat Greek Wedding".They boast a wide variety of food, but why try anything other than their Greek food? My first visit we got a chicken slouvaki pita (pita and fat fries) and gyro plate (gyro, pita, salad, dolmade). And now we're hooked! My pita didn't come with dolmades, but is always one of my favorite sides at Greek places. The friendly lady overheard me say that half of my friend's dolmade would be mine and laughed. When she brought our food, my pita plate had an extra surprise! A dolmade just for me! No halving necessary. I really appreciated that. Another notable visit was when they were training a new cashier. She was about 11 and from what I recall, she had trouble seeing over the register and had to perform in front of her entire family sitting at a table directly across from the register. She didn't keep it a secret from us that we were her first customers, but it didn't matter, she was the best cashier we've had!Sometimes I'm feeling really antisocial and take the food to go, although it's still delicious, it's not the same as being served hot and eaten out of a little basket. It's so good fresh. The pita is hot, soft and a little crunchy on the edges. They serve it just like they should in a foil wrapper, although, no foil has ever helped me avoid making a mess. And the veggies are very fresh. Sometimes you'll get a place that's inconsistent and you end up with soggy tomatoes or droopy lettuce every now and then. Not here. At Yianni's, you'll only find plump and firm tomatoes in your pita. Not to mention the generous chunks of feta in your salad.It's important to have a good, local, and convenient Greek go-to place in my life, and Yelp friends, I've just found mine.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,3/13/2014,297,159,9,15,15>Serving Up That  Great Diner Experience    Tom's Diner really does give that experience you want when you see the word diner out front. It has that retro feel to it like that show Happy Days. Never really watched it, but I can picture the Fonz eating here. And it is also clean for a diner! That staff are nice and friendly I thought. When going to a diner you want that personal experience and I felt they achieved that with my boyfriend and I :D Tom's is also open 24 hours a day! So, you don't really have to think about it! Just go!!!! :)    The food is that classic American diner food with feel good, stick to your bones goodness! Of course you aren't going to get fancy fare here, but why would you come to a diner for that?! When I came here I ordered the fried chicken. It is crunchy and juicy! Exactly what you will want when you are fulfilling your fried food fix! 3 pieces come with this meal, 2 cheese toasts, a scoop of mashed potatoes and gravy and a bowl of peas, corn, and carrots!!! It is huge!!! I can easily get two good meals from this plate! My BF got the chicken fried steak. I liked my plate better, but he seemed to enjoy it :) His plate was just as hefty! On top of this I got I strawberry cheesecake milkshake! It was also huge! But it is a little pricey at $6.95. It basically is a meal in a cup! Delicious and next time I will get my milkshake and an app! Just too much food for me with a whole plate.    I really like the feel of Tom's and also the homey food. If you need comfort food to warm you up I would think about coming here. Or if you just are drunk or have a hang over then this place would work too! ;D Oh and they have parking in the back and side! We thought since it was on Colfax we would have to find street parking. Just a heads up!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,3/12/2014,174,249,3,15,13>For the last and final stop of our taco tour, we hit up Taqueria Mi Pueblo! For tacos, I ordered the barbacoa and the carne asade, while my partner ordered the pollo. Somehow our order got mixed up and I ended up with a barbacoa and a pollo, while my partner had the carne asade. He ate it before I had the chance to discover that my second taco was the pollo, but he said that the carne was pretty tasty.The barbacoa here was a little too salty for my taste, but was appetizing none the less. The pollo was the real superstar of the two tacos here! Not only was the taco jam packed with freshly cooked and shredded white meat chicken, it was surprisingly really juicy and dense! It had a great flavor that stood on its own without the addition of any salsa.I would totally recommend Taqueria Mi Pueblo for a taco experience if you happen to find yourself on this side of town.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,3/11/2014,37,200,2,11,7>So if you want good Polish food, this is your place.  It's owned by the same people as Kinga's, but this one is slightly fancier and has a bigger menu.  It's less of a bar and more of a restaurant, though both obviously have similar food.  If you're new to the cuisine I'd recommend the Taste of Belvedere sampler platter, which really is big enough for two people's dinners.  You get to try a whole bunch of different things and there's a wide variety of meat and vegetables on the plate, which you might not expect from Polish food.  It's heavy, no doubt, but it's really good.  For the entrees, my favorite is the potato pancake with the beef stew.  It's hard to go wrong with kielbasa, and though I prefer the red to the white, I wouldn't argue either way.  You will have to wait a while for your food, but they don't rush you, so it's good for a relaxing dinner.  I've been here a few times now and it's never been crowded at all, so I hope they get more business on weekends or late nights.  I'd like to see them do well but I'm not convinced their location is the best, as it is away from most of the downtown scene.  But it's worth a trip over here for sure.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,3/10/2014,452,518,4,10,7>My husband and I stopped here for a couple of cocktails and some burgers. We sat in the bar which was large and had plenty of tables. Our waitress/bartender was very attentive and always polite. I liked my burger but my husband didn't really care for his (he's quite picky, though), and definitely didn't like the big wedge potato fries. I didn't mind those, however. We had old fashioneds made with Stranahans and they were fabulous. The first one was kind of strong so I asked for more simple syrup in the next one, and was delighted when it came out perfectly made AND that the first old fashioned was comped to me. I didn't ask, wouldn't have expected it -- but it was classy and I definitely appreciated it. I'll be back! I love the feel of this place and everything I had was top notch. Definitely give it a shot!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,3/9/2014,257,1564,6,12,11>I've only gotten items from the counter, but I'll be back soon for dinner.If you live in the area or are passing through, they've got foods that will make your guests BEG for an invitation to come back again. Salumi, olives, cornichons, and more will make your cocktail party (or afternoon snack) special. Oh, and did I mention the chocolate? Ritual Chocolate, Mast Brothers...only the good stuff here.They have a nice cheese selection, and the quality is great. That quality comes at a price, so if you're on a budget be careful. That sample is free, but next thing you know you're pulling out the credit card for cheeses that you MUST. HAVE. NOW. While I gasped at the price of the delicious cheddar I bought, my bf and I agreed that it was worth every one of the many pennies I paid for it. They also have some cheeses that I haven't been able to find elsewhere in town.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,3/8/2014,158,145,2,9,10>I love this place. I love this place so much that it was the place I chose for my lunch out with my co-workers for my birthday.  Having a few different eaters in the group, all were satisfied with all the different choices on the menu. Salads, Soup, Pizza, Sandos, or just a big ol' plate of cheese, if that's more your speed.We ordered three pizzas-The Wild Mushroom, the Bruges, and the Prosciutto.  For a group of seven (and one person ordering a side salad), it was the prefect number of pies.  Our waitress was spot on with her recommendations and helped our group make decisions that all seemed happy with.  My favorite was the Bruges: thinly sliced green apples, crispy brussels sprouts and toasted pistachios. YUM! A totally different tasting pizza that your ol' pepperoni and cheese, but so freaking good. And the birthday dessert that they brought out was out of this world--even some of my "oh, I'll pass on dessert" co-workers were digging in. A stout brownie with some kind of salty ice cream. Again, YUM!Their tap list is awesome. You can find a lot of really great local stuff here, but what's even cooler is the random stuff from around the country. Their standard tap list is great, but they also seem to have some rotating handles that feature some really cool stuff.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,3/7/2014,476,701,11,12,12>Show up early for lunch if you don't want a wait. So far I've only tried the pupusas. Walking in and seeing the flat top covered with freshly formed pups and smelling the aromas wafting out of that tiny kitchen... how could I not try those first? The chorizo, carnitas, and chicharon pupusas I ordered were more like two meals than one but I managed and ended up waddling around the rest of the afternoon. From now on I'm gonna have to chop 'em in half as soon as I get 'em and hide the other half from myself! The trials and tribulations of the overweight taco eater.....  sigh.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,3/6/2014,106,99,6,12,7>What we ordered: Pan con Lechon (roasted pork sandwich)Lechon Moro y Yuca (roasted pork plate)Guava and Cheese Pastelltos (cuban pastry)Reviews: Pan con Lechon - roasted pork sandwich with garlic and grilled onionsYou have to try the Pan con Lechon. There's no other way of describing it than an explosion of deliciousness in your mouth. I didn't know what to do with my face when I took a bite. I wanted to smile and drop my jaw in awe at the same time while rolling back my eyes in pure bliss. The pork was extremely juicy - it actually explodes with juice in your mouth when you take a bite; thus, the explosion of deliciousness. It has garlic and grilled onions in it, making it even better. I LOVE garlic so this was the sandwich for me. That was just the inside of the sandwich.. the bread was amazing too. It was very fluffy and soft. SO GOOD! MUST TRY!!!!!!Lechon Moro y Yuca - Roasted pork, rice with black beans, yuca and onionsThis was also very good. Not as good as the Pan con Lechon because it didn't have the garlic. The pork was juicy and the rice had good flavor. My boyfriend got this, so I only had a couple of bites (had to save room so I could finish the sandwich). Guava and Cheese Pastelltos I really like guava so I had to try this when I saw it. The pastry is really flaky and buttery, add guava and cheese inside and you have a tasty package of goodness. The filling had a very strong guava flavor and was a bit sweet, but the pastry was able to balance it out. I let my boyfriend try a small piece and that's all he got. I refused to share any more with him, not to mention the fact that it was gone in seconds.Staff: The people working were extremely friendly and nice. (I think they were the owners)
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/5/2014,248,189,7,17,11>Cozy atmosphere. Delicious food. Great wine. Excellent service. What more could you ask for?SERVICEI have to start with the service, because of this lovely incident: once my friends and I were on our second bottle of wine, I started increasingly talking with my hands. And then BAM -- of course I knock over my glass of wine, right onto my cashmere sweater. Not a minute later, our server was wiping up the spill with napkins and another server was handing me a bottle of wine stain remover from Wine Enthusiast (which works like magic, btw!). Five minutes later, it's like nothing had happened at all. GOLD STARS ALL AROUND! Our server was also friendly, attentive, knowledgable about all the food and wine options, etc.FOODEverything we had here was absolutely delicious, which makes me want to try all the things we didn't eat. Their menu changes every day though, so I'm pretty sure that could get really expensive. Here's what we had:+Tots -- definitely not your typical tater-tots. I have no idea how they make these, but it was like a fried mashed potato ball with melted cheese, ground meat, and spicy peppers on top.+Brussel Sprouts -- good-sized pot of perfectly-made sprouts with delicious seasoning and cheese.+Mussels -- some of the best mussels I've tried in a long time.+Mahi Mahi -- very well-prepared, and the curry is great (if you like curry).+Brisket -- extremely tender (just fell apart at being touched) - YUM! Probably the best entree here if I had to pick.WINEThere's some really great (and affordable) wine options here, and the servers are great at describing the wines so you can pick your flavor preference. We had 2 bottles of the Nebbiolo, which was different than anything we'd had before and absolutely fantastic.ATMOSPHERENice and cozy, but not too crammed. Not too loud or too bright, making it a perfect spot to have a conversation with friends or to go on a nice date.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,3/4/2014,103,97,15,16,13>Four stars because SERIOUSLY THAT BIG WINDOW FREAKS ME OUT A LITTLE. What benefit is there to having a coffee shop in the neighborhood that is all about the hipster/artisan side of the bean? Well, when we first moved into our neighborhood Crema Coffee was the only thing with a pulse. Now look at that stupid neighborhood, there are people EVERYWHERE. So here's Huckleberry, a little coffee roaster in the heart of Denver. You may remember their beans from various retail stops and cafes in the area like Denver Bike Cafe, Nooch, and a third place. Now they're growing up and putting up a flag on the west end of town, 43rd and Pecos, in a sleepy little neighborhood. What is there to say? Damn fine coffee, espresso, and pastries trucked over from Babette's bakery (in the Source). I hear you get a discount if you wear some kind of plaid/suspender combination, but I have been known to be very wrong in the past.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,3/3/2014,188,261,5,12,10>A beer lover foodie's dream come true!I have to give full stars as they have my ab fav Pome Mel Cider (Colorado Cider Co.) on tap! Yummm! Plus, their happy hour rocks, and they have a sweet yelp check in deal for 50% off a salad or wrap. And lemme tell ya that sirloin salad is delish!! Plus fried pickles. Who doesn't love those?I also enjoyed a Ska brewery Orange Cream Stout recently - tasty and perfect! They are so beer crazy that I was told they change their beer list multiple times a day!! What what? That is how lodo does craft beer!The set up is a lil strange, but that adds to the flavor. The service is typically very good and the food is solid. I have been here a few times and suggest sitting outside, at the bar, or in the middle area. The back has a creepy vibe, not sure why. It is a solid venue for a great meal and drinks, a very welcome gem in the crown of downtown Denver!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,3/2/2014,2899,601,6,16,13>You know when the parking lot is completely packed on a Friday night, you're in a for a ride.A few things to know ahead of time:1) Cash only. Don't rely on the ATM because it was out of service when we visited.2) Place your order, pay, and find a place to sit down. There is not much room to maneuver around here, either at the counter or around tables. It's kind of a one-way loop. They will find you and bring your food, or at least they did when we were there last week.3) Don't let the "steakhouse" title fool you. This place is a dive with decent food at a reasonable price. Don't dress up or you'll feel silly. You've been warned.My takeaway:-- Food - 4/5 stars (Don't get excited about the salad because it's wilty iceberg lettuce but the steak and potatoes are quite tasty)-- Atmosphere - 3/5 stars (You're eating in a real slice of Americana - this place has been around since the 50's with not much updating)-- Craziness level - 10/5 starsDefinitely worth trying once!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,3/1/2014,90,221,4,8,9>What a cool little spot, nestled up in downtown Louisville.  Where have I been? I never realized Louisville was so hip and trendy!  This being our last stop on a brewery tour I was only able to try a couple of their beers, but I was very impressed with the complexity and richness of the flavor Foxx Rouge Strong Ale I had and the Saison my GF had.  DELICOUS!!!  The pizza's coming out of the kitchen looked incredible and very artisanal, but I didn't have a chance to try so that will be next time.  Aside from the great beers, the actual space had a real hip, cool vibe that I dug and the fact it was next to a little antique book and record store I was sold!  This place is cool and needs to be checked out...I think I just sold myself on going back next weekend.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,2/28/2014,186,551,1,19,14>This place is fantastic!First of all, it's small, quaint and romantic - definitely a good place for a date.  It's a head to tail butcher, so they use all the parts of the animals whether in stocks, main dishes, apps, etc. (or so they said)   The menu is about average in size, but definitely interesting.  They have a pretty solid wine bottle selection although by the glass is minimal. (as to be expected)  They also have a good number of cocktails that looked nice and I've heard are nice, but I chose not to imbibe.  The place, while quaint is not pretentious, but pretty casual.We had excellent service the entire night and chowed on fluke crudo, lamb bacon flatbread, and I had a lobster tail and knuckle over a shaved fennel "slaw" which was the special for the evening.  We finished with the petite three dessert, a combination of a biscotti, apple pie sundae and an eclaire.  The fluke crudo was flippin fantastic, lamb bacon flatbread a 4, and the lobster tail and knuckle with fennel was up there as well - a 4.  The desserts were all wonderful, and I'm not a biscotti fan, but this one was quite good!  As mentioned, service was excellent.  Even after paying our bill and the restaurant emptying, our coffees continued to be filled up.So, in summary...great food, great service, and a place I'll definitely be back to.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,2/26/2014,212,1203,4,10,7>There was a wait for us to be seated. But the inside waiting area thats enclosed with a heater was nice. Stopped in for Dessert and it didnt disappoint. Went with the Chocolate Cake and Chocolate Malt with Chocolate Malted Balls. Death By Chocolate 100%. The Server, and Hostess were great and attentitiave. Its nice sitting at the bar and watching them plate up food and desserts, and talking to the Dessert Chef. Its on my list now to go back and Have Dinner and Dessert.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/25/2014,204,522,8,12,13>For lunch, for what it is, five stars.  This place has been on my list to try for a long time, and I finally went today.  I should have gone long before this, and I should go for lunch every Monday.  First of all, the sandwiches are terrific.  I had the braised pork with goat cheese and greens.  It was outstanding.  But, the cranberry chicken salad might be even better.  My two friends split both and said the chicken was even better than the pork.  The homemade chips that came with the sandwiches were incredible.  And, if this wasn't enough, at lunch on Mondays, all sandwiches including chips are $5.  One of the best deals in town.I forgot to mention that the bread the sandwiches are made on is extraordinary.  It makes the bread at some place like Which Wich look like a crime against humanity.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,2/24/2014,80,271,2,18,10>I have found a new favorite!The place is awesome, in the new container building, the people very friendly and the food deliciousThe menu is split so you pick your appetizers, meats, and sides. You get to also pick the portions of meats with 1/4, 1/2 and 1 pounds and size of sidesWe had the lamb that was perfectly cooked, pink in the middle and lightly seasoned with peppercorns, we also had the goat that was served with a broth and was amazing and pork with slaw that was also tender and delicious. We had French fries, green chille and tortillas for sides.A few nice beers and a reasonable bill made our evening
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,2/23/2014,336,514,8,12,11>When I die, I hope heaven is filled with puppies, jolly ranchers, men that look like Channing Tatum in Magic Mike with silver platters full of delicious burgers.Who am I kidding? I won't be in heaven.WIth the boyfriend and I having the same day off  and in the need of a little daytime romance, he suggested we head for a bite to eat and a movie. Because we drive by CityPub often, we figured we'd try it out....and I'm so glad we did. HOLY. Here's why:1. THE BURGERS ARE AMAZING. literally. They are perfectly cooked, juicy, and big enough to split, if desired. We also shared the wings, which were delicious as well!2. Everyday they feature specials. Big City Burrito day, $6 pitcher day...you name it, they have it. The happy hour is a great deal too :)3. Staff is beyond friendly and they exude a "family" type atmosphere. Everyone knows everyone and are very welcoming to newbies.4. Prices are great for what you get! $20 for lunch, including the pitcher of beer? WOW.All in all, I dug this little gem. I plan to grab my friends and hit up this place for a burger, brew and broncos :)
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/22/2014,154,252,9,7,6>Give me a steak, and I'm a happy lady.  Give me a sugar steak, and there's no telling what I'll do (is that why I've only been here on dates?).  Sugar steak, sugar steak, sugar steak... yum.  Grilled to perfection, and I love a place that won't cook a steak past medium (well they will, but just know that they're going to spit in your food if you do.  Not like you'll be able to taste it anyways.  Who orders a steak past medium?  You lose all of the flavor!).Classy rat pack feel inside without being too pretentious.  Just kicking back with Dean, Frank, Sammy, and that other guy.  This place is good for catching up with friends over stylish drinks (think Manhattans and Martinis, not PBR and Jager), or it's perfect for a middle-of-the-week date night.The service is always great.  People whine about it being slow, but it's nothing to complain about.  It's got an old school family feel.  If you want servers who kiss your corporate patooty all night, go to Chili's.Things I recommend: sugar steak (one of the cheaper steaks, but it's what they're known for), grilled Caesar salad, twice baked potato, and a Manhattan. It's a Denver staple, and a must to try.  Prices are not that bad, considering that it's a steakhouse, so don't let the big dollar signs on this site fool you.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/21/2014,226,414,6,22,9>Love me some Tapas D' Jerez! We have been 3 times over the past few weeks so we're definitely fans. This is really more of a 4 star review but honestly I can't understand some of the mediocre reviews for this place so I am giving them the credit they deserve.We've only sampled their tapas here. We do it true Spanish style and stagger all of our requests in order to enjoy the evening. Our favorites are the Chorizo al Vino (so good Hubs and I sometimes request our own bowls), the croquetas are amazingly creamy and delicious, the Papas Bravas are outstanding. OUTSTANDING. I don't eat a lot of potatoes but the paprika sauce is out of this world. It impressed me so much I tried to replicate it at home! The smokiness is seductive. The mussels are also in this same type of smoky paprika sauce and it makes you want to lick the bowl- throw etiquette out the window! We've also tried the clams and shrimp in garlic sauce which is good.On one night we did the Tapas Sampler which is a pretty decent deal but we didn't love everything we had. The potatoes in aioli are pretty bland and the chicken in paprika was a tad dry. The calamari has a very light breading that is pretty good and tastes fresh. The goat cheese and pepper spread a top the toasted baguette slices is very tasty.To top it all off, it's all reasonably priced. The portions are generous, most bottles of wine are around $30, their beers are $3.50 (that's not happy hour pricing, either!), their house wine is $5- perfect for the area. The servers are all spanish and sometimes it's difficult to communicate but I think that lends to its authenticity. I'm thrilled to have something so tasty down south and we'll keep returning again and again.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,2/20/2014,160,224,2,9,8>Copper Kettle has great craft brews, a great vibe, and a helpful friendly staff. We've been taking advantage of this local gem for a couple of years, stopping in for a drink, or picking up growlers for parties.Recent hits include the Bavarian Helles, Tequila Barrel Imperial Vienna Lager, and my fave dessert beer: Mexican Chocolate Stout.Stop by, get a Beer Bux card, and enjoy!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,2/19/2014,245,483,9,11,10>This gem is hidden in the often forgotten Globeville neighborhood.  But, it is not to be missed.  The steaks here are top notch and the prices are outstanding.  They usually close around 6pm, so come here early and come hungry.  Even better, come here for breakfast, planning to take a nap later.  The staff is wonderful and the décor is fantastically nostalgic.   Unfortunately, I thought I would be moderate and ordered a 10 oz porterhouse.  Our friend ordered a 16 oz porterhouse, which left me with some serious steak envy, especially after I devoured my steak of inferior size.  Needless to say, I can't wait to come back for a 16 oz porterhouse.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,2/18/2014,155,280,14,10,7>What a find...this place just opened on the 9th of January and it's busier than the Obama Care web designers and marijuana dispensary clerks.We walked into a sociable, open space with a toasty warm fireplace, two of the nicest smiles at the hostess station and a swarming, crowded yet pleasurable scene.Every server, bartender, manager, supervisor and busser were just first class. Everyone helps out and they immediately make you feel welcome.The Post Brewing Company has two of their own brews: The Lil' Buddy American Style Bitter and their Big Rosie Porter.  They serve "guest" brews from Grand Teton, Grimm Brothers, Upslope, Boulevard, Firestone and River North.The food revolves around the Chicken - Chicken and Waffles, Chicken Fried Steak, Crispy Chicken pieces, Fried Chicken and down home comfort food (Deviled Eggs, Collard Greens and Green Chile Mac & Cheese).The female servers shirts sport the following:Hot Chicks Dig Cold Beer!The Big Rosie Porter was fantastic! Not too bold, just  "Thicke" enough to give you "Blurred Lines." The Lil' Buddy Bitter is light, refreshing and just like Gilligan, not complex at all.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,2/17/2014,163,177,1,12,9>My band opened for 2 other bands here last night and it was the first time I'd ever set foot in this theater.  Wow!  What a treasure!  What a cool local artifact with its original floors and murals!  From a performer's standpoint, the staff were great to work with.  The sound guy, Jeremy, really knows his business, pitches right in to get your gear all set up and got our sound just right.  The stage is large and spacious, and there's even a Green Room!  I felt like a real live rock star last night!  Thanks Jeremy and Oriental Theater, from your fans eleven.59!  We hope to play here again real soon!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,2/16/2014,133,398,6,11,13>A brewery in an industrial area? Nah, can't be. But obviously, yes, that's where it located. I had a Groupon to Big Choice that I kind of forgot about for awhile. Once I recalled that, a group of us decided to go on a Saturday. We wound up having a large group, about 12 peeps and had a great time.The staff was so freakin' friendly and helpful, I just loved them. When we first arrived, there was a good-sized crowd, but by the time we left a couple of hours later, the place was packed.The Groupon was for 4 tasters and a growler with one fill. For $10, that's pretty awesome. I tried 4 different beers, but stopped at that amount since I had to drive all the way back home from Broomfield. Although I only liked 2 of the 4 beers I tasted, I did try others' beers and enjoyed quite a few. What I liked most about this place was that it unpretentious, a good-sized crowd, but not claustrophobic. It was just an overall good vibe. There was a BBQ food truck that I didn't realize until I was on my way out, but bringing your own food was perfectly fine too (Thanks Doug for the banh mi sandwich bites and persimmon slices!).When I am on this side of town, I will stop in. The only problem is, this is far away from anything that I would ever have need for in Broomfield. But it seems like it is a great local hangout.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,2/15/2014,560,980,8,20,15>I know, it is hard to believe that a couple of us were still a tad peckish after hitting Big Smoke and Jax.  But, just like the heart, the stomach wants what the stomach wants.  So, Alissa and I dropped in for a quick drink and a light bite.  I stuck with water to drink as there had been plenty of libations earlier.  My first thought was that the place looked much nicer on the inside than one might expect from the storefront.  The owner (Ibrahim?) and the servers were friendly and efficient.  I ordered the Beef Shawarma sandwich by itself.  It was some of the most flavorful Shawarma I have tried.  I had mine with the garlic dipping sauce (thick and super garlicky) as well as the red chili pepper sauce.  They both complimented this moist and flavorful sandwich. Kelly T. did not exaggerate the magnitude of the garlic in her review, but I enjoyed every reeking bite :)The pita on the sandwich here is very soft.  This carried over to the fresh pillows of pitas that were brought to us straight from the oven.  They were painfully hot to the touch and oh so good.  They went well with the strongly smokey and quite creamy Baba Ghanouj (smoked eggplant with tahini, garlic & lemon juice) into which we dipped the pita.  Phoenician Kabob has a full bar, and many of the customers were enjoying drinks on this Sunday evening.  Indeed, we even ran into another Yelper friend (first physical meeting) who had checked in for a quick drink.  There are many things on the menu I would like to try in the future, and I will definitely be back to give them a go.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,2/14/2014,53,127,1,12,11>Great beers, friendly staff, great location all in a small town. This brewery has such great and bold flavored beers that you would think they would be in the heart of Denver competing with some of the best, but instead they are in the small town of Lafayette. Great interpretations of both Belgian and IPAs this brewery has a lot going for it considering how new it is. A must visit.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,2/13/2014,85,236,4,11,8>Best wings in Denver.  Awesome sauces.  Cool beer list.The wings.  They are. The Best.  While some might say they are a tat small that is because these wings aren't some gelatinous sloppy mess that others try to pass off as wings.  Who wants to much on warm fat?  The wings are all meat and the sauces (especially that Raspberry Habanero) are delicioso!  Oh and those fried pickles... they ain't kidding around either.  They taste great!Their beer list, while not necessarily huge (8 taps if memory serves me correctly), always has something interesting on it.Five Stars... this place is worth the calories!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,2/12/2014,66,377,4,12,8>I knew nothing about the Weathervane Cafe, had only noticed it when driving by. I loving having no expectations and then being pleasantly surprised! Actually, pleasantly surprised is an understatement- I'm in LOVE with this place! So many fun details- well decorated, local Dram bitters for sale, necklaces for sale (just to name a few). Anyway, we ordered our sandwiches and while we were waiting, a donut appeared on our table. I damn near died. The donut was amazing and involved bacon. Just when I thought my endorphin level couldn't rise any higher, I received my sandwich. Just amazing. Large portion stuffed with quality ingredients. Also, the person who took our order and made our sandwiches was probably the nicest human in the world. He had a gigantic grin from ear to ear the entire time. It was just a great experience. I 100% plan on frequenting the Weathervane often. I wish all dining experiences could be similar to what I encountered today. Thank you!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,2/11/2014,2089,519,12,18,13>Nice intimate setting to stretch yourself into relaxation. Full Circle is a local studio on Main St. that offers many promotions through groupon for either a punch card or unlimited monthly pass. They offer an array of levels to choose from as well as awesome events for those that would like to be enlightened on some yogic topics. I purchased an unlimited pass and only used it once so far. The yoga teacher I encountered was Meghan and she was teaching a F2 Vinyasa class. I loved her instruction and tone. It was fluid and offered great options. I would note that you may want to tell your instructor if you are opposed to adjustments if it's not your thing. The group present that night was pretty mellow and all going at their own pace, which is fine. The vibe could have been a little less segregated but I didn't mind so much.There are props available for use and mat rental for a dollar. I suggest checking them out online to view their class offerings and pricing. If the shoe fits, go to the groupon site to see if they are offering a deal your willing to indulge in. In retrospect, I'd go for a punch card because you never know what may come up and not be able to take advantage of the full month but if your motivated, it may be right for you. They also do teacher training here as well- just to throw it out there.Great studio for first timers!!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/10/2014,267,467,12,40,29>I've been sitting here seriously considering panning this place to keep the crowds away because once this place is truly discovered you won't be able to get near it.  The very BEST meal I've had in Denver in years - I kid you not.  And, shockingly affordable - easily half the price of many of Denver's current crop of high end restaurants and so far superior in terms of food and service.You know you're in the company of serious food professionals when you go to the bathroom where the decor consists of a shelf of the creme de la creme of everything gastronomic in print - Beard, Child, Larousse Gastronomique - you get the idea.  These guys are serious with serious credentials backing them up - check their bios.Place is fine but pretty simple and certainly not in a high rent district but you are here for the best food being served in Denver at the moment by some of the most genuinely gracious servers and talented culinarians I have yet to encounter.  But, enough foreplay - let's talk food and get on with the multiple orgasms.  No faking required, I assure you.Menu is not huge - maybe 6-8 appetizers (no small plate b.s.) and a similar number of entrees.  So, picking should be easy, no?  NO. Because every single offering is so totally seductive.  We ended up each having two (yes two) appetizers and an entree each.  We both started with a bowl each of textbook perfection split pea soup as warm and welcoming as a good hug on a chilly night.  Studded with plenty of ham and not pureed into oblivion.  ($7)  Looked like a small portion initially but deceptive because it was so hearty and soulful.We shared the next two appetizers (we skipped dessert in case you're thinking we were total gluttons).  Hard to say which was more divine - the house made brat with house cured sauerkraut and whole grain mustard or the decadently rich cauliflower and turnip gratin (served in a small iron skillet and topped with sauteed wild mushrooms) - both $9.  The appetizer portions here are ample and you could easily make a meal out of two of them. Ready for the mains??  I think our totally on the ball server Mitch was starting to think he had a couple of wild jackals on his hands and if he served us a haunch of lion he'd have to get out of the way - and fast.  My friend had the braised beef shank 'a la matignon', parsleyed fingerling potatoes, wilties (kale tonight) - $19.  He works at a fine dining restaurant in town and even he was speechless (and he never is).  The complexity and layers of flavor in this rustic, hearty dish  would have been cheap at twice the price (which it would have been among the new crop of mediocre overpriced venues in Denver who think nothing of $15-$20 firsts and $30-$60 mains).Saving the best for last, I had the caraway and rye crusted salmon, horseradish pierogi, dill velouté, wilties (also the kale).  Honestly nothing I can say can possibly describe what a revelation this dish was.  The fish slightly crunchy on top of the tenderest, most succulent salmon you will ever be lucky enough to taste sauced with a classic velvety dill velouté .  But, the real show stoppers were the two handmade potato horseradish pierogies.  I could easily just have a plate of these for dinner and be completely sated.  All this again for $19 - can you believe it?  Dinner for both of us was $75 (we're not drinkers, at least at the moment, so I can't offer any insight into liquor or wine selection/prices).  No 1st over $10 - No mains over $20.  I'm telling you I considered asking the staff to tack on a $100 pleasure tax and it would still have been a bargain.  I am going to sleep soundly tonight dreaming of my next opportunity to explore more of the wonders emerging from this little kitchen with its awesomely gifted and inspired crew.Amen.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/9/2014,134,197,2,9,7>I FINALLY made it over to The Market with the bf this weekend. I can't believe it's taken me a year and a half to go. This shop has a little bit of everything, coffee, bakery items, pastries, sandwiches, hot foods, pasta salads, a salad bar, soups and more! Lots of tasty little goodies everywhere you look. I guess the most confusing part is ordering food... you order sandwiches on one side, hot food/salad on the other and then meet in the middle area to pay. I got a half sandwich of prosciutto & provolone with some mozzarella & basil pasta salad. It was really good. I'm glad I only got a half because more would have been too much.   The bf had similar and we both liked ours and are excited to try more items in the future, especially the pastries and coffee. They also had samples of bread out, we had the cornbread piece & that was really tasty. This place also looks like it has a million perfect stocking stuffers, so I know I'll be back.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,2/8/2014,40,230,4,12,5>Another Christmas lunch with my good friend, and this time she recommended we try Session Kitchen in the Old South Pearl neighborhood. Right away we were impressed with the light and eclectic ambiance, and really liked the light display over the bar area (old commercial fluorescent tubes no less!). Service was casual yet knowledgeable, and I really liked it that our server was excited about the new menu. Yes, we were able to try the new brunch menu! We chose the pork belly kabobs, the biscuits and lamb sausage gravy, and the carrot cake pancakes. Our server recommended we try the chicken and ham hash but we heard "pork belly" and just had to try the kabobs - and they were simply delicious: tender pork belly, pineapple, maraschino chilis and mint. The biscuits and gravy was rich and delicious with flaky biscuits, large chunks of sausage, sauteed spinach and feta (?could be wrong on the cheese). Seriously one of the better sausage gravies in town. And the carrot cake pancakes! Oh dear. Think carrot cake bread pudding with a delicious creamy topping and baked in a mini cast iron pan until bubbly, crunchy, soft, gooey and delicious! Breakfast and dessert all in one, and it went so well with the other flavors. Either dish might have been too rich for one person to hog all to themselves, but they were perfect for sharing. We were able to linger and enjoy each others company and had a wonderful experience overall. I'm sure on subsequent visits the star rating will increase.Even better, we didn't have an hour wait (even with a reservation) like you find at so many other trendy (and delicious) brunch spots around town. Although I do want to come back for dinner (and happy hour!), I will definitely be coming back for brunch, and I suggest you do too!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,2/7/2014,226,218,1,9,7>Ya Ya's seems to have a bit of everything and it all looks great. Had a small office gathering for the holidays the other night and it was a great time.We started with the hummus, which had an awesome kick with the chili aoili. For an entree, I got two small plates - the mussels and the beet salad. The mussels were great - nicely seasoned and a great broth. The beet salad was also tasty. Split some different desserts - chocolate souffle, Kahlua bread pudding and creme brulee. The souffle and brulee were great - I'm just not a huge fan of bread pudding in general.Ya Ya's isn't in my neck of the woods, so I probably wouldn't be in a rush to go back, but it's a great spot if you're in the area and the staff, ambiance and food are all spot on.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,2/6/2014,221,525,3,18,9>A skeptic no more. By the end of our second visit, I started having memories from years ago when Chipotle only had only one location and everyone knew that it would be nationwide one day. Scratch Burrito has that same feel.It offers healthy and comfort foods at a culinary level rarely experienced for less than $10 a plate. Pair that with just the right touch of variety and alcohol options, and you have a place that can make everyone happy. I started as a skeptic. I couldn't get motivated by any of the recipes, so my first choice was an Indian influenced lamb burrito. After being blown away, we switched halfway through, and the #2 chicken burrito was equally impressive. The high level of flavor combination and execution was very surprising. The next visit we went with vegetarian and blackened catfish burritos...both were dynamite. It only took a few bites to cure my skepticism. In November, the menu will change with the seasons, and we'll certainly be back to try the new additions.   As far as the environment, half of the restaurant contains bar height tables and the other half provides regular options. You have environment choices...oh and I left out the patio seating and corn hole court. If you want an inexpensive, casual night and possibly a beer or cocktail with your delicious dinner, then Scratch Burrito should be on the short list in The Highlands.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,2/5/2014,174,419,3,11,10>I think in terms of wedding dress shopping I was pretty fortunate.  While I had no tears of happiness (like I was "supposed to" when I found my dress...) I certainly didn't have any tears of frustration/anger/sadness either.  And no one was rude to me or made me feel like that awkward boutique scene in Pretty Woman (y'all know what I'm talking about).In fact, my experience at Amanda's was quite pleasant.  I didn't end up finding "my" dress here, but there were definitely some options for me.  And the woman who worked with me was very nice and helpful.  My mother and I arrived on a Friday afternoon; there were a few other customers browsing (and I think one bride there for a fitting), but in terms of finding a dress we were the only ones.  Amanda's selection was great, with some designers and styles that I'd noted on the internet.My consultant had me pick out several dresses to start and took them into the large dressing room.  Amanda's Bridal had, by far, the largest dressing rooms of the four stores I went to.  I think even the dressing room had a pedestal in it.  This store felt more open than the others, but that was okay with me.  I think if any brides weren't comfortable with the "parade" it would be possible to have those along come into the dressing room to see.Amanda's also has a large selection of bridesmaids dresses assorted by color.  I saw several shoe choices and accessories on display as well.  Additionally, they have many plus-size sample dresses from what I saw, which I think is very helpful to have available.  Again, I did not end up purchasing my dress from Amanda's, but I would have felt comfortable doing so if it had worked out that way.  I recommend Amanda's for those on the dress hunt; if I may I might suggest visiting at an "off" time (e.g. not on the weekend), just because I think that may have contributed to the positivity of my experience.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,2/4/2014,143,217,6,21,13>A new Thai place right across from Sloan's Lake say what? I got overly excited the first time I saw the signs for this place when they were remodeling ViNa. I am obsessed with Thai food and would eat it everyday if I could.I love the decorations in the place. Thailicious has a modern feel to it. Their booths are really comfy couches and they have a veggie wall! How cool is that?We ordered a thai iced tea and a thai iced coffee to start with. They were both very good and I would get either of them again. The bf is obsessed with spring rolls so, of course, we got an order of these, too. The presentation on these was gorgeous and I was pleased to find that the flavor matched the presentation. The peanut sauce was amazing.I got the pad thai. It was good, but was a bit too much on the sweet side for my liking. Also, the hot is more like a mild in my book. I guess next time I will try it Thai hot. I will say that the shrimp were cooked perfectly. They also top the pad thai with crispy wontons. I'm not sure how I feel about this.The guy ordered the thai volcano which is a glass noodle dish that comes with a great selection of veggies. He ordered pork with this. I found myself eating more of his than of mine. I think next time this is going to be what I order. I am also looking forward to trying their curry. Service was odd to say the very least. We went through three waiters by the time we left. I am not sure if this is how it is supposed to be or not, but I would have appreciated some consistency. This made tipping a little difficult because one of our waiters was worlds better than another. Nevertheless, I will definitely be back and look forward to eating on the patio in the summer time to take in the beautiful view of Sloan's Lake.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,2/3/2014,235,1122,3,11,5>Given that this place is a nano-brewery it gets four stars (otherwise, it would be less). I think it's all about expectations. One guy runs this places, brews his own beers, and does it all out of a garage in an industrial park. With that said, I like checking out little places that are hard to find. This place was actually recommended to me so I thought I would swing by and check it out.The beer is okay... nothing especially excellent but, again, it's better than what I could brew and being a nano you're basically in someone's basement. The interior is pretty bare bones but you can bring your dogs, there are plenty of tables to sit at, and the owner is interesting to talk to. Again, this is about meeting expectations... this is a nano brewery and not a craft brewery or macro brewery. It's definitely worth checking out.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,2/2/2014,137,262,5,12,11>I'll admit that I was nervous about going to the Fort after David T.'s review. I am happy to say that despite my worry, I had a great, simple meal. We ordered the sausage appetizer and the scotch eggs. The eggs were decent, but not something I would order again. The habanero sausage was my favorite of the sausages, though they were all pretty tasty. I ordered the bison tenderloin done medium rare, with steamed potatoes and vegetables for my entree. I was happy they were willing to make it easy for me to go dairy-free. The tenderloin was absolutely amazing. We moved from Montana, where bison is frequently offered, so I feel like I'm a pretty good judge. My husband ate my leftovers and also commented on how amazing it was. I recommend the hailstorm for a beverage. I had the Mexican margarita first and wasn't down with it enough to order another. I didn't get dessert, but did order some decent port, which is always nice to see on a menu. Our server was friendly and the atmosphere was cozy--perfect for a cool winter night. While I could see how they could be annoying to some tables, I actually enjoyed the carolers. The Fort is a fun spot to go with a group, especially if you have a designated driver! Anyone?? I'll definitely be back at some point to try their stew and have some of the Jack Daniels ribs.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,2/1/2014,208,396,11,13,10>The BFF took me here for my birthday.  Yes, I have great friends!  We had a late reservation on a Friday night.  My one and only complaint on the experience is where we were sat.  Although there were quite a few nice empty tables for 4 (that either remained empty or were seated later with parties of 2), the two of us were seated at a small table for two off to the side and sort of in the pathway.  Our hostess tried to make it seem like a treat, by saying we were being seated by "the lovely Adriatic" but that did not make it better and ended up being our joke of the evening when our table felt cramped. The food and the service completely made up for our shabby table though. The menu changes on a regular basis.  I can't even remember everything I ate, but I do remember that it was all delicious.  They offer a 4-course dinner for a set price and then you have a few options for each of those courses.  I don't know if they also offer some courses ala cart (if so it wasn't indicated on the menu).  The 4-course dinner is pricy, but it's worth the money.  For one of the courses, lobster ravioli were offered at an additional upcharge.  My friend opted for that, and let me say we both would have been happy if we had eaten four courses of that.  It's one of the best things I've ever eaten.  My friend's reaction after she took a bite, "I want to smear this all over my body and save it for later."  Yes, it was that good.Frasca is certainly the go-to place for a delicious special occasion dinner.  If I ever win the lottery, I might just become a regular here.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/31/2014,268,175,6,25,18>I value having a restaurant like ChoLon in Denver - it's a place where one is treated to the exotic tastes of Asia which are flawlessly executed while honoring the nouvelle cuisine esthetic for presentation, freshness, and inventiveness.The Chili Crab Rolls ($13) resemble Vietnamese spring rolls (gi cun or nem cun) from your favorite local take-out and your first bite will affirm that what you are tasting is simultaneously new and familiar, and utterly delicious. The crab rolls are generously filled with delicate, mild crabmeat and charred corn. Accompanying the rolls is a very light mayonnaise which is judiciously spiked with zesty Sriracha.  The interplay of the cool, slightly sweet filling and the gentle warmth of the sauce will animate your taste buds. Chef Lon Symensma's inspiration for the Pork Belly Buns ($14) may have come from David Chang's signature dish at Momofuku, but his take on the Chinese pork bun is equally as exceptional and a must order from the Small Bites portion of the menu.  The rich pork belly is braised, barbeque style, with honey and sesame and served atop what the menu describes as pickles. The pickles are comparable to a tangy slaw of julienned carrots, red cabbage, onion, vinegar, and ginger. Artistic dollops of hoisin complete the arrangement.  This dish is interactive since you get to assemble the ethereal buns.  The combination of sweet, salty, sour, and spicy will make you want to stand up on your table and do your happy dance.  Don't worry, you won't be the only one. Those two dishes were stand outs on my most recent visit but rest assured, the playful and satisfying soup dumplings are still on the menu as well as the outstanding Brussels sprouts. I've enjoyed a reinterpretation of the classic Peking Duck, sadly no longer on the menu, but I spied some gorgeous scallops which I want to try on my next visit.  You may think that I'm a shill for ChoLon, however that is not the case - there are elements of the restaurant experience which could use some attention. The elegant urban and modern loft-like dining room can get quite loud - the high ceilings and hard surfaces along with the open kitchen will compel you to shout across your table to be heard during peak hours. The equally stunning bar area with banquette seating allows for a more intimate experience.Service at ChoLon is usually relaxed and professional, however there are times when I find it harried and not as polished as one would expect. There have been occasions where newer servers have not been able to describe certain menu items, plates haven't been cleared promptly, and the check has not been presented in a timely fashion. The front desk team and the bartenders are always on their mark - I'm always greeted warmly and my regular drink is served by the time my ass hits the barstool.  Some minor tuning with the front of the house will ensure my continued patronage.Chef Lon Symensma and his kitchen team consistently deliver food that tastes extraordinary, showcasing the exotic tastes of Asia with elegance and sophistication. If you haven't sampled what ChoLon has to offer you definitely should go. If you haven't been to ChoLon in a while, the food alone merits a return visit.  Enjoy!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,1/30/2014,263,617,30,19,13>Who do you guys think you're fooling? You don't think we're wise to you?You, with your nice and oh so friendly front office people. And your straight-forward, honest and trustworthy mechanics. What with your incredibly cheap prices and extremely reliable service, you think we don't get it? You give customers free loaner bikes?! Hah! You think we're tricked by that kind of come-on? Your incredibly low estimates that turn out to be HIGHER than the actual charge you hit us up with? You think we haven't figured you out?We all know the truth! And I'm going to shout it from the rooftops of Yelp.You won't get away with this. I'm outing you RIGHT NOW . . .You are aliens from Saturn's moon Enceladus.No other explanation makes sense.You don't behave like any other auto repair shop on earth. You've tipped your hand one too many times, and I'm going to report you to the NSA! We'll be done with the likes of you very very soon. And the world can again go back to what it's used to . . . getting dragged over the coals by our normal auto "repair" shops.David "Won't Be Fooled By Great Cheap Service" M
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/29/2014,185,459,11,11,9>The Atomic Cowboy opened up a second location about 10 blocks from my house, which makes me happier than a pig in poop!  First of all, the staff is AWESOME!!  Hannah took excellent care of us, and the manager (Shayla, I think), came over more than once to interact with us.  Their service was above and beyond.We tried every specialty drink they offered.  The supermosa and the grapefruit caiparosca are excellent.  Others may have not been my taste, but were still mixed well.  The tap list is great too.That men's room should not have smelled that clean.  Seriously, it was really clean.  Wow.It's set up just like the original, complete with Fat Sully's and DBC in the same spots.  The bar has a great layout with an upper deck above it.  We had so much fun here that we stayed for an entire Sunday.  My cousin and I came here about 11:30 and within a couple hours we were joined by a few friends.  We didn't want to leave.  I'm thrilled that this bar is here in this neighborhood, and I'm frightened thinking about the amount of time I'll spend here.Cheers!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,1/28/2014,75,67,5,11,9>2013 seems to be the year for new "farm to table" concepts in both restaurants and markets and Mondo Market at the Source is on that same track.It's part of the exceptional concept at the Source and it's arrival is what makes them the place to be in 2014!Mondo at first glance has that same LES feel, mixed with a little Pike Place and Oxbow Market in Napa. It's small but open and it ticks my boxes for this new type of market that prides itself in great small quantity vendors that whatever you select you know you're getting the very best they can produce.We arrived to meet our posse and choose to "nosh" at Mondo with a cheese and charcuterie plate that was selected by the owner and that was a huge bonus. We've found in our travels that if you ask them, they will send an outstanding representation of what they are all about and 9 times of 10 you'll be in a palate coma. We ended up excellent cheese and one specific stood out as it had black truffles throughout, not a microscopic spec but a noticeable pieces and let me tell you it was special. It was not overpowering but subtle and that's what made that cheese extraordinary.The salami were exceptional once again small producers, I'm telling you it really reminded me of NYC. They also feature products made in Colorado and that makes me really happy,Here's what you should do;  just go over and let them work their palate magic for you, tell them what you like or what want to make for dinner and let them figure it out i don't think you'll be disappointed
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,1/27/2014,232,372,1,20,11>An independent, reasonably priced nail salon in Cherry Creek with free covered parking and evening appointments?  Hello Gorgeous!I've been seeing Kent every few weeks for a spa pedicure and he is terrific.  The first thing he wants you to do is sit down and relax with a glass of water or wine.  He always has a fun story to tell while he works on your nails.  Everything is very clean and he uses OPI polishes exclusively, I believe.  My toes look great, my feet and legs are smooth after the sugar scrub, and the pedi lasts a good long while.If you book your appointment out 4 to 6 weeks in advance, Kent will give you a generous discount.  What a treat in Cherry Creek!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,1/26/2014,320,975,3,12,8>WARNING :  This SHALL be a Lengthy Review.Saturday March 30th 2013.  18:00hrs EVENT.A few weeks before that evening, I have called Café Byblos for reservation.  I arrived early so as to make sure things will run smoothly etc etc for the Evening Party.  I was at Byblos around 17:40hrs ish.Café Byblos, THANK YOU.  Bringing 21 of my friends to dine in here its not an easy task.  Luckily, when I called for reservation, our table were ready for us.  The staffs who handled our BIG PARTY that evening of Saturday March 30th 2013, were indeed gracious, inviting and welcoming..To prepare 22 items or more coz some of my friends order several appetizers, and preparing 22 Main Entrée for our group is definitely NOT easy.  Yet Café Byblos managed to handle it.  Kudos to the Chef, the kitchen crew and all the staffs.Though the service was slightly slow that evening, coz there are also other Patrons dining in, who sat at the other side of the establishment, I can understand that.There weren't enough Water Pitchers for the group, but at least everyone managed to get their water, and other beverages that evening.  These include several orders of Tea.  From what I could recall correctly these were the items my friends ordered that evening :Appetizers :*  Falafel*  Dolmades*  Mediterranean Olives*  Kibbi Aras*  Filo Pies*  Several orders of Calamari*  Crispy Eggplants with YogurtSoups :*  Lentil*  Several orders of Lamb TongueWhile for their Main Entrees, if I could recall these were the items my friends ordered :*  Several order of Lamb Shank*  Several order of Mixed Kabob Grill*  Falafel Sandwich*  Byblos Combo*  Veggie Combo*  Shawarma*  Shish KabobAs for me, I ordered these items that evening :*  Calamari ($6.00)*  Gyros ($14.00)and these items TO GO for Hubs :*  Lamb Shank ($18.00)*  Mixed Grilled Kabob ($18.00) of 1 Lamb Kabob, 1 Beef Kabob and 1 Beef Kafta One of my friend ordered the Home-made Baklava.Some of my friends like the food they ordered, some do not.  So I can understand their sentiments.  As for me, the FOOD is 3.5 stars at BEST, coz I like my order of Calamari, and Gyros.  The Calamari comes with the Harissa (Spicy Red Salsa) mixed with Yogurt, that they called it as Marinara.  The Gyros are tender and flavorful.But the qualms was in the packing of food TO GO.  YES, they were put in Biogradeable Disposable Boxes, but by the time, I reached home some of the food, sipped out so fast and make it slightly problematic and I have to transfer the leftover and TO GO food, in our own home containers.Nevertheless, all in all though with slight hiccup with service, aka slow due to our BIG party, Café Byblos DID A GOOD JOB for our BIG group.  A BIG THANK YOU to the server by the name of Bethany too.  Left the establishment at 20:40hrs ish.  I don't mind returning when needed.@73/2013
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,1/25/2014,131,377,5,12,9>If you've lived in Austin, then you know what Moontower is trying to do. It's all about the breakfast kids!Here's a quick lesson. In Austin there are two kinds of taco places. One is just straight up regular tacos that you hit up for lunch/dinner/late-night...your Federal Blvd type places. The other is for breakfast tacos. They may have a good regular taco or two, but your reason for visiting is an AM taco. Moontower is this type of place, and is the only one of its kind in Denver that I've found.It was a two taco morning this AM (meaning I was starving), but one taco would probably do the job most days. The first taco I had was the Jim Bob, as I must try any breakfast taco with brisket. It was a bit of a let down, as the brisket wasn't all that smoked and was in chunks like stew meat. In reality it's not bad...I'm just a real snob with it comes to this type of taco. The brisket was tender though, which makes it better than 99% of the brisket in this town. And the smashed potatoes were really good.My second taco was the ticket - the Migas taco. If you don't know what migas are, look it up. This was a spot on migas taco, complete with crispy tortilla bits and authentic Austin-like queso. This taco crossed dangerously close to my favorite version back in ATX.There are a few things Moontower can work on. I'm dying to have a Texas-style hot sauce and had hoped this would be the place, but sadly what I got was more of a picante sauce. Also, breakfast tacos are on flour tortillas, so that question doesn't really need to be asked.All in all, my overall experience was probably 3.5 stars today, but I rounded up because 1) FINALLY breakfast tacos in Denver, and 2) that migas taco is all I will ever need anyway. Plus it was a ton of food for under $7. Looking forward to having it again, and perhaps trying out some of the other breakfast tacos (which you can piece together your own creations as well).
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,1/24/2014,639,447,11,12,13>Things I learned upon visiting La Cocinita:1. Chimichangas for breakfast are a fantastic idea.2. The hidden places are sometimes the best.3. Their booths aren't bolted to the floor (people kept scooting them in and out)I've been staying in Sloan's Lake for the last few days, which means more Mexican food than you can shake a maraca at, which makes me very, very happy. This place is the top of the top of places I ate over the week and I will be frequenting this place from here on out. Just off Sheridan and 29th, if you're not looking for it, this place would be easy to miss. And if you miss it, that's most certainly your loss. The service was fast and friendly and, while the decor is certainly sparse, all that melts away when you take your first bite of whatever combination of meat, cheese, beans and tortilla you choose. This was the best shredded beef that I have ever had at a Mexican establishment and my friend told me yesterday that their chicken is just as good. I can't WAIT to eat here again.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,1/23/2014,306,1103,8,14,11>Let's just add this place to the ever-growing list of mine called "Places I would have never known about if it weren't for an online deal". I like to drink however due to my having to wake up early most mornings and frugalness, choose to do so at home so I don't frequent my nights going to pubs. But I saw a $20 for $10 deal and thought, why not? I love me some bar food and reading the reviews, this place seemed legit. Then I saw they had a brunch menu and game was on!They open at 10am on Sundays, we were there before 10am because we love brunch that much and sat on the patio. We were the only table there and only one server working so the dining gods were on our side. It was super quiet outside on Pearl and everything was peaceful. They have a limited brunch menu but I saw old faithful on there, Eggs Benedict, so it didn't take too long to decide what to get.  They do an Irish pub spin on the classic dish with corned beef, spicy hollandaise sauce (get it on the side and save money on angioplasty later on in life!) and sweet potato hash. Sigh.Ok, so my boyfriend and I go splitsies on brunch so we can have the best of both worlds like sweet and savory dishes. His french toast looked amazing but after taking a bite of the Benedict, I didn't want to share. I begrudgingly gave him his portion wishing I could just steal it back and have it for myself but sharing is caring and he drove me there so I obliged. I don't know i it was one specific thing or all the ingredients coming together but it was mouthwatering and very unique. With coffee, we walked out of there for under $20, not a bad way to start the day!Psssssss.......$3 Bloody Mary's on Sundays if you're so inclined!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,1/22/2014,26,105,7,13,9>I am SHOCKED! This bakery has such an amazing selection of gluten free (and sugar free gluten free) baked goods, it could easily qualify as a legit GF bakery, even though it still mainly makes wheat items. There are two entire cases filled with GF baked goods, its crazy. I didn't even know a place like this existed. If you are a pastry eater who has gone GF for whatever reason, you pretty much kissed your days goodbye of randomly walking into a bakery & picking something fun out. Until now! Besides having to drive to Arvada..... All sorts of cakes, cupcakes, petit fours, and fancy Euro style thingies. Every flavor you could want. And you can even order entire REAL SIZE gf cakes (not those mini frozen ones like at the health food store). That's pretty much mind blowing. If you're GF go here! And if your significant other is GF, pick them up a little something here and they might even cry.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/21/2014,180,496,3,10,9>I have never had a bad experience at Izakaya Den, and I eat here more than I would like to admit. It's right down the street from me so it has become my go to dinner staple. I love the new style salmon roll, the dragon roll, and the spicy tuna roll. I have come to know and love the staff there, everyone is very nice and hospitable. My friend and I were there a few weeks back on a really busy Friday night and couldn't get a table. We asked our server, Alec, if we could just have a few rolls on the bench that we were sitting on and he brought us a delicious sushi picnic. It was so sweet and fun! I love the mojitos here as well as their extensive wine and saki list. Thinking back to all of my experiences at Izakaya, I seem to always have memorable and tasty dinners here celebrating life events or just life itself! No matter the occasion, I always leave full of sushi and happiness (and usually a few mojitos!)
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,1/20/2014,105,314,3,10,11>5 stars...so hard for me sometimes to give out,But...Wow!I had been waiting for months to come and eat here.A friend was getting ready for his trip to France and suggested we dine on some French Cuisine, so here we found ourselves.On a Thursday.Right when they opened.First guests.A little table by the window.Chalk board menu on the wall.Server "Meeg(sp?)" was beyond wonderfulStart with a signature cocktail...La vie en rose.Delightful.Now switch to a perfectly paired Malbec for dinner.Enjoy the:Charcuterie (Can this much food be classified as an appetizer?)Salad de chêvre (Wow...just nibble and nibble and, you get it)Boeuf bourguignon (It is my go to, comparable, I've eaten it in Paris and, "goût merveilleux")Crème brûlée (again, I'm so competitive that I must try it; and it was splendid).Wow!The bill...not for the faint of heart.But, for a special occasion like a "Thursday before a friend is going to Paris"Enjoy!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,1/19/2014,190,322,1,13,11>I'm so happy to see Chingon re-surface over in my 'hood. They have a slick new interior and the same great food. Chef David is a great guy and makes some excellent, fresh dishes. I had the breakfast burrito with locally sourced bacon and chorizo. I can't wait to come back for dinner.My one hope is that they adopt some brunch drink specials like everyone else. $6 mimosas are the only thing keeping me from making this my regular go-to brunch spot.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,1/18/2014,36,123,1,8,7>Everything about Lower 48 bespeaks its New American designs--the cuisine, decor, art, and location.  Went there with the family and tried a lot on the menu from their wide array of selections.   I'd have to say that nothing really blew me out of the water, but every dish was done with care and attention that you would expect from a fine-dining establishment.   A nice addition to this cowtown.   It's hard to talk about the menu because it sounds like they change it every day.  Maybe this is just a trend or maybe it's just because they are just starting out, but as a business plan I think it's a bad idea.  I think it's better to develop some favorites and specialties and build off that.  Also, they take the cute route on the names of their menu items with the "each," "small", and "big" plates.  I remember Ototo did something like that with a clever naming convention and it threw all their customers off.  Of the "each" dishes, the chickpea, hoecake, and beignet were only OK.  Pretty pricey ($2.50 "each") for what was essentially an amuse bouche.   The small plates were excellent.  Loved the savory pancakes, which had a cornocopia of flavors and dibs and dabs of mushroom and other sauces on the plate.  The beet salad was great, somewhat similar in concept to the beet dish at Squeaky Bean.   Of the large dishes, the chicken was better than the scallops.    The scallops were seared just right, but the foamy potato base was a bit bland, and because it was spread on a large plate, it was cold in seconds.   I think we ended up under-ordering; the large plates were not enough to share.  I think you should plan on one small plate and one big plate for each diner at a minimum to feel sated.   Service was very friendly and welcoming.  Our waiter took evident joy in telling us about the menu.   Food delivery to the table was a bit odd--almost like a bumper car--very fast and then jolted to a halt.  I assume that they will iron this out as this is only in the first weeks of service.  They certainly had a lot of people on hand to cook and serve.  The owner was there and he stopped at our table a couple of times.  He offered us a tour of the restaurant afterward, and we took him up on it.   And L48 has something to brag about its space and location.  This is somewhat on the urban frontier--the ballpark neighborhood is on the edge of downtown, but this has its advantages. We parked right in front of the building, and you feel like you've discovered the place rather than followed the crowd.   L48 has all the style and wow of the Kitchen in LoDo in my opinion.   The open kitchen and chef's bar especially look like an enticing place to have a dining experience.  The art work and decor evoke the American railroad and pioneering, literally.  I liked the vibe a lot.  I hope that Denver diners will find this spot, because L48 is fine addition to the food scene.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,1/17/2014,120,341,2,13,8>Made a random reservation on a Saturday night to a restaurant that we could walk to.  This one popped up and it just opened in October, so why not.  Once I stepped in, I was glad I made a reservation, there were no open tables for walk ins.  There were 3 birthday parties going on but none were rowdy.  The decor was hipster meets antique meets rustic.  The hostess sat us right away and our water glasses were filled quickly.  Our waiter was very welcoming and told us about the specials right away.  Their wine list is limited but not too bad.  I started with the rabbit was I didn't realize was a spread.  It came with beets and chopped basil.  The spread was on top on a thick toast then a quail deviled egg in the middle of each.  But the beets and basil on top of all that and it was delicious.  There were 4 toasts, could be for 4, but I ate all of them.  He got the pear salad with frisee and walnuts.  I'm not a fan of frisee, too fru fru for me.  For entrees he got the beef tenderloin with cauliflower.  The beef was perfectly cooked as med rare like requested.  The cauliflower was good like a soup, needed more potatoes or root veggies or something though.  What I ordered was out of this world.  Yes, its the most expensive item on the menu, but well worth it.  I ordered the Lobster and grits.  A perfectly cooked lobster tail on top of creamy grits that have been mixed with crispy bites of lardon.  Oh, I love lardon, and lobster and then you have it with grits!  I was a little loud eating this dish, I had a hard time listening to conversation.  I would eat this for breakfast everyday.  I'm going to just say that this is the best dish I've had this year.  We finished off with the lemon souffle.  It was very soft and not too lemony and topped with pomagranate seeds.I have high hopes for this restaurant.  Please everyone go support restaurants like this.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,1/16/2014,315,429,14,13,13>One word:  meatsweats!Okay, I can't write a one word review, but be prepared for the meatsweats upon entering Seoul BBQ.  The meatsweats aren't a bad thing by any means; they just occur after a plentiful supply of delicious cuts of meat.  And you're sure to get them here at Seoul BBQ.I've been dying to have Koren BBQ for ages, but was simply too nervous (read: I have no clue what I'm ordering or what anything is!) to venture in to one without a seasoned veteran.  Thankfully, the BF has been having a hankering to take me to Korean BBQ and was able to explain everything famously.  Aside from the two of us, Steve A and our friend Ruth joined us for the impromptu feast.  We opted for the Combination Plate A, which is supposed to serve three people.  I'm thinking they actually meant a small army because holy moly, they practically gave us every delicious cut of meat you can think of from several different mammals as well as unlimited sides.  I was a big fan of several of the kimchi dishes, and strangely enough, the kimchi cucumbers were my favorite.  This is strange because I loath cucumbers, but it must have been the slight pickled flavor that made my taste buds so happy.  Try all of the side dishes, you won't regret it!  (Although I do regret trying the little anchovies that looks like bugs.)  As for the meat, wow!  How amazing!  I loved that we were in control of grilling the meat.  Very fun time and super tasty!Aside from the massive amounts of grilled meats that one can order, the menu was full of other interesting dishes, such as cold soups.  So if you're not in the mood for a full-blown feast but rather a small adventure, you'll certainly be able to find something interesting here.Don't forget to wash it all down with some soju!  Imagine vodka and sake had a baby.  That's soju.  YUM.I'm ashamed to say I've lived down the street from such a wonderful place for years but never ventured here.  But I'm glad to say I've been now and will definitely be back to try more of the menu.  Seoul BBQ is where it's at, people!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,1/15/2014,138,353,14,14,13>Like, are you kidding me? I mean, for serious? This is a real place? I mean it has to be, because other people have reviewed it. But, if I'm honest, I'm not 100% sure that we're not all just having the same mutual dream of heaven like we're all in the last episode of Lost or something.Regardless, this place is unbelievable. It's incredible. They have jackets because there is a cold room just FILLED with meats and cheeses. I'll say that again because it bears repeating. They offer you a jacket, because there is a room that is cold, and it is filled with meats and cheese. See, they know you're gonna spend the better part of a weekend walking around sampling meats and cheeses and saying things like "They put coconut in cheese now?! Whaaaat?!" These people are omniscient. It's a fantastic little shop, they're working on a deli/cafe/wine bar. It's large. Great cheese and salumi accoutrements, and even better actual cheese and salumi. Walking through the "room of overwhelming glory" as I call it (the cold one I've mentioned, you know, the one with meats and cheeses?) is stunning. Cheeses from everywhere. Imported fine meats, locally cured finer meats. Olives, too. Though I'm of the mind that Olives are only for the spawn of the devil (says the redhead) so I avoid them. But still, fantastic choices, tons of samples, it's just an awesome stop.You'll easily spend an hour in here looking at all the food items, the French kitsch upstairs, and talking to a super friendly staff. It's a wonderful place -- it's a shame it's kind of far away (I live in Denver) but it's a great little spot, and it's just a magical, magical place.They also sell butter, jams and jellies made from real unicorns.The previous sentence is not true.Go here, it's amazing.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,1/14/2014,242,830,3,16,13>What's better than a steaming, delicious bowl of Ramen on a cold day?Nothing.  There's nothing better.Thank you, Domo, for being my introduction to REAL Ramen.  I'm in love, and there's no turning back.Love the Japanese Countryside ambience.  And the Gardens??  Oy.  So beautiful.  For the novice:  Read the menu.  It's traditional, so don't ask for extra sauces.  Culturally, that's an insult to the chef.  If you're going to hate on that, and their other policies, save the hassle and eat somewhere else.  Otherwise play by the rules.  Slurp your Noodles.  Don't let your kids run amuck. And you won't have any "issues."But really, let's talk food.I recommend the Lunch Menu, simply because it's nearly half price of the dinner, and I STILL leave with half of my meal leftover.  The three Japanese Country Sides are always good and filling, and we usually start with an Appetizer to take the edge off.  The whole grilled calamari was tender and amazing, and I absolutely LOVED the Unagi Tamago (Eel Omelette.)  Both less than $7 and very shareable.Shoyu Ramen is amazing. I've tasted their Sukiyaki Beef Shoyu, Pork Shoyu, Ankake Shoyu with Pork, and Chicken Shoyu.  Domo's Shoyu broth is heavenly.  Soy-y, multi-dimensional, and just plain delicious.  The noodles are perfectly springy and absorb the flavors of the broth tremendously.  The meats are all tender, though the Sukiyaki beef was by far my favorite, and chicken my least favorite.  For lunch, you'll pay less than $10, for a bowl you can't possibly finish, plus the 3 sides.  Can we say "Deal"??I'm looking forward to trying the Miso Salmon Ramen, as hubby absolutely DEVOURS his Salmon Teriyaki every time.Hint for the hungry:  For about $3, you can add a mini Donburi bowl to your Ramen.  Salmon Teriyaki, Unagi Teriyaki, Spicy Maguro, and more.  Not that they don't give you enough food, but it's a way to get a sampling of their offerings other than Ramen without giving up your Ramen Craving.  We skip the appetizer when we do this, though.  It's a heck of a lot of food.And wouldn't you know it?  Now I'm craving Ramen.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,1/13/2014,188,277,6,10,6>This is the type of place that could be the setting for a great noir. The walls are red and so is the lipstick on the the waitresses. The bartenders dress in vests and you can have a smart conversation about the proper amount of vermouth in a martini (none) or why they should always be stirred (shaking breaks off pieces of ice, which dilute the drink).They did a bit of a remodel at some point in the (three?) years since I've been here. They got rid of the electrified metal railing that gave you a little thrill if your bare thigh brushed against it. That's too bad. It still is class and charm and apparently the management stays out of the way enough so it'll keep.Out of all the gin joints, you should come into this one.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,1/12/2014,702,888,4,16,9>I'd been dying to try the ramen at Uncle for a long time, and finally made it here last week. If I had to rate the place based on my first impression, it would be negative because our table had just been given away by the hostess about a minute before my husband and I arrived to a group that had just walked in the door, because we arrived after our friends, forcing us all to wait another 15-20 minutes for a new table to open up. If we didn't have such a sweet server at our table who turned my mood around, I'd probably think twice about coming back to this tiny, overly crowded spot. But our server was awesome, and I loved the food. I loved everything we tried - the brussels sprouts, the pork buns, the fried green tomato buns (probably my favorite!) and my spicy chicken ramen. While my ramen wasn't actually very spicy, it was incredibly rich with a creamy broth, tasty bits of chicken with crisp skin and a perfectly soft egg. I used to shun soft, runny eggs and chicken with skin, especially dark meat chicken, but dang were they good combined. They sure showed me! I couldn't finish my bowl, as much as I wanted to. It was a bit heavy on the salt, as all the dishes were, and I was chugging water later than night (an oddity for me). I'd still be happy to return and try every other dish on the menu - ramen, noodles, appetizers - all of them. The drinks are inexpensive, but options are few. I had two glasses of rose for $7 and the flat-bottomed miniscule juice glasses they serve wine and cocktails in aren't doing the drinks (nor my wallet) any favors. We were accidentally delivered two whiskey drinks that were delicious. They were also stiff, so at $8 apiece, they are probably what I'd order next time. Mmmm whiskey.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,1/11/2014,397,602,7,18,11>On my last weekend living in Cheesman with this literally at the end of my street...I KNEW I had to check it out. Yes, I know that I'm *just* moving to Cap Hill but I won't ever live this close again. I got in line on a Friday night after work after finding out they had opened at 5 pm. I lucked out with the line not being very long at all.  I met some pretty die hard Voodoo Donut fanatics in line who were telling me all about their favorites.And heh heh, Colfax Creme and cock n'balls really sounded the most interesting. (For the record, I passed on both this first trip out).  After an hour of waiting, I stepped up to the register, shaking, nervous that I wouldn't screw up my order.  I got: Fruit Loop and a Capn Crunch donut, Mango Tang, Grape, Miami Vice, Maple bacon, and a Voodoo donut.  My favorite was by far the Grape and Mango Tang. Each offered a light dusting of flavor...and have you ever had a grape and or mango flavored donut? yeah, neither have I. I totally messed up and forgot to order the Oreo donut though, but I will save that for the next trip.This place is funky, eclectic, and a unique donut experience. Do I think it is worth the wait? Yes, maybe once just to check it out...but I likely won't be doing it anytime soon. Come Jan 15 they will be open and at 24 hours at that. I'll definitely be back once the hype dies down to check out all the other flavors.please note, this is a CASH ONLY establishment but there is an ATM in the building (it moves at a snail pace BTW).
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,1/10/2014,152,243,20,15,12>So I went yesterday to pick up a pain au chocolate ($4.00) and it was the most delicious thing EVER.After my first bite I BEGGED my husband to turn the car around so we could go buy a few more. I knew one wouldn't be enough. He didn't oblige. I was taking another bite when a huge piece flaked off and fell into the black hole of the car between the passenger's seat and the center console (the one place in the car that NEVER EVER gets cleaned). I whined (and almost cried) when I saw the piece of chocolately goodness fall into the abyss. Then, it happened. I stuck my hand in the crack, retrieved the piece that flaked off of my pastry... and proceeded to eat it. It was simultaneously the grossest thing I have ever done AND the tastiest. I'm not ashamed. Totally worth it.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/9/2014,194,576,5,32,26>I first heard about Olive & Finch on Yelp talk. A few of us were discussing the need of more breakfast places where you could sit down for a few minutes to eat or just grab & go. Then someone mentioned that Olive & Finch may fit the bill and that they were opening in a few days. After looking at their menu, I decided I would go there for a quick bite before running my errands yesterday.I was warmly welcomed by Allie, one of the managers, upon entering. She encouraged me to sample as much as I wanted. However I already knew what I was getting: the Green Eggs & Sam and a cafe au lait. The cafe au lait was perfectly made and wonderful on a below freezing morning. My Green  Eggs & Sam sando was fantastic: fresh buttered  focaccia with pesto, scrambled eggs, mozzarella, roasted tomatoes and fresh spinach with a fresh fruit cup on the side. I had originally thought $9.25 was a bit much, however once it was served to me I saw value in the large, freshly made, tasty sandwich. I also bought a blueberry muffin that I brought home to B and he said it was yummy.The space itself is warm and inviting and so is the staff. Maybe it was because they had just opened and I was the only one there at 7:30 on a Saturday, but all the staff took time to chat with me and wanted feedback on my experience. They even have a survey they are asking customers to fill out.While chatting with Allie, I learned that they hope to open more Olive & Finch locations in Denver. I hope they do, it's a very welcome addition to Denver and while I'll definitely return to this Uptown eatery, I'd love a location closer to my house!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,1/8/2014,331,569,14,11,11>I understand this is the West End Tap House, but damn, why does it have to be located on the West End of town?  I want this to be in MY neighborhood and to be MY neighborhood bar.  Mine, mine, mine!Their beer list is good, not great, but good.  It has the usual Colorado brewery suspects, such as Avery, Left Hand, Upslope, and Ska, as well as some smaller local breweries like Twisted Pine and Prost.  The food for the most part is a far cry from healthy, but who can judge you for ordering FUNNEL CAKE FRIES?!  As for the space itself, well as Sir Mix-A-Lot would say, baby's got back.  West End's back patio has got it goin' on with comfy couches and lounge chairs sidled up next to  picnic tables under a lit pergola.  Until I can convince them to become the Capitol Hill Tap House, I'm content to head to Tennyson to patronize West End.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,1/7/2014,809,1185,8,19,14>When the BF and I are downtown we both automatically think of The Kitchen, not because it's convenient (it is) but because we've had stellar service and mind blowing food and coming back time and time again is the only reasonable thing to do.The atmosphere at The Kitchen is gorgeous, beautiful bar area and a dimly lit dining room that adds to the ambiance.  The exposed brick and industrial lighting gives this place a great vibe.  Everything we've had on the menu has been spectacular.  Simple food executed with perfection by a kitchen staff who cares about every last detail.  HH offers a wonderful variety of menu items, some from the dinner menu at a discount and some that are just on the HH menu.  My first experience with tasting oysters ($2.50 per on HH) was here, the "fish guy" took great care of me and told me about what would taste best for a newbie.  Turns out, I'm an oyster lover!  The oysters were presented beautifully on a bed of ice with a champagne mignonette, cocktail sauce and of course some lemon.  The oysters had no gristle in the oyster or on the shell and tasted fresh from the sea.  In addition to the oysters the bruschetta is always a surprise and never disappoints.  The base is a crostini with a generous portion of burrata and the topping changes based on the season.  Ask the bartender or server what the topping is for the evening, we've had heirloom tomato's and we've also had a crisp celery salad of sorts on top that was incredible.  The mussels are also out of this world.  We tried Ingrid's Mussels and were a little disappointed that the Fresno chili flavor did not come through more, literally no heat, and we love heat.  The "fish guy" quickly offered us a taste of the Chilled Smoked Mussels which have a distinct smoky flavor and became one of my favorite dishes that evening.  If I had choice between the two mussels, I would want the chilled smoked ones every time.  I dream of the pumpkin soup we had on our latest visit.  It coated my mouth like a warm blanket and made me wish it was Fall all year long so I could enjoy this soup.  On top was a mushroom duxelle with cream fraiche that created the perfect spoonful every time.  We scraped the bowl clean and enjoyed every last bit.One night before a show down at DPAC, the BF and I split the Halibut.  The bartender was kind enough to have the order split in the kitchen so we each received our own plate (nice touch).  The Halibut could not be more tender and the roasted mushrooms added heartiness to the dish without overpowering the fish.  A delicate dish packed with flavor from the mushrooms and the lemon herb broth.  How do the Yelp peeps say it, Amazeballs!Oh my, I almost forgot dessert, we've actually had two over our multiple visits.  The Chocolate Cake (death by chocolate) was rich and coated my entire mouth with creamy dark chocolate to my delight.  This could easily be shared by three or more and everyone would be satisfied with a few decadent bites.  The Sticky Toffee Pudding was crazy, and could be renamed "The Heart Attack".  This tasted heavenly, although after a few bites I think I went into sugar shock.  I highly recommend sharing this dessert with a large group.  The Kitchen creates an elegant ambiance and executes food that keeps me coming back for more.  If I lived downtown it's quite possible that I would eat here every night.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,1/6/2014,240,467,,8,4>Comida is a great new restaurant in the new Source building in RiNo. Dare I say..its better than Pinche Tacos!!Yeah, thats right..I really think it is. For a few reasons. The menu is a bit more varied, the drinks are WAY better, and much less wait!I split a number of tacos..I believe 4 tacos, three griddles, and a gordita. That will definitely fill up two people. We actually added on the two grillers at the end because they were so good (tried all three). From the tacos my favorites were the fish and Stella's pork. We also had a couple drinks - very good margaritas and mixed drinks! For desert we split a horchata..and holy crap that was amazing. Its made in house. Probably should have gotten my own :)Our service was very good..quick seating, prompt refills, and very nice folks!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/5/2014,156,255,1,7,8>Gluten-removed beer so close to home!?! What more could a girl ask for?Spent some time here with Rick himself last night while watching the Broncos game. Rick has worked at "quite a few breweries," and his expertise definitely shines in his brews. While he personally loves IPAs (they have a beer over 400IBU), I was a big fan of the winter ale and the golden strong ale.You can order food from nearby or bring your own food in, which is a huge perk!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,1/4/2014,55,176,,8,5>Getting to the airport early finally has a reward!  I had the most delicious veggie burger that came with guacamole and chili jam on a brioche bun and a side of sweet potato fries with lime yogurt sauce.  It was a large amount of food, so much that I couldn't finish it.  The wait looked bad, but was only fifteen minutes.  The hostess was very friendly and asked how much time we had before our flight.Our server wasn't as friendly or attentive though; she took awhile to take our order, didn't ask whether we wanted ketchup for the fries, walked away before I could ask for ketchup, and we had to track her down to get our bill after waiting for a good long while.  Another server more than made up for the lack of attentiveness by getting ketchup and checking on us.  I'll just assume that because the restaurant just opened, they're still working out a few kinks.  The décor is fun:  globes, clocks, and suitcases. The food is pricey for dinner, more like $$$ than $$.  My veggie burger with fries was $14.  There's a salmon dish for $30.  The food is well worth the price, especially given that most airport food is pricey and not very good.  Pre-packaged items are also available if you're in a big hurry, including salads, sandwiches, and Noosa Yoghurt.  Definitely as good as it gets for airport food.  From now on, I'll actually be excited to eat at the airport.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,1/3/2014,177,337,9,10,7>For my 100th review of 2013 I'd like to point out that DiFranco's employs the hottest men in town! And the food is pretty darn good too :-)Here's the breakdown: location is easily accessible to downtown and Cap Hill. The entrance is a bit hidden so look for the southern most garage entrance to the building and the door will be to the right of that. Seating is a bit limited depending on the time of day. But, I really like the large community table - snuggle in, get to know your neighbor. There are two small private tables next to the front window but for the full experience belly up to the long table.As mentioned above the employees are very VERY easy on the eyes but moreover they are all super nice and you can tell they work hard. I've been here for lunch and the experience is always so welcoming and relaxed. You can look back and see them preparing each meal with attention and jovial fun. What a kick-ass restaurant!Now to the food - YUM to the MMY to the D to the LISH! All of the ingredients are local and fresh, made to order and killer on flavor! There's even a poster to the right of the cash register that explains where each food item comes from. Nothing hidden, just solid food. Also, you can buy their raw products (pastas, sauces, etc.) and make your own meal at home! Great idea to sell what you serve. They also have wine and beer so that just adds to the greatness of this place!Simply put: walk in, place your order and sit down. In no time flat they will bring your order to you and all that's left is to sit back and enjoy. BUT - don't actually sit back because the chairs are (for the most part) backless. I learned that the hard way when I almost fell off my seat. A tad bit on the pricey side but that just means you get high quality for a higher price. I don't mind paying for great service and great food. I always add an extra meatball to my order because why not? You really need to dive in and get you some. Awesome sauce!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/2/2014,26,136,2,9,6>After a long day of car shopping and standing around outside in the chilly weather, the hubs and I went to Jimmy's for an early-ish dinner to use a daily deal that was expiring the next week.  We arrived around 5p on a Saturday evening, and the joint was pretty empty - there actually were a few other people there though, which I always like.  We sat down at a table near the back of the establishment, pretty much right by the open(ish) kitchen, and away from the door so we wouldn't get any cold breezes from the door opening.The place is kind of dark and masculine, in a good way, and has abstract art lining the walls - which are highlighted by various spotlights that change color often.  It was a pretty cool effect, because the art itself seemed to change with the lights.We were greeted pretty quickly and ordered drinks (and noticed that happy hour is 4-7p everyday!), and then asked the waitress for some recommendations.  We asked what "puffs" are, which are an appetizer or burger-side-dish option, and she said they were kind of like a cross between a hush puppy and a tator tot.  Fair enough.  We got the truffle puffs.Truffle puffs arrived as cute little golden brown nuggets, topped with shaved parmesan cheese.  The waitress was pretty spot on (although I think they are a little more like a hush puppy, but I know some people don't know what those are).  Slightly sweet and fluffy, with a hint of truffle.  I liked getting some of the cheese with a puff - a really nice addition.  They were served with two dipping sauces (ketchup and something else I can't remember), but neither of us liked either of them - the truffle flavor was so subtle, that any sauce severely overpowered it.  I recommend these little gems - very yummy.Hubs got the Ditka burger with smoky slaw, and I ordered the sage pork chop with sweet potato gnocchi and seasonal veggies (broccoli on this day).  He really liked his burger - it was cooked well, and he said it was really good, although the quality of the meat wasn't quite up to par with Tag Burger Bar.  I really enjoyed the pork chop - it was very nicely cooked and flavorful.  The sweet potato gnocchi was almost embarrassing as a representation of gnocchi (really, they just looked like gnocchi) - but they tasted pretty good nonetheless.  Broccoli was solid.  The dish was really big too - I actually had to take one of the pork chops home!I can definitely see us returning here - likely when I am no longer pregnant.  I really want to try the burger with peanut butter and a fried egg (weird enough to be intriguing), and they had a spicy jalapeno margarita that is right up my alley!  I was not disappointed in our visit, and I recommend giving this joint a try!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,1/1/2014,73,96,1,7,5>Buntport is my favorite.I wouldn't consider myself a local theater connoisseur by any stretch, but I know a good laugh when I see one! I first found out about Buntport back when I was still at schoolie and they came in and gave us a 1 act preview of their then-new show "Something Is Rotten". Hamlet with puppets! Hilarious! I loved the preview so much I had to go see the full show, and I was not at all disappointed!I sort of forgot about Buntport (ok, I didn't really forget, but you know how it goes) for a few years, until the wifey and I decided to go to one of their Great Debate shows after getting a great review from a family member.. I was all like, "oh yeah! Buntport ppl are hilarious, lets do it!" We did it, and we haven't looked back. We have been to *almost* every Great Debate since, and we really need to hit up some of their full-length productions soon too! They are a great company, managing to stage amazing productions on shoestring budgets while keeping ticket prices affordable. If you haven't been, I highly recommend going--if you're not ready to commit to a full length play, at least go to a Great Debate to get your feet wet. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/31/2013,130,843,6,6,5>Elvis Beignets. I cannot get you out of my mind. You're crack. You're pornographic. You're filthy good. You're a round volcano waiting for me to bite into you and splatter your sticky gooey peanut butter mousse lava all over my extremities. I was here for several reasons. My friend couldn't stop talking about Succotash. Succotash this, Succotash that. I wanted to eat here so bad but couldn't find any restaurant called Succotash. I was angry, pissed, thinking she was teasing my food mad sensibilities. Yeah, she clearly got that name wrong. Second, the Sassafras chef had such a great interview in the Westword. Third, I needed a brunch destination and their menu rocked my face.Alongside the beignets, we also ordered the buffalo hash with chicken fried eggs and fried green tomatoes benedict. I seriously cannot wrap my mind around the chicken friend poached (soft boiled??) eggs. How? It doesn't matter because I made a gif of me slicing into it. Not only does Sassafras serve great tasting food, it's also fun to play with. We received advice that the Voodoo Jam tastes really great with cornbread. I concur. Their cornbread reminded me of cornbread I used to make with jalapenos, cheese, and whole corn bricks (kernels). Great memories there.Afterwards, I wanted more, but I wasn't wearing my elastic waistband jeans. Each dessert featured chocolate which I avoid. I was craving french toast, but tried to be sensible, but then I saw the french toast on someone else's table. Just gorgeous looking with the bacon and blackberries. I want more Sassafras!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/30/2013,200,310,4,12,7>The short rib must be the "Meat of the Moment" in Denver these days.   I have had it at several different places, but I would have to say that Prohibition is the best I have had so far. Was a casual evening dinner with Kelly's parents in town and a few other friends joining.   We ordered several things so we could all sample.  Her parents had seen the place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives so they absolutely "had to go there!"We had the Short rib Burger, Short Rib dinner, Mac and Cheese with Andouille Sausage, Regular Cheese Burger with Sweet potato fries.  There was plenty to go around for all and plenty to sample off each other. The 12 hour slow roasted Short Rib is soo good and tender it doesn't skimp on portion or flavor.  The dinner is served with polenta and veg instead of on a bun like the burger.   Both are really tasty and like I said they do not skimp on flavor or portion in all aspects.  The Mac and Cheese is done right as well, creamy and delicious.  Not too salty with the addition of the sausage either.   The décor is casual and not over done at all, nice patio for people watching  and large doors that open up to let in the fresh air.  Staff was very attentive.  They also have a few different varities of Moscow Mules if you want to divert from the usual flavor.  ***Only drawback... No Brandy.  Mary wanted a brandy so off we went in search of one.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,12/29/2013,43,56,9,11,10>The best brunch I have had in a loooooong time. From start to finish this was five star. They started us off with a complimentary beignet. There were hints of cinnamon and vanilla in a warm, comforting start to our meal. I ordered the Spanish Breakfast Sandwich and it was delicious. The chorizo was a thinly sliced, flavorful sausage. It was a welcome change from the usual ground chorizo you see. The fried eggs were perfectly over easy. Even though I was full I kept eating until it was completely gone. The pork belly hash was divine. Succulent and flavorful. I want more. My daughter had the a la carte pancake and side of fruit. The pancake was one one the best I have had since she was born. Having sampled many of her pancakes through the years, this one put the others to shame. This was not your average, mass-produced pancake batter. Someone put some love into this and it showed. The sides of fruit and bacon could have easily been average and unmentionable, but they weren't. The fruit arrangement was gorgeous. The bacon was great. But then again, bacon is almost always great. Thank you, Opus. Your staff was exceedingly friendly and the food was superb.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,12/28/2013,203,267,5,10,12>This has to be the best of the Pete's eateries, at least in my opinion. I love how well seasoned all the food is, and what great execution. Take out orders are prepped in a thoughtful manner, when you open up your packages back at home you will smile. The salads are bountiful and delicious, even the 'small' size is a feast, my last one (ordered small Greek) came with a large block of feta and tons of nice ripe vegetables! The Avgolemono soup is 'souper' good here, just the right amount of lemon and egg. But the secret is in the sauce, that exceptional tzatziki! Made with sour cream, yes non-traditional but oh so creamy good. There is a good balance of the ingredients, and that's something that can be hard when making this condiment. The platters are huge and look delicious, I can't wait to share one with some hunky and very hungry dude. Opa!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,12/27/2013,111,186,10,14,14>Wow! So glad Alissa R. and Dale Z. invited me here! I'd been eyeing Jax for a while, so this was a great HH opportunity. Even though I "wasn't hungry" I still managed to have 1 Jax strawberry lemonade, 2 Bangkok Fizzes, an oyster shooter, peel and eat shrimp, and generous tastes of 3 desserts. Get ready for the blue "Read more" I missed the memo on the first round and went for the adult strawberry lemonade (umm, can we say "totally refreshing and delicious" all at once?? By putting "adult" I mean it was infused with vodka, but I can hardly believe it). I was back in the game on round 2 and 3 by ordering the Bangkok Fizz. I've mentioned before how I love ginger beer. The Bangkok Fizz is the ultimate drink. Spicy, deceivingly loaded with booze, refreshing, and crazy delicious. The oysters were great and I tried them with the mignonette. Mignonette, that's a new one to me, but it was a great compliment to my oyster. It was a good thing Alissa R. and I decided to just get the peel and eat shrimp and even better that Dale Z. made it a double order. The seasoning was finger licking good. Yes, they provided us with wet towels, but I didn't want to waste any seasoning.. Desserts. Was I just craving every sort of sweets that night? Or was everything that good? The cobbler served in the cute mini cast iron skillet was excellent. Ice cream with not too tart and not too sweet peaches. There was a flourless (gluten free) chocolate cake with an orange chantilly. Chocolate and oranges is one of my favorite combinations. So this dessert was begging my fork to continuously dive in while the others foolishly talked the evening away instead of indulging. Last but not least, the monkey bread with Stanahan's whiskey brickle ice cream (Jennifer B., I'm going to the source!!). Definitely a more elegant take on the monkey bread that we made in college. Had I known then about this whiskey ice cream, I probably would have gained the freshman 15 times 3 my junior/senior year. To ponder: Was it the company that's worth 5 stars? (Answer: Yes.) Or the awesome desserts and HH food that's making me give 5 stars? (Answer: Yes.) Or the 5 star experience? (Answer: Yes.)If I could lounge on a rooftop patio with a view of the mountains, in patio furniture complete with colorful pillows, while sipping on Bangkok Fizzes all day...I would! Seriously, if you're going to Jax... Invite me. Please!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,12/26/2013,147,145,,7,7>A Denver Must Try!Valet:Upon arriving, on a bitter cold December night, the poor valet man was hunkered down in his little shack that was the size of a can  He ran up with a smile and welcomed us to Humboldt Farm Fish Wine (I think because he was getting into a heated car)  Bad rhyme not really an anapestic tetrameter haha   Restaurant/Staff:Walking in the atmosphere is open and I did not find it to be too loud for a Friday night. We sat in the back sunroom (I assume that is what they call it), it was warm and quiet when we sat.  The staff was amazing and willing to joke around with us, something that I love in a wait staff.  Every one of the wait staff that came to the table was in a good mood and was willing to make a recommendation when prompted.Food:I loved it, the flavors were very enjoyable and the fish was amazing.  One thing I noticed that was there were a lot of peppers used in the dishes we ordered.  I love some heat but not all people do.  So, if you are a person that think cracked pepper is just too hot for you, make sure you ask for sans peppers.  The dishes that I noticed were the Tuna app, calamari app and the scallops.  I had the escolar and it was amazing, juicy, and good portion size.  My side was the brussel sprouts with Thai chili sauce and they were, UM UM Good. Dessert: I had the cherry and apple crisp and it was tasted really good and was so nice on the freezing cold evening. Wine:  I thought that they selection was pretty good and they had many bottle that were reasonably priced around the sub $50 range. I had a bottle of the Ruffino Modus and I enjoyed it.  I think the person that picked created the wine list did a great job as far as prices and a pretty good job on the selection.  It obviously was not the best choice for pairing with my dish but I was not wanting a white on that cold night.  I will be back and will update my review, next time will be for Brunch,  the menu looks amazing!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,12/25/2013,95,693,4,8,6>5 stars for the food.Our appetizer was a Hatch chile stuffed with homemade brie and mango. Rich cheese balanced by the tangy mango. Delicious."The black bean soup, nice and spicy, fantastic when sopped up with the pineapple or banana bread."My surf and turf combo dinner with slow-cooked pork shoulder topped with shrimp was tasty. Even the collard greens were cooked perfectly.4 stars for ambiance. Seating, lighting and background music.3-4 stars for the serviceSometime very good and sometimes weak. This is an area that needs work. If I put my used fork on the plate that is being removed do not put the fork back on the table.0-stars for check presentationDo not use an AMEX check holder and then tell me that you don't take AMEX. (20SEP2013 - I have been informed that they are gone.)Overall, we had a very enjoyable meal and will happily return.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/24/2013,102,242,2,10,9>Came to check out the new place, since it opens at 11am, but since today is the grand opening they don't open until 4pm. I was able to come inside and the place looks pretty cool. It is right on the corner of 32nd and Lowell (can't miss it).The menu is typical for Tex-Mex with reasonable prices. Happy Hour is from 4-6pm and 10pm-1am (every day) so definitely will be back to try it out.There is plenty of street parking and the area is kind of quaint in a small residential area.Came back with my daughter for Late Night Happy Hour and was definitely not disappointed. I love the decor--very warm and inviting. The servers, Sebastian, Autumn were great. The hostess, Vanessa, was very personable and just drew you in--very friendly and inviting.The food was delicious, especially the Pork Verde Flautas which were our favorites. The Garlic Prawns were tasty and a good size portion. The Braised Pork tacos were good, but the Chorizo were definitely favorites--very flavorful and a good size. We also had the House Margaritas ($6) and I just sucked it down!! All the food items are $5 on the Happy Hour Menu.Am looking forward to coming back to try the Lunch and Dinner Menu's!!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/23/2013,285,768,4,6,9>Every beer I tried, I liked, a lot. Epic had a larger than I expected amount of beers to try, I actually felt a bit overwhelmed by the variety! But once I settled in and talked with the bar tenders I found a focus and started sampling away! I loved the barrel aged selection, and the sour was my among my favorites. There were a lot of hopped up brews for the hubs to enjoy as well, and he shared the same sentiment as I did, every beer he tried he liked, a lot! My last beer was such a treat, it was the Cherry Kriek from Strange, which I love, mixed with the bourbon barrel aged Stout and for an extra dollar, was served with a piece of dark chocolate. It was heaven. It was truly amazing. We brought home some bombers and tossed around the idea of a growler. I can't wait to get back to Epic again.I must also say the staff here was fantastic. Super excited about Epic, beer, and Denver!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,12/22/2013,94,188,4,6,8>Yum, yum and YUM!  We've been into Jax a couple of times for happy hour and it does not disappoint.  We stopped in about 2 weeks ago while we were wandering around downtown and got there about 5 minutes before they opened.  You know there's got to be something good when you arrive before opening and there's already a fairly long line to get in.  We waited in line and ran to the bar (along with everyone else) to grab seats.  He had some oysters, and we split a sea dog and had some drinks.  I never thought I would rave about a hot dog - but WOW - this was a great damn hot dog!  On previous visits we've tried the gumbo fries and the peel n eat shrimp.  Both were also awesome.  I can't wait to get back here for dinner one of those days.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,12/21/2013,137,174,2,15,11>Bull & Bush is my new neighborhood bar.  I have been here twice a week since moving to the hood and just can't stay away.  I love cute, cozy pubs, and that is exactly what Bull & Bush is.  They have a roaring fireplace, dim lighting, warm servers.  It is a great spot.  Not to mention, they offer delicious food and beer!I came here last night with some coworkers for the prime rib.  The prime rib was wonderful. It was tender and came with warm, savory au jus and horseradish. Loved it.  I got the mashed potatoes with green chili on top as a side, which is definitely the way to go. I am a huge fan of their green chili here. It has a perfect heat and awesome flavor.  I would rank it as one of my favorite chilis in Colorado.Their beer is delightful as well.  I especially enjoyed their Yule Fuel recently.  They also offer this cool Whole Hop Infusion contraption.  They put your beer of choice in a french press, allow you to pick your hops to infuse the beer with, and then let you and the french press do the magic of enhancing their beers.  You can let the hops sit for as long as you wish.  For a girl who can't brew beer in her teeny apartment, this is the next best thing.  They offer four different hops to choose from.  It is pretty sweet and you can taste the difference.  It is a fun little experience.I highly recommend Bull & Bush.  I am so happy I moved in down the street.  I totally dig this place.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,12/20/2013,345,277,12,8,12>Man Candy, Pizza, Cider and Wings.  Can you think of a better way to start a Saturday afternoon of restaurant hopping.  I loved that their roof-top patio was covered and had a huge fan.  Made for a relaxing and cooler day.As Dale had previously indicated the draft system was down but the waitress immediately said she would honor that for any bottle beverage we ordered.  Angry Orchard Cider was heading my way!  A much better choice than a sill draft beer anyway.Man Candy - the only thing that would have made this better was if the bacon was a little crisper.  Each piece tasted like it had be lovingly slathered with sweet and spicy goodness.  The Pizza - Fig & Proscuitto.  Yummy.  I'm starting to really love fig on my pizza.  It adds a certain sweet and earthiness to it.  And an added bonus of arugula, a very nice mistake.Wings - Whiskey wings; these had a nice flavor to them.  Not overly whiskey (thank god) and a nice sweetness to them.Our server was very nice and I don't think it really took as long as Dale said.  He just thought it was long - perhaps it was in football seconds not real time seconds.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/19/2013,11,66,,12,4>Wow! 11 reviews, all 5 stars. Now you can make it 12. Perhaps surprisingly, there are a couple of other decent sushi restaurants in the west Lakewood/Golden area, and I didn't expect that Kazoku would particularly distinguish itself from the other 2. I was wrong. It's not that the others aren't good. Rather, it's that Kazoku is great. In every dimension. First, the dining room is lovely, which is a major surprise to those of us that remember this as an old Fazoli's. Lots of dark wood and open beams with the look of a Japanese farm house. Pleasantly on the "dark" side in the evening with just enough light, mainly from dozens of pendant lights - quiet and a lovely ambiance. Service? Impeccable - pleasant, personable, warm and attentive - even the sushi chef checked in with us as to our satisfaction with our orders. The food? Great menu - lots of Japanese dishes and a separate sushi menu. We had sushi - chirashi - this is the best chirashi we've had anywhere. We sat in a booth adjacent to the sushi bar and watched the chef prepare our orders which were nothing short of works of art. Not to mention delicious. The chirashi, like most places, is $18.95, but is much more "generous." It includes at least 6 different fishes, and substantial portions of each - we had at least 8-10 ounces of fish overall, and all were fresh, bright and delicious. And none of that cheesy, serrated green divider paper at Kazoku - fresh mint leaves provide the desired partitions. I don't throw 5 stars around cavalierly. 5 stars, to me, means pretty much perfect in every dimension, and Kazoku is a legitimate 5 stars. I know nothing about the ownership, but I know that they've made an enormous financial commitment in re-purposing a Fazoli's Italian fast food restaurant into the lovely environment they've created. So c'mon, Yelpers, give them a try - I'd really like to see Kazoku around for a good long time.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,12/18/2013,68,257,2,9,7>In my quest to eat all the pho in the world, I uncover yet another gem.   Located in the historic Hoffman Heights neighborhood of Aurora, Pho Duy use to lie on the outskirts of an industrial park off of I-70 and Peoria.  Despite the suspect surroundings of the previous location, Pho Duy never had a problem packing it in.  On a side note, eminent domain kicked in and confiscated the land for the East Light rail line.So the new digs in Hoffman Heights is very nice.  It is a newly renovated restaurant with attentive service and good pho.  I mark them down a point for having not so fresh meat, but all in all a pretty decent pho.  I came early and I'm glad I did because it looks like this place gets a heavy lunch crowd.  Even for an early lunch, people started filling in the seats.  12 down, 999 more to go!TIP point:  This restaurant is nearby the Fitzsimmons Complex for those looking for different restaurants while in that part of town.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,12/17/2013,58,180,3,5,7>One night at Happy Hour (at The Oceanaire), I was served by an interesting bartender named Alex, who apparently also tends bar at The Lobby.  Given that both locations are on Arapahoe, I live on Arapahoe, and Alex's obvious knowledge for food & beverage - I ventured to The Lobby the following Sunday morning to see what it had to offer.  We called ahead for reservations, but The Lobby does not accept reservations on the day of.  I asked if the hostess thought I could get in and she said to hurry. She was right!  We arrived to an empty restaurant and within 15 minutes - it was poppin'!  Something to note here is that The Lobby does seem to have a later brunch crowd... I want to say that we arrived around 11am, and this was the case... Three things to take from this review: - Don't over order.  Portions are huge and heavy. - Tomato Soup is more of a Bisque - and a tasty, creamy, thick bisque at that! - Per some of my past reviews, the ultimate peeve of "bottomless mimosas" is when I have to wait to have my glass refilled... Here?  Nope!  They offer a huge, on-table fountain of OJ-mixed Champagne!  No need to worry your heart away! I can't wait to go back for dinner! And next time, I will sit in the courtyard!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,12/16/2013,453,906,5,6,8>I have only tried two pho places in Colorado so far but this one is my favorite of those two. This was the first place I ate at when I first moved here back in the summer. Coming a city with a LARGE number of VIetnamese people, I was a little pompous about pho and a bit skeptic about the quality of pho in Colorado. But,like Kim Kardashian's marriages, I was wrong. Pho 888 had a great broth (not too strong in anise flavor but not too bland) and had fresh and large vegetables. The servers were friendly and even chatted it up with me. I am not used to having more than a 5 second conversation with waiters at Vietnamese restaurants. They also, to my surprise, serve banh cuon on certain weekends. Their banh cuon and their pho are both equally good. I also tried their watermelon sinh to (smoothie) with rainbow jelly. It was refreshing and reminded me of the watermelon smoothies I used to make when I worked at Q-cup Boba in high school. I will disclose the recipe hereingredients1. watermelon2. splash of simple syrup directions1. blend in a blenderI know. Mind blowing. But anywhoots, I suggest you come get some pho here if you're in the area. Pho is great for 1. breakfast (as it is traditionally a breakfast food in Vietnam)2. hangovers 3. cold days4. any other occasion that was not listed in #1-3
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,12/15/2013,90,221,4,4,7>The Yelp deal here is ridiculous.  If you haven't hit up this fancy little bar downtown yet I would highly recommend getting in there and doing it.  The vibe is definitely a little cut above and is filled with lawyers and convention goers staying at the 4 seasons attached, but once you bust out that trusty Yelp deal any pretentiousness for me washed away and I enjoyed the heck out of it.  They have a large TV in the back of the bar to watch your favorite games, the patio is nice with some great people watching and the proximity to the performance arts theatres is perfect to grab a quick drink and head on over.  The price of drinks may be on the high side, but happy hour is a great time because they have half price apps and cheaper drinks.  Along with the Yelp check in deal this is a definite stop that needs to be made!  I haven't gone for dinner here, but I hear it's delicious so I will be back and I recommend the same for you!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/14/2013,188,261,1,7,6>Still getting started, but yummo these beers are tasty!They just opened, but are rocking it so far! It is a great large space and they serve food and booze too!! They have a bloody mary bar in the mornings as far as I can tell. We checked it out last Saturday afternoon and it was delightful!They had three of their own brews available and a plethora of other local brews on tap (Dry Dock, Elk Mountain, Renegade). As soon as they crank up their production, you better believe I am getting a growler or two! The samples were $2 each and all three were super delish! They had the Demon Seed IPA, which was good but I am not a huge hopper, an American Ale called Black Light that was very popular and my personal favorite Petal to the Metal! It had rose hips and hibiscus and was a-freaking-mazing!I feel I might be finding myself in that area of town more often! Rock on!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/13/2013,297,159,10,11,13>So F$&@ing Cute!!!!   The title of this review is what I was saying when I first saw this farmers market and I could not stop saying it while i was walking around! Lol! This is a family friendly event and I don't normally swear but this place is so f$&@ing CUTE!!! ;D    This is not the biggest farmers market, but it makes up for it with it's charm. It has that small town, country feel! Am I in Kansas ToTo?! LOL! Located on Old South Pearl Street the shops and restaurants are open for business while the market is happening. There are a wide range of items to shop: Food trucks, organic produce, cosmetics, apparel, and baked goods. There was even a steel drum band!!!! How random! Also I love how dog friendly this event is! Next time we are going to bring our dog so she can enjoy the market too :)    We ended up picking up from The Green Giraffe a doubled iced coffee and a Leanergizer (a drink with lemon, wheatgrass, spinach, kale, and green apple). A great place to pick up a refreshment or you could go to the Pajama Baking Company also (a cafe at the beginning of the market). There are many places to pick up fresh organic fruits and veggies here! And so cheap compared to my home of Hawaii!!! We got a bag of apples for $6!! However, our fave item was a strawberry rhubarb tart from one of those cute baked goods tents! We are definitely going back this coming Sunday to pick up more things!!! See you guys there :D***Also***-parking is easy to find on adjacent streets-bring cash, of course, since it is a farmers market-bring a reusable bag for all your goodies!!! ;)-And also try not to create a scene with all your swearing like I did! Lol. Couldn't help it! I was excited! :D
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,12/12/2013,152,625,3,9,5>#618 I am seriously in love with this place. I've been here at least a dozen times in the past ten months and I still can't get enough. Their baked brie is to die for, with plenty of roasted garlic and apple slices to go with. I'm also a huge fan of their salmon. It's simple, elegant, and cooked perfectly each time. Their french onion soup falls a little flat for me, but it is still better than any other that I've had in Denver. Oh, and I can't forget about the chocolate cake! So creamy and delicious with every bite. Of course their main attraction is the wine. I've sampled most of the reds and have officially decided that the Malbec is for me. If you're not particularly adept at ordering wine, the servers are thorough and know exactly what they're talking about. None of my friends have been disappointed with their recommendations to date! Honestly, I love my friends that much more because they're willing to indulge with me at The Village Cork. Plus, FYI, great first date location.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,12/11/2013,105,388,5,6,5>Oh crimony. I was SO full.I played hooky from work today and pretended to be a lady who lunches. We were immediately seated by the host.My friend and I shared the brie with garlic, tomatoes, and basil to start. The cheese was gooey, the garlic roasted, and the croutons toasted to a lovely crisp. Fresh tomatoes and basil too. We ate it ALL up.Second course was a cup of french onion soup. Meh. I've had better at panera. Broth wasn't very complex or flavorful.We shared a main course: the panini aux legumes. MMMM. Goat cheese, eggplant, bell peppers. served with some french fries (excuse me, POMME FRITES), and a small salad. YUM YUM YUM.I was in a carb coma for several hours after. Service was fair (helpful but I had to ask for water refills). Price? CHEAP. Total bill was under $26.I'll be back to try the moules frites!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,12/10/2013,197,231,5,4,4>As of this writing, I'm the Duke of Neighbors...  I can't explain how happy that makes me for a variety of reasons including my sad sad pride, my late entry to the iPhone game, etc.  Whatever.  I just had to put this in writing before it vanished.  ANYWAY - Neighbors is a great little wine bar.  They have a  very helpful staff that will recommend stuff for you and listen to you as you demonstrate your wine knowledge through explanation of what you like and want (see - myself).  As my wife, the Ladyhawk, mentions in her review, they have no problem with our baby (or shall I say toddler) and that's totally awesome when we want small plates in the early Ephraim-friendly evenings.As for the wines, I'm no connoisseur, but they currently have a KILLER viognier on the by-the-glass menu that I could drink till the cows come home.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,12/9/2013,336,514,4,5,6>Looking for a super cute trendy neighborhood coffee shop?THIS IS YOUR PLACE!Looking for a unique crowd, long tables and a relaxing atmosphere?THIS IS YOUR PLACE!Looking for a delicious cup of coffee, yummy tea or a bite to eat?THIS IS YOUR PLACE!Need grounds for your growing garden?THIS IS YOUR PLACE!After meeting with a potential employer here, I found myself absolutely in love with all this little cafe had to offer!I will most def be returning!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,12/8/2013,186,551,16,6,7>So here's how dumb I am.  We had a wonderful DTC lunch excursion to this place which I was crazy excited for because I love me some Thai food!  It turns out that this is not a Thai place!  Crap.  It also turns out that not all restaurants with the word Basil in them are Thai.  Finally, I've come to the conclusion that Basil is used in a number of foods outside of Thailand and restaurants catering to those wishing to eat delicious Thai food.Now that I've admitted my stupidity, I'd like to take the time to offer up my thoughts on Live Basil.  It's another "Chipotle" of pizza but instead of getting a flour tortilla and having to get black or pinto beans on your pizza, you can pick from a number of high quality ingredients.  You can also take the staff recommendations for a number of signature pies.  I decided on Rick's Favorite.  I don't know who this Rick guy is, but I've favoriited him.  He has good taste buds.  I keep wanting to call him Mike, but that's my own character defect.  Anyway, there's bacon on this pizza which was selling point number 1.  There's also a number of other things such as "red sauce," "Italian cheese blend," mozz, red onions, and of course...basil!  It's ready quick fast in a hurry, flavor vision ain't blurry. (sorry for the Public Enemy quote, not really OK?)  The individual pizza is perfectly portion for one sitting.  A friend go the salad and that was huge and he said delicious.  I also tried a couple other slices like the BBQ Natural Chicken...no me gusta.  The BBQ sauce was too sweet for my particular taste buds, this is why I'm facebook friends with Mike, er Rick: our taste buds align.  Anyways, great service, good food and reasonably priced.  Extra points for the soda.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,12/7/2013,306,629,1,9,8>Almost a year after my last review, we have never had a meal here that was less than great.  More things I love about this place:--Servers are always very friendly and helpful.--The sushi chefs are friendly, funny and amazing to watch-- sit at the bar if you get a chance.--$1 sushi.  If you order anything else, many single pieces of sushi are only one dollar.--Reasonably priced combos.  When I'm not feeling decisive, the Sushi Dinner Combo is excellent-- it comes with soup, salad, a California roll (which they're typically willing to substitute for something else if I feel like it) and 8 assorted pieces of sushi, always including salmon and tuna.--Cooked food: we've brought non-sushi eaters here a few times, and I can vouch for the teriyaki chicken, gyoza, and tempura appetizer.  Apparently the calamari steak and lunch Kobe bowl are great as well.--Spicy salmon hand roll: maybe not that creative or interesting, but this is my newest discovery and I'd recommend it.--The poke roll.  If it's not officially a special, ask about it.  One of my very favorite things.--Fire engine roll: another off-menu item-- I'm drawing a blank on what's in it, but I know it involves lots of fish and avocado and is competing with the poke roll for my favorite thing.--Spicy orange roll (on the appetizer menu): not authentic, but fried spicy yellowtail with orange sauce and jalapeno is pretty awesome.--The sushi boat is a steal at $48, and  amazing in both quantity and quantity.  Plus, they don't skimp with the chef's choice rolls-- our boat came with lobster tempura and the spicy orange.We came for a celebration once and my husband just asked the chef to surprise him-- I don't remember what all we ended up with (a lot of it was off-menu), but the whole meal was incredible.Obviously my adoration of Land of Sushi knows no bounds.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,12/6/2013,154,335,7,11,9>Eating out is like dating. You eat at a great place and as soon as you leave you are already planning your next visit. You eat at an OK place and you add it to your list of maybes but you know you'll never call. You eat at a terrible place and your torn between telling your friends so they never experience the same or eating a gallon of ice cream the next day to purge your memory and taste buds.I left the Wooden Table already planning what my next meal would be. Its a bit of a drive from home but worth every gasoline tinged mile.Service: To start  with our service was excellent. we were seated quickly and while the restaurant was full for a Monday night the dishes came out consistently and quickly.Atmosphere: A little loud but lively. The have a smaller dining room that is well decorated to feel both like a hip downtown restaurant and a local neighborhood eatery. I'm not sure how they manage it but they do.Food: This was incredible. stating with an appetizer of their ricotta ravioli dressed with fresh herb and served with heirloom cherry tomatoes to their chocolate frangellico cheesecake I loved every step but the highlights were the entrees. The scallops were divine. Cooked to the right amount of custardy perfection and served on a tender yet crisp shrimp cake. The lobster almost made me say a few choice words that would make my momma slap me silly. It was tender, delicious cooked to perfection. It was served on more of their homemade pasta with a sweet rich sauce almost reminiscent of the islands.Price: Pricey but you get what you pay for. Before the discount I had from groupon a meal for 2 with 2 nonalcoholic drinks, 2 entrees, 2 appetizers and one dessert was $100. But I think it was worth every penny.Overall: I would return here in an instant. In fact I plan to return here and try out more of their pasta.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,12/5/2013,227,426,,11,4>Pretty awesome location for coffee. I had been eyeing Thump Coffee for a few months, curious as to what's unique about the place.Well, they have now opened (soft launcg, I believe): no hours posted yet, nor any big menu to look at. That's ok; I got my bearings quickly.Thump Coffee is a roastery coffee shop out of Bend, Oregon. Love that they decided their first out-of-state location is in Denver, on the corner of 13th Ave/Downing.Walk inside, and immediately you feel the spaciousness of the place: seating capacity is 47, but there are long tables for communal conversations; a high ceiling for more airiness; and the back area is reserved for their roastery (soon to be installed).Now, to the food/drink offerings: in terms of food, looks like so far it's pastries. Not sure if there will be sandwiches/cafe food. The coffee is delicious though: definitely try a coffee from their Steampunk Machine. The barista said "It's so nerdy, but it works!"Thump also offers teas from a brand; couldn't catch the full name, but the word starts with an M. The neighbors already love the place: saw a man walk in with his own coffee mug wanting coffee to go. He said he lived across the street & worked from home: Thump is convenient for the man.I can see the place being a great spot for meetings, working, or plain mingling. Nice location! Congrats, Thump.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,12/4/2013,49,72,6,8,4>I'm new to town. Well, really I'm new to state. Since high school (I mean, since I've been of legal age to drink) I have lived in wine-friendly California, liquor-loving Washington DC, and now beer-guzzling Colorado. I love beer. I really do. When a fine sour is sitting in my fridge, the thought of enjoying it makes my day worth living. However, I do start to feel homesick for a good cocktail from time to time. Bitter Bar shakes up the best cocktails I've had in Boulder.Bitter Bar has a number of excellent selections like their line of tea-inspired Old Fashioneds, which uses a tea based syrups and selected bitters. Delicious. The most inventive drink I've tried was the Violet Haze. It starts out with gin, cucumber and mint (the start of my usual party cocktail), and then they add creme de violette, lavender, egg white, lime, and orange bitters. Masterpiece.Bitter Bar also has a superb kitchen. They make a variety of small plates as well as entree size options. I've never sampled anything off the entrees but they certainly looked nice. Their pate and mackarel rillettes were delicious, and I never had anything I wouldn't order again. They have a weekday happy hour with $5-$6 drinks and appetizers.My only real complaint are the prices. Happy hour specials are good, but then I look longingly at the regular menu ($11-$14 cocktails), and wonder what could have been. This isn't really a complaint about Bitter Bar though as much as it is a complaint about my current budget situation. The drinks are well worth it.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,12/3/2013,58,452,7,12,7>We had a fun time here and it is definitely something different. We mainly came here for the tea in their "Oaks and Berries" room but admission to the museum was included so we poked around beforehand. One can easily explore it in an hour. There is also a gift shop for the miniature collector! (which I am not). There are (as one would expect) many miniatures here along with some cool toys from different eras. The one thing that freaked me out was an old doll house from Germany - maybe 1800's or earlier - it was creep-tastic, very dark and made me shiver! It was in a case so I think it will be OK-ha.We headed to the tea room which is located on the first floor and consists of 2 tables with 4 chairs each. There is assorted mismatched china which adds to the charm. We were warmly greeted by Roxanne who prepares everything for you. We chose our teas (Earl and Lady Grey) and we soon had perfectly brewed tea served with sugar cubes and milk. Beware the tea is vigorously poured for you so there may be a little splashing. We were served some delicious tiny bites first - cucumber with dill and cream cheese, something similar to a curried turkey and heirloom tomatoes with olive oil and sea salt - delicious and oh so fresh. We were offered and accepted seconds on the sandwiches and could have easily gone for thirds! Next up were light as air vanilla scones served with clotted cream and jam - perfect! We were again offered seconds but decided to pass as we still had pots of tea and dessert to enjoy. My fave of the desserts were the lightly iced cookies - there were 2 other rich, chocolate desserts that we took bites of - we were so stuffed we could literally not eat another bite. The tea room has lots of dolls in it so if that is not your "cup of tea" (groan) you may not want to go there but you will then miss out on Roxanne's delicious, lovingly prepared bites.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,12/2/2013,204,522,2,8,8>For what it is, it's as good as it gets, so five stars!This second location of the Denver Biscuit Co. is now open on South Broadway, and I'm a happy girl.  I recently discovered the Denver Biscuit Co. on Colfax and am already addicted.  At this location, I tried the pulled pork sandwich.  It was awesome.  It goes without saying that the biscuit was great, but everything else on the sandwich was really great too.  The pulled pork was superb, the bbq sauce was just the right amount spicy, and the coleslaw, pickles and fried onions were all excellent as well.They did a nice job with the space.  It's modern and fun.  The service was terrific.I'll be back very soon to try more things on the delicious sounding menu.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,12/1/2013,175,855,4,8,5>I really liked this place.  I think it is a toss up on taste, for me, between Lee and Saigon across Arapahoe.  I will say this place has a little more atmosphere than that other Pho.  It is a small space, but has TVs, table clothes and lots of smiling faces on the staff.  I had the rare steak pho.  I found the broth well balanced and tasty. The meat was plentiful.  Plus there was just the right amount of onions.  They also have lots of other asian dishes on the menu if you aren't in the mood for pho (pad thai, beef/broccoli, so on).  So that is nice if you want to change it up. Plus I think this is the only pho place to ask if you want something other than water. I didn't, but thanks for asking :) I would go back.  It was a good stop.  Lots of good pho on this stretch of Arapahoe!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,11/30/2013,226,414,5,7,4>Believe the hype people. Highland Tavern is delicious!The 'hood is a bit shady but maybe that keeps the snobs away. We don't judge; we just like good food.I had the burger with brie, mushrooms, grilled onions, and truffle oil. I thought the truffle oil might be a bit much but it absolutely was not. Cooked to a perfect medium rare, the kitchen knows what it is doing. I even had a side salad because I felt guilty about all of the face stuffing I did over the weekend and it was so fresh! No iceberg crappy lettuce here. Plus all of the dressings are homemade.Hubs felt less guilty and ordered the Bombshell- which is exactly how it sounds. Pastrami with an egg- oh lordy it was amazing. He upgraded to the tots and yes, those bad boys are a must do for sure. It is diner food as an art form and I can't wait to see what other tasty delights the people at Highland Tavern dish out.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,11/29/2013,462,98,5,6,5>I still crack up over the name of the restaurant. If you don't know what "pinche" means, use caution using it around people who know Spanish. If you do, you'll have a pinche good meal at this taqueria.Lunch there Thursday and dinner Friday which included cocktails. Seriously, the tacos here are off the charts good. Great flavors, super fresh ingredients, and expertly prepared to perfection. Friday night I had the pork belly "agridulce" taco (a must have), the carnitas taco, and the queso a la plancha taco for dinner. All were delicious and I was surprised how much I enjoyed the queso taco and the tomatillo salsa on top of it was perfectly seasoned.Cocktail wise I had the Older Fashioned with Templeton Rye (you can also go with tequila) and found it to be far too sweet for my liking and it completely missed the mark on the citrus flavor hint it was supposed to have from the grapefruit peel. At ten bucks for the Older Fashioned it was also a very short pour. However, the house coin margarita (no salt for me) is bright, flavorful, you can taste the tequila without being blown away, and it has just a little bit of fizz to it and a steal at five bucks. I'd have the marg next time I hit Pinche.A quick heads up that the kitchen closes at 10pm (I got there around 9:20) so if you want late night eats this isn't the place. The staff was friendly and attentive and working their tails off. I can't wait to go back here again!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,11/28/2013,245,483,4,6,7>Top Pho is gunning to be the best pho in the metro area, but they aren't quite there.  They are pretty good, though.  Expect an outrageously friendly greeting from the owner/manager and a modest room filled with folk slurping on some hefty noodle bowls.  I've tried a few things here, but the item that stands out the most is their spicy beef appetizer that they give to every customer...for free.  Let me repeat that - they give their best dish to every customer.  FOR FREE!  GRATIS!  Yeah...I like that price.  I also like a good bowl of pho.  Besides being the closest pho peddler to my house, they happen to make a bowl that is at least two notches above your average, run-of-the-mill pho restaurant that just opened in another depressing Denver strip mall.  This bowl comes crisp with a balanced flavors and plenty of fillings to make for enjoyable slurping.  Veggies are fresh and plentiful also.  They do all the other things that other pho restaurants do - like noodle bowls and rice plates, but I think the pho wins here - and the free spicy beef.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,11/27/2013,267,467,8,10,8>I really question the veracity of many of the harsh reviews here because, as you all know by now, I'm picky, picky and I thought this place was just dandy for a little Italian place on the main drag in old town Brighton.  I am a big city boy and I was humming the theme to Green Acres all the way but it wasn't bad at all.  Cute goat farm on the way up with baby goats - ah.Friend of mine just bought a house out near Barr Lake and bribed us to come visit with a promise to buy dinner.  Ended up driving another half hour to find this place but we were pretty surprised (lower expectations in the boondocks perhaps).Pros:- Clean and pretty place - lots of parking.  Friendly greeting by a staff of healthy looking country girls.  Not a skinny jeaned, greasy haired, tattooed, pierced, surly hipster waitress in sight.  Refreshing!  Service throughout was terrific.- Simple basic American Italian menu (entrees around $12-$14 and includes a salad.)  Also, a roster of sandwiches, pizzas and flatbreads.  Good bang for the $$.- Full bar and serviceable wine list - I think the most expensive bottle was $30.- Salads are pretty basic but fresh and accompanied by warm tasty fresh bread sticks.  You can upgrade to Caesar or Antipasto salads for a buck or two.- Food was as good or better than we expected. I had manicotti (spinach and ricotta filled) with a rather thick red sauce and sauteed Italian sausage) - $13.95  Their red sauce is a little heavy on the tomato paste for me.  Other dishes sampled were a classic spaghetti carbonara and the asiago, grilled onion and spicy sausage ravioli in a tomato cream sauce.  I was out ordered because both were better than mine.- Dessert was actually the star of the show.  All made in house and excellent.  The real standout was the Kentucky Bourbon Pie - ooh baby.  Absolutely save room.Cons:- It's probably an hour drive or more depending on traffic from downtown Denver so unless I'm out that way again (unlikely) it won't be a frequent destination.- Crowd skewed older/country/suburban (OK for us but if you're looking for a lively scene this ain't it).  Sound track was  mid-century crooners (Ella, Frank, Dean, etc.)- I'm quite sure they don't make any of their pasta from scratch but I wouldn't expect that they would.  And, frankly, unless you really know what you are doing, good dry pasta is probably better than fresh 90% of the time.- Parm is powdered in jar - ick.So, if you ever happen to find yourself out there, God help you - at least you know that you won't starve to death.  Maybe just a solid 3-3.5 stars in Denver (although we've discussed the dearth of even mediocre red sauce joints here before) but for where it is and what it is I'm cool with 4 stars.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,11/26/2013,118,271,,8,5>Happy hour from 2:30pm-6pm.  Okinawa is a nice modern clean restaurant with super nice and friendly staff.  The Tennyson location is comparable to the Colfax location and as always the food is fresh and delicious. I've had good sushi rolls at Okinawa before but my party was not too impressed with the Godzilla roll or Okinawa roll. We could have done without the rolls and instead should have ordered more delicious sashimi.  From the happy hour menu the lobster role is amazing in addition to the salmon and white tuna sashimi.  Each sashimi piece was consistently cut and served perfectly, portioned just right and super delicious.  It's always good to know a neighborhood favorite is now so close by. I'll be frequenting Okinawa more often from now on. Parking can be a pain but oh so worth it.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,11/25/2013,80,136,1,9,5>Lobster, haricot vert,  grasshoppers - happy birthday to me!Four of us celebrating - prime rib, cioppino, more prime rib and lobster.Add some french onion soup for starters - some excellent bread and top it off with 4 grasshoppers - those delicious, green ice cream drinks I've held off on ordering lobster for years because not everyone knows how to handle them - these guys do.  6 oz or 12 oz - I went with 6 oz - left me wanting a tish more but not 12 oz so it was perfect!Everyone else enjoyed theirs to the max and considering all we had, it didn't nick away at the wallet.Excellent, friendly service - primo atmosphere.  Hideaway - don't go away!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/24/2013,131,258,3,5,5>I can't believe it has taken me this long to come to this place.  It might just be my new favorite place in Denver...and that's a big statement!I was brought here on a date, as a surprise.  I had no idea where I was going and wasn't sure what to expect.  The minute I walked in I fell in love.  There are Aspen trees "growing" throughout the entire restaurant, there are no tables in the middle of the restaurant, they are all along walls in sort of a wave like fashion where each table has a curvy booth with log like cushions (they just look like logs to carry the theme...they are super comfy) where you get to sit NEXT to your date instead of across from them (love).  You look up and there are lanterns hanging in a scattered fashion throughout the ceiling along with what can only be described as upside down hanging wood bridges.  There are also a couple of old furnaces...it all just adds up to make you feel like they built this restaurant in the middle of nowhere and around the existing trees.  It's FANTASTIC!!!!  So romantic and amazing.The food and wine was FANTASTIC.  We got the Crawfish Beignets (highly recommend...spicy deliciousness!!) and the Daily Restorative which was a carrot soup (also delicious).  For entrees we had the Bison and the Fish Monger's friend.  The Bison was perfectly cooked and the greens were a perfect combination of crunch and flavor.  The fish meal was phenomenal.  The skin on the fish was so freaking good...I couldn't get enough of it.  The sweet corn Johnny cakes seemed a tad bit bland to me but that didn't seem to matter.  For desert we got the Black Velvet Cake.  HOLY MOTHER OF G--.  Heaven on a plate.  Pure and simple.  I think I had dreams about this desert.  WOW.  MUST TRY IT if you even remotely love chocolate.  To cap things off we tried the Kentuckian in Paris coffee.  Wow that was strong!  And I don't mean the espresso :-).  For wines, we were able to sample several whites and reds and ended up going with PARÉS BALTÀ "BLANC DE PACS" as our favorite white and then had the VENTANA VINEYARDS Pinot with dinner.  When you order a glass or a half glass, they pour it into a wine glass but the rest of your wine comes in a little carafe with a custom label telling you what you are drinking.  When they take that away they leave the label at the table so that you can take it home and remember what you drank!  Brilliant!!  Also, we corked our red wine and they packed it in a giant burlap sack.  Seriously...who thought of this stuff?!  LOVE!!!!!The service was a bit up and down and I almost docked a star...but honestly, I just couldn't do it.  It was 80% perfect.  All the waiters even get out of your way as you head to the bathroom (don't you just hate it when they make you feel like you are in their way?).  My only complaint was that our waiter seemed to be a bit slow to get back to our table during the second half of our 3 hour meal.  For example, our entrees came out and all we had on the table was water when we had informed our waiter we'd be ordering red wine (after we finished having our glasses of white wine).  Since he didn't deliver the food, we waited for him to come back.  I finally had to track down another waiter and ask him to find out waiter for us.  Not happy as I sat there for 5 min waiting to get the wine poured so I could have it with my dinner.  Oh well...I'm certain this was exception to what I hope to be fantastic service next time we go.  Note to wait staff: if people are drinking wine and they tell you they are ordering more wine...they want it with their dinner :-).  Can't wait to return.  What an amazing evening.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/23/2013,53,127,2,9,10>In a more industrial part of Boulder right near the train tracks lies one of Boulder's newest breweries and it is worth the trip. With a very friendly staff, and a great diverse beer selection this is a place worth going. The tap room is spacious and beers very good, especially the White IPA. They also had a Black IPA, Saison, and English Mild. Very inviting environment, and great beers. Off the beaten path, but worth going to, a hidden gem in the Boulder scene.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,11/22/2013,2089,519,11,10,11>Head over to HoverSometimes I just stop by to grab myself some booze to unwind. This place is pretty awesome. The selection is large but not out of control huge. The establishment itself is roomy with tons of great wines and such but I've come in numerous times for certain alcoholic beverages and concoctions to find that they do not carry them. For example, they only carry the regular Hpnotiq, no Wet Willie jello shots, and no Frangelico liqueur. I often wonder what you Colorado people use to make chocolate cake/birthday cake shots when you don't have Frangelico sold in the area?? I guess I've been spoiled with the great party selections back home in Cali.  Anyway, I still happen to like this place since the space is clean, prices are comparable, and they have a rewards program. No complaints so far. Every staff member I've encountered was cordial and friendly. I do get the occasional snooty attitude or less then enthusiastic employee but I don't care. I'm in and out so fast that I can careless how their days going because I'm about to turn up ;) Overall, their good in my book! Four stars sums them up quite well.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,11/21/2013,163,177,,6,7>Lately, I've had this persistent hankering for Greek food, so I whipped out my trusty YELP app and found that 3 of my YELP friends recommended Yianni's.  Well, as usual, my friends were right.  This place was awesome!  The dining room is open, bright and very clean.  The staff (family?) were super-friendly and accommodating.  And the chicken souvlaki pita sandwich was perfectly seasoned, tender and juicy!  OMG... it's exactly what I wanted and more!   Oh, and I should mention, it was only $6.95, including fries (or salad or onion rings)!  SCORE!!!  I'll be back every time I'm craving a little flavor of the Greek Isles...
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,11/20/2013,44,25,12,17,10>HOW TO EAT AT LAO WANG (for the uninitiated or intimidated):- this place is very, very authentic. do not expect niceties / thank yous / detailed explanations of anything. that's the way it is in china, and that's the way it is here.- order the potstickers, the xiao long bao and the custom-brewed beer. you can fuss around with the other stuff... but these items are really where it's at. trust.- two people? two beers (well, just to begin obviously), two orders of xiao long bao, one order (maybe two if you're starving) of potstickers. scale accordingly. mrs. wang will not be pleased if you sit down and order one steamer of XLB for six people and nothing else.- get in, sit down, figure out what you want. mrs. wang will literally walk away from you if you've spent the first fifteen minutes doing anything other than figuring out what to eat.- how to eat xiao long bao: first, blend a bunch of chili paste with vinegar and/or soy. then grab a bao with your chopsticks, dunk it in the chili goo, and plop it into your soup spoon. bite a hole in the side, suck the soup out noisily and then pop the rest of the little heavenly morsel into your mouth. caution: they are like little balls of napalm when freshly off the steamer. wait a bit.- it's worth every minute of the wait, if there is one. it's hard to park sometimes, but again, totally worth it. it's tiny and lacking in ambiance, but who cares. go, eat, sleep.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,11/19/2013,113,155,,9,4>When I went to college at UCLA, Korean BBQ was one of my favorite treats.  But since living in LA, it's been hard to find Korean food of the same caliber.That's why I was so pleased to find Dae Gee.  While I love Korean food, I'm no expert, by any stretch of the imagination, and the service here has been exceptional every time.  Every time I have a question or need a recommendation, they are happy to help and explain things without making you feel like an idiot.  They also keep the drinks and side dishes filled, and are just downright friendly.I've been here three times and only had BBQ each time, so I can't speak for the other items on he menu, but the beef brisket and beef bulgogi are fantastic. The side dishes are delicious, especially the little salad that comes with the meat.Another plus for people with kids: they never seem to mind when we bring our huge stroller or rambunctious baby with us.  The experience and service far surpass any other Korean restaurants I've been to in the Denver area, and the food is great, so I've got to give them five stars.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/18/2013,221,525,3,8,6>My first visit to TAG was for an anniversary dinner, and after recent bad experiences at Old Major and Fruition, I was nervous that Denver's expensive restaurant scene might "pee in my date night cheerios" once again.   Thankfully, TAG was one of the best dining experiences that I've had. They allowed us to choose our own adventure, and the staff wasn't rushed, pushy, or absentee at any moment throughout the experience. We wanted to spend 2 hours dining over drinks and a relay of small plates, and some restaurants present a regiment that you need to follow, that you have to follow, or else!   Not here. TAG is the old school service that we cherish, regardless of whether it is an expensive date place or a greasy spoon for late night.   We've all been there...after midnight, in a 24/7 diner and ordered one waffle, one egg over easy, with a piece of bacon in the middle, and one pancake...oh can the cook make the pancake in the Mickey Mouse shape?   He Can?!?! That is awesome.  I'm in heaven. Alas, not every place is like that anymore...but TAG is. Our waiter, Chad, was absolutely top notch. We ordered one drink at a time and one small plate at a time, with a total of 7 small courses, and he made us feel like the table was ours all night if we wanted it.   As far as the food itself, everything was amazing, but the pop rock Hamachi and the Kobe Beef Sliders with Duck Fat Fries stick out.  The wine list looked sufficient, in that "err on selectivity instead of volume of choices" kind of way.  However, we stuck to cocktails, and I was happy to see multiple St. Germain offerings, of which I chose a few.    Of Denver's $50+ per person options, TAG is my new favorite. *Good for Groups if you get the downstairs room reserved.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/17/2013,248,189,,9,5>This is my go-to place in LoDo for delicious food, beer and a relaxed atmosphere, especially if I have out-of-town friends visiting. It's pretty much a must-try if you're a foodie. FOODThe wonderful Jorel Pierce is the chef here, and his food is delicious, creative, and very much representative of modern Denver. Some must-tries include:+ Chips and Dip (pretty much everyone's favorite): lemon goat cheese dip, oolong tea smoked duck breast, duck confit, Kennebec potato chips.+ Pad Thai Pig Ears (cause where else are you going to have this crunchy deliciousness): tamarind chili sauce, scallion, peanut, egg, sprouts.+ Bruléed Center Cut Beef Marrow Bones: espagnole, sherry gastrique, toast+ Chicken and Waffles (definitely elevated from how you're used to having them): crispy chicken mousseline and confit "nuggets", sourdough waffle, black pepper Béchamel, maple gastrique.+ Steamed PEI Mussels (some of my favorite mussels in Denver): New Belgium Trippel ale, grilled bread, garlic, shallots, basil, thyme.+ Leberkäse sausage (yes, you can order 4 different sausages just on their own): a Bavarian classic sausage, cow and pig, silky smooth.HAPPY HOUR ("Study Hall")- Daily 3pm-6pm- $3 select beer, house wine, wellsBEERThere's a huge beer selection here, so that you can try all the local (and non-local) favorites. Just start at the top and move your way down ;)
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/16/2013,76,233,2,7,9>Don't know what to love about latkes? Then you'd better hurry here. Growing up in a Polish family, latkes hold a special place in my heart...just don't tell my grandmother that these ones are better. I got "The Cornwall" - 3 perfectly crisp latkes loaded with delicious corned beef hash, a fried egg, and topped with another latke! All of the dishes have a cheeky names with the same basic formula of 3 latkes on the bottom, the filling, and one latke on top! Can't wait to get back to try all of the other varieties!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,11/15/2013,174,249,1,14,13>I have been a regular attendee in the Underground's classes for about two months now and can report that this modality and space is EXACTLY what Denver needed! Coming from a fitness background and from teaching group fitness classes myself, I have never been one to take classes, HOWEVER, the Underground has been a blessing to rebuilding motivation and keeping myself accountable at a time when my motivation was lacking.Housed in the basement of the ever-so-great Pura Vida is a newer Olympic Lifting/Crossfit space that is sure to give you a fantastic workout (or several)! There are several different instructors who teach a wide-variety of small group training style classes - around 30/week - in just about every fitness modality one could ask for!I have been regularly participating in mostly Strength classes, which focuses primarily on the Glycolytic Energy Systems. In laymen's terms, this class involves exercise sets that last between six to eight reps and last more than a few seconds, but no more than a couple minutes! You are then given an ample amount of time to recover and then it's right back at it! The format of the Strength classes are right on par with my previous fitness regimen and personal goals, so it has been very easy to jump right in and excel in these classes.I have also regularly taken the Underground's Power class, which is another favorite of mine. The Power class that I regularly do is excellent for building strength and "power" as it primarily focuses on the utilization of the ATP/PC System - or exercises that are performed within a very short amount of time before getting truly aerobic. We do a lot of powerlifting in this class, which is again right up my alley for what I enjoy in a workout! The Underground also offers a bunch of specialty classes that I have benefitted from taking to expand my personal skill-set and to just offer a nice variety in my everyday routine. My personal favorites include Strength Gymnastics, as well as Olympic Lifting. While gymnastics is extremely challenging at times, I like to be pushed and am the type of person to work at something until I get it perfect. Gymnastics offers both of these to me with a personal instruction that is second-to-none at embettering my tumbling and my ring skills. Olympic Lifting is also another primo class IMO that offers exactly what the name suggests - all Olympic Lifting. It was in "O-Lifting" that I have learned to perfect my Clean & Jerks, as well as clean up the form in my Snaches and several other olympic lifts.I appreciate all of the trainer's different backgrounds, which plays out and influences their training styles and formats of the classes that are offered at the Underground! If you are looking for a change in your fitness routine or maybe looking for some new exercises to do, definitely check out the Underground! I hate revealing this new hidden gem in the Denver's fitness scene as I want to keep all of its awesomeness to myself, but I think with more love and local support it will only keep getting better!OH! And you don't have to be a member of Pura Vida to enjoy this space (while being a member does give you a discount and the ability to enjoy the rest of the gym's floors!)
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/14/2013,40,74,,9,8>Run, don't walk to Acorn. It won't be too long before word spreads of this place and it will take weeks to get a reservation. No exaggeration.This place is a FANTASTIC addition to the Denver dining scene. I went here last night with some friends and thought that since it was so new it would have a few kinks to work out but honestly, the restaurant seemed like it had been open awhile and was running like a well oiled machine. The food was top notch and the service was great.Because I went with a few friends and this is a mostly tapas style restaurant we were able to try a good portion of the menu. We enjoyed everything that came out but a few of the standouts were the Scallops, the short ribs, the shrimp n grits, the Iberico ham on the potato cake,  and the beets salad. All the flavors in those dishes were excellent. The cheese used in the beets salad was fluffy, light yet creamy and went perfectly with the beets. The shrimp in grits were great, with the grits prepared perfectly and just a taste of spiciness because of the tabasco that was used. The scallops were melt in your mouth. Seared perfectly and just delicious especially with the corn pudding they were served over.Also, we tried all the desserts on the menu but in my opinion the best one was the S'mores , which is basically an upscale ice cream sandwich. The marshmallow ice cream is sourced from a place called Alchemy in Boulder and was sweet but still light.Our server was attentive and clearly had been well versed in the menu. She was able to answer any questions we had, accurately describe the dishes, tell us about the history of the building, etc etc. TOP NOTCH.  The restaurant goes above and beyond to take care of patrons. As an example our drinks that we ordered at the beginning of the meal arrived slightly slower than expected but nothing we complained about. At the end of the meal they gave us a complimentary digestivo to take care of us and thank us for coming in. That's what I call going above and beyond.Will (obviously) be back!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,11/13/2013,560,980,5,19,12>Set your time machine for the late 70s!  By that, I mean the 1970s, and not the average age of the customers you might encounter here.  Okay, I am exaggerating, but for a restaurant in Aurora, the drinkers and diners seem to be skewing older, whiter, and richer than one might expect.  Perhaps the nearby golf course is exercising an undue influence over the facilities.  That said, you really need to check this place out.  It is a dimly lit cavern of dark woods and heavy furniture.  The customers here all seemed to be having a good time, and I soon did as well. A friend of ours was kind enough to organize a happy hour adventure to The Summit.  I was a bit skeptical before I arrived, more troubled after I walked in, and was prepared to be disappointed.  Fortunately, I was very much mistaken in my negative anticipation.  My doubts burned away like a light morning mist under the blazing sun, as soon as I ordered my first drink.  For, you see, drinks during HH are 1/2 price.  I don't mean SOME drinks are half off (like lite beer and well drinks), I mean the whole liquor menu (as far as I could tell) was 50%.  This means that a glass of single malt Scotch, that might normally cost $24, is now only $12.  Indeed, I was almost giddy as I ordered a 15 year old Macallan for a mere $6.50.  Damn . . . it was a nice pour into a small snifter, and it was so very smooth.  Other drinks were similarly on sale, and our table soon went into a frenzy of bargain boozing.  Appetizer prices during HH are okay, but not great.  You get $3 off of the regular price, which is still not that cheap.  I was not impressed with calamari I had.  It was well-cooked, but rather cold by the time it hit the table.  Although steak sounded good, I was in more of a burger mood.  I went with one of the steakburgers (ground fresh from their steak trimmings).  These are served with a choice of steak fries, shoestring fries, fruit, or cottage cheese.  I wisely chose the excellent steak fries.  My Portabella Mushroom steakburger was outstanding!  This is a half pound of meat with marinated Portabella mushrooms, sauteed onions, & mozzarella.  It was a meaty, juicy, hearty offering indeed.The service was very good.  The menu offers such classic items as tuna stuffed tomatoes and french dip sandwiches.  You really do need to check this place out.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,11/12/2013,457,929,,4,9>Holy shiz this place was amazing! We went because of the "pirate" bar theme, but ended up loving our delicious drinks, the oh-so-cool atmosphere, and the fact it was right downtown. We came early (because I like to find parking), and got a place at the bar where we could see all of the interesting and awesomely different decor. There are trees growing up out of corners, birds hung from the ceiling with blue and red lighting. In the middle of the bar there is a vat of bubbly red liquid, I'm sure mostly for effect, but definitely added to the red "glow" of the place. Along the wall were interestingly shaped red leather booths, and more of the blue and red lighting along the back in the form of large lit up panels. No doubt about it, the decor is very cool.But also, my custom pirate drinks were delicious. I was less a fan of my ginger based drink (a wee to much ginger for me), but I had this amazing blue concoction I think I drank in about 2 minutes it was so good.I will definitely be back a bit later when the bar picks up a bit since I think we missed out on seeing it once it gets going on a Saturday night.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,11/11/2013,287,462,4,4,5>I think this is the 1000th review, so I'll try to make it good.I was intrigued by the signage, and it's "sticking out like a sore thumb"-ness in Cherry Creek, but I checked out the menu online and suggested to a friend that we have lunch here. I am so glad I did.I wasn't expecting it to be as crowded as it was for a Wednesday at lunch. It was like a campus bar with grownups in suits. What?! And look. It's not high class. It's not close to high class. BUT what it is is solid food, fun waiters, and easy going. You can't ask for much more.Our waiter was extremely friendly and accommodating (and even excused my stupidity for not knowing where the menus were (hint - they're right on the table by the condiments)). The food. OH the food! I want to go back for lunch every day and have the Avocado Melt sandwich. I wasn't sure how I would feel about two things I didn't like: Swiss cheese and 1000 Island Dressing, however, I like avocado, sauteed red onions and melted cheese and I figured the chef put it in that combination for some reason... yes they darn well did. It was fantastic. And quite large. AND a woman from the next table over was eyeing our meal (we both ordered the same sandwich) and we happily told her where it was on the menu and how to order it. Yum-O.Again, another place that I shouldn't have gone into because I now know how good it is and that could really be dangerous.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,11/10/2013,129,360,,5,6>My first time here and I really enjoyed it.  Phenomenal price for a huge amount of food!  (For context my whole meal here cost what one sandwich and a drink costs at Brother's BBQ).  I ordered the 2 meat combo w/ 2 sides: sausage link and pork shoulder w/ hush puppies and fried pickles, and a drink.  The link had a slight spicy kick and was absolutely delicious, almost craveable!  The pork was smoky, lean and moist.  I hadn't had a hush puppy in more than 15 years and these were so much better than I remember them being!  A touch of sweet, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The fried pickles were good, made fresh but I probably will try another side next time- mac n cheese and coleslaw looked good, and table-mates were raving about the cold green bean "salad".This place, like most good DTC lunch spots, gets busy!  Walked in right at 11:30 to find the line at least 6 deep.  They move quick, get the food out, and there's a decent amount of seating.  It is a pretty tight squeeze in there though, so be warned if you have anxiety about that sort of thing.  Sitting here at work, I can still smell the smoke smell on my hair and clothes- not sure if I love it or hate it, but another reason why to-go might be best for me the next time!Oh, and the child in me really appreciated the separated plates!  I can't stand when my food touches, so this took care of that for me :)All in all, another great DTC lunch spot that will become part of my regular rotation!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,11/9/2013,19,31,6,7,5>Jesus H Christ, I love this place. Even more now that I live about 500 feet from it.When I learned of Barricuda's a few months after moving to Denver in 2011, it hadn't been remodeled to how it is today; I'm going to review it as it is NOW and ignore one single incident that would have killed a star a bit ago (and in all likelihood wouldn't ever have been noticed by anyone other than me at the time). I'm forgiving like that. :)Anecdote first. I just moved back to Denver about 10 days ago after a brief stint in Vegas. Arriving at my apartment which made me feel like I should be featured in an episode of Hoarders, I made my bed and took a shower... then headed to Barricuda's. What I got in the first 20 minutes is what makes me feel incredible about this place, this neighborhood, and about Denver in general - but really, Barricuda's stands on its own.I sat at the too-high bar (yeah, yeah, I think someone read the plans wrong during the remodel and it's too late to go back now) and ordered myself a Dale's and a shot. Two gentlemen on opposite sides of the bar, obviously from completely different demographics, were having a heated but polite and sophisticated hypothetical discussion about technology and humanity.In most circumstances, I would have felt like I was in the crossfire - but in this instance of time and at this particular place, I felt like a part of a conversation that I just happened not to be participating in. Without going too "meta" for a bar / restaurant review, I'll simply state that this is the kind of social and almost family feeling that is almost ALWAYS present around the too-high bar at Barricuda's. Yes, it's basically a "Cheers" for Cap Hill (and I've lived on the hill in three different apartments over a couple of years - no other bar can touch the feeling of this place). However, like the bar in the television show, fresh faces come in all the time. Sometimes they just want to read. Sometimes they talk. Sometimes they hide in a corner and eat a burrito. I haven't heard anyone provide a solid, valid criticism from either the local camp or the one-shot camp that holds water with this yelper.Before food and beverage, another note on ambiance: this place is frequently listed and cited as being a "dive." While Barricuda's may TECHNICALLY (if there is a technical definition) fit into that classification, I consider it more of a low-brow lounge. Nob Hill on Colfax is a classic dive. Lancer used to be a classic dive. This place is SO much more than that - the mix of people from age, economic, orientation, and philosophical spectra is NOT common to any dive I've been to (and I've been to probably all of them in this town). The food, we'll get to in a minute. It's clean, has plenty of options for seating singles and parties or families (I see families with kids eating in here sometimes), nice pool tables, a really nice bar (have I mentioned it's high?)... I don't think "dive" is the right word for this place and if that's what you're expecting, you'll get the hint of it, but it's really not quite that. It's Barricuda's. Come check it out, and you will totally understand what I'm saying here (and I'll probably buy you a beer if I overhear you talking about this review) but please... don't be a douche.On the food: I am a huge foodie. When I go on vacation, I'm equally if not more concerned with the awesome NOMS I will consume as I am with the reason for the vacation. If you read my ratings, you will note that I pretty consistently rate establishments as isolated cases, and try not to allow comparisons to other places (unless they're obviously apples to apples) to color my ratings. This will be no different...BARRICUDA'S HAS AWESOME FOOD.BARRICUDA'S IS CHEAP AS FUCK.BARRICUDA'S IS FAST FAST FAST.Yeah, I said that. Fast, cheap, AND good. I have oh-so-rarely come to any eatery that can do all three of those things - there's always a compromise in there somewhere. Not here. I've eaten almost everything on the menu and holy hell, I can't believe how much awesome tasty food you can get for under $10. You can spend more, but if you experiment a bit, you can fill your gut (and I don't have "kind" guts) and please your face for under $10 easily. The burritos, breakfast and otherwise, are a standout to me... also, my vegetarian friend mentioned the other day that even though this place caters to all kinds of people, the menu stands out as kind of a vegetarian mecca. I wouldn't know, I eats the meats, but I'll take it from him.I'll stand ground on this, and when people come to town / I ask a familiar girl or guy to get dinner (or they ask me) I generally suggest this place - reactions always favorable even with picky eaters.Ok, not a huge fan of the pizza. Anything else though (and Sexy is right around the corner if you need the 'za).Who can say much about drinks? I'm about to hit my character limit - the drinks are cheap, fine. Why stay home? Come here.But PLEASE don't be a douche.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,11/8/2013,65,112,11,7,6>1) This place is like a NYC club...they tell people 30-45 minutes if they are dressed okay, 1.5 hours if they are like a spaz. I watched it all night and was amazed nobody called them on this. 2) Food was only 2nd to a 5 star gourmet French Laundry-esque tasting menu in Sonoma, CA.  It was truly tremendous. 3) The service was off as my wife and I (a) don't eat red meat and (b) ordered wine by the bottle and unfortunately got wine by the glass (more expensive) and received red meat in our tasting menu when we opted out of those courses expressly.Seriously, the food made up for any shortcomings. If you can eat in a NYC club because you love good food, this is your spot. If you don't like vapid, hipster discrimination coupled with small portions, go to Cheesecake Factory, as it will suit your wishes more than the Populist.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,11/7/2013,208,396,6,10,8>I've figured out where Tamayo truly shines - brunch!  Yep, that's right.  Who would have thought?  It's a bottomless brunch with a set price per person - $35 if you want to include alcohol and $20 if you don't.  I'm not drinking right now and let me tell you $20 is a steal for all the food you can get!  I think they limit you to 2 hours, but really do you need to actually consume food for longer than that?  Probably not.I called on a Friday for reservations early afternoon on a Sunday.  There was no problem getting a table on the rooftop patio (gorgeous summer day and great viewing of the bike race).  There was also a DJ up on the roof spinning your brunch soundtrack.  It was a bit loud for the rest of my family, but our table was also directly under a speaker.  A table a bit further away would have been perfect.  I truly enjoyed the tunes though and found myself dancing in my chair and sometimes singing along.Of the multiple food options, you can select what you'd like next or if your server is like ours, they might just bring out some of their favorites and keep the food flowing.  We started with our server picks, but switched to our options part way through because we were getting full and wanted to be sure we got to try certain dishes.  I really liked both the beef brisket and the chicken tinga tacos.  There was also a dish with scrambled eggs that was quite tasty.  And the bacon was near perfection.  We also tried a hotdog wrapped in bacon and some carnitas tortas.  But the unanimous highlight of our feast was the pan dulce - french toast with bananas, nutella, and caramel.  Yum!  We actually ended up ordering more servings of that.  And, I stuffed myself almost to the point of pain to eat a few more bites.  I would go back just for that french toast.Included alcohol options included margaritas, various mimosas, beermosa, and I think a bloody mary.  Didn't pay much attention this time around, but I'd like to partake sometime in the future.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,11/6/2013,185,459,15,4,13>Gather 'round, children, and I shall tell you a tale.  A tale of a magical place where a fair maiden brings plates flowing with Asian-themed ambrosia and nectar, where the perfection of the climate may offer respite from the chill and beating rain, and where one may be treated as the ruling royalty of the land of Zengo.'Twas a dark and stormy night, yet 8 travelers new to the magical kingdom gathered with the intention of breaking bread in celebration of a birthday.  They were sat at a table that provided a view where the green of the grass stood aglow in contrast to the gray atmosphere and glistened alive in defiance to the beating rain.  A fair maiden approached the party and generously provided free mojitos, perhaps because of a special offer from the kingdom, or perhaps because her crystal ball told her that the group planned to partake of all the bounty available in this land.  And partake they did.  From chicken empanades, gingered bourbon, and wine fit for the gods to pork carnitas with rice noodles, short ribs, and delicate slices of meat that could be cooked upon a magical rock that provided it's own heat.  And there were also plates of olive oil cake, cheesecake, and mousse that fantastically spelled out "Happy Birthday" in a fairy liquid that was surprisingly edible.Upon consumption of the plentitude of delicacies, the refreshed travelers were astonished to see that the mist and rain that drove them from the streets had moved on, allowing them to continue on their journey, albeit not without a small sum of regret at the leaving of the kingdom.  However their spirits were lifted again upon their exodus to learn that they would be allowed to return, indeed repeatedly, to this mystical land of food and drink spun from gold and silver.And while this bard must cease his tale, rest assured, Oh Children, that this tale is far from over.  For these travelers will return.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/5/2013,133,398,5,10,12>Everything was utterly fantastic at Root Down during Restaurant Week. We arrived about 30-35 minutes early and our table was ready and our friends were early too. We were seated at our table by a window/patio.We had absolutely wonderful service, the food came out quickly and everything was great. For the first course, my friend and I both had the winter squash & gnocchi with a pesto sauce. Fantastic! My bf and the other male both ordered the roasted beet salad that had red and yellow beets, with arugula, a sliced cheese round(not sure what type) with a beet relish. Sublime! I know beet salad can be overdone, but at Root Down, they had it down to a science.Second course: my bf and I both ordered salmon with lentils, butternut squash, which was utterly fantastic. The salmon was cooked to perfection, lightly pan-seared. The male half of the other couple ordered the tofu Marsala. The tofu was fried and was served with a hazel dell mushroom/cherry risotto. He never mentioned how good it was, but he finished off the entire plate, which looked like it was licked clean. His wife ordered the pork loin, which was the only disappointment. She thought the pork loin was too dry, but she otherwise enjoyed the rest of her meal.The final dessert course was equally fantastic. The females both ordered the lemon Passionfruit tart with a coconut meringue and a raspberry sorbet. It was very good, but almost bordered on the verge of being too sweet, but hit the right note. Both the males ordered the bread pudding. They were both so involved in their conversation, I never had a chance to try it out, but again, the plates were clean. I have to assume they found it favorable.Root Down also had some glasses of wine for $5.28, as well as wine bottle specials for $26.40 and $52.80.It was a very good dining experience. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,11/3/2013,75,67,,7,5>I must admit; chiropractic hasn't changed much but somehow in 2013 its better here!Patrick is fast, efficient, funny and serious about his work. Its a great office space down in the triangle, good parking and a pizza place right next door!I can't wait to get back for a complete series of adjustments that will go a long way toward returning me back to 100% after being down after an injury. As I write this I'm feeling better already. Check him out he's got convenient hours and for me that works!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,11/2/2013,342,357,,4,6>I really dig this bar.  Chill vibe, great selection of spirits, and just an overall cool space.  Happy hour is nice, as all drinks are a $1 off.  Drinks are poured strong, and they make a damn fine Moscow Mule.  I also enjoyed my vodka/grapefruit juice cocktail.  The spirits are all made in-house, which is just amazing, and they do a ton of liquor infusions.  I can't wait to go back to try more of those!!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,11/1/2013,1,14,2,9,3>I was lucky enough to attend Fresh Thymes' soft opening, and was incredibly impressed by the food, interior and potential.The restaurant is welcoming with ample seating, refurbished wood walls and a beautiful open kitchen. Its clearly designed to make you feel at home - the food only confirms this feeling.The Mediterranean and Turkish salads were both amazing with fresh produce, spices (sumac), and an array of other great, local ingredients. But what really stood out were the Riot Wings.....these were some of the best wings I've ever had. The size of the wing, the char, and most importantly the sauce combined to create a spicy, but not overwhelming, deliciousness.Can't wait to go back and try more of their menu!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,10/31/2013,74,118,4,7,6>Every time I walk into Breathe I know I will have a wonderful experience. In fact, I gave up claiming a "favorite class" or "favorite teacher" because each time I try something new my head gets dizzy with the endless amount of awesome choices.I highly recommend the Yin class if you are highly active. Runners, cyclists, etc. will love the deep stretches (3-8 minutes) that will have you walking away feeling more "aligned" than ever. Since committing to attending a Yin class a week, I have seen magnificent changes in my running -- breath, posture, and strength.I'll leave you with this: I'm a cheapie. I came to Breathe because there was a great Groupon deal. In fact, now that I mention it, I may be a groupon addict as well. My usual yoga routine involves buying whatever current studio groupon is available, using it, and then moving on...I can't move on from here. I just can't.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,10/30/2013,315,429,4,8,12>Odyssey was our last stop on a mini-brewery tour day this past weekend and I'm glad we saved it for last because it was quite a pleasant surprise!After driving past a long series of warehouses, you'll find Odyssey at the very end (alas, no Odysseus, though...darn it!)  This place is huge:  very large tap room with a beautiful hardwood bar area, many tables, and an excellent patio with plenty of umbrellas (that last bit is very important to an uber pale white girl...patios are great, but let's just make sure I make it out of that situation alive and not lobster red).  My friends and I were lucky enough to snag a patio table after grabbing a few beers.  Usually I go for a flight sampler, but I was only feeling brave enough for one more beer for the day.  So I opted for the ESB, my bière du jour.  Sadly I can't remember what my friends ordered, but I made sure to sip a bit of everyone's choices.  And all I can say is:  awesome!  Each beer has a nice bold flavor!Unfortunately I cannot wax poetic about the beers right at this moment, but I can say that I loved this place and the brews.  Odyssey was a huge surprise for me, having not even heard of the place before last week.  The space is fantastic and will be most excellent to hang out at on a warm summer's day.  And of course, the beers were strong and flavorful.  Pack a bag and make a trip over to Odyssey, stat!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/29/2013,389,548,6,9,12>Updating my review to five stars was something I should have done six months ago.  My very favorite brewery ever.  The nicest folk, the best ambiance, and consistently great red ales.  My go-tos are the saison and the pale red rye.  I also sometimes throw the red IPA in for fun.Keep an eye out for some of their super limited seasonal releases.  I was fortunate to get the first glass from their rhubarb hibiscus sour mash saison keg when summer began and am now waiting in anticipation to try their beet saison (I missed their first release this year). They have also been great for the neighborhood.  This was a sad looking spot when we moved to the hood nearly three years ago and now it's a vibrant corner filled with with appreciators of craft beer.  They are also just far enough north to make this a destination for people who are seeking out the good stuff and not somewhere that pedal riders/bar hoppers will accidentally stumble into.  And if the crowd gets a little too obnoxious, the staff totally has your back.Black Shirt is a true keeper.  We can never leave our neighborhood now.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,10/28/2013,809,1185,9,13,13>Having a Greek BF gets me my first visit to the Annual Greek Festival and I can honestly say I can't wait to return for many, many more visits.The entrance fee was $3 this year which appears to have increased from $2 last year.  Not a big deal in my opinion.  They do what most festivals do which is making you convert your dollars to festival coins to make it easier for the vendors.  This is a bit annoying, don't the vendors know what cash is and how to make change?  Just pointing out the obvious.The food is delicious.  I'll mess up all the Greek names, but the honey balls with nuts were delicious and totally worth every calorie and pound gained.  In addition we had a shot of ouzo, some Greek beer and enjoyed the wonderful Greek dancing.  I was getting a little tired into the evening and we left before I could enjoy the BF getting his dance on, maybe next year, and maybe I'll join him next year and not be as scared.  Great festival and really worth getting a group together and having a good time.  Looking forward to next year.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,10/27/2013,331,569,9,20,13>I now understand all the buzz about B Nails (see what I did there?!).Knowing that this place is popular, I called to make an appointment rather than walking in for a pedicure.  This turned out to be a smart move as I was able to book a same day appt and as I was there, two people were regretfully turned away as everyone working was already booked.  So, word to the wise, make an appointment.Now, onto the pedicure, the best pedicure I've ever received.While $37 is more expensive than your average pedicure, the price is worth it for B Nails' above average pedi.  You get a spa-like experience without heading to a spa.  For an hour, I sat in a comfortable massage chair while my feet, calves, and toes were scrubbed, buffed, rubbed, and painted.  I really appreciated all of the extra touches like a brief hot stone massage for my feet and a shoulder massage while I waited for the polish to dry.Add me to the list of customers who plan to return loyally!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,10/26/2013,274,320,5,5,7>1st rule of Cafe Monet is you must try it for lunch.  Lunch is very inexpensive with a great variety and a full three course meal with soup, salad and main course.  I have had a couple of the lunch items and they have all been very good in wonderful sauces.2nd rule of Cafe Monet is make sure to invite someone with snow on the roof.  It is an older crowd here and you'll feel out of place with a bunch of X-gen'ers sitting at a table!3rd rule of Cafe Monet is enjoy the 83yr old waiter...  no kidding, 83yrs old and still has a bounce in his step and a twinkle of mischief in his eye!  Don't be in a hurry, this is at more of a European pace than an American restaurant pace.4th rule of Cafe Monet, for me, is just come for lunch.  While the dinner menu looks fantastic is is a little on the pricey side for Parker.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,10/25/2013,88,339,2,6,3>We came in for lunch on a Thursday with a $30 Colorado's Best Deals coupon.  I had made a reservation using Open Table.  We didn't really need reservations for lunch, but I wanted the 100 points.  They were located on Kimmer Dr behind Park Meadows Mall in Lone Tree.The decor was very elegant with Japanese kimonos, artwork, and decorations on the walls.  In the lounge, they had high top bar tables and regular tables, but no booths.We ordered 4 sushi rolls once we got a paper sushi menu.  The presentation was a little crowded on the platter, but I liked the way the sushi chef used green leaf lettuce sticking out of the rolls to add color and dimension.Spider Roll ($11): 6 pieces of tempura soft shell crab with veggies drizzled with eel sauce.  The tempura soft shell crab was crispy with the legs sticking out of the roll.  The seaweed was on the outside,Crunchy Roll ($10.25): 8 pieces of shrimp tempura, cucumber and avocado roll topped with tempura bits and a sweet savory sauce.  The shrimp tempura was crispy with the tail on.Salmon Skin Roll ($5.75): 6 pieces of baked salmon skin with veggies drizzled with eel sauce and sprinkled with bonito flakes on top.  My favorite roll and I would order this again.Philly Roll ($7.70): 8 pieces of smoked salmon, cream cheese, avocado, and cucumber.  My least favorite roll out of the 4 rolls.We will be back!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,10/24/2013,54,119,1,8,3>56 Colorado local brews on draft.  56!!!  Seriously? Does it get any better than this?  I think I counted 4 of those that were beers I could've done without.  And that still leaves 52!  I was able to try a few before making a decision on which delicious brew to guzzle in a pint glass.  Most of the breweries I had never heard of including Odyssey, which is now one of my favorites.  The bartenders and owner are friendly, helpful and patient.  Although there were many in the place, we were treated as though we were the only ones there.  On to the food. The menu consists of all homemade ingredients.  The first visit we ordered the greek salad on special and the bratwurst with German potato salad.  The brat was the star of that lunch.  It was made in house, cooked in beer the true Wisconsin way, and topped with sauerkraut. It was also ginormous.  On our second visit the T-man ordered the Colorado Plus burger.  I haven't had red meat in probably three months, but I started drooling when the burger arrived.  It was a handmade patty with havarti cheese and a horseradish sauce covering the caramelized onions.  He ordered it medium rare and it was perfect.  I actually took a bite or two as I couldn't resist.  I think it's my new favorite burger.  I had the tofu sliders with a Jamaican jerk seasoning and slaw. as well as the chicken slider. Ground chicken, arugula, and an apricot chutney. I think that was my favorite but both were quite tasty.  The fries with the burger were hand cut and perfect. I think I'd like to try their fry appetizer next time as well as their spicy peppers stuffed with sausage and cheese.  We will definitely be back as all of their taps rotate often and the service and food exceed expectations.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,10/23/2013,103,577,,12,11>Al Lado is another little Denver gem. Tucked away around the corner from Zengo, it isn't super obvious from Little Raven but keep an eye peeled because it is worth spotting!The hubs & I first dined here for happy hour with fellow yelper Kristen N. because of her great recommendation. She steered us through the highlights of the menu (shishito peppers and bacon wrapped dates just to name a few). Their happy hour is really fantastic with great tapas options for under $8 each and wine by the glass options for no more than $5 each. The atmosphere is also really nice and makes your visit even more special. It is kind of like dining in a West Elm! Most recently, I planned my sister's bridal shower here and it turned out to be a great location to host such an event at. The service was incredible, the food was delicious and easy to share with a medium-sized group, and the drinks were easily ordered from their large by the glass selection (sangria, too!). The "Whole Shebang" menu (which is the entire menu) is a great deal for a party!Give it a try, and happy hour doesn't end until 7:00pm so you have plenty of time after work to stop by!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,10/22/2013,194,576,1,15,14>Seriously the BEST pastries and breads in Denver. Frankly some of the best I've had anywhere. I bought a pain au chocolat for B and a pain au raisins for myself, which is my favorite pastry!  I also purchased a baguette to have with dinner. It was such a lovely loaf that it inspired me to make a corn chowder to go with.B said his pain au chocolat was "ridiculous" and I believe him since he ate the remaining crumbs in the bag. My pain au raisins was perfect too! Flakey, sweet raisin goodness. I can see becoming a regular at Babette's on the weekend for a treat and to grab a loaf of bread to go with a weekend dinner.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,10/21/2013,683,1119,6,14,10>You enter this old building, perhaps an old electric company? Some type of 1920's shop building methinks and you are immediately transported to a busy , fussy France fromaggery. A HUGE refrigerated room with cheeses from all over the USA and the world in every aromatic type possible. But there's so much more! Olive, salmon, a huge rack of romantic salamis (yes I really said that) crackers and fruit and tempting tidbits. The gift shop is a color calliope of oranges and reds and deco delights from soaps and linens to oils and other hard goods.PAUSE - WAIT - THIS IS LONGMONT COLORADO?Then there's the bistro. we had a top notch cheese and fruit plate. My wife indulged in a few flavors of their many fresh macaroons. The cappuccino was tres bon!WOW is this place outstanding!!! There are big cities in America (aka Seattle) that don't have such a wondrous place!This is a destination, not a cheese shop!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,10/20/2013,133,419,1,10,8>Came to the soft opening last night for friends and family, and was impressed by the ambiance, bar, and food!  I am looking forward to coming back when it is a little less hectic and working my way through the drinks and menu.  The menu is meant to focus on the Michoacan state in Mexico, which is supposedly famous for their "soul food".  The atmosphere is warm and inviting - exposed brick, long bar, beautiful hand-painted murals, combo of booths and table tops, and nice lighting.  TVs are over the bar for the sports inclined.  They seem to have most tequilas available - and the capable bartenders will take care of you.  The margaritas were DELICIOUS.The menu is extensive, and contains tons of gluten-free options (yay!) that are well-marked.  I got to try some of the salsas (the tomatillo one and the avocado ones were really good!), the carnitas sopes to start, followed by chicken mole enchiladas suizas.  My friend also got the enchiladas suizas, but with carnitas and green chile.  Both were excellent (slight edge to the mole!).  Everyone at the table agreed that the carnitas was top-notch!Definitely worth a stop if you are craving Mexican.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,10/19/2013,242,830,6,6,6>New Saigon has become my Go-To place for Banh-Mi.  I like their bread the best out of any that I've tried, and they don't skimp on those fillings, either.  Their #11, Grilled Pork Paste... Holy YUM.  I do have to get mine with (And I mean this literally) "Only one pepper slice, please"... Because HOLY HELL those little buggers are HOT.  (There was one time where I was taking a bite, wiping the heat-induced tears from my eyes, saying "It's soooo hot... my lips burn"... while my friend looked at me like I was an idiot, and said "STOP EATING IT!!" .... to which I replied, mouth full again... "BUT IT'S SO GOOD!!"  True story.)Aaaaanyways... They always have some sort of goodies piled up near the register that suckers me in.  (See photo of spring rolls with Chinese Sausage, Egg, and veggies.  Noms!)  I've also seen Vermicelli Rice Noodle Plates, Sticky Rice, Pork-and-Mushroom Filled Rice Goo (That's not a technical term) and more.  I haven't seen these full-dessert-cases like in the photos on here... I've seen SOME, but they haven't looked all that wonderful and the cases are usually more than half empty when I'm there.No matter, I'm not there for dessert.  I'm there for a kick-you-know-what Banh Mi.  Or two.  And an impulse buy here or there.  New Saigon Market doesn't disappoint me there!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/18/2013,306,1103,2,8,5>I stopped by Crave yesterday after work before seeing Peter and the Starcatcher and had a very pleasant experience! It wasn't a planned visit but I've been wanting to stop by this place given their location (right across the street from the Convention Center and light rail!) and adorable, modern patio. Their patio has a very comfortable and cool vibe to it but it was starting to rain last night so alas, a patio visit wasn't in the stars. There were a couple of tables sat and one couple at the bar and that's where I made my way for some liquid therapy. I was greeted right away by a guy who I later found out is the new service manager (could be a really positive thing given the crappy service reviews on Yelp) and after asking some questions about my drink preference recommended some red wines to me. Hello service and customer care! I was instantly hooked up with a spicy glass of Malbec that was bold and hit the spot and I never wanted it to end. But unfortunately I had to leave to pick up tickets for the show and got the last few sips down. But I was waiting on my boyfriend to come meet me and had some extra time after that so I headed back for another glass of Malbec and got a citrus salad as well (what can I say, the hooch was hitting me). It was a simple salad with baby spinach, orange slices, goat cheese and pepper. No dressing, no frills, it was absolutely delightful. Apparently I had a complete opposite experience from a lot of people on here but then again, I didn't try the dessert. The bartender mentioned how they used to have a mixologist but he is no longer there so it could be good to stick to basic drinks until they find a replacement. The service I received from the service manager and bar tender was top notch and that will bring me back to this place again, either for a small plate or dessert and of course a nice, big glass of wine I can swim in!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,10/17/2013,702,888,6,10,7>This was my favorite new discovery on our recent Westside Taco Tour. My husband raved about it for hours afterward and it's easy to understand why. We shared five tacos here and they were more stuffed and piled high with meat than any other street-style taco I've ever had (just look at my photo for proof). But the meat wasn't just plentiful, each variety was super tender, juicy and flavorful. We tried the barbacoa, pastor, carnitas and asada for just $2 each. The pastor was extra saucy and delicious, unlike others I've had around town but something I'll definitely order again. Oh who am I kidding? We'll eat all of the above next time we come here. We ended up with two pastor instead of a pastor and pollo, and I was not complaining because it was my favorite. I loved the addition of sliced radishes, cucumbers, lime wedges and roasted peppers on our plate and the single salsa that was provided to us in cups was realllly good. Not too hot, but just enough. We ordered at the far end of the meat counter, rounded up some chairs and were served at our table quickly. We paid at the front cash register.I was happy to find that they had a few tables and chairs inside because I was worried we'd be scarfing our tacos in the parking lot - this is a carniceria after all. And we'll definitely be back to buy some meat from their long display that stretched from the front of the store all the way to the back. Holy moly, it all looked amazing and cheap! You can even buy your meats in bulk and already cooked - they had some great combo deals for various types that included rice and beans and salsas for around $25 (ranging from 2-3 lbs of meat each plus multiple side dishes). But what really stuck out to me after trying tacos at two other places later in the day, was how tender that meat was in each taco here. Sometimes at taco shops, you end up with some hard, dried out or excessively fatty bits of meat and that couldn't have been further from the case here. All of the meat was like butter. I'm glad I finally made it in!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,10/16/2013,73,96,,7,8>Great new addition to the north highland/sunnyside neighborhood! The wifey and I stopped in and tried the 4 beers they had going at the moment..a porter, a wheat, an IPA and a pale ale. I fancied the IPA, very smooth and citrusy, while the wife surprised me by liking both the porter and the pale ale (usually she doesn't like either style that much) the porter was definitely tasty too. I appreciated the good design of both the interior space as well as the branding too..I will definitely be back especially as they roll out even more beers! (Hint: two farmhouse-styles are slated to tap in September)Hooray for beerliforation!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,10/15/2013,188,277,1,11,9>DiFranco's is pretty dang good. This place kind of reminds me of some of those old north-side Italian delis but just upscaled a bit. During a recent lunch I had one of the best salads in quite some time. It consisted of a delicious pat of buttery, herby polenta covered in slightly bitter baby arugula. On top of that were earthy mushrooms marinated in a delicious balsamic reduction, sweet caramelized onions and then a perfectly cooked egg. The whole things makes for a surprisingly filling salad. And a great value too at only $6.50.I also had a couple of moist, yummy Lemon Ricotta cookies. Those were three for I think $2.50 or so. In my opinion, this place is a great value, especially for the area. I'll be back soon for dinner.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,10/14/2013,111,186,6,12,8>I'm on a mission to find a sushi spot out here. I've tried a few places in golden (don't judge me) and sushi den... That being said, we walked in to sushi bay 17 late Saturday afternoon and not for the last time. What a nice surprise! We caught the tail end of happy hour. It wasn't too crowded, so I expected good service, BUT  instead we got EXCELLENT SERVICE. I swear multiple servers were zipping around to our left and right-clearing plates, wiping spills, and asking us if we needed anything. We sat at the sushi bar, where the chefs took incredibly good care of us. We were quite pampered. We started with HH $4 large kirins (hooray beer!). Here's the breakdown of our meal:Miso black cod: this was one of the specials. It truly was special. Anyone knows cod is just cod.. This guy was not overcooked! And the end result was a lightly miso glazed super moist chunk of fresh cod.HH spicy crunch tuna roll: this was a great deal and not bad on the palette. I needed to get something that would ensure my friend was full. 8 pieces with the crunchies *inside* the roll did the trick. Jalapeño yellowtail (HH): George our chef recommended this to us. I'm glad he did. It was well presented and creative. This was one of my favorites of the night. HH nigiri: salmon, albacore, halibut, and tunaThe salmon and halibut were super fresh and you really can't beat the HH price on them. Our favorites of the night. I'm sorry, but the albacore was good... But I've just had the best albacore nigiri of my life a month ago and there's no going back. When sushi chef George realized I was taking a photo of our food, he started pumping out beautifully decorated sushi plates. The carrot butterfly on the tuna was my favorite adornment.We also ended our meal with sweet tamago. I'm used to a sliced up orange or I'm happy ordering some green tea ice cream. But this was a nice little addition to our meal.On a side note, George- I hope you know that from now on, I'll expect nothing less than the wonderfully crafted sushi you made...  No pressure!!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,10/13/2013,203,267,4,10,9>I have to change this to a 5 star experience after dining here on a Sunday evening, which in my book is absolutely the best way to spend a Sunday evening. Did you know that in addition to happy hour being honored all night in the lounge and bar area, they offer all of the daily specials from the week on this night? Hot damn, indeed. Just listen to some of the following options...Two pairings of Sommelier's wine with every Trio of Cheese order-fantastic assortment with great wine, A nice pairing of tivoli with every order of the yummy Truffled Tater tots, a glass of champagne with every duo of oysters you get-they have been some of the best oysters I have ever had in Colorado, tastings of Linnie Aquavit vodka with any order of House-cured seafood. And folks, all of that food mentioned is on the $4.00 happy hour menu! You almost don't need to order any drinks because so many are included in the food options. But if you do, they will make anything you want basically( I had a delicious mojito for only $4.00, well drink price during hh). The service was outstanding, we really felt very pampered.This is the place to be on Sunday evenings.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/12/2013,161,150,,11,9>I'm in love... this is probably one of my new favorite places in Denver.  $12 for a 5-selection cheese plate, yes please. $13 wine flights (that I'd guess are 3oz each,) double yes!  And the fact that I said I didn't care for a particular varietal from a particular region, they were happy to replace it with something else.  Customer service as great as it gets.Our server Scott was fantastic.  He had the perfect sense of when to stop by and when to stay away.  I was so into my conversation with my dining partner, I lost track of time.  I looked at my phone and noticed, they had been closed for a bit; but it was no inconvenience and he just went about doing the other things he needed to do to close out.  Guiltily I left (because I was having such a great time,) but to have a welcoming place where you don't feel shoo'd out at closing time was really refreshing. This is some place I'm going to come back to (a LOT.)
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/11/2013,130,843,4,12,11>Rejoice! I have cause to enjoy my early morning flights now!Root Down was surprisingly open while I blearily stumbled into Terminal C. I thought it was too good to be true, so I asked. They open at 6am. From a previous arrival into Terminal C two days before, I know ttheir food takes about 12-15 minutes preparation time. I had time. For the morning hours, you'll order from their brunch menu. Check the Yelp listing for pictures. I've included some interior shots along with three brunch related menus. I ordered the chorizo omelet with poblano pesto candied jalapenos, tillamook cheddar, lemon creme fraiche, home fries & lemon dressed arugula. The home fries were great! Crisp, with the outer skin slightly puffed. There were purple, yellow, and sweet potatoes lightly covered in tasty salt. The greens were lightly bitter, awakening my palate. The omelet was slightly chill, not hot, but cool, pleasantly cool with chorizo providing the heat element. Much different than I'm used to, I really enjoyed it. I really enjoyed how the omelet provided several different tastes and textures. With their varied seating choices, brightly lit recycled globe chandelier, and a wide view of sunrise, Root Down is a delightful place in an otherwise dull environment.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,10/10/2013,26,136,3,6,7>Had my first-ever barre class last night at Barre3 (thanks Yelp + Barre3)!  I had heard horror stories from a friend about how hard these classes are and how sore you'll be afterward... well folks, the stories are true.  I am quite active and work out a lot, and the soreness has not been immediate for me.  But almost 24 hours later, it's starting to set in.  And I love it.  This is something like the exercise lovechild of yoga, pilates, and ballet, and the movements are very small and deliberate.  There is a lot of "pulling in" at your belly button and actively focusing on proper posture and positioning, because that will make a huge difference in individual results.  Some of the movements use hand weights, and everyone was encouraged to grab a set of 1- or 2-lb weights - yep, that's it.  I personally had 2-lb weights, and I had to put them on the floor at one point and finish that particular exercise sans weights because it was just so hard!  Sounds strange, but it really is true.  This class is not for the faint of heart.  I believe the sweet petite/torturous little instructor mentioned something at the end about feeling drunk when you're done working out - and that's exactly how I felt.  So tired, my muscles felt like jelly and I was fuzzy and goofy from the focus and exertion - but I also felt pretty awesome.  I picked up some dinner right after and noticed I was standing a little taller as I walked through the store.  Rad.The studio is super clean and almost feels like a spa.  The cubbie area that holds class-goers' personal things is pretty tight, but it's not that big of a deal since you're not hanging out there for any period of time.  The only real downside is that the classes are pretty pricey (~$20/class, depending on the package you purchase), but I can see having a lot of success long term if I stuck with it... so it might be worth it.  Also, Barre 3 offers babysitting services during their classes for an extra $5, which I will definitely keep in mind for when I start having kids!  Really cool little perk to offer. If you can fit this into your budget, I would highly recommend giving Barre 3 a try - you may regret it the next day when your muscles are all screaming at you, but I'm sure you'll get over it quickly and be psyched to go to your next class!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,10/9/2013,240,467,1,12,8>The Source is really shaping up to be a great new spot!This is a european style market with multiple vendors/shops/restaurants/etc. Right now there a two restaurants open and a cheese shop. Within the next week a butcher, brewery (crooked stave!!!), bar, and more will be opening.There is plenty of parking outside and a new bike rack made from old metal building materials (pretty neat!). There are two nice patios and tons of open seating inside. Its a HUGE, open space.The RiNo neighborhood is really shaping up to be a great place to live!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,10/8/2013,152,243,1,12,9>I finally had a chance to try Sassafras. There is no way I am waiting an hour + on a weekend to eat here (or anywhere, really). So my husband and I took advantage on a Tuesday, which was also a snow day for me.I ordered the fried green tomato benedict, which at first bite I was absolutely in love with! I proclaimed it my new favorite breakfast in Denver. But, when I got to the second half, I noticed the poached egg was hard boiled, not like the perfectly poached one on the first half. It's easy to overcook an egg by mistake, but I noticed the cook had cut into it with a knife and then covered it up with hollandaise... so they knew they weren't giving me their best, but sent it out to the table anyway. That was a tad disappointing.My husband had the biscuits and sausage gravy and he said it was the best he's ever had. I will definitely come back on another free weekday.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,10/7/2013,137,174,8,9,8>This little French bakery is incredible.  I feel like the clouds parted when I walked in to Pierre Michel Organic French Bakery Cafe.  Yep, the clouds parted and light shined down upon their magnificent chocolate croissants.  These chocolate croissants are to die for... Who needs France when you can mosey on over to Highlands Ranch and get these delicious, flaky, chocolaty croissants?  I can't imagine croissants getting better than this. Chad T. was in Highlands Ranch last week for work.  I told him he MUST bring me home some chocolate croissants.  He asked how many and I said seven.  He brought me home one and we didn't talk that night.  For some reason he thought I was joking when I said I wanted seven... These croissants are worth fighting over.  You can't just get one croissant.  Trust me, they are so good you will want at least five.  Seven if you are a fatty like me. We have tried other pastries, and everything is just as good as the croissants.  The employees are as sweet as their pasties.  I look forward to going back to actually try the food off their menu.  Update to come soon because I can't stay away for long.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,10/6/2013,200,310,1,8,7>What do you do after you take 16 yr old twins and your favorite 10 yr old to a movie on a Friday afternoon??   Why you go for Pizza of course!!!!!  I find myself for one reason or another spending more and more time in parker so it was time to find a pizza place.  Enter trusty Yelp App.  Colonna's seemed like the place to go and so off we went.  It's situated in a strip mallish type place and plenty of parking.   It's a neat little place I think.  Plenty of room to move around and sit down and it's more a family place then a hipster trendy place.  I like that you didn't have to order a whole pizza; they sell by the slice fairly reasonable at that.  This is helpful when you have hungry teenagers or not everyone wants pizza.  Riley was up for a meatball sub so we decided to share one.  That was a great idea because it was plenty for 2 people to share.  Both of us were almost instantly in love with their meatballs.  It's hard to find a good meatball for some reason.  They were tender and not tough.  The seasoning was not over powering and it went great with their sauce.  I like that you actually got meatballs and not a loaf of bread full of more sauce then meatball.  They aren't stingy on the cheese either.   You can't have a good meatball sammich with out good bread.  Their fit the bill on that aspect as well.  Not dry, a little toasted from the cheese melting in the oven, enough to actually hold the meatballs with out to much tearing.   The boys enjoyed their pizza.  I didn't get to try some yet because  1/2 that meatball and a few fries was plenty for me.  What I liked was the atmosphere and how they treated the people that walked in.  There was a nice gentleman who reminded me of the guy you see in the movies sitting by the stoop in a chair talking to a bunch of other older gents in their chairs as well.  He was handing out simile face stickers to the kids.  It so reminds me of the places back east that I loved where everyone was not only greeted but actually spoken to like they were important.   He was even more then happy to actually listen to and consider the boys idea for a cookie desert pizza.  He actually seemed to really be considering it.  The girls at the register were very helpful and made see we knew how things were done. The boys agreed we should visit again on another movie day.  It was nice to find East Coast pizza and attitude in Parker.  I will definitely be back for the pizza.  Anyone wanna join me???
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/5/2013,212,1203,4,10,6>First off I like the Location. Its within Walking Distance of the D Line. Just get off and Cut thru the DMV parking lot and BAM your there. The Line, don't let it Deter you. Its a line for a reason. Remember No CARD. Changed Just for Ashley. Lol  And put your cellphone away when you order. They have seating in doors and outside. Never a problem finding a seat. Also you can look at the menu before you get up there. So please be ready to tell them what you want when you get there to keep the line moving. Don't ask 50 million questions. Its not Mc Donalds the Menu isn't that Damn Complicated. Now on the the food. I ordered the Fried Chicken. The Leg and thigh. With Mac And Cheese, Regular Corn Bread And Sweet Yams. The CHICKEN OMG. Fried and Delicious. And the yams were soft and spot on. I like it with marshmallows but still delicious. The Mac And cheese delicious as well. They also have Real Sweet Tea and Lemonade. And Peach Cobbler is a side though I would pay extra and take it home to have it with Ice Cream. I still wish they were open on Saturday.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,10/4/2013,79,247,5,8,6>Have you ever actually tried the lunch menu at many breakfast places? Sometimes I do, but sometimes I don't. To me, Snooze is one of those breakfast places so amazing, why would you consider eating anything else on the menu unless you've finished all the desirable breakfasts they offer?.......So I decide on the Dixie Chicken. WHAT THE HELL WAS I THINKING TO AVOID ORDERING LUNCH FOR BREAKFAST IN THE FIRST PLACE?!!! Delicious chicken bedded on a crumbly, soft biscuit, covered in gravy and topped with eggs made to order. I got an extra helping of gravy just to truly smother the thing. What an experience in dense savory food for breakfast. I loved it so much I've ordered it twice since, and I'll probably keep getting it because they consistency is as flawless as the ingredients: awesome.Give it a shot, and maybe something from the full bar (mixed with coffee) for the perfect hangover breakfast.(Tip: get there early (7am) to beat the hipsters and early riser bar flies)
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,10/3/2013,95,693,8,14,9>Let's start with the quality and size of these burritos.Excellent and large.I had the pork, rice and kim-chi. I love kim-chi. It was tasty. My only complaint is that I want enough garlic in the fermented goodness to kill vampires living in Nebraska. And, I want enough pepper oomph to make my eyes bleed. They need increase both in this kim-chi.We ate on the north patio and it was pleasant even though the outside temperature was 33 °C according to my weather app.Free Wi-Fi is good.The people who are going to really like this place are those that will come for beers and a welcoming atmosphere. They will be fine with paying $9.50 for a very good burrito.The people who are going to dislike this place are those who compare the burrito price with Chipotle/Qdoba. If all you focus on is $6.50 versus $9.50, then you will be grumpy.The one big negative is NO HAPPY HOUR. (01OCT2013 - website says: Happy Hour 1500-1800)
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,10/2/2013,40,449,2,7,9>BEST BUFFET EVER!HUGE selection--well over a dozen entrees, most of which were vegetarian. Lots of old favorites (chana masala, vegetable korma, saag paneer, etc), along with a few plates that I had never seen before. I got to try egg curry, coconut soup, sweet potato masala, and carrot pudding for the first time. I didn't care much for the egg curry (I'm just not a big fan of hard-boiled egg), but I definitely found some new favorites with the coconut soup and carrot pudding! All of the vegetarian entrees were expertly spiced with full-bodied flavor. SO GOOD. The chicken tikka masala was also very good--the most tender that I've ever had. The dessert selection was also by far the most varied I've ever seen at an Indian buffet. Mango pudding, banana pakora, kheer, and shira (think, cream of wheat with sliced banana). I might have also had an extra helping of the carrot pudding...Would be a do-over if we lived closer! We just happened to be in the area. But, we'll have to make another trip back just to try it again!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/1/2013,217,97,7,11,7>In my never ending quest to find good valued food for lunch in Louisville, I found this gem.  I must say, I was worried about how long it would last as the previous restaurants never seemed that busy.   I was pleasantly surprised by what I found.DO NOT let the white table cloth tables scare you away.   It's OK, the prices are reasonable.  I know, low class schlubs like me want to run away when they see that... especially for lunch!   I suggest you stay a while.   Relax, and enjoy yourself.   It'll be ok, I promise.As far as the food goes, i have tried several delicious homemade soups, shrimp salad, crabcakes, chicken and biscuits, and a roast beef sandwich.   ALL of the above were of great quality.   I am convinced the chef is from Baltimore.   He uses old bay on his shrimp, and makes crab cakes like a Balti-moron.   I like to imagine he runs his kitchen a bit like the wire.   I bet it's awesome back there!They seem to be getting busier every time I join them for lunch, so I suggest getting there for an 11 AM lunch.   Overall, a great addition to Louisville, even if it is tucked away inside a small stripmall.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,9/30/2013,345,277,6,16,13>Who goes to a restaurant on Opening Day ?  Me that's who.  I haven't been to the other locations but who doesn't love a Cuban sandwich?  So I heard they were opening and I waited and waited and waited.The staff was very friendly and were on top of everything being the first day.  I thought there might be a wait but there wasn't and my to-go order came out quickly.  I like the fact that they have a huge menu hanging from the ceiling so you can gander when you first walk in.  They also have small menus for you to look at while you wait in line.You walk in, move into line, place your order and then go sit down.  I was a little confused when I walked in as I saw people sitting at tables with water glasses, napkins and silverware.  It looked at first glance that you would sit and someone would come place your order but this is not the case.  I ordered the Cubano and Veggie & Citrus Slaw.  Since it was to-go I couldn't eat it right away so I'm guessing it would have warranted a few more starts but tasty nonetheless.  Ratio was correct on every aspect.  Ham, pork, cheese, pickles, mustard and crusty bread.  The slaw was different from most slaws you typically get which sets itself aside from all the mayo based.  It was crispy, clean, bright and oh so good.  My first bite I'm saying to myself this has a bit of a kick.  Then I bit right down on a small piece of raw jalapeno.  That explains the kick - it was the right amount of spicy for me.Thanks Cuba Cuba for being so close to work.  It is so very tempting to visit you each and every day.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,9/29/2013,90,221,3,7,6>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this yet.  This place is the BEST pizza in the Capitol Hill area!  My typical experience here is pre-gaming before the bar or post-gaming after the bar and having a beer, a slice and some free garlic knots(thank you yelp check in special).  Every time it has been fantastic, everything from the goofball patrons gettin' their pizza/drink on to the great service to the delicious pizza I am a huge fan! The buffalo chicken pizza has always been a favorite, as well as, the Grandma's slice with a couple toppings added.  My god, my mouth is watering ridiculously right now!   I've never had a bad experience, it is a little higher cost on the spectrum, but it is definitely worth it.  I recommend anyone in the area to hit them up and enjoy!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,9/28/2013,23,116,3,9,7>You will be SKEPTICAL when you roll up this place that takes up the side of a gas station... Then you can eat the food... Delicious! Hey look, great price, quick but cooked to order, and tasty. Probably not great for Date night...I got the Machaca burrito. This guy nailed it. Ya know how people always talk about how talented cooks can be found in hole in the wall places... This is that place. Don't be scared!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,9/27/2013,6,63,,14,8>What a nice and friendly place! My husband and I were just looking on Yelp for good lunch around Cherry Creek, and we were impressed by the ratings and came here. Now, my club sandwich was fine. (Definitely meat-loaded.) But, that's not what they're here for. I was silly to order a club. This is a German deli, and they specialize in German deli food, especially brats. My husband got a Reuben sandwich and LOVED it. To clarify, it is a deli/store, so it's not quite a restaurant, but offers lunches and has some tables. We then decided to take brats home for dinner. 20 minutes later, we had sampled four different things (potato salad, 2 cheeses, and a different kind of brat) and left with ingredients for two meals. They were so sweet, didn't try to push anything they weren't willing to offer samples of, and we want to go back just because of the people working there. (Especially Angeline/a?) No, we had no reason to be looking for a German deli. We aren't German. But we liked it and we will be back!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/26/2013,27,196,5,9,9>I'm a Denver native and I remember the time when the old Hogback was an open road for both motorists and cyclists alike.  It was a convenient short cut to drive from Alameda and Rooney Road to get to Red Rocks Amphitheater, Morrison or Golden in minutes (this was before C-470 had even been built).  And to be honest I kind of miss that.  When I was in high school I drove it almost every single day and I used to ride my bike up it after school nearly every day and I never even noticed there were any dinosaur footprints.  That's because, until they decided to close off the Hogback to public transportation and turn it into a geological park/preserve, there were no signposts or fences or other enclosures saying "Here look at the prehistoric dinosaur footprints!" Yeah, they are neat to see but, and let's be honest, it's pretty much just one rock wall of footprints and that's pretty much it.  Other than that, it's just a geological point-of-interest to see how the geological fault line had pushed up what was once a flat sandy beach along the ocean floor hundreds of millions of years ago as well as a scenic hiking trail with a spectacular view of Denver from the foothills.  You can take a bus from the Visitor Center (which, btw, also never used to be there) up to the top and down the other side for $4 because, unless you are elderly, physically out of shape, or handicapped, I wouldn't recommend wasting your money on.  You can park your car at the bottom along Alameda and Rooney Road or the Visitor Center parking lot and just get out of your car and start walking up and getting some exercise.  The asphalt has been bisected for hikers to keep to the right and cyclists on the left with the occasional tour bus driving through.  There are biking trails across the rocky terrain of the foothills which are both scenic and challenging.  Oh yeah there are signs for rattlesnakes all around too (which, btw, also never used to be there when I was growing up) because somebody probably saw a rattlesnake once and now, due to liability and all that, they have to warn you that there could be rattlesnakes nearby.  I used to walk the rocky dirt trails in sandals freely and never once encountered a rattlesnake but BE AWARE!  It's a great place for hiking and biking, but don't expect Dinosaur Ridge to be Jurassic Park.  Five minutes of looking at fossilized dino footprints and you got it. Skip the Visitor's Center unless you absolutely have to have a plush Stegosaurus that you could buy at pretty much any toy store for half as much just to keep feeding the tourist dinosaur.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/25/2013,188,261,4,5,7>Sweet yelp check in deal and tasty brews = awesomesauce2nd drink is free w/ a yelp check in so I got a bloody Mary as they had a bloody Mary bar for drink #1. The bar was missing horseradish and Worcestershire, but other than that was good. For my second drink I got a big can of Eddy Line's local Raspberry Wheat - yummm! They have some fun craft brews and a healthy local selection, so that rocks.We sampled some green chili tots and some queso, both tasty.  They had flyers indicating several events (game viewing, beer pong competition, etc.), but we went after golfin and that was perfect!I would guess bar food and beers are their best offerings, but they did have a large menu and decent prices. Noooooonan's
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,9/24/2013,34,154,4,7,6>Went here for brunch for the first time and it was fantastic! Bottomless mimosas - $10 and they are BEYOND generous with the champagne! We started with the Tater Greens (green chili, prok, and cheese smothered tots) - clearly, this was a hangover meal. I had the Chicken Fried Biscuits and Gravy (w/ chicken) with gravy - it was a lot of food and delicious! My friend had The Omelet but really didn't care for it. He couldn't really say why, just wasn't quite what he had in mind I guess. We sat at the bar and the bartenders, while incredibly busy, never let our glasses stay empty for long. Continually came by to make sure we were doing okay and comp'd the omelet but not before making sure my friend wasn't going to leave hungry and asked if they could get him anything else.They do take reservations - we got there around 20 after 11 and there was a wait because of reservations coming in so we just sat at the bar. The patio is BEAUTIFUL and if we hadn't been so hungry/hangry/hungover we would have waited to sit outside but I will definitely make that the plan before summer is over. It is pretty loud inside when it fills up so if your'e looking for an intimate brunch spot, this probably isn't it. Definitely a younger crowd - not a single small child in sight. A lot of large groups and this is a good place for that.Definitely recommend!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,9/23/2013,180,496,4,9,4>What an outstanding dining experience! I have had a lot of great nights out but Old Major jumped to the top of my list after last night. My coworker went here last week for her birthday and recommended it to me. She's from Mexico City and in my opinion has excellent taste in all food, so obviously I took her recommendation and had my date make a reservation asap. The vibe in Old Major could be described as "barn chic", probably not a technical term but it works for me. The interior is covered in different woods from floor to ceiling with really cool barnyard animal art, creating a nice lofty but still cozy space. The service here was really excellent. Our server, Cody, was great, he was very attentive but not overbearing. I was most impressed by the sommelier, Ryan. I think that sometimes sommeliers get a bad rap for being snooty and pretentious but Ryan was neither of these thing. Instead he was welcoming, understanding, and extremely knowledgeable. My date and are avid wine drinkers and spent a lot of time chatting about Old Major's wine menu. Ryan surprised us by letting us try some of his favorites. It was a very nice, and delicious gesture. The food at Old Major is some of the best in Denver, at least in my humble opinion. Everything is either made in house (they have their own charcuterie room) or obtained in the most sustainable way possible. I have concluded that their house made pretzel rolls with mustard butter are my new favorite comfort food. I have had at least three cravings for them in the past 24 hours. I will be seeking medical help soon. I would recommend the cheese plate to start with in addition to the lamb. I usually think lamb is tough and tastes gamey and just "off". Not this lamb. It was melt in your mouth tender and served with cippolini onions in a tasty sauce.  For my entree I chose the seared scallops-so good! I loved the pickled and grilled mushrooms, it gave the dish a nice balance between earthy and sour flavors, a really interested combination. My date got the lamb entree which was in all honesty, to die for. It was three, maybe four cuts of lamb, I liked the belly cut the best-perfectly sweet and smoky and so tender. For dessert, get the French macaroons, they taste like the best strawberries you have ever had in a delicious meringue coating. They are very petite too so you can actually eat them after your amazing meal.I would highly recommend Old Major to anyone looking to find their new favorite restaurant. Great people, great atmosphere, and outstanding food-who could ask for anything more.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,9/22/2013,306,629,2,6,6>I think this review completes the restaurant portion of my "Streets of Southglenn" list.We finally tried Saj for takeout a few weeks ago, and enjoyed it!  The ordering method is along the lines of Subway or Chipotle-- pick your main dish and then your sides/toppings.  I had a beef/chicken sharwama combo, which is a good choice if you're undecided.  Both meats were good, but I preferred the beef.  For my sides,  I went with spicy potatoes (delicious), spicy hummus (pretty standard but tasty), baba ghanoush (one of my favorites), and falafel.  This was my first time ever having falafel so I'm far from an expert, but I thought it was tasty and I'd order it again.  My husband went with the lamb kabob and said it was great, but that the fattoush salad was a little odd.The woman working the counter was nice enough, if not particularly forthcoming when I asked for more information about the sides.  Also, the kabobs are made-to-order, which is great, but means they take about ten minutes.  They didn't warn us of that part, though, so because they made my platter first, everything was on its way to cold by the time I got home to eat it.  Next time, I'd order the kabob plate first and then wait before having them put the shawarma one together.A huge amount of their menu is or can be vegan and/or gluten free, so that's a plus, if it matters to you.  Portion sizes were huge, flavors were quite good and service was good enough-- I'll definitely be back.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/21/2013,16,201,2,11,8>I am really happy that another independent coffee shop opened up in this area, because they are few and far between! It is a small, quaint shop, with a warm ambiance, and cute decor. My latte was delicious, and the sample of apple strudel the barista brought to my table was great as well! I will be coming back for sure!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,9/20/2013,69,186,6,9,6>The sound of raindrops on the roof, the video of Brave by Sarah Bareilles, and Pizza Republica. What do these three things have in common? They are all things I fell in love with today. We stopped in to Pizza Republica before catching a show at the Denver Performing Arts Complex. It is nestled between DPAC and the convention center for the perfect downtown location. We sat on the patio because it was a beautiful, Colorado day and the patio is exquisite. It has to be the largest sidewalk patio in downtown Denver, complete with a wood burning fireplace and tv. I can't wait to try that out on a chilly night. The server suggested some wine and I couldn't resist. Since I didn't know what I wanted, he brought two tasting glasses of wine he thought I might like. Anyone who gives me wine instantly goes on my list of friends! I went with the Birillo, which is a full-bodied red. (I always combine seafood with red wine. Don't judge me.)We didn't have time to order pizza so we opted for three appetizers -- the wild mushroom ravioli, mussels, and flatbread with cheese.  The mushroom ravioli was a work of art, both in presentation and taste. The ravioli were fried which gave them a crispy, wonton texture. They were served over a bed of mushrooms with a drizzle of balsamic reduction and shavings of Parmesan. And those are three more things I fell in love with today:) But, it only gets better from here.If you like mussels, then you are going to LOVE the mussels served in a red sauce from P.R. The mussels were so meaty and fresh! The red broth was the star of the dish. It was totally drinkable followed by licking-the-bowl-able. Thank goodness it was served with grilled bread, so those wonderful juices didn't go to waste.Finally, we have the cheesy flatbread. Let's be honest. Cheese bread was one of my first loves and it will always hold a special place in my heart. P.R.'s flatbread took me back to the first time I had cheese bread. With my first bite I knew an addict had been created and I was in trouble. It took years to curb my addiction, but occasionally I slip and know that an extra long workout is in my future. Ahhh, but it was worth it!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,9/19/2013,105,416,3,6,3>My sister and I were out the other night chasing down the most incredible sunset I have ever seen in my life. Sadly we never had a good spot to get the perfect shot. We found ourselves in the Highlands and hungry so I sent a quick message to my friend. She suggested two restaurants and I immediately knew we were heading to Uncle as I'd read so much good stuff about it. We walked in and it was packed (Thursday night, 8ish) and the hostess greeted us and told us it would be a 45 minute wait. We were starving but something told us to just wait it out, thank goodness we did! The wait wound up being about 45 minutes until we were seated at the bar. I was SO happy to get the seats we did, I love being able to look into the cooking space and see what's going on. We quickly ordered the fried brussel sprouts and the pork belly buns while debating what else to order. We wound up ordering the pork belly ramen bowl (the pork belly is prepared differently in both dishes and why would one ever pass up pork belly?!) and the duck ramen bowl because it had corn & arugula in it which are two of my favorite ingredients. The appetizers came and we quickly devoured both of them. They were outstanding. The cucumber in the pork belly buns added such a nice touch of cool, crispness that I don't even know how to describe. The brussel sprouts had peanuts and some crunchy onion atop them and had we been at home the bowl would definitely had been licked. Just saying...The ramen bowls showed up and we happily tucked into those as well. I could not have been happier with my duck ramen. The meat was so tender, if you're not sure if you like duck or not just order this. It's outstanding! The corn and arugula mixed with the incredible spices and ramen noodles were out of this world. My sister and I swapped bowls half way through so we could try the other bowls. I liked the pork belly bowl but the duck one won my heart. We had no space left for dessert but they were definitely intriguing. Our server, Tom B. was great! He explained everything we needed to know, was friendly and attentive. This is my new favorite restaurant in town. I can't wait to take my husband here. Be prepared to wait. We learned that there is a wait every night of the week. But it is so so worth it, just bring a snack or come when you're not starving. Enjoy a cocktail while you wait and eat as much as you possible can while you're here!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,9/18/2013,121,458,,8,6>Gourmet pizzas for less than $10?  The ability to watch them make your pizza in front of you?  HELLS YAH!!Had the opportunity to come here on a media day and tried out the menu before the restaurant opened.  They specialize in "single" serving pizzas at a reasonable price and NO WAITING.  The place is so chic, clean, and fast but the quality is so good!  Not only is the pizza made to your order (gluten free? CHECK!) but you can add as many crazy topping as you desire. I got to try the:-Argula, truffle, mushroom pizza was so flavorful. -the "hot one" was the best.  Crunchy, spicy...I ended up taking one home to go! -3 meat: come to mama  -natural chicken pesto: the basil tasted so FRESH.  No canned at all! -green chile with bison.  AWESOME combo of meat and spice.  Love the colorado flavor!-the natural veggie: it's funny that the "healthiest" one...aka the one without meat ended up being my LEAST favorite. They also have fresh smoothies, salads, boylan sodas, etc! This place is another genius idea from the guy behind Smashburger and it's going to be a hit.  It's local, it's fast, it's organic, and it's DELICIOUS.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,9/17/2013,31,96,3,7,4>This place is great! We stumbled upon it on a trip to the eye doctor. We spent close to an hour just browsing and slowly piling our arms full of books and DVD's for $4 and under. We made the 30 minute trip from Golden in the fall of 2012 to stock up on Christmas gifts! We wound up with more gifts for us than anyone else but another trip well worth it. I enjoyed some of the $2 coffee they offer while we looked around. I recently made my third visit to this place and once again wasn't disappointed.  The staff is really friendly and they take requests for books if you don't see what you want.  They offer baskets for your shopping convenience.  There is a children's section with a small table that seemed well used the last time I was there.  It was sort of a mess of books but the shelves were stocked with children's games and board books.  I like to find the classic children's books for my own collection at used book stores and haven't come across any here. I still think this is a great place to keep a changing collection of books for your kids without spending an arm and a leg on something that will end up beat up anyway.  There are endless aisles of fiction and non-fiction and a good variety of cook books, history, travel, and magazines. A whole side of an aisle is dedicated to $4 DVD's toward the front of the store with a few CD's on the side. This place is definitely worth the drive if you feel like a book store treasure hunt! You never know what you'll wind up with!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,9/16/2013,154,335,1,15,8>I had a very solid experience here. But what is it about restaurants seating two women in the bar area? If I go out with a male friend I'm almost always seated in the restaurant but if I go out with a female friend I get seated at the bar tables half the time even if I make a reservation. Which is what happened here. Service was great, our waiter was knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. Our empty plates were removed quickly and they brought out boxes when we needed them.Food was really good. The deviled eggs were like moms, the bacon tasted rich and slightly gamey I have a feeling they made it them self or bought some great heritage stuff.The desserts were home made tasting and the perfect portion after a huge meal and very rich. Entrees were HUGE and tasty. The prime rib was perfectly cooked and came with 3 sauces. The shrimp and grits were perfectly cooked. If you are going to Southern Hospitality expect a slick take on some southern classics with rich food and large portions.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/15/2013,245,483,8,10,9>Hot diggitty dog!  I may have found a solid contender for best Chinese food east of downtown.  If you are hankering for your traditional Americanized Chinese take-out fare, they have that here.  But we stuck primarily to the "authentic" menu for our visit.  Our lineup:* Black Pepper Steak in Sizzling Plate* Salt & Pepper Calamari* Pork Belly w/ Preserved Vegetables* Szechuan Style Green Beans* Dan Dan NoodlesThe main problem coming in was that we were starving.  So we staved off hunger while waiting with pan-fried dumplings.  The dumplings had a good texture and just a little crispiness, but if you have ever been to Lao Wang on Federal, you know that these dumplings (or any dumplings in Denver) compare.  We also got edamame to appease the two-year old.  That little dude slams down edamame like a hungry hungry hippo, squeezing out the beans, holding them in front of his Grandma while exclaiming, "Wook Grammy!  Beans!"  So about the dinner...the black pepper steak could have been on any Chinese menu at any run of the mill restaurant - but this black pepper steak was truly outstanding and was the overall favorite for the group.  Tender and succulent, with a delightful gravy, the steak came paired with perfectly cooked, crisp spears of asparagus.  It was like a perfectly executed Chinese version of Steak au Poivre, without the rich cream.The salt and pepper calamari was cooked to perfection, with a nice gentle crispiness, not too much batter, an explosion of salt and pepper (duh!), and tenderness only achieved on calamari with the proper amount of finesse.  Szechuan style green beans are typically ordered only to give the impression that we are trying to eat healthy by keeping a token vegetable at the table.  This is my go-to dish at most Chinese places and, typically, most places leave those beans soaked with grease.  But not here.  These beans did not glisten with the sheen of oil.  They weren't limp like a pile of flaccid penii.  These bean held up well, cooked to perfection with a little hint of char, and a crunch that said "That was satisfying, please have another!"  In other words, the green beans were good.The pork belly w/ preserved vegetables was also quite good.  Served with a dark black sauce that was salty and tart and loaded with star anise, the pork belly was a pile of tender, juicy, super thick-cut bacon that simply melted in my mouth.  While I have better versions of the dish, I wouldn't hesitate to order Chef Liu's rendition again and again.The Dan Dan Noodles came last, but it certainly wasn't the least impressive dish.  The noodles come out looking fresh and naked with a few matchsticks of cucumber placed along the side.  Following the servers instructions to mix before serving, our noodles became lusciously bathed in a velvety and rich gravy, with little pieces of peanuts and ground pork.  The flavor was a delightful dance of garlic, ginger, soy, vinegar, and black pepper, with a subtle burn of chiles.  So you've made it to the end of my review and you're now wondering what to do.  In case it isn't obvious, you should high-tail that sweet bottom of yours over to Chef Liu's.  While I cannot guarantee the authenticity of these dishes - I can verify that everything was prepared with pride and care and I came away quite impressed with the quality here.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/14/2013,94,188,,9,5>We happened upon this place about 6 weeks ago, and I think we've been back once a week since.They have a great selection of pork, chicken, beef and even fish.  And they always have the typically elusive hanger steak.  It's become a once a week dinner for us.  They have both fresh and frozen meat options, as well as some milk, eggs and produce.  The prices are beyond reasonable, and the service is friendly.  They're almost always busy on the weekend days when we visit.  Even though we recently moved further away, it's well worth the trip to Wheat Ridge to buy our meat.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/13/2013,226,414,6,10,8>Despite only being here for drinks, I am compelled to give Jax 5 stars. Hubs and I had an incredible experience sitting on the rooftop with our buns firmly planted at the bar. Matthew was an excellent bartender and he is an expert mixologist. We happened to be there during happy hour (offered 4-6 everyday) and there are a variety of tantalizing cocktails on the menu as well great beers on tap and house wines. I started with the cucumber lemonade vodka which was really a mistake. It wasn't bad, I just didn't realize how awesome the other options were. The BANGKOK FIZZ is outrageously good. If you like spicy cocktails, you will love this drink. Jax makes their own ginger beer and it is absolutely amazing. Coming from someone who is typically not a fan, you can trust that it far exceeds any ginger beer out there. Another cocktail winner was the ARNIE. It boasts house-infused black tea vodka, but I think it is the bitters that set it apart- giving the drink an edge that prevents it from being cloying- like so many fruity drinks can be.I love that Jax does all its own infusions and of course the ginger beer. They also make a sangria that sits on tap. Drinking here is definitely a treat and a fantastic and unexpected addition to the area. City Set has it going on!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,9/12/2013,71,455,,8,5>Sometimes all there is to life is properly managing your expectations.  If you do that here, you're going to be very happy and satisfied.What you're going to get:  A "head to tail" sustainable restaurant.  That means head cheese, Foie Gras, lamb shoulder, etc.  Pricey food, over pricey wine and "cozy" seating.  What you're also going to get is some of the most carefully and meticulously prepared dishes, unique combinations of flavors, and some seriously great service.  Jese S and I came here with a 7:15 reservation on a Sunday but weren't seated until 7:45 which was kind of annoying but when they give you free wine and appetizers for your troubles, I consider us square.  They're still ironing out the wrinkles - they've only been open for a month.  We got to meet several of the managers and they were very gracious.  Our waiter was equally accommodating, he knew the menu very well and gave us some good recommendations.I had the Lamb Shoulder Ragu with a side of their Mushrooms, and the Lamb was absolutely on point.  Braised perfectly and tossed with a flat noodle and a light marinara sauce.  I did not like the mushroom side.  They were extremely rubbery, almost like eating Octopus sushi.  Jese S had a new item on the menu, a new prok sausage over fave beans with a light red sauce, she said it was very good.They have some good Moscow Mules and a healthy wine menu, and if you're okay with eating a little more casual they have a bar you can belly up to and enjoy dinner.Looking forward to eating here in the summer - they have a great patio space out in front.  Definitely recommended!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,9/11/2013,267,467,7,8,7>I'm definitely a fan of Zaidy's.  No, it is not the Carnegie or the Stage in New York or even kosher for that matter but I think the food is pretty darn good and the prices are reasonable and the portions are huge.  Hadn't been in a number of years and was really craving some chicken soup with a nice fluffy matzoh ball.  Mission accomplished.  I think I actually prefer the Bagel Deli but Zaidy's is close to home so off I went with a lady friend who knows nothing of Jewish cooking and she loved it. They bring you a plate with some great pickles and sauerkraut while you're waiting for your soup.  She had the mushroom barley which she liked very much and I loved my chicken soup - the matzoh ball was not heavy at all.Then we shared a latke reuben - more than enough to share with some tasty cole slaw on the side.  The latkes were crisp and totally delish and the pastrami was oh so tender and not too fatty.  Perfect lunch for $22 plus tip - such a deal.Snagged a couple of black and whites on the way out.  My only criticism was our server was pretty brusque and rushed us but we are not about to be rushed - too bad sistah.  She brought the entree before we had even had a chance to make it half way through our soup and then immediately dropped the check saying that she was leaving.  OK - bye - have a nice day.  Finally, another waitress picked up the slack and closed us out after we had licked our plates clean.  Food this good you don't waste.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,9/10/2013,133,530,1,7,7>This was my first experience at Civic Center Eats and what an awesome idea! Tuesdays and Thursdays are good days to do this and venture down to Civic Center. Pinche Taco, Mythos Greek, and so many other healthy fresh choices to choose from. After I hit the ATM (convenient but a $3.95 FEE) I thought it was going to be Pinche Taco but Mythos Greek caught my eye and it had to be done. I need to try a little bit of everything that there is to choose from next time. Too hard to decide what to get!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,9/9/2013,310,333,,9,8>City Grille is the undisputed king of self-promotion when it comes to burgers. They have a giant banner above the door to their restaurant that reads "The Best Burger In Denver". They've won dozens of awards from magazines, websites, and newspapers since 1999, and most recently won 5280 Magazine's "Best Burger In Denver" award in 2011. And all of those kind words and accolades are on display everywhere you turn both inside and outside of the restaurant. When all you see are literally a 25 signs extolling the virtues of a burger you are about to eat, you're pretty much expecting the best freaking thing to ever touch your lips, right?? I mean, the hype and build up to ordering and waiting for this burger to arrive are at an all time high.The heightened expectation has already set in, so the only place for the City Grille burger to go is down of course. Luckily, knowledge is power so after feeling the effects of the raised expectations starting to set in I was able to rein in any biased judgement. And taste is also power, which City Grille has a ton of. I went with the regular burger, which is a 1/2 lb. sirloin patty. I added cheddar cheese and it came dressed with lettuce, tomato, and red onion. Served with fries it topped out at $11. Two things I noted immediately upon its arrival in front of my salivating mug: the bun, which was was sort of a triangular cut of ciabatta bread (totally unexpected), and then a pile of stewed/cooked onions sitting there next to fries. These onions were a godsend, and exactly how I like to cook my onions at home (low and slow with a shit ton of butter). I was a little skeptical of the bread, but I fell in love with it by the end of the burger. It was thick and spongy, and really held up nicely to the ridiculously juicy burger patty. It was cooked exceptionally well, and provided a truly classic burger taste.Bonus: Sit at the bar if you can, and chat with the bartender (and possible/probably owner methinks). If it's your first time, he'll hook you up with a cup of their green chile, which may even be one of the best in Denver. It's that good.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,9/8/2013,53,127,,10,6>I recently made another trip to the Colorado Cider Company and as much as I enjoyed it the first time, the second time was that much more impressive. Not only has the tap list expanded, but it has improved that much more. The four original ciders are still there and they are as good as ever, my personal favorite still being the honey and herb cider known as Pome Mel. But the newest additions have made this place even more desirable. The new Pearsnickity is a great pear cider, and most recently the Uvana is something so unique that you will only find it here. A cider mixed with wine grapes that is fermented, but not carbonated so it drinks more like a wine with a nice tartness of apples. This place continues to exceed my expectations and with the original ciders as good as ever and all the new ones it is a business I will continue to go back to in anticipation of what they are brewing next.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,9/7/2013,58,180,,6,6>Yelp introduced me to Skoops, but its description of "Ice Cream & More" brought me there last Saturday afternoon!  And I must say, I was pleasantly surprised!  Skoops shares a spot on 9th Avenue, a tree-lined street in Capital Hill/Cheeseman Park area, with a coffee shop and hair salon.  The parking is limited in front of the building itself, but it's not impossible to find.  Upon entering Skoops, you're greeted with a cute seating area to the right and massive utensils on the wall alongside a fun floral chalkboard advertising the daily specials. Super cute!  The line seemed to move quickly - thanks to Square.  Although I can't say I don't mind the section during checkout that asks to input a tip... because I do!  How awkward!  Not that the ladies don't deserve a tip, but I stand in line, give you my order, I get my water & utensils, you bring out the food, but I bring it back in.. I ordered the Pesto & Mint Tuna Salad!  I requested it as a Panini with melted Pepper Jack Cheese... WOW!  It was so delicious and simple!  Just tuna, mayo, apricots, mint, and pesto on bread with pepperjack cheese. I also tried the Curry Chicken Salad, which I will likely have next!  It is made with yogurt, curry spices, and your typical chicken salad mix.  So interesting! Overall, I had a great lunch date at Skoops!  When you go, you must sit on the cute bench table on the patio!  I will upload a picture so you can see how darling it is! :)
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/6/2013,2089,519,9,11,11>WOW, kiddie entertainment!I honestly think 5-stars is a bit pushing it but I see what they are raving about. I personally give this place a solid 3.5 for effort and making learning fun. I've been to many places like this before and the set up here isn't the very best I've seen but it is what it is with the donations and funding. Why I love it:The kids had a blast! They enjoyed each section and being able to play with the other kids. They would run around this place all day long if they were in charge and could have at it as they please. Great ideas and concepts.Why I didn't give them more star power (credit):The staff I've encountered today was kind but I think they are over being around kids. I'm not sure if they are volunteers or how the staffing works, but I think training to be more personable and kid oriented would help these ladies out a lot. They also need 1 or 2 people roaming the floor to do some minor straightening out and monitoring some stations as many places were unorganized. A little guidance for a few stations via person or better directions on signage would have helped as well (bubbles/wind/store/etc). I love the general idea of WOW! My kids had fun with everything offered. I guess better staff demeanor and interaction with guests would make this place even better.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,9/5/2013,80,136,6,10,8>Nitrogen infused Old Chub - swag!Beer battered onion rings - what's not to love?Had the bison burger - felt virtuous as well as satisfied.That ginger ketchup had it own cheering section.Look out for the beer, tho - had just two cause one was way too wonderful, the ride home was well, dreamy.  Old Chub is great on its own but the nitro makes it smooth as silk and I think about 10% alc.Ambiance - comfortable; staff - attentive.  I'd call it family friendly cause there were high chairs there but the kids were all in the arcade room and the bar was filled with singles.  I think they're going to have to expand this location pronto.No problem parking...yet... and the place was almost full when we got there.  S.O. ordered while I grabbed a place for 3.  You order right when you go in and then get a table stand with a number on it.  I'm taking my beer loving, burger eating friends back next week.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/4/2013,45,316,9,2,2>So I've never had a chance to go by Anna's cart on the 16th street mall but recently had the opportunity to swing by the B&M storefront. They have very good food and it's even better considering the price.This is the first place where I've seen the thai iced tea served in gigantic beer mugs. I don't even see beer mugs this big at bars. Ice to the top, hot tea 1/2 way, condensed milk for the rest and then two cups of sugar. This might be what sends me over the Type 2 edge.For the appetizers, avoid the dumplings. They're the store bought frozen variety. Specifically they're korean type frozen dumplings that have the rice noodles inside. Not that great when deep fried. The cheeze wontons are delicious but it's also pretty damn hard to mess up deep fried cream cheese.The papaya salad was really good and made with green papaya as it should be. However as far as heat goes, on "nice" level it was far worse than the pad thai on "medium". It's a good amount of heat but expect for it to linger.How the kitchen is setup, Anna cooks all the food and does it sequentially. All dishes are cooked one after the other. Anna is the only cook and she has two helpers to serve, make drinks, and bus dishes.They're cash only.Of note, there is a hilarious sign of things to not do in the restaurant. I've transcribed it for your reading pleasure and edification. There are no typos below, this is how it appears.TO ALL VALUED CUSTOMERPlease Read these... will start from today.These are things that have happened and customers complain that there is no sign.So... today I will make this sign as below.Please know that I very appreciate your business,AnnaTHINGS NOT ALLOWED TO DO IN THIS RESTAURANT1. Make anyone who works in this restaurant feel uncomfortable to work.2. To not pay for your food and drink.3. Pay be counterfeit money or check or plastic card.4. Parties of more than 4 people.5. Bring food6. Bring drink.7. Tiger or lion (elephant will be fine.)8. playground9. Yelling10. Crying11. Screaming12. Running13. Jumping14. Skating15. Throwing balls16. Sitting under the table17. Throwing rice over on and under the table and on the floor.18. Standing on the chair or table or bar stool and jumping19. Make excessive music from the table with chopstick or fork or spoon or with your mobile phone.20. Make finger painting on the table with chili sauce21. Making flowers or birds from all napkin on the table22. Making excessive music from the bells in the entrance door.23. Breaking all toothpicks on the table in half then throwing on the table and floor24. Tearing the napkins on the table until they run out.25. Put your baby basket on the bar stood and then go to the bathroom.26. Take  all napkins from the napkin holder at one time to put on your empty plate.27. Take out all straw covers or chopsticks. Don't uses, and then put on the table and floor for fun.28...............................29...............................30...............................31...............................32...............................33...............................34...............................35...............................
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,9/3/2013,77,244,6,8,4>Uff. So good, I can't even stand it.Such a cute place, ambiance coming out of its ears. Delightful, enthusiastic, attentive service. Food so good, definitely one of the best dinners I've had in Denver.Now, my dinner would have been better if the woman sitting next to us weren't telling disgusting stories to her friends about, well, never mind. But if I can enjoy my dinner after hearing that, it's kind of a miracle.Loved. Loved. Will be back.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,9/2/2013,55,298,3,14,8>This is a gorgeous hike.  My boyfriend and I ventured out here on a cool late winter morning for a short hike.  We were the only one on the hike minus a guy and his husky.  The lake was frozen over and my boyfriend and I had a great time sliding about its glassy surface.  We hiked about halfway up the glacier to enjoy the spectacular views.  Needless to say, it was quite peaceful and beautiful.To get here, you take I-70W to exit 238 for Fall River Rd.  Look at your odometer and follow Fall River Rd for about 9 miles.  The trailhead will appear on your left.  The parking lot is about 100 yds beyond the trailhead.  You'll see a large lot with bathrooms and a service fee station.  Parking is $5/day.Please respect the private land and the natural environment.  Pack in, pack out.  Leave the area clean and pristine for others to enjoy.  (I don't want to see other people's trash when I'm hiking)The hike is about 1.5 miles roundtrip, which is very easy.  However, the trail is rocky and can be snowy/icy in the winter.  Take care and be mindful of your own skills and abilities.For flatlanders (those residing at or near sea level) like myself, remember to bring LOTS of water as altitude sickness can worsen during strenuous activity.  Altitude sickness can affect people in different ways so just be aware of your own body.Logistics aside, this short hike is fabulous if you're just looking for something to do outside on a nice day.  I would love to hike up with my skis and ski down the glacier some time.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,9/1/2013,46,120,2,8,5>Can't believe how some of the reviews for this place are so critical of prices, portions, crowdedness...it's a BUFFET, people. Not sure what you thought that entailed, but for future diners reading this: it's a buffet. In case that wasn't abundantly clear.Service was lovely, had a very nice waiter who was super on-the-ball with refills, clearing plates, and recommendations.Had the spaghetti with marinara sauce, because I like to test any Italian place to see how they do their marinara because so many seem to put zero effort into it. This marinara sauce here was flavorful and delicious, even if the noodles were drowning in it a bit. It had a nice kick to it and was a pleasant surprise. The breadsticks were also hot and fresh.Everything was laid out and made fresh, though the place is HUGE and it's kind of intimidating when you're wandering around looking at what to eat. Still, everyone is friendly and willing to help you find what you're looking for.Overall? Not fine Italian dining, but still delicious and the service is great. Definitely a must-visit for big families, sports groups, or two really hungry adults on a date.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,8/31/2013,33,107,2,10,3>I've been going to this dog park for two years. Let me start of by listing my only complaint about this dog park--there's hardly any grass. The park isn't that old, maybe three or four years. I've heard from people who have lived in the area for awhile that it use to have grass and they would ask people, with a sign, not to use one of the sides so the grass could recover from all the puppies running around on top of it. Apparently, people ignored this and there is no longer any soft grass for the dogs. That's ok though. My puppy (she's 2), loves this dog park. She always gets excited when we're on our way there. It is on the down slope of Green Mountain. If your dog likes to play fetch, I recommend going to the bottom of the hill and throwing the stick/ball/whatever they're chasing up the hill. They tucker out faster. If you are disinclined to walk down the hill and back up, you're lazy. Get off your butt and play with your dog. Dogs like to play and they REALLY like to play with their owners. If you don't want to play with your own dog, I recommend you rehome the poor thing. Too often I see owners sitting there while their dog is trying to engage them in play and the owner couldn't care less. Seriously? Play with your dog. They're companions, not trophies. Saturdays and Sundays there's tons of other dogs to play with. During the weekday it kind of depends on what time you show up. My dog and I usually go earlier in the morning on weekdays (7 or 8am) and there usually aren't other dogs there. Another pro of the park is that there is agility training equipment at the bottom of one of the sections. I have rarely ever had problems with aggression in other dogs at this park. There are several dogs that frequent the park who are aggressive and their owners do not care.One in particular is named Gracie and she is a mutt that has the coloring of a German shepherd or rottweiler. She ALWAYS tries to rip my dog's throat out and the owners couldn't give a shit. My dog is inherently friendly and loves everyone, people and dogs alike. She's trained as a therapy dog and is quite nice. So there's no way it's my dog that's the problem. Whenever I see Gracie there, I go to the other side. There is also a man who has a Australian shepherd mix who isn't socialized properly. This dog will start off playing nicely, but things usually tend to get aggressive pretty quickly, especially if there's a toy involved. The third dog I've ever had a problem with is a black Great Dane who, for some reason, hates my dog. Both dogs get alone with other dogs excellently. When they go to sniff each other, the Great Dane usually ends up attacking my dog. So, out of all the hundreds of dogs my dog has interacted with over the two years that I've been taking her to this park, there have been three dogs that have been problems. That's much better than any other dog park I've ever been to. No matter what dog park you decide to take your dog to, please exercise caution when introducing your dog to new dogs. You can never know how dogs will react to each other. If your dog does get in a fight, please, have you and the other owner pick up the dog's hind legs and pull both dogs away from each other. This prevents YOU from getting bitten by one of the dogs.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,8/30/2013,155,280,8,8,8>$3 Margaritas.$3 made from scratch Margaritas...flowing from one of those old-fashioned orange juice contraptions, you see through to the inside bubble, the margaritas flow up, run down the inside, flow back through...and you think...naw, pre-made mix.Oh, but then you see it. Right before your own eyes, the bartender comes over, pops the lid, grabs 6 bottles of tequila (3 in each hand for you non-math majors) and starts to pour them (all) into that contraption.$3 Margaritas.$3 made from scratch Margaritas...sorry, made myself thirsty.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,8/29/2013,560,980,16,14,21>With apologies to Madonna . . . ."Frasca Virgin"I made it all the way up to BoulderSomehow I made it throughDidn't know what true taste wasUntil I dined at youI was beat, incompleteI'd been had, I was sad and blueBut you made me feelYeah, you made me feelShiny and newFrasca virginWonderful food and wineFrasca virginWhen your meals areSo divineGonna give you all my cash, boyMy hunger is fading fastBeen saving it up for you'Cause only flavor can lastFour courses? Fine, all mine!Make me full, yes I am soldOh your plates rolled outYeah, your plates rolled outLoved the hot and the coldFrasca virginWonderful food and wineFrasca virginWhen your meals areSo divineFrasca virgin, ooh, ooh--------------------------------We had been planning this meal excursion/adventure for quite some time.  We started with the Frico Caldo.  Or as I like to think of it, the cheesy, crispy, potato cake of the gods.  Very nice, and they even had the foresight to cut it into five easy pieces.  This was followed by a superb meat plate of Prosciutto di San Daniele Riserva, Friuli, Italy; Speck, Alto Adige, Italy; Finochietta, Salumeria Biellese, New York, NY Served with "Rafano" and "Grissini".  There were so very many wonderful pieces of cured meats on this plate.I started my Prix Fixe dining journey with the Antipasti of "Tartare di Antilope" (Broken Arrow Ranch Antelope, Pistachio, Smoked Cherry and Casaliva Olive Oil.) (I had them put the roe on the side, so it did not touch my other food and I had no trouble passing this off to another eager dining companion).  The tartare was perfect.  The scattering of other flavor enhancers on the plate worked beautifully.  This was light and delicate and a nice way to start the four courses.My Primi was the "Tortelloni" (Cure Farm Fava Bean, Lamb Sausage, Spring Onion and Mint).  This was good, but was probably my least favorite course.  The pasta was nice, the sauce was rich, and the spring onion bits were some of the best things I had all night.  However, the sausage seemed a tad dense and overly mild.My Secondi was the "Agnello" (Boulder Lamb, Cure Farm Cauliflower, Curry, Almond and Champagne Grape).  If my lamb could always be this good, I would order it much more frequently.  It was very tender, not the slightest bit gamey, richly delicious, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The crispy pieces or cauliflower were a great contrast and intensely flavorful.My dessert (Dolci) was the Torta di Olio di Oliva (Meringue, Ligurian Olive Oil Cake, Raspberry, Blackberry, Blueberry and Zabaglione).  Great flavor and texture.  The tart berries on the side cut the richness of the cake perfectly.Finally (well, firstly and somewhere in the middle) I had two exquisite and potent cocktails.  The Planter's Punch (Suerte Tequila, Cocchi Americano, Pineapple Gomme Syrup, Lemon Juice & Absinthe).  And the Old Tom Smash (Ransom Old Tom Gin, Yellow Chartreuse, Nonino Amaro, Fresh Strawberry, Lemon Juice& Rhubarb Syrup).  Both were expertly prepared and strongly flavored.This meal was expensive.  This meal was also totally worth the cost.  I would, without reservation, recommend this restaurant to any lover of food.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,8/28/2013,74,201,1,5,6>DDD is stellar. The bar car is a great little venue too. I tried the deep dish bacon / goat cheese & the spinach and sausage yesterday. I washed them down with Dry Dock IPA. Impressive all the way around, food, drink & service. DDD and Kaos are my go to pizza places.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,8/27/2013,163,177,,6,8>I brought the hubby here to experience a cooking demo at the end of January and we had a great time!  We learned how to brine anything, how to make a Hollandaise that won't break, and how to whip and fold egg whites into submission.  At the end of the demos, we were treated to a fantastic meal of rosemary and honey brined pork chops and chocolate lava cakes for dessert - YUM!  That, plus the warm and inviting atmosphere, friendly professional service, and fun interactive cooking demos all added up to a perfect date night!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,8/26/2013,29,129,1,8,6>Great selection of fresh spices! I find it impossible to visit this store without buying an armful of spices to try. The staff are always very friendly and helpful. I just found out at my last visit that you can refill bottles for $1 cheaper than the bottle price (you don't even have to bring the bottle in - just mention that you are refilling a bottle). If you aren't sure about buying a whole bottle, you can also get them to measure out any quantity into a bag for you. Be sure to pick up some of the recipe cards found around the store for inspiration. Their Green Curry is one of our favorites! This is a great local business that we're happy to support.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,8/25/2013,174,249,,7,5>I absolutely love everything about Vert Kitchen - from the cozy and chill atmosphere to the primo delicious foodstuffs they are serving here. This past trip, I had the pleasure of eating the pulled pork sandwich accompanied with a fantastic roasted tomato soup. My partner also went with the pulled pork, but decided on the pasta salad - which was also a good choice. To drink I ordered an orange San Palligrino soda, which may be new because I hadn't seen them there before. In any case, the soda was also quite tasty and made my afternoon that much better!If you are in the area and looking for a great spot for lunch, look no further.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/24/2013,221,525,5,5,5>Great Product + Great Service = Ice Cream Heaven. When I got the description of the ingredients in "Goin Postal" I couldn't have been more hooked. "What's in Goin Postal?  A: Peanuts, Walnuts, ....basically completely nuts..." He waited to watch the light bulb go off in my head. Good names, and even better ice cream. I rank this one with Bonnie Brae and Humphry Slocombe as my top 3 in the US.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,8/23/2013,138,353,4,6,4>What a wonderful place. The taphouse is excellent, though chances are you won't really see it because A: it'll be packed and B: you should sit outside because it's nice out. Plethora of beers. Avery does a great job of always having beers on tap that range from sessionable staples to out-there creations that slalom back and forth between palate pleasing and mildly questionable. It's a place where beer afficianados and beer n00bs (I was gonna combine beer n00bs for a fun "brangelina" type nickname, but the only acceptable combo is b00bs, and...well... I also thought about saying brew n00bs which becomes br00bs, and that isn't a ton better. I digress) can join together and have excellent beer while socializing. They have food, sort of. There's a place across the way that cooks it, and they'll bring it over for you. Lots of tasty vittles, great options, and a tremendous beer menu. All in all it's a fantastic place to be. You SHOULD go here.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/22/2013,164,180,3,9,5>I just saw some patrons leaving with a pit barbecue. My mouth watered when I saw it and wished I could go home with them. Instead I got my one piece of delicious lamb chop, one piece of beautiful king salmon, and one fat juicy scallop. Next time I might try the blueberry duck sausage or Colorado wild flower honey or maybe the homemade frozen green chile. And my pops will get some elk or buffalo or quail. I love this place! Show them some love.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,8/21/2013,204,522,1,11,5>Okay, so the atmosphere is lacking, the service wasn't very good, and a couple of the dishes were disappointing, but you should run, not walk, to Star Kitchen.  Why?  To get what must be one of the best dishes in Denver -- the House Special Lobster.  It's addictive!  You get two lobsters for "market price" ($28 last night).  The lobster is superb as is the sauce.Skip the Fish Fillet in Black Bean Sauce.  It was nothing special.Skip the Baby Pork Ribs with Bitter Melon.  The bitter melon was really bitter/inedible, and there was very little meat and what there was was in small pieces.I'll be putting that house special lobster on my birthday dinner wish list!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,8/20/2013,185,459,13,10,6>SWEET SONUVA MONKEY SPANK!!  JALAPENO BACON!!  ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME?!Ahem.  Mighty fine breakfast over here folks.  In fact, I'm hesitant to write a good review as I'm afraid it will make more of you come here thus crowding my new favorite breakfast spot.  Watch it, Readers...Now then, on to the good stuff.  I saw jalapeno bacon on the menu and was just going to order a pound of that, but I perused further just for fun.  I was originally in the mood for a burrito, but when I laid mine eyes upon yon chorizo scramble, verily, I wast possessed of a mind to partake.  (And, apparently, to speak Shakespearean for a moment.)  Ergo (I'm done now) I ordered it.  Matt went with the egg white fritatta with bacon.  Our plates arrived in good time, and mine was loaded with potato cakes, wheat toast, a generous amount of the aforementioned scramble, and a very large slice of fresh pineapple.  Four slices of jalapeno bacon which very well have been the tastiest thing I've ever put in my mouth rounded off my meal.  Oh, and the mimosa I ordered turned out to be bottomless, so if I hadn't walked in happy I still would have left that way. There was a lad in the corner (Yep, I said "lad".  I'm bringing it back.)  playing guitar while we ate, kind of a nice little touch.  I thought the potato cakes were great, and a nice little variation from home fries and such.  They also boast a pretty decent bar.We were really glad we came here, and I cannot wait to go back, there was nothing bad in my first excursion at all!Cheers!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,8/19/2013,220,1215,8,9,9>Step 1 - You need to know it exists - guess you do if you are reading thisStep 2 - You need to know how to find it- find Swing Thai, go behind Swing Thai to the alley - look right Step 3 - Go inside and say hello to craig and enjoy what he has brewed for you!We did a full tasting, i'm not really a hoppy type of gal but there were a lot that i did like. Especially the pumpkin one and i hate pumpkin - how weird!The free popcorn was a nice touch, and getting to chat with Craig was truly a pleasure!FYI - the staff is currently all good friends (working for free) of the owner/brewer - so appreciate the loyalty and enjoy the service for what it is!The only bad thing is how many people bring babies into a tap room. Go early to avoid that part - go figure!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,8/18/2013,133,398,14,13,10>Donuts! What more needs to be said? Well, get here early because they do run out of items pretty quickly. I arrived here today (Friday), probably one of their most popular days, around 8:45 am and there were quite a few people ahead of me, patiently waiting. I was worried that they would run out of donuts, but it all worked out. There was a huge variety of donuts, from the regular and chocolate glazed donuts, plain and glazed old-fashioned, raspberry or plain glazed French crullers, bear claws, cake donuts with sprinkles, maple glazes and anything else your heart desires. The specialty donuts and flavors were mostly gone, but I managed to snag a lemon zest donut that looked like a glazed donut with lemon filling and topped with lemon zest. I pronounce it delicious!Prices were reasonable. I think I purchased 18-20 donuts for $16 with tax. This donut shop is located near Dayton & Arapahoe in a strip mall shopping center and is open from 5A-11 A. They also serve coffee here, but not sure if it was just drip coffee. They didn't appear to have fancy coffee, if that's your bag. They also threw in some donut holes too, which was just icing on the ca . .  err, donut. :-)
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/15/2013,208,396,9,11,14>This was the second, and my favorite, stop on our taco tour.  First of all, tacos are only 99 cents!  And, they didn't skimp on the meat.  Pacing myself, I again only ordered one taco.  This time I went with the asada.  The beef was flavorful.  And, I really like that you can help yourself to whatever fixings you would like from their sauce bar.  I was a big fan of the avocado sauce.  Some of their other sauces were a bit too spicy for this white girl, but I enjoyed them in small doses.  The other added bonus is that they brought chips to our table.  The chips were fantastic, again with your choice of sauces from the bar.  In fact, I ate so many chips that I was too stuffed to order a taco from our last stop.  You definitely get your bang for your buck here!  And, the staff were very friendly as well.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,8/14/2013,186,551,12,9,11>This place is still bomb.  Not that I went here before it wasn't bomb.  In fact, this was my first visit there, but I had a tad bit of trepidation knowing the head chef that built up the restaurant's reputation wasn't there any longer.  So, we had a large gathering for Lady Claudia's birthday dinner and started off sharing deep fried cheese curds, (duh, it's ME!) crab mac and cheese, (hello, it's ME!) and pork belly. (yup, still me)  The cheese curds were very good - not my favs in town, but they easily grabbed second place.  If I had any complaints it was that they were a tiny bit too salty for my discerning cheese curd palate.  I grew up on these damn fried things, but these were hellagood.  Crab mac and cheese was a conflicting dish for me because um...just had mac and cheese at Highland Tap which was awesome.  Central's mac and cheese is awesomer.  I might even go so far as saying it's awesomest.  The crab was so damn fresh, the cheese had just the right tang and the bechemal was not too soupy.  Pork belly is typically one of my favorites, but I wasn't a huge fan of this app.  The sauce added very little from a flavor perspective, although it did add a little moisture.  Overall I'd skip this dish in the future. (but I'll probably give it one more try)  The salads that accompanied the apps was incredible.  These cats know how to make vinaigrettes with just the right amount of acidity and flavor to dress up the greens and veggies.  I could have just eaten the salads, they were that good.I had the Pork Loin for an entree which also was delicious, like crazy delicious.  It was cooked to perfection as was the seasoning, and the grits were some of the best I've had.  The sauce was delicious, comprised of ham and peas.  This is just a well thought out entree that was executed dare I say perfectly.For dessert, I chose the Apple Crumble primarily because I wanted the lemon ice cream.  It was merely decent, although the ice cream was great.  Others at the table had the Nutella Waffle and raved about it while still others had the Mud Pie and raved even longer and harder about it.Service was great - really freakin good, especially considering we had a monster table and I just don't get people bitching about the "HOT" sign above the kitchen.  I was facing it and rarely noticed it unless I directly looked at it.  You know how you spend the entire evening at dinner looking at the stuff above the kitchen at the restaurant you go to? (Exactly...)
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,8/13/2013,476,701,6,6,9>I've been waiting for them to open for a while. I was afraid that their close proximity to the wastewater treatment facility across Ralston would be a problem. Didn't notice it at all. I do hope they read their Yelp reviews because they have the potential to be very popular. I too enjoyed the flaovrs but did notice there was not a glass with a head of foam on it in the joint. That is a problem. Mouth feel is as important to me in a beer as the esthetics of a nicely topped beer followed by lovely lacing on a glass as the beer is consumed. Snobbery? Yeah probably but with all the new  breweries in town and the other's opening soon, You have to please snobs too!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,8/12/2013,285,768,,8,9>I love that in Denver I can go from fine dining to places like The Bagel. The Bagel is so laid back and the food is fantastic.  You really can't beat it. From the moment I sat down to the moment I walked out the door I felt relaxed and well taken care of.   I enjoyed the lox and egg platter with an onion bagel. They make all of the cream cheeses in house.  What I enjoyed the most was the matzo ball soup.  I got it with noodles and matzo balls. It was so warm and delicious. I was coming down with a cold and it's the main reason we went to the Bagel.  The broth is perfection. I took a quart home and ate it up quickly. The matzo balls have amazing flavor. This is the best soup ever, especially when you aren't feeling good. It's like a big hug from mom, when mom's 2,000 miles away. I have been back for quarts of soup since then, they have them in the small grocery on the side of the diner.  It's worth the price and you can freeze it, that's how it comes.  I want to explore the menu more in the future.  I look forward to going to the Bagel for a meal again, preferably after a long, hard day at work because this is one of the most chill places you can go to get some great food and relax.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/11/2013,315,429,5,7,7>Now, believe it or not, but sometimes this beer lover has had enough beer.  Really, it's absolutely true.  And sometimes, she still wants to go out and have some fun with a drink in hand.  Cue Mile High Spirits!I've had MHS on my radar for ages, but as stated above, beer is usually my go-to.  So when the mood hit that I just wanted some whiskey or vodka, MHS popped into my head!  Wah bam!  And thankfully, Steve A felt the same way.  Time for an adventure in spirits!Mile High Spirits is located on that slightly weird stretch of Larmier that contains the Matchbox and Our Mutual Friend.  (It's getting less weird the more I visit, I promise, but it still feels like no man's land to me!)  Plenty of parking is to be found if you simply take a few laps around the blocks, so never fear!  Steve and I arrived pretty late on a Saturday night, so MHS was rockin'!  You couldn't see it from the street, but you could clearly heard the party happening inside.  Upon entering, I loved the vibe:  Wide open room with plenty of gathering areas include many comfy couches as well as bars along the walls to sidle up to and chat around.  We took a quick peek at the "yard" as well, which was full of games like cornhole, if that's what Denverites call it.  This will be a cool spot to check out during warm summer nights.After surveying the landscape, we made our way over to the ridiculously overcrowded bar area.  If I wasn't so intent on having some whiskey, I probably would have been irritated by the wait, which was about three or four people deep, with only three bartenders.  Usually three would be more than enough, but it just wasn't cutting it on our visit.  In any case, after finally squeezing our way in and grabbing the attention of one of the bartenders, we ordered up some ginger and whiskeys as well as a shot of the black cherry bourbon (which was free with a Foursquare Check-in...any Yelp deals in the works?).  Wow!  The latter was amazing!  It's been awhile since I ventured into spirits, so it was definitely a refreshing burn down the ol' gullet.  The whiskey was a refreshing change from a craft brew!  Overall, I really dug this place.  It's a bit out of the way for me, but I'm up for a drive if a little fun and adventure is involved.  And Mile High Spirits offers something different in Denver.  Now, don't get me wrong, I'll still be visiting all of my favorite breweries, but when the mood for a spirit strikes, Mile High Spirits is where I'll be heading!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/10/2013,331,569,20,22,27>I'm one of the terrible few who does not find newborns cute. I'm the person who stumbles over her words when I say, "Wow, look at all that hair" because I simply can't muster an, "Aww, s/he is adorable."...and then Black Shirt Brewing was born.They're not even a year old and this baby brewery is damn near perfect.  Trust me, I'm not a relative, so I don't *have* to say that.  It's just the truth; I'm smitten.   BSB squashed my preconceived notion of what a red ale is or isn't.  I entered their brewery as an unbeliever assuming they had pigeonholed themselves into a restrictive niche, but I was so wrong.  They're churning out incredibly creative ales from a Red Saison to a Red Porter and Red IPAs.  Everything I have tasted is delicious.The beauty of BSB goes beyond just their ales.  The owners, a family unit, are people that you want to support.  They're very friendly and if I was to judge them by the music they play and the sleek, salvaged look of their taproom, they're very cool, too.Since the husband and I are in the early, early, early stages of planning our own someday brewery, we tend to do a lot of brewery hopping, err, I mean, research.  However, I no longer want to hop from craft brewery to craft brewery on the weekends because BSB has everything I'm looking for.  Welcome to the Colorado craft beer family, BSB, you beautiful baby brewery.  Really, I mean it.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,8/9/2013,389,548,,15,15>Nicer dining that feels like it was made for me.As a huge Crema fan, I almost went through the roof when I learned that the guys behind it were opening a restaurant in the defunct Garden Spot Cafe space with it's oh-so-alluring looking patio.  I can't say why I didn't make it out sooner (I live six blocks away), but the wait to have The Populist as my birthday dinner was worth it.As I mentioned, it's nicer dining but it didn't feel stuffy to me in any way or like the see-and-be-seen-rooftop-bar-get-soused restaurants opening closer to the ballpark area on Larimer.  It fits in perfectly with what is now being referred to as Upper Larimer and all of the artisan makers (OMF, Denver Seitan Co, Ritual Chocolate, Huckleberry Roasters, IMT, etc) that make this part of Larimer so great.The menu is designed for sharing and is one of the few places with such a menu that feels truly shareable.  They also list dishes in ascending order based on price and size.  The menu is on the smaller side, but has a nice variety of vegetable dishes ranging from light and small to substantial.  Mom and I started with the apple and parsnip soup.  It was smooth, slightly sweet, and rich, poured into two bowls with a dollop of jalapeno jelly in each.  Our next course was the curried chickpea salad.  This is a dish I could gladly eat every day for lunch.  It had a bright green yogurt curry sauce and a very clean taste.  This was followed by carrots three ways: charred/pureed, sweet and roasted, and raw, marinated ribbons.  A little scoop of chive mascarpone accompanied the dish and served as a nice, creamy contrast to the sweetness of the carrots.  At mom's request, we also got the bacon and egg.  As a non-bacon eater, I was still able to dip pieces of grilled bread into the (as advertised) perfectly poached egg (and rightly so).  The egg was served atop a bacon jam for those who're into that.Our main was the huitlacoche agnolotti.  The huitlacoche (billed as "Mexican truffle" but is just corn fungus) is blended into a creamy puree and served with beurre blanc, corn, and shavings of cheese.  It was a perfect main course, enough to finish between the two of us (me comfortably, and mom not-so-comfortably).Despite being full, we couldn't turn down dessert as we were both drawn to the honey and thyme custard.  Luckily, the dessert was just the right size so as not to feel like a complete glutton and it came with orange fennel sorbet and a salty, crunchy almond brittle.I think what I enjoyed most were the punches of herbs and spices in each dish.  Not overpowering, but appropriate and different.  From the cardamom roasted carrots, to custard with thyme and sorbet with fennel, to a bright curry sauce, this was like a dream menu to me.They have a happy hour (5-7), and it's mainly selected smaller portions (the bar type foods on the menu) at smaller prices and a few specially priced cocktails.  The wine list is short, but eclectic.  I had an HH priced glass of white wine from Macedonia, very similar to a Sauv Blanc.  Mom had an HH vodka tonic (tonic is housemade).While not an every weekday type of dinner place, the prices were not terrible at all.  We shared five dishes and dessert, each enjoyed a drink, and mom had an espresso and it was just shy of $70, pre-tip.Our server was fantastic and personable, offering great advice on dishes and drinks and managing to be present but not intrusive.Beyond a fitting birthday dinner.  This place is a keeper.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,8/8/2013,809,1185,10,9,11>SLIF!!!  (Sorry Liver It's Friday)Did you know that every Wednesday Cucina Colore flips their wine list and needs to push out the wine offerings from the previous week so 50-70 bottles of wine are half off, yes that's right I said it, 50% off!  On this Friday, it just so happened that they didn't get rid of enough wine of Wednesday so we got to benefit from this deal yet again.  BONUS!We decided on the Coppola-2009 Rubicon.  I'm not much of a wine connoisseur but I know what I like and I really liked this bottle.  As I learn the lingo, this wine really opened up as we leisurely enjoyed it in the lounge.  The lounge is first come first serve and tends to fill up quickly, so get a seat early.  You can also do dinner in the lounge area if you like as well.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,8/7/2013,50,73,6,5,9>You know that blurb in your profile asking what your last meal will be? Mine will involve a bucket of Pablo's coffee. The first time I had Pablo's coffee I was at Steuben's. I asked the server what kind of coffee I was drinking because it was the best I'd ever had and she told me it was Danger Monkey (yes, that's a name of a blend) by Pablo's. I can't believe it took me so long to get to the source to have more.I am sans caffeine these days so no more Danger Monkey for me (they only have a Mexican blend in decaf), but the decaf was truly delicious. I bought a pound while I was there to have at home.Let me tell ya, that was the richest, most flavorful decaf Americano I've ever had...nice and caramelly too. It was so good that I went back for a second cup. Hey, it's decaf; I can do that. :)The cream and sugar bar had a wide variety of goodies and other sundries, the service was excellent and the atmosphere was relaxing and even a little homey.My buttocks will definitely be taking the trip from Lakewood when I need grounds and I can't wait to try their burritos as well.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,8/6/2013,156,255,4,9,7>This place is lovely for a Sunday brunch... if you can find the place. It's in the Denver Place building at 18th and Curtis, but on a Sunday, the beau and I had a really hard time finding an unlocked door. I would let you in on a tip to help you find said unlocked door, but because we walked around the entire building, I can't remember where it was... Anyhoo, my favorite thing about Syrup is the gluten-free choices! I had my heart set on a benedict, and was delighted to see that they offer gluten-free english muffins. I got the Santa Fe benedict, so the muffins were topped with crispy chirizo (a feat that I can never seem to accomplish), perfectly poached eggs, and then green chile instead of hollandaise. I LOVED it. The hashbrowns on the side were of the standard "shredded" variety, but you can substitute fresh fruit for those if you like. We also shared a pancake flight, and we tried a bunch of different syrups and the pecan butter. The pancakes alone are fluffly and delightful, but with the accouterments (of which you can choose as many as you like) took them to the next, most awesome, level. It was overall a great brunch and we'll defnitely be back!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,8/5/2013,103,577,,9,9>I have really been enjoying my time at Cannonball on each visit.The beers keep changing, which keeps it exciting! I like trying something new each time I stop by. I am looking forward to when they get 5 or 6 beers on tap at one time. I am also looking forward to when they start filling growlers. The atmosphere of this place is nice too - lots of windows with very pretty views of the foothills. Hooray Cannonball! Thanks for opening on the western side of town!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,8/4/2013,342,357,3,11,9>2 words:  Jalapeño Fudge.  Need I say more?  This is THE best chocolate store in Denver.  They have a huge variety of homemade fudge, truffles, caramels, candy, etc.  The staff is super friendly, and very generous with letting you sample their tasty treats.  Very reasonably priced as well, for homemade chocolates.  They also have a large variety of other packaged snacks and candy that I'm sure you will not walk out empty handed.  I really enjoyed their salted caramel fudge...but the winner is that sweet and spicy Jalapeño fudge.  To achieve pure orgasmic flavor-popping bliss, (a.) buy a square of that, (b.) head over to Bonacquisti Winery and grab a bottle of their Zinfandel Port, (c.) eat fudge, and chase with a sip of port.  HEAVEN.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,8/3/2013,194,576,2,7,6>Usually I'm not a big fan of Happy Hours. Why? I don't drink much. Plus a lot of times the selections on the HH menu aren't what I want so I order of the regular menu anyway.  Finally, the crowds drive me up a wall.  However, I love La Scala's because their HH is none of the above.First of all, La Scala offers one of the best Happy Hours in Denver.  From 4-6pm select appetizers and drinks are $5 each. These include caprese, calamari friti, ravioli of the day, as well as several more items. Diners easily enjoy a few generously portioned apps with wine for about $20/person. That includes tax and tip.Then there's the location.  Tucked away in a small plaza on the corner of Logan and Alameda, it doesn't get the crowds and noise that places in the trendier hoods can attract. Additionally, the service is friendly and efficient, but not rushed. We were encouraged to linger as long as we wanted after we paid our bill.What's funny is I actually think La Scala's Happy Hour menu is more interesting than their dinner menu. And it's for their Happy Hour that I will return.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,8/2/2013,188,277,1,9,8>Always been a fan of Billy's, so I am ecstatic that they just opened a new location super close to where I live and work.All the old dogs have their same delicious tricks: The Seattle dog with its cabbage, cream cheese and bbq sauce; the taco dog, or the Tijuana dog with pico de gallo and avocado. They still have their yummy garlic blue cheese fries. Still have a good selection of beer and wine. Still have good service and the same bright-orange decor.The service was stupendous. They even accepted a Yelp deal from the other location.  The Colfax location is a bit smaller than the one in RiNo, but otherwise is just as awesome. Glad that Billy's in great and closer than ever.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/1/2013,702,888,8,14,13>Trillium's Sunday happy hour gets all five stars from me. What a freaking steal! On Sundays from 5-9pm, they have their regular HH deals and also run daily specials from the entire week - all of them. Alissa R's review of this HH had me salivating and was spot on! What's so awesome about those little food specials is that quite a few of them come with their own drink, be it champagne, beer, wine or spirit! I loved everything that I tried, so much so that I will order the exact same things next time. Pair of oysters with bubbly, truffled tots with a small beer, cured seafood with a sample of aquavit (this tasted a bit like rye whiskey and I quite liked it)...I might be missing others but those were what we tried. We shared the maple smoked walleye and tissue paper-thin air-cured shaved beef tenderloin and I'm not sure what was more delicious, the flavorful, rich proteins or the yummy sauces (mustard and sour cream) to spread on the accompanying rye swirled toast. The only thing I wanted to try and didn't was the cheese plate (paired with two wines!) because I was just too full. Cocktails and drafts are just $4 during HH with wines for $6. It was slow and mellow on the Sunday evening we were there. The decor is bright, colorful, modern and a little rustic. They have some neat seating at the front of the restaurant that is more casual, like sitting on couches and lounge chairs at home (if your home happened to be inside an IKEA showroom). I loved it! All of it!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,7/31/2013,73,96,,7,6>Since moving to the west side of town and out of highland, I've been looking for a 'local' watering hole...granted I am not going to be abandoning any of my favourites all over town, but it's nice to have a place nearby where you can get a good bite to eat and a decent drink and take in a little ambiance to boot. When I heard that the purveyors of Sloans (my cheers bar while in school) had a joint in my neighborhood, I had to check it out! I was not disappointed. As others have said, they have what looks to be a great patio (its winter now, so we'll revisit this concept in the spring) and well-designed decor. It *almost* feels more upscale than sloans, but they share a lot of similarities, including several menu favorites. Teller's boasts a pretty extensive tap selection, with plenty of solid choices. Nothing on the beer list really shouted "adventurous", but I totally get the need to craft a draft program that is in line with the audience (being somewhat more suburban, somewhat older crowd). This may be an unfair judgement on the suburbs, and it may also just be what happened to be available when I went...time will tell!The food is solid, the beers are solid, the happy hour isn't quite as generous as some places, (but hey, some happy hour is better than no happy hour, eh?) and the service was friendly if a touch slow. All in all, Tellers is a great joint and I'm glad to live nearby, especially when bike season rolls around again!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,7/30/2013,203,267,5,13,10>My boyfriend wanted to celebrate his birthday with a ring of bbq sauce around his mouth and sticky fingers, he also wanted to go somewhere we had never been, so with great help from the Yelp community we chose this place. We arrived at the little strip mall it resides in and walked inside to be greeted by some damn good smells! This is an order at the counter place, which I like for the resulting laid back outcome.  The boyfriend ordered the 2 meat combo and I opted for the fried catfish meal, both come with 2 sides of your choice. The meats he chose were beef brisket and turkey, both were tender, moist, and very flavorful. My catfish was seasoned well and cooked perfectly, crispy outside/ fluffy and flaky inside. The sides we chose were all awesome, you could taste the love in each one- mashed potatoes, mustard greens, fried okra, and potato salad. And those delicious sauces? Maggie's deep south is my favorite, but they are all very good. They seem to make everything in-house, even the tartar sauce.  The service was friendly and fast. And here is a perk, you can get a $3.00 glass of wine! Not the best wine, but decent enough for the price. As usual with bbq, I left super stuffed along with leftovers. I shall return hungry again...
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,7/29/2013,242,830,6,9,6>I am absolutely addicted to their "Spanish Bread."   When I asked the difference between "Spanish Bread" and "French Bread", I was told that the Spanish Bread is made without Butter or Sugar.  Done!!I have had it with cheeses and honey, (and wine).  I've made sandwiches with it.  I've noshed on it with butter.  With Olive Oil.  With Sardines and Hot Sauce.This bread can do no wrong.I hear they have other baked goods, too.  That's cool.But save me a loaf of Spanish Bread.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,7/28/2013,100,203,,6,5>I've been to Forest Room 5 a handful of times now and each time have had a good experience.  For the environment alone, I would recommend this place.  Depicting a forest setting with tree stumps, an outside campfire, a giant screen often times displaying wildlife and nature videos, the vibe given off makes you feel just as if you are capping off a camping excursion in the forest.   The ambience and originality alone should entice you for a visit. Beyond the forest like nature of the establishment (pun intended), the food and drinks are desirable as well.  Primarily small plates, their happy hour is affordable and delicious.  Although their happy hour drink specials, being a bit too fancified for my taste, did not detract from the food  which included a substantial beet salad, some delicious hummus, and an awesome scallop plate that consisted of 3 expertly cooked scallops with poached pear for just $5.  On that happy hour dish alone, I was sold.  Although I can't attest to a complete meal here, I would highly recommend checking this place out on a date or for just a drink with friends.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,7/27/2013,170,113,2,8,8>My first visit to Himalayas was after a really long hike on a really hot summer day. Sadly we did not make it in time for the lunch buffet but decided to stay in hopes of sating our craving.The service was definitely the best and most sincere I've encountered in Boulder. The food was tasty and delivered quickly (I ordered the chicken korma). Sadly the tandoori grill was down so there was no naan to be had. The waiter comped us some additional papadum and a sample of hot chai tea.The chai tea was so amazing that I ran out to the car to get my travel coffee mug because there was NO WAY I was going home without bringing some of that tea with me. I'm a HUGE fan of chai tea and favored Bhakti chai for several months. I must say that the chai at Himalaya is leaps and bounds better than the chai tea served at Boulder coffee shops and even the Dunshabe teahouse. I will definitely be going back for the lunch buffet and of course the hot chai tea.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,7/26/2013,79,217,7,6,11>Once you get past explaining that your friend doesn't own a brewery, the place is just call Our Mutual Friend you can enjoy the beer and space at OMFMB.  Clever name that I'm sure has caused some interesting "Who's on First" type of conversations.I really like the space, it's well set up and has a good vibe.  Friendly and easy going bar staff mixed with a very laid back environment ... Kind of something you'd expect from a mutual friend.I had the IPA, the Pale Ale and the Brown.  I really liked the IPA out of the three.  It was full of flavor and fresh.  In fact I liked it so much I decided to pick up a growler and take some home.  The growlers at OMFMB are not typical for the area, they are only 32 ounces which is a good size for certain types of beers.All in all I had a good experience there and will be back.  Check out their mobile site for the latest tap list, they keep it up to date.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,7/25/2013,683,1119,11,13,13>This really is a weird place. Its like a nightmare of garish ass first clothing. tights and booty pushing jeans crowd the aisles as you walk in. Its   a face crush of mannequin ass. If you ever want to look like a hooch douche, this is a one stop shop.But it goes beyond the ill behaved child smashing into my knees and dis-respecting  adults from a  permissive culture to which I cannot relate. If you look deeper you'll see determined hard working merchants doing their best to sell wonderful produce (A HUGE basket of strawberries for $2.00)You'll find one-day merchants selling  the junk from the back of their third Tuff Shed, but you'll also find a shabby chic table you can't live without. The day I was here, there was a pretty great car show (see my pics)Its a carnival of humanity, huge and daunting, but definitely worth a peek.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/24/2013,38,78,3,6,4>Quick, big portions, and soooooo tasty!This past weekend, after we had heard from a friend to try this place out, we decided to give it a shot. We will be going back! We sat out on their patio, which is small, but wasn't crowded and I got the Falafel and Hommoss Combo and my boyfriend ordered the Combination, Super Dish. The food came out so fast, and we were more than satisfied with the taste of the food, and the authenticity of everything on the plate. You can tell these people know what they are doing when it comes to Middle Eastern Cuisine.Although I didn't have any dessert, I am still thinking about going back just for a sweet snack. Their dessert showcase looked amazing, and looked to be made in-house.The only thing that could give people trouble is the parking. Small lot, with maybe 10-15 spots, but even if you park a few blocks away, the food is worth it, and a nice walk after your meal will feel good, because you will be full!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,7/23/2013,218,194,,7,4>We stopped by City Pizza & Pasta for dinner the other night before hitting a concert at the First Bank Center.  I'm always on the lookout for a good pizza and I'd read several nice reviews so it was an easy decision to give it a try.After finding a booth a very nice young lady brought us a couple of paper menus and explained that we needed to order at the counter, and then they'd bring it out to us.  Not my favorite setup but no biggie.  We ordered a couple of beers (pretty decent selection but my Sierra tasted a little out of date - it was poured from a bottle into a glass so not sure about the expiration), a small toasted ravioli (a little on the dry side but not bad at all and a great start to our meal) and the pizza.  For the pie we went with the Meat Feast (pepperoni, Italian sausage, Canadian bacon, meatball, salami and bacon) on a St Louis thin crust.  It was freaking great!!  Super thin crust that is cut into squares, with just the right amount of creamy provel cheese.  The dining room was clean, and the whole place looked to be run by 3-4 teenagers who were actually working more than messing around.  Finding some pretty good kids and giving them training, kudos!  The décor includes some cool pictures of Arvada from back in the day, along with some sports type things.  I really enjoyed my dinner and will definitely be back!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,7/22/2013,274,320,6,10,7>Amazing workout.  Guys, this stuff isn't just for girls and the best part about the whole thing is you are surrounded by a bunch of beautiful women the whole time!  I regularly do a very Zen-like yoga workout that is about the stretching and getting in touch with one's body.  This was in a league of it's own.  It wasn't breaking out into a sweat, it was the intense struggle to hold some of these poses while using very minor movements to work the muscles even harder.  Some of these poses had me shaking like a leaf in the wind.  I wasn't feeling bad that night, but the next day I was sore in numerous places.  It was a very good workout.The facilities are immaculate.  The staff is wonderful although, very cruel during the workout!  Heidi must have been a drill seargent in another life.  Smile as big and bright as a sunny day in Texas, but she couldn't count down from 20 very well.  She'd say 20 more reps and then tell a story and then say 20 more reps again then she would help someone get into the correct posture and then say 20 again!!!  What a great muscle burn!Alas, their hours make them focused on the housewife or someone that works at night.  I couldn't make it there with my work schedule except for on the weekends.  It's on the pricey side too, but it's in Cherry Creek where there are lots of housewifes that can afford it.  My usual Zen-yoga workout is $10/session.  New clients can buy a package of 3 for $30 or 1 month unlimited for $99.  After your trial the price goes up to a minimum of $16/workout or $195/month.Thanks to yelp for giving me a chance to try it out!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,7/21/2013,137,174,7,9,6>You are telling me that there is a place that has delicious, warm, gooey cheese dip within .5 miles of my work? I do not know how this joint fell under my radar. Bored at work one day, I decided to look again at close-by lunch options. Doing my regular 'cheese dip' search, I stumbled upon Yolanda's Tacos... After reading a couple reviews and the mention of cheese dip, I was out my office door before I even had time to close my Yelp app. Yolanda's Tacos is a fast, tasty lunch option. They have your typical Mexican fare ranging from tacos, nachos, taco salads, burritos, and tostadas. They also have a decent list of meat options. I settled on the al pastor and steak. I particularly enjoyed the al pastor which was very flavorful. I probably wouldn't get the steak again. I also ordered a side of cheese dip and it was awesome. I love my cheese dip and Yolanda's cheese dip satisfies my cravings. It's white, it's creamy, it's delicious. It is also dangerously close to work... It is going to be difficult to resist my daily cheese dip cravings. Yolanda's Tacos has a nice selection of salsas available that come with your meal. I had the habanero. It wasn't as spicy as I hoped but good. I'm looking forward to trying some of their other options. Their homemade chips that accompany the meal are delightful and nice to have included rather than having to pay extra. I am looking forward to coming back to Yolanda's Tacos and trying more of their meat/salsa options.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,7/20/2013,306,1103,2,9,7>Holy moly--this place is the real deal! We came here on a whim and it was a most excellent experience (I feel very Bill and Ted saying that). As always, I ordered my standard chicken pad thai spicy and when I said spicy she told me "No, we will do medium spice". I'm not one who likes being told how to order something but there was something friendly about her remark so I took her advice and got medium spice.Um, homegirl was right. I took one bite of the medium spice chicken pad thai and my mouth was on fire! And I liked it   The pad thai sauce was right on point with a great balance of sweet and spicy along with a hearty portion of both chicken and noodles. The chicken, the peanut, the bean sprouts, the spice--this dish had it all! I was so conflicted--I wanted to keep eating bite after bite because it was delicious but at the same time I wanted to stop since I never wanted the meal to end. I stopped at a good point, just enough where I was satisfied and could take enough home. Afterwards we ordered the fried banana and coconut ice cream (homemade) and it was mouthwatering. This is definitely my new go to spot for Thai food in Denver!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/19/2013,68,257,9,11,11>Okay, I am ready to declare Sassafras the best brunch of Denver for the month of June, 2013.  There is a favorable forecast that they could win brunch of the month for July as well.  If Brown Palace and Cracker Barrel went on a date and ....you know.....the kid would be Sassafras.  Located just off of I-25 on the west side of Denver, Sassafras sits on a hill which has a nice view of Denver and an even nicer patio.  The patio is quite spacious and it seems to me that they lose money by not having more tables.  I tend to believe that they do this on purpose because the place has an unpretentious feel.  One would think that a place so care free would not take so much care for the food.  I can't rave enough about how the potato casserole were so cheesy good, how, the biscuits were dense and flaky at the same time, the sausage was not greasy but fresh.  And the milk shakes....were the equivalent to bringing puppies to a kindergarten class.  Should be illegal.  Probably the only thing that didn't resonate with a Southern feel was the portions.  But man everything on the menu looked so good and this place is highly accessible, unlike other brunch places where you have to wait in line forever.  We will be back..
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,7/18/2013,457,929,10,7,7>My friends have a running joke where we do not refer to the Grizzly Rose by name in public in order to avoid self incrimination. Some people just won't understand our obsession. We also are not allowed to use the adjective and flower name twice in conversation. Classics are: the Angry Iris, the Petulant Petunia, the Testy Tigerlily. So why do we like the Onery Orchid you may ask? $5 cover, ladies drink free on Thursdays. Yep, you read that right. We get all cowgirled up, pay our $5 and then line dance the evening away, perhaps getting a wee bit too tipsy. The people are fun and friendly and willingly teach you the moves. I like that there are all shapes, races, ages and sizes at this bar and it's fun without being a "scene".
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,7/17/2013,174,419,7,12,7>I blame Carly B. for my spending $40 here on an armful of stuff I didn't even realize I "needed"!  Or maybe that is McGuckin's fault for having all that stuff in the first place.  Is this McGuckin Hardware or Needful Things?  Step inside and you'll have your answer.  ...along with some blue Mason jars (oh, what?), a scrubber caddy for the kitchen sink, some seeds, a drawer/cabinet organizer, and...This place is somewhat overwhelming -- but in a totally awesome way.  Hardware.  Lawn & Garden.  Kitchen gadgets.  Housewares.  Pet supplies.  Art supplies.  And whatever else was tucked away on the other side of the store that we didn't even go to (thank goodness lest I would have spent even more money...).  It made me feel like an Anime character when the eyes get really super big and shiny and sparkly.  Let us call it: The McGuckin Effect.Still, I am most glad I go to experience said effect.  Those blue Mason jars?  Two dollars cheaper (and no shipping!) than I found on Amazon; I was just surprised to see them out in the wild, honestly.  But if you're interested I'd recommended making a visit sooner rather than later, as Mz. B. and I cleared out 3 of the 4 six-packs they had in stock.  They also sell the plastic storage caps for Mason jars individually (for $0.49/each, I believe).  Those caps are super handy when it comes time to enjoy the salsa bounty without getting a rusted ring once the jar is opened.Staff was all very friendly.  Selection was, as myself and several others have put it, more than you could probably imagine without walking in and experiencing it firsthand.  I have few and far between reasons to ever visit Boulder, but McGuckin has easily made it on that list of reasons.  Better start saving up...
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,7/16/2013,217,97,7,11,8>It took me 5 different attempts to finally get to this delectable treat while it was open.  I kept going on Sundays (open till noon) or after 2 on Saturdays... I even went on Monday (closed) and then when I FINALLY followed the hours, they were closed for a private event.   Needless to say, I was both frustrated and determined to try this restaurant.When I finally found myself here, I wanted to try everything.   Really.  I had quiche, turnovers, soup, a sandwich, and desserts.   I also weighed about 10 lbs heavier when I left.   Fortunately for me, my daughter was in a sharing mood and not particularly decisive.  When I found this out, I was ecstatic that I could order my whimsy!While shoving my maw full of tasty food, I took note that the quiche was both tasty but also that the crust was flaky and decadent.... NOT NEARLY AS DECADENT as that green chili turnover.   I am pretty certain my daughter actually had to smack it out of my hand before I finished the entire thing.  The soup was pretty tasty, but I was more than happy to share that with the kiddo.   We enjoyed the roast beef sandwich with a baguette that was both crisp but chewy.  The sandwich had both the perfect textures and flavors.   At this point in the meal, I was slowing down and only 7 lbs heavier than before.   Finally, the dessert selection is both awesome and delicious.   We chose 3 bite size treats and noshed those, having caught my second wind.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/15/2013,345,277,10,16,9>Welcome back to the latest installment from Uber Sausage Addicts Anonymous (USAA for short), I'm your President, Cheryl.  A bit ago they joined forces with the great talent Justin Brunson to develop a new menu.  The collaboration was true genius and I wouldn't expect anything else from the owners.With this announcement I know this was pointed right at me and the gauntlets were thrown down and the challenge excepted. The challenge was to try each and every new item on the menu.  It has taken me months to do it but this past Thursday the task was completed.  How can you say one is better than the other if you haven't tried all of them?  I think not!Disclaimer - the items from the old menu are not include (The Swiss, Colorado Buffalo, Tijuana).These are listed in order of preference:The Cajun - If you haven't been here before and aren't sure what to order this is my suggestion.  So while you might say Crawfish sausage, what were they thinking?  They were think it would be a bit of heaven.  With the Caramelized Onions and Remoulade Sauce this is elevated to "Pure Fricken Genius" in my book.  I don't believe that you will be disappointed with this one.The Vietnam - Thai Chili Lemongrass Pork Sausage, this makes my mouth water just typing this.  The Sriracha Aioli adds a bit of heat.  I get mine with extra Sriracha.  Save yourself some hassle and have them add the extra Sriracha before they wrap it up - it will keep the mess to a minimum.  The Mexico  - Some of the best Chorizo sausage I've had in a long time.  Before they heat up the sausage they butterfly the link and place it face down on the grill.  This gives it the black caramelizing char that transforms the Chorizo to a higher level.  The avocado adds a creamy coolness and goes perfectly with the Mango Pico.The Badger - Brat, Cheese and Sauerkraut.  Three items that you can't go wrong with on a sausage.  With the addition of Spicy Brown Mustard this is one kick ass sandwich.  Only thing missing was a beer to go with this one.  When they open their new location they will have a liquor license and depending on what you pair with this tasty morsel it could move closer to the the top of the list.The Hatch - The messiest sandwich on the menu.  The real star of this one is the Colorado Green Chili.  You get the green chili flavor through and through with the added crispy and coolness of the cabbage and crema fesca.  The Baja - I actually had this one as a salad, which was fabulous.  The Chipotle Sauce on this one was the key.  Loved the Saltine Crusted Fish Fillet - it made it crispy and not greasy at all.The Club - Rosemary Chicken Sausage with bacon.  How can you go wrong when you add bacon.  This was middle of the road for me.  It has more subtle and classic, but solid, flavors.  The Greek - This is the first one I tired of the new menu and it was the one I was most looking forward to and perhaps I had built it up more in my mind.  Don't get me wrong it was good but for me it was missing the WOW factor of the others on the top of my list.  I'm willing to give this one another try and see if the little tweaks that they have given in the last couple of months have done the trick.  The Farm - Great vegetarian sandwich.  But it was lacking the magical ingredient for me - If I'm coming to Uber SAUSAGE I'm coming for the Sausage not the vegetables. Kid's Menu - Mac N Cheese Hotdog - The is truly a hotdog with macaroni and cheese in it.  There are little bits of cheese and little bits of macaroni.  It is as described and it was good.  Kids must love dog.  For $4 it comes with chips and a drink.  Great Price and great taste.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,7/14/2013,79,247,1,10,6>What a hidden gem in downtown!My family and I made a last minute birthday dinner reservation on a Friday night. They actually responded to the voicemail I left, and called me back to confirm it. Then we changed the head count later: "No problem! We'll see you then!" Wonderful!Parking kinda stinks because it's on Blake St, but the quest for the visit is worthwhile. We arrived at the end of happy hour to the pleasant surprise of $3 apps and rolls. Have you ever heard of crispy seaweed? I hadn't, and it was great stuff. I can best describe it as a non-deep fried version of a blue corn tortilla chip (without the corn) crammed between sticky rice and some of the most flavorful fish I've encountered in Denver. More fish than rice in every single serving? Yes please!The service and hospitality was second to none that I've experienced in my frequent sushi expeditions. "John" was very helpful in his suggestions and he was very happy to provide his explanations as to why he was recommending these items. Frequently his opinions overrode my own inclinations of ordering, and he was exactly correct in every description he provided.I've found a new favorite sushi place in town: a very bold statement I know. But I'd tell anybody to check it out.Is this what true love feel like? Not really, but it's in the running. Give it a try and show them some love. Maybe we'll cross paths because I'll definitely be going back.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,7/13/2013,75,67,,8,6>Well I started out to have LASIK at Insight Lasik but due to slight abnormality I was ruled out and it was back to Mr. Magoo glasses again! No way they said I won't be Mr. Magoo anymore and they can help and that is exactly what they did at Specialty Eye Care.They are the perfect patient professionals that care about your eyes.....that's right care! There is no dollar amount that will prevent me from choosing a group of Doctors that want to truly keep my vision perfect and my eyes healthy. There are so many pluses that I really can't describe here, bottom line:*I was told everything no surprises*Patient*Did I say patient?*Caringand the perfect professional from the staff to the Doctors!Cost....well what are your eyes worth?They now are my eye care professionals for me and my family!!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/12/2013,111,186,7,8,8>What a nice treat! Happy hour on a Sunday. It's a funky little place, where the servers were all friendly and quirky (I like that!). We debated on cocktails versus beers for a while and seeing as it was such a nice day, we decided, what the hell?! And we had some cocktails. I had the shanghai mule (I think it was better than the scurvy punch). I already love ginger beer/vodka combinations, so add some honey and lime and I had the perfect sunday afternoon drink that I was craving - refreshing and tangy. We went for the world famous fries with the truffle parmesan topping, the lamb slider, and the blue cheese bacon slider. The fries- true to their name, were simply delicious. I may know a guy from Idaho who would argue with me that these are second best to some place in Boise. But second best in the U.S. is alright in my book. I like the flavor of truffle oil and you really taste it with each bite of those perfectly cooked fries (a little crunch, a little potato). And spare no expense on the parm! Powdered so each fry has the joy of being coated by cheese. At other places it's a secret battle over the few and far between shavings of parmesan. Now I'm not saying there was any lack of fry scraping at the bottom of the plate, because we definitely soaked up every last bit of truffle oil, aioli, and parm....mmm...ok, sliders. On to the sliders. I feel like I shouldn't be so impressed by these sliders! But the last few times we've tried to order sliders, we've been so disappointed! Dry, cold, and flavorless, these sliders were not! I'm glad we found a place with unique and good sliders for happy hour! Finally, it's always embarrassing when your server comes over to your table to ask how everything was and you look at her sheepishly while she examines your clearly licked clean plates. At least it's a good sign for them! And duh, we'll be back! The mac and cheese WFFs are already calling us back. And I noticed some people working on their laptops, so maybe next time we will try happy hour and work...just to help get the creative juices flowing.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,7/11/2013,43,56,7,9,9>If you can recite lines from all six Star Wars films, you might be a geek. If you know that there is such a thing as a twenty-sided die, you might be a geek. This could go on and on, but you get the point. At The Wizard's Chest you can proudly fly your geek flag. Costumes, games, action figures, masks, and other gag gifts are in great supply. The costumes are ther year round, so don't feel like you are limited to just Halloween. I am not much of a gamer; however, I know that there are many card/board games that exist. Wizard's Chest has a large selection of board games and card games. For the Star Wars, Star Trek, and Super Hero fans out there, there is a good selection. For the kids, it's a great place to just walk around. My daughter enjoys going there and trying to convince me buy the majority of the store. Overall, this is just a fun store.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,7/10/2013,137,262,3,16,12>We joined some friends for a birthday dinner here last night. First things first, this restaurant does not take reservations and is tiny, so be prepared to wait. Thankfully, you can go next door to the A Cote Bar for apps and beverages while you do so. The feel of the place is warm and understated, but still sophisticated. Awesome light fixtures.I loved our server, who didn't make me feel like a total ass for being at a french restaurant and not being able to have dairy. While they have a "no substitutions" rule, they accommodated my dietary needs without complaint. I ordered the aged NY strip with mushroom demi and seared spinach. It came with beautiful potatoes that were lovingly caressed with butter and cheese, but I had to abstain. My husband did not, however, and said they were awesome. We also had the charcuterie plate, meat salad, and a fondue of sorts--none of which I could eat, but was devoured by the other five people at the table. The desserts were pot de creme, creme brulee and profiteroles. My husband said the profiteroles, which are made with Sweet Action ice cream, are the best he has had (and he's had a lifetime's worth of profiteroles in the 8 years we have been together). Lastly, I will mention this only because this topic became a Yelp talk thread item. There was a group of people in the bar area that wanted our table. Since they don't take reservations it was not as if we had overstayed our welcome. We ordered apps, entrees and dessert and had just paid. The manager very, very kindly told us there was another group who had been waiting and offered us all free champagne in the bar area if we were interested in taking the party next door. It was graciously done, and we were happy to move.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/9/2013,42,207,,12,8>What a lucky find in the highlands!  Tocabe is a more upscale, well-designed, better tasting, and more thoughtful American Indian version of Chipotle.  Upon walking in, they have nicely decorated the location to represent the aesthetics classically important to the American Indian tribes they honor with the food - representations of sun, earth, and water make the scenery relaxing and very comfortable to eat in with the family.Now onto the important stuff - the food.  The first time you go, make sure you ask for some advice.  On the far right, there is the GUY'S menu - at first I thought this was for men, but it is the menu that Guy Fieri made/ate during his filming of diners/dives/drive-ins at Tocabe (apparently this place is a mecca for the Food and Travel Network).  On the left is there basic menu - all the food is laid out in front of you, so it's not too hard to get what you want.  Most, if not all there meals, start on their famous Tocabe bread - think an amazing version of sweet dough (awesome).  Then you can pile it up with meats and other toppings similar to a burrito.  I was able to try both the shredded buffalo taco and the Buffalo rips - both were OUTSTANDING!!!In addition, they have a small selection of beers on tap and plenty of seating. Their table offering of hot-sauces and honey are the perfect addition to the meal.  Nice place, great food -- go check-it-out!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/8/2013,110,123,,12,12>When I think of TCP, value and stomach pleasing satisfaction come to mind. Every dish is huge and American classics are served with lots of gusto. I challenge anyone to conjure up even the slightest complaint about portions or price.TCP is quickly becoming one of my dependable go-to places in town where you're guaranteed to land a meal that will hit the spot no matter what time of day you're craving it. I've been here several times, but on a recent weeknight outing a friend and I ordered two entrees and received an entirely free appetizer ($7 value). That really won me over.If you ever visit TCP, expect to walk away with enough leftovers for a completely separate meal and an insulin-induced grin on your face.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,7/7/2013,21,103,,12,6>This is, hands-down, the best dog park in Denver.  Here's why:1.  It's the biggest off-leash dog park around.  There are two other parks in Denver that are almost as big, but this park in Wesminster is actually larger than all of the other off-leash dog parks in Denver COMBINED!  It's huge, and there are trails everywhere.At 420 acres, your dog will never get tired of running around and exploring the grounds.2. Varied terrain.  There are some drainage ditches, which are dry during the winter, so the dogs run up and down them like they're ripping up a halfpipe.  There are a few ponds, that freeze in the winter, and dogs seem to love ice. (But be careful early/late in the season!)  And, most importantly, there are lots of trails, so you can hike around and let your dog follow you.You start in a low area, by the parking lot, and as you walk up the main path, you get to a valley with all of the above ponds and ditches.  From there, you can take one of many paths up hills.  If you're worried about the ponds, you can avoid them altogether.In short, there's lots of features for dogs to explore.3.  Free.  The other two big parks in Denver, Chatfield and Cherry Creek, both charge for either a day pass or an annual pass.  This park, however, is completely free.4.  Good views.  Not that your dog cares, but for owners, seeing the entire front range is a a nice reminder of the natural beauty here in Colorado.On any given Saturday (or Sunday), there are lots of dogs near the ponds for socialization, and enough room to get away from the other dogs, if you prefer that.We met friendly dogs and owners on our first visit here, so we'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,7/6/2013,61,160,3,11,4>I tried The Crock Spot a little over a year ago and liked it, but when I tried it again at the Pearl Street Farmer's Market, I loved it even more!We ordered pork with chimichuri sauce- cilantro, lime, and love, as the description on the chalkboard describes (my husband asked them to explain where the love comes from). We added crispy grilled vegetables, and it was a delicious meal to split.  I want to try the jalapeno beef, but passed this time because my husband can't handle the heat.  I guess I get to order my own next time!
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,7/5/2013,29,75,10,5,2>PIE.I seriously wanted pie for about three days and finally swung by Cake Crumbs on my way home from work this week. I picked up two five inch pies - wild berry and blueberry. Fully appreciate the five inch pie option because when you know you're going to eat a whole pie, it's comforting to tell yourself it was only a five inch pie.Both were delicious but probably would have been better if I had heated them up. BUT THERE WAS NO TIME. I needed to satiate my pie craving as soon as physically possible. One star off because they didn't update their display and led me to believe there was peach pie when they were in fact out. I don't need to be teased like that.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,7/4/2013,34,154,12,6,5>I was soooo excited to hear about DJ's opening another location! When I used to live in the Highlands, we made the trip to DJ Berkeleys quite often. This location is equally as delicious! I had the biscuits and gravy and my friend had the breakfast burrito. Both were just delicious! I also got a side of their home fried potatoes and while my eyes were definitely bigger than my belly, I made a valiant effort at eating as much of them and my eggs and the sausage links that accompanied my b&g...there was still a lot left! Our waitress was a little overwhelmed as she was handling...well, all of the tables on the lower level but she did have some help so it wasn't too inconvenient. The restaurant is very cute and there is plenty of street parking. Our favorite part? The prices! For 2 drinks (1 of which was a bottled Izze), 2 meals, plus the side of potatoes our check was only $25 which we thought was great considering the amount of food! Not to mention, all the food is locally produced to include the tortillas - just overall very good!This location does have it's liquor license - the other Berkeleys didn't when I used to go there but I believe they do now.Definetly recommend!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/3/2013,109,102,6,5,4>On a Boulder scale of hippie to yuppie, this falls smack in the middle (hipyup?). There's locally farmed ingredients - at a cost. Not the cheapest lunch in town, but I do think it's one of the better ones. The service is always prompt and professional, and I like a big vase of water on my table. My husband and mom absolutely love the roast beef sandwich, a hearty helping of meat and melty cheese. I love the mussels there - small but plentiful with a lovely butter cream sauce (that I may or may not have wanted to drink with a straw). I've also had the the chicken salad, which is a nice balance of curry and sweetness, though I'm not a fan of weedy lettuce. I definitely want to try the "community hour" (side note - what's so wrong with "happy hour?" Only in Boulder, I guess) and will keep this on my lunch rotation.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,7/2/2013,160,314,3,7,6>I had a ton of fun at La Rumba - maybe the funnest in a long time! I came here on Saturday at 8PM for the salsa dancing class ($10). The instructor was engaging and hilarious. He taught us a few basic steps, but we all had a great time doing it. I loved how he had us rotate in order to make sure everyone got the chance to dance (there were more girls than guys), but that also helped us to meet other people as well.Then dancing started with the live band. This was my first time salsaing ever and everyone was so nice. The vibe was awesome. No creepy men trying to hit on me. Just very nice dudes who asked me to dance and after being told I'm a uber beginner, gave me lots of dance tips and led the way to awesome dancing.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,7/1/2013,42,124,2,11,7>Hands-down the best restaurant in Denver, and by far the best meal I've ever had anywhere. Yes, it's really expensive -- but for the first time ever, the entire experience was well worth it. Upon being seated and given a brief but informative history of the restaurant, the host brought us two glasses of Dom Perignon -- definitely a nice way start the night off right! We then enjoyed some delicious bread from an impressive selection and shared the crab cake, which came with a lemongrass-infused sauce and was fantastic. I also ordered a glass of a Super Tuscan (wish I could remember the name!) and enjoyed the description offered by the friendly sommelier -- they have an extensive wine list, and I was very happy with the choice I made!However, the bison steak that I ordered for an entree was the true star of the show. Oh. My. God. It was so amazing, I literally dreamed about it that night. I wouldn't have traded it for anything, but my boyfriend's lamb was delicious as well and he was very satisfied. We finished the meal with their signature Bananas Foster, which definitely didn't disappoint -- and just when we thought things couldn't get any better, our wonderful waiter brought out a dessert wine that paired perfectly with the bananas.Palace Arms defines the true meaning of a 5-star restaurant in every aspect of the term: impeccable service, stunning ambiance, and most importantly, incredible food. Looking forward to going back for the next special occasion!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/30/2013,190,322,6,11,5>This is one of those times I could just give Yelp a big fat kiss on its asterisks. I can't tell you how many times I've driven by this awesome restaurant disguised as a seedy dive bar. Had it not been for all of the 4 and 5 star reviews on yelp, I would have continued to drive by.The cocktails list was vast and impressive. All of the classics and a few originals. I had a Negroni and a Vieux Carre. Both were impeccably made. The food also exceeded expectations. Pierogi and pork loin were our favorites.Our waitress was the best as well! So vivacious, attentive and easy on the eyes. If you like places like Williams & Graham, Green Russell or Euclid Hall, you have to check out The Arvada Tavern
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/29/2013,103,97,14,6,7>I was in town to get some work done - you all know how I like to stay beautiful! The room they had me in was pretty spacious, private bathroom, stunning views of downtown, and just down 6th avenue is all the usual nightlife spots. The showers have a chair in them. As a result, we now have a chair in our home shower. Seriously, why have people been standing in the shower this whole time? Changed my outlook on quite a few things. Roomservice was rather prompt, had all the basics as far as salads, sandwiches, the usual chicken-and-pasta entreés. Veggie burger is pretty top-notch. Get this - if you know how to ask the concierge (who visit your rooms every hour or so), they can hook you up with some sweet painkillers. The downside: someone creeps into your room every two hours or so and prods you for a bit, claiming they want to make sure you're still "breathing." Also, no HBO on the TV. (Seriously, though. I was in for some knee surgery. Felt pretty well attended to by the 5th floor staff. The only actual "complaint" is that I was also on the neural-trama floor. So at 5 in the morning there might be someone trying to escape from their room- shock therapy isn't for everyone. Oh, and there are morning prayers over the PA system at 7 AM. At a Catholic hospital! The Nerve!)
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/28/2013,74,118,5,6,5>There are way too many things to love about Denver Bicycle Cafe.- The vibe is laid back and friendly. At all hours of the day and night this place is filled and I can see why. It's comfortable and productive when you need it to be and a great bar to NOT be productive in when you need a break.- Their beer list is extensive and delicious.- Their chai is spicy and you can get it with almond milk.- Their baked goodies are made by the pastry chef at Root Down. Incredible muffins, truly something to write home about.- Lots of big family style seating -- that is filled to capacity at night. Definitely glad to have this gem in my neighborhood.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/27/2013,394,368,4,11,10>Without much knowledge on the background (Reilly and Copeland's second coming of Encore) or what they even had on their menu, we dropped in just to give this new local spot a try.And try, we did. Try, you must.Every single damn thing on this menu is mind-blowingly delicious. From the pig and pig flatbreads to the ricotta gnudi (yeah, we initially didn't know what that was either), your mouth will be watering from start to finish as you await the next dish to come out. Perfectly paced, too.All in all, this is and will become one of the best places to eat in Denver. Highly recommended.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,6/26/2013,288,412,11,12,10>If Chipotle traveled to India, made love with their food and spices, and gave birth to a bastard love child, it would be a lot like Bombay Bowl. I really like the concept that is Bombay Bowl: Choose your base - rice, vegetables or chickpeas; add your proteins - chicken, beef or tofu; drizzle a little sauce on top; and finish with the spice. The combinations are endless and there is a flavor for everyone's palate. My particular bowl was generously filled with rice and chickpeas, topped with some braised beef, drizzled with tikka sauce, and spiced up with a hot something or other. It was pretty darn spicy, but I really liked it. The only minor drawback was that the sauces seemed a little watery as there was watery pool at the bottom of my bowl, but tasty none the less.The space is a little tight, but very accommodating. The service was fine and the person taking my order was more than helpful since it was my first time. As I mentioned before, it's a lot like Chipolte but with the flavors of India.If you're in the area, it's well worth a stop by for a quick lunch!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,6/25/2013,267,467,8,15,10>I went to Mexico for lunch today.  I didn't make it to Mexico this winter for my usual five month sojourn for the first time in 10 years and I was seriously missing authentic Mexican food.  I know, "What is authentic"? but I know it when I taste it and this place takes me straight to Michoacan. The place has been significantly fluffed up from when it was 3 Monkeys and Bistro 1 before that - really quite charming with big murals and Mexican textile booths.  The parking, of course, sucks and I hope they survive where their next door neighbor - Buffalo Doughboy - quickly met their demise.Quickly seated by a pleasant enough, if not effusive, host and greeted by a very gracious waitress who was totally on top of things but it was pretty quiet at 2 pm on a Thursday.  Way too much ink on full display for my taste - old codger that I am but, hey, she can explain it to her grandkids.Started with maybe the best guac and chips I've ever had in Denver and a Mescalrita.  The guac was so creamy but you could still identify the classic ingredients and it was a huge bowl for $7.95 and it was all guac not three tablespoons over a bunch of shredded lettuce - excellent as were the chips (maybe commercial but they were hot, crispy with just the right amount of salt).  I think perhaps we mis-ordered on the Mescalrita's ($10 each).  The Mescal was just too smokey for me but they were strong and obviously made with quality ingredients (no sweet and sour).Menu is huge.  You name it - they got it from the classic Mexican repertoire.  She had the enchiladas Suizas ($12 for three filled and sauced to your request) with rice and beans.  She elected to try all three of the fillings (beef, pork and chicken) smothered with a classic Michoacan chili verde.  Outstanding!  I did sneak a couple of tastes.  Very light for enchiladas - not the sogged out mushy mess that you get many places here.I had the carne asada plate which is what really took me back to Mexico.  The marinated thin cut beef was cooked to a charred but tender perfection and served with a cheese enchilada in an amazing red chili sauce sided with rice and beans ($14.95). The refritos are worth a shout out - so creamy (I suspect lard may have had something to do with it.)  So, a lot of food for lunch but early afternoon is when Mexicans eat their big meal of the day.  We'll scale it back a bit next time though because neither of us were able to finish more than half of our plates after all the guac and chips.So, overall a delicious addition to this stretch of South Broadway.  Here's hoping that they succeed in a space where others have failed - they certainly deserve to.They do have a website now:  adelitasdenver.comCheck out the menu - it'll have you drooling!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,6/24/2013,33,12,4,15,7>I'm not a girl that gets my nails done all the time b/c I have a steady hand and usually do my own, and, full disclosure, I'm on the cusp of being a germophobe.  Nail salons often creep me out.  But, but when I do, my expectations are for the following:+I want my manicures to last at least 4 days before chipping.  +I don't want to second guess sanitation of the tools.+I like a massage at some point - either before they paint or while my pretty tips dry.+An abundance of guilty-pleasure, gossip-riden magazines are necessary.+I don't want acetone to burn my nostrils or permeate my clothing. B Nails...well, nails it.  The staff is friendly and happy, they don't talk about you while you're sitting in the chair, and they remember your name and your face.  Overall, they treat you like they really want you to come back.  This place has good vibes and a comfortable atmosphere.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,6/23/2013,105,314,4,5,7>Okay, I like coffee.No, I really like coffee.No, I really love coffee.There, that's better.Now we can talk.I met a friend here on MLK day (Free meters)I showed up a little early (no traffic because of the holiday)I didn't know if I was going to stay for 2 minutes or 2 hours.I immediately felf comfortable, like I'd been coming here for years.But it was my first time here.People were nice and the place is cozy.Business like up front with old sofas in the back.Lots of cool artwork to admire while waiting for my friend to arrive.I had coffee...just plain old coffee and it was good, very good.We sat on the sofa and talked and talked and watched as people, students, business people, everyone came and went.I never felt like I had leave.I never felt uncomfortable.Wow!  I like this place.Oh,, did I mention the good coffee?
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,6/22/2013,23,116,3,5,4>If Tim Burton opened a small bar where he could create an environment like his films, this is it. I love the atmosphere here! Unique, dark, twisty, and almost surreal.For a small bar, you actually have plenty of room. I think the strangeness keeps out much of the "fist pumping" crowd, and that is ok with me.Besides the decor, this place has always had one of the best signature drink menus I have ever seen. I've had a drink here called "Devil's Piss." Last night's drink was the "Fuego de Abajo," which included Sriracha and a glass rimmed with rock sugar and ground chilis. Nice!Important note: They are connected to 2 fisted marios obviously, so you can get a slice late night too!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,6/21/2013,30,82,1,7,6>WOOOOOOOOOOOO! good cuban food is generally hard to find, but cuba cuba sandwicheria makes it SO EASY!sandwiches = delicious, generous in portions, and offer gluten-free options (yeah, baby!)fries with mojo sauce = unbelievably, garlicky good!even the sides of black beans with rice are delish. and the sweet plantains - well, that's why i come here as often as i do.my honey had a pan con lechon (pulled pork sandwich) that was juicy and so tasty.because they're so good, it can get a little crowded on weekdays during the lunch hour, but there's ample seating indoors and on their patio. and hey - you can always get it to go!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,6/20/2013,307,575,4,7,3>If you follow my reviews, and I know you do, then you know how much I like finding 'mom & pop' style restaurants, shops, businesses, etc...   This place is exactly that!  I had read the positive reviews, and decided to check it out.  I literally interrupted the owner's dinner.  They jumped up from a table to take my order, whipped it up, and served it with a bevy of sides.  Very tasty!Throughout the meal, the gal regularly checked on me, offering to bring more of the sides if I wanted.  The portions are big, so I politely declined, and continued stuffing my mouth.The restaurant itself resides inside a large Asian supermarket, which is in itself an adventure.  Once you are done eating, allow another 30 minutes or so to roam aisle after aisle of uncommon and unusual food stuffs...  Very affordable, very friendly, and an all-around interesting time!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,6/19/2013,27,90,2,7,6>I simply adore discovering restaurants like this one! My girlfriend and I went there for dinner  without a recommendation, besides yelp reviews, because we were looking for a spot near The Laundry theater. It's tiny and darling and cozy and modern, with attentive and warm staff. The menu changes all the time, there are a select few, with a nice variety and seasonal ingredients. We had the pan-fried gnocchi and it was to die for! Simple, flavorful, carefully crafted. All tables were taken, many of them with folk living in the neighborhood. We were only disappointed that they ran out of tiramisu.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,6/18/2013,33,107,2,6,3>I have been to D'Corazon several times. The first time I visited, my friend and I were waiting for a table across the street at Rio Grande. We noticed this little Mexican restaurant across the street that had open tables and decided to give it a shot. DELICIOUS!! I LOVE their margaritas. The Purple Haze Margarita is delicious. The food is also outstanding. If you have food allergies, they will definitely work with you to find a dish you can enjoy. The chips and salsa they provide are to die for. This is definitely a delicious little family owned restaurant.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,6/17/2013,134,373,2,5,5>I have been eating here for several years, and still never have ordered a taco.  All of their pupusas are wonderful and made to order.  Two will fill most people up.  There is nothing fancy about walking up to their window to order, it is almost like a prison inside.  But when you sink your teeth in, you will know how they stay in business.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,6/16/2013,131,377,2,9,13>It's rare these days that I can go to a beer festival and spend the whole time at places I've never heard of or tried before. It's also rare that a first-time event goes smoothly. Both of these rarities were a reality at the South Denver Beer Festival.It's clear that the organizers wanted to give a stage to the newest of the new breweries in Colorado, but also bring along the veterans. Despite the removal of several about-to-be breweries due to some shaky legal warnings from the State, I was kept plenty busy with what was there. It was the first time I got to try such breweries as Brewery Rickoli, Paradox, Gravity Brewing, Crystal Springs, and more. And I got to do so with perfectly sized pours (imagine the GABF glass 3/4 full - perfect to get a real idea of what the beer tastes like but not get sloshed 30 minutes in).I had feared that the festival would be too crowded, but that wasn't the case. The park provided ample space, while lines were very reasonable. The setting really allowed people to walk around and enjoy the day and view. SDBF also did a great job with getting some awesome food trucks. As always, there could have been more portable bathrooms. And the location meant you had to ride a bus from the Littleton light rail station. But it all worked out, and I was grateful they did provide that free transportation.SDBF was one tasty afternoon event that was far better than any of the Denver Beer Fests at Mile High Station. In fact, this was one of the best beer fests I've been to. Will look eagerly forward to next year's event.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,6/15/2013,320,975,3,10,7>About 11:30hrs ish.Thank you Shawarma Mediterranean Grill....Went here with 4 other Singaporean friends for a quick lunch and a mini gathering.  Thankfully, I did.  I have heard about this establishment long time ago, and had the food from here and finally that faithful Saturday March 16th 2013, driving all the way from the other side of town to go to Shawarma Mediterranean Grill.I am glad I did.  Yes, you make your order thru the counter.  They do have SPECIALS on that Saturday, and oooo.. what else its my favorite, THANKFULLY it was the LAMB SHANK!!  But when I was there, I decide to have the Beef Shawarma Plate ($8.49), a bottled drink ($1.99) and with my order Extra Feta Cheese ($0.75).  My Beef Shawarma Plate, I opt for the Spicy Hummus, White Rice, Roasted Potatoes, Green Salad and a Loaf of Pita Bread.  I was too engrossed to devoure my Lunch Entree, in which I forgot to take the picture of my order.Yes, its Fast and Fresh.  Everything smell delicious, and the food was flavorful.  The Beef was tender.  The service from the staff was indeed welcoming.  Then when I was about to head home, I purchase Combo Kabob Plate ($11.49) and Lamb Shanks ($11.49).  Portions are reasonable.  They do offer about 2 Vegetarian options in their Menu.  Another establishment that offers Halal options for Muslims aka Zahibah alternative.  Definitely many returns when needed especially in this part of neighborhood.From my friends' feedbacks some like it, some said it was just A-OK.  One of them ever been to this establishment before, she ordered the Falafel Plate and she liked it alot. The seating area perhaps can accommodate 20-25 people at one time in this tiny establishment.  As the time goes by, many more patrons arrived to have lunch.  Its a good idea to come early OR to come at a later time slot if you dont want to rush your Lunch time as I took notice while I was there.  I even notice many other patrons opt to have their Lunch TO GO.Shawarma Mediterranean Grill IS NOT OPEN ON SUNDAYs, that's a bummer.Since its the weekend, the parking area outside can be slightly a nightmare, just please do have patience at all cost.Left Shawarma Mediterranean Grill @ 13:30hrs, tummy filled belly happy indeed.  The TO GO Items, that I purchased, the smell of it, still lingers during the trip back home.  Thank you once again Shawarma Mediterranean Grill.@64/2013
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/14/2013,214,247,3,8,7>My unofficially adopted son Kevin had a craving for hot wings, one of his favorite foods, and I realized I had never brought him to the Rock Rest. I myself had only been here once before, several years ago. This turned out to be his favorite of all the many places we've ever eaten, so I know we'll be back. It's a surprisingly quick drive from Denver.I was concerned when we arrived because the place was so parked up; I thought the crowd would be huge. Fortunately the Rock Rest is huger, because there was plenty of room, seating, and service -- and parking spaces, too. This is a funky, quirky dive bar with a great patio, a big dance floor in the back room, and a large, diverse, and interesting menu.I ordered 20 wings, planning ahead for wings to take home, and we ended up with 13 left! These are big, meaty, full wings instead of individual wing joints; so an order of 20 runs about 5 pounds. Extra hot was a perfect choice, lots of nuanced flavor, not killer hot but a firm reminder of what "hot wings" is supposed to be about. Kevin likes seriously hot wings and said he is not tempted at all to try the "gringo killer" version offered here. The extra hot hit the spot. The wings come with a nice amount of impeccably fresh celery and carrot sticks, and the blue cheese dressing is full of -- gasp! -- blue cheese. The tater tots were piping hot, delectably crispy, and kept their flavor even when they reached room temperature (which they did only because an order is a very generous basket full). The total for all that food was just under $22, a great deal.Thirty taps of premium draft beer -- good, interesting beers -- in addition to taps of ordinary domestics which are very inexpensive during happy hour. Wow. I tried a Batch 19 (okay) and an excellent Tommyknocker Maple Brown. Kevin had a cola which was only $1 with free refills. Impressive.Some of the reviewers of this place don't seem to get the service plan: Go order for yourself, pay in advance, and then sit and wait for your food to be brought to you. Same with the bar; walk right up. The bartender was really friendly, attentive, and efficient. Not showy like those yahoos who toss the bottles around, but she was literally fixing drinks with both hands and turning them out very quickly. (You can wait around for table service if you want. Sometimes it's super fast, sometimes it's slow.)The music was very cool and not blaring like so many bars; we could converse with only a little added volume. It was modern, not country, but I don't know how to categorize it beyond that. The menu offers lots of tempting options -- the peanut butter bacon cheeseburger is reputedly awesome -- but it's going to be awfully hard to pass up those wings. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,6/13/2013,248,189,,9,5>This has just become one of my favorite restaurants in Denver (and I say that having gone during restaurant week, which many people consider to be the worst time for service).First, thank you Liam (sp?), our extremely friendly and attentive server who definitely disproved the idea that Restaurant Week means bad service.FOOD: AFor appetizers, we had the escargot, the potage vichyssois (cold soup), and the steak tartare. We thought all three were delicious and came in a perfect small portion. For the main course, we had the duckling, the salmon, and the mussels. I would gladly eat all 3 myself again. The duckling and salmon were both tender and succulent -- not dry in the least bit. They also had the perfect ratio of meat to side (about 3/4 meat to 1/4 side). The mussels were as good as any I've had in Belgium. The wine/shallot/butter/parsley sauce is definitely a winner. I'd come back just for the mussels.The crème brûlée was fantastic. Perfect ending to a perfect dinner.SERVICE: AOur server gave great suggestions for wine pairings, was always friendly and prompt, made sure we were enjoying each course, and made a special effort to ensure the salmon wouldn't be dry because someone in my party had briefly mentioned being worried about that. Overall, I couldn't ask for more.ATMOSPHERE: AVery cozy and romantic. It's a small restaurant, so you don't feel overwhelmed by space or noise. Perfect place for a date or a family dinner.DRINKS: AIf you ask, you can get some great pairing recommendations or ideas of what you might like. The wines are also not too overpriced, which a lot of nice restaurants (especially French ones) tend to do. Our bottle was $30 (normally about $15 in stores) -- which is a great deal if you ask me.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,6/12/2013,54,119,,10,6>I had been wanting to try Panzano FOREVER and finally was able to book a reservation for restaurant week.  We arrived early for our reservation so we were able to hang out in the bar for a few.  I started my night with a tasty glass of prosecco. Who doesn't like prosecco?!  For restaurant week, I was able to try the fried brussel sprouts--they came with pistachios, thinly sliced green apple and a maple type dressing.  I think those were my favorite item.  We also had the calamari.  While it was good, it wasn't anything to talk about.  With that said, does anyone do calamari outstanding?  Probably not.  Next up, salads. I had the spinach salad with green apple, gorgonzola and walnuts. The gorgonzola were these little light bits scattered around my plate.  Not too little and not too much.  My date ordered the caesar salad which had crispy capers and anchovies.  The capers were great toasted, I think it mellowed them out a bit.  On to the main course:  He ordered the rabbit confit gnocchi, I opted for the Pastiche.  I couldn't even finish my Pastiche as I wanted room for dessert.  Not that the portion size was large. Both our entree dishes came in mini dutch oven type pots.  I probably had two meatballs in there with a couple tortellini but it was plenty after all that food.  For dessert he had the tiramisu and I opted for the chocolate creme brulee with salted caramel. The creme brulee was great, but I definitely preferred the tiramisu.  Light, not soggy, perfect.  Their wine list is impressive and we definitely indulged.  Our service was great and I will definitely recommend Panzano to everyone and anyone.  Thanks for making our night extra special!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,6/11/2013,226,447,3,9,5>I have seriously been missing high quality Middle Eastern food ever since I moved to Boulder. Having lived in NYC and Montreal prior to this, I was used to felafel, shish taouk and fresh hummus being readily available and it was a bit of a shock to have to really search out this kind of food here. I am in love with Phoenician Kabob though and the incredible owner who is so wonderful and welcoming to my children whenever we stop by. The fresh pita is a real treat and recently we got to see the special pita-making oven in action - a highlight of our meal! The hummus is smooth and flavourful and I love that they have so many great combination plates, allowing you to really explore a lot of their offerings. The garlic spread is out of this world! Yes, I paid for my indulgence a little with some gastrointestinal discomfort but whatever...I splurged! You feel like family when you're at Phoenician Kabob and honestly if I lived closer, I would be there at least once a week!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,6/10/2013,56,212,4,4,4>I am the patron who slogs in on Saturday mornings, proudly sporting sweatpants and unkempt hair. I'm feeling like crap and want some tasty, hangover-easing noms. Sam's is the place.It's usually super busy. Let's start there. Be prepared to wait alongside a lot of old people who get fussy if their bubble gets invaded at all. Lots of kids, too. If you're alone, the spots at the rectangular bars are up for grabs, first come, first serve. These are fun areas to sit in, for sure. Usually some characters will be joining you to eat here.If you wait for a table of your own, you'll be happy as well. The plates of food here are huge, and it's nice to have room to sprawl. They don't understand--at all--the concept of lots of shots of espresso with a small amount of milk. I know, I shouldn't order an espresso drink at a diner, but I could not get the server to understand that I wanted 4 shots in a normal coffee mug topped with steamed milk. He told me I should try it in the 30 oz styrofoam cup they serve it in, and that it would be too strong otherwise. Shrug.Their food isn't blow your socks off awesome, the eggs didn't come from free range chickens living perfect lives, and their meat certainly didn't come from the happiest of  pigs and cows, but it's tasty. And when you're hungry Sam's serves up massive portions with super friendly, fast service. I'm a big fan of the Denver omelette, and my man always goes for the green chile and gyro meat omelette. Huge portions of above average food is what you'll be getting here. It's reasonably priced, and you need to try it at least once. It's my favorite morning date spot. Let's get our bacon on, baby.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,6/9/2013,99,235,,5,5>Falafel!!!!  Lentil soup was very good!!  Basmati rice!!!Interior - Colorful! Clean!  Relaxing! Inviting! Yummy! Delicious!We were searching for Mediterranean food on Yelp! (but of course, where else do you look for restaurants, businesses!),and this restaurant came up. The reviews were good, it had opened fairly recently, and it was close!  I was so glad we decided to give it a try!We ordered the small plate of falafel -5 or 6  fried chickpea patties served with tahini dip. I loved these! We also ordered a bowl of the Lentil soup - very good! The bowl was large enough to split between two people. For the entree, we ordered the Byblos Combo - $15, Hummus topped with chicken, and served with pita bread. WOW! This was excellent! With the entree, we also got humus, bread, and a salad. Lots of food! It truly was a large amount of food, so we took 1/4 of it home, and had it for lunch the next day, and it was still very good heated up (definitely a good sign!). Parking - small private lotService - good, not excellent, but as they had just recently opened, I'm not marking them down for that. It will take some time to "work out the kinks."Recommendation - most definitely! We will go back, and can't wait to try more yummy food!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,6/8/2013,188,261,7,6,6>charming spot! Very good at creating hangovers / black outs!If someone had to replace the beloved Lancer, we could do much worse! Love the 'no anger' sign that was made out of the old lancer one, plus the back area is fun. The vibe is much different than ol' LL, but their extensive music selection on the juke box allows you to turn this place into whatever you want it to be. We have rocked some metal, some old school, and some party music.Unfortunately this place is a little pricey. I ordered a dirty martini and it was friggen $12! So, I say wait until happy hour and SHARE. I downed two of them the other night and oops, blacked out. But those were damn tasty martinis, I sure remember that!Their drinks on tap are tasty depending on your poison of choice. The nippler or whatever it is, was delicious. Also, the hummus is quite good. That is as far as I have gotten on the menu. Depending on who you talk to, the service is hit or miss. Some of the bartenders are great, others have less than welcoming attitudes. Plus, I think this place is haunted by booze hound ghosts, there is just something in the air that says 'get crazy wasted here'. It was true under previous ownership and it is true today. Booooooooze!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,6/7/2013,35,184,5,4,5>I will start by saying I'm biased.  My fiancee and I had our first date at Pasquini's up in the Highlands, so we have an emotional connection to what are now being called Tony P's restaurants.  I think we've eaten at all of them except the original on South Broadway.  Things are pretty consistent at all the locations, so this review can apply to wherever.The first thing you'll notice after you sit down is that the breadsticks are (expletive deleted) amazing.  They're thick and bready, crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside, drizzled in butter, and served with delicious red sauce.I've never had anything but pizza and salads, but all the pizzas and all the salads are delicious.  I like a place that has "different" pizzas, and this place fits the bill.  They have a pizza that is absolutely loaded with green and black olives, one with ricotta and artichoke hearts, and one with asparagus and chicken.  If you're a boring dolt, you can also make yourself a pepperoni pizza.  All toppings are fresh (same goes for the gigantic salads) and plentiful.  One of my favorite things about their pizza is that it is not at all greasy.  The crust holds up well and shares the same positive characteristics of the bread sticks.  It's not healthy - it's pizza - but you don't necessarily feel your arteries clogging while you eat it.Service has always been fair to good.  Food comes out quickly, waters are refilled regularly.  They have an excellent happy hour, with extremely fairly priced drinks of all types.It's not the best pizza in Denver, but they've always been good to us, they serve quality food at a fair price, and we eat here for pizza more often than anywhere else in town.  And we eat A LOT of pizza, so that's saying something.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,6/6/2013,160,224,,7,6>First class service, ready to please! Slight problems with execution were resolved to our satisfaction.Having spent the Valentines week away from my sweetie, the night I returned made it up to her with a table at Venice, the original outlet of fine Italian restaurants in Denver. I remember when the original Venice was in a tiny hole in the wall now occupied by their sister restaurant, Chianti. This location has a traditional feel, but it's not quiet. The buzz created by couples and small groups adds to the flavor.Our server, Luis, was very attentive at first, but felt us two love birds should  be left alone to gaze upon each other. Toward the end of our meal, this turned into a slight liability, as we were ready to settle up & leave, but Luis was hard to find.Once we were seated, two types of bread, water, and Olive Oil & Balsamic Vinegar dip was set. Our meal started with a nice glass of Chianti, paired to our Bufala Caprese appetizer, a tower of two types of Tomato layered with silky & smooth Buffalo Mozzarella. Around the plate was pesto and fresh basil leaves. Ripping the leaves, and additing to the stack gave this appetizer an excellent, complex flavor.For my main course, I went with the basic spaghetti & meatballs. Although the pasta was cooked perfectly, the meatballs were not very warm. Girlfriend had the Eggplant Ravioli, which she raved over, stating it was one of the best meals she'd had in a long time. Finding our server to rectify my problem was difficult. However, once we go his attention, he more than made up for it by offering dessert and a split of prosecco. Very nice ending to a wonderful meal!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,6/5/2013,33,197,,8,5>I've tried the all-you-can-eat sushi fare at a couple different places - Sushi Katsu, Dragon Boat (which apparently doesn't offer this any longer), and Sushi Train.  I think this new restaurant is the best of bunch!The first thing you notice when you walk in is that the decor is really, really nice - you enter through a pagoda with plants all over the place, and they've got really cool bamboo accents all over.  The next thing you notice is the service - I was greeted by no less than three people on my way to the table!  Also, given that this place hasn't caught on yet, the place was fairly empty and quiet - quite a contrast to the constant craziness over as Katsu!I went for dinner and used a coupon in Westword to get my dinner for $19.99.  My only complaint was that they don't include any of their special rolls on the all-you-can-eat menu - you pay extra for those.  That being said, the selection of rolls and individual pieces was really good, and they also had a large list of appetizers, salads, and entrees to choose from.  I ordered Salmon, Yellow Tail, and Eel sushi plus a spicy tuna roll and an order of Gyoza.  The meat portions were VERY generous and it was the freshest sushi I've had in a long time!  The spicy tuna had a good kick without being overwhelming.  They could actually stand to make the rolls a little smaller - At eight large pieces, you're not going to want to order more than 1-2 rolls or you'll be paying for your leftovers, so if the portions were a little smaller people could get a little more variety.The gyoza was also delicious and fried in a different style than most places - it was more like tempura and pan fried, very light and crunchy.  The flavor was a nice mix of veggies and meat, but surprisingly didn't come with a dipping sauce.Bottom line: large portions, high quality, reasonably priced.  Check it out, I'd really like to see this place succeed!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,6/4/2013,246,749,,6,5>Great taproom and great grand opening event!It was incredibly crowded and felt understaffed, but I really don't think this crew could have done much better. The wait wasn't too long for beers and the service was friendly. I love that they opened up the brewery itself to the public for this event! It made for much more elbow room than may have been available otherwise.I wish I could remember the name of the food truck, because they were on it! There was minimal wait for food, which is rare with a big, popular event like this. A couple of their beers could have used better descriptions on the board. I ordered something called an IPA that was really a Wit Bier, disappointing. But, I'm sure they will remedy this as the taproom matures.This place is really close to one of my work facilities. So, I will definitely be back!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,6/3/2013,158,145,8,8,10>Strange is one of my favorite breweries in town. Why? For so many reasons...The Beer--they have got a great Imperial IPA that is one of my favorite local beers around. It's not always on tap, but they've gotten a pretty good response to it so hopefully it'll be around a lot more! I also love their Paint It Black Honey Coffee Stout, and sometimes will even go for their Cherry Bomb Belgian Stout (although it's borderline too sweet for me most days).The Place--it's SO chill. There is zero beer snobbery here and I love it that way. Also, FREE POPCORN!The People--They are beyond nice. They are always chatty and friendly. And quick to get you served, even when the place is pretty busy. Strange--I won't be a Stranger. (Ohhhhh...yikes, bad joke)
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,6/2/2013,212,1203,5,8,4>My Best friend has been telling me for years How good this place is. Well I guess Women are right alot of the time. The 2 Employees were busy behind the counter making up orders but they did acknowledge i was their and would be a little bit. Well I ordered the Bourbon Chicken, with Cajun Potatoes and Mac And Cheese. OMG. The bird who sacrificed himself for my lunch was so tasty. Big Huge Chunks of chicken and this was big enough to split into two meals. The sauce was great as it dripped down into the rice. It was sweet with a honey base but not to sweet. The Mac and cheese had real CHEESE and the Cajun Potatoes were on point. How can such a small space produce such great food? I'm sure somewhere she has a pot of love she puts in her cooking. The Smell even drifts over to 15th Ave, which this would be a Gluttonous Sin of mine if i Lived in the Area. And its definitely worth repeat trips from Lakewood to come down and Eat at. Close to Downtown as well if you want to eat it on the mall and people watch and know it will still be warm if not hot still.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,6/1/2013,152,243,8,11,7>Um, why is this dog park not the hot gossip amongst everyone? It's definitely the best dog park I've ever been to. Rolling fields of grass, mountain views, hikes in the trees, boulders, a creek and 3+ miles of trails. When I first got out of the car I thought we were in the wrong place, because it was so nice, until an unleashed dog came bounding out of the woods. Then about 15 minutes into our walk I thought people were letting their dogs play on some farmland, but it turned out that was the enclosed area of the dog park. We walked about 30 minutes or so on the trails and through the woods without seeing another human or dog. My dog was excited about that since she's not very social but does enjoy going bat-shit crazy off of her leash.Take your dog here and they will be the happiest ever!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/31/2013,306,629,5,6,8>When we arrived at Root Down on a Sunday night, my husband leaned over and whispered, "this place is full of hipsters."  You can describe this restaurant a lot of ways, and there's a lot of great things about it, but that sentence does pretty much sum it up.  Root Down is very green and very local, which I'm definitely a fan of.  About 70% of their menu is organic and they have local suppliers providing products ranging from poultry to tofu. Reverse osmosis water seemed like a nice idea, but tasted a bit funny in our opinion.  Their menu is very accomodating to those with dietary restrictions, which is nice these days. They do a $52.80 menu every Sunday, which is a nice way to try out a few courses without breaking the bank.  On our  visit, I tried the arugula salad and enjoyed it, largely because of  the generous amounts of mango and avocado slices.  My husband liked the carrot curry soup, but said it mostly tasted like curry.  We both had the chili roast chicken as our entree.  He was disappointed that it was skin-on, but the meat had great flavor and the sauce was delicious.  We both enjoyed the grits cake, but weren't sold on the spinach side salad with shaved carrot and cucumber.  We tried both dessert options, the chocolate pots de creme and the croissant bread pudding; the croissant bread pudding was delicous, with a lovely citrus whiskey sauce, but the chocolate was very good as well.  The drink menu is great, with a lot of specialty cocktails that sounded amazing.  My hummingbird was delicious.  We thought the wine list was a little lacking, but the cocktail menu and Scotch selection made up for it.  (Apparently, Scotch cancels out the effect of hipsters, who knew?)The food and service were both great, and I think I'd go back, although maybe I'd rather just try happy hour.  If you are a hipster, this will be your heaven.  If you're tolerant of hipsters, you'll appreciate the environment and enjoy the food.  If you're hipster-averse, well, buyer beware, but you should still enjoy.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,5/30/2013,197,231,6,8,4>Couple of my co-workers went on a PHO BINGE and drug me along for a few days.  So I guess you could say, I was the 3rd wheel to their Pho-natic excursions.  Anyway. They talked up Pho Saigon big time and this place didn't disappoint.  I've really never been into Pho in a serious way, but it turns out I quite like it.  Pho Saigon has 3 portion sizes for people of varying hunger:  Small, Medium, or Large.  Or as I like to call them: Normal, Giant and Bathtub.    And all of them are very very reasonably priced.  I generally get the "Giant" size with rare beef on the side so I can drop it in and let it cook at my leisure.  This keeps it from cooking too much in the hot as hell broth.  Speaking of the broth, it's very very flavorful.  Obviously I'm not an expert, but I've enjoyed the hell out of it every time.  I spice it up with some chili sauce, toss in some sprouts and basil and go for it.  I haven't had anything else so my review is confined to this dish, which I give a resounding thumbs up.The lunch wait on a weekday is a little long due to the place's popularity, but they keep it moving pretty quickly and the service is very economical, which I appreciate.All in all, I'll have to mark this place down as a "to take Ladyhawk for lunch" location.  Radical.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/29/2013,22,562,,9,7>First visit to Old Major will definitely result in multiple return visits.  On a Saturday night the place was packed and we managed to squeeze in a couple of seats at the bar with one person in our group standing.  The bartenders were helpful at creating a drink to fit your tastes in addition to whatever was on the menu.  Friendly and helpful with providing tastes of liquor to help you make the right decision.We ordered 3 small plates to share - the pistachio sausage, fried goat cheese, and beef cheek.  All were served with either a deliciously prepared side vegetable or a pureed vegetable.  Rich, decadent, and filling.  The prices at Old Major are on the high side, so come prepared to shell out some dough for a couple of cocktails and your food.  The dress is casual to business-casual.  Decor feels like an old-time, western-ish type atmosphere - trendy, but well done.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,5/28/2013,81,18,13,16,12>Gentlemen, picture this:You bring your date down the stairs and into what looks like a deserted 1950s pie shop as she stares at you, confused. Suddenly a woman appears in the pie shop and asks you if you have a reservation. You look at your date confidently - of course you do. The woman at the pie counter takes your name and escorts you through an unsuspecting door and into what could only be a prohibition-era speakeasy.The Green Russell does drinking in a way that works for dates and doesn't work for that creepy guy at the Tavern Downtown who's hoping to swoop in with free drinks for your date while you're waiting in line for the restroom that reeks of hulk-vomit. Every drink at the Green Russell is hand crafted by attractive bartenders who can chisel the ice for your cocktail almost as well as they can concoct it. Your date will be impressed that she can have cocktails in a place so classy and you will get points for showing off your knowledge of their extensive whiskey list (study up, boys).The drinks are pricy for Denver standards at ~$9 - 14 a pop, but you like the girl, so go all out. RECOMMENDATIONS:Get a reservation (seriously, even just for drinks. you need one.)Have them make you a custom drinkTry the pieChat up the knowledgable bartendersTry the beer, specially made for the GR by the brew-geniuses at Great DivideFor more of my reviews, check out: goutaste.com/category/re
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/27/2013,186,551,7,5,5>Here's the schpeel, yo.  Went here for brunch before and it was pretty brunchtastic.  Went for dinner with my peeps the other night, and I felt like I got laid walking out of the place.  No, I wasn't drinking so I know damn well I actually didn't do anything with a hobby horse, but damn if that wasn't some of the best mac n cheese, and the Rocky Mountain burger was not only crazy good, all of their burgers seem to be pretty creative.  The lamb was perfect in my burger, the bun was holy hell good, the fries...who cares about fries?  The mint sauce on the burger provided a great tang.  Overall, one of my favorite burgers in town on a regular menu, and the mac n cheese was sick.  One of my peeps even thought so too, and her palate sucks!  Not sure what that says about anything, but...oh, service rocked it too.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/26/2013,220,1215,,8,6>This place looks really creepy from the outside, and unfortunately is in a portion of Broadway where things have started to "slow down".But it's worth a pop inside. I've met a friend for lunch and then hubby and i stopped in when we were in the area getting our bikes worked on.I went with my stand by to confirm how it stood up - drunken noodles. I had forgoten the spice level from my first visit, and they reminded me that 3 was what normal people thought was hot, so i went with 4. That was a nice amount of spice and made the nose run! But left the flavor in tact, and delicious. I made sure to split the dish right when it came out and enjoyed the left overs for lunch the next day! Definitely a good amount of food,although the dish makes it looks smaller!The dish was very tasty and I enjoyed it quite a bit. I'm looking forward to trying a few more dishes!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/25/2013,315,429,4,6,7>300th review, OMG!I've been trying to save up some classically "must-try" Denver joints for my 300th review and I must say, I think Snooze is quintessentially Denver!  So voilà!I've been driving past this Snooze location for years, for years people! and have never stopped because it is almost always mad busy.  I'm not a huge fan of waiting 45-60 minutes for breakfast, so the wait has always deterred me.  Recently a friend of mine kept pushing that the wait was worth it, so yesterday, Lisa H and I decided to simply cruise by and see how many people were lingering outside the door and then decide if we'd like to attempt to eat at Snooze.The breakfast gods must have been smiling upon us yesterday because there wasn't a soul standing outside the doors and patio at 8:30AM on a Sunday.  We couldn't believe it, so we quickly found the last spot in the parking lot behind the little shopping center at 7th and Colorado and ran our hungry selves inside.While there may not have been anyone outside, the inside was absolutely packed:  all of the booths, tables, breakfast bar, and heated patio were chalk full.  I immediately placed our name on the waiting list and was amazed that the wait would only be about 10-15 minutes.  (I understand from Vicki P that the wait soon ballooned to over an hour by the time she popped by later in the morning!)  As promised, we were sat fairly quickly at the breakfast bar.  This is perfect for two people, so we had no qualms with the location.  I'm sure it's a bit more of a headache for larger groups.I was originally planning on enjoying some tea but then opted for a mimosa.  When in Rome as they say!  Everything on Snooze's menu looks amazing.  Lisa's staple breakfast food is Eggs Benedict while mine swings between pancakes and French toast.  After being told the pancake of the day, "Denver" cream pie, I knew I had to try the pancake flight sampler.  For how crazy busy this place is, I was incredibly impressed with the friendly and fast service.  Everything came out perfectly!  For my flight of pancakes, I got the Denver Cream pie, the Upside Down Pineapple pancake, and the Pear and Walnuts pancake with an egg and bacon on the side.  Oh Em Gee.  These pancake were easily the best I've ever had.  All were unique and oh so tasty.  My favorite was the pear and walnuts pancake, just perfect flavors together.  I loved the cinnamon on the Pineapple pancake, very awesome!  While I enjoyed the cream pie, which was indeed exactly like a Boston Cream Pie donut, complete with the center hollowed out and full of cream, it was just a bit too sweet for me.  One was perfect, three of them would have been way too much for my palate!  As for Lisa's Eggs Benedict, she kept raving about the Hollandaise sauce.  And from the looks of her empty place, she enjoyed her meal just as much as I enjoyed mine!Alright Snooze, you have a fan in me.  I'm so pleased that there's such a great breakfast joint on this side of town that has an awesome ambiance and amazing food.  The place is funky and the service is stellar.  The food is easily 5 stars for breakfast food, but I still have to knock one star off because of the consistently crazy wait times.  Sure you can be lucky as we were, but it's a rarity.  It's not Snooze's fault that they are so awesome, but hot damn, that wait time...I do look forward to returning soon!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,5/24/2013,154,335,6,6,9>Okay I could write a review about the friendly host, or the ample parking. I could even write about the comfortable neighborhood bar feel or the incredibly tender smoked chicken I had. I could even write a review about how the risotto moved me to declare this was a must return place. But it is just not in my. Because the review that needs to be written is about .. sticky toffee pudding.I would tell you to close your eyes but if you did you couldn't read so I will close my eyes instead and describe it to you. Imagine a feather light spice cake drenched in a buttery toffee sauce and sprinkled with pecans and bacon. Now imagine that first bite giving tenderly between your teeth as you savory spicy and sweet then salty and rich. Did you just shiver? I did, now imagine the way you feel when you take a second bite with a spoon of their double rich vanilla ice cream that feels like a blessing of cool relief after the warm kiss of the pudding. Yes this is nothing like we have pudding here in the USA and its not like sticky toffee pudding in the UK. This is something better, something pure Berkshire and something worth every decadent calorie.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,5/23/2013,331,569,9,10,13>The Brew Hut, a candy store for homebrewers, but instead of licorice and gummy worms, their inventory is stocked with hops, malt, and yeast.  Located within the same building as Dry Dock, you're able to drink while you shop, which is an idea I strongly encourage more stores to get on board with.  Think about it, Nordstrom, you'd have a loyal customer for life.The employees here assume that you know what you're doing.  They'll stand back and let you fill your bag with grains, weigh your malt, and operate the mill and so on, but they are also very helpful should you  have a question (or happen to jam the mill - oops!).If you're not quite ready to take hold of the homebrewing reigns, they also have kits to help get you started.  No one is forcing you into the deep end...yet.  If you're like us and dream to be the next brewery on the block or if you just want to see if you can create something that's drinkable and doesn't make anyone blind, then visit the Brew Hut and they'll get you set up.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,5/22/2013,232,372,8,10,11>It's more than a little dangereux to live right around the corner from this lovely pâtisserie.  Mr. P. and I have developed a slight addiction to the quiches, which come in many varieties:  Jambon (ham)Lorraine (bacon)Alsacienne (bacon and onion)Florentine (spinach)Fromage (goat cheese - oui!)Champignons (mushrooms)Provençale (tomatoes)They are personal sized so we always get a few different kinds to share.  The crust is buttery and rich and the fillings are très délicieux.  We also love the light and flakey croissants and j'adore les pains au chocolat.During the holiday season, you can order a bûche de Noël (yule log cake) from the bakery.  We did this past year and it was festively decorated in a woodland theme, complete with a forest gnome.  Both the cake and chocolate ganache were very light and airy and practically dissolved in your mouth with each bite.  I'm glad we tried it but I prefer a more substantial chocolate cake.So now that my high school French is exhausted (and certainly grammatically incorrect), let me leave you with one last thought: c'est magnifique!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,5/21/2013,268,175,24,10,13>So Perfect Eats is so girl-y.  It's definitely a 'ladies who lunch' kind of place or the kind of place your GF, or if you still happen to be married, your wife, will insist on stopping in for sustenance while you're carrying her bags full of designer shoes through CCN.  This place is bright and sunny and cheery, like a 6 year old girl's bedroom if it had lots of windows and was painted an apple green color. There is limited seating with a few tables and some bar height tables too in this boutique sized space.  Oh yeah, there is also a lot of clutter, I mean darling hostess gifts from France, Denmark and the Netherlands, nattily displayed in cubbies along two walls just like any other precious gift shop that women find irresistible. Why me? Oh yeah the monthly UYE luncheon (what else would I call it?) with fellow Yelps. You want me to watch your purse? Sure.The adorable factor doesn't stop with the space but continues with the hyperfeminine naming of the many salads ("Mama Mia": arugula and shaved artichokes with grilled chicken, parmesan and lemon olive oil dressing) and sandwiches ("I Love Paris" with French Ham, Brie, and Honey Cup Mustard on a Baguette). I chose the "You Can't Beet This" Salad ($12.95). I have to admit it was a damn good salad, oh excuse my choice of words again, I mean the most delightful salad, of grilled chicken, crumbled goat cheese, lots of roasted beets, some mandarin oranges and pecans atop mixed greens with balsamic dressing, on the side of course.  It was really tasty; you don't even need to add the dressing.  I had some mango iced tea too, when in Rome right?So Perfect Eats also caters, you know for those bridal showers, bridge clubs, spa parties, knitting circles (seriously, it's on their website) and other girl's nights. Parking is on the street and this place is tucked away up a flight of stairs just off Fillmore Street between 2nd and 3rd.Why do I suddenly have a craving for a single malt, a cigar, and a visit to Shotgun Willie's?007.13
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,5/20/2013,164,180,15,12,9>The following is a true story:I bobbed into The Desk to get a lavender latte because they are one of the few coffee shops that have lavender syrup (it's delicious). However, the gingersnap chai on their menu board caught my eye so I tried it. All the way to work I said this statement out loud... alone... in my car after each sip: "Oh my god. Oh my god." It's. So. Good. The end.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/19/2013,113,364,3,6,6>What happens when you take the 2up, shrink it ever so slightly in size, move to an easier to get to location, and thereby get rid of a lot of the bros? The 2up, of course!I've been to the 1up a few times now, and although I'm a big fan of their selection of old school games, the chance to get a 40 of Colt 45, and giant jenga, I am NOT a fan of the bro-y crowd it attracts, it's location for just a one stop (I always have to plan to be in LoDo for a while), and how absolutely packed it can get.Well, when the girlfriend offered a trip to the newer 2up one Saturday afternoon, I was ready to check it out....and I was not disappointed!We went right when they opened on Saturday, at 3 PM-parking was a breeze, as there were meters literally right in front of the building. Can't ever say that about 1up!We walked in and were immediately greeted by the bartender, who gave us the special for the day-$3 PBR tall boys. Still having a special on the weekends=major points! Besides the cheap stuff, they also have some really good stuff on tap (like Great Divide), plus, of course, hard stuff and a full bar.I felt like the place was the perfect size and had the perfect variety of games-there was everything from Frogger and Pac Man, to Carnevil and Mortal Kombat, to skee ball and pinball. All of the games were working, which is something I'm not sure I've ever been able to say about 1up, unfortunately. There's also a fun little photo booth that does the 4 picture strip, which is quite cool to see.All in all, it's like the 2up took everything that 1up wasn't getting right and ironed it out-it's a good size with a good variety of games, the staff is friendly is awesome, and the location can't be beat.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,5/18/2013,208,396,4,6,7>I love that there are still record stores.  And, I love that Twist & Shout is independently owned, not some big chain.  I may be old fashioned, but most of the time if I'm going to buy an album, I want the physical CD with the case and the artwork.  Sure, I'll buy digital songs as well, but there's something about opening a new CD and exploring it.  And, sometimes I want some music that's a bit on the obscure side and not available at my Super Target.  And, sometimes I don't want to wait for it to arrive from Amazon.  This is a great store to browse, take in the vibe, and quite possibly come home with an unexpected, fantastic musical find.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,5/17/2013,310,333,5,6,6>The Lobby bills itself as "an inspired American grille" (is the 'e' on the end of 'grille'  American? I'm unsure), and has a giant restaurant space complete with outdoor courtyard seating. They've got a rotating tap list of top notch beer, a location right across the street from Great Divide Brewing Co in case you need some food after tasting some craft brews, and a menu centered around 1/2 lb. stuffed burgers. By "stuffed", The Lobby means that all of the toppings listed are put inside of the large burger patty before it's cooked. The main line-up of stuffed burgers includes meat stuffed with blue cheese and caramelized onions, cream cheese and jalapenos, mushroom and swiss cheese, and bacon, cheddar, and bbq sauce.And then they have the Diablo Stuffed Burger.The Diablo Stuffed Burger is touted by the menu simply as "The Hottest Burger in Denver". Now, from my experience any place that explicitly lists something on their menu as the "hottest", "best", or "biggest" it usually doesn't even come close to it. So I took to Yelp to look up some reviews from people who've eaten the Diablo Burger. What I found confirmed my initial thoughts: a burger that was spicy, but wasn't anything that you hadn't experienced before if you eat spicy food often (which I definitely do).Now, the menu doesn't really tell you what the burger is stuffed with, so you're taking a little bit of a leap of faith. Not only did I come to find out that it was a bit spicier than Yelp reviewers indicated, but it very well could be the hottest damn burger in the Mile High City. The burger is stuffed with fresh cut jalapenos (hotter than the ones packed in jars with vinegar), and a habanero cream cheese mixture (that not only oozes  out from the burger when you take a bite, but literally gets into every nook and cranny of the burger and your mouth). As if that wasn't enough, the burger patty itself is blackened with cayenne, and topped with cayenne crusted bacon strips and another spicy sauce.This burger knocked me on my ass from the very first bite. I struggled to not show my anguish, especially when nearly every employee came up to me and asked about it, all with the same "this guy is crazy" look on their face. The spice just kept building, but as people who like spicy food know, it becomes something that's addicting and makes you want to keep eating. Finally, with my eyes and nose watering like crazy, I had to tap out after eating about 3/4 of the burger. The nail in the coffin was actually the cayenne crusting, which just became overwhelming the more and more I ate.After leaving The Lobby for the first time without really having tasted the burger hidden between all of that spice, I felt that it needed a second shot to be adequately judged. So my wife and I went back to The Lobby a week later and split the bacon, cheddar, and bbq sauce stuffed burger. The concept of the stuffed burger is pretty cool and it works really well when the cheese/toppings come oozing out of the center of the burger. The only problem comes with the construction of the meat itself, which gets cooked into more of a fatter ball than a thin patty, which makes it hard to cook evenly. So (with both burgers actually), the outer parts of the burger were a lot more well-done than the inner parts. The bun was good though as you can see and I really liked the sweet bbq sauce.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/16/2013,115,175,3,8,3>I have a friend who lives in the Ballpark Lofts across the street, and he mentioned this place was opening, so we decided to give them a try on their opening night!The place wasn't packed, but I think this was due to the snowpocalypse hype and the NCAA national championship game being on. It did fill up a bit more towards the end of the dinner hours. The ambiance was very nice, a large open space in the bar area, with a private space off to the side. There was some cool art, and the decor was really casual and comfortable. There are plenty of seating options, including traditional booths, tables, hi-tops, bar area, and a bigger family-style table in the back.The staff was very friendly and attentive, although the place was clearly overstaffed that night. Hopefully this would still be the case, even when it gets busy. The staff also mentioned something about a happy hour all day for neighbors deal, so this might be something worth asking about if you live in the area.The food was very good-- they serve bread with an agave butter which is very nice, and a little bit sweet.I had the lamb burger, which was very good, and my friend had calamari and sushi, which he said he enjoyed too. The menu was very accommodating, it looks like there would be something for everyone.The beer selection was quite wide, but I was surprised that given the RiNo brewing company next door they only had two of their beers on tap. They also had a wide selection of custom cocktails and a bunch of bottles, too.Overall, I had a very nice experience there, and I am absolutely planning on going back.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,5/15/2013,14,87,2,9,5>Great family-owned neighborhood restaurant.  The food is always very good, and made to order.  Basically if you want hash or crepes, this place will satisfy.  They serve Novo Coffee, which is always a treat.  The staff is always super friendly as well.  It's well-worth a trip.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,5/14/2013,185,459,2,11,6>Man am I glad this dinner happened!  Bryan and Lacey M invited me to dinner last Saturday night when one of our friends was in from out of town.  They had been here for brunch and raved about it, so I couldn't wait to try the place.  We had reservations at 6:45, got here a bit early and I went to the bar to order a round for us.  It took some time to get the bartender to notice me, just long enough for me to become slightly perturbed.  I became a little more when I waited for over ten minutes for him to make three Manhattans, and then he took forever trying to find 3 matching glasses even after I told him three times that we didn't care about the size variation.  By the time they were almost ready I noticed he was making them with a different whiskey than I had ordered.  By this time I was irritated and everyone was already sitting at the table and waiting for me, so I just gave up.Once we sat down, however, everything was peaches and cream.  Courtney was our waitress, and she provided flawless service.  She got our drinks quickly, kept the water glasses full and the table clean, and was very pleasant in her interactions with us.  Our first course consisted of bacon wrapped dates, brussel sprouts, tuna tartar, and the charcuterie platter.  I didn't partake of the tuna, but everything else was mouth watering good.  The charcuterie was my favorite by far, I highly recommend trying this.For dinner, two of us had the skirt steak, one the salmon, and one the lamb shank.  I loved the steak beyond most things I've tried, but found myself wishing I had gone with the lamb, which came with the most delicious piece of lamb sausage I've ever had.  I even enjoyed the bite of salmon I tried (which I normally don't care for at all).For dessert, we had glasses of ice wine, port, and a couple of scotches.  Their drink menu is very impressive, with something for every ones tastes.  A pretty small selection when it comes to beer, but they do have a good IPA which goes well with their menu.Honestly, the only thing that keeps this from being a 5 star experience was the bar issue, which was just too much of a mess to blow off.  Maybe the bartender was inexperienced, but hopefully that will be ironed out.  Other than that, I loved the evening, loved the food, and loved Courtney, and I can't wait to come back!Cheers!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,5/13/2013,260,513,2,12,9>7 Leguas Grill took the place of Tacos de Chorizo and I am so happy that they did as their Mexican food is some of the best I have tasted in a long time. 7 Leguas serves classic Mexican food, seafood, and interesting chicken dishes such as arroz con pollo and pollo crema. I have read the word authentic to describe the dishes and I agree but I want to describe it a bit differently with an example. Both of my grandmothers were authentic Southern cooks; however, my Dad's mom was an exceptional cook. I think of 7 Leguas Grill as being in the same category as my Dad's mom, exceptional.The husband ordered the arroz con pollo and gave it a major thumbs up. I had cheese enchiladas with their green chili and loved every bite. I do want to gush about the beans, I know they are just a small side dish but these refritos were supurb in their seasoning and texture. Happy Hour is 3 -7 which means most of the time cocktails with dinner will be cheap. And Bernardo and his wife, the owners, are so nice and friendly. I hope this little place stays in the neighborhood as it really will become a regular.And that is the review. My last comment is that the star count is exact and I promise I did not give an extra star because of the name. 7 Leguas was Poncho Villa's horse and the inside of 7 Leguas Grill is decorated with both of their pictures.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,5/12/2013,285,768,1,6,7>Found my new lunch spot! Kim Ba has everything I look for in a lunch during the work week. It's affordable, quick, nice service, and it's really good. Like most reviews get the 14/15 combo. That's honestly all I've ever had here, and it's probably all I ever will order.  It is fantastic. The egg rolls are out of this world. I love that they chop them up into bite size pieces and place them on top of a hefty amount of rice noodles. I like to allow mine to get a bit soggy from the broth.  You can order beef or pork for your meat in the combo and I always get pork. The flavors are out of this world. The textures are amazing. The temperature is always just right.  It's just perfection! I usually enjoy a warm Vietnamese coffee and from time to time will split an appetizer if I'm with friends. The crab rangoons are the best I've ever had. You will no longer be able to order them from anywhere else because compared to Kim Ba, every other place doesn't come close. They are full of crab and cream cheese and are served piping hot. I do want to explore the menu more but when you find a dish at a place that you just love it's very hard to stray.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,5/11/2013,155,280,5,6,5>Not since the grudge rock era has Nirvana been so widely spoken about. Now, I can proudly boast, I not only hear people speaking about Nirvana constantly, I have witnessed them tasting it and embracing it. So yes, I got a little giddy one early chilly, windy Sunday afternoon in Boulder, when I too, felt the spiritual enlightenment.Nirvana is alive and well (sans the flannel shirts) and to many, it's known as the Avery Brewery and Tap House. Of course the "Smells Like Teen Spirit" have been replaced by hops, barley and subtle hints of chocolate and citrus.The tasting room opens at 11am. When I walked in, Michelle immediately greeted me with an approachable and kind smile.  Her partner, Kyle "Hair Kevin" was already busy helping with a tour that just pulled up, and simultaneously both welcomed me.This little powerhouse of a brewery, hidden in an alleyway behind a car wash, boasts (by their patrons, not themselves) the best IPA on planet Earth. I guess the reviews are waiting to come back from Mars.Michelle gave me the "menu of the day", and I ordered the Amarillo IPA. As Michelle poured the golden colored IPA, she explained the beer to me, as if I was the only one in the place. She took her time and was genuinely interested on how much I enjoyed the draw.It is very apparent; Avery takes pride in their brewing, their staff, their community and their brewery. It's a fun place, with extraordinary beers. On Sunday's, they have a running club, show up at 10am, when you finish your run, you get (deserve) a FREE beer.Look them up at AveryBrewing.com, you'll be blown away!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,5/10/2013,195,191,3,7,6>This exhibit is UNBELIEVABLY Awesome!!! I love museums, educational exhibits and anything that intellectually expands my mind.   I've always known Da Vinci was an actual Genius!  Most genius' are close to being lunatics if they aren't a serial killer or they are borderline retarded.  Their mind is so focused and tuned in on one thing which allows them to be a genius in that one thing.  This guy though was a True genius!  I went here with my daughter & hubby.  We found it SOOO fascinating and I am planning on going back!  This time with both my daughters and spending more time in there.  The curator was the director of the exhibit and he was So knowledgeable and very charismatic when speaking.  I was so captivated and would love to have him as the tour guide again.  I'm a firm believer that you learn something more and knew of everything with anything and I am all about expanding my education and intelligence.   I could live in this place for a Whole month!  I want to read Everything about Da Vinci.  I am currently researching him online and looking on amazon to purchase his biography and works.  Another good thing about the tour guide was that he told us about LA BELLA PRINCIPESSA  & MONKS OF MT. ATHOS on 60 minutes and to google it.  He was such a Wealth of knowldedge that I find it rather sexy in man.  I am fascinated by intelligence that it's like an aphrodisiac to me.  This is by far the best exhibit/museum I've EVER been too!  Oh and they gave me a military veteran's price, but I would gladly pay double the entry fee.  You can't put a price on education!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,5/9/2013,683,1119,14,12,9>Well hello 1955, where ya been?This truly is a surreal experience. A huge and sprawling colonial themed restaurant, with paintings of Washington and Adams intermingle with a hodge podge of home spun decorations from your great grandmother's parlor.The clientele on a Friday night was grand kids and 70 and 80 year olds. Seriously amazing. And then there's the vittles: bowls of fluorescent red canned beets, kidney bean salad, cottage cheese and creamy cole slaw. My wife had the NY steak, char broiled with a burned crust and perfect on the inside. Really good. I had a chicken breast with wild rice, also excellent. I should have known better than to order a carafe of generic Burgundy wine that came with a thick froth. Eesh.The waiters are in old time vests, the waitresses are  in a frilly apron uniform. Very dated.After dinner we retired to "The Barn". Like a mini Grand Old Opry, they have a "porch" where the band plays. The group we saw featured an 86 year old lead on guitar, a steel guitar player, fiddler on his last bow, and an arthritis wracked keyboard player.The music was Bob Wills and Gospel. Amazingly entertaining, just to see the gumption of these geezers having so much joy."The Barn;'" is surrounded by a gift shop. If you're old enough to remember Stuckey's, you'll understand the comparison. As we left, my wife ventured to the petting zoo where we fed a baby cow, baby goat, two voracious ducks and trio of sheep. She loved it and I loved to see her joy.This whole place is last vestige of old Americana, charming, dated, both dull and fun. Pops in your dentures and give it a whirl!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,5/8/2013,218,194,3,7,6>I was intrigued when I saw Kristos Olive Oil being put together at the north end of Olde Town Arvada.  Even though I do love a good EVOO it seemed like a big space for a shop just specializing in them.  I was finally able to check it out for myself last week while I was showing the area off to my visiting family.  Man was I glad we did!  Lots of great basic EVOO's from around the globe, plus a bunch of ones infused with dozens of different flavor combos.  They offer bread so you can try out as many as you'd like.  They also carry balsamic vinegars, again basic ones and ones infused with some creative flavors.  Peppers, fruits, mmmm!  The girl working there was awesome, telling us all about the different types of oils and ways to use them.  You can get a wide variety of sizes, and they offer recipe sheets showing different ways to use the array of flavors available.   It would be cool if there was more info posted for each of the basic oils, just a little more signage/info cards overall I guess.I think everyone in our group bought something, it all just looked (and tasted) so good.  I know I'll be back for more soon!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,5/7/2013,476,701,11,11,7>Ramen Sunday. Goes something like ths...Everybody I guess knows about this little spot inside of Niwot Market now as evidenced by the fact every J-nese food head in Colorado swarms the place on Sundays since it is the only day they make ramen. How is it? Well first off let me ask you, "How much time do you have to have lunch?". If it's less then say 1 1/2 hours then I'd say you don't have time to eat here. My second question would be, 'How much do you like ramen?". If you answer this to the tune, "Ramen is my life's blood!" or "I've been searching my whole life for a great bowl of ramen!' then possibly the bowl at the end of the impossible wait might make it worth it for you. Of course we made the rookie mistake of going to a small restaurant with a group of more than four people (there were 7 if you want to know) and of course that threw a gorilla in the kiddie pool and all hell broke loose. It took us an hour and twenty-three minutes to get our food! That's a flippin' record wait time for this impatient dude. When the bowl arrived, I took a moment to absorb the gestalt, the char siu pork, the kamaboko naruto. the thin sheet of nori, the boiled egg half, the kernels of corn...  then after that moment passed (about three seconds),  I sipped the soup (damn good), ate all the solid contents out of the bowl (great noodles), and finally raised it to my lips and drained it dry ala the movie Tampopo. If you don't know the movie... then you just don't know. Next time I'm either gonna be the first guy in line when they open or I'm bringing a book or maybe my ipad loaded with a movie for the wait... oh, I know! i'll rewatch Tampopo for the 50th time. Yeah, that's the plan.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,5/6/2013,46,83,2,8,9>I had a fantastic meal here.  Started with the black bean soup and a Ceasar salad.  The soup was perfectly complex yet simple and delicious and is the owners mother's recipe. The salad had one of the best anchovy forward yet balanced dressings I have ever tasted.   Marcos the owner came over and spoke with me, a very nice guy, he and his wife have created a really comfortable space to enjoy a nice game or just hang out with family and friends and relax.  They have a nice bar area and a good amount of really good beers on tap.  The pizza I had was the Portuguese, it was very good and transported me to to a happy place.  All the ingredients work together perfectly and the thin crust allows you to continue eating since it's a lighter pizza than your typical joint.  This place has a new regular customer.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,5/5/2013,226,414,1,10,7>MEATBALLS! YES!I seriously love meatballs. I have oft wondered why someone had not started an eatery completely dedicated to this culinary delight. The void has now been filled. ADDITIONALLY, all of their meatballs are gluten free. This is nearly unheard of! It's nice to know they are not relying on breadcrumbs to pack their meatballs. Way to think outside the box, kids.Though I'm not completely sold on everything here, I like to give new businesses the benefit of the doubt. It's tough out there and I think they're trying really hard.I had the chicken adobo meatballs on a salad with the garlic dressing. I did think the chicken meatballs were a bit dry but they have this awesome SASO sauce which is made locally- and it definitely elevated my dining experience. The salad was delicious. I really wanted to try a different combo but you're a bit restricted once you opt for the salad beneath your meatballs. The counter guy is really helpful in picking combos that go well together. Unless you're set on something, I would just pick out what really appeals to you (whether that's a sauce or the meatball itself) and ask how he'd recommend building it from there.Hubs had the Beef Philly sandwich. I had a taste of those meatballs and I did not find them to be as dry. I did think the smothering cheese seemed a bit overwhelming but Hubs didn't seem to mind!I like that they use quality ingredients and seem to be committed to eco-friendly standards. I do wish they'd take this one step further and offer real drinking glasses and real flatware. Not only would this elevate the dining experience, it would remind you that the food you're consuming is quality- and not just another fast-casual place.BTW, you absolutely have to know that this place is here. It is not visible from the road. It's actually off of Yale and in the same strip mall as King Soopers, next to the new Lark Burger.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,5/4/2013,29,15,10,19,11>I've been relying on the Yelp community to locate amazing food and experiences across the country since at least 2007; however, I have never actually written a review myself...until now.  My Yelp Elite wife Kristy K derisively calls me a "Yelpie," implying that I am nothing more than a groupie riding on the coattails of the Yelp community to satiate my own carnal desires.  What has inspired me to finally drop my longstanding veil of silence on Yelp?  It is my passionate love for Boney's Smokehouse, which I feel compelled to shout about from mountaintops so that others may be lucky enough to experience the same deliciousness that I do on a weekly basis (it wasn't my wife's elitist derision, I promise)!As background, I consider myself a bit of a BBQ connoisseur.  I grew up in Georgia, went to college in North Carolina, and have spent the last decade visiting various BBQ meccas across the country throughout the entire Southeast, St. Louis, Kansas City, Chicago, and Texas.  I personally make my own pulled pork and brisket on my smoker using my own unique homemade BBQ rubs and sauces.  So, don't question my BBQ credentials simply because I'm some chump from Denver writing his first Yelp review.  But enough about me, let's get to the real star of the show.Boney's not only makes my favorite BBQ in Denver, but it is also one of my very favorite BBQ establishments in the entire country.  Boney's BBQ is consistently excellent in everything that they do.  I reguarly order the pulled pork, brisket, ribs, and smoked chicken wings, and yet I still can't decide which I like best because they are all so amazing across the board.  I generally opt for the 2-meat plate, so that I can get my choice of two of Boney's delectable smoked meats.  Do not neglect Boney's variety of homemade sauces, which are located on the countertop where you retreive your order!  In particular, Boney's Hog's Hell BBQ sauce is delightfully spicy and smoky and is perhaps my favorite BBQ sauce I have ever tasted.    Boney's pulled pork is always extremely tender and juicy with a crispy bark of dry rubbed spices and a beautiful pink smoke ring.  I always order my pulled pork without sauce and then top the pork with my own combination of their (1) spicy vinegar-based Eastern North Carolina style BBQ sauce and (2) spicy Hog's Hell BBQ sauce.  The resulting spicy, tangy BBQ sauce is the perfect compliment to their tender, spicy, smokey pulled pork.  You should try it out!Boney's brisket is also great.  Whereas brisket can sometimes be somewhat dry or tough when it is not prepared correctly, the sliced brisket at Boney's is consistently tender and juicy.  Like the pulled pork, the brisket also has a great bark and smoke ring.  I prefer the brisket with Boney's original sauce or the Hog's Hell BBQ sauce. Boney's dry rubbed St. Louis style spare ribs are also phenomenal and are amongst the best ribs that I have ever had anywhere.  The rib meat is always very tender and pulls away cleanly from the bone just as great ribs should.  The ribs are covered thoroughly with a dry rub that adds a perfect spice and great bark to the ribs.  Delicious![I just had to stop writing mid-review (and mid-drool) to go get lunch at Boney's.  Seriously.  It was fantastic, as always.]Finally, the smoked chicken wings are the dark horse candidate of Boney's meaty delights.  The wings are smoked and then served without sauce.  I generally top the smoked wings with buffalo sauce or Hog's Hell BBQ.  These wings are the best smoked wings in Denver that I have found.  As with the other meats, the chicken wings are extremely tender and have a perfect level of smokiness.  While I generally prefer pork or beef from BBQ joints, Boney's wings are so good that they regularly get the honor of being selected for the coveted #2 spot in my 2-meat plate lineup.As far as side items go, Boney's has hand-cut fresh fries, which are fantastic and as good as any fries I've had in Denver.  I also really enjoy their hush puppies.  I find that their cornbread and mac and cheese are okay, but nothing special.  Boney's also has delicious homemade sweet tea to give you a fully-rounded, authentic, Southern BBQ experience.  The service at Boney's is always top-notch as well.  You are always greeted with a smile and made to feel at home.  Overall, I put Boney's in the upper echelon of BBQ establishments that I have visited across the entire country.  When I moved to Denver last year I was concerned that I might not find good BBQ out west, but now I feel extremely lucky to work within a couple blocks of one of my all-time favorite BBQ joints.  I highly recommend that you visit Boney's yourself!  Also, be aware that Boney's is moving into a new location a couple doors down on Champa street in January 2013.  The new location will have more space along with new menu items (fried chicken!), a bar, and longer hours.  I can't wait to try the fried chicken!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/3/2013,94,188,3,10,9>We stopped into Gatsby's over the weekend on our quest to get away from the insanely drunk St. Patrick's day crowd downtown.  Turns out, this was a really great idea!It was kind of quiet and we were easily able to park it at the bar.  We both ordered a Stoli and soda and decided we'd try the small charcuterie.  The Iberico ham was amazing - I could have eaten all of it myself and then some.  We got to talking to Rob the owner - initially about our favorite finds for east coast food here in Denver.  He was nice enough to give us a tour of their second floor/loft-like event space.  It looks awesome!  He also told us about the $50 sandwich - we'll have to gather some people and go back.  It sounds great.  We were also given a dessert on the house - a house made bread pudding - and for the life of me I can't remember everything that was in it.  Maybe salted caramel, maybe some apple, definitely some melted chocolate chips and really tasty whipped cream.  I can't wait to go back and try out their happy hour!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,5/2/2013,58,452,2,10,5>I get the name - I was saying Ooh as soon as I walked in. There are some cool, funky pieces here and I was thrilled with the 20% off check-in offer on Yelp! This boutique shop is brimming with treasures and the pricing begins at $5 for charms and goes up to $100 for purses. Lots of modern jewelry too however I did not see pricing on those pieces - they were in locked cases.  There was a guy there buying an engagement ring and the sales woman was being very patient with him and explaining the differences in a way that was gentle as he was clearly a bit nervous (that's when I said Awwww...). P.s. Their diamonds are conflict free so extra points for that. They will also make custom pieces and said they get really busy during bridal season. They can also make earrings with clips for the non-pierced crowd- we will be heading back for a consult for my sister the bride- to- be. I picked up an adorable turquoise purse/satchel with a gold strap for my sister to take on her honeymoon - with a sticker price of $60 I was able to use my check in offer on it- thanks Yelp. I checked out their website as we did not get to stay very long as we were surprising said bride- to- be sister with a brunch and I popped in here as a stall tactic. The website has deals of the week such as half price rings etc. I look forward to heading back.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,5/1/2013,138,353,9,11,10>I could write the word "Heaven" 140 times in here, and it would sum up Marczyk nicely. Instead, I'll tell you a bit more illustratively what it's like.It feels like the tiniest Whole Foods ever, only it's local. It's small and intimate. Two (2) of the staff apologized to ME when I was in THEIR WAY. It smells inside the way I'm pretty sure a bakery run by angels might smell. They have a billion cool products. Some of them are in boxes and bags and bottles and packets. They have a giant selection of wonderful local meats, hormone free and just begging to be eaten. And the cheeses -- oh the cheeses! Plus milk and yogurt and produce and it's just wonderful.Also they have a deli. Of course, using the term "deli" to describe the operation that built the magnificence that I ate feels like I'm underselling them. See, the sandwich I ordered is called the Jedi. They say, "This is the sandwich you are looking for." They are correct. I already want it again. Amazing prosciutto. House-made mozz. House-made basil pesto. Tomatoes. House-made ciabatta. I don't even like tomatoes, and this was easily one of the 5 best deli-style sandwiches I've ever had. Cured pork is a thing of beauty, and paired with the pesto and the mozz it becomes less something that I want to eat and more something to which I'd like to build a shrine and pray on a semi-daily basis. But really I'd like to eat it. Over and over. It's a wonderful shop with fantastic staff, a phenomenal product offering and some really amazing sandwich selection. I had to wait about 10 minutes for my sandwich, but it was nice to know they were doing it by hand and showing it great care. It's also not cheap (I don't know what the origin of "Marczyk" is, but I'm pretty sure it means "really expensive" in that language) but it's worth it. You won't be sorry you spent the rough equivalent of the GDP of a sub-Saharan African country on three days worth of groceries here. You'll just be busy making your shopping list for the next trip back.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/30/2013,133,398,,7,9>Why not save your first visit to Star Kitchen for dim sum on Chinese New Year? That's what I did and while parts of it were pretty crazy, it was an awesome experience. Fellow Yelper and friend Cyn C. invited me to Dim Sum on CNY. Another Yelper, Riza, runs a Meetup group that was meeting and invited Cyn, who in turn, invited me. We were instructed to arrive early, so we could get good parking. Riza had already claimed 3 large tables for our group and Cyn and I sat at a table and got to know 9 other strangers. At our table, there was a blend of Asian, Asian-American, Caucasian and myself. It was helpful since some people were already familiar with dim sum and cultural favorites. Cyn helped me in selecting foods or just ordering for me as the carts rolled around.I really enjoyed my meal and got to try lots of foods that I may never have tried on my own or that I don't see on Chinese menus. I really enjoyed bun and the various dumplings (steamed, fried, with leeks or shrimp). I really enjoyed the egg custard from the dessert tray.Even though Dim Sum was happening on a Sunday, customers can also order specific items. Someone at our table ordered chicken feet and a number of people also placed an order for lobster.With 10 other people to split the bill, this was a very inexpensive meal. It was fun being here on CNY, as the dragons came through to entertain the crowd, followed by dancers and drumming. I was glad that we arrived there early, otherwise, parking and waiting for a table would have been pain. There was a line that snaked outside and parking was a free-for-all.I would definitely like to go back on a less crowded day, but overall, the service and food were good and consistent, so I have no complaints.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/29/2013,138,700,1,14,7>A shame more people don't know about this hidden gem located in an out of the way place in Commerce City.Beautiful park with shaded benches, small dog area, and a seasonal dog water and human water spigot. Large shade trees along the First Creek (no dog access to the creek though). Park is pea gravel with an accessible sidewalk along the eastern half from the entrance to the drinking water area.Lots of concrete drain tubes for the dogs to run around and inside and waste bags and receptacles are provided. Human port-a-potty at the path entrance to the park. Plenty of parking.Come on out and visit! This park needs more PR so more dogs will come here and we won't have to drive to the Thornton park just to socialize our dogs!A special thanks to the volunteer group who comes here and periodically makes clean up rounds for those less considerate. They add to the enjoyment level of the park immensely!A very special find within Commerce City! The park also has a Facebook Page.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,4/28/2013,39,292,3,10,5>Formerly the Red Claw, under new ownership and with a new name....same people in the kitchen, same quality of food, and most of the same things on the menu. Here are the MUST trys:Steamed something (crawfish)Wings with the house fish sauce: Salty but not too fishy, spicy, a little sweet. AMAZING.Fried catfish (with remoulade sauce)Salt & Pepper Squids: Battered in peppery cornmeal, deep fried, and stir-fried lightly with bell peppers and green onions, with a little drizzle of some slightly sweet, tart (almost vinaigrette-y) sauce. Tender, salty, not too spicy.We hadn't visited the Red Claw for about 2 years, and we were itchin' to get back. It's always a trek across town, but so worthwhile. And very reasonably priced. We ordered 6 beers, 2 lbs of steamers, a dozen wings, 2 fried baskets, the salt & pepper squid, and some assorted sides for the kiddo (corn, rice, sausage, and a fried nanner). Total was under $100. Our server was very friendly and helpful. He recommended all the above things, and he did not steer us wrong. I cannot wait to get back for those wings and squid.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,4/27/2013,174,249,4,8,7>I love My Brother's Bar. Every time I go to REI or am in the area, I find an excuse to hit up this joint. The atmosphere is pretty chill and the music choice is a nice change of place from other bars downtown (it's classical). The burgers are pretty tasty, although I wouldn't say that they are out of this world amazing. The drinks are also pretty cheap, which is always nice. *Also, they do sell Girl Scout Cookies which can literally sound fantastic once you have a beer or two in your system.Another plus is when describing the place to people who don't know what My Brother's Bar is and take the name literally. I have had a handful of friends who literally thought my brother owned a bar :)
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,4/26/2013,56,506,3,8,5>This place is about two blocks from me, which could be pretty dangerous if sugar was my weak point! Luckily I'm more of a savory girl, so I'm safe. They do have a wonderful selection of sweet (and some savory) munchies to get you through the day - awesome cheesecake dishes, cupcakes, burritos, etc. While the menu was surprising in its variety, I opted for a simple latte. I was out for a decadent morning of lazy coffee drinking and movies, so I got the latte to stay. It was served in a huge cup, and I found a comfy place on their couch to drink away while I played on my iPad. I don't think we're going to see Sugar Bakeshop go anywhere in the near future, as there was a steady stream of customers the whole time I was there. Many were picking up goodies to go, but many others were staying to hang out and enjoy the morning. I definitely didn't feel rushed, and the environment was laid back and comfortable. This is one of those places that I feel truly fortunate to have so near me, and I'll be back very soon!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/25/2013,452,518,3,9,8>Jessica Miller is smarter, savvier, quicker and just plain better than most other lawyers. I happen to know lawyers very well, having worked with them and also having been married to a very successful litigator. Trust me, just because someone can put "Esq." after their name doesn't mean they're any good. Or able to win your case. Or even that they're smart.  Jessica Miller, however, is as good as it gets. I have used Ms. Miller to manage and resolve a contentious real estate matter (landlord/tenant) and she consistently dominates and outsmarts opposing counsel, keeping them scrambling and on the defensive. It would be an understatement to say I feel confident and secure having her represent me. I'm downright grateful.While she may or may not charge more per hour than other lawyers in town, she is unquestionably worth every penny. Remember, you get what you pay for, and when dealing with legal issues that have you backed against a wall, you do not want cheap representation. You want to win. Jessica Miller has what it takes to win. I intend to use Ms. Miller's law firm in the future to draft landlord/tenant lease agreements and for other applicable matters. If these are the types of issues with which you need assistance, I cannot urge you enough to contact her office. You will be glad you did.UPDATE: LAWSUIT OVER! I was unfairly sued and did not have to pay a DIME to the opposing party. THANKS JESSICA!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/24/2013,76,392,6,4,5>I'm writing this review courtesy of a Mr. Woo sandwich from Sub Culture and the grease that it has imposed on my fingers. Normally, you'd think that was a bad thing, but in this case, it's pure glory and food-gasmistic (yes, that's right) pleasure.I've had one sandwich every Saturday for the past several months. Yes, it's that good, and no I don't have a problem. You'll see why that is true when you go here. Soft, warm bread. Juicy meats. Grilled onions. Cheese. All those things that Americans like. This one sandwich has made Fat Jack's a distant memory and Snarfs a scrunch of the nose. Also excellent is every other sandwich on the menu, which I can't vouch for, but have heard from the "YUMs!" coming from fellow sandwich consumers.My only complaint? Parking is limited. So walk, bike or crawl to Sub Culture to experience your own sandwich nirvana. If not, they offer bike delivery for your lazy ass. Take my advice, skip the frozen meal you're about to eat and go get a sandwich. It'll rock your socks off.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,4/23/2013,240,467,3,9,5>I read about the development of this place quite a while ago. I was very excited to check it out..glad I finally got a chance to!Central is definitely a bit upscale.. you've been warned. Aside from the price point everything else is phenomenal. They used quite a bit of reclaimed wood for their tables and other furniture. I love this..it gives just a warm and cozy feel where typically restaurants of this style feel a bit too stuffy. The lit up HOT letters above the open kitchen in the back of the dining room is a great touch. There is also a small bar area on the other side of the entrance with a few TVs. They looked to have a pretty good happy hour too so I may have to come back sometime to check that out.The food is flat out fantastic. Even the rolls they start you off with. I ordered the duck with ravioli. Anytime I can get duck on a menu I usually order it since I LOVE duck. This has to be the best Ive ever had. The sauce with the ravioli went perfectly with the duck. Another great thing about their food is it all comes from small farms..most of them local. The menu says the name of the farm/location for the items too..very nice.As expected the service was great too.. it was a slow sunday (only a few other groups) but we were not over-bothered. Drink refills when needed, enough time to decide on food, and the food came out in a timely manner. I will definitely come back. but because of the price it will probably be only for special occasions (unless someone else picks up the tab haha).
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,4/22/2013,306,1103,10,7,6>One night I went to the aquarium then wanted sushi.Wrong on so many levels but right on the same amount as well.Enter in Taru.I don't venture up to Westminster often but found out about this place thanks to my bff, Living Social. Here's the skinny--this place rocks. You wouldn't really think much of it if passing it by thanks to it's location in a dated strip mall and next to Big Lots but once you walk it, it takes you aback because the ambiance doesn't scream Big Lots at all. It's a bit trendy with dim lighting and nice furniture with a decent crowd for a Saturday night. There were only a couple of tables sitting when we went in but by the end it was popping.We started with the seafood udon and it was full of treasures from the sea in a tasty broth. Then we had two sushi rolls--the Popeye roll and the Bang Bang roll. Both were delicious in it's own right and the only thing that disappointed me was the excess sauce on the Popeye roll. It was swimming in sauce so if that's not your cup of tea, let them know! Speaking of tea, their green tea is some of the best I've had in awhile. They served it in a cute, little cup with sushi rolls on them, it was hard not to swipe it....kidding....kind of.  Service was prompt yet not in your face every few minutes. Not sure how many more times I will be back since it's a hike for me but if I'm in the area again, I will definitely stop by!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,4/21/2013,137,174,4,9,8>Thai Monkey Club rocks! I am so excited that Thai Monkey Club opened another location close to my home. I've heard so many great things about their Broadway location and haven't had the chance to make it out there yet. So, I was absolutely thrilled when I spotted their new location on East Colfax. They just opened on the 15th of February. We ordered delivery on the 16th and it was awesome. The rave reviews were spot on. This is solid Thai food. Panang Curry is my go-to dish at Thai restaurants. How could it not be?  When done right, Panang Curry is a delicious melody of flavors. Thai Monkey Club does their Panang right. They offer a spicy, flavorful, fresh tasting Panang. They definitely deliver on the heat table. We ordered it a 6 (the spiciest) and it was a perfect heat. We also ordered the Drunken Noodles with beef. Wow, this dish was intoxicating. Talk about a flavor journey! The spices just danced on my tongue and created an addicting flavor that I could not get enough of.  Both the Panang and Drunken Noodles were delicious and the meats were tender. I don't know how I could not order these dishes every visit. My only gripe was that I felt there could have been more meat.  Other than that, our meals were exceptional. I'm so happy about this new addition to the neighborhood. I'm looking forward to visiting TMC again this week. I have a feeling this is going to be our new go-to place for Thai. Welcome to the 'hood, Thai Monkey Club! We are happy to have you!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/20/2013,137,262,12,12,7>Hooray for laser hair removal! Why did I not do this sooner? I was referred to Dr. Raval by my reconstructive surgeon. I had lymph nodes removed under my armpits that left areas I could not reach with a razor anymore. Rather than live with pockets of lengthy pit hair, I opted for laser hair removal. Shocking, I know, since pit hair on women is so sexy. I very quickly learned that once you see the results it offers you want to do it everywhere! I have been very happy with the results on my armpit and bikini regions thus far and am going in to do my legs next week. This is seriously magical.A few things to mention for potential candidates--They are very thorough with their questionnaire, which made me feel like they are very cautious about what they do. They will thoroughly explain everything about the procedure and risks to you, as well as your expected outcome and potential number of treatments  based on your skin pigment and hair type. After you meet with the technician the Dr. may also come in to meet you to make sure everything is kosher. I'm not sure how this compares to other laser hair removal spots, but I would highly recommend Rocky Mountain Laser based on my experiences here.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/19/2013,68,257,11,8,9>Today, I was a double agent for yelp.  For my day job, I was assigned training out in Golden, but my real mission was to finally try some great Cuban food!  After listening to big words about metrics, efficiency, and lean practices, the instructor broke us for lunch at 1133 am.  Then he said, lets be back at 1233!  Really, your not going to round up!  I was in my car fast and burning down the highway before that guy decided to round down.  5 miles later I popped into Frijoles, which was surprisingly small, walked up to the counter and told the lady to give me a Cuban experience.  I love it when owners love ordering for you.  It tells me they really have pride in their food.  They gave me the Lechon mora yuca and that pork was perfect.  Exactly the kind of dish I crave.  It also confirmed why I had a subconscious lack of motivation towards dieting.  It was meant to be for me to eat here.  Everyone in the joint seemed like they knew each other and there was definitely a family feel to the place.  It's too bad this place is so far out for me because I want to come back to try the sandwiches.  Oh and when I returned to work we started at 1230.The things I do for yelp.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,4/18/2013,174,419,17,13,8>Four stars for their semi-regular All You Can Eat Pie event.  I want to say they do it every six months or so.After a couple of invites from friends, The Dude and I finally made it down to join them for the glutton fest.  $8.49 per person for all you can eat pie (and then some).  You can choose from both sweet and savory (e.g. pot pie and including quiches), however much you like until you're full.  Or in a diabetic coma.  Or both.I did the fat math in my head: in order to "break even" (price-wise, we're not talking pancreatic health here), one would need to consume three plates of pie.  The slices are 1/3-size to 1/2-size, so total it's about three slices.Sounds disgusting?Well this is Amurka and that's how we do things here.  So fill your pie hole (with like 15 different kinds...) and shut it.(Or, just don't go for AYCE since it gets crazy busy anyway and just go another time for only one slice.)
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,4/17/2013,217,97,13,14,13>Live crawfish!! Well cooked, now.Actually, they are digested by now.   I thought I might clear up a few things first...Fiction- The bright yellow to orange crawfish "fat" squeezed from the heads and sticking to the tail meat is fat.Fact- The Yellow stuff  actually is an organ in the head called the hepatopancreas that functions much like the liver in other animals.  While tasty, probably not the best thing for you.Fiction- Crawfish with a straight tail on a plate of cooked crawfish means it was dead before cooking.Fact- There is a strong connection between Vietnamese and Cajun cooking.Fiction- Going to this restaurant will give you delicious New Orleans Style crawfishFact- Regardless of the style, these crawfish ARE TASTY!!!I enjoy going here because you can not only enjoy a nice bowl of pho, but you can, much like a barbarian, eat, slurp, squeeze and suck your way through a batch of these tasty mudbugs.  The service staff is friendly, although sometimes forgetful- we arrived and were put on a wait, but since they had no list, they let another couple who arrived after us go first...  No big deal, but that might make some people lose it!They raw oysters are fresh, but nothing to write home about.   I would pass on these.   The pho is not of the highest caliber, but actually pretty decent- especially if you are taking a non-seafood eater here.   The crawfish... these come with 3 different sauces: Cajun, Butter, and asian cajun (a hybrid of both with a few other flavors).  You can order these mild, medium,hot and extra hot.  The only real difference is the amount of sauce you have dripping down your arms as you consume these little guys.   It's going to be messy.  Seriously, don't take a first date here unless you want to run them off.  And we've all had those dates... so more power to you.   Your face will be slathered in sauce and table full of crawfish remnants... 5-6 paper towels  later and you are still wondering why your face and hands are so disgusting.   You have to order sausage, corn and potatoes separately. But do it, it adds to the meal.   Overall, I give them a big thumbs up.... go here, eat some tasty crawdads and get messy!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/16/2013,345,277,5,13,8>5 stars for the No Distraction Zone.  This means no talking or texting allowed.  I believe there are slides for a solid 5 mins to reinforce this.  However, some people still think that the flashlight on their phone is exempt from this policy.  Wake up people this is included.  NO FLASHLIGHT!  And if you think this doesn't apply to you just test the waters.  Manager reported that they kicked 5 people out on Friday night for doing just this.  For this reason alone I will drive an extra 15 mins to get to the movies and sit back and enjoy my movie.Thank you to the Alamo Drafthouse for inviting us into their house and be part of the staff training.  I'm happy that you finally came to Colorado.  This was staff training weekend - there were some missteps.  Drink ordering system going down, kitchen sending out cold food etc.  Saturday was a little better than Friday but still a few kinks.  The servers themselves were very apologetic and wanted to make everything perfect.  The popcorn is the best hands down that I've had in a very long time.  Remember when you were little and your mom would put oil in a pan and add the popcorn and then added real melted butter.  This is exactly like that.  It isn't from one of those machines where you add the orange packet of yuck and then add the popcorn and then tip the bucket.  Or if it is it surely doesn't taste like that.  They serve it in a big metal bowl.  $6 for bottomless out-of-this-world popcorn.Since we went on Friday night and Saturday we were able to try a multitude of items from the menu.  Here is what we had:Basil Pesto Frittata - This was just bad.  No flavor and had a somewhat metallic taste to it.  It comes in a cast-iron skillet so I'm not sure if that had something to do with it or not.Cheese Plate - White cheddar, blue cheese, goat cheese, apples drizzled with caramel, grilled bread, candied pecans.  We ordered this since it was 1/2 price.  It was okay but not sure I would order it for $12.  Only comes with three small pieces of bread.  Not enough with the amount of cheese that is served.Pizza Verde - Spinach, Kale, Mozzarella, asiago, basil pesto and arugula.  This was very tasty and I would order it again.Popcorn - Home run, see above.Baked Pretzel - I think this is the best pretzel that I've ever had.  It is served with beer mustard and hatch green chili queso blanco.  We ordered it both Friday and Saturday.  Although the cheese was heated on Friday night and not on Saturday.  It was not good cold.White Bean Hummus - tons of chips and very tasty.  I would order this again. Prosciutto & Goat Cheese Burger - This was an okay burger.  I think I would try a different one next time.Huge con #1 - the theater is dark even before the movie.  It would be nice if the lights were up a little bit brighter so that you could actually see the menu when order.  Huge Con #2 - it is about 30 mins from the end of the movie when you get your bill.  You can try and look at it with the dim lights under your table but it's really hard to see.  You put your credit card down and hope for the best.  so when you're ordering you might want to get a general idea of how much your tab is so that you can compare it to the bill.  They do write the total at the top of your bill in large print and in marker.  Glad to have you in Denver.  Thank you again for the No Distraction Zone!  It warms the cock ells of my heart.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,4/15/2013,560,980,15,19,21>With apologies to AC/DC . . ."You Shook Me All Night Long"It was the Squeaky Bean I kept my plate so cleanIt was the best damn dinner that I ever seenIt made my tummy sigh telling me no liesKnocking me out with those gastronomic highsEating more than my shareHad me fighting for airBean told me to come but I was already thereCause the plates start shakingThe table was quakingMy tongue was achingAnd we were partakingAnd Bean shook me all night longYeah Bean shook me all night longWOW!  5 Stars!  No second guesses, no vacillations.I had wanted to come here for quite some time.  Who was this restaurant that beat out my beloved Linger for best new restaurant in Denver, 2012?  I am ever so glad that I read Tiffany N.'s review earlier this week. Her review helped me decide, days in advance, that I would be having the Chorizo & Brussels.  This dish is smoked Bilbao chorizo, variations of Brussels sprouts, slow-poached egg, dried fruits, and saffron.  This is a wet version of what I would consider a Spanish (versus Mexican) chorizo.  It was, without a doubt, the best chorizo I have ever eaten.  It had the perfect amount of fat (not greasy, yet wonderfully moist).  It had a great balance of seasoning, with tantalizing spices and heat that managed not to be overly aggressive.  The Brussels were wonderfully flavorful and tender.  The slow-poached egg was perfectly cooked for my tastes.  This dish was so harmonious that it is hard to overstate how much I enjoyed it.I also split the carrot soup with a friend.  It had variations of carrot, citrus peanuts, kafir lime ice cream, and potage de Crecy.  It was a thick carrot soup, but it was less comfort food, than fine dining with flair.  The contrast of flavors (earthy, sharp, salty) all came together to make a very fine dish.  It was excellent.  To my thoughts, however, it was blown away by the sunchoke dish.  The "Choked Out" has variations of sunchoke & artichoke, idiazabal, roasted garlic.  Idiazabal is a pressed cheese made from unpasteurized sheep milk.  It was a fried lacework of fromage decorating the edges of this shallow bowl.  Lined up beneath it were grilled and otherwise cooked pieces of "choke" and garlic.  The flavors were intense and deep.  I understand now why people go crazy for sunchoke on shows like Top Chef.We tried all four of the desserts (we did not do the cheese plates).  They were all uniformly outstanding.  The one that is still haunting my flavor memories is the Fluffer Nutter.  It was a peanut butter and marshmallow concoction elevated to utter deliciousness.  The marshmallow was lightly brûléed and the crust on the bottom was delicate and flavorful.  The peanutty goodness sandwiched in between these layers was heavenly.  This is the only dessert that was salvaged from the Bean's prior incarnation, and it is easy to see why.I also had a couple cocktails.  I liked the Navin R. Johnson (siete leguas blanco, del maguey vida mezcal, muddled strawberry, lemon, and ginger beer) and really liked the Remington Steele (Spring 44 Vodka, becherovka, muddled pear, honey syrup, and lemon).  Our server (Michael) was amazing.  He described everything in detail, knew the menu backwards and forwards, was very helpful, and was the kind of waiter I wish more people would aspire to be.  The other staff were uniformly excellent.  The Squeaky Bean is anything but affordable.  However, despite the high cost, I felt that it was money very well spent.  I look forward to coming back again.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,4/14/2013,19,78,,10,6>The Bayou Snack Shack is a great little joint located in a strip mall in Aurora. It certainly reminds me of the little places scattered throughout my home state serving up cajun and creole cuisine. The space is clean and bright, but doesn't offer much in the way of decor or atmosphere. With food this good, who cares about that stuff anyway??I was the only customer for an early lunch, so I had a chance to talk with the owner for a bit. The family hails from Opelousas, Louisiana, just a few hours from where I grew up. She learned to cook from Grandma, from scratch, and it shows. Everything here is made from scratch, in house, and I really got the feeling I was eating a wonderful home cooked meal. The menu is quite tempting, and offers Gumbo, Po-boys, etouffee, boiled seafood, red beans and rice....etc. I settled on a 6 inch blackened catfish po-boy, and a small bowl of seafood gumbo. I'll start with the Po Boy. The fish itself was delicious. It had enough flavor to cut through everything else on the sandwich without being spicy hot. The bread is thick, crusty, and buttery. Get it with the slaw, and it is heaven in a sandwich. It's a big sandwich, so a 6 inch is plenty. I also got a small bowl of seafood gumbo, which was really good. Easily the best gumbo I've had in Denver. It has a dark roux base, which adds so much to the flavor. There is no deep fryer here, so don't expect any kind of fried anything. I want to add one more thing. I have not tried it here, but they offer boiled shrimp and crawfish(when in season). Southern boiled shrimp is prepared differently and is better than the asian cajun places on south federal. Those are OK, but for a true southern experience, I would bet that Bayou Snack Shack does a good job. I'll update when I've had a chance to sample more of the menu.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,4/13/2013,410,321,5,8,5>Don't you love the after effects of yoga and how it makes you feel while practicing? It relaxes your mind, calms your soul, and enhances feelings and emotions? 1472 has nothing to do with yoga, but it takes me to a coastal local bar, where all locals are regulars, tables on the patio resemble tables that would be on a Corona advertising, the bar fully stocked with a variety of beers and liquor. I was there on Christmas weekend, very cold outside, some spots still covered with snow, but when I got in, I was really impressed and surprised how quickly I was teleported. Their décor is warm, surrounded by big windows, wooden chairs and tables, candles all over; main room has a formal feel to it, and their indoor patio is where my favorite part of the restaurant; hard flooring, comfortable beach furniture, a nice bar with a HD tube, huge glass/wooden doors. I felt like I was eating on the beach.Food:Pan Steamed Mussels: Blue PEI Mussels, Andouille Sausage, White Wine & Butter Served w/ CiabattaCooked to perfection, Andouille sausage complemented the mussels very well with its smokiness and saltiness. These were so fragrant. Strong hints of Andouille sausage, lots of white wine, and broth was to drink for.IPB Island Pork Buns: Tender Pork Belly & Ground Corn Griddlecake Served w/ Grilled Pineapple RelishGood job combining eastern with western tastes; generous servings of tender pork belly chunks, Asian inspired flavors, very subtle five spice, and slight sweetness, reminds me of pork belly buns, but the pork being much lighter, and intense flavors, then served on corn griddle cakes.Corn and Crab Beignets: Sweet Lump Crab, Stone Ground Corn Served w/ Herbed RemouladeMoist beignets packed with crab and corn, great way to start the meal.Chicken & Waffles: Whiskey Maple Pulled Chicken, Buttermilk Waffle & Crispy Smoked Bacon Served w/ Maple Cream SauceI was expecting something completely different, nonetheless, this is a great way of presenting chicken and waffles, which were cooked perfectly, very crispy outside, moist inside, topped with pulled chicken breast, it was much more moist than I was expecting, packed with whiskey aromas, and the maple cream sauce was not as sweet as a syrup but complemented it nicely.Can't wait to return, maybe a day when it's snowing...
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/12/2013,29,75,13,13,13>You know when your friend leaves for college, and you're so excited to see them for summer break, and then you find out they've turned into a totally shitty person?THIS IS NOTHING LIKE THAT.We really miss Encore. We've been waiting patiently for the next iteration of the Reilly and Copeland show (yeah, the bar's as important as the food) and IT WAS SO GOOD.We started out with the ricotta gnudi (that's gnocchi made of cheese, people) and the head cheese. Holy yum, batman. Paired this with the Mezcal and Bourbon mules. Also yum.Oh, wait, I lied, we started with this beet, gorgonzola, bread crumbed ball of heaven. Yup, heaven.We also tried the trumpet mushrooms, the beet tartar, and the papardelle. All delicious. The mushrooms were in a gravy that was like butter. Tasty mushroom butter. The tartar were beets done like meat. So smoky. The drinks'  flavors live up to their FAN-FREAKIN- TASTIC names (pretty fly for a white rye, oaxacan on sunshine, and more).Even if you're full (and yeah, we were) try the ice cream sandwich. Palate cleansing yum. Even though it's a little further from our front door than Encore was, something tells me we'll still be back real soon.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/11/2013,110,123,3,12,7>When you eat Thai at a Thai restaurant with a good friend who's Thai and they really like it, then that's all you need to know about its authenticity. The flavors are spot on, but I wish the portions were bigger--however, I'm aware that Mali's rent is probably much higher than most of their Thai counterparts.Nice clean, contemporary space and a fantastic addition to the DTC business lunch rotation. It desperately needs mood music to offset the distracting sports tvs, but I think the sound system was under repair last time I was there.Thanks to my friend, I was able to order "larb" (not found on the menu or offered by most Thai places to the best of my knowledge). It's an obscure delicacy made with minced meat of your choice, heavily marinated in lime and fish sauce. Order it if you're feeling adventurous!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,4/10/2013,22,41,5,7,5>I get my oil changed down the street and as much as I enjoy the smell of unwashed men and motor oil, I hoofed it down the street to The Amsterdam.  Admittedly, the name gave me pause.  I'm after coffee, not...other stuff.  A peek at the store front set aside my anxiety.   There is that familiar mannequin that use to be the leading lady when this spot was across the street and named "Geez Louise".  Same owner- Dan is still knowledgable and charming- this is still a quaint and neighborhood-y establishment.   I mean, when was the last time your fellow patrons chatted you up and the owner actually stops to ask you "your story"?Dan gave me a tour and the top floor is for coffee and the lower level (which is separately ventilated from the rest of the place) is for smokers.  It doesn't smell smokey though and I have a sensitive nose.Had a ham and cheese quiche with salsa and an almond milk latte (?!)- never had one of those before but I am pleased with it.   I think I still prefer soy.  :)Dan carries local products too.  Love that.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/9/2013,43,56,11,6,7>I should not be writing this review right now. It is currently 05:14 in the AM and I am out of food at work. The idea of a delicious, mouth watering Uber Sausage is nearly too much for me to handle. If they were open at this hour, I might consider ditching out for a quick bite. Alas, I am stuck here. Sans sausage.When I DO have the opportunity to visit Uber Sausage, it always delivers a satisfying stroll down cased meat lane. The Vietnam and the Hatch are my favorites to date. Great flavor combinations that don't overpower the flavor of the sausage itself (See Cheryl L's. review for descriptions).  The real show stopper for me though is the bread. Not bun. Bread. A bun or bread can make or break any sandwich, sausage, or hoagie experience. The bread (Roll?) at Uber Sausage pushes the sandwich into my happy place. That, and the fact that they have tots!Droooooooool.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/8/2013,103,97,10,11,12>If the Black Keys were to open a bar, it would probably look like Black Shirt Brewing. We moved into the neighborhood, then we learned about Black Shirt was going to open one of these days. A year and a half passed and we couldn't help but speculate. A neighborhood snoop tells us: "Get this, they are ONLY going to brew red ales. What's that all about?" Indeed, it sounded like a shaky plan. Then it opened. And the red ales were bomb. Like so many craft brewers in Denver, you can tell that the crew here actually cares about their product. From the glasses they are served in to the gorgeous recycled wood walls-and-bartop, it is an experience to be here. Yes, yes, it is "out of the way" and up in the "dangerous area" of town. Whatever. Man up. I'm sorry great beer isn't available immediately next door to The Tavern. So, yeah, get here.(UPDATE: after this was featured as a ROTD, lots of questions came in. To clarify: yes, ONLY red ales are brewed here. This includes Red Saisons, Red Rye, Red IPAs, and occasionally a Red Porter will be featured. I didn't think I'd like all red ales either, but here I am, loving it. And be sure to talk with Branden when you go in. Get a rundown on the beers, the hops, and the special glassware they serve in.)
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,4/7/2013,267,467,6,10,10>We got off of on the wrong foot.  When they called back to re-confirm our reservation they said the hotel was full and that valet parking was not available - still welcome to come in and drop $500 or $600 on dinner for two but good luck on the parking.  Pretty unbelievable at a Four Seasons property.  As luck would have it someone was pulling out of a street spot just down the block and we grabbed it.  Two hour limit so I was expecting a ticket which we deserved but luckily didn't get.Entered through the main lobby which means you have to walk through the bar to get to the restaurant.  I think the popularity of the bar here has taken the Four Seasons by surprise - it is always packed and tonight it was really, really packed and loud.  Negotiated our way back to the restaurant which is quite lovely if a little more sleek and contemporary in design than you normally expect at a Four Seasons like the Olympic in Seattle, for example.  Still, graciously welcomed and the two of us were seated at a four top by the "fireplace" - nice not to be relegated to a tiny deuce.Quickly attended to by our very professional server Allen.  Menus, waters, delicious bread and butter topped with a little red sea salt arrived promptly.  Honestly, it was a struggle not to eat the whole loaf.  I'm still milking my birthday which was a week ago so we ordered a bottle of Billecart Salmon Champagne (my favorite) to start.  I'm feeling better about the place by now.First courses, shared, were the crab cake with tomatillo avocado salsa ($18) - maybe the best I've ever had - very crispy on the outside and the interior chock full of gorgeous lump crab.  I really didn't want to share but a deal is a deal.  And, her N.W. coast oysters ($16 for 6) which were textbook perfection and I wasted no time in dispatching my alloted three.Entrees:  A New York strip for me ($43) and striped bass on a celery root puree with a Brussels sprout and walnut hash ($32) for her.  I honestly don't know which was better.  The steak was perfectly aged and cooked a flawless medium rare.  I rarely eat red meat so I savored every juicy bite.  Her fish was lovely too though and she really raved about the hash.  All washed down with a bright Penner Ash Pinot which I predicted we wouldn't finish after the champagne but not a problem.  Wine list is on an iPad which I thought was a little gimmicky when restaurants started the trend but now find it to be kind of fun and it makes sense.  Easier to keep availability and vintages up to date especially on a list this extensive.Dessert:  Really didn't need it but my gracious hostess had dropped the birthday bomb while Allen was at the table when we ordered the extravagant champagne.  He wished me a happy birthday and told me that any dessert on the menu was on the house.  Couldn't pass that up - chose what I thought looked the lightest - Meyer lemon pudding cake with a house made blood orange creamsicle.  Worth every calorie.So, overall great food, wine and service - has to be 5 stars, no?  Well, maybe a quarter star off for the parking thing, the noise from the bar which infiltrates the restaurant, and no dress code.  I'm pretty sure that, other than staff, I was the only guy in the place in a coat and tie.  Even the Palace Arms doesn't require a coat and tie anymore though and I'm OK with that but there were guys in here in hoodies and ball caps - really?  You can't even wear a ball cap in the Cherry Creek Grill or Hillstone.  Some mention of proper attire would be appropriate.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/6/2013,74,118,5,8,6>Words can't quite express the love I have for The Bookies. Every time I walk in I don't walk out until hours later and oftentimes I have a stack of books so large I need a box to haul them all.The children's section is particularly amazing. I work for an elementary school and we do all of our book ordering exclusively through Bookies. Not only is the quantity of books noteworthy, the staff seem to know all of them and can ramble off favorite characters and titles. One of the employees spotted a book I had selected and immediately recommended a similar title. We chatted for another 15 minutes laughing and sharing stories about our favorite authors. The people who work here LOVE THEIR BOOKS and that is a big reason why I have so much fun every time I visit. Actually, the more I think about it the more I feel like I should just work here. Or maybe just become a groupie?! I am fine if they don't pay me, as long as I get to wander their packed aisles everyday. I know our robot brains are attracted to computer, e-reader, eye hurting books but I challenge you to visit Bookies and buy some old school, PAPER books. Fight the technology...this is the best place to do it!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/5/2013,190,322,2,8,8>Take me back to my Southern ways...Where I can be myself and live another day...Southern Hospitality is MY kinda place. You walk in and immediately notice the shabby-chic decor. The walls are adorned with giant rusted out 3D letters that spell out lyrics from my favs: Johnny Cash & Elvis. The food is great too! Huge portions of smoked prime rib egg rolls, fried green tomatoes and hush puppies began to roll out, shortly after our attentive waiter brought our cocktails. The egg rolls were the early favorite. I chose the smoked prime rib for my entree, which was very good, but after sampling the ribs and then the shrimp & grits off the plates of my tablemates, I was second-guessing my choice. I DID however score the best 2 side dishes; baked beans, which were more like a bowl of pulled pork, and grits.Awesome desserts and great service were the icing on the red velvet cake!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/4/2013,160,314,4,7,7>I am so so so so glad that there is a French Press in Aurora. SOOOO glad. Ever since we went to the one in Lakewood, I've been dreaming/drooling over their lattes and zucchini pistachio pancakes.This time around, the boyfriend and I went with the breakfast burrito and pear almond pancakes. The burrito was HUGE. The pancakes were so delicious. Subtly sweet and I love the honey butter that they put on the side. I also got a strawberry kiwi italian soda and loved it too.The service is friendly/amazing. Love this place. Pretty sure it's not good for my wallet/waistline that it's so close and accessible to me now. Because I sure do dream about this brie/pear panini or the strawberry panzanella. Yes.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,4/3/2013,320,975,,11,5>Before this visit, one of my foodie friend ever purchase some sushi to go from Aoba Sushi hence eversince then, I Have Been A Fan...SUNDAY July 15th 2012 visit.Thankfully, Aoba is opened for dinner on Sunday so I decide to invite 11 of my foodie friends to have an early dinner here.  When I first arrived there, our table are ready for my group.  Some of my foodie friends were there earlier at 16:50hrs ish, though our dinner reservation is at 17:00hrs.  As soon as I step in Aoba Sushi, I realized their modern ambience and one of our waitstaff aka server is also one of the server I used to know many moons ago in another Sushi restaurant.At that hour, Aoba Sushi offer everyone at our table some Happy Hour items in the menu and off menu..  So, I was pleased that some of my foodie friends opt for those Happy Hour items too.  The price that reflects at Aoba Sushi can be pricey for some.  Here is the breakdown :*  Soups ($3-$7)*  Salads ($5-15)*  Cold Dishes ($5-$15)*  Tempura ($2-$8) (Served 2 pieces per order)*  Hot Dishes ($5-$18)*  Kushikatsu ($7-$9)*  Kushiyaki ($6-$8)*  Dinner Platters Grilled ($15-$20)*  Sushi and Sashimi ($13-$28) These items are served with Miso Soup or Small Salad*  Noodles ($8-$15) The service from Aoba Sushi was indeed inviting.  Our server really knows his way around and making sure everyone received their order correctly.From what I could recall these were the items I ordered that evening from Aoba Sushi :*  Kaibashira ($5.50)*  Uni ($9.00)*  Ama Ebi ($6.00)*  Red Snapper ($6.00)*  Spicy Lobster ($7.00)*  Snow Crab ($7.00)*  King Crab ($9.00)*  TORO ($18.00)*  Fried Oyster ($5.00)*  Baked Green Mussels ($6.00)I received my Baked Green Mussels first, following the Nigiri orders.  My Oh My, I am impressed not only with the presentation of what Aoba Sushi offers, from my friends orders/plates and not forgetting my own order.YES, The TORO indeed melts in my mouth which eversince then, while writing this review, it makes me salivate for more!  From my observations, some of my Nigiris order, Aoba Sushi FRIED the seaweed.  Is this the "Uniqueness" offered from Aoba Sushi?  Maybe so for some.  To me personally, it gives another level of texture of Sushi/Nigiri Eating Experience which result in some "crunchyness".   The rest of the Nigiris was indeed mouth-watering.  The Sushi are fresh, though I cant deny its a little tiny on the size of Nigiri, that I am used to.  So why then the 4 stars???  Well, due to the big group that we had for that evening, some of the food items or the sushi, did not come out on a timely manner.  Some of my friends received their order "early" and some did not, hence the ones who had their order early finished their meals and some of my friends were still waiting for their order.Nevertheless, at least everyone received their order.  To compensate the slightly lacking of service, our server offer the whole table with FREE Tempura Ice Cream of different flavors to be shared.  Above anything else, from the feedback of my foodie friends, some like what they order and some did not fancy it at all.Anways, I cant thank enough Aoba Sushi and their staffs.  There are room for improvements for Aoba Sushi.  First with the service to bring out food on a timely manner when there are BIG groups.  With this, Aoba you indeed lift up my Sushi Dining experience and hope you prosper in many more years to come.  Aoba Sushi also provide SEPARATE CHECKS for the whole group which is indeed 2 Thumbs up in my books.  Aoba Sushi you RAWK!@113/2012
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/2/2013,288,412,3,9,6>Just the mere thought of a sandwich from Vinh Xuong Bakery brings on a craving that is a little unsettling, so it's truly difficult to write this review.Could it be that I've found the best sandwich I've ever eaten? It sure could be. Vinh Xuong Bakery has much more than just sandwiches and I've sampled a few of the other items like the baked goods, spring rolls, and beef jerky. It's all very delicious and fresh, but this review is mainly about the banh mi. I've tried other banh mi sandwiches around town and they've all been very, very good, but there's something different about this spot that I can't quite put my finger on. It has something in the flavor department that I just miss at other places. There are three types of the sandwiches on the menu and I've had all of them, but I keep going back for one in particular. The marinated pork banh mi is the bomb! Fresh and made on the spot this sandwich has it all. It's sweet, spicy, bitter, sour, salty and umami, it's outrageous. The perfect baguette, pickled veggies, marinated pork, salted mayo, and fresh herbs really marry and put it over the top.The place is small and usually a little busy, so while you wait have a look at all the things they have. If you don't know what it is, ask them, they'll be happy to tell you. You are bound to find something else to try and the prices here are great. I went the other day and got two large sandwiches, four fresh spring rolls, and two cans of soda for $10.25. That's crazy cheap and worth more than every penny. I urge you to visit this little spot; you will not be disappointed. Remember to bring cash or check because that's all they accept.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,4/1/2013,131,377,5,14,12>Ok, who flew my mom in to cook my dinner? Seriously, the Rigatoni with spicy tomato sauce and a side meatball was one delicious meal made with care. The ingredients were so fresh, and their combination so perfect. Spices and herbs danced on my tastebuds, while the amount of salt was just right. The sauce was not really that spicy, but rather a perfect zesty that a red sauce should be. And the meatball was so well crafted. I went to a show at the Bluebird afterward and actually held off on getting a drink so that I could further savor my experience - it was that good.Now I'll be honest, I was a little dismayed at first that I had to order a meatball as a side, but realized once the dish came out that this was ingenious. You can also order chicken or Italian sausage as well, so you can basically make the pasta dish that you want. But whatever you do, you must follow Kelly T.'s advice and save the bread for cleaning that plate of yours. You'll be sorry if you don't.Amazing food, cool casual atmosphere, and the sweetest of people behind all the magic. I can't wait to come back and try the Potato Gnocchi. A great place for any moment. I have been hearing rave reviews about DiFranco's for some time now, and it was great to finally stop in and have my high expectations met.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/31/2013,188,277,21,10,6>Just found my new favorite breakfast place. DJ's Berkeley Cafe has long been the standard-bearer for delicious eggs Benedicts and yummy french toast. But now the same owners have DJ's 9th Avenue Cafe with a liquor license in addition to the same great breakfast foods. So now we can enjoy mimosas and bellinis along with our scrabbled eggs.Unlike many breakfast joints in town, DJs doesn't look like it was decorated by Zooey Deschanel. Instead it's a simple grey and orange paint job with clean counters and uncluttered walls. Large eastern-facing windows bring in lots of morning light into two dining rooms divided into upper and lower sections by a set of stairs. Tables are nicely spaced apart so you don't feel like you're eating at your neighbors' table. But the friendly service does make it feel like you're eating at your friendly neighbor's home.Like its northern cousin, the food here is incredible. The city's greatest Benedicts await you. Since we're lovers of geography, I ordered the California Benedict and my girlfriend ordered the New Mexico Benny. That way we could exchange one with each other and get a variety of deliciousness. Which was a good choice since they actually kind of compliment each other. The New Mexico one consists of the poached egg over a broiled poblano chile, chorizo and a cheddar polenta. The chorizo is deliciously fiery and well-paired with the spicy-sweet poblano and the just sweet polenta, all smothered in creamy from scratch hollandaise. The California Benedict is served with a smooth avocado and a tomato (not as good because it's not in season, but I bet delicious when it is). Both were quite good.Such a lovely, delicious breakfast place and not at all jam packed (yet) with hipsters. Better get there quick before word gets out, because I have a feeling this is going to be a top Denver breakfast/brunch destination.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,3/30/2013,342,357,4,4,6>This is one of the THE best new breweries in Denver.  Specializing in sour beer (which is my new favorite thing), it gives this city a different take on the usual local brewery offerings.  If you love sour beer, then you seriously need to run/drive/bike/bus/cab your ass over there immediately.  If you *think* that you don't *like* sour beer, then I DARE you to haul your ass there, and tell me afterwards that you still hate sour beer.  Yeah.  I said it.  DARE you.  They even have a non-alcoholic brewed tea beverage, so even your DD can partake in their awesomeness.In conclusion, (I don't know why you're still reading this review, and not en route to this brewery right now...) you're welcome.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,3/29/2013,156,255,4,4,5>Al Lado is spanish for "a cozy little tapas joint that delights and entices." Actually, it means "next door," as it is adjacent to Zengo with a walkway connecting the two. But, the former definition is still true! The charm and deliciousness that you find at Zengo definitely flows through to Al Lado. They have $5 glasses of wine during happy hour, of which our server was extremely knowledgeable. I ordered the Pinot Noir and it was exactly as she described, so I thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a vegetarian and a gluten-free-ian? at our table, so instead of combing through the menu we asked our server and her recommendations were fantastic. The roasted Shishito peppers were served with a garlic ailoi and my only complaint is that there wasn't enough! I could've eaten a whole plate of these myself. The tuna crudo wasn't my favorite, but the other two ladies I was with enjoyed it. I will definitely be back to try some more tapas and wine!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,3/28/2013,194,576,7,18,13>My coworker had brought us all breakfast burritos a couple of times from Alameda Burrito and I finally decided that it was time to visit myself. Alameda Burrito is located on the corner of Alameda and Pierce inside a gas station next to the Home Depot.  If you work/live nearby, I suggest taking your order to go.The breakfast burritos are made fresh to order and filled with the perfect ratio of egg, meat, potato, green chili and  cheese. Perhaps my only gripe (if you can call it that) is that the cheese is American. However,  it's thoroughly melted and works. All this for $3.00. More bang for your buck than Santiago's and you can use your debit card.Alameda Burrito is a great little hole in the wall to get your breakfast burrito fix and it may become a problem...erm... habit in 2013.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,3/27/2013,702,888,7,13,12>I've had a hard time figuring out how to review this place, because I'm not sure what else to say other than that I just loved it. I looooooved it. I felt very at home even on my solo visit. I used to live a few blocks away and man, how my neighborhood friends and I longed for a small, cool, casual, comfortable, unassuming, unpretentious, uncrowded place like this to hang out at. On a recent sunny Saturday afternoon, I stopped in while killing time waiting for another errand to wrap up. There were many high-top tables filled and a few people sitting at the bar, with one very friendly guy serving us all. I tried all three available samples at $2 each - the pomegranate acai wheat, the English mild and the saison. I don't typically like wheat beers but this one was delicious, just faintly fruity and could be my next summer beer. The English was my favorite, perfectly dark and rich and smooth. The saison was tart, refreshing and not cloying and for that reason I liked it more than other saisons I've tried. I enjoyed chatting with the guy pouring beers as well as the guys sitting next to me who were talking about other local breweries and distilleries with all the passion that makes me adore Denver and the people who live here and especially those who brew delicious beer! I'm a huge fan of the light, minimal, industrial interior. I thought the popcorn machine was a nice touch as well as the few pups and bikes scattered about. I could have stuck around all day, and I will surely be back soon to do so.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/26/2013,226,218,3,7,8>I love, love, LOVE the Ogden. I never really went to concerts much before moving to Denver - that's all changed in the past five years or so since I realized all the great small (but very cool) venues we have.I've been to a zillion shows at the Ogden - can't believe I'm just now getting around to reviewing it. My last visit was on New Year's Eve to see the Lumineers. Of course it helped that I absolutely love this band but it was also, once again, a great time at this venue.The Ogden features a balcony section up top, which is great for those who don't want to be in the center of all the action. The back bar downstairs offers lots of seating around it and if you want to get really close, the floor is super-accessible.  That's typically where you'll find me, though I've been known to hit the bar mid-show and just stay there.On NYE in particular, both the front and back bars were hoppin' and artist merchandise was flying off the shelves out front. Our bartender was visibly frazzled, but really nice. I gave her a great tip to start my 2013 karma off on the right foot and it seemed to pay off as we were well taken care of all night. And since it was NYE they had champagne too, which was a fun and festive touch.  I think what I love most about the Ogden is that there really are no bad seats - whether you want to hang back or get up close, you can do it here and have an awesome time.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,3/25/2013,227,426,5,10,8>Irony: a pristine, hole-in-the-wall joint. That's what Zoe Ma Ma is. The little storefront is literally a hole-in-the-wall with very tightly-spaced tables inside....and sometimes you do have to share your table with other customers. When the weather is warmer outside, there are outside seating options, but they're still tight.So, if you are claustrophobic, please do not come to Zoe Ma Ma. You might freak out.ANYWAY--the "pristine" part is that, unlike a normal hole-in-the-wall, the space is clean and tastefully decorated. The tables are adorned with Chinese-American newspapers under the glass. The workers? All superb with customer service, topping off water as needed.The most important part: the food. I have had the Za Jiang Mian twice and it is so tasty! Granted, I've had better Za Jiang Mian in Korean restaurants, but oh well...Zoe Ma Ma will have to do when I'm in Boulder.If you want some of the dim sum, go for the steamy bun (bao). One can fill you up! Two would be a meal, although you should probably find some way to add vegetables in after that. ;)There are daily specials and Zoe Ma Ma also does some family dinners (seating limited to 8 people). This is now my go-to in Boulder if I want some tasty Chinese food.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,3/24/2013,188,261,5,8,8>Heavenly, this place is what dreams are made of!I can't stop thinking of my delicious experiences here! Lucky us, this little bit of Peruvian magic has descended upon Denver! First off, there is a yelp deal online and if you check in you can get 10% off. But, I insist on paying full price because this place is worth it!I have tried 6 dishes and a few drinks and all were so ridiculously amazing that the English language can't describe them adequately! Wow, these people know what they are doing. I suggest getting an appetizer / drink during happy hour. But whatever you order it will be great, you can bet on that. I loved the avocado and shrimp salad as well as the pescado with cilantro, among other menu items. As this is my first Peruvian cuisine experience, I wasn't sure what to expect. They have good explanations on the menu and will answer any questions you may have. They specialize in sea food, but have other options as well. The secret is in their spices - they know how to make everything work together perfectly.The service is friendly and helpful. The ambiance is warm and makes you feel like you have skipped the country. I hope it gets more popular, because this place deserves it! I can't wait to return and sample even more items on the menu. I have to find some others who are willing to go with me and then cycle through them until I have tried it all!The prices are a little high for Cap Hill, but it seriously feels like an exotic vacation destination! This place would be great to meet and have a drink at the bar, have a group enjoy a meal, or have a lovely date night. Read the other reviews if you must, there are a lot of filtered ones too. Whatever you do, don't hesitate to try this place out. You will not regret it!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/23/2013,263,617,6,17,12>Someone call Guy Fieri! This place deserves a spot on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives," for sure.I remember when Utumporn (known as "Anna") Killoran--the Thai Cart Lady--was servin' up Drunken Noodles, et al., on the 16th Street Mall. But goin' on 2 years ago she opened up the Thai Street Food Restaurant in Aurora, just west of the Anschutz Medical Center, and she's still about the best Thai chef in Denver.Had a kick-your-butt, head-sweatingly-good dish of pork larb (medium hot) with rice this afternoon, and it reminded me of why I love this lady's cooking: A delicious mixing of flavors, textures and spices make for the best larb I've ever tasted.Prices have gone up, but are still reasonable ($8 for the larb; $1 for a couple of the best cream cheese and crab fried wontons in the city; $1 for excellent rice; and $1 for a behemoth sweetened Thai ice tea).The restaurant is small. It seats maybe 30 people, and takes only cash. It's got a very bare bones and casual diner atmosphere, and while service is great, you might have to wait a bit, depending on the number of customers, since Ms. Killoran makes every dish to order. But these little annoyances aside, if you're willing to make the drive and spend the time, you're sure to be rewarded with a first class Thai dining experience.Ceri xhr! ("Bon appetit" in Google Thai:)
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/22/2013,639,447,13,10,20>I had my birthday party here this last weekend and I had a great time (until the point where I don't remember anymore, but the queso stain on my dress would indicate I had more fun). I mean, I already love this bar. It's the perfect mix to where it's not too upscale, but it doesn't feel like a total dive. It doesn't hurt that I have a crush on this whole neighborhood right now, so they kind of get a bump on that alone. But seriously, I had a great time at my birthday party and Michelle was the sweetest bartender ever. Even when my drunk ass slurred my way through closing my tab at midnight. It got a bit cramped in there for a while, but that was kind of my bad. I got excited and invited a lot of people. Too many people. Whoops. Thank you Matchbox for being the icing on my boozy birthday cake.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/21/2013,103,577,,6,9>This place is awesome! Cute decor, cozy feeling space, super friendly baristas, free wifi, and yummy drinks! They also serve Little Man ice cream!I really enjoyed my visit here and am looking forward to coming back soon. It's not too far from my office so I can see grabbing a beverage here often.  Since I am currently in the winter steamer and hot chocolate mode, I opted for a hot cocoa here. I do hope though that they will have good non-coffee choices for summer, too!Street parking in the area is a little tricky because a lot of it is permit-only so watch the signs, I think they have a handful of spots behind the building.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,3/20/2013,614,1007,,8,9>5280 brings out the best in some and Cuba Cuba is def one of those places. I hadn't been here in a  while, and shame on me. The food is brilliant. The service was amazing and the HH specials are fantastic. I didn't realize how much I missed this place until last week.Mojitos were as good as those down in the islands.The 5280 menu was good, but the regular menu was even better. I had the ceviche and it was melt in my mouth goodnessThe Plantains with a garlic batter were the best thing I had tasted all year.Everything was flavorful and delicious.I need to get in here more often.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/19/2013,203,267,3,6,7>I am so happy we chose to eat here on a recent weekday afternoon, very nice experience! We arrived around 1pm to a pretty empty place, were seated right away and told about the 'Grits of the Day' special. I am a huge grits gal, so not much convincing needed here-especially after the servers description. Crisped BBQ pork belly, Pickled vegetables with arugula, and a poached egg over Anson Mills grits? YES PLEASEWe ordered a biscuit with preserves to tie us over until our entrees were ready, delicious and crisp on outside, soft and fluffy on the inside. The preserves were some sort of sweet citrus, very good. I ordered a Bloody Mary and it was so delicious that I finished it in about 6 minutes, terribly good seasonings. The boyfriend had the cucumber drink, also delicious.Oh, behold those beautiful Anson Mills grits! They are obviously made with much love, fluffy and oh so creamy. The pork belly was fantastic and perfectly cooked. The egg was a bit overcooked but topped with a dollop of hollandaise it went down well and I really appreciated the pickled veggies and arugula. I finished the entire dish, beating my boyfriend who had to take home his leftovers. Service was fantastic and warm.*I can't believe it took me so long to dine here, much food fun has been wasted-guess I'll be coming back often to make up for it!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/18/2013,76,233,10,4,7>You know that scene in Clueless where Cher, Dionne, and the crew head out to a party the Valley? You know the part when Tai gets hit in the head with a shoe and Eldon ices her back to health? I don't know if it was the dark lighting, the number of plaid shirts and beanies I saw, or if the fact that "Rolling with the Homies" was one of the many amazing 90s jams we heard that night, but I  felt like I could have been in that scene when I was at The 1-Up...if that scene had TONS of video games lining the walls. All this nonsense aside - it's a great space -  exactly what I would expect of an adult arcade. I loved the game selection - Michael Jackson's Moonwalker, Track & Field, & NBA Jams...yes please! All the digital games were a quarter, pinball was $0.50 - way cheaper than I thought. Overall a fun night. It started getting crowded between 10 and 11 and when some weird guys were being judgmental toward those playing Skee Ball, that was our cue to leave. I think happy hour or up until 9pm would be the best time for me to visit in the future as to avoid said judgment and general crowdedness.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/17/2013,197,231,6,9,8>Holy Value Batman!Seriously - Thanks for Phil H for doing the research I apparently could never do the entire two year period my office was within walking distance of this joint and finding me the best sandwich deal in maybe the entire world.  I six buck combo containing a 6 inch sub, a bag of chips and a giant Xing Sweet Tea?  Get completely out of town.Dudes at this place are killer nice and they blew through the sandwich making in record time.  Also the menu has like 75 choices of sammies, which should quell the hunger of most folks.This place is buried in a non-descript business building in the DTC and you'll miss it unless you hunt for it, but it's safe to say that you can just follow the sound of my evil-sounding, victory laugh to find it now.Primetime.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/16/2013,51,163,11,22,19>Oh my! I'm annoyed by lazy, entitled, whiney Yelpers. On to my experience ...This IS another amazing hit in Highlands. The service was attentive yet comfortable. You know what I mean... we walked in the door and were immediately enveloped in a 'Hi, how are you and it's great to see you' way that didn't make us feel stalked or scrutinized. Throughout our visit we were shown excellent service that reminded me of Duo.   The décor is natural and elegant with a fun edge. While my visit was unplanned, I still had a plan (does that make sense?) I wanted to sit at the bar and talk to the bar staff and I wanted cocktails. My lovely adult daughter, Lex wanted food. The bar is occupied on a first-come/first-serve system (as it should be). We walked in 6 minutes after opening and easily grabbed bar stools. Yay, we got Ryan! I loved him at Euclid Hall and lets be honest, he has an awesome mustache. First, I wanted to talk virgin cocktails as my daughter is 18. Also, I wanted to learn some tricks. Then my daughter sees they have the 'good ginger beer, the kind that doesn't have any high fructose corn syrup in it' and goes with that. I ordered the Blossom because I was in the mood for gin. Then something magical happened. We were supplied two gorgeous house-made soft pretzels with mustard butter. OHMYGAWD. Seriously, I hate bread offerings. HATE! But you never, ever turn down a soft pretzel. Then add being hungry and viola!, magical happens.  Next was the splendid lobster pot pie that is exactly what I was craving as soon as I read the name. It was rich, fragrant and fresh. Then Lex asks, "Is foie gras good?" and I take that as a personal challenge (since I am paying the tab ; ) We pretty much licked that plate clean. If I could describe in one word, PERFECT. So, by now I ask Ryan for a Ramos Gin Fizz because a bar with this nature must have orange flower water. I was so very happy they didn't use that powdered egg white nonsense. The cocktail was clearly of Williams & Graham caliber (and Courtney was not even present). I'm getting tired of typing but I must tell you about the pork. I don't even know where to begin. We discussed the scallops but knew we would not have room for both. You must have the pork. Pork 6 ways if they have it (may be occasional). At this point we are nearly full and still happily eating away at belly, cheeks and ribs. Please believe me, it was glorious. So to sum up this visit to Old Major, it's a solid addition to the neighborhood. The fact that there are 'fair or worse' reviews when it's been open less a week tells you something about the writer. My first sentence hit that on the head Cheers!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/15/2013,43,40,5,15,9>Someone call the DEA!  I'm fully convinced the good people at D'Corazon must slip a little something-something into their food.Where else can you have a cheesy, saucy meal where you are so blissfully full and tipsy after a few margaritas, all for under $20?!D'Corazon has a warm place in my heart and a permanent VIP room in my stomach.  I've been to Mexico several times and while some may classify the menu offerings as "Americanized" Mexican, it sure looked and tasted a lot like the food I ate in Mexico.  And even if it is a bit Americanized, you can't tell me you have a problem with things having too much delicious, spicy enchilada sauce smothered on top of your food that is filled with excess gooey cheese.  And the restaurant itself, while a little cheesy, cramped, and loud, totally reminds me of the restaurants back in Puerto Vallarta.  Now if only Denver had some sand and water =(But in any case, this stuff is delicious and totally takes me back to my time in Mexico.  The service is friendly, the majority of the menu falls under $10, and the house margaritas are $3 with dinner ($4 without food).  The margaritas aren't the best I've had in Denver (I'd venture to say the house margarita might be among the least delicious margaritas I've had in Denver), so next time, I might skip the house deal and go for a flavored version of their margarita (which is only $1 or 2 more expensive).  The #6 combo (a massive portion/sampler of 1 smothered cheese enchilada, 1 smothered tamale, 1 bean and cheese tostada, and 1 beef taco) holds a very special place in my heart.  If you're like me (hungry and indecisive), this is the perfect plate to get.If you're going out for some food and margaritas, I'd highly recommend stopping in at D'Corazon for the meal portion (and a super cheap margarita) and then skipping over to the Rio for their tiny, albeit delicious margaritas to continue the fiesta.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,3/14/2013,180,496,1,8,3>What a great vet! The ladies at Park Animal Hospital & Wellness Center really care about you and your pet. They are welcoming, professional, and always have something nice to say to your dog, cat, or other animal. With a great location at Louisiana Pearl intersection, I am sure they have a long list of clients but they always have made time for me. Unlike some vets, there is no pressure to get extra treatments, meds, etc. Dr. Chris educates you and then lets you come to your own decision. Park Animal also offers dental services and they are running a special-$100 a dental treatment through November 30th. I will be taking full advantage of that for my little pup! If you are unhappy with your current vet or don't have a permanent vet in the area, definitely check out Park Animal Hospital & Wellness Center for professional and personalized care.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,3/13/2013,242,830,4,7,5>Update:  Delivery was Fast and Awesome.I got the Seekh Kabob (From the menu:) "Minced lamb blended with onion, garlic, ginger, and spices, wrapped around skewers and baked, served on sizzle platter with onions" and a side of Garlic Naan.It's chilly out tonight, and even the Naan was still warm when it got here.  (Much faster than the quoted 45-60 minute time.)  Then again, I live less than a mile away, and it was just pure slothfulness (Hey, I was already in my jammies) that kept me from picking it up.   But sometimes it's just worth it.  They still give you the huge amount of rice, cooked perfectly (it better be... it's an INDIAN restaurant!) and the Kabob comes with some sort of Tamarind Chutney Sauce... which was... holy WOW.  I tasted it first... and then I "tasted" another spoonful... and then I "tasted" ANOTHER spoonful... You get the idea.There's more than enough leftover in the fridge to feed me for 2 more meals.I should really try that  buffet lunch thing they've got going on...
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,3/12/2013,79,217,,9,8>Yak and Yeti has all that I'm looking for in a restaurant. -  The food is top notch-  The beers are tasty and unique-  The ambiance is fun -  The service is fabulous I've been here a few times and each time I wonder why I don't come here more often.  So the food ... my two favorite dishes are Tibetan Noodles and the Vindaloo.  Both are on the spicy side, which if you like spicy you won't be disappointed.  The Tibetan Noodles reminded me of a Pha Thai with a Tibetan twist. I've had a few beers from the Yak side of the house and really liked the Chai Milk Stout and the Himalayan IPA.  The Chai Milk Stout is pretty similar to other milt stouts constancy wise, it just has a hint of Chai that gives it a unique taste.  The Himalayan IPA won a gold at GABF, so you know it doesn't suck.Check this place out if you like Indian food and/or good beer ... they have plenty of both!  Oh on the weekends it gets crowded ... reservations are a great idea!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,3/11/2013,54,320,6,8,8>To buy some yelp cred, I did not go to the bagel Delicatessen due to Guy from Food Network.  Sure, I usually like his picks. . .but this one missed us by.When the Yelp Event (DTC Lunch) noted they were going to Bagel Delicatessen I pictured a Einstein bagels. What is with these yelpers? A bagel store? seriously? Walking up to it , the same thought came to mind. It is non-descriptive and sits between a goodwill store and a dry cleaner.It was only when I joined the group and looked at the menu did I do a spit take. It was a Jewish Deli just as if Kats Deli in NY is a deli (i.e no deli at all).  Same type of stuff, huge sandwiches, made on-sitee cured meats, and a great selection of jewish stuff (latkakes, matza ball soup, etc). . .The Review -  -- -Service - Easily beats Katz in NY hands down.  One of the reasons that when I'm in that area of NYC I hit clinton street baking company instead.  This is a New York Jewish deli without the NY attitude. Friendly service 5/5Food - The DTC lunch club did lunch. I hit it today for breakfast.  Both meals were excellent. This meat doesn't come cheap (sandwiches at $9 bucks or so) but was worth every penny. 5/5Coffee - It is very ironic that i'm sitting there complaining about the mediocrity of the coffee and my wife reads a review on the wall (first table as you come in) that says "everything excellent but the coffee".  Look I know your place is awesome, but no excuse for potato water with breakfast 1/5.  The coffee is why this is between a 4 and a 5 review . ..but I went with 5.Look I'll be back, bad coffee or not. . .the breakfast was awesome, the lunch was awesome.  Take it from a former CT residence who has hit a few Jewish delis in his day. . .
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/10/2013,186,551,1,16,14>This is I believe the first five star I've given in quite some time.  My friends and I wanted to stop in at Hops and Pie on a Sunday for lunch, but they don't open til 2, so we meandered down the street to Kyle's per Yelp's recommendation.  First off, the place is small with probably 5 - 10 tables and a bar to sit at.  It feels like an old-time, greasy spoon diner.  Kyle, the owner sat down with us and explained the foods, told us they use fresh fruits for everything and try to use as fresh of ingredients as possible.I tried the breakfast burrito with green chile and chorizo.  The green chile is a thicker style, but damn tasty with a bit of a kick to keep you remembering it for a bit.  Overall, the burrito was fantastic, but I really, really loved the green chile.  My friends had a root beer float and a chocolate shake, which were pretty tasty, or maybe I was just starving?  They also split the eggs and pork chops and the blueberry pancakes.  I got to finish the pancake for them and it was truly one of the better pancakes I've had.  The blueberries burst with flavor, and these pancakes are huge.Overall, I'd say the price is reasonable, and this is a place if I lived in Berkely I'd stop in a lot.  They are only open til 2 though.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/9/2013,35,184,8,12,8>Do you know how many times we walked by here and peered in the windows before it finally opened?  We expected some kind of a GRAND OPENING gesture, or at least a mention on their website or Facebook or something, but nah.  When you spend two years and tons of money opening the only baum cake shoppe in North America, why would you want to let anyone know they can purchase said baum cakes from your shoppe?Well, they're finally open.  I'd seen pictures of baum cakes and was hoping for a cross between a donut and a cake, and that's relatively close to what they are.  They're cakes made of thin little layers and glazed.  They are not terribly moist, but I don't think they're supposed to be.  They are not Betty Crocker cakes.  They are not terribly sweet, but I don't think they're supposed to be.  They are not Betty Crocker cakes.  They are mild in flavor, delicate, and fun to eat because you can peel the layers apart.  The glazes are tasty and give the outside a nice crunch.We were really impressed with the service.  The owner is maybe a bit proud of her shoppe, but she invested a ton of time and money (as she reminded us multiple times during our visit) so she ought to be proud, I suppose.  They're very sample friendly.  We tried probably four or five different types of baum cake, all of which were tasty.  I was actually most impressed with the green tea cake, though we ended up with a couple chocolate varieties.  They have a mini baum cake, a full baum cake, a baum mountain or something which has a slightly different consistency, and chocolate covered baum pieces.  We REALLY enjoyed the chocolate covered ones, which were coated in thick dark (70%) chocolate and had a delicate cake bite inside.  Everything we tasted was solid.The one criticism I have is the pricing, which is almost prohibitively expensive.  A baum cake will run you $18, and this is not an overly large item of food.  I know it's somewhat of a delicacy, but all I know is I'd be purchasing these things a lot more often if they were a little more affordable.  That said, I definitely recommend going and seeing what this unique (in America, anyway) dessert is all about.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/8/2013,226,447,2,6,4>I have wanted to try this place ever since I read Ashley B's glowing review and so tonight was the night that we were definitely in the mood for some empanadas! We ordered six empanadas for $17 - two chicken (with green olives, my favorite), a caprese (open-faced mozzarella, basil and cherry tomato) and the ham and cheese. The pastry is light and flaky, almost like a puff pastry, and the fillings were tasty and very satisfying. The portions aren't huge but there is definitely a lot of flavor here. I like the idea of ordering mini empanadas for a party. I'm also looking forward to trying the mate some day between 2pm and 4pm. Apparently it's authentically served in a gourd!We had the chimichurri sauce, a mild, oil-based condiment that soaks nicely into the soft, pillowy empanadas and adds a nice flavor punch. The salsa verde has more sizzle and is a lovely, smooth green blend of avocado and jalapeno. A delicious addition to our usual Boulder dining scene.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,3/7/2013,50,73,7,12,9>This is very, very good food in a very, very nice atmosphere. The service is fantastic and the atmosphere is soft and date-night like, but you don't have to dress up and they don't make you feel out of place because you're in jeans.The menu isn't your typical Chinese food fare; they do have that, don't get me wrong, but they also have really nice selections of fish and other items you wouldn't necessarily expect at a Chinese restaurant. Those were really pricey though so I'd save those for a special occasion.I had Happy Family. The scallops were so well cooked that I would've ordered a dish of just those had I known. They were tender and almost buttery; not at all chewy or fishy. The beef was obviously from a good cut of meat that had been cooked and sliced before adding to the dish because it was tender and juicy and also incredibly delicious. It really put all other beef dishes of curled up overcooked and chewy meat in other Chinese restaurants to shame. The vegetables were fresh and crunchy and the sauce had subtle hints of ginger and garlic instead of being an overpowering soy sauce gravy with MSG added. The service is phenomenal yet understated. Sometimes the filling of my water glass every time I drank an ounce or two was a little too attentive, but I never noticed them lingering so it didn't really bother me. Someone at my table actually spilled a glass of water and two staff members quietly swooped in, cleaned it up, covered the wet table cloth with napkins, replaced her water and disappeared into the night leaving me to say, "Who were those masked men!?" I wanted to spill another glass just to watch it all again. It was like some kind of mission impossible spy stuff with hushed tones. Cool.I only wish it weren't so pricey, but then again, the quality reflects the cost.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/6/2013,34,154,,7,6>So, I am a Missouri girl who grew up on St. Louis style pizza. Don't get me wrong, this place is good but it's not Imo's or Stefanina's. HOWEVER - its a damn good second. I was out there for the 3rd time the other night and thought I should at least take the time to right a review because, well, the pizza and toasted ravioli were just delicious! You have to understand that what makes a St. Louis style pizza is the provel cheese and thin crust. I am not quite sure what happens in St. Louis that makes it a little different but it is - however, when we crave it, we had out to City Pizza because its good enough to hold us over until we go home. The staff are incredibly friendly and we always have good service. Mind you, this isn't a fancy-schmancy restaurant. Just a little hole-in-the-wall pizza place but we go for the pizza, not the restaurant. It's always clean and we are always able to get a seat. My recommendation: sausge and onion. Keep it simple so the cheese comes through, And ALWAYS get some toasted ravioli. You are missing out if you don't!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/5/2013,809,1185,6,13,13>For those of you that know me you know I have a very hard time with sushi.  Weather it's all the rice or the raw fish who knows - let's just say it's an opportunity and I'm totally working on it.  Saturday night another surprise from my dinner companion, reservations at 5:45 at Izakaya Den.  He knew I wasn't a sushi fan and still convinced that I would love this place.  I bow down in complete agreement, you know who you are.  This place blew me away and took me by complete surprise.Even though we arrived a few minutes late the hostess was very accommodating.  Make sure you allow enough time for parking as you may need to walk a little ways or pay for valet.  Onto our delectable dinner.  Our waiter, ALEC was a welcome addition to an already great evening out.  Tall, handsome, friendly, knowledgeable on the menu and there but not there at all the appropriate times throughout the evening.  I let my company lead this evening letting him order everything, the wine, the food, all of it.  Kind of nice to let someone do the ordering for a change.  More kudos to my dinner companion for making all the right choices.  We started with the Japanese Vegetable Appetizer.  Three traditional vegetable preparations with all completely different flavors. I enjoyed having similar texture within all three and being surprised by how different each one was and how much I enjoyed each one individually.My favorite dish of the night was the Crispy Tuna, tempura sushi rice cake, spicy tuna, avocado, sliced jalapenos, tobiko, sweet eel sauce.  I've never had anything like this.  It comes to the table and your jaw drops open in awe of how beautiful it looks.  It's sliced almost like a pie.  The idea is to eat everything in one bite to enjoy all the flavors together as each one compliments the next and makes the bite exactly what it should be, a heavenly and delicate bite of crispy spicy tuna.  Dare I say I could come here and just order this dish.  Well, maybe 5 orders and each bite would be heaven all over again.  The jalapeno adds a needed spiciness to the dish, the thin slices of avocado add creaminess and the tuna shines on top on the crispy sushi rice cake.  OMG, can someone bring me one right now, I'm craving one as I write this review.  We also shared the Izakaya Den Short Ribs with a sweet Korean marinade, jalapenos, and haricot vert.  Make sure you dip the short ribs into the sauce on the bottom of the dish, that's the money.  Let me just say that I love the thin sliced jalapenos on everything here, it's not overpowering at all, just compliments the overall flavor of the dishes.  The short ribs are sizable as an individual portion, I would recommend sharing them with one or two other people so you can continue enjoying the rest of their fabulous menu.Now, here's where my knowledge fades a bit, as we come to the sushi, and I mean real sushi (that's right I had the real stuff too).Caterpillar Roll (Eel and Avocado roll).  Just realizing now that I ate eel being told by my dinner companion.  I have to say I let him order everything, trusting him implicitly.  The roll was good, not my favorite of the evening but very solid.  Tuna belly - the Lamborghini of tuna.  Another recommendation from the waiter and was completely worth it.  I was told this is really the whole sushi experience - the high end of the sushi scale.  This is straight raw tuna - no special effects or sauce - the creme of the creme.  I would love to come back here and try more of their menu.  Romantic and classy, this is definitely a date night place and will definitely have you asking for a second date, trust me!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,3/4/2013,268,175,14,16,14>Thank you Anti-Saloon League, Methodists, Baptists, Disciples and Congregationalists. Without your bullsh*t we wouldn't have had the 18th Amendment, the 21st Amendment, and Green Russell.Definitely not a blind pig, and a little too affected to be the perfect speakeasy, Green Russell to me is the consummate bar to start, or close, a sophisticated night out on the town. The room is suitably dark and hushed; the seating around the bar compels you to lean in just a little closer, to be conspiratorial, flirtatious. The inviting circular booths definitely demand more action than the tête-à-têtes being exchanged in whispered tones at the bar.Next, you need your cocktail - at Green Russell they are generously intoxicating and disarmingly smooth. Go easy, or not, you won't be disappointed because each drink is prepared with the choicest spirits, mixers, and lively garnishes.  The drink menu is extensive, but you can let the bartender decide for you, just let them know what you like: honeyed, lissome, or strapping. All this 'craftiness' takes time however so be prepared to wait since each drink takes at least 10 minutes; think of it as part of the tease. These drinks will definitely lubricate more than your soul. You don't need a Centurion, but be forewarned that each of these libations will set you back $12. The price of admission and the reservations only policy ensure a mellow ambiance, as it should be for a classy, sexy, drinking joint like Green Russell.___________________________________Gratuitous quote: "Mix one part Denzel Washington and two parts Eva Mendes and you have a nice hot cocktail" - Dean Cain
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,3/3/2013,389,548,10,12,13>Our meal here was great, just be cautious not to overload on the cheese on a Friday night like we did, or you'll be hurtin' all weekend.We had a big group with a reservation, but the restaurant wasn't too, too busy for a Friday night.  Parking in this area is balls, so ride your bike if you can.The menu has so many great options, it was hard to decide on appetizers.  The mozzarella bar choices sold me, with four choices of either plain fresh mozz, smoked, ricotta, or the creamy, mixed kind (like a slightly mixed burrata).  All are made in house.  We got all four for the table to share and it comes with all the grilled bread you need.  Also delicious were the fried cheese curds and salted Marcona almonds.  At this point, I'm sure you're noticing a theme (save for the almonds).The boyfriend and I shared a Popeye pie (spinach) but pretty soon our table began swapping slices as everyone was digging on what they were eating so much, they wanted to share!  As a result, I got a slice of Kristen N's margarita style pizza (had a different name) and it was solid.  The pizzas were much bigger than I originally anticipated and had a nice crisp on the outer crust while managing to be chewy (but not soggy) all the way through.We all know pizza's lifemate is beer and Lucky Pie has a great selection.  I had the Dank IPA from Dad and Dude's and it was a great, grapefruity representation.  I also had a Rogue Oregasmic which I already know I like.Service was great as our server handled our large group with ease and was very knowledgable.I think next time though, I'm going to only do one form of cheese.  I didn't know one could OD on cheese but I was wrong.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,3/2/2013,306,629,2,7,5>After several repeat visits, Land of Sushi gets to keep all five stars.  I've been a few more times with my husband as well as with friends and by myself, and I've never had a bad experience.I still haven't had a roll I didn't like; I'm partial to the spicy yellowtail, but the California is better than most out there.  I've tried both the spider roll and the tempura lobster roll, and while neither is authentic, both are great.  Service is great, and they accomodate sushi conoisseurs with out-there fish questions the same as they treat sushi newbies who request a fork and spicy mayo.I finally went for lunch and tried out the cooked food as well.  It was both amazing and a great deal!  For $10, I had: miso soup, a house salad, tempura shrimp and vegetables, teriyaki salmon, and rice.  The teriyaki sauce was rich and not sugar-y, and the tempura coating was light and crispy.  I've also had the gyoza and can vouch for them, too.If you live on the south end of town, check out Land of Sushi.  And even if you don't live in the area, it's worth the drive.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/1/2013,220,1215,,14,10>Yeah for cute local businesses!Staff (husband is the chef, wife if the hostess with the mostess, and a couple others) are beyond friendly, always have a smile on their face and do their best to make your experience fabulous!I haven't been for lunch since they changed their lunch menu to be standard every day, but i'm looking forward to making it back. Dinner i've enjoyed a number of times, and it is always an experience. Not always something that we like, but you can tell it was made expertly, with lots of thought put into it.Sadly as i have aged, red sauce tends to send me into spastic heartburn right around 2 am if i eat it for dinner so i don't normally partake. The dinner menu had changed before me got there so the cream sauce option was not there, so i went with xtra appetizers (definitely not a bad thing) and a Cesar salad and did sneak hubby's left over sausage and red sauce - which joy of joys did not leave me writhing in pain at 2 am, so finally a place i can enjoy red sauce! Woot!Back to the appetizers! Their fresh made barrata is always tasty, but now they have a cute little option where you choose your pieces from a list $2 each! The goat cheese with basil pesto was to die for - we had 2 and i considered a third!They have their own branded wines, which i find adorable and very drinkable - and at $20 a pop, not a pain in the wallet!By far the gnocchi is the best dish they make, so if you see it on the menu - grab it!Glad to have a cute, delicious restaurant in the hood to grab a bite when you can't decide what to cook for dinner or need a little romantic outing!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,2/28/2013,315,429,5,11,9>After my first visit to Thai Monkey Club back in August, I've been dreaming of my next chance for a second visit.  Well, the mood hit and a friend and I made it back last night.Everything on the menu is oh so tempting!  I opted to try the red curry with beef last night while my friend went with the drunken noodles.  For some reason, even after being discouraged by our server, we both were feeling daring and went with the spice level 3.  Oh boy.  I figured venturing half way in spiciness would be okay, but hot damn, my face was on fire!  A 2 would have been plenty spicy!  Now, don't get me wrong, my curry and rice was amazingly delicious, but my face was indeed on fire!  And my friend's drunken noodles were incredibly awesome as well.I may not be an expert on Thai food in any way shape or form, but my palate is certainly loving the spicy flavors and wonderful noodle dishes.  And TMC is definitely high up in my book of favorite Thai places right now.  If you're looking for a kick in the teeth with your noodles and rice, Thai Monkey Club is the place to go!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,2/27/2013,2089,519,13,18,15>I happen to really enjoy my dining experiences here @ Basil Flats. It's a no hassle eatery where you order up front and the staff will bring your order to the table of your choice. The prices are OKAY and could be a little better for the portions you receive but the ingredients are prepared well and not loaded with oil or overly seasoned. I'd say they have well balanced recipes. The layout is nice with lots of modern features. The beverage station could use a little more love and can get a little hectic if there are a few people waiting to fill their cups at the same time. The tables are equipped with condiments and they also bring out a basket of napkins and utensils along side your freshly crafted bites. You can also let the staff member know if you need anything else and they usually come back with your request quickly. Like I said, the food is good and it honestly makes me feel like I'm eating pretty healthy. I love their salads and the dressings they have. I'd say if you're up for an Americanized twist with Mediterranean flavors, this is worth a shot if your in the area. I know I'll be back for some more.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,2/26/2013,500,166,6,19,15>Fanfare, please! (Dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-deeeeeeeeeeee........­....) It gives me great pleasure to tell you about another Aurora gem fit for a Tsar - Royal International Cuisine, to be precise. This little nook at Quincy and Parker (yes, in the shopette behind the 7-11) offers up an array of edibles not only from Russia but other parts of the former Soviet Union as well, from within its soothing walls of deep, mellow burgundy.Just look at those rounds of Lepeshka (Bukharian - as opposed to Bulgarian - flatbread). I'll bet that would be a nice starter. But boy, those Caucasian-in-origin cheese pies called Khachapuri are all flaky and crackly and just waiting to be bitten into. Then again, that big bowl of Salat Olivie (boiled chopped potatoes with eggs, peas and a generous helping of mayonnaise) is a temptation to be sure. Hmmmmm, this may take a moment. Oops, I just noticed the actual menu. Well gosh, I've always had a soft spot for the hearty Georgian soup known as Kharcho, melding lamb (or sometimes beef), cilantro, chopped walnuts, and Tklapi [sour plum paste]... and I can get a nice big bowl here? Delightful. But now that I think about it, those meat-filled dumplings [also called Pelmeni, these are of Siberian origin] are a popular fave with me too. Ooh, those breaded-and-fried chicken cutlets [Kotlety Pozharsky, named for a Russian national hero] sure look juicy too. But wait... a kebab sounds kind of nice. Oh, those take a little while to cook you say? No problem - patience is a virtue after all.Hold on - now you're telling me there's even more on the (ever-changing) steam table? Well, by all means, let's check it out. Mmmmmmmm, crab stuffed fish fillets. Oooooooooh, barbecued pork ribs. Aaaaaaaah, the Uzbeki lamb-and-rice extravaganza called Plov. So many options... so little stomach space... hmm... eenee, meenee, minee...[URP] No really, I do have a bit more room left. Why sure, I'd love to try a cheese blintz with sour cream and cherry preserves. Or maybe a slice (but just a very little one!) of one of those homemade cakes, in a multitude of flavors.When you sample what's on offer at Royal International, you'll be bowing down too. Vsero dobrovo!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,2/25/2013,154,335,6,9,11>I knew I was coming here for the fries and after a quick perusal on yelp I found everything else I wanted to try!Jonseys has been on my short list for a while now but with this summer being so hectic the gift certificate I had was languishing in my wallet until last Friday. Unable to ignore the potential for an amazing feast any longer I called a few friends and we all headed down to Jonseys. First of all can I say I *heart* the location? With parking lots all over the vicinity and ample street parking you will always find a place to be. When you enter the establishment you know you've come to a place that has made its own atmosphere. It really does have this friendly vibe from the moment you step in and the hostess makes you eye contact to the well put together but casual dress of the servers. The place is littered with comfortable over sized chairs and mood lighting. It would be a great choice for a date because the staff proves but efficient and non intrusive.The pricing is what you would expect for the location and quality of the food. Much of it local sourced and some of it home grown.Now lets talk food. I tried my companions pea shoot pasta and meatloaf choices... but my dinner was the best.The french fries were crisp on the outside and exultingly tender within. The truffle aolie drizzled lovingly over top melted into every nook and cranny of the fries which were also anointed with freshly ground black pepper and coarse salt. Each bite was creamy, hot, savory and addicting. I think I devoured it even more the the stunningly delicious mac and cheese fries. Now on to the entree. Pork risotto. RIDICULOUS. I think i may have taken a bite and started drooling from the moth due to the pure ridiculously delicious flavor. the risotto was cooked aldente, rich and creamy with chunks of fresh veggies large enough to burst in your mouth with the flavors only young green things have.  The veggies kept the dish from being too rich and creamy. Because the pork belly .. was rich and creamy. I am tempted to write love letters about it, dedicate poems to it and demand Anthony Bourdain come to Denver RIGHT NOW so he can put into words what I cannot.  The fatty top layer is caramelized and perfectly seasoned. the meat held within is tender and juicy. Every mouthful plays upon your tongue like a symphony of flavor and you are left staring at an empty plate in satisfaction and heartbreak.  I made room for dessert which was a gooey butter cake. Gooey? yes, Buttery? yes .. but nothing could follow the perfection of the pork!As a side note the couple to the right of us were vegetarian and the effort the staff made to ensure their meal was exactly to their needs was impressive. They even came back after an order to let them know that they had butter in the mash potatos and if that was ok. KUDOS for caring about your customers.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,2/24/2013,164,180,6,7,8>I'm getting to be an old lady. I need light to see. The thing I love about this little dive bar is that it has these great chandeliers that they actually turn on and use! I don't know if it's always that way but I really loved it when I was there. I also love that they have DELICIOUS deep dish pizza with tongue tantalizing tomato sauce (seriously, if you were home alone you would lick it) and crust that was prepared with love. The thin crust pizza is so good that the crust is actually part of the experience instead of just a vehicle for the yummy toppings like BACON. I used their website to order the deep dish ahead of time (it takes 45 minutes) and it was ready when I got there. They also deliver... so you CAN lick the sauce in the privacy of your own home.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,2/23/2013,41,250,3,8,5>Expecting very little, my husband and I were pleasantly surprised by an evening here recently with my in-laws.Apparently, they have recently redone the place and it is now quite nice.  We were quickly seated in a booth in the back and allowed to peruse the menu.  They were part of Boulder Restaurant Week and that menu was ordered by one of our party.  They were accommodating enough to modify one of the apps for allergy issues, which was quite nice.The rest of us ordered off the standard menu and found all the food quite enjoyable.  Drinks were strong and the dessert comes from a local bakery.  Service was new, but friendly and overall we had a lovely evening.If you have despaired of finding a "nice dining" option in Longmont, swing by here and give them a shot.  Local ingredients, several drink options, and a large parking lot make this restaurant worth giving a chance before driving to Boulder.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,2/22/2013,331,569,15,11,12>My husband likes metal and sometimes I'm forced to listen to it when we're driving in the car and sometimes I threaten to jump out of the car for the sake of my ears.  So, I'm admittedly, quite surprised that I like this place as much as I do.Here's what you should know:Yes, they play metal, but it's not blasting. It's not like that time you decided to spend four tickets at the fair to ride the Gravitron and the carnie in the middle blasted his death metal, while you spun in a circle really really fast while hanging upside down stuck to a wall and then you puked and had a skull crushing headache once the ride was over.  It's not like that.  Instead, the music is pretty much only something you notice if there is a lull in the conversation or if you're there with my husband, who will excitedly exclaim, "Yes, I love this album!" while drumming on the bar.Black walls, "dark" art, salvaged wood.  Everything is simple and pretty, uh, awesome.Their growlers are pretty bad ass.  While most growlers will serve their purpose to haul beer around, not all look cool while doing it.  They have three beers on tap and do not plan on having more or hosting guest beers anytime in the near future.  I really liked their Belgian.  REALLY LIKED IT.They have a great location on Broadway.  So many breweries are located in the middle of nowhere making me less inclined to visit.  TRVE is super close to lots of restaurants and bars in case you want to make a night of it.Samples are cheap!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,2/21/2013,42,207,5,8,8>Well, my star rating actually started at a 2, but ended at a five. I booked our table on OpenTable for 7 - showed at 7:10p.m.  They said they did not know how to use OpenTable and therefore did not have a table ready.  Being that I was STARVING, I was less thank pleased.  After 15 minutes, we were finally sat and I was even LESS pleased.However, the night turned around quickly. The staff there BUSTS their humps moving around getting all the amazing food ready for the tables.  We ordered the BBQ Feast for three (even though there were two of us - remember how hungry I was)?  Ummmm...I can eat like a horse and I was very hungry - with all that, do NOT order for three if you are only two!  The upside, I just ate some leftovers - yummy!  Anyway, all the sides, meats, salads, etc. started to quickly pour onto our table.  Just when we thought we were getting toward the end, the two largest bacon strips ever created were brought to the table.  The classic moment was at the end - we were ready to roll home when they brought "dessert."  A large bowl of cold noodles in a some type of broth.  Just like any good American, I ate more because it was there - it was very refreshing!Having recently return from Seoul (where I discovered this omnivore's paradise of food selection), I can say this place is authentic and awesome.  Sarah, the owner, was so much fun and drank a few shots of Soju with us! I wish she would have hooked us up for the wait, but we had fun and ate like kings.There is NO doubt, I will be back soon.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2012,2/20/2013,208,396,5,12,9>I hate to do it, but I need to buck the trend of absolutely glowing reviews.  Did I enjoy my meal at Z Cuisine?  Certainly.  Was it one of the best meals I've ever eaten?  No.  Maybe my expectations were simply too high, but given other reviews I thought this place was going to be mind-blowing.  I had been looking forward to coming to Z Cuisine for quite a while, but it had been put on the back burner as it's difficult for me to get there early.  A friend had a gift card and we had reason to celebrate, so we took the opportunity and made dinner at Z Cuisine a reality.I will say that she had the fois gras and RAVED about it.  But, of the night, I think that was the only truly rave-worthy item we got.  I started with a salad that was pretty tasty.  I then had the boeuf bourguignon.  The boeuf was very tender!  The noodles it was served with were also quite good.  Where the dish let me down is that I had maybe 3 small potatoes, 2 small carrot pieces, and 5 mushrooms.  I really had expected more than just beef + noodles.  I had hoped for more of the other ingredients that are part of the dish.  Also, the sauce while good, did not have the rich decadent wine/butter flavor that I had expected.  It actually was more like a stroganoff, which was odd.  So, while the dish was good (I did eat it all) it did not meet expectations.  And, I just have to say that my friend's boeuf bourgiugnon is way tastier than what I had at Z Cuisine, which shocked me.  I think I'll just stick to her cooking it in the future.  I ended my meal with the lemon and honey crepe.  Again, it was good, but it was lacking something.  Don't know if it needed more lemon, more honey, or both, but it tasted mostly like a plain crepe.Overall, Z Cuisine is just A-OK (3 stars) in my book.  Would I go back?  Sure.  Especially if I wasn't footing the bill.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/19/2013,67,227,9,14,12>HOLY CRAP THIS PLACE IS FANTASTIC.Please - check out this new wood-fired pizza place in one of the nicer parts of Aurora.  If they don't get enough business to stay open, the 'burbs are going to lose one of the BEST pizza spots around.  Where do I start with this review?  There are just so many great things...so I guess I'll start with the food.Their wood-fired pizza is phenomenal.  Their custom oven (which has over 5,000 pounds of concrete) cooks the crust to perfection with a quickness.  Crispy outside, chewy inside.  When you split the crust open it looks like it should be in a commercial as all the glorious steam escapes into the air.  The dough is made fresh every day, and each pizza is made-to-order with great care and tossed up in the air for added flair.  Holy crap.  I just rhymed.  That's how GREAT this place is, it made me rhyme. Let's talk a little more about that custom oven.  After speaking with Will, the owner, he told me that this monstrosity of pizza perfection was designed in Italy, made in San Francisco, and windows had to be removed from the storefront in order to get it into the restaurant.  That's dedication to the art of pizza-making, bitches. And don't you forget it.  It's a beautiful freaking masterpiece that cooks the pies in about 3-5 minutes (maybe a little longer if they're extra busy) and makes the whole restaurant smell amazing.  Also tried some of the garlic bread.  The flavors of the garlic bread combined with the light and buttery olive oil create a simple, delicious snack that, if you're not careful, could ruin your entire meal because you just want to keep eating more. The service there was topnotch.  Will and his employee were both very friendly, gracious, and came around to check in and see how we were enjoying our food. The restaurant was immaculately clean.  Pizza assembly line was spotless, and there wasn't even a spot on the back-splash of the soda dispenser.  Silverware was clean and condiments were readily accessible and didn't look overused.  You know when you go to get some Parmesan to sprinkle on your pizza and there are grease spots on the container and giant lumps of Parmesan that have been in there for who-knows-how-long?  You WON'T find that here.  Parmesan and red pepper flakes are served in individual cups to prevent this from happening. Smart move!!Oh and there's a GIANT Colorado flag painted on the wall.  Hell yes!Please, Yelpers, I beg of you - GO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT.  Even if you don't live in Aurora or Parker, it's worth the drive.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,2/18/2013,212,1203,6,8,9>Im not Sure if People Remember the Episode of How I met your Mother. Where they were guided on a quest because he couldnt remember where he tasted the best burger he ever EFFING HAD. Well Enter Bobs Atomic Burgers. I love the ordering system grab Wrapper circle or check what you want. Hand to the pretty girl behind the counter. And I went on Superhero day. My name was wolverine giggity. I ordered the double with cheese and tomatoes and lettuce and onions. OMG The burger was huge and flavorful and fresh. It was so fresh it was still steaming and a little to hot to eat. So I dug into the Onion petals with Ranch. Consider it a Blooming onion on a smaller scale. When i want a Burger I know where im going from now on. Doesnt matter that they are in Golden and Im in denver. Numero Uno baby. Also Check out the Specials board before entering.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,2/17/2013,47,60,4,8,5>I have to say I have been waiting for an unpretentious brunch spot that has amazing food. I am so tired of calling a spot up on Saturday or Sunday to hear about the 2 hour wait. It was a Sunday afternoon and after calling in it was only 30 minutes to the next reservation. After we got seated I was pleasantly surprised to see a simple but creative menu. Since I always want French toast and something a bit more filling I was extremely delighted to see that their French toast came with eggs and bacon. Being the true fat kid that I am I decided I also wanted a breakfast slider. The slider came out first which was perfect, a homemade biscuit, delicious sausage and perfectly scrambled egg. The French toast was very unique, it was thin but had great body to the bread and came with a delicious maple syrup. One of my friend's meal came out about 10 minutes late, but the wait staff swooped in and saved the day by being very apologetic and comping the meal without us even complaining... they were on top of it.I am sure this place will blow up I just hope I can continue to get a reservation on Sat/Sun afternoons :)
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,2/16/2013,218,194,3,7,5>A group of friends met up at the Barolo Grill on Wed a couple weeks ago.  Once we settled in we took a look at the wine menu, the list is quite long and many of the offerings were a touch on the pricey side.  Our server was excellent in all aspects, beginning with helping us pick out something we'd all like but wouldn't break the bank.  She made several suggestions and we settled on a very nice one from Italy that ran $50, it was so good we ended up killing off a few bottles.My girlfriend and I decided to do our own tasting menu, so we ordered one item from each of the 4 sections of the menu.  We started with the foie gras, it came with a couple of crustinis and was an awesomely decadent start to the meal.  Next up was the roasted beet salad, which consisted of red and gold beets mixed with goat cheese.  It was seriously good, just such a great combo of flavors!For the primi we split a half order of the house made pasta in a rich meat sauce, it might've been the best thing all night.  I kinda wished we got the full order so I could've taken home the leftovers for lunch the next day.  For our secondi we went for the braised duck, which was outstanding.  By braising you lose the crispiness of the duck skin, however it made for a nice juicy bird.  The portion was huge, with both a breast and a leg.  The weak links were the seasonal veggies and the roasted garlic potatoes, overdone and underseasoned.  For dessert we split some doughnuts that came with 3 types of fruit compotes.  A great ending to a fantastic meal.Two of the people with us got the chef's tasting menu, which all looked great.  I might have to try that out next time.  The overall vibe of the place was more casual than I thought it would be, and the service was top notch.  Of course we'll be going back!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,2/15/2013,285,768,5,10,10>Darn good. Very affordable. Friendly staff. Pie. Pie. Pie.  Smoked meats.These are the words that immediately come to mind when thinking of our meal at Gary Lee's the other night.  I enjoyed the open face smoked chicken sandwich. It was just what I was in the mood for. It wasn't the traditional dish but it was just as good. The chicken was wonderful with the smokey flavor. I loved the mashed potatoes and wished there was more on the sandwich.  I expected them to be served on the side but they were actually under the piles of chicken.  The gravy was thick and tied the meal together. I only ate the bottom of the buttered and toasted bun because it was just a bit too much for me. For my side I chose the sauteed brussels as did my mom. They were a hit. The brussels had a crunchy texture and a strong hit of black pepper that left a sting on your lips. The also had spaghetti squash throughout. I will forever order these because I know we'll be back.  My mom and the hubs both had brisket and they loved it.  I want to  try the smoked meatloaf.  For dessert, which I usually don't do, I enjoyed almost every bite of fresh peach pie. I felt  like a jerk asking if the pie were fresh, but I've been dooped too many times by canned fruit pie with copious amounts of that goop that had been frozen for days-gross.  The server said he understood why I asked and assured me the pies were baked fresh daily and were made from scratch with fresh fruit. Indeed it was. This compares to my grandma's pie and that's practically impossible!  Comfort food from beginning to end!As we were walking out my husband said "I love the smell of smoked meats in the air, I'm so glad you brought me to a place with smoked meats!"  I think we found a place that we can afford and both completely enjoy.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/14/2013,29,15,6,14,19>My wife Kristy and I have a bit of a sadomasochist streak when it comes to eating spicy food.  We always order our curries "Thai hot" or "Indian hot" when we go out (we even order "Thai Hot x 4" at some places in Denver).  We make dishes at home with exotic peppers from our homegrown pepper garden that are hotter than you can find just about anywhere.  We are always in search of a new incredibly spicy dish to test the limits of our spice tolerance.  There is just something that makes you feel alive when you are in the midst of a spice-induced sweat that clears your nasal passages while bringing an internal warmth throughout your entire body.If you are a lover of spicy food like us, then you have to go check out US Thai.  After reading all of the reviews commenting on the extreme spiciness of their curries, Kristy and I reluctantly made a rare, tactical decision to go with "Hot" rather than "Thai Hot" on our first visit just to test the waters.  We ordered the Chicken Paneng Curry (Hot) and the Beef Masman Curry (Hot) for take out.  When I first saw the curries in the take out containers, I knew that we had not been misled on the spiciness level, as the curries had a higher density of red Thai chili peppers in the sauce than I have ever seen in a Thai curry.  The Chicken Paneng Curry was an intoxicating blend of coconut milk, paneng curry paste, basil, bell peppers, and peanuts with an abundance of red thai chili peppers.  The Beef Masman Curry was a fairly similar mix of ingredients, except with masman curry paste, potatoes, and onions replacing the paneng curry paste and bell peppers.  The chicken and the beef slices in the curries were both phenomenally tender and flavorful.  Their meat was exactly how I like it in my curries.  As we began to devour our meals, the physical effects of the spiciness hit us quick and hard.  Within minutes, we were both sweating from our faces and breathing like we were in a couple's Lamaze class.  The "Hot" level of US Thai's curries was quite possibly the hottest Thai curry that I have ever experienced.  I honestly cannot even imagine how hot the "Thai Hot" level must be -- although I am now committed to trying it at least once just to experience it for myself (yet I would never recommend this to any rational human being).  I think part of the secret behind US Thai's extreme spiciness is that they include a large amount of seeds from the red Thai chili peppers in their curries, which act as concentrated capsaicin capsules that really take the heat to the next level.  Despite the nearly overwhelming heat, the curries as a whole retained a remarkable complexity of flavors that complemented the spiciness of the dish perfectly.  The bell peppers, potatoes, and onions within the curry were particularly delicious.    Overall, I thought that US Thai served up some of the best Thai curries that I have ever experienced.  This place is definitely a must-go for spice lovers in the Denver area.  While US Thai's overall Yelp rating of 4 stars is impressive, it would certainly be even higher without the litany of 2- and 1-star reviews from people who were unable to handle US Thai's impressive (and perhaps somewhat skewed) spice level.  But you've been thoroughly warned now, Yelpers.  US Thai brings the heat like no other.  And it is fantastic.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,2/13/2013,94,188,4,14,13>Frank nailed it again!  We visited the Vesper Lounge last night to grab some drinks and dinner, knowing full well it was the second day they were open and that we may experience some hiccups.  They were working out some issues with Comcast, but otherwise WOW!We were there during happy hour, so I tried one of their happy hour drinks first.  Their take on happy hour is great - very different.  Rather than doing a buy one get one free, or a dollar or percentage off, most happy hour specials are a cocktail or a beer plus a shot.  Adam Hodak, the bartender from Green Russell was there last night, and explained that he'd come up with the happy hour menu.  What a great idea!  I tried the "Swept Away" - a Cosmo coupled with a Lady in Pink shot.  Both were tasty.  They also offer 4 classic cocktails on tap - Boulevardier, Old Fashioned, Mai Tai and a Silver Gin Fizz.  We tried the Old Fashioned and the Gin Fizz, and Adam offered us a taste of the Boulevardier.  All 3 were delicious.  I also tried their House Cocktail, the Vesper and it was awesome.  Most of the drinks are around the $6 price point, which is really reasonable.  Especially considering that all of the drinks we tried packed a punch - after about 2 cocktails each, we both thought it was probably a good idea to eat something.The food menu is mostly mediterranean themed.  We tried the Baba Ganoush, the Marinated Fish Sandwich and the Chicken Pita.  The Baba Ganoush was some of the best I'd ever eaten.  It was smooth and creamy, topped with white and black sesame seeds, some fresh herbs and olive oil.  The olive oil was obviously very high quality, and you could taste the oil in each bite.  The sesame seeds were also a nice touch and added a little bit of a nutty taste to the dip, but the best part was the spicy finish.  Completely unexpected and it fit the dish perfectly!  I can't put my finger on what it was, but it was amazing.  The pita bread was toasted perfectly and tasty as well.  Both the Fish and Chicken were served in pitas and topped with Feta, Fattoush and Tzatziki and served with fries.  These were both delicious as well - the chicken was cooked perfectly and served in large satisfying chunks.  The fish was delicious, moist and flavorful, and was surprisingly plentiful.  The pita held way more fish than we expected.  The Tzatziki was really thick and flavored with feta, cucumbers and a slight hint of onion.  I could eat it by the bowl!  And then the fries, oh the fries . . .they had a hint of curry in the seasoning, and it pretty much made them perfect.  I ate every bite on my plate (or in my basket in this case).  The bartenders were friendly and helpful, obviously still learning some of the cocktails, but were efficient nonetheless.  The space is definitely a whole lot nicer and more welcoming than the Lancer lounge.  They've opened up a service window in the wall behind the bar and it makes the entire space seem larger.  Based on my experience last night, I can't wait to go back and work my way through the entire food and drink menu - it's that good!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/12/2013,73,279,6,8,9>Ohhhhhh baby, this place is good. I've been a few times, but my most recent visit was on a Tuesday to check out the January "Brew Bites" menu. From 3:00pm til close, you can get three 2 ounce pours of selected beers paired with three bite-sized (literally, one bite) snacks for $12.50. The theme was "fish" so the snacks included an oyster, a crostini topped with salmon and a prawn wrapped in something (bacon, maybe? or jalapeno? I can't remember...) All were excellent. The beer pairings were also good, although I'm not sure I understand the milk stout paired with the oyster (a very strange flavor combo, if you ask me!) I ordered the duck confit poutine after the brew bites to satisfy my fat kid cravings - if you like salt, frech fries, and duck confit, this will make your day. It is SO good. Service is excellent, as is the atmosphere. Rock on, Euclid Hall!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,2/11/2013,476,701,6,11,11>How does that happen? You live in a neighborhood for a long ass time and miss things that are right under your nose? Fungu! I went to high school with the brother of the owner? Small friggin' world! Walking in here was like walking into one of the many old neighborhood family Italian joints that were prevalent in Denver's northside in the 60's and 70's even into the 80's. I was just across the parking lot and saw the sign and decided to grab lunch. Man am I glad I did. The lunch 1/2 sandwich with a salad was just the right amount of food and at $6.00 a value. I had a 1/2 of the open faced italian sausage sandwich which has mozz cheese melted over the meat and then a red sauce on top. The salad was iceberg lettuce (as were most of the salads back in the day on the northside) and I could have used more vinegar but that's a personal preference. I'll need to get the family in here for dinner. The low star reviews? I dislike snobs. Especially snobs that think that they are an authority on a cuisine because of where they've been or where they're from. I know people have different opinions but, not much better than the chains? Vaffanculo. Head back to where you can be with people that share your notion of good taste or stick with the chains.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/10/2013,90,221,1,8,7>Stapleton! I never thought I'd be going out here, but Berkshire just might have changed my tune!  I happened to stroll up to this bar on Michigan's bowl game and was delighted to find my fellow Michigander's hoot and hollering up at the bar.  It felt very Midwestern which I highly enjoy.  The drinks are heavy pours and delicious.  Everything - the clientele, the ambiance and the wait staff are all fantastic.  The bartender was sending drinks out as fast as they were coming in, all while being a delight to the drunks at the bar...pretty impressive!  Along with the great drinks was the fantastic food.  As said in previous Yelp reviews the menu is pretty bacon heavy so don't be afraid to indulge!  I went with the BLT and was very happy, I highly recommended this to anyone else who's not sure what to get.  You will be happy!   Go here enjoy the good times!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/9/2013,133,398,,8,6>I adore this spot. My first time here was for a Yelp UYE to meet the CM's baby (so cute!). It looks like a regular coffee shop in the front, but it's all business in the back, with desks, private offices, meeting rooms and general working area that can be rented for those professionals who don't work in an office environment. I thought it was a pretty cool set up.They offer awesome coffee and tea drinks. Lavender-infused simple syrup added to a latte? Yes, please and then I asked for it to be iced. It was strong and delicious. They use ink! coffee here and it's great. They also serve breakfast burritos, pastries and sandwiches. Lots of yummy things. Oh and they do offer a limited beer and wine menu, so it's not all caffeine all the time.The Desk is also open pretty late, so it should meet all of your needs.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/8/2013,287,462,5,6,6>The name is pretty cool. I like places with names that sound like they'd be said in every day conversation, so this place fits the bill.When we were driving here, Husband said "There's no sign. We just have to look for the picture I saw on Yelp." The neighborhood lent itself to a potential stabbin' town, but once we were inside my fears were quelled. Inside, it is like you're hanging out in someone's house (who has a very cool bar in their basement). The music is piped out of a record player, and that was only annoying when the record ended and he had to change it. Plus, I wanted to play with the records but it's not my bar, so that didn't happen.The owner sat and chatted with us for a bit, and he and Husband made friends on some social media networks. He also gave me one of the books off the shelf to peruse. The beer was good, and we brought home a growler of the Proletariat (which I ended up drinking the majority of). I'd be happy to go back.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,2/7/2013,232,372,6,15,7>I'm gonna let you in on a little secret:  Machete has happy hour Monday thru Friday from 11:00 AM to 6:00 PM and you can get $2 tacos, $5 margaritas, and $1 - $2.50 beers.  That means I can get a three taco lunch for $6.  I'm proud of myself for being so frugal because it so rarely happens, especially in Cherry Creek.But a bargain's only a bargain if you get a good value for your money.  I think Machete fits the bill nicely.  The current menu lists 13 different types of tacos.  And the tacos I've tried so far are very tasty.  They are all assembled upon light and flavorful house made corn tortillas.  The tortillas are substantial enough so there's no need for two tortillas.  I like that because it allows me to focus on the goodies inside.  The pollo pibil ahumado (Yucatan smoked chicken), camaron (shrimp), and arrachera (steak) are the tacos I've tried so far.  There are also a few pork choices, a veggie, and some other seafood options.  For the more adventurous types, there is crispy tripe and brain.I guess if you're going to let such yummy tacos go for so cheap, it's understandable to charge for chips and salsa.  The chips are thick and crunchy and accompany four different kinds of salsa ranging from mild to sweet to spicy.  If you are dining with friends, your server will kindly split the cost among the members of your party.Sadly, I haven't had the opportunity to sample an adult beverage here but I've heard good things.  I can tell you that the owners are delightful and the service is friendly and fast.  If the weather is nice, you may want to lounge on the front patio, which has two levels and lots of seats.  Perfect for a weekday lunch!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/6/2013,155,280,11,12,7>What's not to like?Oh yeah, the parking situation. When a place is as good as My Brother's Bar, it gets crowded. And they aren't shy about squeezing everyone together like one big happy dysfunctional family. How close? Hell, I went to grab my car keys out of my pocket, ended up rummaging around in the pockets of the guy next to me. He wouldn't stop smiling at me and I walked off looking for hand sanitizer and admiring my new pocket watch. Yes, it gets crowded, but that's the charm of this place, just like the menu posted on chalk boards, the Bison Burger named Ralphie (which taste like buffalo), that little white plastic box of community condiments that barely fits on your table and pitchers of GCB and local brews.Two hints, don't come here for a business meeting (you'll practically be sitting on each other's lap, it's an HR department's worse nightmare) and (shhhh) park in the REI lot. Just go window shopping for a Camelback or Chapstick and no one will hassle you.Oh, the people are great, tremendous burgers, crazy selection of beers,vegetarian selections and the cornucopia (8 mini corn dogs) as well.   Go on... squeeze yourself in there at Brother's, you'll be glad you did.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,2/5/2013,88,339,2,9,8>I ordered take out lunch today.  The restaurant was almost full with about half of the patrons in military uniform (close to Buckley AFB).  I asked if they had a military discount and I got 10% off my order.I ordered the Seafood and BBQ Combo (Breaded Shrimp, Mahi Mahi, and Shortribs) with 2 scoops of rice and 1 scoop of macaroni salad, Ahi Poke, and an order of Spam Musubi.I waited less than 10 minutes for freshly made Hawaiian food.  The 3 shrimp and mahi mahi filet were breaded in panko.  They were light and crispy served with tartar sauce.  The shortribs were overly seasoned and a little fatty.  The mac salad was good.The little cup of Ahi Poke for $3 on the counter in a tub of ice was good and just enough.  It could have used a little more seasame seed oil.The Spam Musubi was warm and freshly prepared.  The spam was grilled will a litle bit of sweet Hawaiian BBQ sauce.  It was a generous portion for $1.89.I will definitely be back!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,2/4/2013,185,459,6,7,7>I've been back to Sazza a few times since my original sojourn (another word I rarely get to use), and I must say it's becoming a favorite.The pizza is always great, and the selection of drinks is stellar.  On my last visit, we had a couple of bottles of an organic Sam Smiths which was quite the pleasant surprise, and I also had a mojito (or 2, maybe 3... math is hard), and I was very impressed with this, made just right and it really complimented the pizza on a summer night.We also sampled the dessert pizza, which was made with fresh Colorado peaches.  I highly recommend giving this a go!What made my last trip here so great was the fact that the owner was sitting right next to us as we finished our dinner, and we spent a good 30-40 minutes chatting with him.  He is extremely friendly, lots of fun, and obviously takes a great deal of pride in the joint, as well he should!  This kind of interaction really makes for an incredible experience for me.  I can't wait to go back again!Cheers!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,2/3/2013,127,269,4,8,11>If you watch How I Met Your Mother, you know how important it is to have a good bar close to home. This is my MacLaren's.First off, the servers are awesome. The bartenders are cool. They are quick and give the place a really good vibe.They have a decent draft beer selection including rotating seasonals and old standbys. I have never left thirsty. In fact, I have left more often than not with my thirst over quenched (if you know what I mean).It is a bar, so your selections are pretty much standard bar food on the menu. My favorite menu item: fried pickles.Sometimes it is a little louder than I would like (the music, not the people) in the downstairs bar area. They have board games by the front windows, and I have sat there for hours playing Monopoly with my friends.A hidden gem of the area, make sure to check out the roof top bar. You wouldn't even know it is there from the ground floor. You have to venture up the stairs.I'm a fan. I go all the time and will keep going all the time.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,2/2/2013,345,277,2,11,10>Not sure if you can make reservations or not but if you can you will need one.  Thursday and lunch time equals a min of a 30 min wait.  Although I think it was actually less time.  This place is huge and there is still a wait.The service was very nice, attentive without being invasive and the waitress offered us nice suggestions on what to order.  The decor is eye-catching and draws you right in.I went with Lindsey K. (Baroness of Cherry Creek) and she ordered the autumn salad with grilled salmon and it was served with a horseradish vinaigrette.  Best Brussel Sprouts that I've ever had in a restaurant.  I thought that there was going to be a kick to the dressing but it was really nice and subtle.I had an incredibly hard time making a selection but I finally did after about 10 mins.  I had the Mediterranean Salad (with Red Quinoa, kalamata olives, green beans and a bunch of other stuff that is good for you) and a Tomato and Kale pizza.  I would definitely get the salad again and perhaps add chicken breast or salmon to it.  I probably wouldn't get the pizza again.  While it was tasty it was not exactly what I'm looking for in a pizza - I'm assuming that it was too far to the healthy side for me.  When I think of pizza I want oooie and goooie cheesy goodness.  I will definitely be back as there were many other things on the menu that I would love to try.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,2/1/2013,195,191,4,7,6>Yesterday I had a Great Photofacial w/Melanie and I hardly felt a thing.  I had a series done about 5 years ago w/out numbing cream and it wasn't necessarily painful, but it did feel like a constant slap series to my face.  I found out about this place because I had seen it on I think weeklyplus or one of those deals and decided I couldn't pass up this deal or 3 photofacials.  Not to mention when you become a member because you've seen her, you get Great prices!  I'm gonna be tackling my chest next.  I have a lot of beauty marks and freckles I'm trying to get rid of, since I use to be a sun goddess back in the days.  When I did it in the past, it got rid of all of them, but within 5 years I haven't been able to completely avoid the sun.  The procedure was great and so fast, I have my next one in about 3 1/2 weeks.  She's also Very informative in giving skincare advice for my daughter's oily skin.  I have dry and haven't had oily since I left Hawaii's humid weather.  My duaghter is a tween and needs a different regimen.  Melanie wrote down what was needed and I am going to be ordering the products from her.  This office is a little farther than the spa's I go to around my house area, but her work, prices and friendly personality is worth it. Besides, I have all the time in the world till lat Jan, when school starts..lol   You should check out the site as well because she's got some good deals in the specials tab.  Not to mention when someone's is very attractive and gives you advice, I Always take it.  Because in this business, you are the marketing tool just like a personal trainer should have a nice bod right?(rhetorical)
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,1/31/2013,217,97,11,10,10>Ah, another delicious place for me to throw away my money on a meal and a few drinks.  As if I didn't have enough places to burn cash?  This place has style, panache , toasty drinks, and food that makes my mouth very happy.   And when my mouth is happy... nevermind.I have been to the bean a few times at their new location.  The first visit was this summer, after the Denver Post 4 star rating.   Both times I have been seated at the chef's bar.  If you get the chance to sit here, you get to chat with some of the chefs and watch as they prepare some of the cold food items.  On my first visit, they had a summer menu.  The carpaccio was pretty fantastic, but I thoroughly enjoyed their tomato salad.  They prepared different varieties of tomatoes in five different ways, each decadent. I believe the server/owner told us few of the tomatoes were grown in their garden up in LoHi and every bite was better than the last.   BTW, if you have the pleasure of having him serve you, his pompadour is a thing of beauty.   Sitting there, in awe at how pompadourical it was made me feel three shades of less manly.   I guess it is a good thing I have extraordinary manliness.  On my second visit, I nestled up to the chefs bar again.  Both times, I quenched my thirst with some fantastic bourbon creations.  I cannot complain about any of the cocktails I have had, but I must say that smoke-enhanced cocktails might not be my absolute favorite.  The chef was very friendly and explained how each meal was prepared.My favorite small plate was the vitello tonnato, which is veal loin, egg, celery, preserved tuna, avocado, pine nuts and a dash of Holy hell what is this awesomocity in my mouth!?  I got the porchetta, which was a fantastic little pork dish.  My companions got the pho and the "holiday" (think turducken).   Everything was done very well.  The pho's broth was to die for.  I know that some folks may come and find me, beat me down and then tar and feather me... but the broth was better than most or all of those pho places on south federal.   There were no noodles, only veggies. meatballs, beef tongue and tendon, but holy smokes!!! It was quite pleasing to the palette.  The turducken and the porchetta were both great dishes as well. Finally, I will tell you about the desserts.   Most people would take one look at me and say "That dude obviously loves his desserts."  You would be wrong.   I just like my awful beers, awful booze, awful comedies, awful people BUT the fluffer nutter was pretty damn tasty.   Also, it makes me feel tingly inside saying I wants a fluffer nutter.   Might I also add, the cheese cart has a fantastic selection of cheeses for you to eat if you tend to prefer savory foods!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,1/30/2013,174,419,7,16,13>After an almost-two-hour workout, I was too hungry to think.  And I was definitely too hungry to cook.  I was also too broke to go all out for dinner... so Bombay Bowl BOGO to the rescue!Dude and I figured we'd give it a shot; and with the coupon we had why not?  We were greeted immediately upon walking in and, much like Ashley's experience, we were guided through the process and given suggestions on what went well with what.We both selected Rice Bowls.  I got tofu with veggies and chickpeas, topped with the saag sauce and a bit of a spicy one (vindaloo?).  The Dude ordered his with chicken (though I can't remember his sauce).  The girl behind the counter did a nice job of explaining what she liked paired with what we had, and also letting us know what would provide some heat.  Additionally, because I knew I just couldn't wait the drive home without tearing into something, I ordered a samosa with a side of tamarind sauce.With the BOGO and the samosa, total was a little less than $10.  And the regular price of $6.50/bowl (or thereabouts) isn't bad considering I easily made two meals out of it.  While it's certainly not the best Indian food out there (hello Chipotle of India...), what gives BB the extra star is the service.  The employees were super friendly and helpful; that's just not something you see very often at most fast-casual places (despite their Big Wigs requesting it during many-a-staff meeting, I'm sure).It's not exactly located close to anything I tend to on a regular basis, but they're not so far away that they're not worth the trip down.  And when I do happen to be in the area for whatever, I'll know I've got a solid selection just waiting at Bombay Bowl.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,1/29/2013,76,392,4,10,6>After a rousing search of Yelp for a new dinner place, I found Central Bistro had been lightly, but extravagantly reviewed. I'm a sucker for untrampled places. I'm afraid that this place might be overrun with excited customers here pretty soon.It was time for a new place in the Highlands after places like Lola and Linger are becoming a little too trendy and a little too well known. Central is an excellent, and in some ways better, alternative. The dining room and bar are small, but upscale with a mountain lodge kind of feel. So, if you are reading this now, make reservations before you are unable to get in here for two months.The food was EXCELLENT! Probably the best I've had in Denver in the last two years. Duck breast for me, cooked perfectly and paired well with winter veggies and mash. For my beautiful date, the roasted chicken with cooked, whole egg. A nice little combo of before and after. I swear it was the best piece of chicken I've ever tasted. The wine was a bottle of reisling from the Yakima Valley, Washington. I hate snooty food pairings with wine, but this grouping seemed to put a big ol' smile on my face.I am so happy to have found this place. Now I'm just sad that my, and other, reviews will make this secret not so secret for very long.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/28/2013,69,263,4,7,5>The name of this place is a bit deceiving - they're not just vodka anymore, as they have a very decent potato whiskey as well. Also, rumor has it, they're working on a rum (not potato based though).I got the pleasure of sitting around in their tasting room on a slow night, sipping on a variety of their infused vodkas, their traditional vodka (SO good!) and their drinks. A friend who's been there before ordered a Bloody Mary - they really nailed that drink by using a pickle vodka and top-notch ingredients (also, it had a nice burn). I'm still in the holiday mood, so I tried a hot chocolate with the candy cane vodka. My brother tried their pickle-tini, which is essentially pickle juice and pickle infused vodka.Overall, the place is pretty fabulous. Their main vodka is high quality - goes down very smoothly, and has a mild flavor. The drinks are on the pricey side, but their ingredients tend to be top-notch - himalayan salt, really tasty pickles (the hot chocolate wasn't as good, it was made out of a standard mix). We were there on a quiet night, so the bartender spent some time telling us all about their offerings and giving us samples to try. Definitely worth it.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,1/27/2013,137,174,3,9,5>I am still fantasizing about my brunch I had at Zydeco's.  Images of their delicious smoked fontina drop biscuits with their delectable sausage gravy continue to appear in my head on a daily basis.  Zydeco's is a wonderful gem of a restaurant and worth checking out.  It was one of my favorite brunch spots to date.  Zydeco's offers bottomless Bloody Marys, Mimosas, and Hurricanes for $8.00.  I ordered a Bloody Mary and my husband ordered the bottomless Hurricanes.  My Bloody Mary was delicious.  The bartender told me he used shrimp stock in it.  It was a unique recipe but one of my favorite Bloody Marys I have ever had.  It was nice and spicy, just like I like my Bloody Marys.  My husband's Hurricane was delightful and had a nice punch to it.  Needless to say, we were pretty toasty by the end of brunch. The food at Zydeco's was spectacular.  I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy, which is Smoked Fontina Drop Biscuits with Polidori sausage gravy and red potatoes, peppers, and onions.  Good lord, this is what biscuits and gravy should taste like.  This is not your traditional biscuits and gravy at all.  The gravy was delectable. I did everything but lick my plate to savor every drop of delicious flavor. The sausage is made locally and you can taste the difference.  It popped with flavor and was a nice addition to the savory, creamy sauce that was on the biscuits. Now, the biscuits were show-stoppers.  They melted in your mouth.  The smoked fontina flavor was present and oh my, it was heavenly.  The outer rim of the biscuits had a nice crisp where the cheese somewhat caramelized.  Cheese carmelization + divine gravy = ecstasy. The biscuits and gravy were one of my favorite breakfast dishes of all time.  I just can't get it off my mind.  My husband's dish was also incredible.  He ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles.  This was the quintessential Chicken and Waffles.  Look at the picture I added and try not to drool.  This was THE BEST Chicken and Waffles our lucky taste buds ever experienced.  The Chicken and Waffles are topped with honey butter, bacon, and cayenne syrup.  The cayenne syrup was awesome.  The chicken was flavorful, juicy, crispy, and tender.  The seasoning on the chicken was perfect and had the right amount of spice to give it a scrumptious flavor.  The bacon was also spectacular.  One bite of waffle, chicken, and bacon with honey butter and cayenne syrup was enough to make your head fall back in pure ecstasy.  It was that good.  The flavors combined wonderfully.  It was delicious.  The dishes at Zydeco's are innovative, cajun dishes that are made with fresh, local ingredients. Everything we had was spectacular.  The restaurant is also very cute with a friendly, helpful staff.  We are eager to return and try their dinner menu.  I will be sure to write a review update when I do. Please visit this delicious restaurant.  Zydeco's is too good to pass up.  Check out my pictures if you need more convincing.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/26/2013,452,518,2,10,9>Pretty darn yummy, ya'all. We had the pastelitos with guava and cheese and also the guava and cheese empanadas. They were both tasty, though the pastelitos were far FAR better (I think they should pull the empanadas when they know they are getting old/stale). The yuca fries are downright awesome. Different and filling and tasty. The el Cubano sandwich is delicious!  Pressed, toasted and full of yumminess. The pan con lechon in comparison, however, was not very good at all, at least to my way of tasting. My husband liked the garlic and onions on the pan con lechon sandwich, but I found the taste off putting and unappetizing. If I go back -- AND I WILL -- I'll be getting the el Cubano, most definitely, or perhaps I'll try one of their entrees. This place is SMALL. Really SMALL. So don't go there expecting to get a seat; if you do, you're lucky. Just go there expecting good food, and you will not be disappointed.  The owners all seem like family --- and they are truly terrific. Happy, smiling, accommodating and kind. What a joyful place!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/25/2013,560,980,5,13,8>If you don't like the food here, I would be surprised.  If you don't like the decor, you obviously walked in wearing blinders.  The theme here is "rock and roll" and it is definitely over the top.  I personally thought it was an amazing sensory overload. The furnishings, the music, the experience . . . very rocking.  The signature pizzas on the menu are mostly named after famous rock and roll songs.  Such as, "Bad to the Bone, Bang A Gong, Bat Outta Hell, California Dreamin, Can't Stop Rockin'".  If you order a medium or large, you can go 1/2 & 1/2 on your selection.  On my visit, I went 1/2" Crazy Train", (Pepperoni, hot Italian sausage, peppered bacon, caramelized onions, garlic, oregano and hot cherry peppers) and 1/2 "Stairway To Heaven" (garlic butter brushed dough, topped with fresh mozzarella, fresh baby arugula, diced tomatoes, prosciutto, parmesan cheese , a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil.)  I really enjoyed the Crazy Train.  The meat was of good quality and the veggies brought solid flavor and a little heat.  The Stairway was, in my opinion, good, but not great.  I would put it on a par with Marco's Coal Fired, but below Via Baci or Osteria Marco's version of this pie. One small complaint.  My pizza seemed just a tad under-cooked when it first arrived.  They did, however, cheerfully pop it back in the oven for me.  The crust here is very chewy, which I enjoyed. I had a beer with my pizza.  It was not happy hour, so it cost just under $5.  It was a good quality brew, but could have been a little colder.  A frosty glass would have also been appreciated.  Service here is friendly and excellent.The menu has salads, burgers, apps, wings etc., but, seriously.  Why come here if not for the pizza?  The prices seemed a little higher than I might have expected, but the quality of ingredients was very good.  Parker is lucky to have this new pizza place, and I will definitely be back.12/7/12 Addendum Part 1:  I went back for lunch (new specials) and tried the all you can eat soup and salad.  The tomato bisque was mighty fine, with solid flavor.  The clam chowder was a considerably thicker and a tad fishier than I prefer.  The Caesar salad was outstanding.  It was a generous serving, with tons of flavor.  It had lots of cheese and croutons.  It was slightly overdressed, but the dressing was pungent and delicious.  This salad was served with a very chewy roll (made from pizza dough, I presume) that I thought was enjoyable.Part 2:  And we came back for happy hour on the same day . . . Beers were $3 for microbrews (tasty, but they REALLY need to figure out a way to chill the glasses or turn the thermostat down on the beer cooler . . . I need my beer very cold) I have to give our waitress credit, she did try to make it colder for me.  Our waitress, Missy, was awesome.  This was the same helpful, attractive, young lady who popped my pizza back in the oven for me on a previous visit.   Along with the beers, I had a Lime-Light (Rush themed dontchaknow).  It was a tasty lime margarita served in a child's sand pail (complete with shovel).  It would have knocked me on my @$$, had I not already been sitting on it.  It was very potent, and a lot of booze for around $8.  We sampled the chipotle dry rubbed wings (a bit flabby and bland for my taste, but others seemed to like them), the rock chips (a nice spicy house made chip with ranch and honey mustard), and some mozzarella bread (kind of basic).  For dessert, we had the warm chocolate chip cookie (dough) in a skillet with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce.  It may have been the beer and tequila talking, but this was nummers to the nth degree.  We got here at 4pm, and the bar was packed by 5:30 pm.  The restaurant was packed as well by 6pm on a Friday.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,1/24/2013,267,467,9,12,10>OK - let's get this out of the way.  The place is a dive in a parking deprived strip mall on South Federal and the further back you get in the restaurant the scarier it gets.  God help you if you have to use the bathroom.  They don't bother to heat anything past the kitchen - we're talking major shrinkage guys.On the other hand the food is amazing.  Best Vietnamese egg-rolls in town bar none.  Totally crispy and not greasy at all - major plate of every imaginable veggie accompaniment that you could desire.  Honestly, they would have been sufficient for lunch for the two of us.  But, oh no, we had to try the A15 - make your own spring roll platter with shrimp paste, more eggrolls, soft shelled crab, marinated grilled beef and pork plus another farm full of veggies.  Could easily feed four and a lot got boxed for dinner or lunch tomorrow.  Total was $34 - very reasonable.  I'm looking forward to exploring the menu more soon - some interesting and more exotic offerings.  Goat Hot Pot anyone?Service by a little slip of a waiter - maybe 16 but I doubt it - was OK.  Re-filled my water once but skipped my lady friend's.  My biggest criticism of him is that after we had ordered he asked "Have you ever had the A15 before?"  We said no and he said "Well it's huge".  To which we responded, " Maybe we should cancel the egg-roll appetizer then."  His response was "Too late".  Why bring it up then?Food was great though, prices reasonable compared to say New Saigon - we'll definitely go back.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/23/2013,110,123,25,27,20>So you went bowling with a group of friends and got sticker shock, because you didn't bother to check PBS' website or call ahead of time to find out how much it costs? That's on you as an uninformed consumer. If you demand cheap bowling and drinks, there are plenty of rundown alleys in shady places around town to choose from.The owners of PBS spent millions in renovations and design to bring a much needed iconic hotspot to a rapidly growing neighborhood that took almost 3 years to painstakingly plan, build and launch. You think they were going to just give it away for free?As for me, I don't mind paying extra for nice things sometimes, which includes security and an upscale, yet entertaining place to have fun with other like-minded people who also don't mind coughing up a little extra to avoid the riff-raff crowd, so they too can enjoy the same things.If I'm in the mood to hang out at a dive bar on Broadway--which I often am--I'll go to a dive bar on Broadway. I don't go to Shanahan's expecting Lone Star or vice versa. Know your surroundings. It's common sense, people.If you felt that service was a legitimate issue, why didn't you bring it up to a manager then and there instead of waiting to recount it now in a diatribe without any context to the situation? So it's always a rude server (who's usually 100% sober) and not the fault of your group (that was most likely drinking and slightly obnoxious) in any way?To all the people who complain about the volume of the music, how old are you? It's South Broadway, not Cherry Creek, Ms. Daisy.Sorry, I try to not dog on other reviewers, but there's a big difference between being critical of an establishment and just plain whining.  Personally, I went to PBS for the first time last Saturday night, had a great time, and am looking forward to returning with a different group of friends.My only real disappointment was that the video game selection upstairs kinda stinks and could be a lot better, but then again maybe that's what Dave & Buster's or 1UP is for.And to those who claim that PBS has turned hipster Baker into hey-bro Lodo overnight, well to quote Brian Regan...That's just the epi-tome of hyper-bole.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,1/22/2013,82,171,8,9,8>I honestly can't think of anything more exciting or nerve wracking than buying a wedding dress... On the recommendation of several friends, I made an appointment at LWD. I showed up nervous and alone... not sure if my friends would remember to come. I brought a bottle of champagne and the staff greeted me kindly and went to prepare my champagne. They brought it to our area with glasses and on ice. Then my friend showed up and I could relax. We had the BEST time!!!!Christine was a perfect fit for me as a bridal stylist. She put me at ease and really listened. We talked through the details of my wedding and my 'vision' for my dress. I had my binder at the ready and she put me at ease... Christine knew just what she wanted to put me in. We pulled a few dresses and while they were gorgeous, they weren't 'IT.'And then... we put on the dress Christine pulled... a stunning Justin Alexander with a high neck... just what I was looking for. We stood in the dressing room... she clamped me in... and we walked out... my jaw hit the floor when I looked in the mirror. Christine ran and grabbed a veil...OH SH*T! Yup. That's what I said when I found my wedding dress... a first for the bridal consultant. She knew. She knew the perfect dress for me. We talked through accessories and made an appointment to come back on Tuesday for measurements... if I went with the dress and then for the next Sunday for a trunk show for veils. She took care of my so well... I felt like I was just shopping with another friend.I went to another bridal shop afterwards... the dresses were too expensive and the consultant was less than helpful... I went back Tuesday and bought the dress! It was everything I wanted and UNDER budget! Not only that but Christine took time during the trunk show to work with the veil designer and me to craft a look. I really appreciated everything!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/21/2013,306,1103,6,9,7>Walking past this place, I've always seen such long lines during lunch which have always deterred me from stopping in. But then I won a $25 gift card to Mod Market and decided to take my chance by going at night and I must have the golden touch because this place is near empty compared to what it's like at lunch.  And what do you know? It's fabulous!A bit pricey for my blood but if you're looking to eat healthy and have some extra bills sitting around, this place is for you. Love that they have a variety of items ranging from organic to gluten free to vegetarian and in the end, I went with the fall cobb salad and goat pizza combo. I don't know why they don't have publish the price on the menu though, which is a tad annoying since I'm a girl on a budget. It turned out to be about $12 for the combo which isn't horrible but again, I would have liked to have known beforehand how much it was costing me. Then I was surprised by the $2 wine they offer--you can't get $2 wine anywhere! But the best surprise of all was seeing the receipt--they print out all the items along with nutritional content of everything. I have never seen that before and thought it was one of the coolest things ever!We sat down and were soon buzzed to go pick up our food. You get it on an old school metal tray then feast your heart out. The fall cobb dressing was comparable to Outback's Caesar dressing and love that they added it on (my boo didn't like his salad being doused in salad dressing though, you say tomato, I say tomaaahto). The pizza was thin, crispy and loaded with goat cheese which made my goat cheese loving self smile. Add that along with the funky yet simple wood and metal décor that is dare I say, mod, and friendly staff and this place is a winner......as long as I keep getting bonuses at work that is.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,1/19/2013,142,356,6,7,6>This is probably the first time I have rushed to do a review of a business.   Carbone's has been a much anticipated experience.  After reading reviews and having not eaten at all today I jumped in my car and picked up my buddy, coincidentally his nickname is Cannoli, and made my way over to this Mecca of sandwich shops.  Upon arrival the parking lot was full, this is also due to the fact that Chubby's the famous and notorious (dysentery diner) Mexican restaurant sits attached.   After parking down the street we walked into Carbone's to find a strange queue shaped like an awkward circle.  Bear in mind there is no seating.  It is all take out for sandwiches and Italian deli products.  Rosa, made famous at least in my mind by prior reviews, bustled behind the counter busy as a bee.  Each order took a few minutes since each slice of meat and cheese is sliced on demand.  This made the line a bit slow.  My friend was impatient and wanted to go to Chubby's.  I told him I would one day go back with him to Chubby's if he would bear with me in line (a blatant lie, remember Chubby's = dysentery).  Anyway, Experiencing this crazy little store and the bustling behind the counter as we ordered our #2's and were hustled on out the door as if popped out of the final bit of a conveyor belt ride proved well worth it.  Since there was no seating getting home to open up this sandwich was kind of like Charlie wanting to open his chocolate bar to see if there is a golden ticket (over romanticized description, but close).  All I can say is that I now realize I must visit this place as often as possible before Rosa retires, and bring people with me.   Ever bite was tasty and full of freshness (full of freshness?).  I could tell that each ingredient had thought: meats bold and not greasy, also not overpowering with the old Italian inch of meat and a millimeter of cheese, the cheese again in the right proportion, sweet tomatoes with a drizzle rather than a handfull of lettuce, then finally the bread!  Soft on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside sending a "just made" message to my mouth.I'm stopping now as that was the worlds longest grammatically incorrect paragraph.Go!Daver.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,1/18/2013,175,855,4,8,5>This seems to be the Pho to go to in Tech Center/Park Meadows area.  It was my first time here and I must say it is the kind of place that you need to go with someone who has been again.  You need to wait to be seated, but they don't really have a sign that indicates that so just wait up front and someone will get you.  They really don't ask if you want anything to drink and just bring water  (which is generally all I drink), however, I am sure you could say want something different, but they just are more about getting you in and out.  It isn't much to look at as far as decor, but they do have lots of tables and believe me they need them  with volume of people that come for lunch.  I have only had the P1 Meatballs, medium (think it is Pho Bo Bien).  The broth is what makes a Pho and this one is deep and rich.  I love the whole Pho experience of adding basil, sprouts, a bit of lime and jalapeno. I over did the sriacha a bit, but that is OK it just clears the sinuses.  Medium is a really large portion (think mixing bowl). So for lunch you might want to go small, but it is all veggies and broth so I usually go for it.  It is healthy right ;) To pay you just go to the counter and tell them your table and if you want to split the ticket just tell them what you ordered and they will ring you up separately. The food tastes fresh and they get you in and out.  Not much to say about ambiance and service, but the food is great and that is why you go!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/17/2013,288,412,,10,9>My long awaited first visit to Marczyk was awesome. I really like this store and all stores like it. I'm not sure what took me so long to visit, but I'm glad I finally did.  This place has just enough of everything to make it a delight to shop here. Fresh veggies, meats, cheeses, dry goods, snacks and drinks. They even make sandwiches at the deli counter. So whether you're stopping in to pick up a few items for a recipe or doing your entire shopping here, they can accommodate most anything. I honestly would choose other places over Marczyk to do major grocery shopping, but they definitely have some specialty items that most general grocery stores don't have like rendered duck fat.The staff was friendly and helpful, but only if you approached them. They weren't going out of their way to see if you needed anything. And when I mentioned it being our first time here to the check-out guy it seemed like he threw me a little attitude. All in all, I really like this store and I wish there was one closer to my house because I'd like to be able to visit more often. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,1/16/2013,131,377,3,10,12>I love eating at Sam's #3 for breakfast. The food has always been delicious and the service spot on. During my last visit there the waitress suggested that my friend have one of their early bird specials versus what he was ordering because it was basically the same thing but cheaper. Coffee cups never run dry, and neither do the water glasses.I usually get the Mexican breakfast, which involves their delicious chorizo, eggs, jalapenos, tomatoes, and cheese scrambled together. You also get beans, tortillas, and some of their delicious pork green chili. It's a lot of food - perfect the morning after a late night. I also love their chili rellenos, and their biscuits and gravy are darn good too. Last time in I had their pumpkin pancakes as a side to the rellenos. It was a taste explosion. Frankly, I can't imagine any of their breakfast items being less than stellar. The menu is huge, giving you plenty of options.This is the second location of Sam's, but you get everything that the original downtown location offers. Plus there's a lot more room at this location. It still has some counter seating, which is first-come, first-serve, making it great for one or two people to come in and out quickly. If you had a late night, want a lazy Sunday breakfast, or have an early morning flight at DIA, stop into Sam's #3 for a tasty start to your day.Oh, and don't forget to save your receipts! They net you $2 off of a $10 tab the next time in.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,2/2/2013,345,277,2,11,10>Not sure if you can make reservations or not but if you can you will need one.  Thursday and lunch time equals a min of a 30 min wait.  Although I think it was actually less time.  This place is huge and there is still a wait.The service was very nice, attentive without being invasive and the waitress offered us nice suggestions on what to order.  The decor is eye-catching and draws you right in.I went with Lindsey K. (Baroness of Cherry Creek) and she ordered the autumn salad with grilled salmon and it was served with a horseradish vinaigrette.  Best Brussel Sprouts that I've ever had in a restaurant.  I thought that there was going to be a kick to the dressing but it was really nice and subtle.I had an incredibly hard time making a selection but I finally did after about 10 mins.  I had the Mediterranean Salad (with Red Quinoa, kalamata olives, green beans and a bunch of other stuff that is good for you) and a Tomato and Kale pizza.  I would definitely get the salad again and perhaps add chicken breast or salmon to it.  I probably wouldn't get the pizza again.  While it was tasty it was not exactly what I'm looking for in a pizza - I'm assuming that it was too far to the healthy side for me.  When I think of pizza I want oooie and goooie cheesy goodness.  I will definitely be back as there were many other things on the menu that I would love to try.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/14/2013,188,277,11,8,8>Some places should never change. The Squire Lounge is such a place. It's great the way it is in all its scuzzy glory. Sure the bathroom doesn't have a door and is usually stained with indescribable liquids. And the clientele ranges from drunks to hobos to drunk hobos. But that's why I love it. It's the epitome of Colfax. It's a reminder that for every organic pizza parlor and fancy Belgian brewery, there is a place like Squire Lounge. Here's an insider tip: The Squire Lounge has some of the best shows on Colfax outside of the Bluebird or Ogden. Hilarious heckle fights between comedians and drunk Hispanic women, Hobos fighting over cigarettes, hipsters also fighting over cigarettes. In short, for the price of a PBR tall-boy, you get a unique Colfax experience.I hope it never changes.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,1/13/2013,54,119,2,6,5>Hells yeah I love this place!  I've been for lunch and dinner and am already planning my next outing.  The margaritas are delicious.  The only problem is they go down too quickly.  They don't use a pre-made sour mix which is what makes the marg. Freshly squeezed lime juice, even the pulp got stock in my straw. That's okay though, I didn't mind...I just gulped it down without the straw.  I ordered the carnitas platter which was so tender and flavorful.  It came with beans and tortillas..the corn tortillas are made there and you can definitely tell.  What I loved about my platter is that it wasn't loaded with cheese and sauce. It was simple and the pork was tender and full of flavor. The salsa they serve has a little kick to it but not overly spicy.  I was also able to try the Tacos Albanil. Now, while the ingredients sound a little nontraditional in a taco, believe me when I say it was anything but. Strips of steak, fried potatoes and jalapeno...that's right, so good.  My other friend ordered the Bistek a la Mexicana. Now, while I would not choose to order a steak smothered in sauce I'm glad she did because it was worth trying. The flavors were so good, just not my cup of tea.  This is a truly authentic restaurant in the heart of the Highlands.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,1/12/2013,152,243,,9,7>We had our after-wedding-brunch here and they did a fantastic job. We weren't quite sure how many people would end up showing up, so we gave a rough count of 30. Obviously I didn't want my mom paying $35 a head for brunch, so we opted to do a more limited brunch instead which didn't include the crab legs, shrimp, champagne and desserts (which looked amazing)-- but had pretty much everything else like sausage and bacon and omelettes. Since we had such a large party, they worked with us on the price per person which was very gracious.We had about 40 (or was it 50?) people show up between 9-11am. Some coming and going, some staying the whole time, some eating and running. The staff at Jill's did a great job of managing the bill AND the tables and keeping tabs on who was in our party. The coffee refills were plentiful and they were courteous the whole time. We are definitely going to visit Jill's for their full Sunday brunch, maybe as an anniversary tradition.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,1/11/2013,226,414,5,5,7>Wow! Totally loved this place! I kind of want to go 5 stars. Sometimes methinks I be a bit too stingy with the star love.Anyhoos, regardless, it was a total hit for me and my dining friends- as far as I could tell anyway, I was too busy with my face in my plate, licking up any remnant I could find.We started with some cocktails. Hello- Ring of Fire! Love you! Spicy little mynx of a cocktail. Yum. Hubs had the Mai Tai- no idea why- it was way too sweet. For  food we started with the spring roll and shishito peppers. Both were great. I wasn't a huge fan of the dipping sauce for the spring roll- it was a bit too sweet for me- but others at the table did enjoy it. The peppers were so smoky from the grill- so yummy! Onto dinner...with a vegetarian and a gluten free eater at the table (which Phat Thai flawlessly caters to), we opted not to share our entrees! Everyone loved their dinner...but I am pretty sure mine was the best of all, seriously. RED CURRY WITH LAMB. GET IT. You won't be disappointed. It is so unbelievably delicious; I talked about it the entire way home. I dreamt of it at night. Wishing I had been a little less of a piggy and saved some for lunch the next day. But no...it was gone. Everything was gone. We all licked our plates.Ok, so the others had...the Tofu Dumplings, Malay Fish Fry, and the XO Short Ribs. And an order of coconut rice. Y.U.M. No leftover, no empty bellies, no complaints. Great service. Great cocktails. Fun vibe. Delicious food. Phat Thai is fabulous package of goodness!Oh and since others have mentioned happy hour but there is nothing on their website, it's from 4-7 in the bar. Sadly, we were too late to enjoy it but it does look like it's a good one!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/10/2013,194,576,1,15,13>What a lovely treat this shop is!Since I was in the area, I decided I'd stop by Leaf and Crumb and get a cupcake for B and I to split while passing out candy to trick-or-treaters last night. I came in around 2:15, unaware that they close at 3pm. Despite being the end of their day they still had three cupcake flavors left, a few scones and Halloween cookies. Jennifer who is the owner,  described each of the cupcakes to me. Tempted by all three, I ended up buying two: The Pumpkin Chai Cupcake with a cream cheese frosting and caramel drizzle and a Mocha Cupcake that had a Peanut Butter frosting.B and I agreed that both cupcakes were fabulous! The Mocha Cupcake was a light cocoa flavor and the Peanut Butter frosting was more like a mousse, not over powering, just the right compliment. The standout  for me though was the Pumpkin Chai Cupcake! Honestly, I had a hard time sharing. The mixture of pumpkin cake and chai tea (from Atlas Purveyors in Boulder) made for the best pumpkin cake I've ever had, the cream cheese frosting was again, light and not over powering and the caramel drizzle? Well it was the icing on the icing on the cake! I highly recommend you get yourselves over there soon to sample this one out Yelpers, as she told me it will be a seasonal flavor.Additionally, the seated area is a nice space to meet up with a friend or two, enjoy a tea and confection and catch up.Bakeries and cupcake shops have become a dime a baker's dozen in Denver and  need to stand out if they are going to open at this point. Leaf and Crumb certainly does this and I will definitely be back!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,1/9/2013,702,888,4,19,12>Just a friendly reminder to Yelpers to get an annual skin cancer check! I had a mole/freckle on my stomach double in size from my last appointment, and I haven't been in a swimsuit in the sun in over two, probably three years (jeez, I need a vacation!). The removal was as quick and near painless as always (my previous removals have never scarred either), and the peace of mind is priceless. Don't put it off. These preventative visits are free with most insurance carriers. This office is a just a short walk from the end of the free mall ride from downtown.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,1/8/2013,639,447,8,12,12>One of nature's cruelest jokes was to give me a slight allergy to hops. It sucks. It means that pale ale is usually about as crazy as I can go with hops levels, meaning no IPAs for this girl.Given the current en vogue nature of IPAs in today's craft beer scene, this sometimes make me feel a little sad at breweries when I can't try and enjoy everything they make. Sad Kelly was sad. Then, along came Prost. And my heart soared with the eagles upon seeing that the ONLY IPA they had on tap was a guest beer and everything else where types of beer that I love, including a few that I had never tried to pronounce, let alone taste.Definitely get a sample flight the first time you go and be sure to save room for at least one beer after because you're going to want a second helping of at least one of their beers. I, myself, had a second helping of their Dunkel that was surprisingly light and crisp, despite its dark color. I also want to get back and try some of their Batch 1 before it's gone. It was their first attempt at a Dunkel, but they made some mistake in the process, which turned into the most delicious mistake I've ever tried and I hope they keep making it.This place feels very much like a German beer hall and I would say this place is great for large groups because of the long picnic tables around the place. Plus, there's a giant booth in the corner for a more "intimate" feel. I believe I've found my new favorite brewery in Denver.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/7/2013,263,617,8,18,12>Edge has one of the best high end business lunch deals in Denver, and nobody's giving them the credit for it that they deserve.For $18 you can get what they call a "Business Quickie" (Yes, I know it's a marketing approach as subtle as a plumber making a house-call in a porno flick . . .). But what they offer is great:  You get an enormous amount of wonderfully prepared and excellent tasting food: My "Quickie" consisted of a cup of soup (today it was cream of squash with cinnamon swirl); their incredibly good chicken salad; then your choice of either teriyaki glazed salmon or a kobe slider (cooked to order); and finally, a Texas-sized chocolate brownie with freshly whipped cream. This great food was accompanied by excellent service, nice front-of-the-house folks, and a chi-chi atmosphere.All in all, it couldn't have been better, so if you're wondering about a spot for a very upscale business lunch, here's one great answer to your question.(P.S. I understand that dinner here can be a dangerously expensive affair. Caveat emptor!:)
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,1/6/2013,188,261,5,7,8>I dig it a lot! 4.5 stars! Insane improvement over Monkey bleh!Great location, not nearly as trendy/crowded as the 1up. Perfect for a bar hop and meeting place. The girls bathroom could use a little work and not all the games work all the time, but what can you expect? 3 guys for every girl, that is what. But, they are arcade colfax types, so know what you are getting yourself into. It sandwiches Kitty's w/ sanchos - so there are lots of interesting smokers to welcome you and bid you farewell which provides some excellent colfax flavor.I dig the numerous places to park you beer, there are only two tables in here and yet there are lil shelves a plenty for your PBR tall boy. They also have good shot specials and a decent happy hour til 7. They have some tasty local brews on tap and a couple a tv's for good measure.  I wonder what the 3up will bring....
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/5/2013,158,145,5,7,5>Ok, so this pizza is pretty dang good.  I lived in NYC for a while and nothing will ever top some of the slices I had there, but this place definitely did a valiant job trying to fulfill a craving that me and my dining buddies were having.Got there around 7 on a Saturday. Bit of a wait, quoted about 20 mins, but were sat in about 15. However, the older woman working as a hostess snapped at us for not listening for our name. Meh. Just get me some pizza.We started with the garlic knots. Amazing. They were so good that we had to get another whole order for the three of us. And by the time the pizza arrived, they were all gone.  The red sauce that they serve with them is tasty, tasty!  We got a pizza, half cheese, half pep and jalapeño. They don't skimp ya on the jalapeño and I definitely felt it later on in the evening. But it burns so good. :)We had a few slices leftover and *someone* forgot to grab them. Total bummer.Pretty reasonable for a few beers each, two orders of knots and a pizza. I'll be back for sure and my dining buddies, who live a whole lot closer, were talking about how they probably won't be able to get pizza from anywhere else from here on out.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/4/2013,197,231,8,12,12>What the hell is going on here?  I've been going to Elitch Lanes as a league bowler on and off for like 6 years.  And I take my wife here every valentine's day so she can smoke me at a match and take home the trophy (I don't throw the match, she's just good).  AND I HAVEN'T reviewed this place yet?  Holy crap.Elitch lanes is the quintessential bowling alley.  They have good deep fried bar food  (see chicken fingers) on the cheap, which is a plus.  They also have a reasonably modern electronic scoring system with some of the most bizarre graphics on strikes and spares I've ever seen (see kid with his head in a bucket).  They also have a jukebox that plays ELO's "Showdown", which for anyone who's seen KingPin starring Woody Harrleson and the legend that is Bill Murray will know is a must.But, really for me, the staff is one of the keys here.  I bowled in league here for like 3 3-4 years and then moved to California for a few years.  When I came back, Tiffany and I went and bowled a round.  While I was ordering a beer, the bartender said "hey Nick!  long time no see..."  Now that's awesome service if you ask me.   Anyway, I'm just impressed by their memories.So hey, if you want to really have a nice authentic bowling time, complete with a pitcher of beer and a nice deep fried snack, you need to go here.  Pronto.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,1/3/2013,190,322,9,10,7>I ended up at Hana Matsuri because it was close to my parent's house and we had family in town staying with them. I'm not sure how or why they chose this place since the majority of our party had never had sushi and most of them were already convinced that they hated it. My mother though, never lacking faith in here first born baby, said "Jason eats sushi all the time! He'll pick us out something good!" I had my work cut out for me.I mostly tried to stick with cooked rolls. At least that's what I told them. Much to their surprise they were eating lots of delicious raw tuna. All of HM's "premium rolls" were fantastic. Very inventive and tasty combinations of fish, sauce and tempura. All of the sushi was super-fresh. We came  during Happy Hour and got to enjoy $2 drafts of Samurai and Kirin. Score!Also: Shout-out to our waitress Danielle who was attentive, funny and VERY patient with our sushi rookies.I have a regular sushi spot, but I might have a flirty rendezvous with Hana from time-to-time.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,1/2/2013,17,241,10,8,5>I heart H Mart. This grocery store carries every Asian product under the sun. Every time I come here, I feel like I've died and gone to Asian Food Heaven. My sensations are overloaded, and I get overwhelmed by all the awesome food they have here. Plus, this place actually carries so many items I grew up eating while living in rural Thailand as a child.....including filefish and snails. Yes, SNAILS. Snails are the bomb. At $4.99 per/lb, I certainly gobble up. The only other place I know of that carries snails is a store in Tampa, FL, and that's only on special occasion. Having slugs at my fingertips whenever I want is invaluable. I cannot stress this enough. Think that's gross? Good. That equals more for me. Gobble, gobble. Why not 5 stars? They could take it up a notch in the cleanliness department. Some aisles are in disarray. It overwhelms my already overwhelmed senses. Also, the employees here are not very helpful when you are clearly visibly perplexed about something. You have to literally tap them on the shoulder to get them to assist you even though it's quite clear you have a question. That's typical for an Asian establishment though.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/1/2013,174,249,5,9,8>WOW thanks Yelp for another fantastic recommendation!We checked out Cody's Café on Friday when trying to decide on a place for dinner instead of cooking. I had heard great things about this place and am glad we checked it out. Cody's Café is located on the north side of Iliff tucked away in a little strip mall. Don't let looks deceive you, as this was a pretty good find.The menu is kind-of an Italian-Asian fusion, yet super delicious. When I checked in on Yelp, I was surprised to find out that with an entrée purchase, you get a free appetizer. Our server recommended the crab cakes wrapped around sugar cane, which were ballin'! They were the perfect size and cooked to perfection. I had never had a crab cake that was prepared this way, however, the sugar cane and sauce they added made it very unique and flavorful.For dinner, I had the chicken parmesean while my partner ordered some lemongrass mushroom pasta that was by far way better than my own. I can't complain on my decision, the chicken parm was pretty standard and tasty. The lemongrass sausage pasta was by far crazy delicious. The flavor combinations meld together into a savory, mouth watering plate of awesomeness. If you are on this side of town, Cody's Café is definitely worth a stop.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,12/31/2012,149,501,,12,2>I'll admit that I was a little skeptical to try this place. I was thinking it would be like another smoothie place (JJ). Boy, was I wrong! Shelbi went over how the system works, since I was a first time customer. There are three parts to the membership. The membership is what they call the 3 step process. First, she poured a sample of an aloe-infused water, which I thought was pretty good. It had a sweet taste to it, and it wasn't what I was expecting. Then there was a choice of teas, and I took raspberry. I didn't like it because I am not a fan of unsweetened teas, so next time I'll add the aloe water to sweeten it up a bit. The last part, the smoothie, was pretty darn good. I'm not very familiar with the Herbal Life line, but from what I understood, it's a meal replacement shake where they use a protein powder to supplement it. Then my cool lemon (#6) was flavored with lemon pudding. It was pretty darn tasty and only 190 calories. She mentioned something about doing health profiles, but I admit I was a little distracted by my daughter. My daughter loved all three drinks too. For $6, the membership (aloe water, tea, and smoothie) is a good deal. I will definitely come back. My only suggestion is to put up a lighted "open" sign to make it easier to see that they are available to make delicious smoothies. Yum.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/30/2012,78,262,4,6,6>Being some of the many many many beer aficionados that got locked out of The Great American Beer Festival this year, my posse and I decided to throw our own GreatER American Beer Festival. The plan was that everyone would buy $65 (aka the price for entry into the real festival) worth of crazy cool, delicious beer and party our butts off. My initial intention was to stop at actual breweries and pick up bombers and/or growlers, but being the procrastinator that I am, that didn't happen. To Argonaut I go! I was completely pleased with the selection of bombers they had at the store. I was able to find all of the beers that I had planned on finding (Grasshopp-ah cider being the most important one!) and some that I didn't know I wanted. This has always been my go-to liquor store, but this event really secured Argonaut's place in my heart. And to top it off, I got to use the 10% coupon for checking in with my Yelp app. Hell to the yes!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,12/29/2012,320,975,4,5,4>More like a 3.5 stars for AXIOS Estiatorio based on a BRUNCH/LUNCH Review.Time : 11:30hrs ish.The establishment was kept clean and for a SUNDAY Brunch/Lunch at that time, this establishment seems to be slightly empty.  Is this a GOOD Sign or a BAD Sign?  Hmm...Made a reservation for a couple of my foodie friends on SUNDAY August 12th 2012.  When I first arrived at this Establishment, thankfully our table is ready for our group.  Their Brunch/Lunch Menu looks simple though I so wish they could "expand" slightly to include the Lamb Shank, which I was craving from AXIOS Estiatorio.But, the GYRO was calling my name...  CHOOSE ME!  CHOOSE ME!  EAT ME!  EAT ME!  Hence, I opt for Gyro ($9.00).  The service was A-OKAY, though I so wish they could provide a "faster" service for our food to be ready for the group.First order arrived at our table at 12:05hrs and the last order arrived at our table at 12:55hrs.  I like my order of Gyro.  The sliced meat are juicy and are flavorful with correct amount of spices.  But I dont really fancy the "wedge" potatoes that comes with my order of Gyro.  The "wedge" potatoes are slightly Greasy for my taste bud.From the looks of the options that my foodie friends opt for, everything looks delicious.  Portions are generous, prices were reasonable for a Brunch/Lunch menu.  These were some of the items that my friends order that morning from AXIOS Estiatorio :*  Feta & Olive ($7.00)*  Roasted Beet and Spinach Salad ($6.00)*  Spanakopita ($8.00)*  Kolokithikeftedes ($8.00)*  Chicken Kebab Pita ($9.00)*  Lamb Burger ($12.00)*  Almond Olive Oil Cake ($6.00)Just take note, make sure you remember what you order and the price allocated coz from one of my friends feedback, they might "overcharged" you if you did not notice and AXIOS Estiatorio server did not informed her until she looked back at the Menu.From the receipt that I keep, if I am not mistaken, the name of our Server that morning/afternoon is Erin.  One good thing about this establishment is that AXIOS Estiatorio allows SEPARATE CHECKS for our group.  That is indeed good in my books.  But they took a little longer to settle our check.  Left this establishment at 13:25hrs.I might return to AXIOS Estiatorio when needed.@115/2012
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/28/2012,134,373,6,14,10>A funny thing happened to me while walking down the street one day.  Literally, I looked down and found a diamond.  Assuming that it might be real, I held on to it for a couple of years.  Turns out, I recently needed a diamond for a ring to give the Beautiful Ms. D.  Yes, yes, yes, THAT kind of a ring.  Congratulations to me and sympathies to her.  I have heard it all.  May I continue the review now?In need of an appraisal and a setting of the diamond, I saw the earlier reviews for Jay Feder, and I remembered that I used to have a coworker who swore by Jay Feder.  In I walked and met with Avi.I could not be any more pleased with Jay Feder.  Looking at their prices, I know that even if I had not been lucky enough to have found a diamond, I would have been able to afford one (though smaller).  Having the most expensive part of a ring already, I expected to get short shrift.  Nothing could be farther from the truth.  Avi treated me like an important customer, and took care to meet my timeline as well.I would highly recommend Avi at Jay Feder, and I will be working with him again in the future.  I believe that I now have a friend in the diamond business.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,12/27/2012,27,196,,5,4>This is a cute little South America cafe/bistro located on the west side at the diagonal intersection of Sheridan where Morrison Rd becomes Mississippi.  The parking is angled opposite to the direction of traffic which can make backing in/out into oncoming traffic difficult so FYI.We happened to drive by and my sweetie had been wanting to try this place out and how could I say no to some tasty empanadas?   I am more accustomed to the Cuban cuisine of Frijoles and their yummy fried picadillo empanadas but I found the baked South America style beef to be every bit as delicious.  The potato and egg was also wonderful.  I also enjoyed the Mexican cola made with real cane sugar.  Much better than the overcarbonated processed colas made here.  The prices are modestly cheap and very reasonable, about $2.50 each so it makes for a great breakfast or afternoon lunch/snack.  The owner is extremely nice and friendly and the decor is very cozy and there's just a few small tables and chairs so dining in during peak hours might not even be an option.  Our first experience here was fantastic.  And it's right in our neighborhood so I see lots of empanadas in our future.  We absolutely loved it!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2012,12/26/2012,186,551,4,6,6>This is a nice, medium-sized Italian joint in Cherry Creek.  I met some friends here for lunch the other day and sat out on one of two patios.  I perused the wine list as I drank my iced tea, (I'm not THAT big of a boozer) and it's actually a really well thought-out wine list.  They've got a good number of Italian and American wines ranging from relatively cheap to pretty damn expensive.  They've also got a nice by-the-glass wine list.The menu is a bit limited IMO, but they have a good number of selections for salads, paninis and pastas.  I ordered the pasta special which was linguini with scallops in a white wine and garlic sauce.  It was pretty darn good.  The paninis are huge, and the salad my friend ordered looked darned tasty as well.  The service here is spot on for this level of restaurant.The only real problem I had was the price.  I could get the same thing and same flavors elsewhere for cheaper IMO.  But, it is Cherry Creek where all things cost too much.  ;)
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,12/25/2012,117,207,4,4,4>Here is what I know. Copious amounts of cocktails were consumed at Mile High Spirits and it was time for a change. Star Bar was first on my list as I have never been and everyone seems to love, so we stumbled in to a fully packed house, drank a beer and made our way to the outside bar and Britt, the drink making queen. We sampled some boozey ice pops and chatted with her about how this outside bar is kinda her "thing". She clearly loves what she does and is great at it.One of her concoctions, Purple Rain, was so insanely delicious that I texted myself the name of it so I would remember. Granted, I did this with one eye closed and my text actually read 'purole rain' but the next day I regained my facilities and the use of both eyes and realized the error in my spelling. I plan on asking for this next time I am there. And there will surely be a next time.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,12/24/2012,43,40,2,8,7>If you're planning on a Denver brewery crawl, you have to put Colorado Cider on your list! (And try to do it first since it's kind of in a crazy location near Wits End).  The facility is pretty small and is only run by 4 people, but the cool thing is that anytime you go, you'll be able to ask a knowledgeable employee all of your burning questions about cider and how it's made.  On the Sunday we went, one of the workers gave us a quick tour around their facility and started us off with a free sampler of 6 of their ciders (I think we got a couple ounces of each, at least) and guided us through each of the flavors.  I was a fan of their original, the Glider Cider (...ahh, like an adult Juicy Juice box!) but they also had a few cool twists on cider, such as their Mel cider (made with honey and lavender...it tasted like Paris on a spring morning after the rain...whatever that could mean) and their Grasshoppah, which is like a perfect mix between a hoppy ale and a cider.  I don't think you can find their ciders outside of Denver yet because they are so new, so swing on by their taproom!  And make sure to check their web site for their hours, since I think the Yelp hours listed are a little off.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,12/23/2012,53,153,2,4,5>I dropped into the Denver Bicycle Cafe this afternoon for a break from the monotony that is a teacher's summer with no students to worry about.  The interior is spare and utilitarian in decoration, while still being hip.  There is a gigantic wrap-around bar in the center of the place, picnic-esque tables for patrons doing work, and then a space where the bicycle mechanics do their work Thurs-Mon.I ordered a cup of coffee - only $1!  A nice break from Starbuck's prices.  I also had the pleasure of watching the owner training a new employee.  I was so impressed with the way she was explaining coffee to the new gal - it's clear that the people here know coffee and how to do it well.  All of the regular coffee you order is made by French press, which I'm ecstatic to have learned and the baristas know how to make a beautiful and delicious latte. I'll definitely be back soon to do work here, and to get the front break on my bike fixed.  I LOVE being able to mutli-task!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,12/22/2012,137,262,4,5,6>I am so sad I have waited so long to check this place out. I went with my hubby and another Yelper and had the cobb salad and pulled pork sandwich, deviled eggs, sassafras, bloddy mary and an old style. Here's the break down...Cobb: Not traditional in a good way. Butter lettuce, a beautifully cooked medium egg (no runny white), chicken, crispy, meaty bacon pieces, tomatoes, and a warm bacon dressing. I asked for no blue cheese and the dressing on the side. The dressing was tangy and wonderful, not too heavy as I had feared when I asked them to side it. Absolutely craveworthy.The pulled pork sammy with O-rings: My lord, if calories didn't count this is what I might have ordered. The pork was delicious and tender; the bun, squishy and able to sop up the grease and sauce. The onion rings were heavily battered, but not in the way that scrapes the roof of your mouth and pisses you off. Just enough to give it great crunch and flavor. Bloody Mary: Bloodies are one of my faves and I take them seriously. This one is fantastic and has a delicious salad. No shrimp, which is my fave, but they do onion, peperoncini, pickled green beans and probably olives.Sassafras: It's a yummy root beer concoction that has alcohol. Keep your clothes on. Our service was fantastic, but there were only 3 tables. I hope to come back as expeditiously as possibly to try out dinner. This seems like a pretty chill spot!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,12/21/2012,99,235,2,6,5>WOW!  A small, out of the way, 5 star restaurant, located in Capital Hill. - YES!Interior - small, nicely decorated, not overly stated, quaint, upper class, for special occasions only, as you will pay approximately $30+ per person, but WOW! it is so worth it!  Approximately 14 tables, and 7 seats at the bar.  There are also 3 or 4 small tables outside. Reservations are HIGHLY recommended.  Food - WOW!!! Oh My Gosh!  Excellent!  The flavors that are presented to you on your place are Amazing!  The menu changes monthly, or so we were told. Appetizers - My husband ordered the slow roasted pork belly, and he said it was melt in your mouth goodness. It came with Sweet Corn Madeleine and a Palisade Peach Barbeque Sauce.  I ordered the Asparagus Salad, which came with Pine Nut Crusted Avalanche Fresh Chèvre, and Mâche. Very lovely, light, and tasty.Entrees - My husband ordered the Lamb. It came with Chanterelle Mushrooms, White Bean Cassoulet, Braised Leg, and Celeriac Salad. He loved the lamb, said it was very moist. I'm not one for lamb, but I did try it. It was moist, and that's all I can say, as I said, I'm not one for lamb. I picture "Mary had a little lamb..." and it just doesn't do it for me. I ordered the Seared NY Strip. It came with Oxtail Daube, PolentaCroquette, and Sweet Corn Nage. Now, I'm not a "have to eat steak type person," but WOW! the NY Strip was excellent! Very tender, easy to cut, and done just right! The entire dish was very well presented, and excellent!  Dessert - not this time around, perhaps next. The dessert menu looked very good as well, which, if like the rest of menu, I'm sure is excellent as well. Location - Easy to pass by. Actually, we have been at the other restaurants right around it, and didn't realize that Mizuna was actually there! It is VERY EASY to miss - perhaps the owners should do something about that - make it stand out better.  Parking - street or valet, so you have to love that.Service - EXCELLENT!!!  Not in your face, but very much aware of what you need. Classes - they do offer some cooking classes, but sign up QUICK, as spaces are filled. Darn - we missed out, but will be watching for the next round! Plan on spending at least an hour, more like two hours, enjoying your meal and your companions. It is so worth it! See you next month for the new menu!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,12/20/2012,138,353,5,8,11>The whole is greater than the sum of its parts. In few places is that more evident than Linger. Each individual part was splendid, but when it all came together it was not possible that I could have asked for more.It's an amazing interior, very fun & modern. Some might see it as average, but I absolutely loved it. It's very mortuary-chic. :-) I'm especially a fan of the patio up top, and the upstairs bar. And the walk down the hallway to the bathroom. Maybe I'm just an easily-impressed geek, but I love it. Both times I've been the service has been spectacular. Servers that are there to not only facilitate a great dining experience, but to treat you friendly enough to make you feel welcome. I love servers that feel the freedom to joke with me, but are savvy enough to make me look like the funniest guy in the room. I know, total ego trip, but whatever. They were smart, educating, funny, warming, and very, very helpful. The Sommelier was also quite wonderful, not hesitating to take as much time as it took to run through several wines until my dining companion and I found a vino we loved. The food, though, is what slays me here. It owns me. It whispers sweet nothings into my ear, intoxicates me with its scent, then lays me down and has its way with me. It's all been unbelievable. Even thing food items I didn't like (but tried because my companion wanted to) were well done. I just simply didn't like X ingredient because it tastes like the inside of the boiler in a steam-train. Devils on Horseback, Pho Real Spring Roll, BBQ Duck Bun, Oaxacan Tamale,  Ceviche (I don't even like Ceviche!!) Meze Plate, Chicken B'stilla..... It's so wonderful. I have not had anything that felt cheap, poorly done, or skimpy. Everything made of things that I actually wanted to try, I've wanted to paint my body in its image to try and honor how much I have loved it. Many restaurants succeed at all these individual things, but I've found precious few that succeed at all of them simultaneously. I understand that not everyone has the same experience; everything from mood, to number of cocktails, to a server having a bad night can change a dining experience. And its our (Yelpers) seat at this reviewing-table, coupled with all of those things, that gets us made fun of. That's fine. But, my lord, both times I've been to Linger, everything was perfect. Everything. I could not have asked for better. The first time I wanted to like it, the second time I wanted to find flaws in it. Linger 2, Jason 0. Immediate new favorite in town.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,12/19/2012,71,118,5,11,7>We are so happy to have a new neighborhood restaurant.  It's not a pizza kitchen, so get that idea out of your head.    It's much more exciting and upscale than that.   A man at the bar actually ordered a glass of wine and the Fire Roasted Beet Tartare; which is a shredded apple and beet salad decorated with toast points.   It looked so beautifully done.   I'm having that next time.   I had the F/U salad and shared a pizza, easy on the cheese.  It was magnificent.  They are particular about the ingredients.  The manager, Jennifer told us about the care that goes into the selection process.  We were especially impressed with the pepperoni.  It's made in house, as is the sausage.  Who does that these days?  I mean really....most restaurants just purchase from Nobel.  We also tried the Fire Roasted Cauliflower and Meatballs.  They are on the small plates and happy hour menus.  Both flavorful.  The ambiance is warm and welcoming ambiance.  One reviewer called it stark?  Huh?  No..not at all.  It's very well done, without being too fussy.   Staff is friendly.  Food creative but not too foo foo.  Prices are consumer friendly.  I'm not seeing a down side here!!     The wine list is creative but not to the point you are intimidated and default to ordering the cheapest glass on the menu.  Maybe the best I've seen with regard to uniqueness/value/quality.  Hope they add salmon to the menu!  We are going to break up with our usual place and adopt F.U.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/18/2012,306,629,5,9,8>I've always heard people say, "you have to go there, it's an institution" in regards to various locations, and while I knew what they meant, I'm not sure I really understood until going to Buckhorn Exchange.  My parents were coming to town to see us (but mostly Peyton Manning) before the holidays, and wanted to have a buffalo steak for dinner.Buckhorn Exchange has been open since 1893 and is the proud holder of Colorado's very first liquor license.  The location is not the greatest, but the ambiance is fun and it feels very much like a museum (don't go here if you're not okay with taxidermy).  The bar upstairs is a lot of fun, and the bartender is great.  While we were sitting there, he randomly gave away a free drink for a trivia question, and he happily recreated a whiskey cocktail I'd had at the distiller's festival a few months ago.The menu is very interesting, and the food is great, if overpriced.  The menu is very, very meat-orientated-- vegetarians and vegans are probably SOL.  However, if you're an omnivore, you're in luck, especially if you're an adventurous one.  We had:--rattlesnake dip:  you know how people tell you everything tastes like chicken?  Strangely enough, rattlesnake actually does.  And the queso dip is very good.--both soups of the night (buffalo stew and a bean soup) got good reviews at our table.--my salad with blue cheese was odd, because it had blue cheese crumbles and then they asked me if I wanted ranch or vinegarette.  But, the greens were fresh, it had tons of blue cheese, along with craisins and mandarin oranges, so I was happy.--I had the buffalo prime rib salmon combo with garlic mashed potatoes: the buffalo prime rib was amazing, as were the potatoes.  The salmon was all right, but I'd stick to land animals next time.--My husband had the quail/elk combo and let me taste both.  I'd never had either before and both were great.--My mom loved her lamb chops.  She said the baked potato was good, but it will come with cheese sauce on it if you don't say you don't want it, so beware.--My dad had the buffalo filet and said it was wonderful.For the price, I wouldn't go here regularly-- all entrees are between $35-$45, and that's a lot.  However, it's a unique Colorado experience, and worth it for a splurge if you have out-of-town carnivorous guests.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,12/17/2012,245,483,5,18,11>Am I really the first person to review Revampt?  Unbelievable!  Located right smack in the middle of the loathesome shopping district known as Cherry Creek North, Revampt specializes in recycled, reclaimed and repurposed goods.  The items in store run a variety of genres, from old skis turned into benches to wallets made from old bike innertubes.  Everything in here is really cool and stylish.  My wife has some great jewelry from this shop.  Best of all, the prices are astonishingly fair - so you don't have to break the bank to live green.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,12/16/2012,809,1185,5,12,7>Having my Mom in town always has be researching new day trip in and around CO with new adventures.  I remember someone mentioning Idaho Springs to me and off I went researching away.  I found St Mary's Glacier and thought this would be a fun mother daughter excursion and something she probably wouldn't be able to do in PA.  This is not a hike for the unfit!  This is a rock scramble straight up!  A robust hike for even a physically fit person to climb.  It's only 3/4 of a mile up, albeit all rocks and little to no trail.  This is why they're called the Rocky Mountains I guess.  Dogs welcome, just make sure they can take a pretty long hike and the cold temperatures at the top.Once at the top you will enjoy breathtaking views (see pictures).  You could look in all directions and have mesmerizing views of the snow capped mountains.  At the first stopping point at the top there is a substantial lake which in November was already completely frozen and their was already some ice fisherman taking advantage.  Take a look around and really enjoy your surroundings.  Then if you're feeling adventurous (and my Mom and I were) you can take an aggressive hike even further up the mountain for even more picturesque views.  Beware of high winds, cold temperatures and loose rock as you try to maneuver you're way up and down the mountain.  This is where I need to add a disclaimer.  I spent a good 10-15 minutes talking my Mom out of trying to hike on top of ice and snow to go even higher, if you would like to venture to the tippy top of the mountain I recommend some snow shoes, snow poles and maybe even ski's.  Mother and daughter were dressed in jeans, hoodies, light jackets and not completely equipped to try to take the rest of the mountain.  If you've met my Mother you would know that she is willing to do anything throwing all caution to the wind - it took some work from her only daughter to talk her out of the ridiculous notion to climb the rest of the mountain in jeans and sneakers.  Some must haves for your visit:-Gloves-Snow pants are best since the winds at that altitude can cut through regular pants like knives-Ear muffs or something to cover your ears-A camera for all the beautiful pictures-The family dog would love to come if you have one-$5 for parking-Lots of water, you will definitely want some-A snack and or lunch for when you reach the top-Walking stick would helpKids are welcome as long as they can handle a robust hike.  Take chance and venture up to the top for some breathtaking Rocky Mountain views.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,12/15/2012,151,206,1,11,7>This is still my FAVORITE PIZZA in the metro (4.5 Stars).I went yesterday and had an interesting drink -- Frozen Moscow Mule.  Ordinarily, they use ginger beer from Rocky Mountain Soda Company in the regular Mule, but Sweet Action Ice Cream specially made a RMSC ginger beer and lime sorbet for Right Coast, and thus the frozen Moscow Mule was born.  It was a little hard to drink at first, but it would be Great on a day above 90 degrees, Lord knows there are enough of them.Come for the pizza, and stay for the CO sourced drinks.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,12/14/2012,248,189,5,8,5>Great atmosphere, great service, great beer/drinks, and AMAZING burgers. And regular and late happy hours every day, as well as most of Saturday/Sunday. Definitely my favorite place along the entire Ace/Steuben's/Tavern stretch of 17th.Some of my favorites here:-El Chilango burger (guacamole, cheddar, jalapenos) - $8-The Royal burger (blue cheese, caramelized onions, bacon) - $8.50-Steak Sandwich  (roast beef, mushrooms, swiss, garlic aioli) - $10Happy Hour:M-F: 4pm-6pm, 10pm-12amSat/Sun: 11am-6m; 10pm-12am$2 sliders $1 off all drafts, $2 off all wines, $4-9 cocktail & a shotWeekend Brunch:-$7 bottomless mimosas-sliders, omelettes, benedicts, salads, salads, burgers -- you name it, they have it
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/13/2012,242,830,5,7,7>Ooozy, gooey cheesesteak, with onions and mushrooms, on steamed Amoroso bread direct from Philly.  Wash it down with a Boylan's Cream Soda and finish it all off with a Tastykake.  What could be bad?Useful Advice:Get your Cheesesteak To Go OR let it sit, wrapped in foil, for at LEAST 5 (and preferrably 10) minutes before eating.  This effectively steams the Amoroso Roll, melds all the flavors and juices together, giving you authentic East Coast goodness.Do NOT ask for "real cheese" (they offer Provolone).  True cheesesteaks should have fake, processed, gooey cheese.  Either White American or Cheez Wiz.  Yes, I said Cheese Wiz.and...Krimpets.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,12/12/2012,315,429,5,9,9>It's been a few years since I've popped my head into Le Central; other French restaurants around town have quickly become my favorites, so this venerable Denver staple had been forgotten in my book.  But thankfully, I recently had the chance to make a return trip on a date night.  And I must admit, I couldn't've been more pleased.My date and I inadvertently arrived on Julia Childs' birthday, so Le Central was packed and booked!  But amazingly, a table for two was easy to fit in, so the wait was very tolerable.We were quickly seated in one of the myriad of rooms.  The layout of Le Central still irks me; it feels more like someone's house rather than a French restaurant, but I'll attempt to let that slide and not skew my views of the most important aspects:  service and food.  Our server was so lovely and on top of everything.  She easily recommended some wine to go with our order of mussels and cheese platter.  Et oh mon dieu, the Gascone wine was delicious!  And the food?  The mussels and cheese platter were both amazing!  I had never had mussels before, so my date got to introduce me to their deliciousness.  There were several types from which to choose and since I love spicy food, we went with the hottest offered, la Mexicaine.  Honestly, I could've used more spice, but these mussels were amazing!  And for $11 for a bowl full?  I know I'll be back to have some more.  And the cheese platter?  As a girl from Wisconsin and a France study abroad alumna, I couldn't've been more pleased.  I believe there were five types of cheeses as well as nuts, crackers, bread, and cranberries.  Twas perfection!As with most French places, the prices are a little steep, but you can find some very affordable choices.  And if you wanted to splurge, you'll certainly be able to find that, too.  While I can't say the venue *feels* French, Le Central has clearly been serving up some amazing French food for years.  Oui, Le Central, I will admit I was wrong.  You are completely wonderful and I hope to return soon!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,12/11/2012,103,577,3,10,8>First things first - Scott Witsoe, the owner is the nicest guy! He is also really awesome about greeting all of his customers. How cool is that?Plus, he crafts up fantastic beer ontop of that! Jean Claude Van Blonde is my standard order here, so refreshing but with great Belgian attributes at the same time. The Green Man is also great. Really, I have enjoyed every beer I have tried here.Wit's End also has the best growlers - the perfect size and they actually keep your beer fresh! Go check this place out! Note, it is kind of tricky to find the first time you go, but it is so worth it!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,12/10/2012,2089,519,11,14,15>Tea TavernKu Cha House was one of the first stores that I walked into during my first trip to downtown Boulder. I'm a HUGE tea fan so I wasn't going to stroll pass without taking a look inside. The place has a dim and zen feel to it. From the tea selections to the tea accessories set out for your gazing pleasure, everything whispers serene melodies as you make your way from section to section.Aside from the merchandise, you'll encounter some other amazing components here at Ku Cha House. First you'll notice the register area where you can pay for any items that caught your eye. You'll also realize that you can grab a cup of tea or even a tasty unique treat to indulge in immediately. Lovely! I'm always looking for recommendations and didn't pass up the iced chai beverage that an employee said was quite popular. In addition to my cold brew, I grabbed some cookies to go with it. Both were okay but there's so much more to try that I didn't really mind.  What I loved the most was the back area where they set up a cute 'traditional' Chinese tearoom where you can sit, sip, and socialize in a tranquil setting. What a nice touch. If I were a student @ the university, then this would have been one of my spots to relax! The restrooms (particularly the women's facility) was well presented and clean. I can't wait to go back to try a different cup of hot or cold tea and score some pouches of great blends to steep at home.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/9/2012,268,175,6,9,11>Denver needs more neighborhood places like Jonesy's, namely places which possess a relaxed atmosphere, satisfying food, and are undeniably authentic. I like that Jonesy's maintains its genuineness in this completely ruined neighborhood of recently constructed soulless apartments and Pilates studios.  Upon entering one can't help but notice the long bar which occupies the front room; if you are a booth person, there are plenty of those too. Funky chandeliers hang from the tin ceiling, old fashioned tiles cover the floor, and dark red paint is used on the walls which are hung with an eclectic mix of posters, mirrors, and pictures.  It works because it is not formulaic like your typical TGI Friday's which you thought was 'so neat' 20 years ago (hey now, some of us were old enough to drink 20 years ago so shut it!).I came here for brunch with a whole lot of Yelpers which pretty much guarantees a good time, that is if you can get a word in on one of the three or four different simultaneous conversations...I didn't have any problems doing so.  Brunch means Bloodies or at Jonesy's $7.50 bottomless mimosas. What could be better at 10:30 on a Sunday morning?  Well, maybe some grits. Specifically cheesy grits topped with Andouille sausage and two poached eggs. Any time I see a menu which has grits on it anywhere north of the Santee River I optimistically order the dish in order to recapture memories of my South Carolina vacations. The grits at Jonesy's were creamy, cheesy and very tasty. The Andouille sausage and the poached eggs...well I've had versions which I've enjoyed more. Specifically the sausage was not as spicy as I like it to be, but it was flavorful. Poached eggs in general are a P.I.T.A. to get perfect and unfortunately mine were overcooked; serving them atop the hot grits may have been their undoing.The service was textbook perfect for handling a large group: keep the mimosas and coffee coming and you'll win the crowd - the servers at Jonesy's did just that.  The food came out surprisingly quickly. The most challenging part of accommodating a large group in a restaurant is the request for separate checks and then the reconciliation and multiple methods of payment; our servers didn't miss a beat, THANK YOU!A little something from 'My Cousin Vinny': Vinny Gambini: So obviously it takes you 5 minutes to cook your breakfast.Mr. Tipton: That's right.Vinny Gambini: That's right, so you knew that. You remember what you had?Mr. Tipton: Eggs and grits. Vinny Gambini: Eggs and grits. I like grits, too. How do you cook your grits? Do you like them regular, creamy or al dente? Mr. Tipton: Just regular I guess. Vinny Gambini: Regular. Instant grits? Mr. Tipton: No self respectin' Southerner uses instant grits. I take pride in my grits. Vinny Gambini: So, Mr. Tipton, how could it take you 5 minutes to cook your grits when it takes the entire grit eating world 20 minutes? Mr. Tipton:I don't know, I'm a fast cook I guess. Vinny Gambini: I'm sorry I was all the way over here I couldn't hear you did you say you were a fast cook, that's it? Mr. Tipton:Yeah. Vinny Gambini: Are we to believe that boiling water soaks into a grit faster in your kitchen than anywhere else on the face of the earth? Mr. Tipton:I don't know. Vinny Gambini: Perhaps the laws of physics cease to exist on your stove. Were these magic grits? Did you buy them from the same guy who sold Jack his beanstalk beans?
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,12/8/2012,137,230,2,7,5>Best comfort food, EVER!  I usually get the chicken fried steak or the meatloaf with fried okra and mashed potatoes.  You get quite a bit of food and it's all uber delicious (with the exception of the steamed green beans, blech).  Also, don't forget the corn bread.  It really brings it all together.This place kinda looks like a sketchy crap hole from the outside and a bit in the inside, but the food more than makes up for it.   They stay open until the food runs out.  It can get really busy since it's a popular joint, so I suggest you get there early.  FYI - They only do cash transactions.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,12/7/2012,208,396,4,7,6>I'm sure part of the reason I think Frank's is a 5-star joint is nostalgia, but I also just really really like the pizza!This place is an institution.  And, it's still family run!  In fact, most times the people working there still recognize my family and give us an extremely warm greeting, even though we don't frequent Frank's near as often as we used to.  My dad has been coming to Frank's since he went to Englewood High School back in the 60s.  My grandma used to come here on her lunch break and she's been retired since the 80s.  Frank's has even been a part of most family visits to grandma's house (oftentimes delivery) for holidays, etc.  And, I started visiting on my own once I moved to the Denver metro area (though sadly I am not in delivery range).The pizza is delicious.  Thin crust, but it has some substance to it and doesn't get soggy over time.  The topping choices are your standard fare.  I typically go with a 10" pepperoni, jalapeno, and extra cheese.  It fills me up and leaves me a few pieces for leftovers.  They do have a lunch special where you can get a smaller individualized pizza, a side salad, and a soda for like $6.  The special only includes one topping, but you can add more for an extra charge.  They also have fountain cherry cokes, etc. and all sodas (and water) are served with crushed ice.The dining area is very retro.  I imagine it hasn't changed much since they first opened over 50 years ago.  It's certainly not fancy, but I don't mind one bit.  There's even a jukebox if you're so inclined.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,12/6/2012,500,166,6,13,13>"An Indian and Nepalese restaurant in Aurora Mall? Did I understand you correctly?", I hear you muse aloud. Why, yes - and since you brought it up, let me tell you a bit more about Masala Xpress.Located not in the food court (as you may at first surmise), but closer to Macy's and Sears, the mall's hottest new eatery will tantalize you with old and new tastes from South Asia.Let's start at the very beginning, shall we? The coconut soup manages to be hearty, yet comforting at the same time - no easy feat! (Be advised that the vast majority of dishes on the expansive menu can be made as spicy or as wimpy as you please). Alternately, the lemon chicken soup tastes almost exactly like the restorative Thai broth called Tom Yum. F'real! Would I kid you? I think not.What's that you say? You're just itching to hear about the Nepalese items offered? Well, I'm sure you are, and I was just getting to them. The Sekuwa features chicken chunks marinated in lemon, yogurt and various spices (including timur - a variant of Sichuan peppercorn) then slow roasted to incredible moistness. Or perhaps you'd like to try the famed dumplings called Momo, consisting of either meat or vegetables tucked in a springy dough skin then steamed to succulence and served with the tart, tangy pickle called Achar. Then again, the Tibetan-in-origin noodle stirfry Chau Chau (available with lamb, shrimp, chicken, or vegetables) is always a winner too.Now, I see you glancing furtively at the Indian delicacies on the menu - and never fear, these are great as well. The puffy pastry called Chole Samosa is stuffed almost to bursting with soft chickpeas, while the meat on the Boti Kabob is memorably savory. You could even avail yourself of one or more of the Bengali street snacks called Kathi Rolls, which envelop lamb or chicken in a flatbread very similar to a paratha.Then, of course, there are various veggie dishes featuring combinations of Aloo (potato), Saag (spinach), Gobi (cauliflower), Mutter (peas)... and I haven't even mentioned the ever-changing steam table options!And they deliver within a five-mile radius too. So if all of that doesn't entice you to try Masala Xpress, then why have I spent so much time babbling? Go check it out already.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/5/2012,79,217,,10,8>This is one of the reasons why I love Denver ... specialty beers.  There seems to be a brewery that specializes in just about every type of beer.  So it does not surprise me to see an Artisan/sour brewery pop up.  I must admit, sours have been a new thing for me ... but when done right, they are fantastic.  On that note, I really liked the beers here.I had the WWBI and the Petite Sour they had on tap at the time and wanted more.  The WWBI packs a punch at 7% but at the same time you don't feel like your drinking booze, Win/Win.  The Petite Sour was a farmhouse wheat with a slightly lower ABV at 4.5%.  Hence the name, it was slightly sour and easy to drink.  Might be a good intro for someone who is new to sours, it's not over powering but you know you're drinking a sour. The tap room itself is pretty tiny, maybe 20 seats all together.  I think it's a good thing though, it's small and cozy and gives you a chance to chat up the bar tenders and fellow beer drinkers.  Be sure to check the hours before you head over, they are not open every day.  Totally worth checking out and adding to your rotation of breweries!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/4/2012,394,368,5,9,6>Fantastic little new spot that's priced just right for the Italio-American lover.If you're a fan of gnocchi, you're in for a real treat. Not only is the subtle meat so perfectly complemented with the peach, but the fact that you can have such an eloquent meal for under $15 boggles my mind.Drinks are satisfactory and the ambiance is that hip new modern cool. Not much you can go wrong here with the given exception that perhaps the "bum-mu-da" triangle may present you with undesired company during your delicious meal on the outside patio.Aside from that, color me impressed!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,12/3/2012,331,569,12,13,11>As I shoveled Camarones Al Coco into my mouth after devouring a plate of plantain chips and guac, a quote from Chris Farley came to mind, "Lay off, man, I'm STARVING!"  Really, I was quite full from just our starter, but I just couldn't put my fork down because everything was too damn delicious.  It took every effort not to knock my husband out of his chair and steal his slow roasted pork shoulder.  Had we not been in public, let me tell ya,  Emily would've eaten real, real well.The Camarones al Coco was so good, I doubt I'll order anything different ever again.  It's shrimp sauteed with garlic, peppers, coconut milk and ginger served over mashed potatoes.While I regretfully refrained from stealing my husband's plate, I did sneak a bite of the Lechon Asado, which was so tender and had excellent flavor.  The yuca fries served on the side weren't as amazing, but our server said they could be subbed next time around.Not only does Cuba Cuba do up food right, they make some great drinks.  I'm looking at you, blackberry mojito.  Also, as someone who does not drink frequently, I feel it is my duty to warn you that they're strong.  I may not order two drinks on a Wednesday night again.They have a happy hour, which ends at 6:15.  So if you're looking for half-off drinks, check that out.  If you're looking for a patio, they have that, as well.  If you're looking for AC, you're in luck as they have that, too.Just go.  Your diet can start tomorrow.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,12/2/2012,389,548,8,17,10>I love Los Carboncitos, I needed to figure out a place for dinner for myself and my parents (I don't prefer chains and Dad doesn't prefer anything with a Denver zip code), and there was a Rockies game downtown.  Also, Los Carboncitos doesn't serve alcohol and we all needed a dinnertime drink.  Paxia seemed to be a perfect middle ground.  In Denver but not where all the "weirdoes" hang out, but close enough for Mom and Dad.It proved to be a pretty good spot for everyone.  This is the kind of Mexican food I truly dig: loaded with fresh ingredients and an inventive cocktail list but not too kitschy or trendy.Chips and salsa are similar to Los Carboncitos but toned down a bit for the gringo palate (but still more heat than your typical Americanized Mexican restaurant).  Cocktails were delicious!  I had a prickly mojito.  I generally shy away from flavored mojitos as mojitios are pretty sweet to begin with and adding fruit can put them over the top.  This one was just right.We all shared the tableside guacamole and it was probably my favorite.  Lots of lime and properly mixed so the huge chunks don't break the chips.Mom and I shared the tamale plate (three varieties with one veggie) and the two chile rellanos plate (the whole pepper fried with queso fresco and served with black beans and Spanish rice).  The meal came with a stack of foil wrapped, housemade corn tortillas.  I'd never seen Dad get so excited about something served in a restaurant.  He kept repeating "I bet you they just made these.  These are really nice."  They also served one of the only three beers he will drink (Pacifico) so we were in luck.The menu certainly requires some additional perusing.  There's a creamy poblano soup I'd like to try and I'm curious about their ceviche.  Also, the cocktail list could use some additional exploration.My only gripe was with where we were seated.  Right by the kitchen.  While it wasn't too noisy, every time a server would walk out of the kitchen, it felt like they were grabbing on to my chair (maybe a reflex when people are not normally sitting there?).  They didn't seem hard up for space (it's a pretty big restaurant) so I'm not sure if the table is particularly needed.Prices are fair for the quantity and quality of food but a bit higher than your typical Mexican with most dishes over $10 (and all the way up to the twenties) and tableside guacamole at $8.The restaurant itself was bustling for a Wednesday as it seems north Denverites have caught on to this great neighborhood spot.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,12/1/2012,47,60,4,4,4>I have never had such good service at a restaurant!It was a casual Thursday night and my parents were in from the east coast so I wanted to take them to a new restaurant that we hadn't tried. We had previously eaten at the Charlie Palmer restaurant in South Coast Plaza so District Tavern seemed like a good choice. As we perused the menu a few items popped out the chili tuna tartar, oysters and the Cesar salad. All were delicious.As we chose entrees I began to talk to the waitress about the new wine that Charlie Palmer was producing (out of the same vineyard that my boss volunteers at). The dining manager must have been impressed because after we finished sharing a delicious filet Mignon and Scottish salmon he brought by two complementary desserts... wow it really helps to brush up on your wine production.As we finished the manager thanked us (at the door) for coming in and gave us his card which was a nice touch. We were walking down the street discussing how attentive the service was when another man approached us claiming to be the General Manger of the restaurant and wondering what problems we had encountered, after explaining our delight in the service and food he requested that we return and gave us 5 drink vouchers and his card.I will definitely be back here.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,11/30/2012,27,144,1,8,6>I'm very glad I gave this place a second chance.There are several things that were different about this time, and all of them were positive.1)  I got a float.  Hot diggity dog the floats are fantastic.  I got the Colorado, which was Cola and peanut butter crunch ice cream.  The ice cream is from sweet action, I believe, and the sodas are from a small just starting up Colorado based all natural soda company (rockymountainsoda.com  look em up.  Fricking yummy and made with ingredients that don't make you feel bad for drinking soda).  I was prepared to write an update to my first reviewing saying that even if the sandwiches aren't great, the floats alone are worth the trip.  They're definitely 5 star floats.  However, I'm not writing that review update, because...2)  The wafflich I sampled was head, shoulders, knees and toes above the pitiful burnt flavorless one I got on my first visit.  It wouldn't be hard to be better than my first, but this one was way better.  It was very very good if not great.  I wonder if I just happened to get the wrong item the first time around.  Or maybe I just got the right thing this time?  In any case, if you're going to just try one, try the Marvin.  3)  The wafflich this time was not burnt.  I think I underestimated the impact that the burnt-ness of my first wafflich had on my eating experience.  And since it was my first time, I didn't know that it could be different.  This one  was warm and slightly toasted, with a consistency that actually reminded me of real waffles.  Where the last one was entirely unappetizing, this one was a joy to eat. And now I know better.  If I get another burnt wafflich in the future, I'll know I can simply return it and ask for one that is properly cooked.4)  The owner is friendly as friendly can be.  I typically try to focus on quality of food, but I can't help but appreciate some one who is throwing all of their energy into their small business idea and manages to be friendly, helpful, and courteous all of the time.5) This place fills a need for quick, cheap, and easy food on Tennyson.  This isn't really different from the last time I visited, but the food I got this time makes it a viable option to fill that niche.And as a postscript, I also appreciate how environmentally conscious this business is.  Compostable cups, all paper packing products, no plastic or styrofoam to be found.  Not super out of the ordinary for Colorado, but a nice touch for a low cost meal.  Oh, and I love small Colorado businesses that support other small Colorado businesses.  So bonus points for that too.  An one last sprinkling of kudos for having a paper bag of crisp waffle (bread?) piecies on the counter as dog treats. After my first experience, I gave this place a slightly generous 3 stars.  Now I'm giving it a fairly stingy 4 stars.  I'm holding out for consistency.  If I continue to have experiences like today, I will bump it on up to the full five.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,11/29/2012,41,218,4,5,4>I recently cut a little article out of the newspaper which listed breakfast spots around town to check out.  Since, breakfast is our favorite meal, I took my husband for a birthday breakfast last weekend and now we can't wait to go back. Donut bites, fresh made to order?  Oh, hell yeah!Root veg hash with poached eggs?  Be still my heart!Moist, fluffy biscuits with sausage gravy?  I've died and gone to heaven!The best thing there?  The service.  When we mentioned we were there for a birthday breakfast, Katie, gave us our donut bites on the house.  We got there round 8 AM on a Saturday morning, which was great because when we left there was a line out the door. I'm definitely planning on a return trip...I can still close my eyes and taste those warm jelly filled donuts melting in my mouth...
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,11/28/2012,28,72,3,6,4>Biker Jim's is a foodie's delight. Though Biker Jim's was at the top of the list in terms of Yelp review ratings, I had not tried it until today. I will most definitely return. I asked the gentleman maning the grill what he recommended for a first timer. "Elk-Jalapeño-Cheddar" was his instant reply. "It's a gateway brat that leads to the heavier stuff." I was a little worried about the spiciness factor, but took his recommendation. A nice lady took my credit card. I got "The Usual" which includes a dog (all dogs are $5.00), chips $1.00 and soda/water $1.00.  After I paid I got a little confused. There were people milling about and the grillman was shouting out orders. Do I jump in when I hear my order? No. Apparently there is a second "pick up line" you queue up in. Orders come off the grill in order (of course they do).  That wasn't clear to the "first timer". The regulars put me in line. I listened and watched the regulars work toppings and condiments. I asked the grillman for "everything". For Elk-Jalapeño-Cheddar that means cream cheese and caramelized onions. OK, no other toppings required for that one!It was delicious. Just the right amount of pepper spice and the caramelized onions gave it a sweet finish. Next time I'm going for "the heavier stuff". Maybe the wild boar. Sounds like a trip.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,11/27/2012,95,693,,9,7>12 months later and it is 4 stars.Super new dog park. Two separate ares: one for "high activity" dogs and one for "calm dogs". There are never any dogs in the calm area. Duh!A superb berm on the north side that bounces the I-70 noise into outer space. It also blocks I-70 from your view as you walk around the "lake" on the smooth concrete path. Lots of new vegetation on the berm and down into the lake.This is a huge improvement and a great example of "my tax dollars at work".Soon, there will be fish.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/26/2012,232,372,,12,7>Thanks to the wonderful Denver Yelp book club, I had the pleasure of experiencing Ethiopian food for the very first time.  I then introduced it to my husband and let's just say that it's not a hard decision for the two of us to have dinner at Abyssinia.Dining at Abyssinia is a bit like being in someone's living room (I think there actually may be an apartment upstairs).  All of the tables are the traditional round basket tables and the service is relaxed, yet attentive.  Unless you're about to pass out from starvation, you won't mind the wait for this delicious food.  So sit back, relax, sip on honey wine or an Ethiopian beer, and enjoy the company of your friends or loved ones.  I get the impression that's what Ethiopian dining is all about.And when your food finally arrives, you'll be more than ready to dive right in.  Each time I've eaten at Abyssinia, I've had some form of the veggie combo.  Each item is simply delightful:  lentils prepared two different ways, green beans, spinach, split peas, atkilt wot (assorted vegetables), and a simple iceberg lettuce salad with a surprising amount of flavor.  I've also had the meat combo, which includes doro wot (fall-off-the-bone chicken thighs and legs) and tibes wot (stewed beef).  My favorite beef dish is the spicy zilzil tibes, which is zesty strips of beef seared with jalapenos.  Everything is so incredibly tasty and I have to pace myself with the injera so I don't get full too soon.You could easily drive right by this Colfax location and never even realize it existed.  That would be truly unfortunate because you would be missing out on a unique and delicious dining experience.  Do yourself a favor and make your way to Abyssinia.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,11/25/2012,154,335,3,7,9>When I saw the reviews on yelp I was skeptical. Everyone says 5 stars? Preposterous. Except it wasn't . This here is the real deal. What every foodie dreams of. A restaurant that has a flavor you can only find in that one small corner of the world that you are lucky enough to live in.Tucked away in a gas station off of Peoria is this restaurant. When you go in you'll be greeted happily by the owner who is there most days of the week from 6 am to 6pm.  This is not a night spot so if you want BBQ for dinner make sure you plan appropriately because they close strictly at 6:00pm. They cater and to you lucky bastards living in the area they do deliver. I'm sorry I shouldn't insult your birth just because I'm jealous of your ability to sit at home and eat this mouthwateringly delicious food.The decor is what you'd expect from the location. But they do try to add to the atmosphere and the fact they have pictures up by local artists is a major plus. They take your order efficiently, have suggestions if you are unsure and let you know how long it will take.But  you don't need to be unsure I will tell you what to order.Pork Plate, collard greens on the side, a medium glass of their home made sweet tea and a serving of peach cobbler. How good are they? After I ordered a meal big enough to feed 4 I was back the very NEXT day begging for their cobbler.  Whats that old saying? Ain't to proud to beg? I will beg like a champion for good food!P.S. I have no idea about their mexican. Their BBQ is too good to deviat!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/24/2012,49,119,,5,6>wow wow wow!!!I'm sure places like this exist outside Colorado, but man, in my eyes this is just one of those quintessential places that epitomizes everything I love about Colorado.The ice cream is fresh and flavorful and the flavors change all the time based on what's in season. (Late summer right now: some of the flavors included Sour Colorado Cherry, Basil, and Colorado Peach...how does one choose!?!) Best part is these flavors aren't just your average "cherry" or "peach", they really taste like that best peach you've had all summer, or that cherry eaten at the peak of freshness. They've also got some "weird" flavors that further impressed me (think Stranahan's Whiskey!!!).Definitely worth checking out year round, but especially on a hot summer's evening!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,11/23/2012,133,398,2,8,7>I am still a fan. My first review was written in the first blush of like/love as I immediately fell heads over heels for this place. It's just the right touch of space, although the front seating is a little less comfortable, friendly service, but still a bit reserved and great coffee. I used to come here quite a bit when I was still in school as Fluid was open late till 10 on weekends and I could usually find a seat here. With the opening of Fluid's Meeting Spaces, there are even more tables and outlet spaces (when the meeting spaces aren't in use), which I appreciate. Parking can be tight in this area, but I tend to park in the apartment residential garage, as there is some "retail" parking in the garage. It's worked for me for several occasions. I don't get over here as much as I used to, but I will still stop in and pick up a bag of Novo beans, just so I can get a nice cuppa and pop in. Speaking of, I'm due for another visit!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,11/22/2012,107,61,9,9,6>I pray to the rosary (that I picked up when I lived in Miami for 4 years) that I give this place a fair, balanced review.I don't, however, pray for modesty. I make one hell of a cafe cubano. Dime lo que quiere. Cortadito? Bueno. Colada? Lo puedo. Cafe con leche? Por supuesto.But these guys make it better. Seriously, it's the best Cuban coffee I've had out side of an honest-to-God Cuban place in Miami proper.(Now, if you're not ready for Cuban coffee, just ignore all that. The stuff is not for everyone. Still, you can at least share a small cafe con leche with a friend and probably walk out of there without jittering so hard that pieces start falling off you.)Now that you're buzzed (on caffeine, not the full bar they have (because they totally have a full bar)), you need a bite to eat.Yo, ignore all the other reviews, and get whatever looks good. Love pork, mustard, pork, pickles, and pork? Cuban Mix it is! Having breakfast? Whatever you like, friend.Just note those pictures. The sandwiches are FULL of goodness, but they're flat. If you're not ready for this, you'll be really disappointed when a compressed bundle of paper arrives at your table. Fret not! Open it! Take several bites! You'll leave WELL satisfied!That said, some of the prices are a little silly to me. I say this in contrast not only to other Cuban establishments I've been to, but also in comparison to sandwiches of similar quantity available in the Denver area.Don't get me wrong. I'll still throw down some paper for a Cuban Mix. It's the best sandwich I've eaten in years. And I'd have one weekly if it was better priced.(Note: Forget the Ay Conyo. It's a dollar more than the Cuban Mix and the additional ingredients detract from the overall experience. I don't understand why anyone would buy it when you can save a buck for a purer, more blissful experience in the Cuban Mix. The only thing the Ay Conyo has over it is that it's more fun to say.)You know, I want to stop here, but this is where my initial concern hits. With prices as borderline reasonable as this place is, the fact that you don't get an itemized bill really flips my switches. They tell you your total, you presume they have great memories and are really good at math, and then you pay them that amount. Now I'm all for leaving isolated incidents out of Yelp reviews, but to highlight my irritation, I once had a bill that was grossly overcharged. I couldn't even talk to the server, I was so mad, but I returned and talked to the owner later. In fairness, he absolutely made it right with me (and thank God and that Rosary, because those sandwiches! Ay Dios Mio!)This is just a really verbose way of recommending you keep an eye on what you're ordering and math out the bill yourself, too.And the day the establishment starts including itemized bills, this review gets an edit. I'd be thrilled.Ok, I feel better with that out of the way!Other notes:Private lot with like 3 spaces in the back if you can't find a spot on the street, though there are usually spots on the street.Ask about anything. Service is friendly, and nobody's going to give you a hard time for asking what on earth a "cortadito" is or how it's made.Note that service in Miami is on what many mainlanders refer to as "island time". Buchi is faster than that, but not fast. So, you know, chill.GO TO BUCHI!For breakfast, the sandwiches are priced right, he coffee is INTENSE, and the mood is lovely.For the rest of the day, you know, you pay for what you get, but you get what you pay for. ¡Que maravilloso!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,11/21/2012,200,310,5,6,5>Totally worth the drive, that's the first thing I will say.  Worth the wait is the second.  Burgers were the tone of the evening and those who joined in were ready for one for sure.  I decided on the Drunken Onion.  I have a love of the onion so this was the only thing that I wanted once I spotted it on the menu.  Drunken Onion: Cabernet caramelized onions, Gruyere, Swiss, and French onion soup for dipping.OMFrench onion soupG!  all that plus you dip it into french onion soup?  Oh yes my friends, it is true and more delicious then I even thought it could be.  The carmelized onions and crispy onions were lovely.  The Swiss and Grueyere added to the party with a little creaminess and then the dunk in the rich beefy/oniony soup was the Onion on top!  Well cherry on top just sounds a bit gross when describing an onion burger.  We decided we would share what we ordered so everyone could have a taste.  Wiseguy: crispy Mozzarella, prosciutto, fresh basil, tomato, and onion drizzled with balsamic and olive oilThis was great, pesto on a burger.. so good! The crispy mozzarella was no joke, a thick slab of mozz lightly breaded and so stringy melty it was fabulous!Flaming Tiki grilled pineapple, pico, fried jalapenos, lettuce, onion, habanero mayo, avocado, and pepper JackNot a big fan or Jalapenos or avacado so I opted out of this choice.  I will also say I was pretty full after 1/4 of my own burger and 1/4 of the Wiseguy, some fries and fried pickles.  After we could bearly eat anything else and had a few take home boxes we decided on the Donut bread pudding.    Which came with 2 scoops of ice cream.  It was decided Cinnamon and Vanilla.  Ice cream fills in the holes so there is usually always a little room to fit it in.   The few spoonsfull of cinnamon and then vanilla were really good.  We all left satisfied for sure. My only complaint is IT WAS COLD!!!!! man it was cold in that place.  I am sure it was from the door opening and closing all night, but we were several tables away from the door and there was also a floor to ceiling wall that should have cut the cold, but it was just plain cold.    I hope to return again in the next few weeks.  It's not even been 24 hours and my 1/4 breakfast left over from last night drunken onion burger has left me wanting to get in the car and drive down again today.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/20/2012,180,496,2,14,9>Soon to become one of my favorite spots in town, Tom's Urban 24 is a refreshing new addition to Larimer Square. It isn't a steakhouse, ethnic food haven, new age American fusion place, or like anything else we have around here.Tom's is simply good food served in an upbeat and fun atmosphere by a staff who is courteous, educated, and welcoming. Located where the tired Samba Room used to be on the corner of Larimer St. and 15th, Tom's fun, neon-lit exterior welcomes patrons into its open, airy dining space. The space is much larger than it initially appears with its second story loft-like seating area. The bar is comfortable with ample seating next to the window and they make a great Moscow Mule, or "Larimer Mule", as we dubbed it tonight served in the traditional copper mugs (obviously!) The circular striped cream and colored booths give the entire place a funky retro feel but is also refined. This reflects the menu as well-a mixture of down home cookin' favorites with a sophisticated twist. Starting with the appetizers, I went straight for the truffle deviled eggs. To die for. There are some pretty famous caviar deviled eggs that I am partial to on Larimer St. but Tom's blows these out of the water. I also loved the duck wings. Back to what I mentioned earlier about twisting tradition, this dish is a perfect example. Instead of the classic spicy chicken wing (which they have as well!) these duck wings (4 in an order) come slathered in hoisin sauce and falling off the bone. Melt in your mouth deliciousness. I have been told to try the duck pizza next time, I will put it on my list. Moving to the main course, there are so many options to choose from, especially when you come in thinking that Tom's is merely a "diner", you will be sorely mistaken my friend. Tom's offers everything from pho, to salads, pizzas, burgers, chicken sandwiches, meatloaf, mac and cheese, tacos, and more ( I am sure I am missing at least one category of the menu!). This is a restaurant where there is truly something for everyone. For your Southern folks they even have a Colorado Brown, a local version of the famed Kentucky Brown. What I appreciate most is, like the restaurant's decor, the food doesn't try to be something it's not. In reality the menu is pretty straightforward, in a user friendly way, but there is always a sucker punch in each dish. Take the Korean BBQ sandwich. Instead of the traditional pork, it is done with chicken, and with a refreshing dose of Siracha that will wake up your sinuses for days! Did I also mention that Tom's serves breakfast, lunch, dinner, AND late night bites? This place is going to be loved by someone every minute of every day as it's open 24 hours. FINALLY a 24 hour place downtown!Dessert at Tom's is fun, simple, and makes you feel like a kid. Your options are doughnuts or (wait for it) pop-tarts. Yes you read correctly, Tom's makes their own pop-tarts, and they taste nothing like something you find in a cardboard box. A whimsical ending to a delicious and creative meal, if you leave enough room for it that is! The owner, Tom, is much like his restaurant: genuine, jovial, and unpretentious. In a world filled with egotistical chef driven restaurants, Tom and his diner are a true breath of fresh air for Larimer, Denver, and the Colorado restaurant scene.  I cannot wait to go back and have at least one of each meal at Tom's. Another fun fact, there are TVs in the bathroom mirrors. Now that is just plain cool. This place is somewhere you can take a date, have a fun family dinner, grab drinks, or just get a quick lunch. The price is right as well, especially for Larimer Square. Move over Troy Guard, Frank Bonanno, Beth and Jennifer, and Richard Sandoval; there's a new kid in town and he's bound to make a lot of friends.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,11/19/2012,39,201,5,6,5>Who licks the remaining hummus left in the container from Shish Kabob?  I do, unashamedly.  This hummus is better than anything I've ever tasted.  Creamy, whipped, garlicky goodness.  I heard that the way to make really creamy hummus is to peel the garbanzo beans individually? So no thanks, I won't be doing that.  Instead I'll walk 3 blocks and pay $5 for a tub of hummus that will be gone in a day and a half.  Kabobs, grilled mushrooms, falafel, all are delicious.  Their entrees are so huge it becomes two meals for me.  Great family-run authentic restaurant.  The younger sons are the servers, and used to not be overly service-oriented....but either they got a talking to or somebody complained, because they are super attentive and consistently friendly now.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/18/2012,185,459,5,6,5>I know what you're thinking - "Gee Wiz, Vodka likes a bar.  Who'da thunk it?"  But here's the deal, good people - there's bars, and there's places like Jake's.My first visit was to meet a good friend who had been here once before.  The bartenders remembered her and were very friendly and welcoming.  They took care of the entire bar without anyone running empty.  Or at least I didn't.  Which is all that really counts.  It's spacious, has a nice patio on the street on downtown Littleton, and has a nice group of patrons.Happy Hour consists of $3 Colorado beers, which is awesome.  And no, that doesn't mean Coors light drafts.  Real craft beers from our beloved state.  The menu is just tapa's (hipster for "appetizers", but the queso dip and sausage platter were both hitting the spot.  This is a great bar.  In fact, I think it's my favorite now.  It's great to have a spot like like this near my new 'hood!Oh and one more thing - next time I come here, I'm using the women's bathroom.  I don't care if it gets me thrown out, it's far too beautiful to not open to the public.  Trust me.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,11/17/2012,160,224,2,5,3>Karl's FF Deli (what's the FF for?) Is a great lunch choice for DTC denizens looking for some German fare. Do come with an appetite, as you will loaded down with the best of the Wurst. On two visits, one with the DTC Lunch Club, I sampled the daily specials: Knackwurst, then Veal Brats. Both are served with red cabbage, sauerkraut, and a little rye bread. Talk about a filling meal...Our lunch club meal ended with a little strudel. Yum!The deli features plenty of seating inside and out, and German music, with a little shop for European treats.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/16/2012,25,80,,20,11>Customers will soon see a new face at the front of the restaurant, as July 31, 2012 was the last day of ownership for Trung.  Dong Khanh / Saigon Bowl won't be the same without him, even though the staff is expected to remain employed at this restaurant.  In case things do change, we made it a point to eat here several times this week.  This is definitely a Denver favorite of ours; we've easily eaten here over a hundred times in the past couple years... no joke.  If you check this place out, you'll understand why it's so popular.FOOD & DRINK FAVORITES (everything is made fresh to order):* Bo Luc Lac: cubed marinated steak and sauteed onions in a delicious juicy sauce* Dong Khanh Appetizer (#160): a large platter (serves at least two) of grilled steak, grilled pork, grilled chicken, fried soft shell crab, fried egg rolls, green leaf lettuce, rice vermicelli noodles, cucumber, pickled radish and carrots, bean sprouts, mint, basil, and more, which you can wrap up in rice paper (dip the dry rice paper sheets in the bowl of hot water for a few seconds) to make fresh spring rolls; or you can make lettuce wraps; or just eat the ingredients separately* Jellyfish Salad: pork, shrimp, jellyfish, thinly sliced cabbage, cilantro, mint, onion, peanuts, with a light rice vinegar dressing* Squid Appetizer: squid, battered and deep fried, seasoned with salt and pepper, served with sauteed onions, green onions, garlic and some other delicious ingredients* Pho: noodle soup with thinly sliced beef cuts of your choice, served with cilantro, basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos, and lime wedges* Bun (pronounced "boon"): your choice of grilled meat with chopped herbs and veggies served over rice vermicelli noodles and a side of fish sauce* Fresh Spring Rolls: shrimp, pork, lettuce, basil, and vermicelli noodles wrapped in thin rice paper, served with peanut sauce for dipping* Jack Fruit Shake: smoothie with chunks of jack fruit (flavor is somewhat like a mild mango)* Coconut Drink: iced coconut water with long strips of fresh coconut; mildly sweetSERVICE: excellent and efficient.  The waiters and waitresses all work together, so don't be afraid to flag anyone down at anytime if you need anything, even if you feel like they're in a big hurry.AMBIANCE: casual; busy at all times of day (easily a couple hundred people eat here every day).  It's impressive how fast they turn over tables, so the wait is never too long, and the food is always very fresh.PARKING: in the strip mall lot.Trung did a fantastic job at building this business, offering customers great food at reasonable prices and an efficient staff.  We'll soon find out if the new owner will maintain the excellence.  We wish Trung the best of luck... he'll certainly be missed.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,11/15/2012,156,255,4,9,6>I went here twice in one week, and loved it both times. First, I went with my Grandmother, and I ordered the seafood bowl. I'm not a big fan of iceberg, so I asked them to substitute the mixed greens, and they happily did so. My grandma ordered a bowl of the butternut squash soup. When our dishes came out, mind you we went for lunch, they were enormous!!! I literally ate my salad for 15 min, and it looked like I had done nothing! The soup bowl is more of a bucket, but it was absolutely delicious.Second visit was a girls' night out. We ordered a pitcher of sangria, which they make table-side. Our server brought out a pitcher half full of the hard alcohol part of the sangria, muddled it up, and then added a smallish bottle of wine. It packed a punch and tasted delicious. We started with the crab beingets, very delicious. Then we all made sure to order a different dish so we could all sample each others'. The shrimp and grits are delicious-- the grits are "griddled patties." I really liked these over the traditional grits. Chicken and waffles come out with delicious whiskey maple syrup-- a must try. The salmon and seafood bowl (again) were good too.Don't think the servers are snubbing you when they pull an iPod out of their pockets, this is their p.o.s. system, and how they send your order  directly to the kitchen-- very cool.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,11/14/2012,17,58,4,7,8>Best Chicago style pizza in Denver - trust me, I've tried all the other places.I was driving down Colorado one day and noticed the 'Denver Deep Dish' sign outside of The Bar Car. I was online as soon as I got home, investigating this so called 'deep dish pizza place'.If you're from Chicago, and live in Denver then you know what I'm talking about - there are several restaurants who claim they have Chicago style pizza, BUT THEY'RE LYING!Denver Deep Dish is tucked all the way in the back of the bar, which is always busy, and a nice place to hang out and grab a couple beers. They even have board games, tv screens, and quite the crowd of regulars. Pizzas usually take around 40 minutes to bake, so we really appreciate that you can call your order in ahead of time. Like most Chicago pizzas, DDD has an amazing cornmeal based crust. It's crunchy, not doughy, and nice and dense. There is a good amount of cheese on the crust, (although last time it was a little less than I expected), and then your toppings of choice. We usually order pepperoni, which is the nicer and slightly spicy. In my opinion, it's worth every cent when restaurants have the real stuff! And most importantly, they have a good tomato sauce. It's chunky, not too seasoned, and comes ON TOP, like it's supposed to be :)The DDD staff is extremely nice as well, letting us know they deliver, wanting to hear feedback, and thanking us for 'giving them a shot'.So if  you're in the mood for some Chicago style pizza, give it a try. I'm so happy one of my favorite things about the Windy City can now be found in the Mile High City.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/13/2012,336,514,1,6,6>Sometimes a simple math problem does the trick....Complete wine tasting [Groupon for 4 people including 5 samples each, 1 large glass of wine each, and 2 bottles to take home!] + amazing service + mom & pop owned store/winery with a cute history + cute & cozy space lined with kitchen tables+ outstanding wines [with interesting flavors]+ winarita [ha!] + little plates of cheese/crackers & meats offered+ ability to create/bottle/label your own wine [for a price!] _____________________________________________ a fantastic way to spend a Sunday with the in-laws :)
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,11/12/2012,127,269,,9,4>Due to the mix of reviews, I went into Taki Sushi unsure of what to expect. There were some absolutely glowing reviews and some horrid reviews about a terrible staff and dirty tables. I was pleased to end up in the camp of folks that had a great experience.I was greeted by a friendly and attentive staff. My water glass was never below 80% full. They were quick to offer me a drink (I went with the large house sake). They were around enough to ensure that any need we had was met, but were not pressuring us to move along.The wait between ordering sushi and it arriving was a little longer than my typical sushi stop, but it was well worth the wait. Their fish was very high quality and the sushi put in front of us didn't last long.While I am usually a fan of the more simple rolls, we tried the "happy roll," which contained a mix of salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and other ingredients. I was blown away. It was delicious. I was also a huge fan of the sweet potato roll, which came with tempura crumbles inside.Hundreds of reviewers were right. Everything was great. I'm a fan and will definitely be back.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,11/11/2012,220,1215,,4,7>Wonderful "asian" restaurant!The offer everything - thai, chinese, japanese and more!We have gone for both dinner and lunch. The staff is very friendly and helpful when you enter, during the ordering process and don't even blink an eye if you bring in a coupon! I've enjoyed the drunken noodles and the peanut sauce on another of their dishes!The lunch special comes with 2 sides - gyoza, crab rangoons, soup, etc. It's a great deal!They have jasmine and regular green tea if you are in the mood for something warm!Parking is in the back - you can enter behind the gas station near by.It's a great little place and i hope to enjoy dinner there often!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,11/10/2012,174,419,4,9,12>Honestly, I never would have known this place existed had it not been for a myriad of unrelated events coming together on one perfect Colorado Sunday afternoon...While cruising around on a Denver Parks bike tour lead by local trivia/Denver-phile anomaly Julio T., local beer lover Carly B. pointed out Strange and yelled to the group, "We're stopping for beer!".  Colorado folks bicycling around for fun and then stopping for beer?  Don't stop the presses because I'm pretty sure this sort of thing happens all. the. time.What I wasn't expecting was the wee 10-oz. size ($3), perfect for enjoying a brew without getting too gone since, you know, we had to get back on our bikes (vs. sitting and drinking the rest of the afternoon...).  I ordered the Cherry Bomb Stout -- a stout with a tart twist; the cherry flavor made it lighter and unique.  Dare I say... a summer stout?  Hell, I even said it'd be good for making porch crawlers (with the vodka and the lemonade and the [usual cheap] beer).  Dude had the Farmhouse Ale, which was a little too hoppy for me, but he liked it just fine.  Another easy-drinking warm weather beverage for sure.Our group didn't stay long (maybe next time!).  Just long enough to enjoy a brew and be on our way.  Folks working were very friendly, and I have to give props to the Worldwide Vittles guy for laughing at my Pee Wee's Big Adventure allusion when Julio knocked down the row of bicycles (um hello the part where he's at the biker bar and he knocks all the hogs over then he does the "Tequila" dance... anyone?  Bueller? [look another allusion!]).ANYWAY.  Strange Brewing Company is a nice little gem that, for us, is reasonable biking distance and conveniently located off I-25 for those who prefer to drive there.  That said, despite it sitting basically off the highway, it was quiet outside in their lawn chairs.  And since none of the surrounding industrial-type businesses operate on the weekends, it was perfect.  Next time I suspect a full pint (or two) will be in order, along with some tasty treats from the Worldwide Vittles cart.For those interested: saw a flyer for Thursday nights, starting at 4pm, being "buck an ounce" steak night.  The WWV cart will cut and grill to order steaks (with an 8-oz. minimum) and serve it up with a baked potato.  Salad and desserts are available for purchase, with proceeds going to (I'm assuming the daughter[s] of the brewers) tuition funds.  Good cause with great beer.  So whether it be for steak, beer, or steak and beer on a Thursday night, head on over to Strange.  Where pretty normal Colorado things happen, like taking a beer break during a bike tour.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,11/9/2012,75,119,13,17,7>I was super bummed when Green Light Grille went out of business. Then, I see a new sign on the building that says "Graze." At first I thought it was a vegan or vegetarian restaurant and sulked away as the memory of delicious burgers lingered in my mind. Then, when the sulking subsided, I decided to swing by and verify what this new restaurant was all about.LO! BURGERS! ORGANIC, GRASS-FED BURGERS!! Angels sang.They have a really great menu. So far (I've been twice in the last week), I've tried the BBQ Shoestring burger and the guacamole burger. I've never had a fried egg on a burger before, and it was divine. I haven't even told you the best part yet.PARMESAN TRUFFLE FRIES.I haven't tried anything there that I didn't like. Their pork green chili is spicy and delicious. If (when) everyone gets snowed in, I'll be walking down there to consume large quantities. They also gave me some of their pumpkin bread that they were thinking of adding to the menu. Pretty good! If you're not in a truffle mood, they've also got sweet potato fries which are (duh) great.I'm really happy that this restaurant has opened.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,11/8/2012,120,341,3,10,4>Stopped in for lunch and I didn't feel like pho.  I looked for the specialties and picked one that sounded good.  Noodles topped with shrimp, pork and peanuts, yeah that sounds good.  A few minutes later I get this huge bowl layered with broth, lettuce and noodles, then it's topped with perfectly cooked shrimp, boiled tiny eggs (maybe quail), rice crackers, marinated bacon, and chopped peanuts.  This is one of the best dishes I've had at a Vietnamese restaurant other than pho.  It is called Mi Quang, please get it.  It has bacon for crying out loud.The pho was also quite good, he got the rare steak and well done flank, #11.  Very tasty broth too.  A great find in Broomfield and cheap, $5-$8 per plate.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,11/7/2012,37,208,5,7,5>Driving down Sheridan last week I saw a sign announcing the Grand Opening of the Steak Out Steakhouse.  This little gem is hidden behind the Little Ceasar's Pizza around Sheridan and Florida.  Unfortunately it has terrible visibility from the road, but I really hope that people will learn of the Steak Out Steakhouse and pay them a visit.  This place offers traditional steakhouse fare at extraordinary prices.  For just over $10 I had a 10 oz. New York Strip (10 oz according to the menu, I would guess that it was probably closer to 12 oz) which came with a salad, baked potato, and Texas toast.  So here's the lowdown on the food:  the steak was absolutely delicious.  It was well-cooked, well-seasoned, and finished with a pat of butter on top.  The salad was a basic iceberg and red cabbage salad, and was fresh and crisp.  The baked potato was actually a little bit undercooked (perfectly edible, but just bordering on too firm), but who cares, potatoes are lame.  Those around the table who, for reasons unbeknownst to me, actually believe that baked potatoes are a worthwhile foodstuff all said that the potatoes were delicious, so perhaps mine (which was huge) was the only one that could have used an extra minute in the oven.  Either way, I consider this only a very minor flaw, and it was vastly overwhelmed by the overall quality of the dinner.  Oh... wait!  I almost forgot the toast.  I don't know how a restaurant can make extraordinary toast (well, actually... it probably has to do with a very high butter to bread ratio), but the Steak Out seems to have perfected toast- delicious!  The service was top-notch, and the restaurant really has a very nice interior.  I will absolutely be making my way to the  Steak Out Steakhouse again, because they have certainly earned my repeat business.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/6/2012,452,518,2,8,5>I first ran into the owners at the Belmar Farmers Market. They had a truck and the smell of gyros was too much to resist. We ordered a couple and some lamb and beef skewers. All of it was really, really good.  My bf was so pleased he actually sought out their establishment, located on Kipling in a gas station. The gas station situation is a little odd, I will admit, but we hardly care given the wonderful food, and honestly, neither should you. We've been in a few times now for more gyros and various other things and  have never, not ever been disappointed. The owners are really terrific, I have to say. You can tell they are proud of their food, and they ought to be.They're also friendly and accommodating. In fact, my bf called over the other night right before they closed and they actually held the store open for him so he could get his gyro. He's not impressed by much. He was impressed by that. So -- don't be put off by the location (which is actually kind of novel, if you ask me) and just go for the food. You will NOT be disappointed.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/4/2012,137,174,8,7,7>Did my dreams come true or did I die and go to cheese dip heaven?  For as long as I remember, I would order fajitas and also cheese dip to pour on top of my fajitas.   Well, Tequila's is a restaurant after my own heart and has this amazing entree titled "Fajitas Acapulco."  Now, this is my heaven... cheese dip sizzling in a cast iron skillet with tender steak, bell peppers, and caramelized onions.  Tequila's delivers heaven right to my fat-ass self.  The skillet comes out sizzling with cheese dip bubbling.  The steak is covered in cheese dip.  Covered.  The onions are covered in cheese dip. The peppers are covered in cheese dip.  It may sound pretty gross to the normal person, but to a cheese dip connoisseur like myself, this sounds like my wildest dream come true.  So, 5 stars for this dish that somehow went under my radar until recently.  Also, 5 stars for the waitress always knowing what I am going to order before I order it.  I love this place.  I uploaded a picture of the cheese dippy goodness.  Ahhhhhh.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,11/3/2012,560,980,4,10,9>Our group came here for dinner before heading over to see Stomp.  Osteria Marco has been near the top of my list of restaurants that I want to try, for some time now.  I am very glad that I was able to enjoy some lovely food here.  Those of us who did not drink wine got out of here for just under $20 (including tax and tip).Our sixth person could not make it, so to honor their absence the five of us decided to split six items.  (yeah, that is believable and makes us seem less gluttonous).  We split three Panini, and three Pizzas.  From each set, I had a "Winner", a "Runner-Up", and a "Loser--wish I had ordered something else".THE PANINI(Winner) Wild Boar Sausage: Caramelized Onions, Fontina, Creamy Horseradish Aioli.  This was a very nice and earthy sandwich with good flavors.  For me, it was the caramelized onions (of which there were plenty) than made this my top pick (by a narrow margin).(Runner-Up) Lamb Meatball: Arugula Pesto, Smoked Pepper-Tomato Jam, Goat Cheese.  This was the most popular panini at the table, and it was easy to see why.  The lamb meatballs were tender, flavorful, and not at all gamy.  There were many complimentary tastes going on, and I would recommend this sandwich to anyone.(Loser)  Cubano: House Cured Pickles, Ciccioli, Prosciutto, Provolone.  We almost ordered something else, and I wish that we had.  The pork on this is cooked in duck fat (which sounded great to me).  But, I found the pork to have a very off-putting flavor and an unpleasant mouth-feel.  This dominated the other tastes on the sandwich, and was the worst bite I had at dinner.  Conclusion, don't get a Cuban sandwich at an Italian restaurant.Each panini was accompanied by a small arugula "salad" (most likely just arugula dressed simply with lemon and olive oil), but it was quite delicious and I polished off every last bite.THE PIZZA(Winner) Prosciutto San Marzano: Fresh Mozzarella, Prosciutto Di Parma, Arugula Salad.  Over the past couple years I have become a total "arugula-slut".  I just cannot seem to get enough of this peppery green.  I like it on sandwiches, in salads, as a garnish, and I think it is the best pizza topping since someone put animal flesh on a pie.  This was an excellent Prosciutto and Arugula pizza.  In my mind, it was even better than the similar pizza offered by Marco's Coal Fired Pizza, but not quite as good at the one served by Via Baci.  They had generous amounts of Prosciutto, and the arugula "salad" was piled in the middle, waiting to be spread about.  I recommend this pizza without reservation.(Runner-Up) Margherita San Marzano Tomato, Basil, Mozzarella.  Although this is the most traditional Italian pizza in the world (literally), I generally find it a bit boring.  This one was packed full of basilly goodness, and was quite delicious.(Loser)  Carbonara Pancetta, Egg & Pecorino Toscano.  We ordered ours with two eggs on it.  I loved the concept, and I really enjoyed my first few bites.  It was creamy, rich and flavorful.  That was while it was hot.  As it cooled off, I enjoyed it significantly less.  The flavor and texture seemed to suffer as it approached room temperature.  My advice would be that if you order this pie, eat it first, and eat it fast.They have chili oil for dipping your crusts in.  However, it was so mild to my palate, that I did not really see the point.  The crushed red peppers were quite fiery, and the shredded cheese was "fresh" and sharply pungent.The dining space in this underground establishment is quite nice, even if the chairs are somewhat uncomfortable (a woven chair seat with raised corners).  Our service was excellent up until the very end, when I think it took about five to ten minutes longer to pay the check than it should of (a minor complaint, but a pet peeve of mine).
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,11/2/2012,306,1103,4,11,6>I've finally found a great brunch spot in the DTC!Ok, not that I've been on a hunt for one but still, I'm happy about the Delectable Egg.It was actually a little cool outside which was perfect because they have two patioareas, one in front and one on the side. You can sit out there without feeling like people are right on top of you and the service is quick here. Once we sat, our server was right there and spot on from that point after. Their coffee is strong and fresh and they give you a mini carafe to keep at the table which gives them brownie points in my book instead of having to flag down your server for a refill.Once I saw a variety of Eggs Benedict on the menu, I knew what I was having (even though they had pancakes topped with candy such as M&M's, that is what I really wanted but didn't want to go into sugar shock). I ordered the Portobello Road Eggs Benedict which was basically a suped up version of the traditional with tons more veggies like Portobello mushrooms, zucchini, peppers and onions and on a whole wheat English muffin. It was fantastic and I appreciated that not only do they offer whole wheat vs white english muffins but also the extra veggies in it. All in all, it was a pleasant experience and I can't wait to go back and try other dishes. If you live in the DTC area be sure to check out your mail, they send coupons including a much sought after BOGO!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,11/1/2012,175,855,6,6,5>When it comes down to the eternal struggle of pie vs. cake, I must admit I lean more towards the pie persuasion.  Cupcakes, being that they are portable and on the go have taken over, but now us pie lovers have a handheld sweet treat that we can take on the go!  I tried the Pie Truck today at Civic Center Eats (which also has cupcakes since they are associated with the cupcake truck & Cake Crumbs).  I wasn't exactly sure what I was going to get, but was pleasantly surprised with a nice big hand held pie with a sugared crust.  It comes in a paper sleeve and is easy to eat on the go! I tried the Cherry and it was wonderfully tart with just a bit of sweet.  They had everything from blueberry, to apple, to peach.  It is such a fun change!  I am happy it is in the food truck universe - it is a yummy addition.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/31/2012,37,188,3,12,8>Ever since the first time I went to Native Foods, I've been pretty much... addicted.  I love having an all vegan "fast food" restaurant in Boulder where I can get my fix.  It mimics the rest the of the restaurants in the 29th Street mall, order at the counter and they bring you the food to the number on your table.  The staff is really sweet and even the food runners are always more than helpful.  They all seem like really happy people that want to offer good service.  And they have a rewards card that accumulates points every time you go.  Last time I was there I got a free drink with unlimited refills! yay. The food is delicious.  However, there are some dishes that are much better than others in my opinion.  The Chili Cheese fries and the Nachos are a must try.  They're pretty big to share with the table. I don't think you can go wrong with a burger or the soups.  The Chicken Run Ranch Burger, the BBQ Love Burger, and the Reuben are my favorites.  A couple of dishes I'm not a fan of- Bankok Curry Bowl, and the Veggie Pizza.  The bowl lacked flavor and I wasn't at all impressed, and the pizza was really just roasted veggies on top of bread, no sauce!Keep in mind when you order that the dishes and sides are separate, including the burgers.  One thing I do love about the place is that they have daily specials and if you order the special you get a free side.  I love the sweet potato fries.  The drinks are so good too- I don't usually drink anything besides water but I love the lavender lemonade and watermelon fresca.  They are fresh tasting and not too sweet. Before you leave you must try a dessert.  The cupcakes are so moist, unlike a lot of other vegan cupcakes out there.  If you're an icing person you'll be in heaven, the cupcakes are always topped with icing about twice the size of the cake.  They have this rare flavor called cardamom rose, it's interesting.  My bf couldn't get into it, but I thought it was pretty good. Even if you're a staunch meat lover, give Native Foods a try.  You may be surprised with the culinary delights that  vegan cooking has to offer.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,10/30/2012,93,249,3,6,4>Being half Polish, I'm always on the lookout for good food like my babcia used to make.  I'm happy to say that I found some that could pass muster at the Belvedere.The restaurant decor features wood and lots of it.  The effect is decidedly Eastern European, and fittingly so.  The waitress serving us for the evening was the only one for a while, and although the place wasn't full, she had to hustle.  The restaurant also lacks air conditioning (at least, it wasn't on while we were there on a very warm evening), so dress accordingly.Our friends had ordered a meat platter and some smoked salmon before we arrived.  The variety of sausages were delicious, and stacking the salmon with the toasted bread and thinly sliced cucumber was divine.  I ordered a glass of cherry-flavored Polish wine with dinner.  For someone with a sweet tooth, like myself, this was the perfect drink.  It had a consistency that was a little closer to a cordial, and the cherry flavor was really smooth, with no aftertaste.For dinner, I had the golumpki (ground meat and rice wrapped in cabbage leaves and topped with tomato sauce).  These were, in a word, awesome, mainly because they were quite close to my babcia's recipe.  They were also quite filling, and the side of highly buttered, roasted red potatoes took up whatever space was remaining in my belly.  Time to loosen the belt!I'd love to return to sample more dishes.  I think I'll wait until the weather cools down a little, though.  Eating big, filling meals in a restaurant without air conditioning when it's over 90 degrees was, in retrospect, not the ideal choice.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/29/2012,683,1119,8,7,7>As a true pinball fanatic, my first entry into this dungeon-like bar was much like what I envision my inevitable walk past St Peter and through the gates to heaven. There before me were gleaming electro-mechanical angels ,lit and ready for the insertion of my ...quarters.And the machines they have here are not just the new titles from Stern (the only manufacturer left in the USA making pinball machines) Here you'll find older title like Addams Family and Terminator. Williams and Bally's are both represented. And the machines were in prefect repair, immaculate and clean. No small feat for complicated machines of this age. My only complaint is a lack of superstar titles like Sacred Stiff and Cirqus Voltaire.As one transgresses to other parts of this pulsating chasm, you'll find thirty or so games from the early age of video games. Frogger, Tron and Centipede along with the original PacMan.The clientele is an odd mix. Buff DB's with military cropped hair and burlier-than-thou attitudes. One can smell the 'roids in the air mixed with cheap cologne, natural musk and faint talcumed body order. There was also a preponderance of beer bellied 50 somethings. What a mix.The women were delightful. A bevy of cacklers, high on PBR and peach schnapps, no doubt. Some short-short hotties perched on high wedges displaying their derrières in a pleasingly provocative welcome . And faux biker chicks with their aging boyfriends, obviously investing in that guy with blue collar sensibilities (and mullet) and a white collar income. And here and there the lost doe eyed Lodo deer, with gazelle like legs and a 22 inch waist.The food is hack bar. What else would you expect?  But anyone who knows Jon Taffer would understand my advice: Call the "Deep  fried mushrooms" , "Tempura ' You can add a buck to the price and sell to more women. While I enjoy a woman eating a hot dog as much as any guy, sell some more finger foods so ladies can look cute eating. And speaking of ladies, the bartender I had was pretty, attentive and kind.And to the asshole who played Little River Band on the juke box six times, (and I know who you are ) NEVER DO THAT AGAIN! It's not time for a "COOL CHANGE" you son of a bitch! " Lastly, If you're a serious gamer, get here between 11am and 8pm. Otherwise, its too crowded to enjoy.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,10/28/2012,119,122,5,12,10>I feel like I've died and gone to Valhalla.Do you like craft beer? Do you like Black Sabbath? If you answered 'yes' to one or more of these questions, then get thou's blasphemous ass to Denver's best-kept secret: TRVE Brewing Co.As an enthusiastic 'YES!!' to both of those questions, I'm ashamed to say I hadn't even heard of this metal  until a Yelp mate suggested it last week. I wasted no time getting here, eager to try out the brewery's unique concoctions. The soundtrack was a major plus, but based on the tongue-in-cheek metal aesthetic, this blackened bar is more inclusive than you might imagine. Upon entering, expect to be greeted by an enormous hardwood table, fit for a viking banquet. Seated here, you'll find a surprisingly un-wretched hive of hipster scum, longhaired villains, and 'regulars'. In other words, while I wasn't the only guy with a band shirt, I'm sure wasn't the only one who has to wear a tie to work, either. The walls are adorned with tasteful, printed (blasted?) landscapes by local artists.  And it's really only back at the bar that you'll be soothed by the likes of High on Fire and Eyehategod on the stereo. Fearful patrons, worry not. It's not too soft, not too loud...just right.To the surprise of no one, this is where I spent the remainder of my evening. It was also at the marathon-length bar that I discovered the two elements that make TRVE a decidedly festive brew venue.First, what we all came to see (taste): the beer! The owners brew all their own stuff, and they aren't afraid to get experimental with the recipe. This Saturday, they had three tastes on tap: a floral India white ale (Hollow Idol), a smooth Belgian American ale (Wanderlvst), and my personal favorite, Prehistoric Dog. The latter was a salted wheat ale, and from first sip to last drop, was a taste unlike any beer I'd ever tried before. Sweet, savory, and surprisingly addictive. Coors Light fans will be severely disappointed in the adventurous and memorable notes of all the beers here.  But craft junkies are sure to find something worth carving into your flesh for next time. Besides the exotic suds, the other ace in the hole at TRVE is the service. I am the type of guy who A.) doesn't like to sit at the bar, and B.) insists on a business-only relationship with the person pouring my drinks. That said, I had at least a brief conversation with all four tapsters on deck. The demeanor of these folks is more down-to-earth than you might expect, and they show a lot of pride in their work. They're the kind of people who can wax fondly about their favorite Facedowninshit record and set an unruly patron straight after an uncouth comment to the female waitstaff. Saw it happen. Note to misogynists: drink yourself stupid at home!This blend of cool and collected attitudes was especially evident when talking to Nick, TRVE owner and Amon Amarth aficiando. His face lit up with delight when talking about the place; not only the beer, but people's reception of their coulda-been-niche place on Broadway. Nick acknowledges that his business has the difficult task of uniting CO's thriving beer community and the less tight-knit metalhead culture. But like Kuma's Corner in Chicago, what they're doing is good enough to get noticed by the square community, and so business is booming.Because their operation is still finding its feet, there's room for TRVE to grow. Their hours are limited to Wednesday through Saturday nights for now. They just can't brew it fast enough to stay open longer! The limited selection of drafts (three at a time) make for easy decisions, but will surely leave some patrons wanting more. It sounds like their operation will expand to include more taps before the year is out. Also, the lack of food options might make for a short stay, but I have a feeling the Pommes Frites truck out front isn't moving anytime soon. In spite of a few limitations for the time being, the bottom line is that TRVE is starting a fire in the enormous, sometimes musty cathedral of Colorado brewing. They get four horns up for the creative small batch, awesome service and laid-back decorum. Against all odds, the soundtrack was just the icing on the cake for a salty Slayer fan like me. So next time you're craving a craft brewer that takes its beer seriously and its customers however they are, be TRVE to your BRE\/\/!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,10/27/2012,58,139,8,5,5>How the hell is a girl supposed to lose any weight with a place like this around?I mean, seriously.  I could eat, like, one of everything in the case, every time I go.This place is amazing.  Do you like pastries?  Then, you like this place.  No, you love this place.  I promise you.It's a small place, and every time I've been there, there is a constant flow of customers - with good reason.  The Neapolitan is STUPID delicious.  The other day, I wasn't in the mood for sweets, so I had a spinach and cheese croissant.  You know how a lot of times it's just a croissant with a tiny bit of whatever filling is promised inside?  And, you feel let down?  Not this one - this one was stuffed full of spinach and delicious cheese.You must go.  You must go and then try to pick just one thing.  Just try.  I dare you.  It's near impossible.  You will ask them, "What's this thing with the chocolate on it?"  "What's this horn shaped thing?"  Don't even bother asking, just buy one.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/26/2012,217,97,15,11,6>Let me start this review by saying the food here is 5 stars.  Why only four stars?  I will explain henceforth.This place is the kind of sandwich joint I patronized growing up on the east coast.  Staffed by an Italian grandma and gang, their food is fresh, delicious and reasonably priced.  The menu is limited, offering a small assortment of sandwiches.  My favorites in order: Sausage (stop thinking of course HE loves the sausage sandwich), Meatball (seriously stop that), Italian #2, Italian #1 (you're disgusting).  The bread is fresh, tasty and perfect.  The deli meats are sliced per order.  You can have any sandwich dressed with a variety of peppers (hot and sweet) and any standard sandwich condiments.  The hours are crappy and the line is always long.  If you get there too late in the day, you won't be able to enjoy their succulent sausage sandwiches. One more thing to note- They use gloves to prepare your food, but they might as well not even bother.  They touch money, raw sausage, AND your sandwich without ever changing gloves or washing their hands.  Grandma even uses one glove and one bare hand half the times I have been in there.  I am not even sure what that does. If what Julio T. says is right- the place will shutter its doors forever in the next year.  That is a real shame, because this place is awesome.  Get there now, know the risks, and enjoy that tasty sandwich.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,10/25/2012,342,357,2,9,7>Love Love Love H&P!!!  Our group of friends have quickly become regulars of this place.  Tons of amazing brews on tap and delicious pizza...it really can't get much better then that!  My husband and I decided to join the Beer Club our first visit there.  Perks include happy hour prices on slices and drafts every visit, 3rd draft is free on Sundays, and 50 cent drafts on the 2nd Sunday of each month.  I believe we paid around $60 for the club, and have definitely made that money back in savings so far!  Definitely worth it if you frequent the place.Not only do they an extensive beer selection, but their food is outstanding...especially the pies.  They have a variety of high quality and unique toppings, such as smoked pulled pork, linguica, beer braised brisket, and even house smoked tofu.  I highly recommend a pie with their blackberry BBQ sauce, pulled pork, and jalapeños.  Trust me on this.  I'm also a fan of their Garlicky Cheese Bread, and my friends love their House Honey Roasted Nuts.  Not only do they have amazing pizza, but their sandwiches are pretty damn fantastic as well.  They have a new Build-Your-Own sandwich menu that you check mark the ingredients you want on it.  My husband ordered a sando on whole wheat bread with smoked tofu, and it was outstanding!  A great option if you're not in the mood for pizza.In conclusion, do yourself a favor and run immediately to H&P if you like good beers and delicious food....and who doesn't like that?!?
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,10/24/2012,152,243,,11,4>Our wedding cake was absolutely beautiful and I was surprised with how much I loved it. Niwot Florist supplied the flowers and Das Meyer did the arranging and decorating. I know people don't like talking about how much they spent on their wedding, but when I was researching I always wanted to know the price. We had three tiers and three flavors: berries in a cloud, chocolate caramel, and carrot cake. Since these were all specialty flavors they cost a little more. The total for 100 servings with delivery to Boulder cost us a tad over $500. It was completely worth it. I can't wait to get our (included) one year anniversary cake!P.S. You do have to pay for your cake in cash (or check) so be sure to keep that in mind.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,10/23/2012,194,576,,10,8>I am in no way an aficionado on Thai Food, I can't really tell the difference between what is authentic and what's not, I just know what tastes good. However, when my co-worker who is from Thailand says that the only place she'll get Thai food from is Thai Diamond Cafe? I pay attention.Our party of four ordered the following to split:  Fried Kabocha Squash and Satay to start and Kabocha squash red curry, Beef Pad Se Ew and Pad Eggplant for our mains. We ordered the dishes hot. I am glad we did and didn't order"Thai Hot". Hot was more than enough spice...and I like my food spicy!My favorite was the Fried Kabocha Squash! It's wedges of squash dipped in batter and deep fried and served with a tangy sauce. I probably could have just had that and been a happy camper, but the Pad se Ew was also outstanding and the curry and Pad Eggplant were also tasty. My least favorite was the Chicken Satay, I felt it was rather bland and I won't order it from there again.I actually think that Thai Monkey Club is still my favorite as it's close to where I live and I can get it delivered. However, Thai Diamond Cafe is close to my job and I will definitely return when I need to grab a tasty lunch.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,10/22/2012,702,888,8,13,16>As if I didn't already have a burning desire to move to this neighborhood, MHS just made salivate over the prospect of moving over here even more. This place is up my alley. Maybe it was because we were here on a Tuesday evening, but there were only a few other patrons other than the people playing in the newly started Tuesday cornhole tournament (prizes ranged from bottles of booze to bar tabs for the winning team). But they mostly stayed outside and we had the long concrete bar almost to ourselves, which was great because we were able to chat up the friendly and helpful bartender as well as learn a lot about this cool spot. The first thing that I learned surprised me - their Fireside Whiskey has been aged for four years! It was smooth and delicious and we took home a bottle. We also sampled their mixed berry infused whiskey which was a little too sweet and syrupy to me upon first sip, but did seem to mellow out a bit and apparently it's even better mixed with something like soda. They also had four flavors of infused vodkas available: pineapple, mixed berry, cucumber and pickle pepperoncini. As soon as I saw pickle on the menu, I ordered it in both a dirty martini and a bloody mary. Both were savory, spicy and amazing! I'm not sure which I liked more, so I hogged both until my husband ordered something else to drink. We tried a moscow mule with cucumber vodka and the combination blew my mind in spite of my intitial concerns that it was going to suck. Lastly, we tried a pineapple press with half soda and half ginger ale, at the bartender's suggestion. Again, I loved it! Not too sweet but fresh, light and a little bit fruity. Basically, everything we tasted was awesome, not to mention strong. Hard to pick a favorite, honestly.Their HH runs 4-8pm with a dollar off drinks, but the drinks are already very well priced at $4 for spirits (vodka, rum, whiskey and gin so far) and $7 for martinis, mules and bloodies. On top of that, the interior was cavernous and extremely cool with extra tall warehouse ceilings, whiskey barrels aging, a ginormous garage door that opens to the street, coffee tables, couches, barstools, loungey chairs, cowhide rugs, slick poured concrete and industrial lighting. The fact that they have a grassy outdoor "backyard" area for games is too cool. Their bottles of Elevated Vodka run $18 and Fireside Whiskey $23. Both have great label designs. I think they are in the process of being able to sell their infused varieties also.I read on their FB page this morning that they will offer a $3 make your own bloody mary bar during football season this fall. Looks like I just became an NFL fan ;) They also do pub trivia on Wednesday nights from 8-10pm. They seem to be setting into the neighborhood pretty well. I hope to join them soon.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,10/21/2012,161,150,,5,4>I was so pleasantly surprised by this place.  I love my Thai food, but after talking to the bartender, they don't necessarily view themselves as a Thai restaurant, but rather a restaurant that uses Thai flavors in their food.  The original Phat Thai is in Carbondale and was apparently hugely successful, so they opened a restaurant in CC.The menu is pricey, but the food is so good.  PS - if you're ordering their curries or noodle dishes, they're big enough for 2 people or 2 meals, so it kinda justifies the price.I ordered the glazed crispy pork belly with watermelon.  It had cubes of pork belly, cubes of watermelon and slices of pickled watermelon rind topped with Thai chilis, cilantro, Thai basil, and lots of other goodness and it honestly was one of the best dishes I've had in Denver.  I also got a side of their shishito peppers which were also phenomenal.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,10/20/2012,121,458,1,7,4>Hey secret library door that opens up to a bar! Made reservations here at 9:30 and got promptly seated when our whole party arrived. You walk through this door that opens when you push on a wall of books.  VERRYYY chi chi.  The bar itself is dark and has an old timey feel. Drinks are listed under the alcohol of choice and the service is amazing.  The server asks for your name at the beginning of the night and proceeds to address your name as the night goes on. Now it's a speakeasy...don't expect your drinks to come out in 5 minutes...it takes about 15 minutes to get your drink so ensure you invited friends you actually enjoy when you come here. The drinks were delicious but the booths are TINY. Overall it's a cool bar, great hipster (pretty lights, mumford and sons, etc) music, and chill vibe. May I say that I do enjoy Green Russell more?
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/19/2012,285,768,4,9,11>My favorite. This is seriously my favorite place in Denver. I love it for brunch, for happy hour, and for dinner. I love everything about Root Down. I love the design of the restaurant. The open kitchen is so much fun to watch, if you can't get a spot on the patio. And the patio?! Guess what...I love that too! It's got an amazing view of Downtown, and since it isn't in Downtown it feels open and airy, not all blocked off by neighboring buildings.  The park across the street adds to the ambience and feel of Root Down's patio.Now, for the best part...the food!! You just can't beat it. It's top notch. The quality is impeccable, you can taste it through and through. Root Down keeps it as local as they can, and even have their own gardens.  Everything is so fresh.  And the dishes are so creative. I can't describe just one dish because I've tried so many, and they all leave me saying it just doesn't get any better.  I will say that for dessert I love the truffles and bubbles.  Usually buy the end of meal I am too full to even look at the dessert menu, but the truffles and bubbles is perfect for me. It's 3 homemade truffles and sparkling wine. This combination is perfect for that after dinner crave for sweet, and the wine is paired so well. It's not filling, so it hits the spot.  And backing up to apps, the sweet potato fries can't be beat. Raw food night on Monday & Tuesday is well worth the money as well. And the best part, is you don't have to make decisions! If you're a Libra lie me, you will appreciate this!I could go on and on about my love for this restaurant, and I could certainly rave about every dish and the flavors that keep me coming back,  but for review purposes, know this: Root Down Rules. You can not go wrong. From service, to ambiance, to values..cocktails, brunch & dinner, you won't get any better in Denver. Make the reservation and you will see.  I will forever support Root Down!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,10/18/2012,410,321,6,11,9>For the ultimate authentic experience: choose to go on a sunny, hot afternoon to have dinner outside, bonus points for an early dinner for getting extra smog, car noise, fluorescent light flickering on a neon painted wall, and a abandoned adult movie theater across the street. As my friend Dan commented, felt like we were in Thailand eating off the streets.As for the food, it's awesome! Not your typical favorite Thai restaurant you are used to; Thai Monkey Club offers a range of Thai dishes, and maybe a few non-thai, common pseudo Asian things, like 'crab cheese wonton', 'wonton soup', everything else is Thai. Awesome veggie/animal protein ratio, level of heat is awesome, they advertise 0-6 and we got 4 and 5 which were very good, and they use fresh Thai chili peppers instead of dumping a bunch of red chili flakes.We got:*Papaya salad (Heat level 5), awesome flavors, tamarind paste was definitely present, and lots of fresh lime juice, this contrast made this salad very bright. Heat level was awesome, though it made Kat cry... of joy!*Shrimp Pad Thai (Heat level 4), this is not your regular ketchup based overly sweet pad thai. Noodles were cooked perfectly and seasoning was great, lots of veggies, eggs, and prawns. *Panang Curry (Heat level 4), like Kat mentioned, a bit over powering on the lemongrass, but other than that flavors were good, and lots of bell peppers.*Pla Rad Prik (No option for heat level), two whole medium sized tilapias marinated in white wine and tamarind, covered in a sauce filled with garlic, peppers, shallots, fish sauce, and palm sugar. It reminds of a homemade sweet and sour sauce taste.*Sweet Sticky Rice Mango, awesome dessert to finish our experience.Definitely my favorite Thai restaurant in Denver, for its amazing food, authentic atmosphere sitting out, $2 Singha beers, very friendly wait staff, clean restrooms, price, and location! Why do delivery when you can get a whole new experience dining in?
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/17/2012,190,322,18,13,14>A strange thing happens after you visit Bayou Snack Shack...visions of Po'Boy sandwiches consume your thoughts. You lay in bed at night thinking about the delicious blackened catfish filet. If you finally fall asleep, you dream about the amazing chewy, buttery bread and the tangy coleslaw that tops the sandwich. Finally you give in...you drive way out of your way towards this mecca of creole goodness. As you get closer your heart races...your mouth waters. What is going on with me? Do they put some exotic narcotic in their seasoning? BSS is tucked back in an unassuming strip mall near Smokey Hill High School. The temporary sign is already weathered after just 3 mos of being open. I think BSS must do this to keep a low profile, because if everyone knew what has hidden inside here, they may never be able to close their doors.I can't decide if it's good or bad that I live almost 30 miles from this place. All I know is that I thought about that crazy sandwich almost everyday in between my first two visits. What I love: -Catfish Po'Boy Sanwich-Free freshly popped pop corn.-The incredibly friendly and gracious owner. -Free Wi-Fi. -That it's 30 miles from my home so I am not temped to eat there everyday.What I don't love: -That it's 30 miles from my home so I can't eat there everyday.Thank's to fellow Yelper Mark T, for recommending this spot. Reason #816 I freaking love Yelp!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2012,10/16/2012,38,216,4,8,3>I gotta admit, their "Tap Burger" (with fried egg) changed my life, and just might be the best burger I've ever had. High praise.Standout burgers are all about the details, and they got the details right: Bun was perfectly selected and toasted... burger was seasoned and cooked just right... the combination of the burger, the egg, the onion ring, the cheese, and their amazing pulled pork, everything came together in an incredible package.  Almost unintentionally did my best When-Harry-Met-Sally impression after every bite.And the fries--which at first glance seemed undercooked and soggy--turned out to be quite tasty too.On a previous visit we just had appetizers and the food was similarly good--Finally their craft beer selection is second only perhaps to Falling Rock (of which I'm not a fan due to their high prices and horrible service) and Oskar Blues L&S (which  is way up in Longtucky).So why only three stars? We've had... less than perfect service the couple times we've been there. But seems like they're trying. And on a Friday or Saturday "see and be seen" night in the Highlands, the place is excruciatingly loud and crowded.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,10/15/2012,97,80,4,16,6>I came here for dinner with a date and I was impressed! I had no expectations of this place, in fact it was a surprise offer "Hey! Let's go to charcoal!". The place was impeccable. Clean lines and an industrial interior design to it. My date complained about the chairs being a bit uncomfortable. The place was very well lit, and this is nothing against this place, dimmed lights are my personal preference. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. Appetizers - We ordered the bacon wrapped dates - How can you go wrong with bacon? Of course, only deliciousness! We also had the Charcuterie, a small sample of cheeses, ham and homemade sausage, which was YUM! This could have been enough for me. I was already full, however I had also ordered the grilled dry aged NY steak. The steak was perfect! Served on top of a fried tomato drizzled with a balsamic reduction. We accompanied our dinner with a nice glass of Gary Farrell Pinot Noir, perfect pairing! I love a good latte after dinner but was shocked to hear they don't have an espresso machine. What kind of European restaurant is this? Hence the 4 stars. This will not stop me from coming back. I won't say no if invited again.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,10/14/2012,50,73,4,5,6>I love love love the Denver Zoo. The staff are friendly and always eager to answer any questions I have about the animals. Plus I've heard that they're one of the most (if not the most) green zoos in America; they use recycled water for their landscaping and recycle everything they can. I'm sure they do other stuff, but I just don't feel like looking it up at the moment.It seems like every time I go, which is a lot since I'm a member, they are always working on some new exhibit or habitat and the animals seem to get rotated, for lack of a better word, quite often. I don't know if it's to keep them from getting bored with their surroundings, so they can make improvements or to just keep things fresh for the visitors. Whatever the reason, I like it. And have you visited the new elephant passage? Yeah, it's pretty amazing...and HUGE. Go check it out if you haven't been in awhile.My favorite part is that you don't have to eat the zoo food. I love to pack a picnic and eat while watching the sea lions or some other equally entertaining animals. You just find a good place to cop a squat and sneak your bread crusts to the birds (feeding the wildlife is frowned upon).I don't know why you're still here reading this when you could be on your way to the zoo already. I mean they even built a whole parking structure for the extra visitors so you really have no excuse...
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/13/2012,131,377,5,11,13>If you visit H Mart for the first time and the questionable fish smell causes you to reconsider, don't...you're in the right place. You're likely here because you're tired of the one overpriced hoisin sauce that King Soopers offers, or this is the 3rd place you've tried to find lime leaves at. Your quest is finished my friend.Lime leaves, long green beans, Asian basil, Thai peppers, a half dozen or more Thai curries, a bazillion different soy sauces (OK, I may have overcounted by one or two), bulk rice...and I've only scratched the surface. This place has EVERYTHING. You'll not only find what you need, but frequently wonder "What the hell is that?". If you like making Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Indian, or any other food import, H Mart is your one-stop shop. I like making some unique Thai dishes, and they have everything I need. I especially like buying the bulk Jasmine rice, which is so much cheaper.The downside is that the produce can be a bit low quality at times. The last couple Asian basil bunches I've bought have gone bad in about a day. This isn't always the case, however. I have also experienced shortages of the things I need, such as the special curry that I use. But you're not going to find it anywhere else, and they usually have what you need in stock. If you can't find it, it probably just means they're out at the moment.Service has always been friendly, and the people watching while shopping is fun. The place can be kind of overwhelming with all the options (many with poor translations in English), but that can be part of the fun. Plus you'll be getting a much better deal. So definitely make this your first stop when firing up the wok the next time around.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,10/12/2012,158,145,,7,11>What a gem this place is!  I have always been a breakfast kind of girl, but this place makes me just want to eat breakfast all day everyday.  The pastry treat that you start the meal with is always fun.  you never know what you're going to get. Cinnamon roll?  Pumpkin bread? Who knnoooows! But it's always yummy.The sweet and savory crepes are both equally good here.  The savory are made with buckwheat flour and are served with greens on the side.  The sweet are all over the place with ingredients, but all are interesting and delicious (that i've tried :))And the coffee?  French press deliciousness.Makes me want to head on down there right now!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,10/11/2012,73,96,4,11,9>Börk Börk Börk!But seriously, Trillium is a uniquely fantastic addition to the Ballpark Neighborhood. From the simple yet modern decor, the bar 'in the cloud', to the floating fireplace, everything about the look of this place is great--and the culinary adventures don't disappoint either. The wife and I have been for dinner once, and to have apps and drinks a few other times. Each time we've tried something new--the seasonally-changing menu is a perfect mix of american familiarity and scandinavian tradition. Portions are well-sized, prices are fair, and the happy hour menu is outstanding! Lots of delicious-sounding cocktails, several featured wines, and although not a huge beer selection, a great mix of choices ensures there is something for everyone to be had. In a time in Denver's culinary development where every new restaurant seems to be some take on tired pizza, Trillium is a fresh change, and a welcome addition.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,10/10/2012,212,239,4,9,13>We adopted our Leeloo here. She is our Fifth Element, our Supreme Being. (The fifth fur-kid the ball-n-chain and I have rescued in our years together). She is perfect. When we adopted her July of 2011, thanks to David S.'s recommendation, she was just over a pound and tiny. The vet said he doubted she was a full eight weeks and she was a tad underweight but she had been spayed and her little baby belly had a little tiny stitch in it which healed nicely. She had a little bit of a goopy eye that she got drops for and it cleared up. Our vet gave her the initial exam for free because she was a rescue and gave her a clean bill of health. We began the fatten-up-baby-Leeloo project and now she is still small, but her proper, almost adult weight.Let's just say, she is the prefect match for our family and my heart is warmed every single time I see her especially when she crawls on my chest to wake me in the morning to point out the fact she is a Supreme Being - the Fifth Element and needs chicken. I hardly remember life without her now.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,10/9/2012,188,277,6,15,11>I like weird places. You know..British pubs that serve surprisingly good Pakistani food. A downtown bar where white-collar mixes with blue. A dingy bar that has hand painted murals on the back of its seats.British Bulldog is weird. But in a mostly good way. I like the draft selection, especially since it's one of the few bars in town that has Strongbow on tap. It has really good service. The food is a bit expensive, but definitely tasty. I love the kabob with the spicy sweet tamarind chutney. The fish and chips are also good, though I'd wish they were a bit more generous with the cole slaw.The menu is wonderfully bizarre with Greek, Pakistani, Indian, English, American and southwestern dishes all included.But as an old fast-food commercial said, "Weird is different. And different is good."
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,10/8/2012,320,975,2,6,6>Before our trip to Golden, I ask Hubs if we could have an early LUNCH so I suggest Frijoles Colorado Cuban Cafe.  He said OK.  Was here on Thursday March 15th 2012.  Time was : 11:00hrs ish.  We queue to make our order.  Unfortunately, they ran out of one of the Empanadas, I was eyeing for.  *Sad Face*Then we ordered these :*  Empanadas Guava & Cheese ($2.50)*  Pan Con Bistec - Steak Sandwich ($9.25)*  Palomilla a la Plancha - Grilled Steak with moro and maduros ($9.50)If I am not mistaken Hubs opt for the Grande Cafe con Leche ($3.00) as his beverage.  We are lucky enough to grab a seat in this tiny establishment to enjoy our lunch.  We waited for abit for our order to be ready, and if I am not mistaken, the Owner of this establishment sent the food to our table.I like my order of the Guava & Cheese Empanadas.  I just wish, it could be bigger, or if I could order more...  My Oh My!  I did not expect my lunch order to be that HUGE.  I mean with potato sticks, I like.  The bread, the steak, the flavoring.  All in all I like my order of Pan Con Bistec.  Hubs like his order of coffee.  Just like the kind he is used to at the "Border" when he was in MEXICO. From Hubs feedback, his order of Palomilla a la Plancha is indeed filling, though he does not fancy the plantains.  I like the plantains coz its sweet.  But I dont really fancy the rice and black beans since I am not a rice and black beans kind of girl.For this all in all our experience dining here is 3.5 stars and with the service, I total it with 4 stars, and gladly to say, I am a FAN of Frijoles Colorado Cuban Cafe.  Hope to return when needed and perhaps the next time I come over, I hope to give them a call in advance about the Empanadas the savoury kinds that I have been eyeing.@42/2012
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,10/7/2012,186,551,6,5,5>While I've stopped in here a few more times and gotten the same great service, the same ridiculous pours at cheap prices.  I did want to add that they now have food onsite, and it's actually pretty damn tasty.  Now, if you look at the menu, it all looks like the most unhealthy stuff a human could consume, and it probably is.  I had a couple corn dogs and tots along with my super-size me shot and PBRs (cause it was happy hour) and they were actually pretty good!  (corn dogs being possibly the "healthiest" thing on the menu, but the tots were very good?)  Anyway, I'm pretty sure they added food because they got sick of people throwing up from the ridiculous pours.  Anyhoo, good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, and good night.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,10/6/2012,263,617,5,9,9>Z Cuisine serves 5-star French food with 5 star service. Too bad they're located in a 3 star space, but really that's just unfortunate, and not something that takes away from the rating the place deserves.If you've never been there, we're not talking about a fancy setting. Come in jeans or hipster clothes, this neighborhood place has no airs about it at all.The best things on the menu? Whatever they're serving. Really. Everything is excellent, and that's a sign of a great restaurant; to make every dish, every day, superbly.Until recently, I'd usually ordered the cassoulet, which is regularly on the menu. It's kind of like my addiction to chocolate. I really do want to try other flavors of ice cream, it's just that when standing at the front of the line and ordering, if they have a dark or bittersweet chocolate I just can't imagine anything better in my mouth, so I order it again and again and again.This time my sweetheart and I went crazy and ordered their foie gras and hot goat cheese / pesto salad followed by their boeuf bourguignon and the sliced tenderloin. The meal was incredibly delicious. It simply could not have been better (and a reasonably priced Chateau Millegrand at $40 or so a bottle was a very good match).  Loved the server. Loved the food. Loved the experience. And you can't get better than that. P.S. They're so small, they don't take reservations; but you can while your time away at their next-door bar, and that's a fun way to wait for what will be one of Denver's best dining experiences.  Bon appetit!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,10/5/2012,245,483,13,24,20>Wait!  This place has been open for over a month and only has 2 reviews?  Yelpers, you are all sleeping on the job.  While the Pretentious Douche Cafe has received over 500 useless reviews, this place is out in Aurora kicking ass and taking names.  Soul food people, check it out!  I had some smothered pork chops, amazing collard greens, and surprisingly delicious okra (warning: this is not for everyone) that left me licking my plate.  However, my wife outdid me by ordering their crispy, juicy, flavorful fried chicken that, unlike Colonel Sanders' original recipe, is actually finger licking good.  Yeah, I got a taste, but I was really tempted to run off with her chicken, leaving her behind in the parking lot.  But I was a nice husband, stayed and let her devour her chicken while I watched longingly.  This meal was washed down with a wonderful cup of sweet tea and a mega serving of peach cobbler.  I need to come back to try their huge selection of sides, catfish, and banana pudding.  If you aren't too familiar with this kind of atmosphere, don't fret.  The owners are sticky sweet and create a really comfortable atmosphere for people from all walks of life.  You can also tell that they take real pride in ownership and have great way of interacting with their customers.  So now you know...and knowing is half of the battle.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,10/4/2012,80,442,4,6,5>I dig this place. Pizza = yum. Good beer = Yum. This place is yum squared.I was there for a birthday party of like 30 people, so the service was.. well overwhelmed. That said our gal (didn't catch her name) was awesome. She stayed on top of all the open tabs, and didn't (from where I was sitting) seem to mess any of them up.I'll be back. The meat lovers pizza, and fried Cheese curds are callin' my name
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,10/3/2012,190,292,12,9,8>Loved it. Loved it, loved it, loved it.After hearing rave reviews from a coworker, we decided to make a Friday lunch out of it. And frankly, if I'm writing a review for the place within an hour of returning from lunch, you know it has to be good. Because I'm lazy. And a procrastinator.SO GOOD. My dining companions had slices of "The Works" and the stuffed veggie, respectively, and I tried their green chile pizza. The green chile pizza was good, don't get me wrong, but it was a leeeeetle oily for my liking. HOWEVER! I got to try a bite of the veggie, and I swear I'm going to convert to whatever religion worships that particular dish. I might have seen Jesus when I tried a bite of that pizza. If folks can claim to see the Virgin Mary in a tree in New Jersey, than yes. I can see Jesus in pizza.Good atmosphere, good food, good location. This is where I drop my glass and walk away. Bam. That just happened.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,10/2/2012,639,447,4,17,11>You know, I think that we, as a society have been missing out on properly prepared pasta. Too often we settle for semi soggy or sticky noodles, especially when we're grabbing something for lunch or a quick dinner. After eating at DiFranco's, I'm never settling again. I had the penne pasta with a prosciutto vodka sauce. The pasta was al dente. Initially, I was a little surprised because I had come to expect pasta that was overcooked (I know, I'm obviously eating int he wrong places), but once I dug in, it was delicious. This place is perfect for lunch or a light(er) dinner because the portions aren't huge. They're just right for a really filling meal that won't send you spinning into a food coma. Oh, and save that piece of bread on the side there, because you'll want to use it to scoop up the leftover sauce when you finish your pasta. If you eat the bread right away, you'll be faced with the agonizing decision to leave the remaining sauce or just pick the plate up and lick it. I also had one of their Italian sodas. It was Strawberry Lemonade with a hint of, I think, basil or something (I'm bad with spices). SUPER sweet and tart, which is the way I like it. If you prefer more subtle Italian sodas, that's probably not the right flavor for you.The space is open, modern and airy and I think it's a modern twist on the fundamental principle of Italian food: simplicity can be delicious.This place definitely does simple right.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/1/2012,345,277,,8,11>I've fallen love with Linger.  I had to make reservations 6 weeks in advance for a Saturday night seating.  A week before we were scheduled I wanted to add 2 more to the seating so I gave them a call - they were happy to accommodate the increase in the party.  I figured it would be a hassle but far from it.  The person that I spoke to was delightful.I went to dinner with my husband, Dale Z and Jennifer B.  Jennifer listed all of the items we had so I'll for-go repeating that.  Although she did the Devil bacon wrapped date bites.  These were far tastier than expected.I wasn't hip-hopping on the tacos but I absolutely loved the Chili Paneer, Masala Dosa and Mee Krob.  Who doesn't love a perfectly cooked poached egg that you mix in with rice noodles.  The one item that I didn't think I would like at all was the Masala Dosa (yellow curried potatoes with English Peas - neither of which are my favorites) but....this was done perfectly.  It was a masterpiece to look at and then you bite into it and it had the perfect blend of curry and peas.  This might just convert me.I can't rave enough about the staff.  You can stop anyone, even someone who isn't your waiter and they will help you.  There is no giving you fluff or say oh wait let me get your server.  You ask someone for it and a few minutes later it appears.  Our waiter was knowledgeable about each item on the menu.Daniel Asher is a true genius when it comes to flavor profiles and paring ingredients.  My suggestion is that you go here with a group of friends, but only take those willing to share and order one of everything on the menu.  Ok, that might be a little extreme but for 4 people could order 8 to 10 items and get a good sampling of what Linger has to order.  Be brave, take a chance and order something you might not normally order - it could wind up being your most absolute favorite on the menu.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/30/2012,177,337,8,8,7>Geeks of the City Unite! And meet me to get krunk at the 2up! Talk about a complete 180 from the previous bar! The 2up brings me back to my youth. Yes, I was drinking in my youth so the party may as well carry on...The biggest advice I can offer is to BRING CASH! All the games are coin-op and you would think having cash on hand is a no-brainer. But c'mon, this is Colfax and when you just want to pop in to check it out, cash will be needed. Start a tab at the bar and they hold BOTH your card and your I.D. so an ATM visit at that point is impossible.I found the staff to be polite, the bartenders not heavy footed, the clientele sexy in that "Talk Nerdy to Me" kind of way that you can only find in the city. The big key is to be patient while someone else is playing the game you have your eye on. Yes, I waited about 20 minutes to play the Star Trek The Next Generation pinball game and it was worth every second!Expect a lot of people, a lot of noise and a lot of spilled booze. Wear your trashy shoes cuz this is the Fax. But, there are a few seats at the bar and a wide variety of Colfaxians to chat with. Nostalgia is alive and well in every single game. I'm sure there are a few you haven't played before but give it a try, with a drink in hand, and soon you'll be a pro. It's just that simple.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,9/29/2012,809,1185,5,4,8>Went to my first Justice League Food Truck event this weekend and among all the amazing food trucks was this single guy behind a food cart selling Popsicles.  On a extremely hot Denver day he had a solid line and some very interesting flavors.I started with the Mango Cilantro, not the best in my opinion, I didn't get an overly cilantro taste which I was hoping for, sadness.  I wasn't deterred in my Popsicle quest, so I went back and tried the Blueberry Lemonade.  I really enjoyed the Blueberry Lemonade, delicious and frozen treat handmade by the Popsicle Angels.This was not the best part, the best part was the Popsicle Cheryl had, which was the Coconut Curry, I know it sounds crazy but it was the most amazing Popsicle of the night.  Aiko Pops is making there mark on Denver and they just found another stalker - ME!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,9/28/2012,2089,519,17,17,16>Cowabunga!!!Sweet Cow makes a pretty good ice cream. I never heard about the hype since I'm new to the area but I was glad to have stopped by after having my fill of food right next door. Wanting to settle the stomach and have the kids play around out front, I went over to grab some cold treats for the family. I was greeted and asked for recommendations. Thinking that a cup of ice cream was the best bet for a rookie, I tried two flavors and finally settled on 2 kids cups of cookies & cream with rainbow sprinkles and a double (for the preggo lady, of course) with chocolate banana and cookies and cream. I can't pass up my usual C&C when given an option.The chocolate chips in the banana flavored ice cream was good if your into that combo but I did enjoy the C&C a lot more-naturally. The base is a blended cookie ice cream instead of being pain vanilla and had little helpings of actual cookie bites. Yes, I would have loved more cookie morsels in the mix but it was still darn good going down the hatch.The shared grassy knoll is a bonus and super kid friendly. It's such an easy place to fill tummies and entertain the family, so long as you aren't counting your calories or sugar intake. ;)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,9/27/2012,99,235,,10,6>What's been around since 1937, and still is holding it's own?Bastiens Restaurant!What I really like is their Fried Chicken, down home Fried Chicken! You know those times when you need some really good comfort food? You know what I mean. Well, Bastien's is the place to go! Steaks - their sugar steak is excellent! They also have hamburgers, fish, salads, and wonderful desserts. It's all good, no kidding! Their bread "twigs," are excellent too. These are on each table, in a small vase, and they look like part of the decorations. You are given butter to dip them in, and there are flavored butters too.  Very, very good, and very addictive.The atmosphere goes back to the 50's and the Rat Pack.  Wonderful music playing in the background.  The shape is unique, an octagon, and it's just a nice place to be. The bar is also a nice place to relax., watch a game on the tv, and just veg out. Go try it out, but bring your credit card, as it's a bit pricey, but worth it.Nostalgia, good food, and good times. You can't go wrong!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,9/26/2012,110,737,1,8,6>I really have no complaints about Euclid. The wife has been wanting to go here forever and we finally made a point of coming here after a show at Denver Center.We were seated quickly in a booth in the bar area on a Saturday afternoon, which was nice. The bartender was our server and he was very attentive, constantly coming over to check on us. They actually had their happy hour on a Saturday afternoon, which was awesome. Their beers are normally around $5.25 each and on happy hour they were $3, which means it's practically 2 for 1.We wanted to try a little bit of everything, so the bill was a little pricey at the end. We had the fried cheese curds, a pickle sampler plate, and then shared the steak poutines and the sausage sampler. Way too much food and we by far didn't clean our plates, but everything was just stellar. Top quality food and everything came out super quick.We ended with the S'mores pot de creme, which was a great combination of marshmallows, chocolate, cream and a graham cracker. It put me over the top, but was well worth it.I'd come back in a heartbeat!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,9/25/2012,315,429,1,8,7>I've heard about Argonaut for years and years but never had a need to go; a liquor store closer to my apartment has always served me well.  But that all changed when I needed to find some Funkwerks brews without having to go up to Fort Collins.  Enter, Argonaut!I grabbed a little cart and darted over to the beer coolers.  I was really impressed with the selection of local brews!  As I was keeping my eyes peeled for Funkwerks, I snagged two six packs of Upslope for the journey.  It took me a little while to worm out FW, which was not in the coolers, but on the shelves adjacent to them.  This is where you'll find beers in bombers.While I was only here for beer, I glanced at the liquor and wine selection and was impressed as well!  If you're looking for something special or specific and don't want to make the trek over to Applejack, Argonaut will certainly do the trick!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/24/2012,33,116,4,5,8>I spend my weekends slashing through the woods in search of private swimming holes and rare flowers, take a paperback with me everywhere, never wear eyeliner and don't listen to music that beats much faster than my heart. And I love Beatrice and Woodsley.In my book, it beats out the other unique restaurants in the city for the amazingly whimsical theme and story it incorporates into everything from the cocktails to the rustic entrees. I love that it only holds a small, intimate crowd and has service on lock-down. It's a complete picture, every element ties into another so well. Oh, and the bathrooms. I've never told so many people about a bathroom.Our most recent visit was for a private party downstairs, which is also beautiful and private, but maybe not as magical as the aspen grove upstairs. The service was gracious for our small party as we ordered a variety of their amazing small bites; crawfish biscuits, cheese plate, sweet breads. I loved the lamb entree. All-in-all, their flavors remind me of tastes I imagine when I am reading about lavish, imaginary dinners in fiction, bringing to mind words like fluffy, buttery, savory, golden, tender, fragrant, earthy, etc.We were surprised when boyfriend's duck something-or-other came out as a duck burger. Calling it a duck burger would have been a bit simpler than the long-winded description recited to us by not one, but two different servers. But we appreciated the story.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,9/23/2012,48,105,1,8,4>Love this spot. In fact, I'm sitting at their bar right now. And guess what? I"m not worried about my battery dying, cause they have outlets for my laptop plug right underneath the bar!! This is a great place to get some serious work done. In my experience, many coffee shops in Denver have great coffee, but not necessarily good food. This place has it all. Oh yea, they have booze, too.Everything I've ever had here has been awesome. I love their tomato basil bisque, their caprese sandwich, smoothies, and such. My boyfriend just ordered a blended mocha and I snuck a taste. It was phenomenal. I opted for a fruit smoothie because let's face it, it's 8pm and I'd be awake until 4am if I drank a mocha at this hour.I was happy to see that they had kale chips on the menu. I am a HUGE fan of all things kale. However, I'm not as big of a fan of their kale chips as I am my own. Theirs aren't as crispy. I will say that their dipping sauce for the kale chips is better than any concoction I've made at home. So, they still pass my test.Definitely will be here again. Especially when I need to get some serious book or laptop time in.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,9/22/2012,103,577,4,12,12>This place is amazing. Cheesemazing? Awesome? Cheese Heaven? All of the above, really.Cheese is pretty much my favorite food group so I have been wanting to get up to Longmont and visit this place for quite some time now. So glad I did!When you first walk it, it throws you off a little because it is like walking into a French cooking shop with Le Cruset and Olive Oil bottles everywhere, but then you walk just a little bit further and then you find out why you really came here - the cheese freezer! Well, okay, it is more of a whole cold room than a freezer but you get my point.Cheese from the U.S., France, Italy, Spain, Greece, and pretty much everywhere else they make amazing cheese! You will find it here and it comes in reasonably priced and sized (priced by the weight, much like at Whole Foods) things of cheese. We even brought our own cooler for the car to bring it all home in, since it was 100 degrees the day we ventured up here. We purchased about 5 different kinds and are saving them up for special occasions. We have already nibbled up 3 of them and they have all been great so far!Be sure to read all the descriptions on the signs near the cheese or even on the cheese - the owner goes to great lengths to describe all of them and where he first experienced them, ect. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,9/21/2012,242,830,10,11,12>I have to love someplace that actually brews and pulls real coffee and espresso.Hipster?  True.  But it's Denver.  That's to be expected.  So I grab it and go.  But if you're so inclined, it's a chill little space to sit and nonchalantly yet somewhat ironically discuss music and poetry that nobody's probably ever heard of before.   And that notwithstanding, this is some Legit Coffee.I am absolutely guilty of going to that S*place waaaaay too often, but each visit only reaffirms my love for good quality, properly prepared coffee and espresso.Happy Coffee does that for me.Echoing what Amanda said, they pull a perfect latte.  Just enough creamy foamy milk to make the entire drink disappear quickly without overpowering the latte with foam (which would be a cappuccino.  I'm a latte girl.)  I asked for and got Vanilla Flavoring (I like a little sweetness in my brew) and it was flavored just right.The Man devoured his Iced Mocha too (I told the Barista that he wanted something cold and chocolatey and left him to it.)  He drained it, so it seems it was good.Pricing was in line and service was friendly.  (Goodbye Aloof Baristas of some of my other haunts.)Happy Coffee makes me... Happy.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/20/2012,500,166,13,22,25>Have you eaten yet?No, wait - I'm not trying to get in your business. See, the sentence I just uttered is in fact a popular greeting in many parts of the world - for example, in the Malay language, one might say "Sudah makan kah?" or something akin. Well, looky there - that ties in rather nicely with the subject of this review, the South Pearl Street gem Makan Malaysian Cafe.An extension of Wee Bites (the catering service run by the ever-cheery owner, who hails from the southern regional capital Johor Bahru), Makan has flavors for every palate. Sip a bracing Teh Halia (frothy black tea with ginger) or an Aussie-style "flat white" coffee (with oodles of steamed milk) while you gaze longingly at the menu before you. Don't those Curry Puffs (flaky pastries stuffed with the chicken-potato concoction called Kari Ayam) look appetizing? Or for you folks who like your starters rolled up, why not try the sausage-egg-and-veggie crepes known as Popiah, sided with a bowl of zesty Sambal Belacan (chili and dried shrimp sauce)? Why yes, they do indeed have the chicken and/or beef skewers called Satay here as well - thanks for asking!Ready for more? How about Roti Telur - layered flatbread (a bit similar to the Indian bread known as Paratha) stuffed with a fresh egg, then griddled and served with either chicken or lentil curry? Maybe the spicy rice noodle dish Mee Siam, brimming with beansprouts and plump shrimp, is more your speed? But we can't forget about the seafood soup called Laksa, whose rich coconut broth may inspire you to make sounds as-yet-unheard in everyday parlance. And those are just a few options to consider.Then, why not cap things off with a selection from their fantastic dessert offerings, all of which are made on the premises? I really, really like Kuih Lapis, with its individually-steamed pale pink and green layers of rice flour and coconut milk. But there are also pineapple tarts, or pandan-leaf-flavored crepes, or even the coconut-dusted rice balls called Onde-Onde, filled with Gula Melaka (dark palm sugar) to appease you.So let me get this straight... after all that, you still haven't eaten? Well, I'll bet I can guess where you're heading in a moment! And who knows, you may also soon find me there.Makan? Whoopee!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,9/19/2012,79,217,2,7,8>OK they are finally open!Having driven by this place for the last three months I was eager to check it out for three reasons1. It's close to my place.2. The selection looks interesting and I couldn't pronounce any of them ... I used the point method of ordering.3. German beer in Colorado ... Win/Win  ... Good Hell, they brought the equipment from Germany, that's commitment!Prost did not disappoint, the tap room was fun and classy.  The staff knows their stuff and can translate from German beer language to American beer language.  I often heard ... "I like wheats or darks, what should I get here?"  This was most often followed by "Oh wow, this is really good"!  There are a few benches outside to enjoy when the weather is nice.  I have a feeling this place will catch on real quick and start to get busy in the summer months.  It's kind of off the beaten path but worth checking out.  I really liked the Weißbier , the banana/clove flavor works well.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,9/18/2012,90,221,6,5,10>This place is awesome!!!  I drove by this local joint a couple months ago and was very intrigued by the diveyness of its outside appearance.  Lucky me, I didn't forget about it and stopped in for a cold one and some lunch the other week...DELICIOUS!!! I had one of the best burger's I have had in Denver and my lady tore up some pretty tasty tacos.The bar was fairly empty at 1:00 on a Saturday, aside from what appeared to be the local drinking crew putting in their usual eight hour day.  I personally love that type of company so I welcome it any day of the week!  The music was good, and there was plenty of TV's to watch any sport that could have been on. I highly recommend anyone hitting up this place.  Also, it looks like they have a bevy of things going on during the week and weekend nights, which I would be all over if I lived closer.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,9/17/2012,28,104,3,8,5>Let me start this review with saying that I'm not a fan of sweet stuff for breakfast - I'm a die-hard savory breakfast fan. However, I was getting some work done on my car earlier this week, and needed to work while I was waiting. Enter Waffle Brothers right down the block. The smell of waffles hits you before you walk into the joint, and heaven almighty does it smell good. I stopped fretting about forgetting to put on perfume that morning, as I thought eau de waffles would do me just fine. I ordered the BreakMest on the Original waffle and subbed avocado for the meat (poached egg with cheese on a waffle, plus avocado). It was definitely a trip, but despite all of the tasty ingredients, it was actually too rich...as in I'm a regular member of the clean plate club and couldn't finish the second half of this! The waffle was light, sweet, and crunchy and would have been absolutely perfect on it's own, but combined with a cheesy covered poached egg plus avocado, I was in over my head. Regardless, I'll definitely head back to try the waffles again when I'm craving something sweet, or maybe a more standard breakfast sandwich. Also, props for the cute coffee shop vibe and friendly staff!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,9/16/2012,208,396,3,8,5>If this bar were in my neighborhood, I would be here ALL THE TIME.  Based on recommendations from friends, whose opinions I trust, I decided to host my birthday party here even though I had never set foot in the place before.  I'm so glad I have friends with great taste, because I can't imagine the party going any better or being any more fun.First I have to give a bit shout out and thank you to Jodi.  She responded to email quickly and was very helpful in setting up the details for my party.  I had originally planned to have my party elsewhere, but had to change venues and was super stressed out about finding a new place in time.  Jodi made everything easy and was super nice.  I also have to thank Sudy (one of the owners) for personally showing up on party night to ensure that we had what we needed.  He ensured my DJ had a good place to set up and even offered us drink specials for the night.I really like the vibe of this bar!  It's very laid back and fun.  The main bar area has the garage roll-up door onto the street, which was perfect on a nice August night.  I think it also helped attract more customers on my party night because you could hear the fantastic music down the block :)  And, there was plenty of space at the front of the bar for those of us who danced the night away.  In back there is a fantastic patio with a bocce ball court.  I'd like to come back and spend more time in the back playing bocce ball and drinking beer.  I know my family members really liked it out there.I stuck with vodka for the night and my drinks were on the strong side and quite tasty.  They also seemed to have a decent selection of beer on tap, including my beloved Guinness.  They do not offer any food - they are strictly a bar.  But, the upside to this is that they are totally cool with you bringing food in.  We brought some snacks and cupcakes for my party and some of my guests even ordered a pizza.  And, I've heard that sometimes there is a food truck in the area.I had the best time on party night and can't wait to hang out more at this great bar.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,9/15/2012,92,352,,13,4>Did a geographic search near my new address.. this came up and the featured review was by the guy who knows Aurora and knows ethnic (Mark T.)  No doubts, I called and ordered just by using his English list on Yelp and asking some questions:  pork buns (no frozen junk here), crispy duck (whole!), the spicy Chinese long beans (green beans),  shrimp with lobster sauce, the curry chicken, and the sesame balls.  Everything was great, it smelled like Chinatown in NYC, and next time we're going to eat in with a crowd.  I had to drive to get it and wait but they put it in a easy to carry cardboard box and it was nice and hot upon arrival.  Definitely great. Also the beef and tendons and the hot pot style fish looked fabulous, that's on my list for next time.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,9/14/2012,43,40,,7,6>There are so many wonderful things about Rioja.  The menu always offers a good variety of choices, all very inventive and delicious.  It's a bit pricey (pastas are around $20, entrees averaging $26) and the portions aren't large, but each bite is full of flavor.  It's one of those restaurants where you feel satisfied because you've had an exemplary meal which forces you to eat slower, more deliberately, and savor each bite.The atmosphere also really adds to the experience.  Service is always tight and professional, and they really help make your dining experience much more special.  I appreciate that.  It is also under the lights on Larimer Square, and the patio (whether day or night) makes for great people-watching or a romantic view of the twinkling lights.I've been here three times, so I'll summarize each of my experiences:Dinner - A lobster and gnocchi dish were each on the menu.  After spending some time in Italy and loving the combination of lobster and gnocchi (gnocchi aragosta), I asked the server if he'd try to combine the dishes for me.  AMAZING and one of the best meals of my life.  The lobster was buttery, the gnocchi soft, and I love the olive oil and balsamic flavors on the freshly picked heirloom tomatoes.  Too bad the menu is seasonal (which is almost always a good thing), but I really miss this dish =(  I will say, though, I was impressed the chef worked with my custom request and made a beautiful dish!Brunch - For a few more dollars than you'd spend at Snooze or some other popular brunch eateries around town, Rioja offers a less-busy, less-crowded, and elegant alternative for weekend breakfasts.  I had the pork belly with French toast and eggs.  Add on some of that wonderful cheese bread that comes with each meal, and I was a pretty happy girl.Dinner - I had the lobster pasta special (with vanilla flavors and grapefruit pieces accompanying the dish) and not only was it tiny with 4 small, dumpling sized pieces (I almost thought I had ordered the appetizer-sized version by accident) but the flavors didn't complement each other at all.  I was disappointed in this one (especially for around $30), but the concept seemed like a good idea and it won't deter me from trying other dishes.  This dish dropped my overall score to a 4, but I'm happy to try Rioja again and see if I can have another 5 star experience!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,9/13/2012,394,368,4,7,9>Whenever I want a firm reminder of why Denver is so awesome, I look no further than the Denver Bicycle Cafe.Fact of the matter is, they've managed to combine 3 of my favorite things in the whole wide world and have done so with flying colors: 1) bikes, 2) coffee, and 3) beer. Who would'a thunk that'd be an epic formula when everyone was busy trying to master just 1 or 2 of the above?It's also just right off the 16th Street bike path, making it a comfortable pit stop for anyone going towards or away from the park, grabbing a small bite nearby, or just simply curiously exploring the neighborhood. Damn, everything is so chill here. Makes me wanna grab a beer and coffee while pumpin' up some tires.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/12/2012,389,548,9,14,16>Okay, okay.  Considering that Star Bar is pretty much my favorite, it gets five stars.  I love that we always run into someone we know here, even if it's the only other people in the whole bar.  I love it when the bartenders get a bit of a 'tude when a drunk group wanders in up from LoDo and orders "top shelf" vodka and cheap, lame beer.  I love it when we're sitting in a booth and all of a sudden a rockabilly band starts playing.  I love that their jukebox is a mere 50 cents a play.  I love that they didn't serve green beer on St. Patricks day, thus keeping the idiots out.  I love that they never have the same beer on tap in any two visits (except when your visits start getting closer and closer together).  I love the fact that we were there one night and there were open containers of coconut milk and aloe vera juice for beer cocktail experimentation.I guess I just love YOU, Star Bar.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,9/11/2012,397,602,6,8,8>HOLY.I love me some encased meats. This place was not a disappointment. I finally got to come here and try this place out last weekend.  I was happily surprised to find out they serve all their dogs on fancy baguette bread instead of your typical hot dog bun fare.  I got the SW buffalo sausage which came with red/green cabbage mixture, cherry jelly of some kind and some queso fresca.  The chips that came with were delish and homemade, and I seasoned them with ranch and season salt.  My friend got the mac and cheese kid's dog (Hot dog with bits of mac and cheese in it!) as well as the chicken sausage. I got to try both and was pretty impressed with the mac n cheese dog- never seen anything like it! I must say my favorite was the SW Buffalo but I'll be back to try the TJ dog next time.  The place is small but there are a few tables to dine in, as well as a counter area and outside seating.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,9/10/2012,476,701,7,9,14>I've been eye-balling this place for years and just couldn't find my way down here before they closed. 9:00pm is too damn early for a taqueria! We were taking the pups for a ride since they'd been cooped up all day and the open sign was LIT!!! Well, guess what? They have summer hours and are open 'til 10:00pm now! Sorry pups, you're gonna have to hang in the car for just a... taco or three. Hmmm, not cheap but cheaper than the couple quasi street  style tacos I had a couple hours earlier at Socorro's annnnd they had chips and salsa annnnnd they let you put your own salsa on your tacos (doesn't everybody?)  annnd...   'Scuse me? Uhhh tacos de Alambre' please and un cerveza de tecate. Alembre here is kinda "the works" taco with melted cheese on top. Damn tasty!  Why the hell would you patzquaro when you could Mexicana? To each there own I guess.Coolsville!  I finally found the spot I like and in the 'hood I grew up in. Just a block from the high school I gradiated from into this un-sentient being. Eur-friggin'-reka.aside: This concludes my 100TH MEXICAN RESTAURANT REVIEW! ! !    My work is done.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/9/2012,331,569,4,8,10>I've received so many compliments about the food served at our wedding reception.  And, I mean, I should because I spent all morning on the day of my wedding slaving away in the kitchen.  Yes, of course, I'm kidding.  I only have Epicurean to thank for the delicious food! As the husband and I are big fans of brunch, we thought it'd be fun to have our wedding reception revolve around our favorite meal.  We had biscuits with sausage gravy, french toast stuffed with whipped cream cheese, piperade with vegetables, beignets, bacon, potatoes and yum and yum and yum.On the day of our wedding, Epicurean executed everything, everything from set up to the cocktail hour to the brunch, perfectly.  They arrived at the wedding venue not just on time, but 30 minutes early.  By the time I arrived, all of the chairs and tables were set up and dressed beautifully.  They coordinated all of the rentals (chairs, linens, etc) and all of the liquor for the bar and they handled all of the event set up and breakdown.  I didn't have to lift a finger!We worked with Wesley (Senior Event Designer) in planning our big day and he was a pleasure to work with - one of the most personable people I've ever done business with.  Admittedly, there were a few times during our planning that I got a little nervous that something may get forgotten, but my worry was pointless because Epicurean was all over every last little detail.So pleased with both the food and the presentation!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/8/2012,254,118,,7,8>Carne asada burrito, mmm! Green chili, mmmm!WOW!  That was amazing!  For $6.00, I got a HUGE burrito, smothered with green chili, melted cheese and shredded lettuce to top it off.  The steak was deliciously seasoned, the chili is one of the best I've ever had, if not the best!  Great flavor with just a bit of heat.I've lived blocks away for several years and have thought about trying this place out many a time.  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Why the long wait?  It is, after all, on forebodingColfax.  My daylight outing was almost uneventful, but I would never even think of going with the moon shining.  I do love great food, and this place makes it, BUT, I value my life.  Minus one half star for the sketchy location.  I rounded up.I'll still go back, though.  I haven't tried everything on the menu yet!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,9/7/2012,33,358,4,6,5>Excellent quality fresh and healthy ingredients arranged logically and displayed well, with a wide variety of spices and sauces you add yourself prior to grilling. Nice place; we'll be back often. I find this idea of Mongolian cooking interesting, leading to the question, 'do Mongolians really cook this way?' The answer is no; Mongolian cuisine consists of dairy products, meat, and animal fats with Chinese and Russian influences today. You'd find grilled mutton more common in the Mongolian countryside; this iron griddle approach is closer to Japanese teppanyaki.Genghis himself probably never ate this well either, though I'm sure tenderizing meat by hanging between the galloping thighs of a Siberian pony imparted its own special tang, back in the day.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,9/6/2012,280,107,8,10,12>I am actually writing this review on the Acrocats. This is a cat circus. This was my first experience at this venue. Who would pass up a cat circus? The venue had a theater setting. I was so compelled, and being new to this town, I heard a murmur blah blah cat circus, I invited myself, how else am I going to make friends or enemies. I thought I had almost seen it all, now I am that much closer to have seen it all. It really was wonderful. It was for a good cause and super hilarious.  Who knew that there was a traveling cat circus. It was something not to be missed. I am of the adventures type. I enjoyed the heck out of myself! I highly recommend seeing anything hat you may not normally see on a Friday night! Something that may not sound awesome because you just never know! Plus all the cats are rescue's and the money goes to a good cause, I thought it was really fantastic! Thus the five stars, it saves lives of animals!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,9/5/2012,232,372,16,9,10>Me:  Hi, Honey!Him:  Is that Sweet Action on your breath?Me:  Uh, well...um, it's...er, maybe.Cheating on your diet with Sweet Action is one thing, but cheating on your husband with Sweet Action is slightly more complicated.  I try not to stray, I really do, but once I start thinking about all that dreamy delectable ice cream that tastes like it was made with an old fashioned hand crank machine on a gourmet chef's front porch on a sultry summer evening, I just can't help myself.  The flavors are subtle and pure. The texture is light and creamy.  And the prices?  Less than $3 for a single scoop portion that is very satisfying indeed.  Surely you can understand my dilemma?Don't get discouraged if the line spills out the door and onto the sidewalk.  It will move relatively quickly but you'll need that time to look over the ever-changing menu.  There are plenty of friendly employees working the counter offering samples, answering questions, and efficiently moving folks on through.  Kudos to the fabulous owners for creating this organized and well-run establishment featuring some of the best ice cream I've ever eaten.  I'd love it if my husband and I could visit Sweet Action together every time but I just can't make any promises if I happen to be in the neighborhood and he's not with me.  All will be forgiven if I bring home a pint, right?
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,9/4/2012,154,335,,9,5>I have been wanting to try this joint ever since I had my last secret supper.  So when there was an amazing brunch/lunch deal going on I had to bite!.The server was very sweet. during Sunday brunch it got busy but she remembered our preferences when returning to the table and she also fixed a discrepancy on the bill without my having to point it out.The atmosphere was loud and rambunctious. This is not the place  for an intimate meal but as I didn't come here for that I was pleased by the sophisticated cafe ambiance.The food was hit and miss. Hits: The cinnamon roll was salty enough to cut the usually cloying sweetness of the bread. The bignets were nothing more then puffs of air. Hollow in the middle with a lightly lemon tinge they are nothing like the new orleans delight I have come to love but charming in their own way.  The the scrambled eggs are rich and cooked soft so those of you scared of a little .. creaminess ..  might want to ask for a hard scramble. the house made bacon was crisp and delish. Pan Perdue = bread pudding. Dense and rich it would suit the dessert menu as well as a breakfast. Their house cured salmon was a delight .. creamy rich and delicately flavored it melted on your tongue and left a burst of fresh aromatics in an almost floral tone. GET THE SALMON!The Misses: the three potato hash was ok. Since sweet potatoes cook at different rates then waxy yellow or purple potatoes the texture on the sweet turned almost too cooked while the others were slightly too firm leading to a great bite on confusion. It may have grown on my but I doubt it.  My lamb .. I ordered it medium and it came out rare. Really rare. Now I personally like raw meat on occasion and can tear up a tartar but this lamb was a little too gamey to enjoy rare so I brought it to their attention. And their response blew me away. They had it cooked again, redid my plate and apologized. They also sent the salmon as a appetizer while I waited. that is a class A response to an unhappy customer that went beyond my expectations. In the end the lamb was good but not to the level of the other disehes I sampled here so I would pass on it if I came again but I would get the salmon. I repeat ...GET THE SALMON!Overall? I will return because food will vary by the season so I know I'll find something I love next time and excellent customer service is always worth returning for.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,9/3/2012,614,1007,,9,6>The design is fantastic. Even the bathrooms are a work of art. The indoor outdoor seating is nice. Even with the hot patio sun, the seats directly inside the door were cool.The specialty drinks are so cool and so refreshing. Some great original mixtures. I am beginning to really enjoy gin. Thank you Gary Lee.The food items are original and tasty. The smoke flavor is mouth watering goodness. I tried a variety of items and each was distinct and cooked perfectly. I generally do not like sweet potato fries - they seem like an annoying trend, but these were salted perfectly and very flavorful - served with a sauce that I could have drank alone.The bacon wrapped poppers are now wrapped in prosciutto, and were F'ng hot. I never think restaurants serve peppers to the n'th degree of hotness, but these were throat burning, followed by the squeeze of a lime from the bartender with a short lesson on the scientific reason limes bring the heat down in your mouth.Talk about hard work paying off. This is one man's dream and it is a gift to the rest of Denver.Well played Gary Lee, well played!!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,9/2/2012,306,629,3,9,8>The hit-and-miss reviews have made us hesitant to try Ivy, but we had one aunt in town to take to dinner Sunday night so we decided to try it.  We were pleasantly surprised-- everything was great!What we had:--BBQ chicken flatbread: we shared this for an appetizer, and while the crust was a little too crispy, the flavor of the sauce, chicken, cheese and onions was great.--salads:  I had the house salad, and while it wasn't a standout, the basil vinegarette was nice, the greens were fresh and the pinenuts were a nice touch.  My aunt had the arugula salad and enjoyed it.  Salads are expensive here, but portions are huge.--spring gazpacho: my husband loves cold soups, and said this was one of the best he's had.  I tasted it and had to agree.  The cilantro flavor isn't overpowering and the avocado really adds a lot.--spaghetti: ordering spaghetti and meatballs here seemed odd, but I had a gut feeling and went for it.  Definitely the right decision.  Amazing sauce with chunky tomatoes and meatballs made out of sausage ground in-house.  This was the first entree at a restaurant I've finished in a long time, and I only feel mildly guilty.--filet: my husband had the filet and they cooked it to medium perfectly.  The red wine sauce was great as well.--roasted chicken: looked delicious and is what I'd probably get on a repeat visit.  My aunt said it was perfectly moist and that the risotto was done very well.The inside of the restaurant is nice-- classy without being overbearing.  We sat on the patio, where we could listen to the fountain and were kept warm by the overhead heaters.  Our server was a little bit overbearing but did a good job overall, and the host we had was quite nice as well (I actually think he was the manager).It's a little bit more expensive than the other options in Southglenn, but it's also one of the best places in the area.  Recommended.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,9/1/2012,210,385,6,7,6>Holy Meat Coma. My experience at Q Table was my first with KBQ (but check out me abbreving like a veteran!), and it did not disappoint. Having been given carte blanche to choose a restaurant for my birthday dinner, and having wanted to try KBQ for ages, I did a lot of Yelpy research before opting for Q Table. Yes, there are fancier, classier places out there... but I hear they skimp on certain things (no Kalbi included?) and-- hell, I'll just say it-- there's a trailer trash streak in me a mile long that just loves buffets. So, Q Table it was! First off, expect to wait. This place is mobbed. A good sign. Another good sign-- it's mobbed mostly by people of the Asian Persuasion. The hostess was nice though, and gave us an accurate wait time of about 20 minutes. Nothing worse than having somebody tell you 20 minutes, and you're still sitting there an hour later! These people are pros, though, and they know what they're doing. Oh, and if you have a kid under a certain age-- they eat free. I'm not exactly sure what that age is. One Yelper said "under 5," the hostess said, "he's under 4, right?" and the sign by the door said "babies eat free." So... um... yeah. Our kid ate free (which is super awesome). It's a little chaotic and crowded, but that's part of the appeal. If you're looking for a place for a quiet, romantic date night, this ain't it. If you're on more of a "let's have an adventure and try something new!" type of date, you'll have a blast. Of course, you can't be the "I'll just have a salad and water" kind of date, either. You're going to need to get your meat on. And please don't complain about "having to cook it yourself," because that's part of the adventure! Would you go out for fondue and whine because your server wasn't dipping it for you? Duh. We were rookies, and our server gave us a quick and simple rundown of how to do it, how long each meat took, etc. It was simple and fun.Regarding the meat: it was all good. The Kalbi and Bulgogi were mindblowing. I was also a fan of the spicy octopus. My husband ate his weight in the thin-sliced brisket and pork belly. And they let us take the leftover Kalbi rib-bones home for our dogs (it's kind of secret and you have to ask special for it... they'll actually whisk the bones away and pack them up in the kitchen, lest they bring you an empty to-go box and you sneak off with extra goodies). Also great: the sushi. I'm all sorts of pregnant right now, so you might think I'm steering clear of buffet restaurant sushi. You'd be wrong. They've got a ton of cooked and tempura'd options for those of us avoiding the raw stuff, and they're freakin' delicious. Totally fixworthy. I also ate about a metric ton of amazing seaweed salad... you know, 'cause you have to balance out ALL THAT MEAT with some sort of veggie action, right? When all was said and done, the three of us (kid loved the Kalbi and put down an impressive amount for the lowlowprice of NOTHING) were all suffering from Meat Sweats in the best way possible. It was fun, exciting, different, and we'll totally be back. If you're just a party of two, hit up restaurant.com for a coupon!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,8/31/2012,214,316,1,15,10>Wow, I was really impressed. I am not one for small plates, but couldn't decide on just one thing so our small trio ordered dish after dish of yummy Greek offerings. One was just better than the next. We ordered:Spanakopita (say that 2 times fast or even 1 time I dare you) which is filo pastry stuffed with spinach and feta, oven baked until crisp with tzatziki --so deliciousTheir hummus with carrots, celery, and warm perfect pillows of pita bread.Dolmades grape leaves stuffed with seasoned rice, onions, garlic, and pine nuts steamed and finished with a lemon basil cream sauce --I was reluctant to try this however it was quite delicious.I had an arugula salad which had a bright lemon dressing which I completely loved and a cup of the red lentil soup which was wonderful.My carnivorous buddies also shared the Arni Psito slow roasted Lamb ribs with garlic and rosemary, finished with ared wine balsamic reduction I can't speak to the flavor but the meat did just fall off the bone and they both devoured it. They also ordered the lamb sliders, but took them home as we already filled ourselves with the other goodies and really wanted to have dessert. For dessert we shared the made in house baklava which is worth whatever caloric cost and also shared some chocolate torte. Delicious!Apparently on Tuesdays they offer a few select wines for $10 dollars a bottle. Yeah this in no typo, ten dollars a bottle!! Whoo Hoo!I cannot wait to try an actual entree and am so grateful they offer veggie dishes. I highly recommend going here...perhaps I will see ya there!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/30/2012,137,262,,8,7>This store is worth the drive from Denver. It is such a cute not so little shop with tons of home and gift items, an amazing selection of Trollbeads and hold onto your hats--free cupcakes!There are a myriad of themed rooms according to decor that are literally filled with inventory. To be honest, I primarily am there for the Trollbeads and have only wandered around a few times, so my memory or how many rooms or what they contain is slim. They have an awesome fairy garden section where you can purchase ones that are pre-made, or create your own and add whatever accessories you would like. My daughter did a combo and picked one out that was completely adorable, with amazing lavender, succulents and a sweet little house with a wooden fence. The floral section is adjacent to the beads, so I have the luxury of watching what goes out the door and am impressed with their arranging skills. The Trollbeads are an awesome line that was the original bead line--not Pandora as many people assume. They hand blow glass beads with Murano glass and create their molds for the beads from wax. The selection here is incredible and it is such a fun store to hang out and shop.The staff here is amazing. Heidi, the owner, is hands on and there almost every time I stop by, which is frequently these days. It is definitely a family run operation, as I have also met her husband and son. Leah and Gerry are two other helpers who could not be more kind. I truly enjoy giving them business and highly recommend stopping in if you are in the area, or making a little trip if you need a gift idea.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/29/2012,226,218,4,9,6>What a wonderful, wonderful experience at Satchel's on 6th. Met some friends and colleagues there last week and was blown away by the food, décor and stellar service.Andrew, the owner, was behind the bar answering all our questions about the myriad of wines available. Normally I'm a red-only girl, but sometimes in the summer I'll seek out something cold, crisp and of the pinot grigio variety. Andrew recommended a great glass that I thoroughly enjoyed - a few times!Apps started with the fried green tomato with pork belly - SO glad I chose it. The combination of flavors and textures was spot on. Two in our group got the grilled squid salad, which was exceptionally tasty too. The only thing I didn't sample was the tempura crab, but word around the table was it was delicious.My entrée was pork loin with white wine poached apricots, grilled leeks, English pea puree and herbed spaetzle with pork belly. I think I found what heaven tastes like. I also sampled the duck, lobster tagliatelle and the flat iron steak. I think I was the clear winner, but the duck and lobster were not far behind.Topped it all off with some wonderful coffee and desserts - a strawberry shortcake and a chocolate concoction that was the perfect sweet ending to a great night.Satchel's has such a local neighborhood feel - with a great owner and a friendly and knowledgeable staff. I'll be back guys!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,8/28/2012,138,353,4,4,7>Wit's End puts the 'hidden' in the phrase 'hidden gem.' Actually it also kind of puts the gem in there too. But whatever, I digress.Wit's end is tucked away, but is absolutely worth finding. Make sure you study the directions carefully, or have your smartphone help guide you. Wit's is worth the extra navigation.With several beers regularly on tap, this self-described 'nanobrewery' focuses on creativity and passion in their brews -- and it's a goal at which they definitely succeed.Great friendly staff, fun place to hang out, and some really tasty brews. They're not all sessionable, but they're definitely all worth trying. I can't recommend the taster flight enough. See what's available, and then have one more pint before you go (and maybe a glass of water for good measure.)And as a side-note, I accidentally left my debit card there, and they found me via a check in on an app that competes with yelp for establishment check-ins and may be a number an a geometric shape, yet which shall remain nameless here, and contacted me to let me know I'd left it there. Polite, courteous, helpful -- can't say enough about it. I'm really not sure why you're still reading this, if I were you I'd be on my way to Wit's.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/27/2012,185,459,5,6,7>If Great Divide knows one thing besides how to make fantastic beer, it's how to throw a party!We congregated down here for their 18th Anniversary Party, and good times were indeed had by all - even the Yeti.  (Yes, there was a Yeti, I TOLD you they can throw down!)They provided free food ticket for a beer sponge, and tents all over with different choices.  However, once I tasted the 18th Ale, I was pretty committed to that.  They had lots of other originals as well, including a sour.  And high praise to the person who picked the bands to play, especially for the Knew and Bonnie and the Beard, who are one of my top 3 favorite local bands.  The music was just right for the mood and the day.  I wonder if they'll do a half-birthday  celebration in 6 months.....Cheers!!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,8/26/2012,147,167,8,8,5>I don't like deep dish pizza.  I'm a NY style pizza lover.  I feel that deep dish is just a lot of dough and it weighs me down. Not at Denver Deep Dish.  This place was kinda hard to find at first since it's not a standalone store.  It's inside The Bar Car and what better place to have a pizza joint than inside a bar?  Beer and pizza?  I'm down!The first time I went I wasn't sure about the pizza so I gave a personal pan 7" a try.  I ordered the bacon with pineapple.  I was expecting a greasy, doughy pizza but I ended up getting a light, clean sauce with almost fluffy crust that tasted really light.  I was thoroughly surprised!  Could I be a Chicago style fan?!  I think so!   I really enjoyed their red sauce on the pizza since I'm a huge tomato fan and they have little chunks of tomatoes all over it, it's almost an additional topping!  The crust is crispy on the edges and nice and almost chewy under the toppings.  They are very generous with their toppings as I found out the 2nd time I visited this location since the first time it was just a 7"... We ordered sausage, green peppers and mushrooms this time.  The sausage is not your typical rabbit turd size that you get from chain pizza stores like Mark P. had mentioned.  It's nice bite size with great flavors.  The green peppers and mushrooms are both hearty as well.  I thought the bf and I were gonna order a Medium and have some to take home... yeah, that didn't happen.  We killed the pizza in one sitting it was THAT good.I also tried the Mile High Meatballs too and it was definitely something I've never had before.. it's like a miniature balls of meat sandwich all combined together.  It's got sausage, cheese, spices and flour all rolled up in a ball served with some kind of lime chipotle dip.  Delicious!  If you're expecting a meatball you might be disappointed, but if you're expecting to try something new and actually love it, you're in for a treat! DDD also serves single slices if you are in the mood for just a couple slices or if you want try all different toppings on different slices.  One of the owners favorite is their pepperoni, pineapple and jalapenos... that's why it's also on the menu.  This is definitely not your $5 no wait pizza you get from yucky Little C's that only tastes decent as soon as you bought it. (And like rubber the next day you try to eat it.)  You might pay a little bit more for the gourmet pizza but you're also getting quality ingredients as well as tasting-amazing-the-next-day-cold pizza.  Oh yeah, they also have thin crust that's really delicious as well!  Go get yourself a pie from here, this is coming from someone who doesn't like deep dish.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,8/25/2012,36,123,1,6,8>What a great new place for Korean. We have not yet tried the grill-it-yourself kalbi or bulgogi but if their other dishes are any indication, this is going to be my new go-to Korean restaurant in Denver.   As many have pointed out, they have huge selection of banchan that comes with your meal; there are the usual suspects but then they keep coming and coming.  Honestly, you could have the banchan with a bowl of rice and that would make a really fine meal.   The portions are astounding; my family ordered four dishes; tobu jigae, roasted mackarel, grilled spicy pork, and a dolsot bibimbop.   The mackarel came with its own full size jigae/soup.  It was enough food to feed twice as many of us.  Even the fried dumplings (gyoza) were better than the usual Korean restaurant.   Finally, the service is really very good and friendly.  The servers are mostly young Koreans and they really seem to try very hard to please and are genuinely interested in seeing that you enjoy your meal; it's refreshing to see at an Asian restaurant.  If you've been to Shilla or Seoul BBQ, you'll notice the constrast.   All in all, the best new addition to the Korean dining scene in years.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,8/24/2012,560,980,7,3,7>Shall I compare D Bar to a summer's day?Desserts here are more lovely and more temperate;Impatient diners cake and shake the sweets of May,And d = mc2  hath all too short a date;Sometime too hot the ch churro shines,And often is rum and coke ice cream dimm'd;And every d bar soufflé sometime declines,By chance or nature's crème brulee untrimm'd;But thy bom bom POW shall not fade,Nor lose possession of apricot chamo ow'st;Nor shall the molten cake thingy everybody has wander'st in his shade,When in ice cream sandwich time thou grow'st:So long as milk and cookies be or eyes can see,So long lives this, and D Bar gives life to thee.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,8/23/2012,37,208,,8,5>Tocabe is great, straight up.  When I was a kid I frequently vacationed in the Wind River Reservation of Wyoming (long story), and always, always, always, ate fry bread.  Sometimes we would get fry bread at the Pow-Wow, other times at a carnival, often as a little hole-in-the-wall restaurant called Fry Bread Lonnie's.  All that to say, I like fry bread.  Although I haven't had the Wind River fry bread in some time, it feels to me as though Tocabe is a bit different.  This could be due to differences in cultural traditions, differences in ingredients, or even just my poor memory.  Either way, it seems a bit different.  However, this does not mean that Tocabe's fry bread is not delicious.  They are one of a number of restaurant's who have simply re-applied Chipotle's theme to a new type of cuisine (slightly new in this case).  The food is good, although if I had a complaint it would be that some of their Indian Taco ingredients tend to be a little sweet (which I don't care for)- one particular example is the chipotle sauce that they offer.  Every single time that I've been there I've been greeted kindly, been treated extraordinarily well by the staff, and enjoyed a very good meal.  It's always cool to see a restaurant that is environmentally/locally/culturally sensitive.  Even small things like paying a bit extra to offer corn-based utensils rather than plastic shows what kind of a business this is.  They get mad props in my book for being a great place and for being great people.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,8/22/2012,452,518,3,8,9>Wanted to give a shout out to Sara S. who recommended this restaurant to me.  I had recently had another banal experience at a Mexican restaurant and was lamenting the lack of good Mexican here in Denver. She directed me to Tequilas Family Mexican Restaurant on Kipling and Florida and last night my boyfriend and I finally tried it. He loves Mexican food.  Sara S. wasn't fooling! The portions were very large and everything was very good.  VERY good. It was a Wednesday night and there was a line waiting to get in, which is a good sign. Service was exceptionally good and the food came out hot and fast. My boyfriend ordered the combo plate with a taco, a tostada and a cheese enchilada.  I tried his cheese enchilada and it was delicious. I had the chicken enchiladas suizas and was very pleased. The rice and beans were also quite good, and happen to be my favorite part of any Mexican meal. The curtido salsa was something I'd never tried before and both my boyfriend and I really, really liked it, and are going to try and duplicate it at home. To top it all off, this place is *affordable*.  My HUGE meal cost upwards of $8 and my boyfriend's $9. Plenty of food for good leftovers the next day, meaning practically 4 meals in one. Try this place! It won't disappoint.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,8/21/2012,218,194,4,9,9>I got a gift card for Christmas that was good for one free class at Cook Street and finally got around to using it a couple of weeks ago.  I purchased one for my girlfriend and we took the French Classics class.   Having never been to anything like this I wasn't sure at all what to expect.  How was I to know what an incredible experience it would be!Upon entering we were told to help ourselves to a first class spread of meats, cheeses, and bread.  Good way to take the edge off the day, and since we were cooking it would be a while before we had dinner.   Then we were given a glass of wine before starting the cooking festivities.  The main instructor chef was great, as were her assistants.  They led us through creating a 3 course meal that started with crepes stuffed with a tasty chevre mixture and topped with duck confit.  The main course was half a game hen with pearl onions and some greens.  The dessert was a chocolate and Grand Marnier souffle topped with creme anglaise.  It sounds like it would be impossible to prepare such a meal but the chefs walked us through each step, which removed some of the mystique around food like that.  We had a few glasses of wine and a shot of brandy while we cooked too, which helped add to the fun.  The facility is mind blowing, a dream kitchen setup.  I've been out of the food industry for a while now so it was great to use such awesome equipment!  Sure, there were a couple of snobs and a couple of know it all's in the class, but they didn't affect our enjoyment of the evening one bit.  In fact it was kind of funny watching them go through their motions at times.  There were about 15 or so of is in the class, so the vast majority were really cool and fun to hang with.  We know we'll be back soon for another class - or two!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,8/20/2012,137,174,15,6,7>I do not even know how to put my love for Denver Biscuit Company into words.  I just want to scream with joy when I think about the deliciousness of DBC.  Nothing makes me happier than a delicious chicken biscuit from Denver Biscuit Company.  Apparently, my husband has realized the happiness that these biscuits bring me and continues to surprise me with a chicken biscuit when I am feeling down (he's the best).  He knows the way to my heart and it is through a chicken biscuit.  All is right in the world when you have a chicken biscuit in your hands.I am going to sound like a loon as I completely let my true feelings out about how I feel about Denver Biscuit Company.  I don't really care.  The truth needs to be heard.  So here we go... These are the BEST biscuits in the world!!  There will never be better biscuits!  I would be willing to make that bet. Go ahead, show me better biscuits. They are so fluffy, so big, so soft, so airy.  They are perfect. Are they clouds from heaven that Denver Biscuit Company stole from above to grace our palates with?  Maybe... Probably.  They are what a biscuit should strive to be.  So, you have this already amazing biscuit... Throw a deliciously perfect piece of fried chicken in there and holy smokes!  Seriously, this is what dreams are made of.  Well, at least mine because I dream of fried chicken and biscuits.  The chicken is incredible.  It is juicy, crispy, seasoned well.  It is perfect.  Oh, and then add some cheese and bacon to that already divine biscuit and you have the best thing to grace this planet.  Also, probably one of the unhealthiest.  You can't think about that though.  This chicken biscuit is incredibly amazing.  Ahhhhh, the things I would do to have one right now.  Clearly, you are missing out if you have not been to Denver Biscuit Company.  You owe it to yourself to visit and try a chicken biscuit.  It is worth every calorie.  Kudos to you, Denver Biscuit Company, for excelling in your biscuit making ways and for making me the happiest girl in the world.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/19/2012,267,467,2,16,9>I feel like such an idiot.  How I could I live so close to such an amazing place and yet i've never been there?  It is truly a little neighborhood gem (and a bargain to boot).  Lovely clean atmosphere - not too snooty but certainly attractive with appropriate table settings - tablecloths, napkins, stemware, etc.  I was taking a friend out for dinner for his birthday tonight and he was in the mood for Italian.  Not a lot of choices in my 'hood but I have heard/read good things about La Scala and they totally blew our socks off.  First of all, if you're early diners they have an amazing HH (4-6) - everything is $5 - wine, all kinds of menu items including appetizers, entrees and desserts (and not little tiny portions either).  I made a meal out of a nice glass of Chianti, a lovely house salad, the best calamari fritti I've ever had in Denver, and some incredible wild mushroom ravioli for $20 total.  Are you kidding me??  My friend had the wedge salad and the penne carbonara and was swooning about how delicious everything was.  Way more food than we could finish for less than $50 total.  All fabulous and very reasonably priced.  Even the regular dinner menu doesn't exceed $20 for entrees and many are in the $11-$15 range.My only criticism is that they were dead and they rushed us.  I think the kitchen was just cranking the food out too fast and everything ended up on the table at the same time.  Our server was lovely though and I'd go back in a heart beat.I'm worried about their location in the strip mall across from Lucile's and I hope they make it because I've spent a lot more money for much poorer quality food and service lately.  This place should be a keeper.  Check them out.Just a quick update but probably not worthy of a separate review.  Had lunch their recently and we were very pleased.  Food and service were both excellent - considerably more pricey than HH though.  Not sure we'll return for lunch ($9 for a glass of wine - hm ?)  Back for HH - for sure.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/18/2012,306,1103,8,9,5>Where are my socks? Oh, they are knocked off all thanks to Sushi Yoshi.I'm still amazed at my experience here. Which just goes to show that you shouldn't judge places by their appearance because if I would just drive past Sushi Yoshi, I probably wouldn't have given it a second thought. It's in a strip mall and looks quite unassuming, maybe because when you walk in there are only five tables + the sushi bar or maybe because there is only one man making the food. Yes, one man and one woman running the whole place. This could either turn out very well or very bad.......Seeing that it's basically two people running the joint, patience was a key factor with our experience here this past Saturday night. Good thing I read the reviews on Yelp beforehand and was prepared to be a patient girl. We sat at the sushi bar so we could see the sushi action and even though our server was running wild handling all the tables in the restaurant, she was nice and attentive. We started off with salads and they stray away from the traditional ginger dressing and give you a choice of a wasabi vinaigrette or a citrus vinaigrette. Both were tasty and the veggies adorning the salad were in fun shapes, the six year old in me loved that! We ordered the  lobster dynamite and game was on!!!! It was like a taste bomb went off in my mouth! We even kept the plate there with us so we could use the sauce up for our tempura and every time we took a bite, it was even more awesome than the bite before. At $20 a pop, I would totally get this appetizer again and again and again (and of course the entire time, I was muttering Dyn-o-mite ala Jimmie Walker in my head which makes it even more awesome).We stuck with one sushi roll for the night, the Caterpillar roll, which was as delicious as the lobster dynamite.They have a good selection of sushi rolls and it's best if you like eel and asparagus since a majority of their rolls seem to feature both.  All the food was prepared on spot and even though it took some time, it was worth the wait thanks to the fresh ingredients, combination of flavors and presentation. I am definitely willing to make the drive up to Superior again to go back to Sushi Yoshi!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,8/17/2012,93,249,3,9,4>Board games!  Card games!  RPG!  Puzzles! Comics!  Coffee!  Cookies!  Pastries! Did you ever walk into a place and feel completely at home?  As a part-time gamer and full-time coffee drinker, I am enchanted over Enchanted Grounds, indeed.  What do I love? -- Friendly staff. -- Bright and well-lit environment -- A good number of electrical outlets so that you can sit and work on your laptop for a bit. -- Good selection of games and puzzles (the comic slection is a little more limited, but still pretty good) -- Smooth coffee -- Sandwiches from Udi's -- Cookies n' stuff from various sources -- "Bottomless" soda refills -- "Lite" coffee flavors That last one needs a bit of explaining. Regular flavored syrups have about 100 calories per serving.  The Lite variety that they carry here have only 20 calories per serving.  They aren't sugar-free (because they have those flavors, too).  Their flavor list is extensive, and I've already tried an Irish Cream and Tiramisu flavored latte. (Both fabulous).Too bad that this place is a bit of a drive for my husband and me.  Otherwise, we'd be camped out here all the damn time.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,8/16/2012,174,419,9,12,8>I selected Super Star as my post-graduation family meal spot for a few reasons.  First, location was convenient for heading back to our place for cake after we stuffed ourselves with dim sum; second, I thought it would be nice to have my Chinese grandma experience dim sum in Denver; third, I'd never been and figured having my Chinese grandma in tow might up my street cred here (that's a joke calm down).Not having had dim sum in a while (last time was in China Town, Vancouver), I looked over their menu online and made sure there'd be some veggie options.  There were, so despite the restaurant being buzzing and packed (it was Sunday, it was also Mother's Day), our party of nine was sat almost immediately and we were on our way to a taste adventure!  However, unlike my experience in Canada, we did not order off any menu.  They brought around carts and offered up what they had.  I liked this because there was basically no waiting, but I also didn't like it because I wasn't able to pace myself and I said yes to nearly every veggie option because I wasn't sure what would be arriving next (chicken feet, anyone?).  They leave a running tab on your table and just mark off as you order from the carts.That said, everyone was pleased with the selection.  Yes, my father ate chicken feet (two bowls, in fact... ugh).  Dude got to sample two different types of tripe and bbq pork hom bao (how I miss those from my childhood...), and my sister and I were happy with our Chinese broccoli and stir-fried veggies and noodles.  Our table also had seaweed salad, sesame balls, mango gelatin, stuffed bean curd (note: not veggie friendly), shrimp shumai, some kind of chicken in a red sauce, stir-fried mixed veggies with mushrooms, and mini egg custards.  We were offered a few soup-type dishes (included congee... yum) as well.Overall, a very tasty experience.  The inside wasn't anything fancy (we sat in a back room area that had stripped, non-redone floors), but I'm fine with that.  I don't suspect all the dim sum spots in Hong Kong could compete with a Hilton Hotel bar or anything.  Service was efficient; it was different from "regular" sit-down restaurants, but I suspect this is a cultural thing -- again something I'm fine with.  I nearly ate myself sick on the stuff and thought I'd be over it for a while, but as I sit here writing my review I wish to be back.  And back I will be some day, for their fine dim sum offerings that take me back to being a kid in my own grandma's kitchen.Caveat: If you visit here for dim sum, go with a group you're comfortable sharing with because they don't give serving utensils with the dishes.  You just use your chopsticks for everything (meaning they've been in your mouth and others' chopsticks have been in their mouths and they're all touching food).  Not for the OCD-germaphobe-types.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,8/15/2012,336,291,1,10,4>There have been countless restaurants at this location but they haven't lasted. After our dining experience on Friday night, I sincerely hope La Playa becomes a regional staple. We were promptly seated and received chips, salsa and a light sour cream/guacamole sauce. Everything was fresh and had a unique spin; the salsa was warm (I'm not sure why), but it tasted much more appetizing than your traditional chilled dip.  The architecture is very unique and inviting--I've always loved the concave ceiling--but it seems to amplify the noise.  We had to remind our waitress about a couple of our requests, but the hostess sometimes stepped in to ensure that we received everything.I took a chance and ordered from the healthy menu:  steamed fish and shrimp. Best decision I've ever made!  It came out In a big puffed up aluminum packet; savory aromas wafted my way as the waitress slit the package open.  It was incredibly flavorful--salsa, spices and broth are used to steam the fresh veggies, tilapia and prawns. It was phenomenal. Highly recommended!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,8/13/2012,37,53,,6,3>I finally get to update! I tried the breakfast burritos.... zomg, incredible! Apparently I am becoming a regular, it is awesome to be greeted and then thanked for coming back, each and every time. I cant help but share how thrilled I am with the service here. Back to the burrito, eggs were cracked when my order was received (yes,I watched) as promised, chorizo was yummy and potatoes not mushy. Their salsa is good as always!! I love this place, I just want to go sit in the kitchen and was the chef cook :) He is excellent, quick and makes sure to wave hello to me every time. Come on, you cant get better than this in Arvada.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/12/2012,336,514,7,4,8>What is a great way to reward yourself after a 5k?-A tower of bottomless mimosa's! duh.What is better than a $9 Salmon omelet with goat cheese, grilled onions & pesto?-Nothing.How does the staff say Happy Birthday to a guest at our table?-With free shots & a round of applause...that's how!How do you start your weekend off right?-By getting a seat on one of the best patios in Denver!What place offers not only superb service, delicious food, an awesome atmosphere & the biggest tower of mimosa's this girl has ever seen?THE LOBBY.I have to admit, this place is pretty much the bomb.com!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/11/2012,204,249,4,7,8>I pass this place on a regular basis.  The big sign out front advertising fresh produce had been tempting me for quite some time.  A few days ago I finally stopped in to check it out.  I was definitely impressed!The produce offered at Alpine Summit is high quality and CHEAP!  I got a bag of about 10 jalapenos for $1, 8 limes for $1, avocados were $1 each and fresh raspberries were well below standard grocery prices.  This place is a hidden gem for any home chef on a budget.  I walked out with a box of good stuff for around $20.The staff here was also very friendly.  The lady who helped me gave me some tips on some of the Mexican cheeses they had in stock.  The only drawback is this place is cash only.  They do not take credit cards or debit cards.  Other than that, this place is rad!  I will definitely be back in the future.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,8/10/2012,702,888,6,12,13>It took me a little bit to warm up to Upslope beers. The first time I ran into them was a couple of years ago at the Summer Brew Fest and I swear I tried a Mexican style lager, though that is not a beer they offer now, so I may have been wrong. I strongly disliked it and haven't sought out their beers since. But at a recent Crafty Ladies event, I was looking forward to learning more and hopefully changing my mind too. I've now tried more of their beers and lo and behold, I'm a fan of all of them! The Craft Lager is amazing, totally up my alley and always nice to find in this land of IPAs and wheat beers here in Colorado. The Brown Ale is another winner, and again one of my favorite styles of beers, and again rare in this state. So yummy! I loved the Pale Ale, it's a little darker than some and quite tasty. I've been ordering this at bars recently. The biggest surprise is that their IPA is totally turning me into an IPA lover. It's light, hoppy, crisp, citrusy and delicious and I've started to crave it out of the blue. I never thought I'd say that about an IPA but this is my new summer beer. I also sampled a stout and that was good too. Now I know that Upslope has beers for my tastes, my husband's tastes and even some of my picky family members. I'm really bummed that I took my family to the Bookcliff Vineyards tasting room next door and didn't take them over to Upslope, because my dad would have loved the Craft Lager. It was their anniversary party too, so we missed the opportunity to try an anniversary ale. Won't make that mistake twice. To top it off, the brewers and owners seem to be friendly, smart and down to earth. Their story is a unique one right down to where they get their hops. The aesthetics of their colored cans in every shade of the rainbow make me happy.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,8/9/2012,152,243,2,7,5>We had our rehearsal dinner here and everything was PERFECT. It could not have been more flawless if they tried. We had 37 people in their private dining room.To be honest I was more excited about the food at Frasca than our actual wedding food, so this was the night I was looking forward to!Frasca reserved the little patio they have for our party and passed around hors d'oeuvres and prosecco. Everyone had a great time getting to know each other while milling about in the beautiful Boulder sunshine.We were invited in for dinner and course after course was amazing. It was honestly one of the best meals of my life. We sat down with the GM and the sous chef a couple of weeks prior to our dinner and helped create the menu we wanted. They let us know what would be in season and how we could work with those ingredients. They also created a wine pairing for every course we had, and the wine was incredible. The service was out of this world, and I left feeling like we were the only ones in the restaurant. We are so lucky to have had our rehearsal dinner here, and it's a meal I will never forget.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2012,8/8/2012,175,855,5,6,6>I had been to the Buckhorn about a decade ago and wanted to try it again.  I love the old building and the history of the place.  We came here on a weekday for dinner and the place was packed.  In fact as we walked up I noted there was not 1 giant tour bus, but 2.  Yeah, its a tourist trap, but where else can you get buffalo, elk, ostrich, yak or just regular ole beef surrounded by a million dead things mounted on the wall?  Its a unique place, so tourists or not, it is an experience even a native should try once.  We were seated at a 2 person table with really comfy armchairs (I sank into mine).  However, the chairs aside the table it self had some challenges. The first problem came with the tight space.  The building well over a hundred years old and the walkways are narrow, with tables situated very closely together.  The gentleman sitting directly behind my seat couldn't move any more and I couldn't get into my chair so we actually moved the table out - just so you know you are for tight spaces! Once in, we were comfy and fine, but it was a bit of a production just to sit down.  Then many of the tables up front (like ours) are in the major thoroughfare, so we had a constant flow of people walking by to get to tables, up the stairs, to the bathroom, etc.....The waiter was great.  He was prompt with drinks, cleared dishes quickly and was an all around pleasant guy.  The food was, OK.  Its an expensive joint.  A good cut of meat is going to put you back at least $40 and probably more.  I started with their navy bean soup - which was hearty and delicious.  I opted to have their special which included a 4oz cut of buffalo (with a herbed butter) and a cherry glazed 4oz cut of elk.  Its toss up which I liked more, but I think the glaze on the elk made it just a bit better.  This came with some steamed veggies, which were just that, nothing special and garlic mashed potatoes that were fine, but hardly garlicky.  I loved the ambiance and the history of the place, but honestly for as much $$ as we spent I thought the dinner was OK.  It didn't wow me.  Heck, my hubby didn't even get his steak cooked to his liking, which at the prices we paid is a major disappointment.  It definitely is a place you go more to say you went, then to have an great meal.  Although, if you are into exotic meat this place might bring a smile to your face.  At any rate, go once just to say you have done it!  They serve lunch, so I would try that as a more budget friendly option!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2012,8/7/2012,342,357,5,6,5>I can totally see why this place is so popular.  It is super fun, being able to play arcade games and giant Jenga while enjoying tasty adult beverages.  The 1up has several of the nostalgic staples of my youth: skee-ball, Paperboy, Boone's Farm Strawberry Hill, and Mad Dog 20/20....wait....that one was more like college.  But anyway, it is a little dingy and definitely could use some bleach and elbow grease.  The clientele is a little heavy on the 'sup bra' side.  That alone frequently prevents my appearance there, especially on a weekend night.  But it's definitely nice to take a walk down memory lane every now and then, by passing around the bottle of MD and kicking everyone's ass at Skee-Ball.  Maybe I just need to go back on a weekend afternoon, when all those "bra's" are nursing their hangovers from chugging said MD 20/20 and Boone's.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,8/6/2012,248,189,4,6,5>I absolutely LOVE this place, both for drinks and for food. I don't give 5 stars lightly, but this place definitely deserves it. One of my better find in Denver since moving here from California. Here's why:1) DELICIOUS INFUSIONS FOR $3But they're not $3 ALL the time, you might argue. Well, they're $3 for happy hour, which is 4pm-7pm EVERY DAY. And again for late-night happy hour 11pm-close every day but Fri/Sat. And ALL DAY Sunday. Your drunk ass can shell out $5 in-between. Recommended infusions:- PICKLE VODKA: absolutely my favorite drink now, and I'm not even a huge fan of vodka, not that you can even remotely taste it in this.- 1/2 PICKLE VODKA + 1/2 PEPPERONCINI VODKA: to add a little spice to your life (this is a much better alternative to the slightly-sweet "spicy pickle," which has jalapenos and peppercorn added)- PINEAPPLE VODKA: having tried most of the fruity flavors, I can say with confidence that this one was the best. Add a splash of Sprite though, since unlike the pickle and pepperoncini infusions, you can taste the vodka in this.2) BEST GREEN CHILI CHEESE FRIES IN DENVERI might have only been in Denver for a few months, but I am a green chili cheese fry FIEND. I get them everywhere ago (and then cry myself to sleep  thinking about the Fat Monter's retribution). Anyway, these are definitely the best, and I keep coming back for more (lunch, happy hour, dinner, whenever). They smother a basket of thick fries with a mixture of different cheeses and green pork chili, and then chop some jalapenos on top to add a little spice. I swear it's heaven in a basket. A delicious, cheesy basket.$5.75 normally; under $4 for happy hour3) DAILY FOOD SPECIALSIf you didn't know Retro Room was great for lunch/food, now you do. It's probably cheaper than McDonalds, and with the benefit of never having to step foot into the devil's den. Sunday: $4 appetizers and happy hour drinks all day, Tuesday: $6 burger + beerWednesday: $6 wings + beerSaturday: $6 burger + beerThursday: $6 pizza + beerFriday: $6 chicken sandwich + beer4) AWESOME MUSIC (& VIDEOS)Think 80s parachute pants. It's "retro" room after all.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2012,8/5/2012,58,139,6,7,5>So, this is a massive - I mean MASSIVE - Asian market.  My boyfriend, who does most of the cooking, loves the selection of cooking supplies - oils, sauces, etc.  And, they have some of the harder to find ingredients, which we appreciate being able to find close to home.But, here's the thing I don't like.1.  It smells.  Like, really bad.  You know that joke about Frumunda Cheese?  It smells like Frumunda Cheese in this place.  And, that's just walking in the front door.  The stench is much worse as you near the meat/seafood area.  Now, I get that there are big vats of live frogs back there, and there has to be a smell associated with that...but, the smell gets me every time.  I hate it.2.  A vast majority of the items in the store are processed and horrible for you, mostly saturated in MSG and boat loads of sodium.  I am not Asian, and I'm sure that many of the goods they carry are old favorites and I can't appreciate that.  But, I have to avoid most of what's on the shelves, if only to keep my heart from exploding within my chest as it chokes on enough sodium to keep McDonald's running for a week.3.  The smell.  Did I mention that?  I did.  OK, well, it deserves a second mention.Of course, I give it three stars, and that's because for the few items we need for cooking at home, they have pretty good prices (we've checked around at other markets) and this place is close to us.They have great hours that I don't remember off hand, but they are open pretty late.  They have a small selection of cooked items by the front of the store - and, I think they just opened a little dining area near the front, as well.Just...hang a Christmas tree air freshener from your nose when you go in.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/4/2012,190,322,4,7,9>I took my pops to Zydeco's for Father's Day Brunch. The whole family was beyond impressed. Let me start by saying: You had me at bottomless Bloody Mary's, Mimosas and Hurricanes. I was disappointed to find that the jerk pork chop and eggs dish I had scouted out on their website was no longer available. It had been replaced by a flatiron steak and eggs. I decided to give it a go instead. WOW! That was some of the best steak I have ever had. Was it a ribeye from Capital Grille? No. But the rub that they used on the tender piece of beef was an EXPLOSION of flavor. I literally wanted to lick the plate. Frankly, I'm a little disappointed that I didn't. I was also able to to sample the Fried Chicken and Waffles with a cayenne maple syrup (amazing). The Grand Marnier Banana's Foster French toast was on a another level of  ridiculousness. Fresh bananas, pecans and Grand Marnier caramel sauce that I'm convinced if I drowned in, it would guarantee me spending the afterlife in heaven. Somehow the bread maintained a crunchiness despite being drenched in delicious Grand-Mar saucy goodness. From a guy who doesn't care for sweets at breakfast, I would eat this everyday if my waistline would permit it. Finally, I sampled the biscuits and gravy which (I know, shocker...) were as delicious as everything else we sampled. Brunch was perfect! We enjoyed excellent food, with great company, nop notch service while being awash in good music courtesy of the live jazz pianist that serenaded us throughout our meal.I am so excited for my next trip to Zydeco's. I plan to return soon and often.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,8/3/2012,217,97,8,5,5>Oysters!Oysters!!OYSTERS!!!Yummo.I am a Balti-moron.  We grew up on seafood.   Oysters, crabs, shrimp, oh my! When I was a kid, we would go out on piers with a chicken neck, a piece of rope, and a butterfly net.  That was how we would catch crabs.  Here... you catch.... wait, uh... NEVER MIND!!!!Jax opens at 4 PM.  If you go for their happy hour (4-6PM every day), I suggest getting there early.  AWESOME happy hour specials on oysters, calamari, mussels, gumbo, etc.  Might I suggest you stay away from their brown ale mussels.  They just aren't very good, and I was a little disappointed as I had not yet had something from Jax that disappointed me.  This was the first.  Usually, however, I have been very pleased.The dinner menu changes, but everything is fresh, fantastic, and well, some of the best seafood in Denver.  They sometime have crab legs, and unlike other "seafood restaurants", these do not taste fishy or soggy.  The fresh fish is always a delight, and the calamari is always superb.  The bar seems to be filled with characters.  Every time I have been there, I meet someone weird and interesting.   Might I suggest that you do not friend weirdos who "own an awesome little bar off colfax that we just have to go to right this second" because... well, that is another story (ugh!).Anyway, freshest seafood in Denver, a good selection of oysters, and great drinks.   May not be the cheapest place in the world unless it is happy hour, but we DO live in Denver.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,8/2/2012,174,249,1,11,8>Piano bar meets comfy and weird antique furniture that is great for people watching! On one stop in the birthday extravaganza last night, my friends decided they wanted to check out the Black Crown, as they had been hearing great things; I am glad that they took me there.We showed up a little after 10:30 and were greeted by a pretty packed bar. A waiter prompt greeted us and took up upstairs to the "VIP" area that is usually reservation only (or at least that's what he told us), as the rest of the place was full. In our secluded room, we had a wide array of super comfortable furniture to sprawl out and relax while enjoying some great cocktails. Our waitress, Sherry, immediately came up to take our drink orders and provided us with some funny entertainment throughout the course of our stay! I would recommend trying to get her as your server, as she was super attentive and funny (two great qualities I love in waitstaff)!The environment at the Black Crown is also pretty cool. We figured out from observation that most everything in there is for sale - from the old-school chandeliers to the creepy statues to the weird-shaped lamps. If you ever need to find that unique gift for grandma - this is the place to go! Plus, you can get your drink on while you do it!Their well gin is Tanqueray - which made me happy - as my go-to drink is a T&T. Overall, I would recommend Black Crown Lounge if you're looking for a unique and fun place to go for a night on the town. We didn't really pay attention to the piano music as our room was back and in from the main area, but from what I could tell, the music wasn't too bad.It isn't too far off the beaten path (right off of Broadway and Arkansas/Louisiana) and had ample street parking. If you decide to check out the Black Crown Lounge have fun and remember to drink responsibly! Have fun!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,8/1/2012,162,411,4,9,7>After reading several reviews and getting a recommendation from a gal pal, I decided to check this place out. I have been working out with a personal trainer for a while now and have realized I have areas on my body that I never knew existed, and add in a high stress job situation this equals my body begging for a massage. I used the book online feature, which I just love; I had a massage scheduled with Stephanie. I requested a full body, deep tissue, 75 min massage to help work out some problem areas and the high stress tenseness in my shoulders and neck. The place is a cozy, welcoming environment and I felt at ease upon my arrival. I was able to chat with Stephanie before hand about the issues I wanted to focus on. I got $10 off for a first time customer and really enjoyed the level of professionalism that Stephanie provided, along with helping me understand what to except after such an intense body work session.  I will be back, and highly recommend this business.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/31/2012,52,137,3,17,11>I've never understood why people register for china patterns when they get married. I wanted simple white restaurant-style plates, bowls and cups. Why, you ask? Because food looks great on white china. Because a chip on white china doesn't show all that much. Because you can put it in the dishwasher and not worry about it. Because it looks great stacked on a shelf in the kitchen. I looked EVERYWHERE for simple white china at a simple price to match. You would think this is easy, right? Nope. After nearly giving up, I discovered Standard where I bought my entire china set for $.50-$1.50 per piece. I've been in love with this place ever since. Need some new tongs? They have 10 different sizes to choose from. Need a paring knife? They have dozens in a multitude of price ranges. Want some bar-ware like they use in actual bars? They have it. Strainers? Mise en place cups? A full tea-service set? Yep, they got it.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,7/30/2012,194,576,6,11,10>I have a confession to make. Unlike the majority of Denver Yelp, I do not love tacos. I do not have a taco list and I haven't been on any of the UYE taco tours. However, after my visit to Pinche Taqueria all this may change.After reading all the rave reviews for this place, Alicia H. and I decided it we'd have lunch here after our trip to the Denver Botanic Gardens. Somehow we were able to snag a parking spot in the back, and even though it was crowded, they were able to seat us right away, and had a high chair available for Little Man H.I did not eat the tongue (sorry Ashley B.). It wasn't that I was afraid or weirded out, this nice Jewish girl LOVES her some tongue from the deli! It just wasn't what I wanted.  What we did order: Chips and Guacamole, two asada tacos, two queso a la plancha tacos and churros for dessert.The chips and guacamole were outstanding: served in a bag, warm and perfectly salted and the guac was fresh and flavorful. Our tacos were tasty as well. I think my favorite was the queso a la plancha. The way they fried the cojita cheese really brought out its flavor. Finally the churros were ridiculous! Crispy and golden brown on the outside with a custard like middle. When dipped in the Mexican hot chocolate, they were little deep fried bites of heaven.The main reason our visit gets four stars instead of five is because of our server. She was friendly, but not very attentive and she was slow. While it was crowded, this did not appear to be an issue for the servers around her.  The manager however, was great and checked on us a couple of times and even asked if he could get Little Man H. a couple of corn tortillas. And while our server was so-so, it's not enough to keep me from returning. I'm already planning out what tacos I'll be trying next. And yes, the tongue is on that list.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,7/29/2012,246,749,4,12,5>Absolutely delightful!I gotta say, those who went in to Cebiche and it was "dead" on a Thursday night obviously didn't go in the day before the Groupon expired, ha ha. The place was packed! And, the one server in the entire place, Stefano (Side note, is there any hotter name than Stefano? I think not.) had it completely under control. Incredible. To those who have made comments about service on prior visits, they have obviously solved the problem. When the place got truly crazy, some folks appeared from the back to cover seating, turning tables & drink orders. Nay-sayers, give this place another shot. Drink It: The Malbec. I have a weird fascination with Carmenere, so I always order it when available by the glass. It was good, but the Malbec was fabulous! It was earthy with fruit highlights. (Yes, I understand I just said it tastes like dirty fruit, but you wine-ohs know what I'm talkin' about.) And, this place pours real glasses of wine, not those glorified shot glasses on a stem at some other places. These were solid 5oz+ glasses of wine, in a nice big glass so you could really get some nose. I heard sounds of delight around the room with regard to the Pisco Sour & Sangria, as well. Eat It: The Muscles Appetizer. It was heavenly. Six huge, cooked muscles on the half-shell topped with a fab lime juice based salsa. It could have been a main course. Awesome.Eat It: The Garlic Shrimp. The description is a bit deceptive. It says "creamy sauce". Nope, it's a fantastic garlic-butter sauce that is so good that if they served it by the glass I would drink it! Incredible.The menu is surprisingly well priced. The priciest item on the menu was under $15. Glasses of wine were $7-9. I absolutely cannot wait until the weather gets warmer and I can bring some friends and enjoy the patio. LOVE this place.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,7/28/2012,161,150,3,10,5>This place may have closed but it certainly isn't now.  I submitted a change in status for the restaurant when I tried to check-in.  The street address is the same; not sure if it moved units or something.Although I went to the grocery before work today, I really wanted some Korean BBQ for take out to bring back to my office for lunch today.  So I submitted to temptation.  This place did not fail to impress!  Their bulgogi lunch was $6.99.  I got two huge containers filled with a ton of food.  I got the bulgogi, of course, which a huge mound of rice, topped with fried egg surrounded by carrots, cucumber, mushrooms (2 kinds), bean sprouts, and a couple of other things.  In the other container was seaweed, kim chi, sweet boiled peanuts, sauce, and something so good I wolfed it down and can't remember what it was.  Oh, I remember, chunks of marinated tofu.It took about 10 minutes to get it ready, so call ahead.  I'll definitely be coming back.  Their lunch for $6.99 - including other options such as beef soup, bibimbop, and some other things is such a great value.  If you're not super-hungry or a super-big eater, $6.99 could easily be enough for 2 people.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/27/2012,73,96,6,10,9>Welp, the secret is out. Drew & Leah's little beer & pie oasis has officially made it into the ranks of such frenzily-decended-upon places as Falling Rock or Snooze. In fact, falling rock is really the only comparable alternative..while H&P may not have a beer list that is as routinely extensive as falling rock's, they more than make up for that with the specificity of their selections and their damn fine food. I always go craving pizza, but once I get there I have such a tough time not getting the IPA mac & cheese. They recently opened their new space next door, more than doubling the size and number of tables. I bet they thought this would alleviate the crowding, right? Nope! Now all those folks who couldn't hang with the 45 minute wait before are back to try again...and they're still waiting! Oh well. Its worth the wait. All the food is still amazing, they've streamlined the menu a bit now, venturing more into delicious sandwiches and taking away some of the signature pizzas now (opting for a monthly rotating specialty choice instead) and most importantly the start of the show (yeah, the IPA mac&cheese) remains in its full glory. They even have vegan & gluten-free versions (made with quinoa noodles..looked tasty!)The beer list remains amazing, they've added a 'beer engine' (a hand-pull system typically connected to a cask-conditioned beer--not CO2 powered, mind you) for even more variety, and they continue to do the "littlest big beer tests"--tap-takeovers by guest breweries from all over.Hops & Pie remains one of my favorite places of all time...now if I could just get a table!Slanté!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2012,7/26/2012,69,263,8,10,7>This place is an average Russian grocery store. There are plenty of deli meats and canned/jarred goods to pick from. There are also locally made pastries and pelmeni. The candy selection was a bit limited (no classics like batonchiki or korovka) and not completely fresh. As with all Russian stores in the area - watch the expiration dates and don't expect cheerful salespeople. I've heard a story about how a couple American chains with locations in Moscow tried doing the whole waitstaff smiling/"have a nice day" type of thing there. It didn't work. Nobody liked it. So pick up a couple handfuls of candy and hard sausage from the grumpy looking guy and enjoy the taste anyway.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/25/2012,41,106,1,8,7>I went to Wildflowers for lunch today with a couple of friends.  The funny thing is our office is less than a mile away, and we never knew this place was here.  First impressions of the restaurant- it's absolutely adorable.  It looks like a British grandmother's house and is very cozy and intimate.  There is also an outdoor patio.  and a door to the little pub.  What I love about this place is that everything is homemade.  I ordered an iced tea, which our server brewed, and then iced.  Another friend ordered coffee and was served a French press.  I had a cup of the Clam Chowder, followed by the Bubble & Squeak with their homemade Corned Beef.  The Clam Chowder was great and you could definitely tell it was homemade.  Plenty of clams and creamy without being overly rich or fishy.  The Bubble & Squeak is basically hash browns and sautéed cabbage.  Simple, but very satisfying.  It was topped with a few slices of corned beef, which Wildflowers brines themselves, and it was not overly salty or dried out.  Unfortunately, the Pub is not open at lunch, but we did peek in an decide to come back for Happy Hour soon.  I will also have to try dinner and High Tea sometime.  Overall, a very cute little restaurant!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,7/24/2012,158,145,8,8,8>US Thai is by far my favorite thai and it's pretty close to my abode.  So this frequently finds me craving some spicy deliciousness in the form of Pad thai, Pad See Iew, or Paneng Curry.It's all spicy and it's all delish.  The gals that answer the phone for my usual take-out order are always super nice, but get straight to the point--which is getting my food order quick so that I can get it in my belly ASAP.  Their noodle dishes are all really yummy and the curries that I've tried (Paneng and Jungle) have been spicy and full of meat and veggies every time.  I once, also ordered the App sampler when ordering with a friend, and the satay, dumplings and wontons that came in that were all super yummy.It can get pretty loud in the restaurant itself which is why I tend to get my US Thai to go.  That and, who doesn't like to be able to eat in your sweatpants and not be judged?  (This is why take-out was invented in my opinion)I usually have a bunch left over after I've sufficiently burned my face off and stuffed my belly.  I can sometimes squeeze out 3 meals from one take-out order.  Affordable as it is, but when I can eat three meals on about $9.00, I am a fan.See you soon, US Thai!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,7/23/2012,285,768,4,8,9>This year is even bigger and better.  There are stands with grass fed beef and free range chicken! It's pricey yes, but there is no amount of money I wouldn't spend on ethical raised and local meat.  Miller's Farm is the best. I hit it up almost every Sunday.  You can't beat it. $6 for a half bag of produce.  I always wind up with more than enough!  And this year there is a stand with cantaloupe jelly!! It is so yummy!! And the food trucks are awesome.  I love this market.  I want it to stay just the way it is. I hope it doesn't get much bigger and turn into a Cherry Creek monster!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/22/2012,212,239,6,11,8>AWESOME! Let me just yell for a minute! Everyone in the neighborhood has been waiting and watching for this little nugget to open today. Holy smokes, you had me at "Pub". The mushroom salad - good lord, there are not enough mushrooms on menus in Denver and this little goat cheese dotted wonder was fantastic. I was a little worried about the lemon vinaigrette but it was perfect. The beet salad was good, a bit too sweet for our tastes, it had candied pecans and a honey marscapone dressing, it was good and if you like sweet, you will love it. Now, the shrimp and grits; holy channeling-a-cajun-at an-Irish-pub batman! It was perfect, the shrimp is crisp and sweet and hot and juicy and lord, bacon. Did I mention, bacon? Seriously, the menu is going to get a go over by me personally. There is also a very nice beer list that I know I will also experience on a deep level.There are a few wobbles, nothing worth mentioning here that can't be fixed as they get their sea-legs under them. This place is all the hopes and dreams of a small business and I give props to Pete, the owner (who introduced himself and checked on us) - keep the faith man, all of West Washington Park is rooting for you. My new local for sure.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,7/21/2012,131,377,,8,5>My work is within walking distance of Chinook, so we decided to walk over on a nice spring day to treat an interviewee to lunch. Upon walking in we were stunned how big this place was, and how most of the people in our office have no idea it exists. The decor is very tasteful and modern, and was a great space to have a nice lunch and chat. Their menu is small to medium sized, but has quite the variety. I had the Pork Jaeger Schnitzel with spaetzle and sauteed Brussels sprouts. The schnitzel was tender (could have used more breading though) and the wild mushroom sauce tasty, but the spaetzle was absolutely delicious! And the Brussels sprouts were seasoned and cooked perfectly - also delicious! My colleagues had the burger and Colorado chicken, and both looked quite good as well.Although Chinook may look a bit pricy at first, it's really not when you compare the quality and uniqueness of some of the dishes to many mid-level chain restaurants. It was the perfect location to host a business lunch in the DTC, and the service was spot on. May not have been the best schnitzel I've ever had, but the whole package combined earns Chinook 4-stars.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,7/20/2012,33,45,4,8,6>OK, so I wouldn't recommend going here on Friday night at 7:00pm. This place was a zoo! There were people waiting up and down the sidewalk outside the front door, and when I got through the front door I soon realized why, there is virtually no waiting area. One little bench for two normal sized folks, that's it. The waiting list was scribbled on the back of a to-go menu and it was your responsibility to write your name on the list. Chaos I tell you! I can see now why there was such pandemonium at the front door now, after we were gone. People wanted to get into this place, BADLY! It's a small dinning room in a strip mall, a poor choice for an all you can eat sushi place IMO. The neighborhood isn't all that great either. But that's not why we came. We came for Sushi. Lots of it! and that is exactly what we got. The wait staff are very friendly. Smiles all around and eager to please. They were so busy though, it made me think they could have used a couple more on duty that night. However, I don't know where they would have put them. This place was wall to wall people. They quickly gave us our sushi checklist and provided a menu for the specialty rolls. There was no shortage of choices here let me tell you. We ordered the Creamy Jalapeno Appetizer and the Gyoza. The dumplings were out of this world! I could have eaten two more plates of them but had to restrain myself. The Creamy Jalapeno is basically the Japanese equivalent of the jalapeno Popper. Delicious! On to the reason we came, Sushi. Everything we ordered that night was delicious. The 911 Roll and the Spicy Volcano were my personal favorites. We also tried the Rainbow Roll, the Dragon Roll, standard fare such as the Philly Roll and the California roll, and every bit of every roll was just awesome! I recommend the AYCE choice, but please be careful, you can really hurt yourself in this establishment. Your mouth will not want to stop until your stomach pushes back! Oh, and I forgot to mention, at the table next to us was none other than Nene' from the Denver Nuggets and his crew. A very nice guy and quite personable. A definite bonus for us sports fans! If you love Sushi, you need to seek this place out. You wont be disappointed. But if you are not a crowd person, go at off times! =] -MK
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/19/2012,186,551,6,10,6>OK, so here's the thing.  First of all I was with two girls...one named Shelby and one named Ashley.  And our server's name was Shelby.  We may have gotten better service because of the multiple Shelby's, but Shelby our server killed it.  She explained the concept of using as many local ingredients as possible.  She let us know some of her favorite dishes.  She raved abtout the wine I picked. (I know...I'm good at that kind of thing) And she delivered everything up in a timely fashion.  She even told us not to bring anything but our wine when we decided it was too cold to sit outside and wanted to move inside.  I don't think I've ever called out a server by name, (because I never remember them) but Shelby was awesome!OK...onto the food.  They make their own mozzerella cheese, and it's damn good.  We got the plain mozz with fig reduction.  It was sick.  We also got some of the salami which was hella good.  We got deep fried cheese curds, because I'm originally from Wisconsin, and anytime I see deep fried cheese curds on a menu I have to have them.  Now, I'll tell you I compare every deep fried cheese curd to a bar in my hometown, and nothing has ever compared.  Good, yes, but compared to theirs?  Nope.  And, when I saw these cheese curds, the batter was obviously more of a fish batter than what I was accustomed.  But the cheese curd?  Best fried cheese curd ever.  Euclid Hall...I can't eat your cheese curds anymore.  Culver's...I know you started in the Midwest, but your curds suck compared to these.  We also got an order of the lamb meatballs.  I like me a meatball.  I would consider these some of the best meatballs I've ever had.  I'm pretty sure there was a bit of truffle oil in the meatball or sauce - not enough to overpower...just enough to add that truffle essence.  Freaking delicious!  All three of us thought that was the best thing we'd had. (cept me with maybe the cheese curds)  We got the Bruges pizza and the wild mushroom.  The Bruges is brussell sprouts, apple, with a couple cheeses.  Who'da thunk you could put brussell sprouts on pizza and it would taste good?  It was fantastic!  The wild mushroom with arugula (I think?) and truffle oil was also delic.  The dough is fantastic.And just to throw you a bone, they've got an incredible beer list.  Wine list was mediocre, but the wines we drank were certainly good.Marco's...you have competition.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,7/18/2012,203,562,3,5,3>My son showed up with this hat sized brown and green box for Mothers Day.  I loved the box and then I opened it and screamed with delight.  There were 4 beautiful  cupcakes inside this pretty box.  They were all in their place with this great divider.  The box looks like it would hold 6 without squishing any of them.There was the Wedding Cake,  a Margarita, a Champagne and a chocolate salted carmel cupcake.  We shared the Champagne one on Mothers Day.  I let him take home the Wedding Cake and I was left with remaining two.  They were very good and so pretty to look at.  There is a lot of frosting but if you eat them right the ratio is almost equal.  Almost.  I really never gave the cupcake a chance before and now I am in trouble. Michelle now likes maybe even loves cupcakes.  My next party I am serving these fancy cupcakes and only Gigi's.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,7/17/2012,188,277,4,12,12>Too many pizza places try to do too much. They are "gourmet" or "gluten-free" or have allegiance to Naples, Chicago or New York. Not many pizza joints just strive to make good pizza the way Sliceworks does. It's nothing fancy, just solid takes on your favorites plus some interesting spins like a solid vodka sauce pizza or a stuffed pizza with spinach enclosed inside. It's perhaps a tad expensive for a slice pizza place but it has quality ingredients and tastes good. I only spent $7 on my lunch which was more delicious than some of the mediocre sandwich places where I'd spend $8 instead.Definitely a solid option for pizza on Colfax, which for some reason has opened a lot of pizza places lately. Hopefully this one sticks around.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,7/16/2012,245,483,10,8,9>Damn you, Marcyk!  I can't think of a more expensive grocery store in town, but yet I always find myself coming back to you.  Is it your unparalleled collection of cheeses?  Is it your incredible selection of fine meats and sausages, including a French sausage that has bacon in it?  BACON!  Is it the fact that no matter what I pick out from your store, I know it will be of the highest quality?  Is it because your staff is not only friendly, but very knowledgeable about the products you carry?  I think it is all of the above.  Marczyk, you are one incredible grocery store that I am pleased to have in my neighborhood!  Plus, your deli makes absolutely the best sandwiches in town.  I've been trying to get through the entire sandwich menu over the past few months and everything on it is incredible.  I could pretend this is kindergarten and give praise to all, but with both sandwiches and children, you always have to choose a favorite.  Here is my current power ranking:1. The Fruition BLT - This is the kind of sandwich that I want take home, light a few candles, pull back the drapes, place in front of the fireplace, and make sweet, sweet love to.  Bacon, pesto, and fresh ricotta.  The genius that built this beauty should be inducted into the sandwich hall of fame.  My wife is always asking to split this sandwich with me.  To her I respond in my Linda Blair voice "GET YOUR OWN DAMN SANDWICH!"2. Antipasto - I love me an Italian sandwich, and this is an Italian sandwich on performance enhancing cold-cuts.  The red wine vinegar brings these flavors together like the Dude's rug brought his room together.  Bravo!3. East Coast Club - They ran out of hard boiled eggs, so my sandwich genius called in the avocado in for relief.  Brilliant!  Again, the red wine vinegar brings this sandwich together and the roasted red peppers deserve a nomination for "Best Supporting Topping".  4. The "Jed"-I - The force is strong in this sandwich.  Prosciutto, fresh mozzarella and pesto could convince me to join the dark side any day of the week.5. The Clarkson Club - I may have to unhinge my jaw to eat this skyscraper of a sandwich, but it is worth it.  Ham, turkey and bacon are the three wise men of the sandwich world and the toasted bread makes this sandwich a work of art.6. Marczyk Meatball Sub - Huge!  Delicious!  Unfortunately, this is the kind of sandwich that destroys new year resolutions and leave me feeling guilty about myself.7. Colonial Turkey - Because thanksgiving should be everyday and include a small wedge of brie.8. Parisian - Simple.  Elegant.  Buttery.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,7/15/2012,683,1119,3,9,7>Glorious gardens, less formal the Denver Botanical gardens and not as showy, but more organic feeling. Lovely water features, the garden is only 15 years old and feels somewhat immature.While Monet's place is the crown jewel. A lily pad water pond rimmed in yellow flowers and filled with frogs and fish, it is peaceful, sanguine and hypnotic. There's a large pond(little lake?) filled with geese and on the day I was there, a large stork.There's a nice little model railroad that the kids especially love, a large garden of herbs. I thought there could be a lot more poppies, my favorite flower.Overall, this is a great place to meditate or read on the manicured lawns,and all of 2012 ENTRY IS FREE!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,7/14/2012,192,333,2,7,6>It is so nice having a H-mart near by! For those of you that aren't in the know, it is basically a Korean mini mall (as other Yelpers have said). There is a tofu stand, eyeglass shop, bakery store, clothing store, restaurant, housewares section, etc. The largest area is the grocery store. While they specialize in Korean fare, they also carry a selection of Vietnamese, Japanese, Chinese and Mexican products. Their produce selection is vast and cheap (score!). They have a large meat department with cuts you wouldn't find at other grocers. Like others have mentioned, the building does feel a little run down but I don't care! I haven't found any other places near me that carry the staple pantry items I need to make delicious Korean food. Make sure to stop at the Boba stand for a delish Thai Tea with Boba (no credit cards for purchases under $5 -  bring cash or buy some chocolate or sweet red bean filled goldfish cakes to go with your drink!). I really like the popped rice cakes they sell too. They are a great snack!If you have never been, go and experience something new!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,7/13/2012,174,18,4,13,12>I am on a lifelong quest to figure out what to do with my hair... I bounce around between salons, picking up tips and ideas, experimenting with colors and lengths. But... no matter where this journey takes me, I always find myself back in Andee's chair. Throughout the past 5 years, Andee has introduced me to new levels of hair consciousness. For example, who knew that my hair is curly? Andee, that's who. She is great with curls and has a cool curly hair product line, though it takes some getting used to. (Fear not, Andee is happy to oblige all tip and tutorial requests while she does her thang.) Andee also has a really nice touch with short styles. From my 15+ years' experience as a short-haired girl, I can attest that this is a rare skill. (Alas, those years were spent in California, away from Andee's magic shears)... she will be the first person I call if I ever go back to the short A-line! (Actually, if I go for a short a-line again, I will go to the Mop Factory Salon website and set up an appointment online. So much easier for everyone. :)Andee will always be my go-to girl and I can confidently recommend her to anyone looking for a knowledgeable, high-performing professional who is a great active listener, and fun to talk to and be around!The salon atmosphere is inviting, comfortable, and artsy! Shanette, Andee's business partner, has never cut my hair, but I have seen her work many, many times and I wouldn't hesitate to book an appointment with her.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,7/12/2012,345,277,6,7,6>Okay so Doug Y and Thomas said I should go - so I went.  Next time I'm just going to nod my head and then get in my car and drive directly to where ever they tell me I should go.This little gem of a taco truck is in the parking lot of a night club.  Not sure if the night club is even open or not.  There is a truck and then the grill.  You see the smoke rolling off the grill as you are driving down the street.  You pull up and immediately smell the grilling goodness that is chicken.  The guy is turning and putting stuff on it - I'm not sure what he is putting on it - I didn't ask and frankly I don't care.This is some of the best damn chicken in the city.  Moist and flavorful - the edges are black with the char from the grill and it is perfectly cooked.  I opted for the 1/4 chicken plate - but it was more like 1/3 of a chicken - a huge breast and two whole wings (with the little burnt tips that I absolutely love).  It comes with beans, rice, a grilled jalepeno, corn tortilla, and two different kinds of salsa.  This salsa should come with a big huge warning label - if you're a white girl from the suburbs this is going to be kick you in your teeth hot salsa.  There was no label.  I looked and looked and there wasn't one, but there should be.I'm not sure how they cook their Spanish rice but it was damn tasty.  It doesn't look like much but most of the Mexican Restaurants in Denver could learn something from this truck.  I'm glad that it is close to work and will be able to enjoy this place often.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/11/2012,177,337,8,9,5>Pho - bomb. Location - bomb. Strawberry smoothie - bomb. Inexpensive - bomb. Closed on Sunday - not bomb.I've been to Pho-natic a couple of times and I am constantly impressed by the cleanliness of the place. The nice light green walls are very relaxing. Talk about a lot of room - great for meals with coworkers. There is a lot to be desired by the music selection...if I wanted a nap I would have stayed at home.The pho is great tho! I highly suggest getting a size small as this will be enough of a meal for most people. The regular is huge and I don't even want to guess how big the large would be. So, you get a huge bang for your buck! They have meats and veggies and sea food and noodles and rice and great smoothies.I like that no matter what time of day it may be the staff is always efficient. Be it a lunch crowd or later in the evening, I've always had prompt service. The view of Colfax isn't too shabby either. Sure, it might be a bit scary but there's a big pane of glass in between you and the Colfaxians...just sit back and enjoy.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,7/10/2012,40,334,8,7,10>I should be clear that by "Bourbon Grill", they mean cajun-french cooking. They do not, unfortunately, serve bourbon out a window to pedestrians on Colfax. If only.Fortunately, what this restaurant (shack?) does serve out its street-facing window is damn tasty food and lots of it for a tiny price. I've been to bourbon grill more than a handful of times, and somehow, it's always in winter.But you don't notice the cold nipping at your bones as you sit on their window-side picnic table (the only "seating" available) and chow down on amazingly delicious hot food. The chicken is a mixture of white and dark meat, deliciously charred in a slightly sweet and tangy bourbon sauce. There are lots of sides, from fries to pasta, but I always stick with just the chicken. There are even sandwiches.So go. Order food from a window on the sidewalk. Eat at a picnic table. And relish every minute of it.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,7/9/2012,639,447,11,13,22>Yes. This place is still getting 5 stars from me. But I wanted to update my review to commend the staff on some of the best customer service I've ever experienced at a restaurant. So, there I was, albeit 5 minutes late for the 8:30 reservation I had made for my party of 14, but I was standing in the waiting area of Vita waiting for the rest of my party to arrive. Luckily, the hostess had informed me that they were just waiting for a party of 6 to leave before our table was ready, so I wasn't too upset that no one (except my BFF, who knows better than to be late for things that I plan) was there yet. Cut to half an hour later. It's 9 PM. All 14 people are there. Our table is still not ready because this 6 top (even though they paid the bill 30 minutes ago) will not leave. This is NOT Vita's fault. Apparently, this party arrived 45 minutes late for their reservation and then they just stopped paying attention to the world around them. So, I kindly walked over and informed the table that we were, in fact, waiting for them to leave. We had 8:30 reservations and we'd been waiting on them for 45 minutes now. Would they mind going to the bar or somewhere else so that we could eat?Now, this is where the staff stepped in and really won me over. The hostess kindly, but firmly backed my request when this party complained and when they finally did leave (only to complain about me for another 10 minutes to the manager), the staff swooped into action and the tables were cleared and ready to go in 30 seconds. We sat down and they gave us a complimentary round of champagne as well as 3 complimentary apps almost immediately. The hostess said she was sure we were all starving by this point and she didn't want us to have to wait. The rest of the evening was spectacular and our servers were great. Also, my tuna tartar was delish! I really don't like cucumbers, but I devoured them on this dish. Also, they split the tabs on dinner without us even having to ask! It made paying a total breeze.Also, I'd like to include a personal message to all you entitled rich, white 50 somethings: Just because you have everything doesn't mean that you get to treat everyone else in a restaurant, including the hosts, servers and patrons like crap. Be respectful and you'll get respect back. Age does NOT automatically earn my respect.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,7/8/2012,263,617,11,11,11>Working over the weekend, and feeling sorry for myself, I decided that for lunch maybe I needed to hit up that South Broadway club where the Thai Monkeys party. And lemme tell you, it was hot, hot, hot.The drunken noodles, I mean. Almost as good as the Thai Cart lady's, and that's some kinda good."Medium hot" at the TMC was top-of-the-head sweatingly good. Not so over-powering as to make my taste buds roll over in agony, but it did supply the face-smacking, eye-opening tingle of running into Sonia Couling at a Bangkok bikini pool party. (Well, probably enough said about that time in my life).Anyway . . . I'm looking forward to comparing this neighborhood gem to what the Aurora neighbors are getting from Utumporn Killoran (the Thai Cart lady from the 16th St. Mall). I think that would be the Southeast Asian culinary equivalent of a WWE smackdown match between Layla and Aksana (and if you don't know what that means, you're not spending enough drunken time in front of your late night TV).So party on, TMC. You rock.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,7/7/2012,89,321,2,5,6>We had been told about Frijoles a few times and hadn't made it over there. We were in the area last night and figured we'd stop in. We were welcomed by the owners and a spunky little waitress. They asked us what we liked and made sure we got something good. I got the chicken special that had a pineapple sauce on it that was amazing with saffron rice and plantains, my husband got the stake sandwich which was huge and could have easily served both of us, and our friend got the roast pork sandwich. we also got Cuban toast, a bowl of soup, and a little empanada that we all shared all the food was amazing. They let us try the half coffee/half steamed milk stuff with the Cuban toast...I don't even drink coffee. It was amazing. This little restaurant has only been open 5 months but is AMAZING. The waitress was very sweet and helpful and the owners make you feel just like family when you're there. We'll be back there for sure over and over. They were featured in the Westwood and though the prices are listed wrong in there and so are the hours this place is worth checking out. I left in a food comma/daze and could do that 100 times over. All the food we got cost us quite little. Give this place a try!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,7/6/2012,56,506,5,10,6>I recently purchased a very old house (100+ years), and after being in it for only about a month, one of the upstairs windows broke right out of its very, very weathered frame. I contacted several different window companies in the area, and decided to use Colorado Window Source based on my comfort level with the salesperson, Mark, and, of course, the price. Some of the other people who came by quoted a good price, but ran the old trick of trying to force me to sign a contract within 24 hours to get the "deal" - no thanks. CWS's bid was valid for a month. Once I went ahead and made a final decision to go with CWS, I was ready to wait the 4 - 6 weeks they'd originally noted (these windows were an odd size and were specially made). However, they got the whole job done in less than four weeks, which I was really grateful for. Finally, the product itself. I got exactly what I asked for, and the install job looks fantastic. Honestly, I was surprised at how great it looked - I was told that I may have to paint around the edges, but the installer (Jerry) did such a great job matching the caulk that there is barely anything left for me to do. He also climbed out on the roof and picked up the old, broken window (the old windows were painted shut, so I was unable to get it) and disposed of it. I also appreciated that he took the time to show me how they open inward, which will make both sides of the window very, very easy to clean. Love this set!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,7/5/2012,103,577,2,12,13>My favorite place to take my car to get pampered. I usually opt for the options (can't remember the exact name) that add up to $13 (sans the air-freshener)  - but it is well worth every penny.The whole crew does a great job cleaning out the inside and outside thoroughly and I am always satisfied every time they wave at me at the end of the cleaning to claim my car. Plus, it is fun to see your car go by in the foam wash right after you have paid. I've tried a handful of other "fancy" car washes like Waterworks and none of them have ever done as good of a job. Thanks Waterworks, my Subaru thanks you.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,7/4/2012,184,176,10,8,10>Let's start with the bacon beignets. If my boyfreind could have those light deep fried squares of deliciousness sit on his face, he would marry them. I had no idea they served food here. Actually, I was dumbstuck at how wonderful the drinks and food were. All I could utter when I was asked "How is everything?", was gooood (I sounded like Frankenstein's monster) and I also responded with very good. The plates were small but I enjoyed every last lick down to the porclain plate.I didn't have any expectation of this bar other than it was a cool speakeasy concept in the Highlands so I just assumed ambiance and trendy neighborhood bar. I was pleasantly surprised to say the least. Not the kind of bar that you go to just to get drunk. I'm not much of a drinker but I could tell as soon as we sat at the bar that the drinking was going to be a culinary experience so I left it in the hands of our friendly, charming and attentive bartender. For this kind of talent and the quality of a drink the price is definately fair. You can pay the same price for crap in Lodo.It is very dark and cozy here, with one small group table in the corner. I loved that it was so dark, especially since I popped in after work with no make up on! We also went early so it wasn't as crowded. I can see how this place fills up fast and would have long wait times. Reservations are definately recommended.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,7/3/2012,500,166,14,15,15>Now, I don't know about you, but there are many, many days when I simply don't know what the Heckyl-n-Jeckyl I want to eat. At times like these, I'm thankful for the plethora of options at Honey Bee Asian Bistro here in Aurora.Good Lord, I could spend ages just on the Appetizer section alone! Healthy Edamame (young soybeans still in the pod) with sea salt? Cha Siu Bao (steamed buns with barbecued pork)? Egg rolls? Spring rolls? Two, count 'em, two, types of cheese wontons (one with cool avocado, the other with zingy jalapeño)? Should I just order them all, and let the lipids fall where they may?Wait, let me compose and collect myself. I still need to think about my main course. Ooh, that Thai Sriracha dish sounds chili-hot but intriguing. But now that I think about it, I was always kind of partial to to the dried-fish-and-garlic sauce called Sa Cha too. Mango? Mushroom? Orange? Broccoli? And now you're telling me I have to choose between chicken, pork, or beef too? Ooh boy, I may be here a while.Oops, I didn't even see this part of the menu. Thai curries (panang, red, green, pineapple)? Egg noodles with my favorite vegetable-protein-based flavor enhancer, Maggi sauce? Tomato fried rice? Sesame tofu? String beans with garlic? Yikes!Well, since I've looked at everything else, I might as well see what they have for dessert. Sugar donuts? Hmm, that's interesting. Almond cookies? Well, yea, those sound pretty tasty. Maybe a smoothie with a variety of flavors and add-ins (we like the boba... the boba that goes "pop")? Wow, they even have a variation of Patbingsu (Korean shaved ice with fresh fruit).Hmph. Apparently, I may be here all day. Hopefully you're not as indecisive as I am. But no matter what your finger points to, you can't go wrong with the varied vittles at Honey Bee Asian Bistro.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,7/2/2012,242,830,6,8,7>Islamorada reminds me of... Islamorada.  Literally.  I am from Miami, and this place is as close to the real deal as I've found out here.The huge aquariums are cool, as is the post-dinner field trip to Redneck Disney next door.  The decor is an odd twist of Island Chill (Aquariums, fish on the wall, Fish photos, big windows, photos/paintings of Famous Florida Landmarks like the Seven Mile Bridge, etc) and Colorado (Huge Fireplace, stone and Thick Wood rafters.)  It's a mismatched hodgepodge of randomness.  But it keeps your eyes busy.The menu (while a TAD overpriced for someone who is used to the Mahi Mahi being called what it really is (Dolphin, it's a fish. Look it up) and being caught 20 miles out and brought in fresh and priced accordingly. But I'll pay a premium for authentic-ish seafood way out here in Landlubber World.I've tasted a few of their appetizers.  But I usually don't have room after chowing down on their sweet-crusted bread that comes complimentary.  The Fish Tacos were skippable, but the Fried Gator Tail is worthy of a try.  But ask them to leave off the weird, electric green Jalapeno Cream Sauce they drench the Tail in.  The real winner of the appetizers is the highly authentic Smoked Wahoo Dip.  Chunks of Smoked Wahoo with Mayonnaise and smooth smoked fish, onions, and seasonings.  This brings me back to Florida.  It's served with Club Crackers, but I get a side of their House-Made Fresh Chips to go with it.  I like to spritz mine with Lime and hot sauce.  But I DO wish they offered more brands than Tabasco. Their Salmon dishes have always been a crowd pleaser, served with veggies (Broccoli) and Rice.  I really enjoy their Fish and Chips, too.  The fish is fresh and not greasy, and their chips can also be Ranch Potato Wedges.  Noms.I also like to add on a skewer of 5 Scallops for $5.95.  I'm a sucker for  a good scallop, and these tend to not be overcooked and have always been fresh.The service is very hit-or-miss.  We've had amazing, fun, friendly, attentive service, but we've also been neglected and forgotten and ignored.  The bartenders have always been very friendly and pour some great rum drinks to complement the Island Feel of the this place.  Plus, you get to look at the fishies as you get tanked.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/1/2012,113,364,2,9,8>When I went to Nallen's last night, I had a very...unique experience that really proved that what makes this place is the staff.I came in with a friend because were in Lodo and wanted to check out a new place, and actually decided on here through Yelp.The place was crowded but had enough room to move around, and it's a well designed space. My friend and I were able to snag a table and ordered 2 Guinness from a server who was on top of her game and got them to us really quickly, despite the crowd. We really liked the atmosphere-good virtual juke box, plus golden tee and a bowling game, but still that old world pub vibe.Now here's the interesting part. One drunken guy seemed to be annoying another drunken guy who was the table next to us. Things got heated so I started to step back, and the bouncers moved in. There was some exchange of words and then BAM-mace. Yes, mace. The dude at the table next to us straight up sprayed a thick mist of mace.Here's where I realized how awesome the staff is. About 2 seconds later, mr. mace was in a headlock and being escorted out from the bar. We were all hacking, staff included, but the idiot was taken care of right away.So that's what really sets Nallen's apart, I think-a great staff that's looking out for their patrons. I'll be back for sure.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,6/30/2012,80,442,10,5,5>VERY VERY FUN.There's nothing sucky about this thing. You and a bunch of friends (get a group that fills the ride, else it's like Beni hana and could suck if you don't like who's next to you)pedal around lodo stopping at bars. Done. that's it, biking and beer and loud music and blocking traffic.The best part of our ride was the look we got from a passing car. the passenger (clearly from highlands Ranch) had this look like she didn't understand or approve of what we were doing. I just know she turned and said, "See this is why we don't come downtown more" :D
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,6/29/2012,394,368,4,13,11>Wha.. what??? Have I found an Asian fusion place that actually kicks ass?Background: So I've ragged on pretty much every 'fusion' restaurant here in Denver. From completely uncreative delivery to just shoddy, overpriced portions you can grab for a 1/10th of the price elsewhere. You can say I was pretty paranoid about stepping in here, but after reading so many glowing reviews, I'm glad I gave it a shot. Where to start?Exquisite seating right by the window. Love. Friendly service that's attentive but not intrusive. Sweet. The french onion dumplings and Kaya Toast. Da bomb. Oh, and better yet -- a $55 full course dinner for two on Mondays through Wednesdays? Fine, you've got me.Where ChoLon succeeds is their creative approach in mixing in the 'Asian' with more contemporary flavors one does not expect. Much like the whole Korean tacos phenomenon, ChoLon experiments wildly and blows past you with flying colors. What you end up getting is a unique experience unlike any other -- a true fusion of flavors and culture.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,6/28/2012,42,93,6,6,5>Kristen is right... c'est magnifique! I met a southside friend here for lunch and we just loved everything about the place. The omelette feuilletée (a new word for me, too, meaning wrapped in puff pastry) was out of sight, the sandwich "le sud" was savory and even good left over. The owners are a delightful French couple whose visas are up for renewal next year. If they get turned down, I am *so* going home with them.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,6/27/2012,26,51,4,6,5>If you're one of those crazy Denver-ites who hasn't been here yet, hurry.  They make a damn good burger, with lots of fun toppings.  While it's really good, I really feel like Park Burger's status as a burger utopia gets a bit overplayed.  Here's my breakdown:The buns are fresh, warm, and not too dense.  They fulfill my bun philosophy perfectly: light and fluffy and fresh, that serve as a vessel for the burger rather than distracting you from the meat and toppings.  Great job.The meat was good, but a bit disappointing.  It's impossible to talk about Park Burger without talking about the Cherry Cricket, so I'll just mention that Cherry Cricket's meat is better.  It was a tad overcooked, though.Toppings- creative.  A good variety, and they're really lathered on thickly.  I had a guacamole burger (which far too often comes with a light brush of avocado), which was hooked up with a massive scoop of what turned out to be extremely tasty guac.  Great beer selection too.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,6/26/2012,27,196,6,9,5>I can't tell you how many years I drove by this place and never even knew what a "Kolache" was.  My sweetie turned me on (see what I did there?) to these little Russian "pastries" and OMG... I love them!This is the perfect little inexpensive breakfast place. There's a Starbucks right next door to grab some quick coffee and kolaches.  The parking can be a pain though especially with a line of cars in front waiting at the Starbucks drive-thru.  There are plenty of warm kolaches to choose from; meatball, ham, bacon egg and cheese, etc.  as well as fruit filled kolaches like strawberry, blueberry, and apricot, etc. and I'll take kolaches over doughnuts for breakfast hands down.I really do love coming here but unfortunately you do have to get here early to get the best selection because after 10 am it seems that all the best kolaches have already been snatched up and the seemingly nice employees seem rather reluctant to make any fresh ones because they close at 2 pm and would rather not let anything go to waste than bake some more fresh kolaches for us mid-morning/afternoon noshers who like to sleep in.  I guess if I REALLY want that meatball kolache I'm going to have to get my tired ass out of bed early or I'm gonna be S.O.L.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,6/25/2012,40,46,4,10,5>Couple of weekends back I got an early morning text from my niece. She likes a proper, traditional breakfast but hadn't found many great spots in her 'hood and was seeking suggestions. I typed back Snooze.Haven't heard from her since Sunday. Chances are she's still in line.Denver (and the 'burbs) need more get-out-of-jammy-pants-and-into-the-kind-that-zip-­worthy breakfast options. Joints like Snooze and Lucile's are A.M urban legends. I've only been to each once when strategic scheduling resulted in more sitting than queuing up time - midweek on the way to the airport and one weekend tucked away in a cozy vintage hotel in Fort Collins after a comically early Sunday walk (and quest to soak up much alcohol consumed the night before).So when I found out Kentucky-based Wild Eggs was hatching locally, and after I got an invite to meet the Denver-based owner and peck at the menu on them (a perk of writing a blog about local food and eating it), I was game to give it a crack*.*Promise, no more oh-so-easy chicken and egg platitudes and metaphors. Think I've been reading too many sunny foodie blogs and reviewers.Do yourself a solid and start with a glass of OJ, squeezed fresh on the spot and so yellow and über bright it's like looking directly at the sun. The coffee is strong and solid, like good diner coffee should be. Wild Eggs picked the blend after extensive and exclusive tastings. It's good and fine if you like strong and solid coffee.My hosts offered up plate after plate. A definite stand out, the grits. They serve them plain any time as well as an "of the day" variety. I scooped up the Five-Cheese (recall three of the five as pepper jack, havarti and cheddar), creamy and dreamy with a little kick. Plus bacon, topped and stirred in. Even took a bag of those Kentucky born and raised pearls home.Also kicking' it KY style, the Chipotle Biscuits and Gravy, a couple of crumbly, light and perfect pucks smothered in spicy gravy with loads of cracked black pepper visible to the eye.Even when it comes to breakfast, I'm more savory than sweet preferring bacon and bennies to waffles or sweets. But I'd reconsider for a bite of the Clementine's Creamsicle Crepes (crepes filled with sweetened cream cheese and orange marmalade, Grand Marnier Suzette Sauce, toasted macadamia nuts, fresh orange supremes, whipped cream, powdered sugar and cinnamon). It made the saliva pockets in the back of my jaw squirt crazy.As is my mantra, always give the local specialties a try and at Wild Eggs that's the Kelsey "KY" Brown (toasted sourdough bread, roasted turkey, applewood smoked bacon, diced tomato, white cheddar Mornay, fried egg and smoked paprika.). Sort of the Kentucky take on the St Louis slinger, a salty and chewy stack of gravy, cheese and meat over toast.Call off the APB because the niece reappeared, again looking for breakfast recommendations. She texted after that she preferred the Wild Eggs Lox and Bagel Bennie to the similar-but-not-the-same Upstream Benny served at Snooze.I call it a tie, but don't tell.Because the queue at Wild Eggs is still doable.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,6/24/2012,389,548,4,9,8>I've been coming here with my mom since Highlands was still "up and coming" (10+ years) and it still hasn't lost it's luster.  Unfortunately, I don't make it over that often anymore and this weekend's brunch convinced me that I should amend that.First of all, they were incredibly accomodating with our group of six plus a baby, especially since I called frantically a half hour before during prime brunch hour.  And by squeeze, I mean squeeze.  This place is in a house and it's tiny.Everyone in our group seemed to really dig what they were eating.  I had a fried green tomato benedict with spinach and squash and chipotle hollandaise and it pretty much ruled.  The boyfriend had a creamed corn benedict on corn muffins with mushrooms and it also ruled.  They also have really tasty, heavily seasoned potatoes and entree prices aren't outrageous given the quality of the food (about $8-$10).I recall dinner being delicious as well.  My favorite dish was mustard brie pasta with broccoli and portabella mushrooms as a teenager.  I'm not certain but they may still be able to make this if you ask really nicely.  As mentioned, it's been years since I've had dinner here, but I need to amend that.Most importantly though, save room for dessert.  I usually don't, but I'm sure that's why to go containers were invented.  Notably, they have awesome bread pudding (flavors rotate) with a caramelly buttter sauce.  If you get it to go, they'll dish the sauce up separately so it can be melted and drizzled later.  They also have some other stuff (tiramisu and whatnot) but the bread pudding wins my heart everytime.A true Highland Square gem!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/23/2012,44,170,3,4,3>AlI you need to know is TAP BURGER!  I mean pulled pork and onion rings on an awesome burger.  I'm drooling just typing this.  Place is awesome:  Nice bar with good beer selection.  Bartenders are super cool and friendly.  I'll be back very very soon!Recently had the Pulled Pork Sandwich!  I inhaled it so I will have to get back to you on how it tasted!  (Fantastic)
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,6/22/2012,317,414,4,4,3>Its always fun to bring someone new here and let them experience the fresh food explosion at Garbanzo...I have been bringing new co-workers here for a few months and without fail, they all have enjoyed the food and even want to return!Now that the sun is shining longer and its a little warmer outside they have arranged outdoor seating to escape the hubbub during high-traffic times...its the thing to do!I will say that the only detractor is the somewhat cramped seating combined with the constant crowd during lunch time...it can get too noisey to eat inside and carry on a conversation near the front of the store. Even with that I still love it.The hummus is so creamy, the vegetable salad is amazing that all those vegetables get chopped into little cubes and the sauces are amazing!I never order them but the chips rock too...god I just want to eat an entire basket full whenever anyone else orders them to "share".
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,6/21/2012,131,258,1,8,8>I had never heard of this place until it was suggested by a friend to meet up here and sit outside.  When I walked inside I didn't even KNOW there was an outside!!  It's blocked in by a super tall fence and has tons of trees and shrubbery so you don't feel like you are right next to another business or street.  The back patio basically ROCKED.Service was stellar (it was a week night and it was pretty empty but she could have forgotten about us and she didn't).  Good list of HH specials, good beers.i had the chicken nachos.  Tomatoes seemed fresh, chicken was well seasoned.  I'd eat it again.Casual "pub" feel inside and out.  I'll definitely come back!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,6/20/2012,24,144,6,5,6>I have a bit of a bone to pick...Not with the Crawling Crab, but with Federal Blvd.  Federal... stop hogging all of the best cheap food in all of Denver.  I hate having to travel 30 min from the east side to feed my addiction to cajun food, pho, etc.  Share the love!As for Crawling Crab... it is of course amazingly good.  The hot seasoning is a little hotter than Red Claw or Asian Cajun, which I like.  Hot should be hot.  The menu is pretty small, but that doesn't matter too much... you're going to want to order some boiled seafood.  I had shrimp with the all in seasoning hot, which I highly recommend.  $8.99 buys a whole lot of shrimp.  The cajun fries are also quite good.The only slight drawback was the service.  It was nice enough, but a bit slow.  I was waiting for a drink refill for way too long considering that the place wasn't very busy.  It wasn't terrible by any means, but it really was too long to wait.  I'd take off 1/2 star for this, but since the food is so good I'm rounding back up to 5.Overall, I'd rank the 3 asian influenced cajun places on or near federal in the order of Asian Cajun, Crawling Crab, Red Claw, but to be honest you really can't go wrong at any of these places.  One good plus is that Crawling Crab has a number of different kinds of crab available.  I will definitely come back and try something new.Can Federal be diverted way to the East?  It would totally be worth the millions of dollars.. trust me.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/19/2012,232,372,2,6,5>We stopped in for dinner during the First Friday Art Walk.  I purposely didn't make a reservation because I didn't want to be pinned down to a schedule during my stroll down Santa Fe.  Although we were told it would be a 30 minute wait, we barely had time to suck down our drinks at the bar before our table was ready.We started our meal with a couple of appetizers.  Mr. P. couldn't resist the chicken livers and he was quite happy with the buffalo sauce in place of his usual ketchup.  He declared them yummy.  I chose the mac & cheese.  It was not rich with yellow cheddar cheese like I am used to but it was rather light yet still very cheesy with a nice crispy crust on top.  It was served in a cute little crock and I made sure to save some so we could share the rest with our fried chicken entrees.I read somewhere that the kitchen has a special way of preparing its fried chicken.  I asked our server about it and she said something about confit, a buttermilk dredge, and I think there was a third thing.  We were both intrigued.  As Southerners, we had never heard of such a complicated way of frying chicken.  The result was a crunchy, evenly proportioned, and flavorful skin.  Unfortunately, the overly fussy preparation made the texture of the white meat extremely mushy.  The thigh and leg potions that I ate the next day were very good (as fried chicken tends to be the next day).  That's right, the dish comes with almost half a chicken (minus the wing).  The accompanying pork belly green beans sauteed with mushrooms and onions were absolutely delicious - a fabulous modern interpretation of an old comfort classic.As I looked around the dining room, I noticed other people enjoying burgers or sandwiches with gigantic mounds of fries.  I think I will go that route next time.  Whatever you order at Interstate, it seems you are guaranteed a huge portion.  As other reviews have stated, there is also a large selection of whiskey, bourbon, and beers.  Mr. P. was thrilled to see that they offer both local favorites Stranahan's and Leopold's.This establishment is pretty evenly divided between a large dining area and a spacious bar with plenty of seating, including a small patio.  The decor is an eclectic mix of modern, retro, and rustic.  There are cool lighting fixtures throughout the space and other decorative hanging fixtures made of things like old car tail lights and cake pans.  And for a splash of kitsch, you get candy cigarettes with your bill.  And yes, they taste just like you remember.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,6/18/2012,77,178,2,3,4>I cannot get enough of their Happy Hour!!! Yummy drinks the Sangria and the Cucumber Martini is my favs. Plus great Tapas at great prices!!! Also Monday night is 1/2 of Wine night. This means 1/2 off every bottle of wine they have, and let me tell you they have a wonderful wine list!!! Also for those that don't know Tapas are small plates meant to be ordered to share and in a slow pace. So order two or three things share with your guest, and then if still hungry you order two to three more. So on and so forth, this is the best way to eat Tapas!!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,6/17/2012,22,43,11,4,3>We are recent converts to Indian food. We've been to a few places and enjoyed much of what we've tried. And tonight we tried the Bombay Palace. I don't think I'll go back to Yak and Yeti or India Cafe again. The food here was succulent, freshly prepared, and truly tasty. The prices are far less than Yak and Yeti and I found the food tasted more fresh and home-made. My son had the kids tandoori chicken which was 2 pieces and rice. GREAT portion for $5. Hubby and I shared the mixed grill - and the only reason they lost a star. The mixed grill tasted phenomenal,  however it was almost twice as much as the tandoori chicken because it included lamb and shrimp. I was disappointed we only got 2 shrimp and 2 pieces of lamb. Not worth the extra price imo. The naan was the best I've ever had. And the perfect ending to the meal was the rice pudding... I can't recall the name! ACK! It'll come to me as soon as I click post, just watch. It was decadent yet comfort food. It was smooth yet layered flavored. Phenomenal. Please - try it. You'll thank me. All in all this is one of the best dining experiences I've had. And I hate to take away a star but I really do feel the mixed grill was a bit skimpy. I can't wait to try the buffet soon.KHEER! that's it. Phew, It's called kheer.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,6/16/2012,39,115,3,6,7>Euclid Hall proved to us why all my friends rave about it and it keeps making must try restaurants of Denver. For anyone who doesn't think we have a rich and vibrant restaurant scene, they should stop in here and be amazed.On a whim BF and I decided to go to Euclid Hall. He wasn't that thrilled, since he really didn't know anything, but I was quite intrigued. It was a Saturday night at 7pm so, of course, there was a line. We got to the hostess and found out it was only 30 minutes so we decided to wait it out. Not 10 minutes later the hostess asked if we would want to sit at the Chef's Table (bar right in from of the kitchen); We loved the idea so took the offer. Really glad we did, because the action was awesome and we had a front row view of almost everything they serve. Veal Sweetbreads - This was their appetizer special. I'd always wanted to do sweetbreads, so this was a win. They were cooked perfectly and there was a to die for morel mushroom sauce with them. Yum yum yumBone Marrow - I thought I had had good bone marrow before, but this just blew the others away. They serve a large piece of femur with yet another amazing sauce. Glad we ordered two since once I got a bite there was no way I wanted to share. Sausage Tasting - A Selection of their four Hand Cranked Sausages with four house made mustards. Tasty tasty tasty. We debated the whole time over which one was better and that includes the mustards too. It's a pretty big selection so we brought some home to enjoy today. I actually can't wait. Smores Pot de Creme - This was the proverbial cherry on the sundae. Between the homemade graham crackers and homemade marshmallow, I was making sounds that may have made others around me a little uncomfortable. It is super rich, but so good I couldn't leave any behind. Wow is all I can say!Service - Our server was friendly and knowledgeable. Yes everyone seemed pretty hipster, but it's Lodo. I don't hold that against them or the restaurant. We received all of our food in a timely manner and our drinks stayed filled. I find it annoying when I read reviews where people expect their server to be their new best friend. We will definitely be going back and recommending Euclid Hall to our friends.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,6/15/2012,26,45,,13,12>Best Thai food I've ever had! The food is fresh, authentic, and bursting with perfectly coordinated flavors. Ate there twice in one week and expect to be there many more times. No dish has failed to please me in this restaurant but I must highlight that the curries are exceptional- best panang I've ever had! Ing, a co-owner is very welcoming and will even teach you a few words in Thai if you so desire. Pleasant atmosphere and excellent for both dinner and lunch (prices are good!).
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,6/14/2012,306,629,8,6,7>This place has an identity crisis, but I liked it.  By the name, you can tell it's mostly trying to be a wine bar.  For the most part, it succeeds-- the wine menu is huge and has a nice variety.  It may not be a particularly innovative wine list, but I got to try an albarino for the first time, and they had a lot of wines I didn't recognize.  Most of the wines by the glass are around $9, but you could spend a lot more if you were so inclined.  The food menu was on the expensive side, so I was glad we ate dinner first. We did have dessert with our round of red wine, and the chocolate fondant was delicious, but super rich.  Our server was friendly and had good wine suggestions, but was a little hard to catch once the place got busy.When it got busy was also when the vibe changed.  Until 8:30 or so it seemed like an ordinary wine bar-- background music but easy to have a conversation.  When the band started (an oldies cover band of some sort), you could barely hear yourself think, much less your friend talk, and the over-50 crowd hit the dance floor en masse, which was simultaneously strange and awesome.  This obviously isn't totally a bad thing, it's just not what I think of when I think "wine bar."My friend lives close to here and I am a fan of wine, so even though I'm confused as to what they are, I'll probably be back.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,6/13/2012,133,530,6,7,7>Aaaaahhhhhh Snooze!!!! Now we see what the hype is all about. This place seriously rocks for breakfast. We waited for about 30 minutes and there was coffee provided which is a nice touch added to the wait. After being seated at the bar, we tried to narrow it down to our choice and the bar tender was super friendly. Since we were Snooze virgins, he brought over a single upside down cake pancake for us to feast on with our coffee and fresh squeezed OJ. The vanilla sauce and cinnamon whipped butter were so decadent and sweet! I loved how the hash browns are cylindrical; crisp on top and warm and soft on the bottom. I had the three egg scramble and added Swiss, ham and avocado plus I loved the option of having tortilla! My hubby ally enjoyed the breakfast pot pie; creamy sausage gravy is the bomb! This is officially our new favorite breakfast place. It only took us over a year to get here!!!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,6/12/2012,154,335,10,9,8>Why have I taken so long to review this place?At one point or another restaurant's start to gain personalities to you. There's the sexy Ex-Wife type of restaurant. With pretty decor and a promising menu that inevitably leaves you  broke and still hungry wondering why you wasted all those hours of your life when you leave. There's the college girlfriend restaurant. A  little bit wild but not too wild it offers you all those off the wall foods you dreamed of tasting at home but were too young and scared to try. Yet when the crazy food combinations and exotic drinks grow boring and you wake up the next morning with no cash and a mouth that tastes like an African safari you find your love of the exotic curiously waning. There's the high school girlfriend restaurant. Its slick and can be found every where but even with its cheap prices and predictably trendy offerings you find yourself wishing for something with more substance.  There's the mom restaurant, where everything is a little too big, the waitstaff is a little to familiar and the bill ends up being the exact same every time because you go there for your favorites  and never deviate.Tzatziki's is the famed grandma restaurant. When you walk in its clean and comfortable without that first date atmosphere or decor. The staff is friendly. the portions are large.T he price is less then you'd expect for the quality of food you get. The food is warm, filling and tasty. Try the Fatouche and be prepared to ward off forks from your friends in what might end up being the great salad battle. Eat grape leaves with your fingers and I dare you not to lick them afterwards.  Nibble on some garlic chicken or anything lamb and you'll find yourself making noises not usually heard outside of the bedroom.Now I remember why I've been going here for years and never reviewed it. Just like the kid who doesn't want to share their favorite grandma with their brothers and sisters I just didn't want to share this small gem  with the world.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,6/11/2012,197,231,4,9,6>As someone who worked with CBHI during the home-buying process to evaluate two different prospective houses, I have to say that JIm from CBHI was just flat awesome.  I'm not a first time buyer and I can say that Jim's attention to detail and his professionalism was like night and day from my previous experience with another inspector.Here's some reasons I recommend CBHI and Jim:- He encouraged me to follow him through out the house and ask tons of questions (even stupid ones).- He spends the time necessary to really dig in.  Our inspections each took 4 hours and he scoured the house from top to bottom.- CBHI has a solid professional referral network.  I needed further analysis of a few items and his referrals were very reasonably priced and very professional.- Jim was SUPER nice.  He's happy to explain items and cool to chat with.- Both of our CBHI inspection reports were over 30 pages long with a great prefacing summary and details with pictures of everything following it.  This was very very helpful when determining any negotiation items during the process.Look, here's the deal.  I could on and on about JIm and his business.  But I won't.  I'll just say that it was money very well spent to learn about our new home and frankly for piece of mind.  I'd rather pay this guy something on the order of hundreds than find out my place is money pit after I lose my earnest money.  He's a good guy and is an expert at what he does.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,6/10/2012,133,398,5,7,8>When did Moscow Mules come back in style? Great drink. Interesting HH crowd on a friday night. Very, very loud and everyone tended to stand around towards the entrance. Luckily we were able to find a couple of booths and sit down. We had to flag down a waitress (slow service), but otherwise good service after that.I ordered sausage sandwiches, and friends ordered fries with bacon & cheese. How can you go wrong with bacon and cheese? Yum. I love that this bar offers daily Happy Hour specials. I will have to come back to try out the Dark & Stormy as that sounds like a delicious drink.I have heard that the prior establishment was a scary place. Prohibition is definitely not that place at all. Beautifully designed, even  to the bathroom. When we were there, there was a petition for a patio and I hope that it's granted. It would give it a little more space. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,6/9/2012,809,1185,5,12,9>On my home from work one night and looking for a different place to try, brought up my bookmarks on my trusty Yelp Mobile App and found Empanada Express.You could drive right by this place if you're not looking carefully.  It's right by the Subway at the corner of Colfax and Colorado Blvd for your reference.The place was empty when arrived around dinner time and only two ladies working.  The place is actually very cute on the inside, if you want a quiet dining experience I would recommend eating in like I did.  Service was very friendly.  The menu is pretty simple and can seem limited if you're used to pages of menu options.  Personally I like a limited menu, it makes me believe the place is confident in these dishes and can make them perfectly.  If you notice when Robert Irvine of Restaurant Impossible fixes restaurants he almost always strips the menu down considerably.  I would rather a small option and cooked to perfection than a ton of variety and just mediocre.  Back to the true review.I ordered a Mango juice, the dinner platter with a pork empanada with two sides.  I can't remember what it's called but I got something similar to mozzarella sticks but so much better and a side salad.  The mozzarella like things I got were fried in a way I've never had before, cheese gooey and tasty the way it should be.  The side salad was served with cucumber and avocado.  Two tasty sauces on the side, the red one was a kick that was pleasantly surprising and a green one with cilantro I think.  Now to the empanada.  This is my first empanada EVER and I was going to savor the moment.  The emapanada was perfectly fried with a great crust on the inside, you should hear the crunch as you cut into it for the first bite.  The empanada was delectable, shredded pork with melted cheese with every morsel.  Perfect size for dinner.While I was there I also noticed they do an exceptional take out business and you can walk in and order and have your order within 10 minutes - all scratch made.  Delicious, and I can see myself picking up some to go on my way home from work.  Less than $15 for sublime food.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,6/8/2012,174,419,5,6,7>I was going to write a review, waxing poetic about how good the iced lattes are (compared to Starbucks, I know, because here they actually pull the shots), and how it's awesome getting a bag of cheese and green chili bagels (two different kinds, that is) on a discount because they're from yesterday, and they've got a nice breakfast and lunch selection and a glass display full of wonderful looking cinnamon rolls, muffins, brownies, and cookies...But really all that needs to be said can be said in six words:Chocolate-drizzed coconut macaroons.  Oh, my.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,6/7/2012,137,262,5,4,5>Rocket Fizz is sort of like a love child of Dylan's Candy Bar and an old western dime store candy shop. They have barrels of candy from seemingly every era when candy was made. But wait, there's more! They have an amazing selection of sodas. Sweet Baby Jesus, they carry Dr. Brown's and Virgil's, two of my favorites. The store layout is attractive, but i had a hard time figuring out how it was organized. By type? Flavor? I have no idea, but I managed to find my way around just fine and ended up with a nice heavy bag to take home. My husband, shameless man that he is, actually brought his Virgil's into Capital Grill and proceeded to drink it at the table with his meal. I'm not sure I would make the trek downtown specifically to go to Rocket Fizz, but I'm sure glad I checked it out and will definitely take home a few 4-packs of my favorites next time I'm in the area.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,6/6/2012,306,1103,7,10,10>Hmmmm....everysinglereviewis five stars---has to mean some shady stuff is going on in Yelp world right?Negative, this place rocks.I would have never known about this place if I didn't work out right across the street from Urban Mattress. While I'm ellipticalling my life away, I face it and on special days get to see a sign holder facing Colorado Blvd dancing his little, mattress lovin' heart away.I got sick of sleeping on air mattress (ok not really, I'm cheap, didn't want to buy a real mattress and it got a hole in it) so Urban came to mind when I wanted to find a new mattress. I went to their website and they didn't have their inventory online-boo so I stopped by one night last week to taste those babies out. It was near closing time and only one guy working there (Adam I believe) and he was wonderful. He asked me what I was looking for and wasn't pushy in the least and after trying out a few beds my mind was made up. I was in there for a total of 15 minutes and thats exactly what I'm looking for when I'm making a big purchase--I don't need time to rethink my actions and second guess myself! They had some spots open for a weekend delivery which is perfect since I'm an 8-5er during the week. A unique thing about them that impressed me was that they donate 2% of your sale to a local charity (they owners used to work in the non profit sector). I got my bed delivered yesterday afternoon and it's pure bliss, so much so that I didn't want to get out of bed this morning--that never happens to me! I have other places to review on Yelp but I think I'm just going to sleep, hello beautiful, comfortable bed at a very affordable price!!Trust the reviews on here, this place is legit and fantastic :)
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,6/5/2012,218,194,3,7,7>I guess you could say that I had been "saving" Fruition for a special occasion.  I've been wanting to check it out for a few years now and for some reason I just hadn't made it in yet.  All that changed when my girlfriend and I went for a romantic dinner a couple of Wednesdays ago. What a great experience!  I was a little worried it might be a little too upscale but once we arrived and were seated it was obvious that things were going to be cool, even if we were both wearing jeans.  Fruition is a fairly small place, which adds to the cozy ambiance.  I'm sure it's a tough place to get a table anytime of the day/week without reservations.  For starters I went with the Pasta Carbonara, which was nothing like the typical version of the dish.  This was kind of deconstructed in that it was a good sized piece of pork belly over homemade cavatelli with a 6 minute egg on top, all in a rich broth.  It was outstanding!  My GF went for the bay scallops, which were also awesome.I had the Grilled Bavette Steak Oscar, which came with bits of blue crab and fingerling potatoes that I think were fried and then smashed, not sure on that part but it was all great!  It also had some foraged mushrooms mixed in, which are always a great addition to a steak.  And of course the Black Truffle Hollandaise over the top added to the flavor of everything.  The steak came out at a perfect medium rare and was melt in your mouth good!  She had the duck breast, which she ordered medium.  It came out exactly how she wanted it prepared, and the skin had the perfect amount of crispiness to it.  It came with risotto that paired nicely with the dish.  She loved it, and I enjoyed every bite I could get her to share.We skipped dessert and got another bottle of wine, which they had plenty of good ones to choose from that didn't completely break the bank.  I will DEFINITELY be back to Fruition in the near future.  And I have added it to my list of places to bring guests to town in order to show them that Denver has some truly exceptional restaurants!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,6/4/2012,114,168,1,16,15>Gary Lee took a run down building, and made it a work of art.  He built the bar from the ground up, using repurposed materials from rail yards and engines.  The beer taps alone are a reason to come in and check this place out!Beyond the ambiance is the quality of drink, food, and service.   I had a long island iced tea which was of course perfect, and a few appetizers.  The chicken wings have a great smoky taste and fall off the bone - there is a choice of sauces.  The sweet potato fries came with a bacon- something sauce that was really great.  I can't wait to try more.Gary Lee put his heart and soul into this incredible restaurant and it shows in every detail.  Go in TODAY and support him!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2011,6/3/2012,315,429,6,8,9>Where to begin?  I had heard accolades about Sputnik for ages, but have never found my way here.  Thankfully, Miss Carly B suggested it for our book club location for this month.  Perfect pairing for the novel!Sputnik is dark, but welcoming.  Plenty of space is to be had at the long bar or at the cozy booths.The food was surprisingly tasty; I had the green falafel pita and it was nom worthy.  I took everyone's advice and added a side of the sweet potato fries: definitely a good decision!  Dip these bad boys in siracha ranch sauce, oh my!  Fantastic!In short, two words:  hipsters' paradise.  That being said, there's nothing wrong with that!  The hipster at the bar knitting his next beanie certainly kept me entertained.  Good food, cheap drinks, good service.  Sputnik is a little rough around the edges, but I dug it.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,6/2/2012,459,806,3,7,9>2012 Review #97:Every time I watch "Good Eats," and Alton Brown goes to a butcher, I think, "we don't have anywhere like that." Well, thanks to Edwards, now I do. Edwards is a great meat emporium, with everything from fully prepared specialty items, like stuffed breasts of chicken or duck, to smoked meats, to cuts of raw meat and wood chips with which to smoke meat at home. I've come in a few times, and have gotten several different products. The first time I was really impressed was when I wanted a small amount of good quality ham. I could only find giant, $20 hams, and went to the deli counter to ask for help. Not only did the employee offer to take a larger ham and cut a smaller piece to my desired thickness, he even thanked me for the request, saying, "now we have ham ready for sandwiches!" In another visit I got some spicy teriyaki beef jerky and some peppered bacon. That jerky, although spendy, is some of the best I have ever had. The bacon, although good, was surprisingly not salty. Maybe I'm accustomed to cheaper stuff or something.My last visit, we were after sausage. It was Sunday, it was nice out, and we wanted to grill. I looked at my clock and saw that Edward's closed in 10 minutes. I called and asked if I could still come by, and they said yes. When we got there they had turned off their "open" sign, but they still let us come in, browse, and buy some Bacon Brats and Jalapeno brats. Both were incredibly tasty with crispy natural casings, but the service really blew us away. When we thanked the clerk for letting us sneak in, she said, "Well, they still have to clean, so if I have to stay there's no reason you shouldn't be able to come in." She was really kind and didn't pressure us to hurry up in any way. They do stock some everyday items here, like peanut-butter and produce, but they are a little pricier. They also have interesting things, like spice mixes and rubs, some ethnic items, and nice dried foods like mushrooms. Oh, and of course, a whole, frozen tur-duck-en. So, no matter what adventure in meat you're craving, Edward's has your number, and awesome service to go with it.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,6/1/2012,4,2,,13,13>I was able to schedule a move very quickly with the owner, Matt, and I was given what he promised.  The guys were really awesome.  They had a rough move in the morning, one before mine, but when they arrived to move me--they did their job quickly and professionally.  They even took really good care of a very special picture of mine which was hard to move.  They did it without a scratch and with a smile, too!  Thanks, Guys.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,5/31/2012,476,701,3,7,7>Koobideh!! Yowsa that's good! I followed Scott B's lead and went with the Persian style dish that the very nice owner Azita recommended. It's similar in appearance to what I've had at other Mediterranean style restaurants but  the main difference was the amount of flavor! Very tasty and the salad with a balsamic vinaigrette and saffron rice and grilled crisp flatbread were all winners as well. I'm so into places like this! A gas station where the garage was turned into a kitchen. Too cool! I'll be back. Maybe tomorrow? : )
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,5/30/2012,90,221,5,7,7>This place is a sweet stop on Colfax!!! They have great atmosphere, good food, authentic beers, and nice bar tenders.  Also, the large selection of infused vodka's doesn't hurt anything. I highly recommend getting the horseradish infused vodka with a pickle chaser!!! Hmmm...my mouth just started to water.  I've been here 20 times and have never had a bad time.  Both the front and back patios are great spots on a hot summer day and the authentic inside of the bar makes it a perfect place to stop by for a drink.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,5/29/2012,185,459,9,10,8>Sweet Sonova Monkey Spank!  This was one of the best experiences I have had dining out in a very long time!  Everything from the in door to the out door was perfect!  (Granted it was the same door, but I don't think that makes a difference in this particular case.)I got there first as an excuse to start drinking, so I ordered an Old Fashioned.  As I sipped my cocktail I explored the inventory of the bar as well as the menu.  They have a great inventory, but not a massive one.  It's the same with the menu, it's small and fresh which makes for a much better meal in my experience. Keep it small, simple, and fresh.  And they do.  Once we all arrived we were seated immediately and treated like royalty.  Our server was phenomenal, completely on his game.  No glass of water, wine or whiskey was left empty, (or even half full, for that matter.)  And while we're on the subject of whiskey, The Macallan Ice Ball maker made for a great surprise (and a great way to sip 18 year old scotch. )To start with we had scallops, meatballs, and warm ricotta, and I highly recommend all of them.  My entree was a tough choice between the lamb bolognese and the spinach falafel.  At the high recommendation of our server, I went with the latter, and it was absolutely incredible.  I also got to sample the former, anyway, and while the lamb was tender and the sauce was delicious, I was very glad I went with the falafel.  They even brought a free dessert for the lady who chose this place, it being her birthday and all.  The portions were of a perfect size, not a massive amount and nobody was hungry after,I was amazed at how much I enjoyed Ambria.  It ain't terribly cheap, but I can't wait to come back!  Well done!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,5/28/2012,614,1007,5,12,6>I like it. Cheap and good, what else can you ask for?I went to the driving range to hit balls. Putting range. Drive range. I am a beginner, so this was all new to me, and I loved it. It seemed perfect for my non-existent game.The clubhouse is decent.The pro shop was busy, but the guys were aware of every customer and hooked us up with tokens quickly.You can get a couple clubs to practice with if you don't have your own.Sale clothes.Very reasonable cart/ course rates.And balls are $10 for the BIG bucket. Brilliant.It is located right off York, and convenient to downtown and the uptown neighborhoods. Golf! right in the center of the city. I love my town!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,5/27/2012,93,249,2,6,5>Linger is a hip and trendy restaurant whose hipness and trendiness was reflected in the fact that we had to book a reservation several weeks in advance, and then had to wait about 40 minutes to be seated when we arrived on time.  Gotta give a tip of the hat to them, though.  Our server apologized for the wait and brought out some freebies to smooth things over:  a Chicken B'stilla for us carnivores, and some Samosas for our vegetarian friends.Since we dined with another couple, we had the opportunity to try several things on the menu.  This is, of course, the key to coming to Linger.  More diners at your table = more opportunities to try things.  And try things, we did!The Mongolian BBQ Duck Bun was tasty and one of the best I think I've had.  Super moist meat in a puffy steamed sesame bun pocket.  I wish I had another stomach to eat a dozen of these.We also tried the Seasonal Ceviche, the Popper "Breakdown", the Saag Paneer "Fries", the Masala Dosa, and the Roasted Butternut Squash.  Everything was well prepared and tasty, but not to the point that I would do cartwheels over it.  Yeah, you get a good meal, but the price to quality & quantity ratio was a bit steep.I also sampled the Hemingway Daiquiri and was pleased to note that they do NOT skimp on the alcohol.  The drink is small but strrrrrrong.But wait! There's more!  We also had a Mississipi Mud Pie and an Ovaltine and Oreos for dessert.  The mud pie was a bit underwhelming:  smooth and silky, but not chocolatey enough for my taste.  The Ovaltine-based dessert, on the other hand, was phenomenal.  Smooth, melt-in-your-mouth chocolatey delicious and the malt sauce made me want to lick the plate.  That, ladies n' gents, is a dessert!I'd like to return.  Maybe after the buzz has dissipated a bit, though.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,5/26/2012,515,852,3,8,8>I ran all the way to Walker Ranch from my house after returning from the Colorado Convention Center for a morning meeting. It was soooo gorgeous, clear and mild, I couldn't help myself.Really, I ran the whole way (mostly downhill). Once inside the park and its 7-mile trail, it's all enjoyment, all fun. The trails are easy, scenic and span several mini-zones: from low lush creek/gulch bed with Aspens and other greenery, to high, dry mountain trail in the sun - with everything in between. You can, as I did, split off to the north (left) and take the S. Boulder Creek trail to Meyer's Gulch, which let's out on Flagstaff Rd.Simple. All in about 7 or 8 miles. Oh, ...I saw three people on the trail. Mountain Lion habitat, too. yelp.com/biz_photos/l5WDBut I've seen only one lion here in Boulder - ever.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,5/25/2012,61,369,2,8,5>Expect a wait on the weekends.  Arrived at 9:30 on Sunday and had a 1/2 hour wait.  They offer complimentary coffee while you wait which is a nice touch.  The space itself is nice and open with an industrial loft feel.  The menu had many offerings: waffles, french toast, omelets, benedicts, biscuits.  I settled on the brie omelet with shallots, red peppers and mushrooms($8.00).  It was delicious and came with a side of fruit, potatoes and toast.  Bf got the PB&J French toast ($8.00) which was delicious and SUPER filling.  You do have to pay extra for a side of gravy, etc.  Our $28 bill consisted of 2 dishes, 2 side dishes and a coffee.  We took home the left over french toast and my bf had breakfast again for the next day.  Will definitely be back and worth the wait.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,5/24/2012,203,265,1,10,6>This place is my Shangri-La!  It is an earthly paradise for gardeners, ranging from masters to beginners.  Tagawa has literally acres of indoor and outdoor plants including beautiful flowers, every type of tree and shrub, blooming display gardens and every accoutrement for gardening & outdoor design that you could want.  I usually allot extra time when I visit so that I can just wander and get inspired.  Don't miss their incredible water garden offerings, vegetable starters, great moss selection and hanging baskets sale extraordinaire!**This place can get pricey but with careful planning you can really score a beautiful garden and unique perennial oasis.  You have everything you need to make your own inspired design creations with edible greens and herbs paired with flowering annuals.See you at Tagawas!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,5/23/2012,702,888,4,9,11>I had held off coming here after reading a few poor reviews and hearing mixed things from from friends. I finally made it for brunch recently and this place shot to the top of my brunch favorites list. The menu was just crazy! I dug the incorporation of local beers into many of the dishes, like my vanilla porter infused cinnamon raisin bread french toast ($10), the beer-naise sauce, the agave wheat beer-mosa and other clever menu touches. If I were creating my dream brunch menu woven around beer - especially Colorado craft beers - I'd hope it would be this creative and delicious. My french toast also came topped with Stranahan's whiskey bacon butter! Plus a few strips of bacon on the side. Talk about amazing. I'm definitely stealing the idea. My next visit, I'll be ordering the lobster and shrimp over chipotle grits with brie ($13). Or maybe the apple cranberry multi-grain pancakes ($9). The toast served with other breakfast dishes looked really good too - thick but super soft and oat-topped with fresh jam. My beer-mosa ($3) was light and refreshing and the sips I stole of the bloody mary were perfectly seasoned, savory and spicy ($4 or $10 bottomless, yeah!). Our server was so awesome, he noticed that my husband removed the olives from his second bloody, and the third bloody came out sans olives. Thoughtful. The service was overall great and fast, with no wait for a table! Rare anywhere in Denver on a weekend at 10:30am much less this busy neighborhood. Regular mimosas are $4 or $12 for bottomless. I loved the open air feel even sitting inside due to the plentiful open and raised floor-to-ceiling windows, and of course the beautiful city skyline view. I was impressed. And I'll be back soon!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,5/22/2012,185,251,1,10,5>Elizabeth's Embellishments is a place where I could get lost.  It could also be a place in which I could spend a lot of money.  Everything is so cute, so classy, so adorable.On my last trip there, I considered buying:Mercury glass bottlesHandmade pillow casesCandlesCandelabrasLilac laundry soapBerry lip balmRobin's egg guest soapsA Vera Bradley handbagHandmade paperThank you notesPostcardsHand CreamGlass BottlesAdorable measuring spoon setsBird CagesAnd so many more things.  You see why I could break the bank in this store.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,5/21/2012,210,385,9,8,7>I'm no pedicure expert. I maintain my own foot-health well enough with lotions and scrubbings, and paying somebody else to paint my toenails just seems... well, indulgent and silly. Occasionally, though, the situation calls for something a little indulgent and silly. Case in point: when one is 7.5 months pregnant and can no longer reach one's toes! Still, I don't want to waste a week's grocery money on my toenails. That just doesn't seem right. Enter Tamy Nails. For the lowlowprice of $20 (CASH ONLY), you get the kind of pedicure that might cost you two or three times that at a posh, fancy salon. Hells to the yeah!What you get: OPI nailpolish (not a huge rack of choices, but decent enough). A salt scrub on your legs and feet. Clean, jetted foot tubs. A massage of your legs and feet. Attention to your cuticles. Buffing and pumice-stoning. Three coats of polish (and whatever that base-stuff is they use beforehand). And a KICK ASS massage chair. Oh, I could've sat in that thing all day.What you DON'T get: complimentary champagne or bottled water. A whole lot of recent magazines (did you know Amanda Knox was released from prison a year ago? I do now!). Annoying cell-phone chit-chat from a richer-than-thou Cherry Creeker complaining about how the Jaguar her husband bought her for her birthday doesn't have cup-holders large enough to hold her double-skinny mocha Venti half-caff frappewhatzit. Awkward conversation with your nail tech (I do love me some silence). Those UV-light-thingies that make your toenails dry faster-- which is just fine by me because that means EXTRA TIME IN THE MASSAGE CHAIR while I wait for my piggies to get flip-flop-donnable. If you're looking for frills or a fancy destination experience, this isn't your place. But if you're like me-- practical, frugal, but in dire need of somebody to deal with your feetz-- you owe yourself a trip to Tamy Nails. Two weeks later, my toenails still look perfect.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,5/20/2012,336,514,6,6,9>Dear Biker Jim-I love you. i love you. i love you, let me count the ways...1. you're amazing hot dogs and variety of meats is not only absolutely delicious, but creative and just the right amount to handle, if you know what i mean :)2. your homemade fries are to die for. perfectly salted and not crazy greasy. mmmmmm.3. the fact that you can opt for a beer, instead of soda is pretty damn exciting, and a badass deal [hot dog, fries & beer for $9], if i do say so myself.4. your staff is not only hard core fans of your restaurant, but awesome at helping me to choose between all of the yumminess on the menu. they are easily the nicest people ever.5. you creative concoctions keep me coming back for more....fried mac & cheese anyone?6.the price is just about right. can't beat a gourmet dog for the price i paid, and for how much food i got! wow.7. cheesecake. enough said.my list could go on and on, and realistically, i would  get hungry again listing all the reasons i love you....which im sure is your mission in life.don't worry love, i'll be back [Arnold style].:)
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,5/19/2012,110,737,1,5,7>Wow, absolutely no complaints here. We walked in at 2pm on a Saturday and even though they were busy there were still a few open tables and we were seated quickly.I was hungry for a little bit of lunch (read: carbs!) before eating my sweets, so we ordered the Crue Fries (read: cheese fries!). They were absolutely fantastic and were a combination of shoestring french fries with bacon, and the sauce that was a fantastic concoction of cheese and cream. It was gone quickly :)I ordered the brownie, which was warm and gooey, covered in vanilla ice cream. My wife ordered the cake and shake, which I snuck a few bites of and it was sugar heaven. The service was excellent and I have no complaints there.We even caught a sneak peek of the owner - Keegan Gerhard, from Food Network fame.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,5/18/2012,452,518,13,9,6>This place is the sheisse. Everything is delicious. The crystallized sugar on the bear claws is magical. The croissants are buttery and scrumptious. The service is excellent. It smells damned good. It tastes even better.I have been looking for at least one decent eatery in Lakewood for weeks now. I won't get into a (long) rant, but what's that about? For all its diversity, Lakewood is chock full of lame chains and high banality. Or it was, until now. Because now there is Taste of Denmark. I pledge to gain five whole pounds right on my arse because of my love for it. And I'm vain.Only suggestion? Umbrellas for your tables outside. I'm white and I hurt easy.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,5/16/2012,267,467,4,10,8>Bittersweet has been on my short list for awhile now since I can walk there from my house.  I've just been lying low until I had an "occasion" worthy of a visit because, after reviewing their menu on-line, I knew it would be spendy for a little neighborhood "bistro".  I was correct about that but it was worth every penny.Friend, and lover of all things food and wine, in from Napa and I wanted to show off the Denver food scene.  We went to Bittersweet last night, braving the usual downpour and lousy parking (be careful - you'd think you could park on the street, nope) with his sister and brother-in-law from Littleton.  They think the Melting Pot is the shizz.  Suffice it so say that Chef Olav blew their minds.  Luckily, they are adventurous and an adventure we had.First, a couple of words about hospitality and service.  I changed the number in our party and the time at least three times - no problemo.  Our server Dustin was totally on top our service despite a big crowd.  Rain forced everyone inside so it was standing room only.  Yet, we were seated immediately and graciously.Be warned that the lovely, if some what austere, space is tight and if you don't like to be near other diners, you may find it uncomfortable.  We're pretty convivial after a couple of cocktails, so, no issue for us.The menu is short and to the point.  7 starters - 7 entrees - so we were able to taste more than half the menu.  All sampled got raves.  Started with fresh chorizo, black bean puree, salsa verde and queso fresco $10.  It's worth noting that the portion size of all the starters would have been adequate for an entree - certainly two starters would make an ample meal.  Also sampled - gazpacho with octopus served in half an avocado with a tomato jus and lemon oil $12 - sweetbread reuben mounted on caraway brioche, pickled tomato, and Jarlsberg fondue $9 - pork belly accompanied by summer shrooms, potato gnocchi adrift in natural jus $11.  A couple of more notes.  The gazpacho isn't - it's more of an octopus cocktail in an avocado.  So, if you're thinking soup, wrong.  I'm pretty much over pork belly but I have to say it was the star of the show - get it if you go.  The best bite of food I've put in my mouth this year.Entrees run the gamut - salmon, a veggie ratatouille, wild boar, halibut, scallops, duck and the mandatory beef culotte.  They run $22 for the veggie option to $29 for the scallops.  So, not cheap but not Mizuna prices either.  Everyone loved their selections (salmon for the sister, wild boar for the brother-in-law, ratatouille (I wish I could get the "rat" out of my head but that movie was so damn funny), and I had the truly sublime scallops with caviar lentils, swiss chard, pork sausage in a mustard broth.   But, of course, I tasted everything - perfection all around.We skipped dessert because I'm on a quest to master lemon meringue pie and there was one waiting at home.  So, more than ample food, cocktails and a bottle of Pinot  netted out at around $300 plus tip.  You could certainly do it for less but we were throwing caution to the wind.A couple of notes to a fine chef and restaurant:1)  Red wine served too warm.  Dustin took it back a chilled it a bit.2)  Think about valet parking.  With only six spaces in the lot and no on- street allowed, it's rough.  The parking ticket we got was $25 - valet would be cheaper and not leave a bad taste in your customer's mouth at the end of an otherwise lovely meal.3)  The food, while delicious, is all pretty rich going.  Might want to offer a simple, refreshing soup or salad on your starter roster if you ever want anyone to make it to dessert.Congrats Chef Olav - you've really outdone yourself this time - superb.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,5/15/2012,66,238,7,10,8>It's been a long time coming Snooze. Everytime I've tried to visit you, the line's have been down the street, and nothing is worth that kind of wait in my opinion. Finally a co-worker of mine decided to plan a visit on a less busy weekday. What a great idea!So we came and we ate. I went with the breakfast taco's, they were great and definitely filling. The coffee was perfect, I drank enough cups to make my hands a little shaky. The servers were perfectly friendly, accommodating, and speedy. They even brought out a huge pancake for the table to sample. Nice touch.The verdict is that the hype is warranted. I can't wait to ditch the co-workers and come back solo to sample your great list of breakfast cocktails with less "professional" company, I'm sure it will be the start to a great day.The dirty little reduction is due to the lack of reservations. Like I said earlier I hate, hate, hate hate, hate lines. I don't care how good your food is, no one gets a pass for making me wait in a long line when a simple reservation system could easily be in place.P.S.- My wife's pissed she didn't get to go, so that's atleast two more visits I have to make, good job.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,5/14/2012,35,88,17,14,9>I really should not be writing this review because I fear by telling you how good this place is... you'll ruin it by booking up all the appointments and i'll never be able to get in again!  If there was one word that describes this place it would be "drool".  That's basically how you'll feel and look as you emerge from the doors back into the world.  Caution: you may be too intoxicated to drive and need to take a few minutes sipping tea and grounding yourself in the solarium before departing.This place is all about good vibes, compassionate staff, and intoxicating services.  It's probably Denver's best kept spa secret, and they've been around for years (4 years in their current location).Some of the delicious things they offer:1.  Infra-red sauna (for those days when it's 4 degrees out and you can't get warm)2.  Flotation (the perfect break away from the world into total isolation and rejuvenation)3.  Massage (perfect for getting to those knots you tie yourself in @ work)Dear yelpers... please do not believe anything you read in this review.  I warn you... if you all show up and I can't get in... there will be yelp'n butt to kick!Yours Truly,drool'n kristopher
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,5/13/2012,194,576,2,7,8>While I love fancypants hotdogs from Biker Jim's et al., sometimes I just want a good ol' hot dog with some mustard and kraut. MHVS didn't disappoint!Brent N. and I went there last night to use a Voice Daily Deals coupon. It was for $20 worth of food. Let me tell you, $20 could easily feed a family of four at MHVS...we ended up taking a lot home! We ordered 2 meals which included hot dogs, fries and drinks as well as a basket of cheese fries and a basket of onion rings.Our hot dogs were perfect and the buns were fresh and soft. The fries were some of the best fries I've had in a long time: shoestring, fresh, hot and crispy. They were great plain as well as topped with the nacho cheese sauce (a guilty pleasure of mine). The onion rings were also delicious- cut not too thick; not too thin and fried perfectly. I'm not a huge fan of onion rings and I found myself going back for a few more!MHVS is a great spot to get a tasty, inexpensive meal and I definitely plan to return.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,5/12/2012,66,397,3,8,7>Pun fully intended; Dazzle never fails to dazzle my taste buds.It's easy to love a place that has amazing food and a fun ambiance(reminds me of an old-time supper club where women wore fun hats a la Jackie O and men wore suits with fedoras) that has a happy hour menu with a wide range of both food and beverage choices for a 5 spot or less.Seriously, what can you really buy for $5 anymore that isn't fast food or some permutation thereof? I'll skip McDonald's and go for a plate of the Mac n'cheese instead, deliciously decadent with a blend of 4 cheeses, including a Gouda that really sings. Or maybe I'll throw down a chorizo slider or one of the of pizzas Dazzle offers, with gourmet toppings, or a full-sized burger with garlic parmesan truffle oil fries, washed down with a salty dog martini, the tart grapefruit adding just the right balance to the richness of the cuisine. This is also not rocket science,but note that the meter only needs to be paid until 6; this will save you from trying to add extra quarters and wondering why the time won't exceed 48 minutes. Not saying that happened to me, but....Whatever you do, check this place out ASAP!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,5/11/2012,71,118,5,22,11>A true value.  Skilled, professional team.  Clean and reasonably priced beauty clinic for botox and/or laser treatments.  Skip the over rated expensive 5280 docs.  Happy Clinic is Denver's best kept secret for beauty.  I don't care if they call the trendy places medical spas, you are paying too much if you don't go to Doctor Nguyen. His staff are focused on the client, are friendly, warm but still  professional.  I am a beauty junkie and have been to Broadway, Folk, Huang...all way too expensive.  The last two mentioned, I would not have give me a pedicure.  I scheduled a laser treatment. I received a price from two other docs at twice the cost.  This is the way it should be!  Trust me on this one.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,5/10/2012,59,256,2,8,7>Lemon bars you are the stars!!Ok I know that DOESNOT make ANY sense BUT I am helpless!! The lemon bars at bittersweet made me go weak in my knees and send my 1 hour workout at the bootcamp down the drain and also made me addicted. How very bad of you bittersweet !! very very bad you are!Absolutely delicious!! I was actually stealing a bite from hubz and then he had to hide the plate [:d]The right dash of sweet with the absolute perfect lemony thingie!! Ummmm!!And the Coffee and the Barista!! Fantastic.. Add that into old town Louisville charm and you have yourself a perfect place to enjoy your perfect cup with your absolutely perfect self and may be someone else!!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,5/9/2012,220,1215,1,9,8>Get the southwester buffalo - yup - get it!Delicious combo of sausage, two colors of slaw and some yummy sweet nothings to top it off!Great outdoor patio, that we'll have to come back to enjoy since a thunderstorm rolled in today.Inside are some cute tables, they look fun and hand made.Staff is really friendly and happy to give info and bring your sausage to you!!The chips are pretty tasty and the "seasoning bar" is pretty cool.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,5/8/2012,174,249,7,16,9>My go-to place for picking up delicious cheeses and fancy pants truffles!The truffle cheese shop is definitely a hidden gem in the rough. Tucked away in a shop in cherry creek north up on 6th ave, this shop has everything to satisfy your inner indulgences. A couple weeks ago, I had this MONSTER CRAVING for some delicious truffle mac and cheese. I had been saving  some dry aged steaks at the house I wanted to cook for dinner that night, so I didn't feel like going out to eat to tame my growing urge for some cheesy truffley goodness. The girls at the truffle cheese shop instantly knew what I needed and hooked me up with said ingredients to make the magic happen.It was in-between truffle season (very sad indeed), however, I was recommended a jar of truffles in olive oil to sprinkle on top once my truffle mac and cheese was finished baking. The shop girl also recommended this melty, gooey, spreadable cheese to mix with my pasta and give it that perfect consistency. Needless to say - the finished result was THEBOMB.COMThis is the go-to place for anyone looking for great fresh cheeses and any other luxury goods to serve or cook with. They carry different olive oils (some infused, some freshly pressed), chocolates for when you want that sweet craving after your savory cheeses, and of course when in season TRUFFLES!!!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,5/7/2012,217,97,14,11,10>Let me start by saying that my office exists in an area with plenty of decent food, but after a few lunches a week spent dining out, I grow tired of delicious Thai (Busaba), spicy Indian (Azitra), and meh Chinese (Spice China).  I see my coworkers settling for Subway, and I die a little inside.  My palette wants more.  It hungers for something flavorful.  My wallet hungers for something frugal.Enter into the ring, Pupusas.  I saw glimpses of this place on Yelp, but was not sure whether I should visit.  Then, a fellow elite Yelper suggested I give it a try.  It's not the easiest place in the world to find.   It is hidden snugly behind Union Jack Liquor.  Now, for whatever reason, I thought it would be a restaurant.  I really should pay more attention to other reviews, because it is more like a converted snowball stand.  Remember those from your days as a kid?  I small shed, with barely any room to move... in this one they have a few grills and refrigerators.  Here's a pic to help: s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.comThere's not much selection, but all seem great.  There are bean pupusas, there are chicken pupusas, there are pork pupusas, zucchini pupusas and some other pupusa (lurucu?) which I can't remember right now.  For $5 (tax included), you get two pupusas, homemade salsa and a spicy pickled cabbage.  Two side notes-  I love love love homemade salsa, but I ALWAYS find a way to spill it all over my pantsual region.  Seriously.... no matter what happens in any establishment with salsa, there is me, rubbing my crotch, hoping no one is looking.  YES, I KNOW I LOOK GROSS, but I have to get the salsa out so no one thinks I had a tomato accident.  Secondly, I love all pickled cabbages.  Seriously, if you serve me a slice of pie and pickled cabbage, I will kiss you on the mouth.  I love it that much.  My friend and I ordered pork and chicken pupusas.  I liked the pork ones best.  The pork was pulled, tender and perfectly seasoned, wrapped in fluffy blanket of corn tortilla/pita.  The chicken was also excellent, but  not quite as tender and moist as that pork.  Upon first look, you would not expect the two pupusas to fill you up, but they really did.  For less than what you will pay at a crappy fast food drive through, you can get this tasty Guatemalan delicacy to fill you up.  Your mouth will thank you.  I know mine did.  "Thank you, Marximus"  "You are welcome, Mouthimus"
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,5/6/2012,227,426,5,8,8>Yum yum yum.I got a free chai thanks to checking in on Yelp! That was awesome; free refills on that chai, too!At first, the front of the restaurant (in a shopping center) looked rather sketchy. But once we walked in through the flouroscent-lit entryway/hallway, we were greeted with a very bold, red, traditional restaurant. Nepalese/Indian goods for sale up front!Dinner buffet = $13.95. Same price as some one-dish dinner entrees, but you know what buffet means: lots of food!They had soups, vegetarian offerings, meat offerings, and desserts. I went with the saag paneer both times because I love spinach (and the cubes of cheese). I thought they didn't provide naan at all (with the buffet), but I was pleasantly surprised when the servers brought out two baskets of fresh naan. Yum!Quality of the food was great; all buffet items freshly cooked (and swapped out often). Servers came by frequently to refill cups of chai and water. Don't be fooled by the exterior; go inside and enjoy India Oven!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,5/5/2012,285,768,6,6,5>This is strange, I thought for sure I reviewd Kaos and was going to do an update today, but I guess I was hallucinating because apparently, I never wrote a review! So here's what was going to be my update:My friend has been wanting to try Kaos for a long time, so the other weekend when it was so sunny and warm, I suggested we go here for lunch.  We sat out in the sun and were treated so well by our waitress.  She totally hooked us up with $2 Crazy Mountain Ale's.  She also suggested a few of her favorites because I really wanted to have my friend try a pie with an egg, since this is the only place I know of that serves pizza that way.  We wound up getting the prosciutto pizza with an egg on it.  Oh my, it was delish! The egg made the taste so rich.  The cheeses melted in my mouth.  The pesto was perfect with fresh mushrooms and thin slices of prosciutto. I have been craving this treat ever since!   I recommend to anyone dining here to add the egg!! Don't be scared!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2012,5/3/2012,188,277,15,5,11>Oh Grizzly Rose, you lass!You had me dancing off my ass.Oh Grizzly Rose, your band is named Buckskin.In the crowd, I saw many a sin.I stayed to the side in my shirt with its snaps.While I saw many a lass dance in male laps.Oh Grizzly Rose, you're food is fat and heavy.The music not my thing, and a good time is a maybe.But all the pretty girls here drink for free.And the cover charge is only two dollars more than three.So as I put this here ole country song to a close.I say you are A-Ok with me, Oh, Grizzly Rose.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,5/2/2012,233,281,9,12,7>For the love of Moses ... stop what you're doing and get in your car or on your bike or mount your horse and make your way as fast as humanly possible to Tiffins. In the middle of massive surgery? In labor? I. Don't. Care. This is one of those restaurants that commands your immediate attention. It's *that* good. The boyfriend and I hit this joint up on a whim, after I searched Boulder on Yelp for some veggie restaurants with gluten-free options. When we pulled up to the strip-mall location and saw that Tiffins is wedged next to a Coldstone, I was hesitant. There were four people inside, and as I pulled in, I suggested perhaps we should go somewhere else. The boyfriend, of course, is much more persistent than I am. We went in to the fairly sparse establishment, walked up to the counter, and were immediately engaged by the purveyor of the Southern Indian restaurant. My first question? What can I -- a glutard -- eat? He proceeded to check just about every single item on the menu as "okay." Things to avoid? "Pav" -- it means bun!Not being incredibly familiar with Southern Indian cuisine (let's admit it -- we've all had Punjabi and Northern cuisine with oodles of curry), the owner explained just about everything to us, and we made our choices.I went with the Cheese Masala Dosa -- a (ginormous) rice crepe stuffed with cheese and a spiced potato and onion sabji (vegetable mix). The boyfriend opted for the Pav Bhaji, sans pav (how sweet) -- Cabbage, cauliflower, and pea puree masala served with ... well, in this case they subbed some "idlis," which are this spongey lentil cakes that are unlike anything you've ever experienced. I also picked up a Mango Lassi and after the owner let us sample the desserts (both gluten free!), we decided to get what I believe was Shrikhund -- sweet saffron flavored strained yogurt. So how was it? The Dosa was gigantic and delicious, and the spicy peanut sauce that came with it was outstanding. The soup was very, well, soupy, which I'm not usually a fan of (plus, are Indian soups usually thicker?), but then I remembered -- after looking at the boyfriend's soup -- that this is Southern cuisine, so things are different!The idlis are just amazing. Imagine little spongey spaceships that are just the slightest bit sweet but perfect for sopping just about anything up. That's them. I want the recipe! And the dessert? Heaven. Just, unbelievable creamy Indian heaven. And the best thing about the entire experience (I mean, the food was orgasmic to the point that the boyfriend ordered a bunch of food to go) was the management. I mean, here's a guy who checked in on us, gave the boyfriend some soup, let us try the desserts before ordering, and who stood and talked with us about the differences between Southern and Northern cuisine in Indian, not to mention the variety of vegetables that they, themselves, the owners of Tiffins, produce! A restaurant that is self-sustaining like that must be applauded. Oh, and when he gave us a vine gourd and told us of his childhood picking them and salting them and eating them raw ... we were touched. And then? He gave us one to try! Imagine a cucumber crossed with a squash and be amazed. It was sooo good. Now? I'm off to find an Indian grocer. I'm also off to Tiffins, again, tomorrow, because, well, I can't possibly get enough. It's made from the heart, with the soul, and it's authentic as anything I've ever experienced in the way of Indian food.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,5/1/2012,342,357,6,9,9>The Denver Brew Fests are way superior to GABF, by far.  How you ask?  Let me count the ways:1.  Cost:  Only $30 or $40 for a ticket.  You can buy a ticket to both and still spend less money.2.  2x / year.  And 2 is greater than 1...duh.3.  Less People = less drunken douche bags to deal with.4.  Tent outside: some of the booths are outside in a huge tent.  And tents rule.5.  Food trucks:  amazing pizza and grilled meat galore, just steps away from delicious beer.6.  Awesome local live bands:  Bonnie & the Beard played at one last year, and they totally rock.7.  VIP tickets: For only $10 more you can get in an hour early and power drink before the minions are allowed in. 8.  Cheese tasting:  try delicious cheeses that pair super well w/ the fantastic beer.9.  Pint glasses:  at the most recent Winter Brew Fest, they gave VIP ticket holders an entire pint as their tasting glasses.  Wow, that's a lot of ways!  So why only 4 stars?  Well, I've been attending these brew fests for the past 3 or 4 years, and they keep getting more and more crowded.  I think they need to decrease the amount of tickets they are selling to avoid it becoming such a drunken shit show.  But it's still the much better beer fest in Denver!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,4/30/2012,203,562,4,4,7>We had the best time and the food was fun and delicious.  We had this beet souffle which I loved however my friend thought it was a bit too sweet.  Kinda reminded me of my grandmothers carrot ring. Yum!  The other appetizer was the shrimp with dill.  I really wanted to try the trout appetizer but we had the trout as a main course. I guess I need to go back for trout  and Aquavit.  Although the wine was nice with the meal.Main course was trout in a yummy broth and some veggies.  Second main course was beef tenderloin with OM goodness bacon yes bacon whipped cream.  I actually wish it had more bacon flavor but it was very good.Dessert was Swedish pancakes with ice cream and carrot cake with maple ice cream. We also had pressed decaf coffee.  The two young guys sitting next to us were adorable and we had fun talking about other restaurants we had been to or were going to for 5280.  One was off to Afganistan.  We wished him well.  Plus we had a great waitress.  She was friendly and helpful.  I probably would have given the food a 4 star but with the great service and our friendly neighbors I think the 5 stars is perfect.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,4/29/2012,212,239,7,7,8>Many a day, many a night, many an afternoon my ball-n-chain, friends and I have spent here drinking perfectly poured Guiness' and Stella always makes a show.  The food is better than you would expect - the wings are good.  If you order a side of curry sauce for anything it is a buck for an ounce....eh, not so much worth it. Eugene and Brendon are awesome as barkeeps, the other girl doesn't seem to recognize us despite years of frequency.  The wait staff can be sketchy at the very best and forget that they have met you 153,986 times before which is disappointing..but after they send their text message and tuck their phone away, they remember to bring to you beer.It is my local, OK, one of my locals and I love it. AVOID on St. Patrick's Day - it is too crowed to get into and full of rookie Irish Rover Pub visitors, yeah...they are lame.BTW - the women's restroom is never quite a wreck despite the volume - super extra points!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,4/28/2012,113,155,3,7,4>Swung by Farfel's with my wife while wandering around Boulder. Our new dog, Fozzy (an Australian Cattle Dog) is high maintenance. High maintenance in that he has horrible separation anxiety and until we get him "cured" he has to stay in a crate in our car so he doesn't bark and upset our neighbors. The dog behaviorist we're working with recommended bison bone for little Fozzy. Luckily, Farfel's had a huge selection of bison parts. From bison knee cap to bison trachea, Farfel's basically had every part in the body. We ended up getting fozzy a GIANT bison knuckle to chew on. Needless to say, he was one happy Fozzy. After lunch at SALT, my wife and I came back to get a couple more things. The store guy "kind of" remembered us, which wasn't too awkward. Well, a little bit, but whatever. We wanted to get Fozzy a walking harness with a front strap so he wouldn't jump on people while we were walking him. We also got a bag of small dog treats to work on his training. The prices here are on the high side but you get a nice selection and it is much more pleasant than going to a Pet Co or a PetsMart. If you're in the area with your pooch or cat, swing by. Just remember that the Pearl Street Mall is a dog-free zone.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,4/27/2012,283,243,17,7,14>Walking into this place, I wondered if I'd gotten the wrong address. Yeah, this is it. It's next to a bizarre mattress warehouse and Pasquini's on South Broadway. This is where they are - all those extra cast members from the Twilight Zone the Movie. A grungy, rad Lakota DJ named Alex is busy setting up the karaoke for the night. Tanqueray and tonic is only a few bucks. I think I got drunk before I actually got drunk. The ambiance is something else around here. A few guys clear the bar and ask me to sit down. Cathy walks up to the mic. The older, plump and happy lady that she is. I had no idea she'd be like Frank Sinatra reincarnated as a woman. Man, her voice is a real treat to hear after a long day of work. I don't fit in. Everyone's calling me "pretty girl." They love the hair. I love the fact that my social circle just got inverted and wrung up to dry on a clothes rack setup outside the window of a trailer home. It's not trashy. It's definitely not where LoDo folks would ever feel comfortable, though. No Gucci-Express bullshit here.This place is genuine. It's a real break. It's how Denver really is. I tell the DJ I want to sing "Bohemian Rhapsody." I'm a little nervous. I don't fit in, and everyone's still calling me "pretty girl." I drag my friend Lee up to the empty, worn-out space at the front of the bar. Everyone's watching. Smirking. Wondering what the fuck a girl like me and a punk like Lee are doing hanging out in a joint like this.Two minutes later I yell, "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!" The bar bursts out singing. Beers fly into the air as everyone's in cahoots with Freddie Mercury's spirit. The song ends. I put the mic back on the stand and sit down. Lee walks over and gives me a drink from the bartender, Natalie. It's on the house. This is one house I'll definitely be coming back to.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,4/26/2012,767,181,3,11,9>Cherry Creek North restaurants has some tough competition, now that Phat Thai is open!!! 5 stars for the delicious food, service and atmosphere. 4 stars for the pricing. Prime location, smack dab in the middle of Cherry Creek North, good job! You walk into an impressive Asian influence industrial-contemporary design decor, 2 story massive floor to ceiling windows, up and downstairs dining, perfect views Cherry Creek North, moderate size bar, large booths and dining area, dock lamps feature the kitchen area, large metal lighting fixtures screams "aaaawwwwesome". You know I just realized, the restaurant looked like a modern Thailand Docking Marina. Its the fixtures in the kitchen that gave me that feel. Inventive! Love it!!!Food was delicious. This restaurant is about "you choose the heat, from mild to spicy" The waiters give you an overview of how to use their condiments to spicy up your palette or tone down the heat. Like a chemistry project and you're the guinea pig heheheh. I recommend the following:-Beef Short Ribs (use the sauce from the Thai Fried Chicken for this dish)-Thai Fried Chicken-Garlic Cilantro Crab-Coconut Rice/Sticky RiceWaitstaff was really knowledgable about the food, very interactive, catering, concerned, easy on the eyes :) and especially friendly! Repeatedly our waiter reminded us "if you don't like your meal, we'll give you another at no charge" Good gracious, why can't all restaurants be so accommodating like this? Fantastico! Attire is casual. I recommend coming here for lunch, dinner, drinks, groups, children for a fun atmosphere for Thai dining. I enjoyed my meal here! I'll be sure to come back soon, definitely!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,4/25/2012,27,144,1,9,7>I fully believe that if I go into an establishment and have an excellent experience, I should give that establishment a five star review.But then what on earth do I do when I go back an have an even better experience?  How do I give them a sixth star?My lastest visit to started when the guy working the register overheard me telling my Lady that I was gonna get the same sandwich as the last time.  It was just so good, you know?  When I tried to order it he said, "If you've already had that, you should really get something else.  If you liked the Dolomite, try the Into the Wild.  It's not on the menu, but it has [list of amazing sounding ingredients].  Give it a whirl.  It's awesome!"How cool is that?  He cares enough about me and my experience and has enough belief in the quality of food, and has enough knowledge not only to tell me I should branch out, but also to recommend I eat a different sandwich which ended up rocking my fricking world!!And then he made a fantastic recommendation to my Lady (who can be quite indecisive) who was there for the first time.  He asked her which type of meats, and toppings, and flavors she liked, and ended up recommending a sandwich that had her closing her eyes and savoring the flavor. Then he gave her a free brownie for being a first timer!I don't know if you can get this type of customer service during the lunch rush, but the fact that you can get it any time is fantastic. This would be one of my favorite places even if sandwiches weren't my favorite food.  As it is, I think this is my favorite eating establishment in Denver.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,4/24/2012,65,375,3,4,7>We went there for my birthday. The food was awesome! Simple and yet delicious. Good basic Ukraine food, lots of meat and cabbage. This is not your average bar food even though they have a full bar plus imported Ukrainian beers. They don't have many options for vegetarians and vegans but the few choices they have they have done a great job. If you don't like cabbage or beets, you will love them there. The owner is a serious multi-tasker. He bartends, sings "happy birthday" song to his guest, cooks, waits tables when it's busy, and plays the piano. He has a really good voice, a great sense of humor and a big heart. Whether you are going there for a drink, on a date, or hang out with a group of friends, it's gonna be a wonderful experience. You will be entertained, stuffed with sausages and you will go back again and again. Take advantage of the yelp deal right now and go during their happy hour for their 2 for 1 Ukrianian food.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,4/23/2012,134,373,3,9,9>Based upon a recommendation from Thomas S.'s nose (he told me that he only poked his head in and thought that it smelled good), I tried New Saigon Bakery & Deli.  HOLY SHITE, that is a good banh mi!The ingredients load the large roll.  These are not spartan sandwiches, these are full of goodness in every bite.  Large pieces of pickled carrot, jalapeños, cilantro and more than a dozen different meat choices (porks, beef, chickens, sardines and vegetarian are all offered), make these hearty and fulfilling.  Everything is made in-house.  They also have a large selection of take-away items and candies.  Next time, I am sure to try the boiled eggs that they had on display today.I ordered three sandwiches and tried them all today, the pork belly, grilled pork paste and the pork innards.  Each one was absolutely exceptional!  They do not have pâté.  That seems like a fair trade to me though, considering the tender and flavorful pork belly that they do have.  I can always get a pâté banh mi down the street, but I can only get the pork belly here.  Plenty of parking, some lovely bakery goods, a variety of drinks complete the package for me.I have not eaten next door in a while, so now I am now planning to go back, just based upon the quality and freshness of their banh mi.  Well done, New Saigon!  I am a fan.P.S. I have no idea why anyone would ever eat at a chain sandwich place, when places this great, and inexpensive, are becoming so plentiful in Denver.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,4/22/2012,103,97,7,7,9>Dim lights, busted booths, wobbly tables, carpet that you probably wouldn't want to pass out on - that's just where this place starts to get good. From the street, this has all the tell-tale signs of the locals-only, dive bar where legends are made. Inside - all locally made spirits, a bevy of heavy ABV beers made in Colorado, and the kind of people who enjoy drinking craft beers and who will gladly talk to you about them until neither of you are sober enough to string together words.Don't drink Coors Light here. Really now, don't be that guy.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,4/21/2012,288,412,5,7,5>Easy peezy, lemon squeezy. Take a deep breath and swing 80%...I enjoy a round of golf at Willis Case Golf Course. Sure, it's not the most technical course in the area, but it's still challenging none the less. We are talking about golf after all, the lifetime sport. Wills Case is one of the few courses in the area that tries to stay open all year round. As long as there isn't snow on the ground they'll try to be open. They have what you call a snow 9. It's 9 holes that don't have snow on the greens. For instance, last week when I played they had holes 1, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 16, 17, and 18 open to complete 9 holes. We wanted to play 18, but the starter wasn't sure we would have enough time. We settled on 9, but when we finished we asked him if we could play a couple more and he gladly let us play until dark. We ended up playing 13 holes this round and only paying for 9. Score!Denver takes excellent care of their courses and Willis Case is no exception. The fairways are always clear, the greens are very well manicured, and they often change the position of the pin. With it's location, you'll often be amazed at the views of the foothills and mountains while playing.The staff is friendly and the bartender in the clubhouse hooked us up with a couple beers before our tee time. If you're hungry, they have the standard golf course clubhouse food - hot dogs, sandwiches, and a salad or two. The hot dogs aren't bad and they usually have a special with chips and a soda. When golfing, that works for me.Willis Case is a great city course and for the price it's hard to beat.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,4/20/2012,40,334,12,8,7>I hate Carbone's. It forces me to choose between a ton of awesome-sounding sandwiches, and each one is as good as the last. I went with the Italian #2, a medley of Italian meats including prosciutto and mortadella. I added lettuce, provolone, hot peppers, tomatoes, etc.Unfortunately, my girlfriend and her cousin had to order the meatball sandwiches. I tasted a meatball and was envying their absolutely delicious sandwiches while I munched through my own absolutely amazing sandwich. SO UNFAIR!To further tease you, the famously eccentric proprietors of Carbone's price their sandwiches cheap. It's so diabolical and cruel -- you realize you could EASILY afford to eat 3 or 4 more sandwiches if your stupid stomach weren't "full".
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,4/19/2012,639,447,8,12,12>I received the scoop about a month ago from a friend of mine that Pinche Tacos was opening a physical location, I thought perhaps I was conjuring up the impossible in a fever dream. A fever dream of delicious proportions.But it was no dream. I strolled up to the unmarked door (just next to Okinawa if you want a landmark) and paused to ask some of the smokers if this was Pinche Tacos. When they said yes, I walked into the nicest taqueria I have ever laid eyes upon. The sign says "Tacos, Tequila, Whiskey" and I think they took the design inspiration more from the whiskey than the tacos, but that's fine by me. Natural wood tables and chairs, minimal amount of clutter, and one (maybe two, I can't remember) nice community tables in the middle make this a great place for a drink with friends, a quick bite to eat or a nice, leisurely dinner.My server was immensely helpful (and not to hard on the eyes, either, ladies). He knew the menu well and explained that it was still being tinkered with since they had just opened. He did tell me they are now serving brunch on Saturday, Sunday and Monday and brought over the brunch menu. All I have to say is someone will be tasked with curing my hangover very soon after taking a look at this menu.The food. My god, it's just as good as the tacos are from the food truck. The queso a la plancha made me want to confront my deepest fears and become a kinder, gentler person. I swear to anything holy, they cheese *might* be a cure for cancer or malaria or something. Dang mang, it's so good. The chicken and spinach taco I got was also quite tasty!Cheers to the owner! This neighborhood is starting to really come into its own as far as restaurants go and I'm glad Pinche Tacos is being added to the list.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,4/18/2012,100,203,2,7,7>Talk about a full on Prohibition experience.  You certainly pay a lot for drinks, but for  what I imagine is as close an experience to a speak easy in current day, it is so worth it.  From the library themed entrance with an opening book shelf, to the dim lit bar, dark hardwood floors, sharply dressed bartenders, and classic cocktail list, this place had me drinking the kool aid.This place is super trendy and I imagine will continue to grow in popularity, but I love their willingness to restrict occupancy.  It was nice to have a seat at the bar without someone hovering behind me or reaching for a drink over my shoulder.  Their drink menu is awesome.  Incredibly classy drinks made by classy bartenders who formerly introduced themselves to me with a hand shake.  What other bars do that?  None other that I know.  On top of the introduction, the bartender knew how to make a pretty good take on the Old Fashion known as the New Old Fashion.  Clever!  I imagine that future trips back may entail substantial waits, but it's worth it.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,4/17/2012,120,135,6,8,7>Cash only, and extra charges for being on your cell phone. This place rocks! We try and get there by 11:30 since they are only open 11-2. There's always a line and it's always worth it. If you have a favorite, make sure to arrive early as things sell out quickly and you don't want to be left disappointed.The fried Chicken is by far the best in Denver and the peach cobbler is so sweet it leaves you happy for a few hours after you've gobbled up the last bite! Tom's also has amazing sweet tea, but I have to admit I usually add a little water since it's extra sweet.I only have two complaints, not nearly enough parking and not open nearly enough hours!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,4/16/2012,190,292,13,16,14>I have no clue how I managed to overlook writing a review for this incredible establishment. Shame on me.Voodoo Comedy Playhouse has brought a ton of laughter this corner of LoDo. It's a great spot offering a crazy variety of entertainment for the masses. There's improv nearly every night, weekly Dinner Detective shows (murder mystery kind of stuff), and stand up comedy from time to time. Also (pay attention, karaoke whores), they've recently started serving up karaoke on Tuesdays and Saturdays. And it's really affordable - not kidding.Plus, from a performer's perspective, the management is super-nice, everyone is really supportive of one another, and it's clear that the Voodoo values the folks who are on stage, doing tech, slinging drinks, or serving meals during the shows that offer up food.In addition to the shows themselves, Voodoo Comedy Playhouse also has a phenomenal bar, and they offer exceptional drink specials nightly. Furthermore, as it was mentioned in previous reviews, Voodoo is right around the corner from the esteemed Biker Jim's. Hello, delicious.There's plenty of seating, the decor is really nice, and .. well, hell. I just don't have a bad thing to say about the place.One word to the wise: Parking can be tricky. There's a lot of metered parking around the area, and there's a great little lot just behind Biker Jim's that only costs $5, but beyond that, you need to hunt a bit. Be warned: Parking in the lot directly to the east of the establishment will get you towed. No bueno. Not funny at all.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/15/2012,97,80,4,7,6>All I can think of is YUMMY! I came here for brunch with no expectations. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that the place is owned and manned by a Cuban family. The friendliest folks you will find. I found out they are cigar aficionados, my type of people!My friend and I had the pork roasted sandwich, flan and cafe con leche. The sandwich was amazing, I wasn't too crazy about the bread but the well seasoned meat made up for it. I feel that this review is not up to par with this fine establishment, and I feel the need to go back and sample the other dishes, such as the arroz con pollo and lechon, empanadas, and croquetas. I will be back. By the way, I also found out that this place caters to large groups and special events :)
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,4/14/2012,263,617,9,11,6>When's the last time you went into a pizza shop and were greeted with a "Hi, how ya doing? Here's a taste of our pizza.""Uhhhhhhhh. What!?! Ummmm, OK. That's really nice of you. Thanks," I said.And it was, indeed, really nice. They'd cut up a delicious freshly baked slice into maybe 6-8 mini-wedges and were handing it out to everyone who entered.Gotta love that kinda marketing and customer service.However, I then made a mistake. I ordered a slice of pepperoni and a slice of vodka (?!) pizza. I say it was a mistake because the pieces at Sliceworks seem to be bigger than your usual take-out slice size, and 2 pieces was, for me, more than I should have ordered for lunch.Nonetheless, thinking of my fellow yelpers, I forced myself through both pieces and can report that they are absolutely a rock solid 4 star pizza shop. I'd ordered a couple of their NY style pizzas and they had all the right elements: A crisp crust, capable of being folded; a follow-up chewy dough consistency, complimenting the initial crunchiness of each bite; quality sauce, cheese and spices, and a nice after-taste of oregano'ed olive oil. Excellent slices!They have a much larger menu than most places that focus just on pizza, and some of their varieties looked incredibly tempting (like what was billed as their Brooklyn Pizza). Gotta check that out next time.You can look through all the pizza reviews on Yelp, and you'll see lots of places rated as 5 stars; or at least individual yelp reviews giving out 5 star ratings like local Emmies at a broadcast events dinner. Me? I've never rated one higher than 4 stars, which for me is an excellent pizza rating. It's not that I'm a pizza snob. It's  just that I've never found a pizza a could honestly say was the best I could imagine putting in my mouth. Sliceworks, however, has about the finest pizza I've tasted in Denver so far. Maybe verging on that elusive 5 stars. But I'm not going to be hasty. This is an important issue. So I'm going to go back to start working my way through their menu. And hey,  I'm doing this for you. So, how 'bout showing a little gratitude, or at least volunteering to buy me a slice or two?Yours,:-David
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2011,4/13/2012,500,166,11,18,11>Did you ever wonder what could possibly replace Cafe Berlin when it moved a few blocks over? Well, ponder no more. The new occupant, Belvedere, is a paragon of Polish pulchritude.To start, the Flaki combines huge hunks of beef tripe (so tender it almost melts on the fork!) with shredded carrots and various chopped herbs in a restorative bovine broth. Alternatively, the cold cucumber-dill soup Chlodnik [remember, this is the "L" that's pronounced more like "W"] is equally appropriate for Colorado's four-seasons-in-one-day weather. Or, in a completely unrelated vein, you could begin your meal with Sledzie w Smietanie, an offering of plump herring fillets in thick sour cream (an olive-oil dressing is also available for the more health-conscious among you).Then, progress to something rather more substantial, like Golabki - succulently soft cabbage leaves packed with rice and pork and smothered in your choice of rich tomato or creamy mushroom sauce. The sausage lovers among you will of course enjoy the smoky-chewy-meatiness of Poland's most famous contribution to charcuterie, Kielbasa. Accompanied by two impossibly pert scoops of smooth mashed potato and some earthy shredded beets (other sides are certainly possible, including the cucumber concoction Mizeria)... well, how could you possibly go wrong? For the Pierogi fans out there, they naturally have those too, with a variety of fillings.If you can manage to stuff it in, end on a sweet note with the buttery apple pastry Szarlotka or even the flaky creampuff wonder known as Kremowka. However you slice it, you'll leave Belvedere full - yet yearning for another visit.PS Please don't nibble on the grapes in the entryway - they're plastic. You're welcome.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,4/12/2012,61,160,5,11,8>I never dove head-on into the cupcake craze, but for some reason I got it in my head that I wanted cupcakes at our wedding. I had no idea where to start but picked Mermaids first. We made a tasting appointment and loved every little nibble. Working with them was so easy.  They knew I was a little hesitant about some of the decor on the cupcakes (it seems like such a dumb thing to worry about in retrospect!) so they called the day before the wedding to be sure I hadn't changed my mind.  I had. The day of our wedding, we picked up 130 beautifully decorated cupcakes and one cake topper.  They looked perfect on the cupcake stand, and the colors matched ours almost to a T. The guests loved them and we kept getting complements- especially on the almond flavored cupcake with pretty blue cream cheese frosting. We were so happy that we chose Mermaids.  I keep waiting for another special occasion so I have an excuse to get more cupcakes!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,4/11/2012,19,78,2,7,5>Gotta give out a 5 star for another suburban gem! All these new places opening up in the SW burbs are rock-n(dogs). I've been here a couple of times now, and I've had nothing but great experiences. The decor is fun, with lots of record LP's and rock and roll posters. The owner is cool, and really takes pride in his work. As others have said, there are a lot of choices on the menu, but everything is centered around dogs and sausages. On my first visit I got the "blue suede dog" on the pretzel roll. Fantastic! It's an all beef dog topped with sliced of hard boiled egg, blue cheese, green onion, and siracha sauce. It sounds strange, but it really worked. The "sesame" dipping sauce was a sweet counterpoint to the spicy siracha. The pretzel roll may be the best piece of bread I've ever shoved into my face. On my 2nd visit I opted for a sausage, the apple bratwurst to be exact. I got it on the "rock-n-roll" with crispy onions. It was really good, with big bits of apple cooked into the sausage. The white roll is designed and made just for them, and I thought it was great. The pretzel roll is where the money is, though!SO, I feel I have to make the comparison to Biker Jim's. I know people will want to know how rock-n-dogs stacks up. Being a big fan of Biker Jim's, I really hoped that rock n dogs would be great. Well, I'm happy to report that it is! I have to admit that I did miss the cream cheese stuffed into my sausage, but other than that small detail I'm totally satisfied with rock n dogs. For 7 bucks it's hard to beat. Heck, I'd eat here at twice the price....but only half as often. =).It's cheap, delicious, and fast. My need to drive downtown for cool food is diminishing quickly.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,4/10/2012,158,145,5,10,9>4th visit, 1st review.  But, this visit proved to be nothing less than the three before...Amazing.This is my mom's FAVORITE restaurant and we have celebrated her birthday here for the past three years.  We also snuck in a visit between birthdays with visiting from out-of-town family.  Josh has been a favorite waiter-and I actually called to request we were sat in his section, but because of a name mix-up, were taken care of by another of their great waitstaff.  The hostess apologized profusely and later Josh came over to wish my mom a happy birthday.The decor had changed since our last visit and I was excited to see they had added some great touches.  We were also sat at the table right in front of their great fireplace--so nice.  After sharing a bottle of champagne, the food we ordered came in a bit of a blur.  A geez-that's the best thing I have ever placed in my mouth-blur.  Cheese souffle. Salad with butternut squash, apples and goat cheese. Scallops with a corn and prosciutto sauce. Freakin yum.  We finished the meal as we always do at Barolo, with their giant creme brulee.  They makes theirs in a large, flat ramekin so that just about every bite comes with the burnt sugar. No running out halfway in!This place is great, everytime.  Best service, best food, now a new and improved atmosphere.  See you next October, Barolo, if not sooner!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,4/9/2012,100,245,7,8,6>What is this?  A second Thai restaurant in Golden?  What is the world coming to?Whatever the reason, Thai Monkey Club just opened a second location here in Golden (their first is on Broadway in Denver).  And they know how to cook Thai food.Came by for lunch today after spotting the "open" sign.  The restaurant itself is minimal in decor so far and still shows remnants of the past restaurants the space was, but they're working on it and it already feels like a Thai restaurant.  Ordered the drunken noodles lunch special and a Thai iced tea to-go, which together came to just over $11.  (Side note: Thai iced tea, still $3.  Maybe it's a Golden mark-up thing?)  Their spicy dishes, denoted with a chile on the menu, have a scale of spiciness from 1 to 6.  Now, I'm a fairly seasoned Thai food eater, and I'm no stranger to spiciness.  Most restaurants won't make their food spicy enough unless I ask specifically.  I ordered my food to a 4, and found my cheeks getting red, my sinuses flowing, and my tongue burning.  So be warned!  Having said that, the food itself was delicious, plenty of vegetables and cooked well.I'll have to return a few times here to test other items from the menu, but they've made a good first impression.  Now comes the wonderfully agonizing choice - which Thai restaurant in Golden to go to on a regular basis?
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,4/8/2012,33,45,3,7,3>Stopped by Big Mama's this morning for the first time on the recommendation of my fellow Yelpers. This little drive through is only a few blocks from where I work so it's an ideal place to stop for a breakfast burro.The young lady that took my order at the drive up window was very nice and helpful. She ran through  he daily specials quickly and efficiently. I opted for the egg, potato, chorizo and cheese with hot chili. Drove around to the other side of the chuck wagon and paid about three and a half bucks and was handed my big fat burro wrapped in tin foil and a napkin. The young lady that helped me informed me that I would be back because their burritos were so good. "Everyone comes back" she said. Turns out she was right. I will be back! Great burrito! Hot, tasty and spicy, just like it should be. And a great value for the price, bigger than Santiago's and Gomez for just about the same price.Good job Big Mama's, I will be back. Probably more than I should be that's for sure! Oh, and did I mention that Big Mama's serves breakfast burro's all day? Bonus!Now I only wish she would open a spot closer to home! =]-MK
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,4/7/2012,73,96,1,8,7>I have been going to mondo vino for years, years before I even lived in highland, or even really understood that highland was a place (back when I was a wee new denverite) and I will continue to go there even after I move away from highland (inevitable, probably) The reasons are really simple. They have everything I could possibly want, they always know what they're talking about, and they're just about the friendliest bunch of folks around. If you could drink at mondo vino (well, I mean, except for the weekend wine tastings) then this place would BE my cheers bar. I should say, at mondo vino they don't have the selection of wine you might find at a volume store like applejack or tipsy's, but as each offering is selected by the staff, you are guaranteed that no matter what you buy, you are going to by something delicious.  This is more than I can say for the large discount liquor stores, where unless you know specifically what you're looking for, you're taking your wine-pallette-life in your own hands.On to the liquor and beer. They continually offer the most unique and specific selections in both areas...I am always finding something that I want that I didn't know existed. Often featuring local selections of both liquor and craft beers, you are guaranteed to find something you like, and 4 more things you will probably like that you didn't know you wanted :)The staff is super knowledgeable, some of the folks are more wine specialists and some are more into the spirits, and some the beers..but this isn't because of 'training' its because they love the stuff they sell and are always trying new things themselves, so you know their recommendations are going to be great. All in all, Mondo Vino is one of my all-time favorite highland institutions, and will continue to be forever.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,4/6/2012,40,46,10,9,6>I rarely host dinner parties. I live in a small loft like townhouse without proper seating; my guests eat off the multi-purpose steam trunk coffee table. Once back in college I gathered and fed misfit friends without funds to make it home for Easter. Ham, scalloped potatoes, Campbell's Mushroom Green Bean casserole, extra fried onions.Heather and Jim arrived first and, as the alpha female, Heather poked her head into oven. "Um...did you take the wrapping off this?" she asked, referring to the warming meat. "Of course," I replied. "The little fishnet thing, right?""No. No...the plastic overwrap."Who knew there was such a thing, at 22 I didn't. At 22 I didn't know scalloped potatoes existed outside the freeze dried disks poured from a Betty Croker box. The dream dinner party would be one hosted by chef Sean Kelly. He's Superman to my Lois Lane, handling menu duties at both LoHi Steakbar and Ernie's Pizza Bar.  He had me at "bar." The house specialty cocktails at Ernie's are poured strong and on the cheap. The Sunnyside Old-Fashioned (whiskey, cherry brandy, club soda, muddled orange and cherry) is an easy drinking and belly warming winner at just $5.50. Had two for less that the usual price of one elsewhere. Good too is Ernie's local spin on the classic Moscow Mule, The Denver Donkey (vodka, ginger beer and lime, served in a copper mug). All served up by a hip, happy and accommodating Saturday afternoon staff. Split an order of the Fried Pizza Dough, lightly fried and salted then served hot and oily with thinly sliced prosciutto and taleggio cheese to pile on top. One word, damn. And the quirky, unexpected Antipasto, a mix and mélange of marinated vegetables (crispy pickled green beans and a finely chopped artichoke salad), cold roasted potato salad, crunchy almonds made all the better after sitting atop the oily pools left by hearty and chewy sliced meats, olives, hard cheese and soft blue, a crazy good and surprising salad of mandarin oranges, kalamata olives and red onions. The further you ate into the plate, as flavors mixed and mingled, the better the bites. Came with a couple of slices of hearty bread; only thing missing some good, earthy ground mustard to pile meats and cheese high. Ordered the large, the double for just $7 more would no doubt feed a small family. Going back to try the pizza (Ernie's does gluten free pizza...and beer) and for Happy Hour and the insanely priced specials like a $2 pint of Wynkoop Chile Beer and Buffalo Trace infused whiskey shots for $4.Found out about Ernie's from a realtor. The one who's selling me a house in the boutiquey quirky neighborhood. One big enough for a proper dinner party.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,4/5/2012,245,483,13,10,8>The Denver restaurant scene is becoming a giant sausage party.  However, I think that is a good thing because one can never put too much tube meat in their mouth.  The latest addition to the tube meat market is the Hawt Dog and Sausage Eatery, a modern wiener peddler oddly squeezed into Cherry Creek North.  They have great dogs, but let me start with their "tawts" first.  When I saw that the special of the day was a bacon gorgonzola tawt, I was expecting a batch of ora ida freezer tater tots smeared with melted gorgonzola, with bacon crumbles sprinkled on top.  What I got was a freshly made ball that resembled a potato croquette that came stuffed with savory potatoes, cheese, and bacon.  I now know what it is like to bite into awesomeness.  Seriously...it was crispy, then soft, salty and savory, and completely oozing with gorgonzola.  It was a Christmas miracle in January!  I must note that I had their regular truffle "tawts", which weren't as incredible.  But I am of the opinion that truffle oil and other truffle flavorings have been abused by restaurants for a while, overpowering every flavor that the truffles come in contact with.  On to the dogs.  De.  Lish.  Us.  It is to be expected when you're sourcing your sausages from Continental, but they really bring a lot to the table at this restaurant.  Their main twist is to wrap the dogs with all their fixings in a freshly made dough wrapper.  They are like those bagel dogs they used to have every month for school lunch, but so much better.  During our first trip, I went with a Santa Fe, a jalapeno cheddar brat, stuffed with more jalapenos, chili, and pepper jack cheese sauce.  It is really a brilliantly savory/spicy combination that should not be eaten in the presence of women and small children --- trust me on this one.  The next visit I ate a French Q, which was good, but I was disappointed that the onions were not properly caramelized.  I also sampled my wife's Outer Banks, which I wish I would have ordered instead.  More gorgonzola and bacon on a polish sausage --- it is a fat man's dream.  Does anyone read this far down into a review?  If so, why?  You should be stuffing your face with sausage right now.  Go on!  Go!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,4/3/2012,117,207,4,8,6>There are moments in life when it hits you - you are not a kid anymore. These events include: having a husband on the HOA board, being responsible on a work-night and heading home at 10p so you don't feel like crap at work and joining an athletic club.Ok, so that last one was not on my "grown up" radar until I actually starting going to GATC. Sure, there are tons of younger kids that belong here, but it is likely because their parents are members, but there are plenty of 30/40 somethings here too and like the socialization aspect of working out AS WELL AS the actual working out (go figure!). This is not a meat market, but too bad because the clientele is fit, attractive and financially comfortable (I assume since the membership is NOT cheap).Prior to GATC, my gym had to be within 7 minutes of home or I'd never go, but now I drive 20 minutes willingly to come here and be motivated by those around me and the environment. I love the classes, the pool, the locker room, the hours, the equipment...really, all of it!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,4/2/2012,186,551,4,7,11>You know, I've been in here twice for special parties thrown by the gracious exec chef/owner, and two to three times for "regular" meals after my original review.  I stand by my original review...this place is just fantastic.  I love taking friends here from out of town, and we always oder the Kaya Toast, (my most recent stop this weekend...my co-workers said that it was one of the oddest, but delicious things, and it is odd and delicious) the soup dumplings, (not authentic, if you want authentic, go to Lao Wang on Federal, but these are crazy delicious French Onion Soup inside the dumpling - watching my co-workers eyes raise as the tasted the French Onion soup inside was a thing of beauty Chef Lon) and brussell sprouts. (I've had many a friend say they don't like brussell sprouts and absolutely gush about these after trying them, including one of my co-workers on the latest trip)  Overall, everything here is great.  We had a pork loin dish on my last stop that was what I termed a @#!* me dish.  Prior to that, the sea bass was cooked to perfection and delicious as heck.This place is easily one of my favorites in town for a memorable meal with fantastic food, great service, and the hip factor is good as well.  They've also got a nice bar with a very creative mix-ologist, so don't be afraid to try some specialty cocktails.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,4/1/2012,72,53,8,7,6>Oh, Greek food.  My love for you is like a truck.I can't even begin to explain the torrid love that Greek food and I share.  I could be eating the worst gyros that have ever been shaven from a whirling log of meat and I'd be happy.  Especially at 2 in the morning.But AXIOS is another thing all together.  Denver has a few quality Greek places, but this is hands DOWN the best.  The ambiance is classy, the wait staff is great, the HUMMUS IS DELIVERED BY THE GODS.  Daily.I know, cause I saw Hermes out back with a freshly made container of the chickpea dip.Follow up your appetizer with a Greek salad.  Feta, olives, tart vinaigrette dressing...mouth watering.Prices are good, drinks are delicious (the Greek Island Donkey is a nice, anise flavored spin on a Moscow Mule and the Kalamata Olive is like a greek dirty martini, nearly purple with olive juice), and the Souvlaki?  Wow.I want to go back right now.And tomorrow.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2012,3/31/2012,20,93,3,8,6>Bengal buffet is another additon to Parker road Indian food joints. Their dishes are a bit different as their cullinery expertise lies more on the Bengal side (Bangladesh). In that sense it's great that Denver is becoming home to regional Indian cuisine like lot of bigger metro cities such as Chicago, Dallas, New York etc.I will allow them some handicap as they are a new business. They have "a lot" of room for improvement as far as their ambiance goes. I will be looking forward to that in the coming months.As everyone else mentioned in their reviews, their food has great potential although a bit tedious IMO as far as maintaining buffet lines and keeping their dining area clean, tidy and organized. Their main dishes were authentic to Bengali cuisine such as their goat biriyani, chicken curry. Their naan were also good. Chicken kabobs were a bit raw when I got them but flavorful nonetheless. Their chicken tikka were a bit dry when I picked them up from the buffet line, maybe sitting there for a little while!They also have a very nice live stage setup with a full PA setup, definitely a great place for live ethnic music when they are up to it.Congrats to Bengal Buffet for adding a Bengali restaurant restaurant in Denver and I hope they maintain their consistency of food taste and improve upon their quality of service and cleanliness of restaurant interior.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,3/30/2012,69,263,5,13,10>Boulder got another amazing restaurant! I loved the Holstein New York strip (will have to try the Wagyu ribeye for two next time...), the sliders made with the same beef, the tartare. We had a side of the lionshead mushrooms, which were a tad bit too salty, but as soon as we mentioned that to the server, he offered to have them remade right away. The bread (small detail, I know) was tasty, apparently they source it from the Med. The tea was from the Boulder Brewing Company - we had a very smooth assam. Overall, I appreciate their attention to the details. The beef was some of the best we've had - just the right texture, cooked to a perfect medium rare, with just amazing flavor from the meat itself and also served with a couple sauces for us to enjoy with it (we tried them, agreed they were great and then ignored them for the rest of the time... seriously, with beef that good, even an amazing sauce seems to be overkill). The servers were all clearly enthusiastic about the food, which is always a huge plus.I know it's tough for restaurants to make it, especially on the expensive West side of Pearl St. Mall. I sure hope this one does.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,3/29/2012,33,116,4,11,12>I thought for a long time that this park set in the middle of the city, bordered by Sheridan, often crowded with folks of every variety and with few trees would be just another dirty little park I would not recommend you let your kids run barefoot in. I'm so glad I was wrong (well, please wear shoes) because I've discovered Sloan's to be where I get my zen on.I heard that the walk is about 3 miles, which is longer than I thought and long enough to make my muscles twitch. A lot of people run the path, suckers. I'd run but then I, er... wouldn't get to savor and enjoy it so much. Each elbow of the walking path around the lake has like it's own little theme: there's the soccer fields on the south side, the bird condos in the water on the southwest corner, the marina side peppered with loading, unloading and visor-wearing and the east side, which can be a quiet and peaceful place to watch the sunset.The best part about Sloan's, in my opinion, is that it creates one of the best views in Denver. You can see it when you drive by on Sheridan, but when you take a stroll around the lake, you can really take the time to watch our Mile High City floating on a lake that reflects the sunset better than any soccer fields ever could. If I'm having a down day, a walk around Sloan's to watch all of the families, children, dogs, runners, orthodox Jews and casual walkers like myself fills me with new perspective and everything is OK again.I've never been to the boat festival, but it is definitely on my bucket list!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,3/28/2012,110,188,4,6,7>Oh Snooze, how I love you.   Let me count the ways:Could it be the Ham Benedict III?  WIth an English muffin topped with ham, perfectly poached eggs and smoked cheddar hollandaise?Or maybe the Sweet Potato Pancakes? Topped with homemade caramel, pecans and ginger butter?Possibly it's for the possibilites you have, including Breakfast Pot Pies, and all kinds of other Benedicts I have had yet to try. It's definitely because of the Mimosas with Odwalla and topped with some yummy fruit liquor.  It's true, I am a breakfast lover anyway, but I think you do it oh so well.  My friends have loved the Burrito and the fact that you have Potato breakfasts that have no eggs in them.  My only complaints are the loooooonnnng waits for a table, and the lack of kids meals.  Sometimes I'd like to meet mom friends here during the week, but you only have the adult meals to choose from.  I hope you include them in the future.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,3/27/2012,137,174,3,9,5>Superb beer, excellent food.  I cannot wait to go back to try even more tasters and get some more of their awesome jalapeno poppers. The beers I tried were the following: Maharaja - my favorite of the evening.  Bold, earthy tasting hops.  Somewhat of a grapefruit flavor. Creamy, smooth, and delicious. Dry-Hopped IPA - 2nd favorite.  Wonderful balance of hops/floral flavor. Very crisp taste. Kind of bitter with a piney taste.  I prefer piney, hoppy tasting beers, so I really enjoyed it.DuganA IPA  - a sweeter IPA.  I enjoyed it but found it to be a bit sweet for my liking.  Felt like it had a prominent citrus flavor and a tad syrupy.Mephistopheles' Stout - 16.8 ABV!  Crazy!  I actually really enjoyed this beer. I found it to have a nice coffee/vanilla flavor.  The beer was very smooth for the strong ABV content.  I highly recommend their jalapeno poppers.  Coming from a jalapeno popper connoisseur , I can say that these are the BEST I have ever had.   First off, they are HUGE!  They also pack in a lot of spice with their delicious, spicy cheese center.  The breading on the outside is crispy and kept perfect shape being fried.  They come with a delicious bronco sauce that is crazy addicting.  I had to fight myself not to place a duplicate order for more of these delicious poppers.  I would make the journey to Boulder for these poppers alone.  The coconut shrimp was also great.  The jalapeno poppers were the star though.So far, this has been my favorite brewery experience.  I cannot wait to go back.  I would highly recommend Avery Brewing to anyone who is looking for an excellent beer tasting experience and some awesome food to go along with it.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,3/26/2012,306,629,2,11,7>For the life of me, I can't understand this restaurant's low rating.  It's definitely five stars in my book.  No, it's not authentic Mexican food from Federal. It's classy Mexican/Southwestern food in a fancy space, and it's fantastic.  I've been twice in the last two weeks as we've hosted two sets of parents, and both visits were great.What we ordered:--complimentary chips and salsa.  The chips are thin and crispy, and you get both a warm and cold salsa.  I think the cold is more flavorful, but both are delicious.--guacamole made table side.  Order this.  Be happy.  The guacamole at Scottsdale's Cantina Laredo is what transformed me into an avocado fan.--camarones escondidos: this was my order last week.  Perfectly cooked chicken, amazing chipotle wine brown sauce, delicious shrimp, and not enough of them. I would definitely recommend this.--camaron poblano asada: perfectly cooked flank steak, wrapped around a roasted pepper, wrapped around shrimp, all stuffed with spinach and cheese.  What's not to love?--cascabel ribeye:  my fiancé has ordered this twice, finished it twice, and loved it twice.  I stole the leftover potatoes this time around and was very glad I did.--Cantina Laredo platter: so far I've only tried the mole enchilada, but everything in this looked great.  I inherited these leftovers (no theft involved) and I'm excited for my work lunch tomorrow.--chicken fajitas: probably the most ordinary and mediocre option, but still a solid choice.--Mexican brownie: I could leave the ice cream, but would kill for someone to bring me this brownie right now.Margaritas:  the patron and pomegranate are both great choices.  The mango was good, but not quite as fantastic. Fiancé loved his mojito on both visits.Service is awesome-- we had Esmerelda both times, and she was great.I'd go back in a heartbeat.  I'm so glad I live close!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,3/25/2012,389,548,14,12,11>I like this bar A LOT.  Unfortunately, I often don't have enough money to show the bar how much I like it.It's smack dab in the middle of ground zero for douchery, but the bar itself is hidden and uncrowded, likely a combination of price, seating room only, and not having Redbull to make vodka Redbulls.  Sorry bro.The make all of their sodas, bitters, etc in house.  They hand chip their own ice.  All cocktails are $12 and take a bit of time to make.  You can't stay here very long or all of your going out money for the weekend will be gone.  But I think it's worth it for a splurge.Friday night's visit turned me on to some really great gin from Oregon.  I didn't know I like gin so well until recently - the bartendress made this as a gin fizz to really highlight the minty flavor of the gin.  It was delightful.This bar also made me realize that I really love egg whites in drinks when I had the Petunia on a prior visit.They have pie and that's pretty awesome.  They also have small appetizers, but this place is definitely best suited as a low-key pre or post-dinner destination.I think the "speakeasy" trend is definitely starting to pick up in Denver and that's fine by me.  They didn't have Redbull in the 20s/30s, so it's an automatic bro deterrent.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,3/24/2012,97,41,9,12,8>My second visit made me a true believer.  The Monday night happy hour is priced absurdly low.  Tried a Coconut-O roll...wow.  And we somehow managed to score an extra one that they made by mistake.On top of the sushi, the service really is some of the best in town.  These cats seem to be having fun with each other and they're very sociable.  I want to be friends with these people.  I want to be a "reg."  It'll be like Cheers...but with uncooked fish and cool dudes in Japanese bandanas instead of beer and Ted Danson.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,3/23/2012,177,337,5,9,9>The perfect place to take someone so you can make out in the middle of the day ;-)I had bookmarked this place on Yelp and finally got the chance to check it out...everything I had hoped for and more! What once had been Cafe Cero, the new Black Crown Lounge is so relaxing and welcoming it should be a crime. Promptly greeted by Mike, I had me a delicious glass of Pinot Grigio and then set off to explore the awesome setup.Seriously -  feels like you are hanging out in someones house. The lounge itself is a showroom for the antiques and home furnishings sold by the store at the front. The at home feel totally makes this place a hidden treasure! It's a nice change from the "thumpa-thumpa" of most bars these days. Stop in with friends for a little convo and a little drinky-drink.I loved the abundance of sitting rooms, the patio (both front and back), the customer service...but mostly I like that you can go to the upstairs and hang out while looking down your nose at all the people below. Such an awesome atmosphere!While hanging out in the upstairs lounge area Mike came by to refill our drinks and sat down for a nice little chat too. It was nice to see that level of care for customers. Moreover, the MUSIC, oh the MUSIC was like being transported back to grandma's house with the old, yet fun tunes. Only this time, you're allowed to drink :-)I highly recommend The Black Crown Lounge for people who love to enjoy the little gems that Denver has to offer while sipping on some cocktails and chatting with squirrel friends.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2012,3/22/2012,175,855,2,7,5>I saw the red cheese steak sign from Lincoln one day and put this place on my to-do list of lunch stops.  I popped in around 12:30 and the place was pretty packed, but no line.  Since it was my first trip in I kept it simple, 8" cheese steak (onion, cheese, steak, on a hoagie).  The service was fast and I amused myself with the short wait by reading the funny signs around (for instance: french fries should be eaten with cheez whiz).  Back at my desk I opened my warm tubular thing encased in foil and was a little bit of a let down.  It is kind of a beige and brown lump (see pic).  No matter, cheese steaks are for eating, not looking!  I dove in.  So, first of all it is a good bun (soft and chewy).  The steak is chopped up nicely and there is a good amount of it the bun (they didn't skimp).  The cheese, however, is less plentiful.  Silly me for not reading the Yelp reviews before I went, because they all say to order more cheese!  Next time, I would go for one of the cheese steaks with peppers on it and definitely more cheese.  It didn't blow me away, but it was a good and filling lunch for $6+change!  I will be back!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,3/21/2012,204,249,1,8,8>I love this place.  Like I said in my previous review, I've been eating here since I was a kid.  It had been a while since I stopped by so when it was suggested as a breakfast meet-up this morning, I couldn't resist!  Especially after seeing it featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on Food Network (how cool is that?)I had a benedict plate again this time, but this time I had turkey and avocado.  It was FAN-FREAKIN-TASTIC!  I devoured almost the whole plate.  We also split some white fish and beef baken.  I had never had their beef baken before and I have to say, it was awesome!  The other people at my table disagreed with me, however I love that chewy, thick beef jerky like bacon and that's exactly what it was.  The white fish was PERFECT!  Except a few little bones we had to spit out, it was tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.The service was a little lacking, but they were busy which is a downfall this place being on TV because now everyone wants to check it out.  My coffee went empty several times and I had to keep flagging someone down for a refill. Overall, I still love this place and I can't wait to go back.  It's worth breaking my diet once in a while, especially for some beef baken!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,3/20/2012,37,208,4,8,4>When my little sis first told me about Cowboba I have to admit that I had a moment of disbelief... steak and boba?  In the end it turns out that it is true, and boy am I glad that I tried it.  Cowboba is never going to measure up to a high end steakhouse, but I don't think I've had a better steak (for a little over ten bucks) just about anywhere.  They offer a very no frills dinner, but it is great.  The dinners all come with a salad which won't win any awards (served in a wooden bowl- probably out of a bag), but you shouldn't go to a steakhouse for the salad.  The steaks are good sized, always perfectly cooked (at least per my experience), and delicious.  I always get the NY Strip and Rice which is a NY Strip (surprise surprise) and, you guessed it, rice.  This is not, however, typical steakhouse rice pilaf but fluffy delicious jasmine rice.  It is hard to beat jasmine rice eaten together with the juice of a delicious steak. Where it gets really weird is that after dinner (or, of course, during dinner) one can get a boba smoothie.  I am partial to the coffee (which is just a smoothie form of Vietnamese iced coffee) and jasmine flavours.  The food is great, the staff friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere somewhere between generic Vietnamese restaurant and low-end steakhouse.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,3/19/2012,133,398,1,7,9>I'm not sure what took me so long to write a review for this place. The first time I went was with Shalan G and a group of Yelpers for a Friday evening HH. It was such great fun. But not just fun, but great food and good service. There was a group of maybe 10 or more of us and our server was always prompt with taking orders.On my first visit, I tried the root beer pulled pork sliders with fries, which were very tasty. I seem to recall having some sort of Limoncello (maybe) spritzer, as it was summertime.My second visit was at the Yelp Elite event in November. I'd come straight from a workout and the nibbles while lovely did not satiate my hunger. I did try a pulled chicken appetizer on a small square of toast, which was quite delicious as well. The pulled chicken appetizer ended up being components of the HTB Chicken Club .While reviewing the menu, I decided on the Chicken Club since I'd already enjoyed it, with a side some of Juan's muy delicioso chimichurri sauce. Juan told me that he uses his chimichurri sauce for everything and I can't say that the man is wrong. Holy cow, that chimichurri sauce is wonderful. Love that stuff. At the Elite event, I enjoyed a Moscow Mule with honey vodka. The first Moscow Mule was served in a regular glass, not in a copper mug and it was only a half drink. Juan saw that I didn't have a full drink (not that I noticed or cared) and pulled the server to the side and told her to bring me another full drink on his tab, which I thought was wonderful.On my most recent visit, I was treating a friend to dinner and since she worked nearby and I was off that Friday, I suggested we meet at HTB for dinner. We were there in time for HH, so drinks were had, a grilled artichoke for an appetizer, as well as sweet potato chips. My friend ordered the sliders and I had the HTB Chicken Club yet again with chimichurri and was supremely happy with my meal. I've enjoyed the food and service so much here, I can't wait to go again. Yum!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,3/18/2012,107,168,1,8,4>Go Fish...What are you putting in your sushi? I am completely addicted.  You have a great happy hour, great staff (Brian is INCREDIBLE), you have check in deals on the weekend, how can I stay away from you??We were looking for a cheapish place to grab sushi one night and searched Yelp the name Go Fish made us shy away but we ended up here when the other place we wanted to go to looked like a fast food joint (we didn't want our sushi that cheap).  This was the night my serious addiction to Go Fish began.  We had Brian (I have had him 2 other times since) and he took incredible care of us.  Letting us try their infused sakes, making sure we always had enough, and best of all pacing our meal to our liking not anyone else's! Everything here is good from their edamame, to low carb rolls, sweet potato rolls, even their live scallops!Went back on Sunday for a friend's birthday and we all had an absolute blast!  It is always fun to introduce new people to the places I am in love with!Go Fish we are going to have a long and beautiful relationship!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,3/17/2012,197,231,4,7,6>OHHHHHH MAN!So you're telling me there's a theater in town with waiter service, cheap tickets ($5 on weekdays) and a full menu?  Sign. Me. Up.Seriously though, this is such a nice change from the rat-race that is the UA Pavillons downtown which I generally frequent when seeing a film with Ladyhawk.  I love that I can order nice locally-made brews from my seat throughout the film and never miss a scene.  I also kind of like that it's a little out of the way because it means that I'm less likely to deal with crowds on a weeknight.  And the Blue Cheese burger was very tasty and easy to eat in the dark :)Oh and they show old cartoons before the movie starts.  Served.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,3/16/2012,306,1103,6,6,7>Ok so this place is a little dingy looking but don't let that keep you away from this place!For nine bones I got:Srirachatofushirataki noodlesChinese eggplantonionroasted seaweedmushroomsAll of that for nine frickin dollars! I went on a Sunday and it was an absolute zoo but I kinda liked the whole people bumping into each other and some throwing elbows and throwing them back because no one really cares. This is going to be my new spot for getting produce since I can not only try exotic-to-me foods but also it's so cheap, why would I pay double the amount at the chain grocery stores? Even though it's on the other side of town, I will definitely be back for sure.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,3/15/2012,809,1185,5,7,3>I'm a huge frequenter of the Stapleton Dog Park being so close to where I live.  The beau has a pass to the Cherry Creek Park and we decided to go and give my dig dog, Anja a good romp.We arrived and since I've never been I was totally amazed with the miles of space for your dogs to run off leash!  This is a dream come true.  I have a 90lb Shepherd and she has lots of energy.  She didn't know what to do with herself.  She was running, splashing through the water for hours and having such a great time.  All the new smells, no real off limit area and she was in heaven.  Tons of small and large hills and little cliffs for the dogs to jump and really get a good workout in.  One thing that I see most people have mentioned in their reviews is the need for your dog to come to you.  If your dog doesn't respond to your commands this place is most likely not for as it isn't really fenced in.  Do some light dog training and come back - it'll be worth it.My dog is passed out on the couch snoring with all the fun we had the dog park today.  We will definitely be back, most likely next weekend for some more fun in the sun!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,3/14/2012,174,419,5,7,5>So I just got back from an hour-long massage with Shana at Standley.  First off, let me say this: thank you, Shana, for listening to what I asked for and providing a wonderful massage based on those requests.I woke up this morning with wrecked neck and shoulders; not entirely sure of why the tension was so severe, I decided to use the birthday money from my mom on something for myself (instead of putting it towards a bill, or something equally responsible and adult-like).  Man am I glad I did.  I'm also glad other "go to" places were booked until much later in the afternoon than I wanted to go (I had to have it ASAP), or booked completely.My experiences with massages around Denver have been that of a crapshoot.  Some have been most excellent, others have been lacking and left me irritated with having spent the money on them.  And while I wasn't sure what to expect from SLMT (I found it through a Google proximity search), I took the leap of faith because hey, they could get me in as soon as I could get up there basically.SLMT is located in a strip mall off of 88th and Wadsworth.  It is an older building, and even though I could occasionally hear motorcycles whizzing past outside, and another client's settling in process in the next room, none of this bothered me.  Music was piped in throughout the rooms at a nice volume.  Lights were dim.  Lotion was scent-less from what I can tell.  Shana was my RMT and she asked about my trouble spots; she also asked if I wanted just my back worked on, or more full-body.  I told her if she could work in the legs that would be fine, but I wanted the focus to be on my shoulders/back.  She did the perfect mix -- I'd say 85/15 of trouble spots to full-body.  Her pressure was perfect, and I left SLMT feeling like a puddle of goo (in a good way!).All this helpful treatment for $65 (for 60 minutes, not including gratuity).  That rate is about standard, if not a little less (especially for Denver-central massage places).  Also, according to their website they work with medical massage as well (in case anyone reading is fortunate enough to have a plan that includes massages).  In addition to the standard Swedish massage, they offer hot stone and pregnancy massage, in addition to more condition-specific treatments.  Overall, this is one of the best massages I've had, and I'll undoubtedly be back.  The drive is a bit for me, but a good massage is worth it.  My only fear would be goo'ing up on the drive home and careening off the side of the road in a fireball of totally relaxed bliss... (calm down it's just a joke)
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,3/13/2012,315,429,6,14,11>Near the weird Leetsdale/Parker/Mississippi intersection, you'd probably be surprised to learn that there are a fair number of excellent businesses tucked away within the half dozen strip malls that line the streets.  Here you'll find Copper Kettle brewing up some of the best brews I've had in Denver.On a whim, Steve A and I decided that it was finally time to go investigate this new brewery, especially since we've been sampling the suds on the other side of town so frequently.  Copper Kettle is just off of Parker on Valentia, shining brightly on cold winter nights.  The tap room is really quite beautiful and polished:  cozy bar area, several tables to host larger groups, and a few comfy couches.  Wherever you find yourself, you'll feel at home here.  Steve and I shimmied up to the bar and joined a small group of regulars.  After speaking with Kristen, the GM of CK, we decided we'd order CK's à la carte sampler flight to get a good idea of what CK is brewing.  Choose four beers from their menu of about 8-10.  I opted to skip their two IPAs and went for Belgian Golden Strong, Winter Spice Ale, Smoked Porter, and Mexican Chocolate Stout.  Wow!  Each beer was flavorful and memorable!  But as previous reviewers have stated, the Mexican Chocolate Stout is the clear winner here; it even nabbed a Gold Medal this past year at GABF!  This brew is fantastic:  dark, smooth chocolaty flavor to begin with,  followed by a slight peppery flavor that literally tingles on your tongue.Dionysus has indeed smiled upon Denver over these past few years:  how can we be so lucky to have so many amazing craft breweries pop up all over town?  Thank the beer gods that Copper Kettle is truly within reasonable stumbling distance of my apartment!  Do yourself a favor, beer lovers, and add Copper Kettle to your beer rotation!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,3/12/2012,25,172,3,4,4>Stopped in today as we were trolling the neighborhood trying to recall where P&B was.Picked up some mouth-watering delicious Irish cheddar. I expected a certain amount of sharpness, only having tried a couple of mainstream Irish cheddars in the past - this was not at all! Creamy finish that left me wanting more.A huge slab of Iowa prosciutto caught my eye, so the gentleman sliced us some thin, long strips that we've been ripping on all day. This stuff feeds the soul.Next time we'll be picking up more cheese AND bacon & eggs!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,3/11/2012,449,261,3,5,5>Let me just say that as soon as they get a liquor license the rating will go up to a five star. The pizza is FANTASTIC! They make their cheese fresh daily and you can tell each pizza is made with love.  The chef is wonderful and if it's a quiet lunch he'll come out and tell you his history which is fascinating. The decor is cozy Italian country side and the location near mainstreet is ideal if you aren't up for the bar scene or Vines after a Town event.We've had several kinds of pizza so far and my favorite is the simple sauce, fresh tomato's and basil. My husband tried the pasta for the first time last week, spaghetti with Italian Sausage and it was excellent as well.We've also tried the Buratta which was amazing and the fresh mozzarella which was just ok.If would could just have our pizza with a nice bottle of a table red we'd be in heaven.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,3/10/2012,246,749,3,3,3>Go with a friend and get the Tacos Barco! 6 tacos you can choose from the menu or let them surprise you, served with rice and beans.So, the flour tortillas here are fantastic! No question, get your tacos on the flour tortillas, not the corn or lettuce wraps. You must experience the flour! Every taco I got here was interesting, unique and tasty. I can vouch for the Pescado, the Carnitas, the Ninja, the Club, the Caprese and the Philly (although I had to remove the jalapenos from it, they were a bit hot). All fantastic.Happy Hour here is great, $3 margaritas & house wine and $2 PBR cans, nice!Food prices are great, too. $20 will totally cover dinner for two. This place is a bit small, so make sure and call ahead if you have a large group.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,3/9/2012,188,261,2,4,6>3.5 Stars The cider is gone :( , they don't even have any available off the tap. The 'badger honey' beer is Shock Top Wheat, but the place still has great drink specials and a Yelp check in deal. Would be nice if there was a cider option, in a can or bottle! There is plenty of PBR (on tap and in a can), Hamms, Old Style, etc. Are these beers really more popular than Strongbow or Woodchuck? How about giving Glider a try? Or any other local tasty brews? The service is still rockin, and there was a weird fun crowd on a Saturday night. They played the music a little too loud to talk, but it was still fun for a few drinks and I am sure we will return.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,3/8/2012,476,701,2,7,6>If you've never been to a house concert, you've missed seeing music in the coolest surroundings ever. Imagine seeing a nationally renowned act in the comfort of someone's living room! You can't ask for a more intimate setting to see and hear an artist perform. I've seen around a dozen or so shows here and I've never been disappointed with the music or the experience. The set up goes something like this. The  door charge is typically $15 to $20 per seat and the artist(s) is paid 100% of the money.  The homeowner donates the room, the sound, and this great environment out of his own love of music. Reservations are pretty much required because every show I've seen there has been sold out well in advance (the room only holds around 40 people). Some food and drink is provided by the host but you're encouraged to bring food or drink to share also. Just a few of the artists I've had the pleasure of hearing are the  National Slide guitar champ Kraig Kenning, the Rhythm Angels (which is comprised of Celeste Krenz and Rebecca Folsom), the Matt Flinner Trio (AMAZING well, really every show is great but man!), the Boulder Acoustic Society and the show I saw this evening was two virtuoso guitarists Ross Martin and Grant Gordy (they were mind-blowing!), . If you have the chance, do yourself (and your ears and eyes) a favor. If you like music, you'll love this!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,3/7/2012,131,377,7,8,8>ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!!!.........THAT TASTES GOOD!!!Honestly, that's all that needs to be said. But I'll let you in on a little more info because, well, you're probably bored at work and need some reading material.First, it's straight forward. You get a list plus a couple of pages from the menu to choose from, and it's go-time from there.Second, there are all of the classics, plus some interesting special rolls. Quite frankly, the number of items you can order is very extensive. The BBQ beef roll was surprisingly delicious, as was the roll with roasted garlic on top (it's on the menu).Lastly, they have a happy hour with a buy-one-get-one on beer. A tasty companion x2 for your feast adventure. Plus everyone knows that beer boosts your eating capacity, right?Not the best sushi in the world, but very good to the point that you'll want to eat as much as you can. And guess what? That's exactly what you get to do! Plus it's really easy to make up the $24 and then some. Boom baby.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/6/2012,410,321,6,20,15>This is easily the Tacos Paradise, serving a variety of over 20 types of tacos, ranging from boring (mainstream grilled chicken or al Pastor) to different kinds of Borrego tacos. Don't be afraid, El Trompito's Borrego doesn't taste overly gamy, neither is cooked forever losing its own distinct textures, aromas and taste. Surprisingly, tacos de pancita de Borrego tasted pretty good, and texture was interesting, good interesting though, will order that next time for sure. These are the tacos we've ordered:Tacos al AlbañilTacos de BorregoTacos de CabezaTacos de PastorTacos de MoleTacos de Pancita de BorregoTacos de LenguaTacos de SuaderoTacos de Carne AssadaTacos al PastorTacos de BarbacoaTacos de CarnitasThey also have a salsa bar, which is not just the salsa bar you're used to... They have all freshly chopped herbs, toppings, cucumbers, pickles, and even nopales!Portions are decent, double small corn tortillas, topped with meat of choice. Besides tacos, they serve a vast array of tortas, taquitos, burritos, Mexican plates, Mexican breakfast plates, made from scratch aguas frescas to horchata, fridge filled all Mexican sodas, canned juices, and a rainbow Fanta flavors...Thinking this place is awesome already?! Well, next to the taqueria/restaurant side, you'll find a modern, totally different décor from next door, an ice cream parlor, with waffle cones found at any upper scale ice cream shop, an extended variety of toppings, and very interesting flavors; from American favorites to Mexican favorites...Without a doubt, El Trompito is the ultimate Mexican food experience, from beginning to end, ehh or from tacos to plates, to ice cream!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,3/5/2012,702,888,5,10,13>I've found my favorite breakfast in all of the land: Root Down's Hazel Dell mushroom omelette ($9). Basically Root Down asked me what all of my favorite things are in the whole world, put them on a plate and fed them to me for a delicious brunch...all unbeknownst to me! Eggs, delicate mushrooms, goat cheese, sage creme fraiche plus herbed organic breakfast potatoes = amazing. I even got a pile of lemon-dressed arugula on my plate which made me happy as a clam, and it wasn't listed on the menu with my dish. It was the type of breakfast that required combo bites (something my dad forced me to do as a child) because everything on the plate was in love with each other, as much as I was in love with all of it. As hard as it was to choose from the lengthy brunch menu, I will order this again and again and again. Their mimosas are terrific too. Not too sweet, not too cheapy booze, not too strong and most importantly, not too weak. I'm happy and sad this place is so popular because I fear it will be hard to get this omelette again anytime soon. But I'll try! We had great service for our party of 7 on a very busy brunchy pre-Halloween Sunday. I wanted to sit for hours and drink mimosas because it was a beautiful, sunshiney, relaxing morning but felt bad hogging a table since there was quite a crowd waiting.My only small beef is that the menu online was not current. The prices of bottomless mimosas have risen by $2 for both varieties but the web menu does not reflect that yet. Just a small detail but for a menu browsing addict like me, always noticed.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,3/4/2012,459,806,9,12,12>I'm going for it, I'm giving the 5 stars. I haven't done a good, solid 5 star review in a while, and when I was thinking about what would make El Camino not 5 stars, I couldn't come up with anything.Granted, that 5 stars is for a great happy hour/cheapish mexican/great drinking type restaurant. Don't get your socks all bunched thinking this is some sort of stellar upscale fare. It's cheesy, it's not necessarily authentic, but it fits the bill and it does so well. The happy hour is pretty darn awesome: super cheap, booze-filled house margaritas that are not filled with neon green mix. Cheap draft beer that is made just for this restaurant. $3 Baskets of chips and guac, $5 mexican pizzas (flour tortillas with cheese, beans, chile) and $5 queso. This queso is big enough to submerge your whole face. Seriously. If you wanted to just bathe in the cheesy goodness, you could. I also love that they serve it basically plain, with ramekins of jalapeño, cilantro and chorizo on the side, so you can doctor it to your taste. If you get hungrier and want "real" food, (you mean you can't subsist on beer and cheese alone?!) you can get some tasty chicken enchiladas with rice and beans for $9. If you want an upgraded, coin margarita, they are still very reasonable at around $5 on the happy hour menu. The service was consistent and attentive on both my visits, even when we occupied the biggest bar table for 5 hours once. And even when someone spit tequila across the bar. Everyone needs a bar that will put up with that, that also serves awesome cheap food and booze. El Camino fits the bill.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,3/3/2012,93,249,3,4,5>We've been here half a dozen times now, and would probably be here MORE often if it wasn't a 25 minute drive.We haven't been tempted to try anything off the menu other than pizza, because... well... the place is called "Big Bill's NY Pizza."  It's what they do best.**Disclaimer:  the garlic knots are fracking delicious.  Maybe they do those best, too.We always get two large pizzas with wheat crusts and take home the leftovers.  I've had greasy pizza before, and this ain't greasy pizza, folks.  The toppings are fresh, the sauce is tasty, and the crust is chewy and never overbaked.Moreover, the service (typically a slew of teenaged kids running to and fro) has never been bad for us.  Every single time we've come here, it's been busy.  This alone is a sign of a good pizza place.  They clearly have devoted regulars.Once, we even got to meet the man himself as he came around to the tables and said hello to the customers.  He's a hoot.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/2/2012,101,138,12,12,12>The fifth star is for having the Macallan Ice Ball maker in house (themacallan.com/shop/det) so when I order two Macallan 18's, I feel they're being treated with the proper respect they're due.I tried the ham plate, the seared scallops, had a bite of Lacey's bolognese (sweet little 8lb 6oz baby Jesus) and the aforementioned single Malt. Had some delicious wine.And I wish I could remember our server's name because he was excellent. He had opinions about the wine pairings, the apps, the scotch... but not in a snooty, douchey way. In a way that made you understand he had eaten there and spent actual time and energy learning his craft. Well done, person whose name I can't recall. Well done.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,3/1/2012,61,369,2,8,7>Great breakfast!  Was perusing Yelp looking for a new breakfast spot to try.  The reviews for Kyle's described it perfectly.  Small with great grub.  Walked in around 1 this past Sunday and the place was packed.  There is a long counter and every space was full.  There are four small tables that seat up to four.  I was worried we wouldn't get a chance to eat here but quickly seats opened up.  We saddled up to the counter and began debating what to get.  Kyle came over and brought us water and was super friendly.  It was great listening to her banter with the regulars.  She was sassy and sweet.  My bf ordered the biscuits and gravy, toast and hash browns (part of a pick 3), hello carbs!  I ordered the veggie omlette no spinach, add onions and cheese, toast and potatoe fries.  From our seats at the counter we could see everything being prepared on the grill.  My omlette arrvied with crisp fresh veggies, perfect balance of cheese and great fluffy texture.  One of the best I've had in Denver.  Potatoe fries were crisp and tasty.  Bf enjoyed his meal and stated he would soon be entering a food coma.  I ordered the hot chocolate which was delicious and came in an ecletic rooster mug.  All of the mugs at Kyle's had character.  Kyle was great and the regulars were super friendly.  I will definitely go back in  the near future.  Well priced too!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,2/29/2012,51,204,4,7,7>Let's be honest, in Aurora there aren't many places to get quality steak or meats. We've been frequenting Carmine's for about a year now and I can't tell you what wonderful customer service they offer ! Don't let all the big chain supermarkets fool you into their meat selections. Most of the time these are staffed by the same kids that later stock the produce or called to be checkers. Buy your meat from someone in the KNOW ! Hungry for an incredible Italian meal but need to run home for the latest episode of " The Bachelor" ( don't judge we all have our weaknesses)? You can stop in here and walk out with a full Italian meal ready to eat ! This humble place could be classified as a butcher shop, deli,  bakery, sandwich shop and a tiny little shoppette for any and all things Italian !
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,2/28/2012,336,514,11,11,10>I came here last night to celebrate a friends birthday and found this place to be downright awesome. Here's the breakdown:Star #1: The bar itself is quite spacious along with the adjoining room filled with pool table after pool table. it seems to get pretty packed in there too! on a random monday night, it wasn't too busy but still a fun atmosphere to relax with friends. I absolutely love the mural on the wall as soon as you walk in welcoming you to Praha...:)Star #2: The food is amazing. Although we only had some appetizers, the fried mushrooms were perfectly toasted/soaked in Czech beer batter and delicious to the last bite! We also had a round of nachos, which were tasty as well! The extensive list of food, made me want to come back for a better taste of Europe!Star #3: Service is outstanding. Despite our large party, our waiter was on top of it and returned with drinks before my beer was even gone! He was prompt, friendly and quick. gotta love it!Star #4: Prices aren't too shabby for south Broadway and after all the sampling of beers and food, our bill was less than $40. my kind of place :)Czech [ha...check!] it out!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,2/27/2012,242,830,14,7,5>Holy Effing HIKE!Okay, so if you've not worked out in a year, perhaps this is not the upward descent for you.It's NOT an easy climb up (I had to stop a few times!!)  but MAN, is it worth it.The glacier lake is beautiful, there are a few different trails upon which to wander, and it's SO picturesque.  So lug up your camera along with a lot of water.Once you're up, the altitude climb can stay pretty level, so it's fun to spend an hour or two wandering, picnicking, hiking, or whatever.And the way down hurts MUCH less.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,2/26/2012,214,316,6,11,10>This place is super tasty. I have been three times and each time I have liked it again and again. Here's my favorite parts!First they have grits and they also have grits of the day, which you can substitute for potatoes. Done and done! They do a poached egg right. When you cut into it with your fork...it oozes yolk. Yummy!The staff carries cracked pepper shakers. Breakfast tastes much better with fresh ground pepper. Great service. I have had my 5 month with me each time I have been there and they were not only accommodating, but with a smile on their face. I really appreciated that! It what keeps me coming back!The only downside to this lovely breakfast affair. Expense. My breakfast with tip yesterday was almost $20. Just something to keep in mind. I will say the money is worth it, but it can't be my always go-to because of that. I wish they offered half plates on some of their items because the plates are pretty big and could be split for both cost and food size!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,2/25/2012,190,322,3,9,7>Oh man...Namiko's added a new item to the menu! The ANA-BOMB! This is now my new favorite item supplanting the Line of Fire shrimp (sorry little shrimp, you're not off the hook, I'm still gonna eat you too).ANA-BOMB, got it's name, "ANA" for the Anaheim chili that is used to house the EXPLOSION of flavor (BOMB) hiding inside. POW! Basically, it's a Japanese chili relleno. A long Anaheim chili, loaded with a crab and cream cheese sushi roll. The whole thing is tempura fried and then drizzled with wasabi mayo and sriracha! It's the BOMB!!!Everything else remains up to Namiko's super high standards. Still have never had anything I didn't like...nay love...at Namiko's.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,2/24/2012,614,1007,9,10,11>Thanks to fellow yelper MJ for reminding me of this place. This place I pass every week as I drive to the Stingray for trivia and Beam. Mmm doggie!I thought about the toasted ravioli that I can only get when I am home in StL, and my mouth watered. I entered and was reminded of the cool atmosphere. Dark and sexy Gaetano's, just like I like it. I could smell the Chianti I knew would touch my lips soon. We sat down and when I looked at the menu it reminded me of the best Italian food I have ever had...in St Louis as well. I savored every item on the menu as I decided what to eat...then I noticed...wait! No toasted ravioli. So we ordered a bottle of fresh chianti and I asked "don't you have toasted ravioli"? The answer was no, BUT not without the suggestion of the kitchen to attempt a toasted ravioli for me. Nah! I didn't need anything special, but I so appreciated the offer. Instead I checked out the classics and the specialties.I always tend to go with eggplant parmesan, and OHHHHH YEAHHH! I am so glad I relied on an old favorite.The eggplant was stacked. The cheese was perfect. The dish was served with a pesto spaghetti even though the eggplant itself was in a red sauce. So divine!The service was awesome! From the guy who sat us, to the waitress (who juggled every table, and her friends at the bar - she was a pro), to the(tall, very good) busboy who never let a dirty plate sit in front of me. This could become a routine for me. Sooo good!Dessert was offered but I passed knowing one day when I have a special, romantical night here, dessert will be included and I can wait.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,2/23/2012,25,139,1,6,7>When my friend suggested this place for Sunday brunch I was initially hesitant. I have heard the horror stories of hour and a half wait times and that is something I just will NOT do. If it's more than 20 minutes I'm out. Take me to Village Inn. I was pleasantly surprised though. My friend arrived 15 minutes early and put our name in. When I walked in 5 minutes late (Cap Hill parking) our table was ready. We were seated outside and given water promptly. Our server was busy, but still found time to chat with us and recommend some donuts to start. I'm glad we took her advice and ordered the donut sampler. Warm, doughy and squirting out jelly. They were all delicious but the Crème Anglaise was my fave.I ordered the meatloaf hash with toast and over easy eggs. It was the perfect hearty and savory brunch I was craving. I also stole a few bites of my friend's lemon poppy seed pancakes. I'm usually a savory gal, but these were mighty tasty. They didn't even need syrup.Service was good as well. Our server was super friendly and our water glasses were always full. I will be back!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2011,2/22/2012,110,737,4,7,4>Came in on a Saturday afternoon and the waitress came over fairly quickly to take our drink order and hand us some menu's. The place wasn't that busy (maybe 1/3rd full) and it looked like the waitress was also doubling as the bartender.She came back a little bit later and did a drive-by to give us our drinks, not stopping to ask if we wanted food. There was a table up near the front that seemed to consume all of her time. The group got there after we did and got their FOOD before we even ordered.After being in the bar for 30 minutes she finally came by and took our order (wings and fries) and it didn't seem like we waited terribly long for the order to come out. We took the opportunity to order our 2nd round and that was pretty much the last we saw of her.I'd like to note that we ordered 2 rounds of beers (so 4 total) and at the end we noticed that there was a special for a $9 pitcher of what we ordered that the waitress didn't tell us about. So we ended up spending $25 on 4 beers that we could have gotten for $9.the wings and the fries were awesome. Cooked just to perfection and the wings were crispy and slathered with just the right amount of sauce. It also seemed that in the last 30 minutes or so of the about 90 minutes we were there that 2 more waitresses came in and started serving tables.  Just in time for us to leave!The bar was cute with a good atmosphere and the food was good enough that we certainly plan on coming back and giving it another try. But if the service is the same that will probably be about it.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,2/21/2012,152,243,4,6,6>Oh wow. Their braised beef short rib is my new favorite dish in Denver. It is so tender, you don't need a knife. Wasabi mashed potatoes are the perfect accompaniment. I think our server was a little grossed out because I pretty much licked my plate clean... with my fingers.Their "coffee and doughnuts" dessert is outstanding. It consists of espresso semi freddo with a freshly made spiced sugar doughnut. The perfect ending to any meal.There were a few missteps on our last visit. They ran out of the "soup of the day" by 6pm. I found that a little odd considering the place was empty.... It also took over 15 minutes to bring out our dessert despite the fact we pre-ordered it with our dinner. Little things like that won't prevent me from getting my hands on that short rib as often as possible. I know short rib is a wintery type dish, but I hope they don't ever take it off the menu, because if they do-- I might go into a deep impenetrable depression.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,2/20/2012,452,518,9,12,8>Being from Hawaii, I was beyond thrilled to find kalua pig, aloha shoyu, lau lau and many other goodies at this location.  They're well stocked with everything we locals are looking for, and the service is good. My only objection is the truly obnoxious prices.  God, we have to pay through the nose, don't we?  But that's wherever we go, so long as we're not in Hawaii.  That sucks -- a bag of poi sure as hell shouldn't be $25 or more.  That's borderline offensive because I know what kind of profit they must be making, but whatever.   Sometimes you have to have poi and, therefore, sometimes you have to dig deep.I'll be back.  I'll be poor and all ... but I'll be back.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,2/19/2012,515,852,16,10,12>How to be the nervous Dad in "Nemo" in a few easy lessons:1. Allow your 10 year-old son to convince you that making him wear hiking boots is old school, and instead that wearing sneakers with far less "gription" on a hike to the highest point in Boulder County is just fine, (which it basically was, by the way; he had no problems. I had the problems, and honestly can't say he would have been far safer in his hiking boots, since there is nothing very risky about the Bear Peak trail. And it didn't help any there were teen girls all over the trail wearing sneakers. "Dad, see? See what I mean?"2. Ascend to the Bear Peak Summit via Fern Canyon, which I knew in advance is the steepest, most difficult path to the summit.  As reviewer Erin S. said of this hike: "Very, very difficult hike. I didn't really know what I was getting into beforehand and it totally kicked my ass."Well, I knew it would kick my ass, and I am in shape. But hey, my companion is a 10 year-old who was thrilled to be back on the front range and was eager to show me he can burn my ass, even if he has been at sea level for the last 10 months.3. Arrive at the summit pretty darn tired, and watch said energy-oozing 10 year-old scamper up the final and steepest point on the summit, which is a collection of pretty vertical, jagged rocks that indeed make an awesome but - from a nervous Dad's perspective - quite narrow perch for the proud kid showing up his Dad.Here are the narrow, jagged summit rocks I am talking about: yelp.com/biz_photos/9LBI4. Accede to gloating 10 year-old's demands to take triumph photos after climbing those damn jagged, vertical rocks, which for me were doubly hard to navigate because for the first time in my life, I got a good dose of Acrophobia. Gad damn it! My stomach was in my throat when I looked down, and here I am, the vanquished Dad:yelp.com/biz_photos/9LBIAfter the hike, the kid says: "Dad, I can wear my hiking boots from now; it's okay. Can we climb the second Flatiron tomorrow?"Melt.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,2/18/2012,397,602,1,6,7>This is the realest studio in town. THE REAL-EST.Katrina's classes have been just what I needed through some rough personal times. I truly believe her bhakti yoga class will help my soul heal.  Not to mention there are other amazing teachers at this studio as well..each has their own different teaching style. There is no other place in Denver that offers Bhakti Yoga(vinyasa flow done to music, and chanting). I do believe yoga can be life-altering, you will understand once you attend one of her amazing classes. You'll immediately feel at home at this studio, since it feels like you are doing yoga in someone's house!  I'm glad to be back closer to this side of town so I can do most of my yoga practice here.Namaste!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,2/17/2012,149,501,1,5,6>I've lived near O'Kane Park for most of my life. It's gone through many changes, most of them being positive. They have a little pond with a nice fountain on the east side of the park. They closed off and remodeled the area where the steps used to be. Just as well, as the water was dirty (algae and the like) and they didn't want you swimming in it anyway. There are two large fields for people, dogs, and geese to run around and enjoy. There are two parking lots and some street parking (mostly on the north side). They have a fenced-in tennis court area (3 courts wide, I believe) that is really popular with people and their dogs. The playground is awesome, as Kym wrote. It's fairly current and in really good shape. It's fun for big kids as well as little kids. They do a decent job of cleaning up the area, so it's not too common to find trash or undesirables in the play area or nearby shelter. There are a few benches placed around the upper playground. The lower play area has a few swings and tire swings, too. The path around the perimeter is long, and you can take shortcuts if you want. People are friendly and will smile and say hi most of the time. Bikers seem to know their manners and will call out when they're getting ready to pass a pedestrian. Crotchety old men may or may not yell at you for chasing the geese and causing them to fly away en masse. I've been here at various times of the day and in the evening when the sun is mostly down and I've never feared for my safety (and I'm paranoid). This park is just nice and shows the pride of Lakewood takes in maintaining its parks.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,2/16/2012,22,43,4,7,4>I'm rating this because I wanted to calm to fears of anyone going to this place. I bought a groupon and was near terrified to use it after reading the reviews here! Everyone made me so nervous that I a) took out cash because of the terrifying credit card machine that they  bring to your tableb) was ready and expecting to have to pay full price in case they didn't accept the grouponc) expected grocery store quality sushid) was braced for rude serviceI'm happy to say none of this happened. The waitress was kind and prompt. I was asked, upon seating, if we had a groupon. I'm guessing this was because it was happy hour. Makes sense to me. The sushi was fresh (as much as it can be in Colorado) and incredible, the miso soup was fabulous, the chicken teriyaki was awesome. So, if you're terrified of this place... stop stressing. It's good stuff. And my husband suggests you try the "Hula" sushi. He hasn't stopped talking about it in 2 days. Oy.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,2/15/2012,217,97,8,16,14>I had been craving soup for weeks, and waiting for this place to open. It finally did and I was fortunate enough to be one of their first customers. The menu is not huge, and they focus on their soups.  The potato bombs are a breakfast potato skin with egg and cheese, smothered in sausage gravy or green chili. The game hen dinner is $6 & the rib dinner $6.50 , holy crap cheap!We ordered the green chili and the ham hock and bean soups. Both came with an apple and biscuits.  The green chili was amazing and spicy. My mouth was a happy camper. The ham soup was also tasty. I must say, I was pleased by the entire experience. The veggies tasted fresh, the stock was great, all tasted well taken care of. The cheesy biscuits were also a nice addition. Plus their hours are sweet!  I can go in at 7 AM and get my lunch for the day on the way to work.Good job, white soul brothers!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,2/14/2012,14,95,5,6,6>This place is pretty amazing.  So many choices - it can be a little overwhelming.  Just get into a groove, use the little sample cups, go to town.  My favorite flavor HANDS DOWN is the tart.  It is perfect.  Second favorite was the Tropical (sugar free, tastes just like orange creamsicle!).They have dairy free/vegan options, sugar free, fat free, gluten free, egg free - epic selection.  So many toppings.  The little vacuum cleaner that the girls have to use is hilarious as well.  Only draw back - so...many...people.   I've only been twice, once at peak hours, once right before closing on a Friday night.  It was glorious in the later hours - apparently some teenagers still have a curfew thank god. If you go during the day, prepare to get your Lil' Jon on and throw some bows to get to your puppy chow topping.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,2/13/2012,290,399,7,11,9>The last few weeks of my life have been downright awful. My BF gave me a gift certificate for Valentine's Day that I finally decided that it was time to use. I've been beyond stressed so decided this was a good idea to try to get myself on track. I booked an evening massage with Jessica and my mind was blown at how such tiny hands can pack such brute force! She paid lots of attention to the type of pressure I asked her for and spent time on the places that were bothering me the most. I spent the end half of the massage running numbers in my head as to how I can fit seeing Jessica into my monthly budget, I kid you not. I left feeling like a new person and even though my real life problems will obviously come swooping back in, for that 75 min I went to a peaceful place.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,2/12/2012,203,265,5,8,5>The Teatro has elegant rooms and a first class staff.(An example being the valets who offered to take our car to a wash and detail center a few miles away when we simply asked about the closest carwash.) The hotel rooms are tiled in marble and the comforters are down.(Worth the upgrade to a superior room). While the location is a short walk from 16th Street mall - I think it is much nicer to be located at the Teatro which is only a few steps from the theatre district and Lamier street! This hotel deserves between 4 and 5 stars. Overall, our favorite romantic escape.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2012,2/10/2012,320,975,3,9,6>Xmas Day, SUNDAY December 25th 2011, I called Azitra, and thankfully they were open for business that afternoon.  We were here for lunch.  Time : 12:45hrs.When we arrived at this establishment, we were seated promptly.  As usual I requested to be seated at one of the booth.  Man, this establishment is indeed very fancy, be it with its Decor, Cutlery and all the linens, tables and chairs.When we look thru the menu, though I cant deny its simple for a LUNCH menu we decide to order these :Hubs Order :*  Subz Samosa ($4.00)*  Lamb Biryani ($11.00)*  Coffee ($2.50)My Order :*  Saffron Lime Mussels ($9.00)*  Lamb Vindaloo ($11.00)Both of our order comes with Salad and The Soup of the Day.  Both Hubs and I shared the salad and the soup of the day was Chicken and Spinach soup.  The salad was just the norm kind of American salad that you can find, while the Chicken and Spinach Soup is something different.  I think they blend the chicken flavor and spinach altogether coz there arent any chunks of chicken nor any spinach leaves to be found in the soup.  We feel that the soup of the day is "interesting".The Subz Samosa was somehow over-fried.  The filling was tasty with the right balance of flavor.  But Hubs did not fancy the "green" or the "red" sauce that they put beside it either for "added" flavor or part of the garnish.As for my "appetizer" of Saffron Lime Mussels, it was slightly salty for my taste bud.  I so wish, that the dish, that comes with this comes with toast or naan for me to dip or "soak" the soup or gravy which are plenty.Next for our main entrees, Hubs order of Lamb Biryani was spicy and has flavor but Hubs did not fancy it as much as I do.  The lamb cuts are slightly tough to chew and for some especially for Hubs portion was tiny for his taste bud.  He also does not fancy with the raita that comes with it, coz it was way too watery.Now for my main entree, Lamb Vindaloo.  I like the Lamb Vindaloo that Azitra offer.  YES its SPICY, YES its flavorful.  This dish comes with Naan.  But I so wish, I could have more, I mean more portion for the price that I am paying.All in all, thru Hubs "stomach and eyes" he gives this establishment 3 stars.  While I give them 3.25 to 3.5 stars.  Azitra has potential to grow.  I cant deny I am eyeing for the DINNER MENU that Azitra has to offer.  But I shall stick to the LUNCH menu first and shall be back with a group and perhaps see how it may differ my review or decisions.  We shall see you soon Azitra.@4/2012
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,2/9/2012,25,44,1,7,7>I adopted my dog from DDFL. The process went very smoothly. We went on a weekday afternoon and didn't have to wait long at all. While we were waiting we looked around the shelter and saw several dogs we were interested in and one puppy that caught my eye. When we met with the counselor, we told him that we had 2 cats at home and the one and only reason we would return a dog would be if there was an issue with the cats. He explained which breeds to avoid due to higher prey drives and even though we were intent on rescuing an adult dog, he strongly urged us to choose a puppy so it could be raised to respect the cats. Well, he brought that 8-week old puppy in and it was all over from there!  Duff, as he eventually came to be known, was neutered and micro-chipped the next day and we picked him up that afternoon. As many animals adopted from shelters do, a few days later he came down with kennel cough (same thing happened with the 2 cats I adopted from another shelter). We brought him back to DDFL where we received all of his meds and a lot of great info from one of their staff vets. Our adoption also included a free vet visit from any one of various clinics, one of which was where our cats already go  - Wheat Ridge Animal Hospital (see my review), plus the aforementioned microchip, neutering and a bag of food for a little more than $100.I couldn't be happier with my experience in adopting a dog from DDFL!  Duff is the best dog ever!!!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,2/8/2012,131,258,2,5,4>You would NOT think that this place would have really great Indian food if you just looked at it from the outside.  It's in a small strip mall off to the side of the Home Depot on Arapahoe just east of I-25.  Fortunately we came here one day and WOW...what a surprise.  Thank Goodness because this place is much closer than our other favorite Indian place.  They have an amazing buffett for a really good price.  It's not HUGE but should have all the favorites (including Chicken Tikka Marsala, my favorite).  The nan was a bit over done this last time I went for lunch (a bit too crispy) but I still ate like 4 pieces, LOL!!The place is not huge but it has plenty of tables and booths.  It does not get too crowded at lunch time so you are sure to have a place to sit without waiting!!This is THE place to go for Indian food if you are anywhere near the Tech Center.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,2/7/2012,1,14,6,12,13>Where to begin?So many misconstrued reviews on here, and yet despite them Yelper's (again) have it exactly right in that Bones is a 4 star restaurant (see the aggregate rating).First, Bones serves Asian noodles - not SOUP - with a French influence.  While some may wonder where the French influence comes from it should come as no surprise to others as the French have had a dominant hand in modern Vietnamese cooking.  Bones may have a French/Vietnamese influence but few, if any, dishes are of Vietnamese origin.  Rather the French influence speaks more of the building of flavors (from well designed stocks), the quality Frank Bonanno demands of each of his restaurants, and how he imparts pride in the kitchen for each of his restaurants.  The chefs here work hard, and are most certainly held accountable not only by the open kitchen.I see a few reviews on here judging Bones as if it was soup kitchen - really?!  If you expect something other than what the restaurant and their dishes are coming in please adjust your expectations and review accordingly.  They don't serve soup, please note that noodles and accompanying meats/seafood are paramount to every dish.So what does Bones do? Bones routinely executes, and has an array of flavors well balanced, and well presented.  I doubt many meals leave the kitchen as they were not meant to be.  So while I understand the range of reviews and ratings based off palates and comprehension; realize the chef's execution is most certainly not flawed.With that said - why no Five Stars?  Pretty simple for me....I grew up eating an assortment of Asian food and can't stand paying $35 for a meal.  Granted you could walk for $20 if you only ordered a bowl and no drink but that's not how you approach Bones.Each individual bowl may warrant their price but as a meal I can't condone the price point, and as such will return irregularly despite enjoying every meal I've had here.  The thing is, on Federal I can get 2, maybe even 3, meals of comparable enjoyment and execution for the same price.While they may not feature the quality of product I also know I'm not paying to be sandwiched between Luca and Mizuna.  Enjoy, Bones is a great restaurant but ultimately not one I'll be visiting more than my go to's on Federal.*Sorry for the novel, this is by far my longest review to date....
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/6/2012,342,357,5,6,9>Ale house is slowly becoming one of my top picks to bring out of town guests.  Why you ask?  Let me count the ways:1.  Killer Colorado beer selection... 'Nuff said.2.  Awesome rooftop patio, with a great downtown view.3.  Big fire pits for those chilly CO evenings.4.  Colorado lamb burger w/ goat cheese, tzatziki, and cucumbers.5.  Ale-steamed smoked elk sausage appetizer plate.Do I need to go on?  Didn't think so.  Give it a try, and you PLUS your guests will thank me later.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,2/5/2012,174,249,9,9,8>BEST asian market I have discovered thus far in Denver. After seeing H Mart pop up in yelp for quite some time, I decided to go check it out. Instantly from the moment you walk in, you know you are in a legit asian market. To the right is the produce section, with a WIDE variety of fruits and vegetables (many of which, I have never heard of or actually seen firsthand). Raise your hand if you remember Koala Yummies? They were my ULTIMATE childhood after school snack , coming in this octagon shaped box. Inside contained these little graham crackers with koala bears printed on them and filled with chocolatey goodness. Well...... I FOUND THEM HERE!!!!! After not seeing them for so long and forgetting all about them, the minute I saw them in the asian snacks aisle, it was all over.H Mart also carries a MONDO selection of rice from sushi to short and long grain. Oh! They also have quite the variety of seaweed wraps for when you want to have your own personal sushi adventures! H Mart carries just about anything you could use in satisfying your asian cravings or to add a little asian flair in your everyday cooking. PLUS, they have Koala Yummies!!!!!!!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,2/4/2012,31,158,4,7,5>I was fuh-reak-ing out after a hair emergency and I was so thankful that Voodoo could fit me in the same day I called. Kristin was absolutely incredible! She took one look at my fried locks and knew exactly what to do. It was really refreshing to have someone take the time to do an actual consultation (asking about how I style my hair, what it looked like before the disaster, and what my expectations were) before she started. We looked at a few color swatches before deciding on a rich chocolatey brown with some highlights. The extra TLC Kristin took with my hair really showed! It looked even shinier and healthier than before. I could not have been happier with the results! I had also mentioned that I was going try to make another appointment to get my hair cut and Kristin said she could do it then since she was free for a while - how nice! My cut turned out great, too, and by the time I left I felt like a billion dollars. I knew going in that it was going to be more expensive with the 'color correction', but even so, my total was under $200. We talked about products but it was never in a pushy way. I think I've finally found my salon in Boulder (and I really mean it this time)! I can't wait to go back to Kristin and Voodoo and see what she can do when my hair's not a hot mess.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,2/3/2012,48,105,9,8,6>This has got to be my favorite place in Capitol Hill for a million reasons. SInce this text box is not equipped to hold them all, I shall outline my top five:5.) It's located 3/4 of a block from my apartment. (The truth is, I fell in love with Benny Blancos before I moved to Cap Hill, and actually partially chose the location of my apartment based on it's proximity to BB's.)4.) They are open, practically, all the time. Any time I want pizza, they are open...even if its 3am!3.) They are always SO nice! I'm in there all of the time, at all hours, ordering slices, whole pies, and pasta. I've got em on speed dial. They are super polite on the phone and in person.2.) To be such a tiny little shop, they offer an insane number of toppings! And they are willing to work with you on your toppings. One time, I asked for basil, and they didn't have it. And the guy offered me pesto (which wasn't even on the list for pizzas). Here it is, the number one reason why I LOVE BENNY BLANCOS. Drumroll please........1.) Their pizza has magical hangover reducing qualities if eaten while still intoxicated. Every time I've had Benny Blancos pizza after drinking, I wake up without a hangover. Usually a large slice of pizza at 1am would leave me feeling icky the next day. But not Benny Blancos. It seems to soak up whatever I drank and make me feel like a million bucks the next day. Seriously, this pizza should be studied.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,2/2/2012,103,577,5,9,9>I have not reviewed DBG? How is this possible?!Anyway...I love this place! My husband & I have been members since 2009 and renew every year because it is so enjoyable. I try to go as often as possible, especially in the summer. In June, July, August, and September, it is so fun to see the changes in the landscape with the different types of flowers and when they bloom. So far June has been my favorite month to visit.Plus, they have so many great spots for picnics (this seems to be a secret that picnics are allowed). Also, they have a great gift shop with fun nicknacks and they also host classes. Gardening classes and yes, even cooking & knitting classes! December is also a great time to go because of the Blossoms of Light. My hubby's work even hosted their Holiday party at DBG this year - a great space to do so (not to mention a great place to have a wedding)!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,2/1/2012,37,53,4,12,8>Scrumptious is just that! Homemade ice cream and lost treasures of the sugary and chocolatey kind. My son and I have been on a hunt for a specific candy bar as a gift for my husband. The original Marathon bar has long since been out of production, but thanks to Cadbury, there is an identical bar in a new wrapper! We found the long sought Curly Wurly. Though we could have ordered them online and paid a few cents less, it was worth the trip to this sweet place (pun intended).We bought more than we had planned but were able to find some other rare and unusual candy for a couple of additional delights for Christmas presents. Including a Cherry Chili Dark chocolate bar! My father will surely be happy and surprised. When shopping with a 9 year old and there is  home made ice cream on hand you cannot forgo! So we sidled up to the display and found so many choices in amazing unheard of flavors! The prices might seem high but you get what you pay for after all. We each chose the child's cup, believe me, it was quite a large serving even for a child. Eat that DQ! I had Peppermint stick and my son, Gummy Bear!! Yes thats right Gummy Bear ice cream, a 9 year olds dream come true.This place is in a perfect spot in Old Town Arvada on Grandview Ave. Support your local merchant and stop in, buy some unique candy and perhaps some ice creamy goodness!
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,1/31/2012,203,562,8,7,7>I don't know how else to describe this newly redone restaurant but sexy sounds good.  It is very dark inside and I thought it was a bit noisier that some restaurants.  Lots of business men probably because of the good looking waitresses working there.  I only know this because I saw wondering eyes. My husband said the burger was the best he had and my son loved his chicken sandwich.  I had a spinach salad with crusted chicken, cranberries, cheese and nuts.  it was very good but I should have had a sandwich I think.  I was more in the mood for bread thasn spinach.I was my birthday so Earls was gracious enough to buy me a yummy dessert.  Chocolate cake, ice cream in a candy basket.  It had a thin carmel sauce and chocolate sauce. Delicious.   There goes my salad only eating.  Oh well.  I hear when its ones birthday the calories are set at zero.  So I am good.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,1/30/2012,80,271,5,11,8>Very happy to have Ignite in the neighborhood. That rooftop will become quite handy once the weather turns nice.Went last night for dinner and found the place very cool. Love the industrial look, the beams, the bar, and the staff was very nice. I found the prices quite reasonable as we walked out after a couple of  beers, a shared salad, 2 main dishes and a side dish with a $40 something billWe shared a small roasted beet salad to start with, it had goat cheese, beets, summer squash and was very good...and for $5 it was quite reasonable for the amount of salad we each had. I then had the steak and fries medium rare. The steak was served at the right point, it was well seasoned and a pretty large portion for $15. The fries with the homemade ketchup were good too. My husband had the chicken pot pie, the presentation was great, and the dish ok. The menu looks very good with plenty salad options, pizzas, burgers and a few other mains. Will definitely be back soon .....plus...Groupon has a $10 for $20 deal for Ignite...so I'll be trying the pizzas soon
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,1/29/2012,137,262,8,10,9>Having heard good things, we were excited to drive by and see Phat Thai finally open. Thankfully, we were there early and did not need a reservation. We started with cocktails called the Mo Pho and the Eager Bever (not misspelled, it's the name of one of the bartenders). Both were delicious enough to order again--not too sweet and a good pour. For dinner we ordered:Green apaya salad - great combination of heat and sweet with the coconut rice. It was a good dish and the rice was outstanding, but it was probably our least favorite. I feel badly saying that because it really was very good, but if you have to choose... We did end up taking the leftovers home.Thai beef salad - You'd better like spice if you order this. We loved the tender beef and the crunch of the "salad." The vinegar sauce with the red peppers is a wonderful addition. I loved eating this and alternating coconut rice bites from the papaya salad.Larb - think Thai lettuce wraps with ground, seasoned meat. It comes with beautiful fresh lettuce and could be a meal for one. There was a teeny bit of meat left over from the two of us sharing.Phat si iew - I thought this was the best dish of the night. It had a wonderful sweetness to it and not too much heat. The wide noodles were warming. My husband turned into Gollum and declared this his precious, refusing to share more than a couple of measly bites. Tom yum soup - a spicy, salty, brothy staple. It has a lovely hint of lemongrass and the 2 shrimp were cooked perfectly. Our server, Ian, was fantastic and honest about his favorites. I always appreciate a server who gives accurate descriptions about a menu instead of pulling the. "Uh, yeah, it's all really, really good." While dining the manager came over and asked for feedback on the dishes. They are very strict about carding people for drinks here, so be sure to bring your ID even if you definitely look old enough to drink.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,1/28/2012,79,247,6,9,6>Long story short, they're GREAT! What to know why.....continue reading.Quick tip: separate your copper, copper with solder, brass out in different containers. It's WELL worth your time.Ever scrapped anything before? I had not. I've been to a couple of different yards before with other people, and I pretty much decided long ago that I'd rather take things to a dump than cruise through a scrap yard.As a homeowner, I started one of those never ending improvement projects, and I just ended up with way too much steel to not turn it in somewhere. After calling every yard I could find online, only one of them took steel for money, and they were jerks.My neighbor has lived in town for 40 years, and he recommended checking this place out as they were friendly and always easy to get along with. They were.Drive past the front of the well signed building, pull up on the scale, wait for the green light (meaning they've logged your license plate and your scale weight,) follow the road around back, chuck your stuff into a pile, drive around the front over the scale again, and again wait for that green light. Park, go inside, tell your plate number, show your ID, sign a paper saying that you didn't steel the metal, get MONEY!!!! Glorious, heavenly, money that you know you need just to break somewhat even from that project that's been bleeding your dry. Then roll directly across the street to their non-ferrous metals (copper & copper alloys) site, and do this again with your buckets. Basically a 5 gallon bucket of copper is somewhere in the neighborhood of $100. Excited yet? Check it out for yourself, know what scrapping is all about, and how easy it really is.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,1/27/2012,59,256,1,8,8>Chic Interiors, fresh food, clean environment, friendly service. That was the short of it! You still here? Ok here is the scoop and it is the long of it.The menu is quintessential street food and has various regional dishes. This kind of food is sold on carts, at breakfast places,or small food establishments all over India.  If I said people are crazy about chaat in India, it would be an understatement. Add to this the fact that they expect a lot from their "chaat" and the cuisine differs from region to region. I think the menu covers the most of the street fare and is a good mix of cuisines. We had the Idli sambar, mendhu vada, delhi chaat and ragda pattise.  The flavors were good, the ingredients fresh.  Nothing was overly oily, or too hot to eat. The food was perfectly spiced. Spicy here means with the addition of spice and not just heat from chilies. Which is a rare feat in the Colorado scenario of Indian restaurants. The medhu vada which is a lentil paste fried dumpling in the shape of a doughnut was really really good. Crisp on the outside, soft within and great flavor. The sambar served  with idli and medhu vada had a good consistency. It had a good mix of vegetables and lentils. The only thing i would have liked it to have would be an extra punch of tartness and some more flavor of curry leaves.The delhi chaat was nice, we had to ask for a chutney with more heat. They happily provided us with the extra zing and we enjoyed it. Overall a great place to treat yourself to some chaat before or after you shop for your spices, condiments, lentils and other ethnic grocery at the Krishna grocery which is just next door. Or you could just go with friends and  enjoy a chaat and chat!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,1/26/2012,227,426,6,6,5>Finally, a place that sells pizza-by-the-slice near DU. ZaZa's makes pizza FRESH..so when you walk up to the counter, the guy will add your requested ingredients to the pizza and bake it in front of you.One slice = enough for a meal! But I went ahead and had two slices since it was soooo good.The atmosphere: typical, college-hangout environment. Flat-screen TVs to watch TV shows or your favorite Broncos game.Such an easy walk from DU! Hope this place stays in business. BlackJack (a competitor) is a few doors down, but they don't sell by the slice (as far as I know)....so ZaZa's has one-up on them.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,1/25/2012,185,251,3,8,6>I'd been meaning to try BAP for the longest time, and then was able to go during the Downtown Denver Lunch Club.  And I liked it so much, I went there the next day with family.The empanadas are so delicious!  My favorite was the spinach and cheese, with the ham, tomato and blue cheese being next in line.  My family all loved their empanadas.  We had a gluten free gal with us and she really enjoyed the sandwich she got.  It was a chicken and pesto combination, minus the cheese.  Poor girl, no gluten and no dairy.  She was really happy with her lunch, though.  And the dipping sauce served with the bread to start is awesome; all herby and a little spicy.  Ask for gluten free bread  to dip, if you want.I know I'll be back here again!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,1/24/2012,212,239,9,12,12>OK, I was very skeptical. The last incarnations with the "Handlebar" in the name were pretty rotten (food was an after thought to a dusty, dark, dirty interior; hungover servers in pajama bottoms - you get my drift). But! WOWZA whoever the new owners are put some effort into the space, they opened it up, took down all the tacky bicycle kitch/crap, scrubbed the place down and cleaned up the staff! Woot!We haven't had a bad meal here yet; giant burgers, piled high quesadillas, FANTASTIC wings (try the Jalapeno Gold, not scorching but sweet with hint of jalapeno). The regular buffalo wings are crispy, and fried to perfection. Best part, the celery was fresh with no brown ends and the carrots were fresh and crisp.The other best part was there were guys around the bar having a friendly conversation about sports and it was clear they were new acquaintances (there are a ton of TVs all over). The bar keep was friendly and quick. No one was wearing dirty pajamas. I have a new local and you should too! GO Washington Park!!P.S. As if you didn't need more incentive, they are doing trivia and bingo nights and if you text "Handlebar" to a number listed on the tents on the tables, you get a free shot! FREE BABY FREE!! Hurry, I will meet you there!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/24/2011,1/23/2012,66,238,5,8,5>So far, so.....ok.The people are very friendly and welcoming and they're confident about their business. No excuses and I like that.Nice looking place inside too. Not a huge space but seems to have just the right amount of room. Cool laid back tunes piped in as well. I really like the art and the fact that they seem to be positioning themselves as a hub for "black folk" related stuff. For example, ample fliers and info for upcoming blues concerts, barbershops, etc.The food hasn't completely knocked me off my feet (yet).The neckbones needed a little salt; no biggie.The macaroni and cheese is great.The greens are good.Shrimp Po' boy was a good size and had a spicy kick; good stuff.Corn bread is not the sweet Jiffy kind so keep that in mind if it's not your thing.Last but not least is the sweet potato pie.Sweet potato pie is my favorite, so that alone is worth a star and sadly it wasn't good at all. I didn't even finish it. Tasted yammy and that's just not gonna work; EVER.I haven't had the ribs though, so a star can be gained if they're the real deal (smoked, not boiled). So we'll see, update to come.......
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,1/22/2012,188,277,6,12,15>One business at a time and Colfax is becoming more and more of a destination street instead of the avenue to be avoided. Prohibition adds everything that Roselyn Grill subtracted: A bar with a clean, gorgeous interior full of oak and dark leather; spins on classic cocktails done by professionals who should be described as mixologists rather than simply bartenders, and delicious comfort food like individual chicken pot pies and short ribs instead of the deep-fried concoctions of the previous menu.And best of all, the people who run Prohibition are committed to improving the area. I had a great discussion with the mixologist about the problems of the area and how each business helps improve it one block at a time. How instead of having the closed off Roselyn Grill with its dark windows and its acceptance of nefarious activities, we now have a bar with large open windows, plans for a patio and ownership that is actively involved with community policing.Prohibition is simply a great bar on one of the greatest streets in one of the greatest cities in America. It's just one more piece of Colfax that oozes coolness and authenticity without sacrificing a bit of the old gal's soul.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,1/21/2012,58,287,9,6,7>This year... I will be 40.... so my 2012 New Year's Resolution is to work my @$$ off and get myself in great "Cougar" Shape by my 40th Bday.So, 4 days into the New Years. I come here. Resolution = Broken Don't get me wrong, i KNEW it was a burger place.... and I normally won't even eat burgers ( More of a chicken girl).... but my friend was like PUUULLLEEEASSSEEEEE can we go?So, here I am, not too many people inside... so it seemed like a good time to go.  Walk up, place my order, get my ticket, and off I go... to wait.   And to wait ... and to wait..... I am hoping, that it will be worth the wait.... And it is.  I take my order to go ( maybe I'll work out while I'm eating) ... and hurry home to taste what people claim to be a great burger.   I sit down, and open the wrapper to the biggest bun I have ever seen.... I lift up my bun and see the extremely flat but equally as round burger patty.  My first thought is "Where's the beef?", and my second thought is "shut up and eat".   So I did....   and I am glad that I did.  I am glad I broke my 'healthy salads only' New Years resolution...   It was really really good.   And I didn't care that it was a flatter burger, because of how good it was  AND how full I was after!! Add to that some buffalo chips, and a bite of my friends Italian Sausage with Mozerella and Marinara sauce....   A complete , filling, AND tasty lunch.    I am sure I'll be back when I fall off the wagon....   Well, actually, I seem to be having a hard time getting on that wagon....   LOL.  Actually my New Years Resolution was to start my dieting and health kick Feb 1st  :)
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,1/20/2012,288,412,3,9,8>Park Burger is what burger dreams are made of. I've been to Park Burger several times, it is in my hood, after all. Let's look a little at what makes it so awesome.First on the plate is consistency. I can expect the same great service and the same great meal every single time -- a crucial characteristic for any restaurant. Second on the plate is the food. Seriously, what's not to love about a hot, juicy, perfectly cooked burger? If you find yourself not liking the description above, better  check your taste buds. The sliders are delicious and what I usually get; and all things burger need to come with crispy and delicious fries. They seriously do fries here. On the last visit they had truffle and parmesan cheese fries....OMG! I feel very confident saying these are some of the best fries in Denver (IMO). They are hot, crispy, and oh so delectable. They also have a wonderful burger sauce that comes on most of the burgers. It's a mayo type sauce with some spices in it. Not spicy by any means, but very tasty. My wife had the veggie burger and she said it was one of the best tasting veggie burgers she has had. Its flavor was awesome, but it could have been firmer.Third on the plate is the service. It's spot on. They always make sure you are taken care of without constantly standing over you the whole time. They're very friendly here. From the minute you walk in you are treated to a great experience. Whoa, that's a full plate of awesome!If you find yourself in the Highlands and you're hungry for a good burger, you can't go wrong with Park Burger.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,1/19/2012,639,447,22,21,21>Every time I read this sign, I think of Hans and Franz in the SNL skit from the 90s. "We're da Uber Sausage, and we're here to plump *clap* you up!"Seriously. Every time I see the sign, I giggle a little. But in all seriousness, this place is pretty dang delicious. At a time when there's an eerie influx of hot dog and sausage places in Denver, this place could have gone down the path of least resistance and created another good hot dog joint. Instead, they've created several really delicious twists on sausages, including their signature Swiss Sausage. Which I did not have. I had the Apple Chicken Sausage, which was the meat equivalent of having little angels play harps in my mouth. Start with a French baguette, then add a chicken sausage cooked perfectly. Then top it with apples, blue cheese, caramelized red onions, spicy mustard and fresh spinach greens. That, my friends, is what it looks like when you type out deliciousness.Plus, the three young guys that own it are super cool and genuinely want to make a sausage that you love. If nothing else, you should visit them because they have an awesome logo. I want a shirt with their logo.EDIT: I now HAVE a shirt with their logo and I love it.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,1/17/2012,40,334,6,4,4>US Thai. Thai food, in the United States of Edgewater. The name "US Thai" somehow suggests, to me, that this restaurant was christened by someone who speaks English as a second language, and that my friend, is a very good sign.I went for a cliché: pad thai with chicken (no shrimp). It was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS with that certain vinegary spice to it only a handful of thai restaurants manage to pull off just right.Unfortunately, the thai steamed dumplings just didn't hold up. They were supposed to be pork, shrimp, bamboo shoot, cilantro, and onion, which sounds like pure bliss, but mostly they just tasted like bland meat with fragments of pasta melting around them: I could barely see any remnants of the starchy wrapper. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Lao Wang's dumplings, but my dog isn't, so she enjoyed one of them.But I forgive you, US Thai, because your noodles make me so very happy. I'll be back. But next time I won't be foolish enough to order the dumplings.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,1/16/2012,285,768,5,10,9>Several of my friends have mentioned brunch at BV, and as self confessed brunch-a-holics, we had to check it out for ourselves. We made reservations and were sat at a little table outside. It was a beautiful day.  If it were for atmosphere alone, I'd give it 5 stars.  This is a great patio. It felt like a hidden nook in the madness of Downtown. I immediatly forgot I was on Larimer. We shared the crossiants, and they were scrumptious.  They were buttery and flakey just the way they should be.  They were served with a side of lavender jam which was fantastic.  Anything made with lavender, I have to try.  For my main entree,  I chose  the daily crepe.  It was filled with various meats that I can't exactly remember, and fresh veggies, then topped with a tomato vinaigrette type sauce.  The sauce  was flavorful but made the crepe soggy on the bottom.  It was very good, and just the right size after stuffing ourselves full of croissants.  Bur I honestly wasn't overly impressed with the dish.My husband had the croque-madame, which was unreal.  The bread was so thick, and made like french toast.  The texture of the toast was light and fluffy, not what we were expecting at all. It was delicious.I think we will go back, but for dinner.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,1/15/2012,194,576,3,11,10>What a fun place to pick pumpkins! And when I say pick, I mean pick. When you finally get into the farm they hand you a flyer and a knife explaining how they do things differently than other places. You drive though the farm and various patches, select and cut your pumpkin(s) off the vine, drive to the exit and pay for your pumpkins and any other goodies you may want. They also have a petting farm, mazes and other kids' activities and hay rides.I will definitely return next year. However I will go a little earlier in the month for better selection as well as first thing in the day to hopefully avoid the major lines of cars. Additionally I'll bring gardening gloves...I had no idea pumpkins were so prickly!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,1/14/2012,118,148,5,5,5>Man. I can't believe I haven't written a review for Fancy Tiger yet. I'm not an expert crafter by any means, but I'd feel confident saying that I am proficient, and no matter what kind of skillz (yes with a z) I have, I truly enjoy making stuffs. All kinds. Pies, socks, birthday cards. I digress.I stopped by here this afternoon to get a set of double pointed knitting needles. I was in and out in about 4.3 minutes, and somehow avoided perusing; the killer fabrics, beautiful yarns, and amazing selection of books and gadgets tend to suck me in. I did go a little tactile on the bamboo yarn while dreaming about hand made dishrags... Yep. That's how I roll. So, next time you need to check out some awesome oilcloth to make a rockin lunch bag, or maybe to grab a skein of Aran weight wool, stop by Fancy Tiger. The staff is awesome, and the selection is breathtaking.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,1/13/2012,13,95,5,13,6>best ethiopian food in denver. don't go super hungry, because you'll have to wait a while before you eat. some big ad agencies said about some beer and ketchup once, "good things come to those who wait," and it certainly applies to the food here. the service is slow. but let's talk about this service. it's an old man. the old woman does all of the cooking and the old man does all of the serving. he shuffles around the dining room and offers the drink selection in terms of "dark beer" and "light beer," yes those are your two choices. the beers themselves have changed over the years, but the selection style has not. i usually go dark. currently (oct 2011) that means an ethiopian stout.and now the food. it's soooo good. the yellow lentils are possibly the best lentils i have ever eaten in my life (and that's a lot of lentils). the potatoes and cabbage are hit or miss for texture, but are always delicious. the vegetarian combo is a sure fire win every time. ooh pardon me as i get a little drooly over here just thinking about it...in other words, this is a two-person team of ethiopian culinary magic. be patient and you will be rewarded.  oh final note: the last i checked, it's cash-only.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,1/12/2012,500,166,10,15,10>On 6th Avenue, a little west of Havana (in the spot formerly claimed by Pho Havana) lies the tasty Taiwanese treat, Tao Tao Noodle Bar! The owners were formerly involved with the fabled Chopsticks China Bistro and you will see many familiar dishes on their sizable menu.If you get there early enough you can pick and choose from their Breakfast selections - perhaps the typically Taiwanese You Tiao (unsweetened cruller) accompanied by a bowl of soy milk sounds enticing? Or maybe a Guo Bao (steamed bun stuffed with juicy pork)? This latter dish is occasionally referred to as "Chinese hamburger" but I assure you, there's nothing Big Mac- or Whopper-like about these beauties.If you arrive later in the day, don't worry! There's still plenty for you to savor and enjoy. Flaming pig intestine! No, I'm not cursing - that's one of their out-of-the-ordinary offal creations. Or how about Sanbeiji? This zingy item is sometimes called "three cup chicken", because the toothsome bird is simmered in a marinade consisting of equal parts soy sauce, rice wine and sesame oil. Then again, there's always beef and Xi Yang Cai (Chinese watercress) in a spicy Sa Cha sauce (made from garlic and dried fish) or even one of their many vegetable offerings, from tofu to squash to eggplant!Tao Tao - it's truly terrific. (Yes, I love alliteration - why do you ask?)
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,1/11/2012,100,203,1,6,9>Housed in a rather unassuming building and a bit off the map, this brewery offers up more of a mellow tap room experience than say Great Divide, Wynkoop, or Breck.  The tap room is absent of extensive decor, loud music, and clutter which makes for a much more personable experience allowing for you to inquire with the staff on personal favorites and information.  Staff members were happy to reduce my uncertainty and indecisiveness by allowing me samples of brews on their chalk board.  They saved me the expense and displeasure of drinking their "poblano" beer by offering me a sample before I quickly opted for the Blonde and later their Red.  The biggest plus was their size options allowing for those looking to try multiple selections 4 or 10 oz pours.  Those with established favorites could settle on your typical pint while the real taste testers and adventurers could opt for the flight (I believe of 8 different selections) for only $8.  Great way to try their new offerings and at 4 oz per pour, it's an awesome deal.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,1/10/2012,49,29,4,14,6>When I lived in NYC I made frequent pilgrimages to the upper west side to a little Cuban, Cuban- Chinese actually, dive for real island cuisine. The best thing about lining in South Florida, a few years later, was the Cuban community there. The food, the music and people - simply the best! Well until now, Colorado has had a few hits and misses at attempting to recreate the Cubano experience here... Frijoles Colorado is definitely a hit. A little tough to find, on the backside of a Starbucks next to King Soopers in Lakewood.Fresh Cuban pastries and Cuban coffee in the morning, Cuban sandwiches, fried bananas, black beans and rice, beef picadillo, seafood garlic soup and more the rest of the day. This small restaurant is a hole-in-the-wall that deserves to be found. So go find it and let me know what you think, fellow yelpies.- sm
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,1/9/2012,119,122,8,10,14>I'm almost reticent to admit it, but Black and Read has recently overtaken a certain East Colfax recreation destination as my favorite record store in town. Why? For the simple fact that it's NOT just a record store. Its more like a wayback machine with the dials set to a random, cooler time and place.Whatever your poison, Black and Read carries everything you're looking for (and a few things you didn't know you couldn't live without). Where else in town can a heavy metal fella buy a Husker Du bio, first-pressing Bathory LP, Camp Blood t-shirt AND back issues of Kobold Quarterly? Twist and Shout has cool credit to spare, but I feel an all-too-rare sense of belonging whenever I walk into Black and Read these days. Love the staff, love the in-store stereo, love the selection...I've even learned to embrace the ambiguity of walking over stacks of Louis L'Amour paperbacks and mountains of Forrest Gump video cassettes. Like our man Forrest, you never know what you're gonna get when you set foot in Black and Read, but you can be damn sure you'll walk out a richer man for it.Did I mention they sell the cheapest booster boxes in town? What else could you seriously ask of them, free D20s with every purchase?! Keep dreaming, true believer...Long story short, if you have a proclivity for anything nerdy (and face it, we're all nerds about SOMETHING), be it bound, recorded, or played by on a card table, Black and Read have got you covered. Now get out of mom's basement and get your ass up here!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,1/7/2012,263,617,2,13,7>I'm a fan, for sure, but I'm not a wild and crazy fan, as I am for Biker Jim's food cart(s). Why, you ask. 'Cause the restaurant fare, while a providing larger selection than at the carts, has a couple of problems. I hope they're just start-up problems that get ironed out 'cause all of us want Biker Jim and his place to succeed. Problemo uno: buns aren't grilled unless you specifically ask for them to be grilled and they're not too busy to grill them;Problemo duo: prices are a tad too high. (Hey, I understand he's gotta pay the help and the rent, but a hotdog, fountain soda and side order of tomatoes shouldn'tta cost $13.25) ($.50 was a mistaken overcharge);Problemo three-oh: fries are hi quality and tasty, but were limp/soggy.I wasn't going to write up a review till I'd been three times, but while the second time there was better than the first, hearing from the staff their restaurant policy about not grilling/toasting their buns if they were too busy, even if you asked for it, tells me something's not al fresco in Denmark.A lot of places would be happy with a 4 star rating, but Biker Jim should be hittin' it outta the park with this place. However, he's still got the best dogs in the known universe. So head on over when ya gotta have one and the carts aren't open (just remember to check your receipt; demand that they grill your bun or tell them you'll report them to the Bikermeister; and tell em to crisp up your fries (if that's the way you like em)).
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,1/6/2012,245,483,9,12,10>I'll be honest with you.  I have no idea what is in one half of this store.  When you walk in, you'll be greeted with a bunch of random frou-frou things that will keep you occupied for a good five or six hours, if you are my wife.  However, if you are set up with an x and a y chromosome, you won't take any interest.  But that is okay.  The other half of the store is fun.  Especially if you have a kid, are going to have a kid, or need to get something for a friend having a kid.  This is my go-to place anytime I need something for Zephyr or if I need a gift for a friend's kid.  The clothing selection here is A+.  What they may lack in quantity, they make up in quality.  The brands that they carry are all top of the line and are often labeled as being some kind of sustainable garb, you know: organic, hemp, bamboo, soy, vegan, etc., etc.  The prices are what they are, though there are sometimes a few good deals.  But what I really like about this store is the vast selection of adorable stuffed animals and wood toys.  Their toys are so whimsical and fun, I could spend hours just looking through their selection.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,1/4/2012,76,392,7,8,7>Yum! Pastrami and melted cheese? Are you kidding me? As soon as I saw the hot pastrami on the menu, I knew I would love this place.The decor has that old house kind of vibe, which is very conducive to digesting 1000 calories packed in cheese grease and butter. The prices were great and the service was excellent mainly because there isn't much service to be had. As a general rule, if you make delicious food, just leave the customers alone to drown in their own extasy. Kudos to the Crushery staff for letting me do just that.For the summer, it looks like they have the ability to open the front for a nice fresh air experience. I'm excited to go back!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,1/3/2012,73,96,1,8,8>I have been wishing for a walkable brewery ever since I moved to the neighborhood a few years ago (yes, northstar was still around then but does that place really count?) DBC has proved to be just that, and you will definitely see me becoming a fixture in the soon future!Echoing the other reviewers' statements, there was quite the hype surrounding this place for awhile before they finally opened..but now that they have, I think they live up to the hype! They have crafted a really great space out of the old garage that used to be there...I always love it when there is little division between inside and outside (so I can sit in the shade and pretend I'm in the sun) The bar, decor, chairs everything is really great...you can tell they spent their time well and applied a designers' eye to the overall experience. Now onto the beers. The wifey and I sampled all 5 of their current offerings (kaffir lime wheat was already drunk dry by sunday) including 2 porters, two pale ales (one being a rye) and an IPA. All 5 were solid offerings for a place that is newly getting off the ground, and although none of them jumped out to me as OMG THIS IS TEH BEST BEER EVAR, I would definitely drink them all again (and will) and I'm excited to see what they have in store in the coming months! They have a great brewing setup, with multiple 7 barrel fermenters and some impressive looking copper mash tuns... lots of potential for awesomeness!All in all, DBC is a great and welcome addition to the neighborhood, and I will be frequenting it often!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,1/2/2012,94,314,5,13,12>Like their slogan says "all-natural, no freaky chemicals", I found Naked Pizza to be just as advertised.  I stopped by for a take out pie and can happily report Naked Pizza lives up to the billing.  Start by picking a size, 10", 12" or 14".  A sauce type is next, red, white or bbq, then add whatever you like from the large list of toppings, or pick a specialty pie.  The superbiotic, the greenhouse, the omnivore, the ragin' cajun are a few of the house specialties.  I opted for a simple pepperoni and black olive combo on a thin crust with the red sauce.  When they say thin, they mean thin and the taste is what you would expect from "all-natural" ingredients - very clean and fulfilling with no after-effects.  The counter help was unclear on how to ring my order in, then also required management assistance to print me a receipt.  No biggie for me, but I'm cool like that.  Others?  Maybe not so much.  They are new, so I can let it go, but this needs to be worked out.  Conclusion:  Good pie, good idea, good location!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,1/1/2012,33,45,3,9,4>I wanted to be the first to review this restaurant but it looks like my friend Cheri beat me to it! =]Took my Wife and Son here this evening for dinner. We love PHO and saw that this little place opened up right around the corner from us. Literally within walking distance. We usually have to travel all the way up to Havana (79) for PHO so we are extremely excited that 97 moved in.Let me start off with the Vietnamese egg rolls. Delicious! Definitely some of the best egg rolls I've ever had. Deep fried goodness! I also ordered the PHO Thai (Rare Eye of Round steak) with extra noodles. The broth was great and the steak was good too. Nothing bad to say about this soup.The restaurant itself is very tastefully decorated with a couple big screen TVs. The staff were all very friendly and you can't beat the price. $30 for the three of us. I have a feeling that we will become regulars at PHO 97. =]-MK
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,12/31/2011,186,551,4,8,7>Um...wow!  I was really, really, REALLY impressed with Tables.  My wife put together a special, surprise birthday dinner for me here, and I'm certainly glad she did.  First of all, the atmosphere feels like you're eating in a house, what with all the antique-ish tables and chairs.  Decoration is a bit homey as well.  Service here was fantastic, as we had a large group, but our server didn't miss a beat.  They've got a nice wine selection and reasonably priced for this type of restaurant.Now, onto the food.  We started with the crispy sweetbreads which really are out of this world.  I'm a self-confessed sweetbread freak, and this is probably my second favorite preparation I've ever had of them.  We also got some gnocchi to share, and this is excellent gnocchi as well - nice and pillowy soft with a great cream sauce.  Onto the main...I love duck.  I love duck confit.  So, when I saw crispy duck breast with duck confit bread pudding...had to have it.  And I did!  And it was flipping delicious!  The duck was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy edge.  The cherry demi-glace was fantastic with the duck.  We pretty much all shared, and I think most people were jealous that they didn't order the duck.  Oh, and the duck confit bread pudding...holy crap!  Best bread pudding ever.  I skipped out on dessert and opted instead for an Irish Coffee to keep me awake...The chef, owners and staff all were amazing, and made for a wonderful 40th birthday.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,12/30/2011,33,116,10,12,9>I'm well-known among my friends for my old-lady-isms: big hats, old furniture, a pink bathroom, a Cary Grant crush, my use of the phrase "going steady," etc., and I wear my grandma panties with pride (well, not literally). But the one characteristic I wish more of my age group shared is a love for thick, hot, sexy, authentic blues. In a perfect world, Ziggies--especially being in home-to-the-uber-hip Highlands--would be filled to the brim with boys in Buddy Holly glasses and Black Keys T-shirts, but for some reason they're in Boulder experimenting with electronic Matel toys while their girlfriends are wearing hot pants at the Red Rocks Panic shows. Or a whomp-whomp worse, but you get my point. So, there's my rant and my only problem with Ziggies: It's not full enough, at least not on the nights I've popped in there. However, there has been a crowd of devoted, dancing 40-to-50-somethings appreciating DAMN GOOD BLUES MUSIC when I stop in for a drink. Sure, I guess I'm being hypocritical because it's not like I live there or anything, but I just keep wishing the whole time that more folks recognized that this is the real deal.The bartender is as cool as the play lists she puts on during set breaks. They serve Hurricanes and Abita. And they host sweet, tangy blues every night of the week. They did, however, charge a $5 cover last time I was there on a Friday. Not sure if that holds true every night of the week.In case you didn't get it: GET IN HERE NOW AND LISTEN TO SOME REAL MUSIC. This is as good as it gets.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,12/29/2011,117,207,5,10,7>There are times I have such a great experience dining out that I actually question the authenticity of my feelings - was it the booze talking? was it filled with a crowd chock full of good energy? was my dining companion in a good mood? was I in a good mood? This "thing" does not happen to me often - in fact, the last time was 2 years ago at Potager. You can imagine my delight and surprise that it happened here just last week!Sure, it was my 1 year wedding anniversary dinner, the weather for outdoor seating was spectacular and we may have had our own version of a whiskey tasting going on, but everything was wonderful here. Corn Flan, Callicrate Steak & the pork tenderloin were all insanely tasty, perfectly cooked and consisted of a good mix of textures. I loved that my wine was served in flasks and beakers. I was tickled pink that we were given a taste of home made lemoncello. You see where I'm going here people - perfection!My hubs wanted to give this place a 4, primarily because of the location, but I actually feel like the odd location just minutes from downtown makes it feel like a secret that you and only the other diners share. I can not wait to go back and hope that the return visit lives up to this one.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,12/28/2011,45,86,6,9,7>Five stars means tops in Strip Mall Chinese... there is no valet or posh decorations or giant ornate dragon montages on the front of the building.  The place is very understated.  Not to say the food isn't proper good because it IS.  And I can't say the service isn't brilliant because it really is!Most of that service comes directly from the owner Hong who is a classic American Tale of an immigrant  girl chasing her dream against all the odds.  She really wants her business to be the best it can be and it shows.As for what I recommend: The Honey Walnut Chicken is delicious and not like anything else I've ever found at other Chinese restaurants.  I'm not terribly fond of the dumplings but three of my friends have threatened to slit my throat for spreading such "blasphemy" as they think they are the best dumplings in town.  The Ma Po Tofu is delicious even if in classic immigrant "Engrish" folly have placed the dish in the vegetarian section of the menu.  This kind of slip only makes me adore them more.Summed up, for a tasty meal with quality cooking and ingredients with reasonable prices you CANNOT go wrong with Healthy Asian Garden.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,12/27/2011,40,46,7,9,5>Growing up in a lower middle-class household of six, Hamburger Helper was a staple and parmesan sprinkles from the green shaker can the height of seasoning. The most exotic spice in the squatty cabinet over the stove was the non-brand version of Lawry's Seasoned Salt. Mom's hamburger gravy (browned ground beef stirred with rendered fat, flour and water to create a gray paste and served over mashed potatoes) didn't even take a shake of pepper. Dad's "beans" (a ham hock boiled on the stove for a full day, dry beans soaked overnight and chewy dumplings) faired better, the pork creating a salty stew.* *As many times as I bemoaned eating those beans and as much as I grew to hate them, I'd birth a baby to the man or woman who could recreate his dumplings. Dense but full of tiny air pockets, salty and tasting like eggs and lard. I miss those beans.It wasn't until I began to cook as an adult that I discovered the lemony kick of thyme, the woody poke of rosemary, warmth of sage, nose tickle of ground harissa and wet, unrefined sea salt that actually smells like the ocean.And I get them at Savory Spice Shop, founded locally in 2004. The Denver shop remains my favorite; a knowledgeable, edgy and friendly staff, wood floors that creak and stairway into what looks like a dirt basement from the top step-I'm too scared to descend. They've since grown to Boulder, Fort Collins and beyond with nationwide franchises.Check the ever-changing staff picks over the register for the newest offerings, like Dried Kaffir Lime Leaves to charge up a Chicken Korma. Or try a sprinkle of Black Lava Hawaii Kai's Palm Island Sea Salt over toasted sourdough with a smear of unsalted butter. Top corn popped in coconut oil with Blue Cheese Powder, a Smoky Cheddar or dressed with Shichimi Togarashi, a Japanese seven spice, fresh minced garlic and sesame oil. Warm a thermos of red wine with Mulling Spices to take off the outdoor chill.Savory also sells sugars flavored with vanilla, lavender, maple and more along with traditional whites and browns, and extracts and oils for cooking, tinctures or health. Plus look around for complimentary recipes cards or ask a clerk; they'll happily rummage through a huge library-card-catalog collection by spice blend, course or cuisine. A must try is the Sage & Savory Sweet Potato Bisque (even better topped with crispy prosciutto and alongside a feta croquette).You can buy by the glass bottle or refill by the bag. Get bottles to start; the salt-free Herbes de Provence that finds it way on nearly everything I prepare--pork, salmon, roasted chicken, pasta, sweet potato fries--retains a better blast of aroma in glass.Wonder how those beans would have held up to a pinch of Sarawak Fine White Pepper (ground weekly). Or a whisper of Hungarian Sweet & Spicy Paprika (cayenne added for a little heat).Never know. But then some things in life are already perfectly seasoned.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,12/26/2011,137,174,3,10,9>Yummmm.  Still thinking about my fabulous dinner at Bastien's.  My soon-to-be father-in-law came to visit for the weekend and we decided to try the "Sugar Steak" place we always drive by on Colfax. I am so glad we did. I enjoyed everything about this meal. The drinks, salad, appetizer, side dish, and entree were executed perfectly.  The drinks were über strong. I was way tipsy before the salads arrived. We started with the Devils Riding Bareback. Man, these guys were delightful. They carried a nice amount of heat from the fresh jalapeños which accompanied the cheese and shrimp perfectly. It was excellent. I will definitely be getting these again when I return. The salads were great. My fiancé ordered the grilled Caesar salad and it was unique and delicious. My salad was fresh and had a delicious bleu cheese dressing that tasted homemade.  Unfortunately, I made the mistake of not ordering the sugar steak and instead got a rib-eye. While it was delicious, the sugar steak was definitely the show-stopper here. Both my fiancé and his father ordered it and shared it with me. It was fabulous. Their method of cooking the sugar steak truly created a juicy, flavorful, exquisite steak. It was amazing how the sugar coating really locked in the juices.  I would never order a rib eye from this place again.  Their specialty is definitely the sugar steak.  I can't forget the twice baked potatoes.  They are phenomenal.  I would rank them up there next to my own 'not-so-famous (but should be)' twice baked potatoes.  I have extremely high standards when it comes to twice baked potatoes (they are my favorite food), so trust me when I say that these were excellent.Overall, I loved my meal at Bastien's. They are a very unique steak restaurant with so many menu options. Their menu was so innovative and different. I am looking forward to returning and trying some of their other flavorful steak combinations (jalapeno and bacon).  Until next time...
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/15/2011,12/25/2011,306,629,4,6,5>When I wrote the five star review, I meant it.  A lot of the time the very much deserves them; in addition to what I described earlier, the Mongolian beef, steamed dumplings, egg rolls, and kung pao chicken are all great.  They can also stir fry entrees that are typically deep fried, like sesame chicken, which is great.Unfortunately, they're very inconsistent, and on bad days they're decidedly "meh."  The kung pao shrimp had less than ten smallish shrimp in the entire dish.  My egg drop soup was strange looking after two days in the fridge once.  And on our last order, my fiance's stir fried sesame chicken with fried rice was promised in forty minutes delivery time-- it arrived over an hour and a half later deep fried, with all of the sauce spilled out of the box, cold, with white rice.I'm not sure if I'll continue to order from here or not.  As the saying goes, when they're good they're very very good, but when they're bad they're horrid.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,12/24/2011,175,855,5,4,4>I think I really had more of a 3.5 star experience here, but I loved my burger so much I am rounding up!  Plus it is close (ish)  to my house so I will be back to sample the fare again soon.  The hubby and I hit this place up for lunch since he has a new job near by.  The place is huge.  You walk in and don't realize at first how far back the dining room goes.  Oh and the bar is gigantic.  We were seated at a booth near a window (and an insanely loud group next to us).  The waitress was great and really on top of our order and checking on us (not so much in reigning in the disruptive group next to us).  We both ordered burgers and fries.  The guac burger I had was so yummy.  The patty was huge, juicy and had a great grill led flavor.  The guac was really spicy - which I loved!  It was a huge burger. I couldn't finish it.  The fries were OK, nothing special.  Still what I liked best is I didn't know what I wanted and I could have gotten Mexican, Greek or even breakfast.  It is a great little diner.  And if we have a rowdy group next time we will ask to move :)
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,12/23/2011,315,429,9,8,9>My experience with sushi is ridiculously limited.  There just aren't many sushi restaurants in Northern Wisconsin.  And we also like to deep fry our fish up der in da Nort'woods.  So I'm still slowly expanding my palate to accept the wonders of fresh, raw fish.Thankfully, Go FIsh did everything spectacularly well for our Yelp Book Club last night.  Our server Lee, who happened to be the manager, took such good care of our table.  No pressure, which gave us plenty of time to peruse the tempting menu.Lisa H and I splurged a bit and ordered a few sashimi (tuna, salmon, and crab), California rolls, and one of the house specialties, the Spiderman Roll (crab, tuna,  mango, avocado, cucumber).  For someone who isn't well versed in the sushi world, I was blown away.  Everything was fresh and simply delicious.  Add some soy sauce and wasabi to spice things up a bit and enjoy!Everyone at the table were clearly pleased with their choices, since nearly every plate was picked clean.  Lee returned with complimentary shots of sake + mango for us.  What a treat!  And if that wasn't enough, he returned shortly there after with a decadent cheesecake dessert.  Could we have been spoiled any more?Go FIsh was a wonderful surprise for me.  Excellent, warm, inviting space accompanied by great service.  And amazing food, of course!   Although it's a little out of my price range, Go Fish is worth indulging in here and there.So my thanks and kudos goes out to Go Fish, Lee and the sushi chefs.  You made my sushi experience fantastic and enjoyable!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,12/22/2011,809,1185,7,8,9>A friend at work recommended this place for Happy Hour Friday night and for the whole roasted pig - you say WHA? This was a little bit of a drive, but I think it was worth it. It may have been a hot F***ing day but we sat outside on the huge patio. They had the misters going so it wasn't so bad. Happy hour drinks were well poured - but only lasted one round - after that FULL PRICE! Come on Charlie Brown's get your act together, totally not fair. If you are enjoying the happy hour you will get a set of plates and a platter of pork (from the whole pig), you can eat until its gone. And if that isn't good enough, once the pig is gone they will bring out free chicken wings. Yep - pig and wings are on the house with Happy Hour. Very nice indeed. I see other people are commenting about the piano man - and I have not experienced that yet but would love to. I will be back to give them another try - maybe a one drink try - LOL.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2011,12/21/2011,174,419,11,13,11>Apparently I'm a little behind on the Qi fan bandwagon, but here goes...Somehow I got sucked into this by fellow Yelpers (you know who you are!), first by hitting up a free Yelp event at Lowry, then another free non-Yelp event at Lowry, then word of a Groupon (brought to my attention... on Yelp).  I was teetering between buying the Groupon or not, but 'tis the season where workouts fall by the wayside, the holidays tempt with treats, and "the fat pants" become just pants.  Egads.So hey, get a good deal on classes and hopefully keep up the motivation to counteract the demotivation rampant with 4:30pm darkness and warm, cozy beds when it's chilly outside.  And if I sign up for classes with other Yelpers, there's this whole accountability thing -- love it or hate it, it's what's got my bum on that spin bike a handful of times now.Downtown's Qi is actually much smaller than I thought (because hey: I'm used to the big box gyms), yet it never seems too crowded.  They have this sort of industrial-chic aesthetic going on: concrete floors with little ladies in tight yoga pants running around.  And the oh-so-welcome garage door in the spin room that brings a much desired breeze of fresh air when I'm turned up to Level 8.While I wish they had better ventilation in their yoga room (because it's kind of yucky going in for the yoga portion of Cycle Yoga right after the previous class just finished and it's like I can feel my lungs being coated by other people's humid sweat... ugh), the wood floor and lighting make for a compensatory ambiance.  They also often have this adorable little Pom prancing around during the evening hours; I don't know the name of the dog, but it's like the little Qi mascot in my eyes.  I think they should put the Pom on the sales team; they'd sell so many memberships I bet.I'm finishing this review after a 7am session of Yoga Sculpt.  You haven't tried anything until you've tried Yoga Sculpt, ya'all.  The instructor said, "this [move] is like you're a ballerina" ...if that's what ballerinas have to do, now I know that ballerinas could probably kick my A.  Still, I've really enjoyed every class I've tried so far at Qi, and the challenges each ones poses; I look forward to trying more.  They offer enough at enough times that it seems nearly everyone could find something taught by someone that they would thoroughly like.  If you're on the fence, sign up for a free week.  Blast through as many classes as possible during that week, and see what strikes your fancy (or rather, see what kicks your butt).
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,12/20/2011,97,41,9,6,6>The only problem I've ever had with Marczyk is proximity.  Why you gotta be so close 'czyk?I suffer daily hunger pangs for their Jedi sandwich.  Prosciutto, mozzarella, and pesto to kill for.  I've heard they make other sandwiches, but I fear acquiring new addictions and dismiss this as rumor.The wine shop in the back is always staffed by someone very knowledgeable.  Which suits me because my wine chops are severely lacking.  I love their selection of tough-to-find foods, but the price tags make Whole Foods look like Family Dollar.  The saddest thing: one day when I can afford to properly shop at Marczyk, I'll probably not live next to Marczyk.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,12/19/2011,10,67,1,10,6>I may have to move to Wheat Ridge!  Oh no, then I would gain a billion pounds!  This place is hands down amazing, I cannot stop raving about how wonderful everything was!  We recently took a food tour of the North End of Boston (America`s oldest and arguably most intact Little Italy) and of course that was amazing.  The tour turned us on to an authentic and in their opinion the best bakery in the North End.Upon returning from our trip - I started feeling the need to track down some Italian eats in Denver.  Thank to yelp I found this place and once I made time to drive over from Aurora I was there.  FYI, they are now open on Sunday and till 5pm both weekend days, but since it is a far drive for me I would just call ahead to check.Run Down (This was showing restraint, I got an assortment of a few things to try over the weekend):It looks and smells just like the bakery we visited on our food tour, which was immediately encouraging.SFOGLIATELLE! So good!  We ate these here and although they werent fresh from the oven (this was at like 3:30pm), they were awesome - exactly like what we had in Boston, with the most amazing textures.Mezza Luna cookies - great texture, wonderful subtle flavors, yummy chocolateCream Puffs - Heaven! The perfect amount of sweet and soft! Great texture.Ciabatta Bread - OMG fantastic!  Eat your heart out Udis and Panera, this is about 50 times better than that!Fruit Amaretti Cookies - STOLE the show - amazing texture, DELISH.I would highly recommend all of these things and will be back soon to try some more of the many options that they have - everything looked amazing!  BTW, they have some really yummy looking Easter cakes - be sure to check those out if you can!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,12/18/2011,51,163,7,9,7>I'm surprised this is my first review of HTB. I have been going here for months and have enjoyed dozens of meals here. I'm a local. I'm going with 5 stars because I just love this place. Yes, this is bar food. Great bar food! The wings are smoky and delicious. The mushroom burger is addictive. The grilled artichoke is always perfect. Like everything else on the menu, the salads are fresh. You should really try the fried cheese. It's the best fried cheese you can get outside of Wisconsin and has a fantastic dipping sauce. Chef Eli also makes some killer soup du jour.  This is not frozen, mass produced and distributed food. This is good fresh food made to order. The bread is made in Boulder and delivered daily. The pickles are fresh (although too sweet for my taste) ... mmmm the fries. Have I mentioned BEER? 20+ taps and a few dozen more bottles. CO Craft beers all over this place and ever an awesome house ale for $3 Happy Hour: $3 Skyy Vodka and diet is perfect... they have beers and other drink specials too. SERVICE: HTB has some of the best service in Denver. These people actually like working here and it shows. I LOVE that I can bring in a large group and know my friends will all be given excellent service. No hard time for splitting out separate checks. Anywhoo... this place already has lots of great reviews. I just wanted to add my $0.02
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,12/17/2011,185,459,5,7,5>Am I glad I found this place! And to make things better, I learned about it through Yelp! I mentioned it to my mom, who is my partner in crime when it comes to Mexican fare, so Monday when we found ourselves about to go to dinner, we opted for Machete. It's in a great garden level location in Cherry Creek, tucked away from the major crowds and noise. The patio is a good size, with a bar as well as tables. The inside is definitely a bar, not a restaurant, just small little tables and chairs or bar tops, and then some big couches and comfy chairs to watch the big screen TVs. Our server was great, very helpful and friendly, and quick to recommend when we asked. I started with a Skinny margarita, mom had a Cadillac. These are not your parents margaritas! (Mine, but not yours.) Three words: LOADED WITH BOOZE! Strong as hell, which is just how I like to roll! The guacamole was fresh and flavorful, and the quartet of salsas were excellent. We couldn't decide which was our favorite. Until, that is, I saw the menu boasted another kind, the fiery habenero tequila salsa. See, you put those words together like that, and I simply begin to sing. And drool. Simultaneously. Now then, back to the menu. We sampled a bunch of tacos. Two pork (the sibil and the pastor), the pollo con mole, and the campachano (steak and chorizo). The latter was my favorite, but man do they do mole right! Were it not Monday night, I would have tried a few different types of margs, but I guess I'll just have to come back. Which I will. I have nothing negative to say about my first experience here. Hats off!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,12/16/2011,72,53,16,20,14>Money.  It's a bitch.When we're trying to be RESPONSIBLE adults (I'm talking to you, too), we're forced to limit spending on things like booze and eating out.  For the last three months, I've been chained to responsibility like we robbed a bank together and got caught.  Tossed in the clink.  Thrown in the joint.  Pinched.  Nabbed.  Collared.But I just got out on weekend parole.Last night, I joined a few friends for dinner and drinks at Williams & Graham, a 1920s styled speakeasy, hidden behind a bookstore "front."  It would've been cooler had there been a door with a peephole and a hostess who responded to some sort of keyword, but I left my Tommy in the trunk, so we're both to blame, the restaurant and I.We were sat quickly (having a reservation at 8), led behind the velvet curtain to our table in the modestly sized room.The seats are upholstered in tacked leather, the lighting is intimate and the waitress was quick to introduce herself.  It took us a few minutes to settle in and catch up with each other.The drink menu is considerable, offering drinks for many types of boozy tastebuds.  Being a vodka fellow, I ordered a vodka gimlet, up.  Our drinks arrived quickly and were delicious.  To be honest, it was one of the best gimlets I've ever had.  The lime was fresh and flavorful and the ratio of juice to alcohol was perfect.  This was to be the first of four such drinks.We ordered a few small plates for the four of us: the beet salad, the paté, and the olive plate.The olives were lightly flavored with some anise flavored something, and they were fine.  However, the beet salad and the paté were ridiculously good.  Full of flavor and fresh, the pate with a thick layer of richly-flavored pig fat on top, served with toasted bread.For dinner, we all split the ribs, the pheasant and the um...some meaty goodness served with pureed potatoes and mushrooms, richly mixed with what might've been truffle oil.I can't bloody remember what the meaty goodness was.  Damn you, gimlets!All three were richly flavored, well cooked, and served in a reasonable time.For dessert, we had the bacon beignets and an ice cream sandwich, half dipped in dark, rich chocolate.  I think it was an ice cream sandwich, things might've been a little loose at that point.  The beignets were more savory than I would've liked, a drizzle of fruit or something sweet would've really brought them home.  The cookies, which ideally could've been softer, were delicious.We were in the bar for about three hours total and I would consider it one of the best food and drink experiences I've had this year.  I know this place has gotten mixed reviews, but maybe the owners were still getting settled.  I don't know.  I do know that I'm a ruthlessly picky dude and this place made me feel happy all over.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,12/15/2011,232,372,7,8,7>Jerry's, you give me a sugar rush.  I love to peruse your rotunda of nuts, candies, popcorn, dried fruit, trail mix, and chocolate.  Oh, the chocolate!  Chocolate covered anything you want.  And festive gifts and treats for every holiday throughout the year.And, of course, Jerry's, you wouldn't be you without the nuts.  So many, many nuts.  All shapes, sizes, and kinds of nuts.  Nuts dipped in chocolate, nuts slathered with caramel, nuts covered in yogurt, nuts mixed with chewy fruit, sliced nuts, slivered nuts, salted nuts, raw nuts.I know I should quit you, Jerry's, but I just can't.  You're a local favorite and I'm a hopeless chocoholic.  No doubt about it, Jerry's, you are one sweet treat!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2011,12/14/2011,95,693,4,8,7>22OCT2011Open! Yea!08OCT2011The Pig & Block is not yet open, but the door was open this Saturday morning so I walked inside.I got a sample of Country Paté and another of salami.Meat goodness.Took some photos and talked with Jeff Bauman, Charcutier/Owner.They open the 24th of October and my prediction is: soon to be mobbed.While all the vegans are saying "gross" to themselves, the omnivores will be buying and eating cured pig products until the cows come home.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,12/13/2011,131,377,11,11,13>What not to say:"Hey, want to go to a Mexican seafood place in the strip mall next to Target?"What to say:"Hey, want to go to this seafood place that has this huge dish called Paella, which has mussels, swordfish, shrimp, scallops, chicken, and sausage in it and can feed both of us?"Both are correct, but the latter is the draw. I took advantage of a Groupon Now $1 lunch special, which netted me $20 at Las Brisas for only a buck! So of course I went all-out and ordered the most delicious sounding thing on the menu: the previously mentioned Paella. Rightfully labeled as a house special, this thing was beautifully presented and was HUGE, jammed packed with all of the meats mentioned above (see my pic). The shrimp were perfectly seasoned and cooked. The scallops were buttery and massive (especially for land-locked Denver). The chicken and sausage had great flavor. And there were a bunch of mussels lined around the dish. This thing was like a Spanish version of jambalaya, going by land and by sea. The full order is easily two meals...maybe even three. I ate half for an early lunch, and I'm still full 6 hours later. Don't bother with the half order - it's a better deal to get the full and share or take the rest home.The service was also fantastic. Granted I was one of like two or three people in there at 11:15am, but I never had an empty glass or empty bowl of free chips and salsa. Yup, they bring free chips and salsa. Honestly, it should be a crime not to at a Mexican restaurant, but that's an argument for another time and place. The salsa at first seemed so-so, but it really grows on you until you find yourself eating it even after putting a monster load of Paella into a to-go box because you're stuffed like a turkey on Thanksgiving.Unassuming from the outside and a bit hokey inside, but the service and food were fantastic. I look forward to coming back - hopefully after work so I can take advantage of the check-in margarita deal.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,12/12/2011,459,806,5,18,12>So, as any teacher knows, you always have those students who are awesome and reliant and the model student. Parents show up to conferences and ask how their kid is doing and you just gush. That's how I feel about all of Andre and Aaron Labato and Joey Newman's ventures. I breathe easily when I enter, even on their 2nd day of existence, because after having the food and good times I've had at Interstate, I really trust these people. And that trust is totally founded. Located in the former Mona's space (which I ate at in April, so talk about turnover,) the space is small, yet open, cozy and inviting. A lot of the tried and true staff at Interstate is also here, and the staff was incredibly cohesive, communicative and calm. If you entered this place not knowing when it opened (yesterday, 10/27,) you'd think they'd been open for months if not more, between the efficient staff and the full bar. I only tried a homemade 'cello spritzer and the mussels when I was here. The grapefruit cello was good, although it was not "spritzy", but it did have a nice balance of sweetness. I kept reminding myself to take a picture of my mussels, with sausage, peppers and grilled bread. Yet when it arrived I was too overcome, and dove right in. Fragrant, tangy and a nice, slightly updated take on something super traditional. The sausage, by the way, is from Carbonne's, and the peppers (and tomatoes and roasted garlic, I think) soaked up great flavor. All the components together on crusty bread just was a great experience. I never felt neglected nor smothered by staff. Prices are super reasonable (sandwiches under $10 and housemade cello spritzers are $5). I could easily see myself sitting here for hours, enjoying lots of great food, drinks, company and service. A great new addition to Denver.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,12/11/2011,306,1103,8,8,8>I dig this place. I stopped by here yesterday for lunch and pretty pleased with the experience as a whole. We went a little after 11a and there was no one there but it soon started to fill up thanks to the lunch crowd. We started off with the guacamole which was absolutely delightful-creamy and rich with a kick of zest. I kept dipping and dipping into it but then remembered, oh yeah, I was here for an actual meal (please eventually I would have gotten to the awkward licking the bowl stage and I reserve that for meals at home when I'm alone)One side of their menu is food and the other side is drinks, be still my heart! The main item on their menu is you guessed it, tacos. However, Marg's takes it a step further and offer tacos from around the world....literally. They have a Mediterranean taco, Asian, Moroccan, Baja, etc. I love that they bring some variation from the normal ho hum pork, steak or chicken tacos to the table. To add to that, they have the Taco Barco platter which allows you to chose six tacos of your liking along with rice and beans for only $18. We split this since that means we would get to try more and woof it down-fun! I tried the Mediterranean, Caribbean Jerk and Ninja and all were fantastic and full of flavor.I agree 100% with what Jessica J said, the setup of the place is small and if you got some junk in the truck or a big purse (unfortunately I have both), it gets a bit awkward. We were the only ones there and they sat us at one of the very first tables in the aisle way when I think logically it would be better to work from the back. When I was there it had the business professional crowd but I'd like to see how the vibe changes at night.Um, they have all day happy hour specials as well. Yep, I'll be back!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,12/10/2011,336,514,2,6,7>Backcountry,You continue to have my heart, and there are several reasons why. Here goes:1. Your amazing sammich's are to die for. I was tempted by your daily special today [french dip!] and went with my usual, but i absolutely love your food :) everything is homemade, fresh daily and good to the last bite!2. You are located right next to my office, which makes for a nice long lunch after just a hop, skip and jump to your store. your interior and patio are adorable and very welcoming :)3. Your staff is outstanding. I was greeted by smiles and my face & name were recognized as soon as i was at the counter. A "Hi Katie :)" was said, and i hadn't even told him my name...must have a memorable face! ha :) everyone is super friendly, nice and are hard workers :)4. Beer and liquor is not only sold here all day long, but for dirt cheap. a sammich and a PBR for $6. count me in.5. I just love you :)Thanks again for making the first installment of Downtown Yelpers lunch hour awesome...as always :)
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,12/9/2011,260,513,2,12,9>The husband and our BCFs decided to try Four G's without looking at Yelp; we did not want to be biased. Walking into an empty restaurant on a Friday night does not give you a warm and fuzzy but we ventured on and all 4 of us are glad we did.The Reasons:1) $6.00 Top shelf margarita with a good mix2) Breakfast served all day. My huevos rancheros were divine; there were three eggs sitting on top of a thin slice of smoked ham. The green chili was perfectly seasoned as well as the rice/beans. All served with a Top Shelf Margarita!3) The carne adovada and cheese enchiladas were also good choices.4) The prices are great for the neighborhood.5) Great service. 6) The bus stops out front and across the street which kills two birds with one stone. The parking is not the best in this area as there are other places to dine and the lots get filled up AND you can have two Top Shelf margaritas. All four of us have decided that Four G's will be our new go to place.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,12/8/2011,214,316,1,13,7>This place is still under the radar when I tell people about them I am always surprised that people don't know about the GGB!  We rent our breast pump here. I researched breast pumps and prices and the GGB came up a winner on both counts. They also offer a multitude of classes that have a fee and some that are free. We heard about them because of their huge assortment of cloth diapers which we highly considered before settling on middle ground with the G diaper which they also carry. The G diaper allows you to use a cloth insert or a flushable insert. They are AMAZING. They sell a lot of organic items including those that are free of BPA and PVC. I know they have a discount program if you give them your email, but due to my baby brain I cannot for the life of me remember the specifics. Well now you know about GGB, now go check it out.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,12/7/2011,121,458,2,7,5>This place gets packed too on the weekends so get here early!  Came at 10 on a sunday and the line was already out the door. Loved the menu.  Tons of different types of egg dishes: huevos rancheros, greek eggs, waffles, french toast, pancakes, crepes, sandwiches, ETC!Someone will find something they want to eat here! If you want to gorge they have dessert-ish pancake flavors too!The server was quick and helpful and we had a group of 10 girls!  I ended up ordering the mushroom egg dish and was NOT disappointed.  Goat cheese was plentiful and tart and the mushrooms and truffle sauce made it so savory!   The everything muffin that came with it was a good size and moist on the inside. Will definitely be back with the hubs to try more dishes!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,12/6/2011,164,209,6,6,8>Great fries, amazing sauce and it's a welcome addition to the area. They offer a small but yummy selection of Belgian beers and I love that they are finally offering sausages, I hope they start offering brats too!If you are overwhelmed with their amazing sauce selection, don't be afraid to ask for suggestions, they always have great input! I really wish their larger orders of fries came with more than one or two sauces.  If you splurge on extra sauce, the bill can really add up!Did you know that you can take their fries right around the corner to the Arvada Beer Company? Can a girl live on fries and beer alone? Probably not, but I might have to give it a good try.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,12/5/2011,197,231,4,11,9>I moved back from San Francisco earlier this year and kept thinking about how I'd been spoiled by the vast array of mixology bars there and how I'd have a hard time finding that here in Denver.  Cut to the other day, rolling into Grren Russell with Will, Julie and Ladyhawk and I find myself pleasantly suprised by the multitude of cocktail offerrings. I was delighted by the whiskey drink I had.  It's the first cocktail on the menu but the name elludes me.  But it's not just the cocktail options that make this place rad, it's the care that the staff takes in getting you something you'll like.  Our server/bartender asked a ton of questions about our preferences and was willing to alter pretty much any cocktail to our heart's content.  They even have a menu listing for the Bartender's Special which allows you to name some stuff you like and they'll make a cocktail with it and more.  That's cool.FInally, the small bites we ate were also quite delicious. Is this place a little expensive?  Sure, but in my opinion, you get what you pay for!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2011,12/4/2011,389,548,8,7,7>The coffee is pretty decent, the space is cool, and the baked goods are INSANE.  Parking is pretty effing challenging, but that's Larimer Square for you.  I usually stop by in the early morning en route to work and it's not that bad.When I say coffee is decent, I mean it's not consistently bad...it's consistenly decent but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  When we went for Yelp book club about a month ago, the barista was the eye contact avoiding, please just order and go away type.  She even took my order from over by the door while she was sweeping with a short "what'll it be?"  While she was steaming milk, she pulled the tip jar out from below and set it in front of me.  Hint much?  The guys in the morning have been friendlier.True heaven is the pastry/muffin rack right when you walk inside.  They must be baked fresh in the morning because my selections have been warm during my morning commute.  The sour cream muffin in particular is endless.  Seriously, you keep taking more and more bites and it's still like a brick in the bag.  They somehow manage to get that desirable crispiness all over so that every bite tastes like the prized top.So yes, The Market is pretty good under certain conditions: morning, when the parking is good, the baristas are friendly, and the muffins are fresh-from-the-oven warm.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,12/3/2011,217,97,21,9,9>Why is it that when I think about Linger, I think to myself... "man, I should have probably cleaned out my car"Yeah, they have free valet service, which is great, since the whole area is packed with people at Lola, Little Man Ice Cream, etc.  My car was disgusting.  I think there was a sock on the backseat.  I can't be sure.  Poor valet.When we arrived, we had no reservations.  That's a really dumb thing to do on a Friday night, btw.  The wait for a table was 3 HOURS!!!  There was even a wait to get into the bar or roof- 45 minutes.  Incidentally, I saw one couple try to dash into the restaurant and get denied.  They claimed "we have friends here".  They were almost physically removed.  The female of that party threw a little fit about not being able to get in.  The rest of the line and I laughed a bit, and I am sure that rubbed salt into those wounds!So, we strolled over to Lola, had a few Drug Mules (their version of moscow mule), and waited for the phone call.FINALLY we got the phone call and headed over.  The roof has the most amazing view of Denver.  A++One of the waiters had a sideways rat-tail and a pencil mustache.  I was overwhelmed with jealousy, obviously.Our waiter was fantastic, and we let him take the reigns for the entire meal and drinks.  He picked everything perfectly.  We had BBQ Pork, which had the most fantastic homemade kimchi side.  It was amazing.Next, we had the tacos.  Simply amazing.  The thinly sliced radishes really were an awesome addition.  And finally, the masala dosa was AMAZING.  I normally don't think I would say something about this kind of dish, I thought it was an amazing dish.I have no clue as to the names of our drinks, but they got us toasty and they were delicious.So, I suggest to all, go, get on the roof, try not to tackle your way into the restaurant and then throw a fit, and clean your damn car.  No one wants to look at a gross sock.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,12/2/2011,53,252,3,6,5>Holy smokes! This place is amazing!I want to knock off 1 star for the long line but I can't penalize the venue for its popularity.Two people had a $50 breakfast here....yup, that good! We just couldn't stop ordering additional food just to try it.For starters, the bloody marry here is very good and that means a lot from me as I do NOT like tomato juice. The coffee is bottomless. The dough nut bites are all delicious but my favorite was the cream.The eggs Benedict with chorizzo was great and the sweet potato hash is t odie for. The stuffed french toast with banana and cream cheese...forget about it!! Oh, and the seasonal spiced pumpkin pan cake was phenomenal!! Did I mention the biscuit and homemade jelly was sensational?? Because it is!!!Feel free to drive above the speed limit to get here. So worth it!!!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,12/1/2011,476,701,7,12,7>I find myself in the area from time to time and have always struggled with finding someplace to eat. I'll struggle no more. The name alone should have drawn me in but honestly I never even noticed the signage. It wasn't 'til a friend of mine told me about the place that I finally found Large Marge's. The small Works sandwich wit,  a side of fries and a drink was around $8.00. It was very tasty! Well seasoned beef, fried green peppers, onions, and mushrooms on a very fresh roll slathered with cheez-wiz served with some hot crisp thick cut fries. Mmmmmm. I should have ordered the large. No actually I'm glad I didn't. I was plenty full from the small and I've got to work on this glut-gut of mine. If you're in the area, you really should check them out!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2011,11/30/2011,515,852,9,9,8>Stumbling upon Capitol Hill Books was one of the highlights of my afternoon. For a former bookcollectaholic, it was a little like almost relapsing. I resisted the temptation to handle even one book. It's that first book that does it to me.I will be back. I had been on my feet a while when I arrived and was tired. The shelves are loaded with rare and used books of good quality and good condition. And some great titles.Nice proprietress, too.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,11/28/2011,242,830,3,8,5>I really like this place!!We wandered in on a chilly, breezy night while walking around Belmar. Pizza just sounded good.The place is little, but the wood-burning oven fits just fine, and made for some darn good ways. We Had:9" Pepperoni Pizza ($8.50) - The crust was crisp but not dry, and the pepperoni slices were the largest I've ever seen. (See Photo). Those monsters were literally 3 inches in diameter. The Man thought the pizza was too greasy, and mopped up the grease with a napkin. But the bites I had were good. Not oh-my-gosh fantastic, but solid. I think a wee bit more cheese would have upped the flavor. But then, I freaking love cheese.  Their other topping combinations looked interesting, specifically the bacon, spinach, egg and sriracha one. Gotta try that. You know what *was* "Oh-My-Gosh Fantastic"??The Haystack Goat Cheese Salad with Proscuitto and Sopresatta.  ($8.75)  -  Holy Moly!  There was a pile of greens dressed in a caramelized onion balsamic vinaigrette, topped with fresh ribbons of carrots (Yep, still had their crunch), a few wedges of tomatoes, and a generous sprinkling of local Haystack Mountain Goat Cheese. Heaped in front of that were plenty of slices of Sopresatta and Proscuitto. (See Photo). This salad impressed me, and I will be back just for that. The only thing missing was a sprinkling of freshly ground black pepper. Just the pre-ground stuff on the table. The beers were all reasonably priced, $3-$5, and they have bottled sodas for $3 too. We didn't actually have room for dessert, so I guess I'll have to go back for some Tiramisu and another hit of that awesome salad.  Another winner within walking distance from my place!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,11/27/2011,174,249,5,11,11>How I hate to write this review because I don't want my wonderful super secret place to get out even more (okay it's not that super secretive, but it is one of my favorite places EVER!!!). Balistreri Vineyards is locally owned and operated by the winemaker himself, John Balistreri, his daughter, Julie Balistreri and some other family members and close friends. Located in the industrial part of North Denver, this winery isn't where you wouldn't expect to find some pretty tasty and quality wines. Most of their grapes are purchased off of the western slope of Colorado, with the exception to a few vineyards coming out of Cali. John Balistreri is the reason to my venturing out into other classes of wine and has thus fed my probably most expensive hobby. He makes a huge variety of wine every season and carries probably a good twenty or so wines he is pouring at any given time. Oh! and did I forget to add that the wine tasting is FREE! (There's not too many absolutely 100% free things left in this city!). He is very personable and knowledgeable and will lead you through his wines on a memorable and fun vino adventure! John mostly makes red wine and a few whites, that you won't find at the selective local restaurants and liquor stores he sells too. The reason why is because he ferments and treats the white wines as if they are red, with the skins still on the grapes. This leads to a very unique and distinctive characteristic that flows into all of his vintages. He doesn't want the typical white wine drinker to purchase one of his bottles of Chardonnay or Pinot and be turned off by his style, and thus his whole line. I'm not the biggest fan of whites in general (I have been favoring the BIG, bold, deep, complex reds for a while now), although when I do want a nice white wine, his are a definite go to. His red wines are definitely the bomb.com! Ranging from the simplest of cabs, to nice, lush, sweet and big merlots, to spicy and creamy syrahs - Balistreri has it ALL! *A cool tip that he pours and makes is the Little Feet Merlot line. Every year around harvest time, Balistreri hosts two Harvest parties in town (one out at Belmar and one at their house and winery). A feature of the party is to have all of the children participate in stomping the grapes in a big vat. This wine is later treated and produced into... Little Feet Merlot! His other wines (although they don't have as cutesy stories that comes along with them) are all fantastic. I don't think I have tried one of his wines that I absolutely didn't like or love. Word to the wise when checking out this place, either have some time to spend at the winery or designate a DD because his wines also carry a punch in the alcohol percentages (upper teens)! If this is your first wine tasting or another notch for you in your wine travels, may Balistreri meet and exceed expectations! Salut!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,11/26/2011,397,602,3,9,5>Thanks Yelp for steering me right on this one!I had a huge crack in my 2005 WRX windshield, so bad it was starting to horseshoe around! And when the sun hit it just right, it would blind me. So time for a new windshield. I called around to various places and these guys were by far the cheapest by at least $100.They came to my work at the time I was expecting and got the job done in 30 minutes all while I didn't have to do a damn thing but  unlock the car.  They will come out to fix any chips for $35 the first time and $10 thereafter.  Highly recommend for all your cracked windshield needs! And since you live in Colorado you will!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,11/25/2011,113,155,5,5,6>Ok, I will admit it. I am a bit of a snob when it comes to certain ethnic foods, Vietnamese being one of them. Kim Ba impressed the snob.I just moved here from Houston, the Vietnamese food capitol of the United States. In fact, it has more Pho places than any other city in the USA--a huge influx of Vietnamese came to Houston after Katrina. After my first visit, this place matches anything I have tried in Houston. Specifically, the egg rolls are unlike anything I have had. Made to order and tasty, they are clearly the star. Like many others, I had an appetizer portion to split with my wife, as well as the beef, egg roll noodle combo. My wife got the tofu and veggies over crispy noodles. I ate them too (oink). Nothing was bad, everything was faultless.The order was to go, so I can't comment on the service other than the food came out Quickly and the cashier area (apart from the dining room) smelled of incense. I will be back.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,11/24/2011,152,243,2,7,6>Yay no more $10 trips to 7-11 to buy emergency milk and butter!I love Dean's Urban Market!!The prices are definitely a little higher than King Soopers, but on par with Safeway. This is to be expected since it's a block from Coors Field.The store itself is really clean (duh it's brand new) and they carry almost everything you would find at a chain grocery store (shampoo, cake mix, fruit, meat, soda, frozen food, dairy). They sell fresh baked goods, and although I didn't take the time to peruse today, I think that will come in handy when my sweet tooth is acting up. They also have a small but mighty specialty cheese section. A lot of their produce is organic, so that definitely bumps the price up.To give you an example of the prices here is what I bought:Half Gallon of (non-organic) skim milk: $2.692 fuji apples: $3.08Pint of mushrooms: $2.59Jumbo yellow onion: .40Really not too bad considering the convenience factor. This will save me 20 minute trips to King Soopers to get one bell pepper for a recipe. Their produce section is quite extensive, unlike Whole Foods on Capital Hill that didn't have 5 of the 6 produce items I was looking for...Thank goodness someone finally brought a REAL market to the ballpark area. This was much needed and I'm sure the hundreds (thousands?) of people who live here are going to love it for a long, long time.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,11/23/2011,56,506,2,7,4>I love when I get to write five star reviews! And I love, love, love Euclid Hall! So, this is Jennifer Jasinski's (Rioja, Bistro Vendome) toned-down, more affordable restaurant. The atmosphere is laid back, even though the place itself is still very cool. Euclid Hall is two floors - more of a "bar" feel downstairs, and a larger dining area and bathrooms upstairs. There is also a nice little patio out front. A couple weeks ago we were on the hunt for a place to do some day-drinking on a Sunday afternoon, and meandered over to Euclid Hall. Since we had been beering it up for a while, we made sure to order plenty of food. Here's a quick rundown of what we indulged in (one in our group is a vegetarian, so our options were somewhat limited):Fried Cheddar Curds (Included a shot in the picture section)Wild Mushroom PoutinesGingered Spring Veggies (two orders)Pickle Sampler (pictured)Red Velvet Cupcake (pictured)Funnel Cake Fried Bananas (pictured)So, seven plates of amazing food, plus about three hours of drinking (three people), and our bill was around $80. I live downtown, so I know that this is a great value for food and beer of that quality. On top of the outstanding fare, the service here has always been wonderful. Our server the last time never let a glass get empty, cleared empty plates immediately, and made sure waters were full at all times (a huge plus when drinking on a hot day). Give it a try - I'm already looking forward to going back!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,11/22/2011,342,357,4,6,10>Providence is my new favorite bar... as evidenced by Bryan and I hitting it up once a week since we discovered it.  Sam (who runs the joint) really did a great job with the decor, ambiance, and staffing.  It's the type of bar where you WANT everybody to know your name.Draft selection is amazing, which includes my go-to fav White Rascal.  You gotta try the Huckleberry Lemonade (yes, it's alcoholic) served in a customized mason jar.  I hear their bloody mary's are one of the best, and they look divine.They also have some pretty amazing food on their menu.  My favorites are the Pretzel Bread app, Burger (which is build your own, with a variety of toppings to choose from), Black & Tan Onion Rings, and Buffalo Chicken Sliders.  And one of the best parts of this place...the candy jar on the bar, always filled w/ Starbursts, suckers, etc.  Brilliant!  So basically Providence rocks.  Do yourself and favor and go there soon!!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/8/2011,11/21/2011,41,218,5,8,4>A friend suggested The Copper Pot for dinner one night and had previously told me what a great neighborhood spot it was and that I needed to check it out.I love small privately/locally owned places, so it's right up my alley!  The interior is nice, the wait staff pleasant and the menu choices plentiful. I drink a lot of water with dinner and was pleased that my glass never went dry. :)We started our foodfest with the delicious fries covered in green chili.  Chili wasn't bland, but also wasn't over-hot...it was just right.I really liked that there is a choice to have a smaller serving for a few of the dinner plate item.  I ordered the smaller version and still took leftovers home. I initially wanted to order the Chicken Fried Steak, but was told they were out and it was suggested that I try the Chicken Fried Chicken.  The chicken was moist, the breading just right, the mashed potatoes great.....then everything came crashing down in the midst of dismal *canned* green beans.  Nope, you didn't misread that.  All that yumminess running for cover from the horror of a canned vegetable.Others in our party orders the Chicken Pot Pie and Fish & Chips and no one was disappointed in their choices.  For dessert we snarfed down some nice carrot cake.Would I go back?  Hell, yeah.   But next time, I'll ask first before ordering anything with a vegetable side dish.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,11/20/2011,320,975,4,5,7>Addictive bakery goodness Oh My!  From Egg Tarts ($1 each), Almond Butter Cookies (4 for $1), bread buns and those bakery delights that just melt in my mouth.. are the reasons why I came coming back to this establishment.  Did they put something "ILLEGAL" here for my addiction of sweet stuffs??Furthermore, if you are in this neighborhood or the strip mall with ASIAN GOODNESS GALORE, how can you miss those BRIGHT YELLOW SIGNAGE??Talk to one of the staffs for a big order, and she said just call ahead like 2 days in advance or come in person.  Still deciding whether should I not get the big order in the future...
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,11/19/2011,133,398,6,10,8>I have gone here three times, once for dinner and now twice for lunch. Each time I have been bowled over by great service and fantastic food! I cannot recommend this place enough.The first time I went with another couple and the bf. We went on a Friday evening, when there was a bellydancer. We'd gone out for Indian with the same couple a few months prior and while we always enjoyed the company, the food and the service were subpar in my opinion. Not so at India's Castle.The restaurant sits inside an unassuming strip mall, near The Home Depot on Arapahoe, going eastbound. We were told that the food was divine and as we enjoy Indian food, we were happy to go out with our friends.This restaurant truly lived up the hype. Inside, the restaurant is intricately decorated and we were greeted warmly and seated quickly.  As we decided upon our drinks, I decided to be adventurous and tried a Chilean Carmenere red wine and was delighted with how much I adored the wine.I believe I had Chicken Briyani and was not disappointed. Garlic naan and samosas, as well as pakoras, were yummy. At the end of our meal, our waiter brought us a complimentary orange liqueur, which finished off the meal perfectly.Recently one of our coworkers suggested going out for Indian buffet lunch and it was the Indian restaurant that I truly disliked. I suggested that India's Castle was closer to work than the other restaurant (India's at Tamarac) and that I could vouch that the food was good.We went on a Friday afternoon and the restaurant was fairly busy. It was a buffet for $9, which included a salad bar, Indian entrees, rice, naan, pakoras and gulab jamun (if you were in the mood for dessert). I remember loading up my plate with different options, however, the winner for me was Chicken Tikka Masala and the naan. I ended up going back for more chicken tikka masala, rice and naan.  I went with the same co-workers a couple of weeks later and the cycle was repeated. Atlhough this time I also tried a piece of tandoori chicken. Bu honestly, I just loved the chicken tikka masala. I think one of my friends tried the mushroom curry, and enjoyed it. I'm not a fungi lover, so I tend to shy away from mushrooms, but I do love curry.If you're in the area, or even if you're not, I don't believe you would be disappointed eating here.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,11/18/2011,267,467,3,16,12>OK- so, basically, I feel like I'm a "culinary" Mexican.  I live there much of the year and have since I was a kid.  I can appreciate Tex/Mex and Colo/Mex but neither compare to the "real deal".  I thought Chili Verde and Tarasco might be close to what I love about Mexican cooking but was pretty disappointed.So, I say to you mis hermanos y hermanas - PAXIA es El Dorado when it comes to la alta cocina mexicana in Denver.  The best Mexican cooking I have ever experienced in El Norte.Lunch today was amazing.  Place is gorgeous - like our adorable server Salvador from Guadalajara (so sweet and helpful).  Just had the "house" margaritas (no need to upgrade) because they were the best margaritas I've ever had in Denver.  Perfect chips and 4 terrific salsas showed up in minutes after our arrival - all delicioso.  A couple are picante - so cuidate.She had today's combo plate (chicken tamale, enchilada, burrito in a variety of green sauces - not one red sauce and not one covered in gloppy yellow cheese - $9ish).  I had the chicken mole which is my litmus test for real Mexican cooking - sublime (also $9)  I thought the portion looked small but it was so rich and flavorful I couldn't finish it.  We literally swooned over how delicious everything was.  Lunch rang in around $50 (but we both had dos margaritas.)You simply must go.  A little off the beaten track at 40th and Tejon but parking was not an issue, at least at lunch.A very special place indeed.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,11/17/2011,702,888,3,12,14>Just an update to proclaim that this place still has THE best chicken strips ($3 at HH for a huge platter) I've ever had, as well as my husband's fav wings ($4 at HH) in town. Maybe my fav fried pickles ($3) too. And the popcorn shrimp are great. Still so-cheap-it's-practically-free Coors drafts and Barefoot wines (both $2 or less), as well as a bunch of better beers like Abita ($3 Amber and Turbo Dog) and cocktails like margs, Hurricanes and Corona "bombs" topped with vodka ($2.50-$4). No comment on those ;) Besides the friendliest staff and super amusing regulars, I just found out that they carried Abita Strawberry in the spring - this is SO hard to find even in NOLA and darn near impossible in Denver - and they just started carrying their Satsuma Wit. Good luck grabbing one of those anywhere else in town. This place is a totally authentic NOLA style dive bar and puts me in the same frame of mind as bellying up to the bar at Johnny White's in the French Quarter. And the HH snacks put me in the same fried food coma the next day, just like I'm on vacation in my fav city, and I love it.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,11/16/2011,218,194,4,9,5>Taste of Denmark is so incredibly killer it's mind boggling, you won't believe all the goodies they make!   Dozens of danishes and pastries that I'd never seen before, fresh baked croisants and breads, cookies that almost look too good to eat, strudels packed with fruit and/or cream cheese, and more.    I used to drive by the old location on my way to work and I was the most popular person in the office when I stopped by Taste of Denmark on my way in.  I like the new location's location, not a high traffic place but better than where it was. The employees have always been great, they are all very nice and willing to answer questions you might have about any of the tasty things on display.A few of my favorites sweets are the chocolate croissants, the thin cinnamon rolls covered with chocolate, the almond rolls, and all the fruit danishes.  I also really like the french and jalepeno bagettes, country rye bread, and dinner rolls. BTW, don't be fooled by a bunch of cars in the parking lot, that doesn't mean it's busy inside.  It's a dirt lot and there's no signs saying you can't so I'm guessing the locals park their extra vehicles there - a few campers and such could be seen the last time I was there.  Find a spot, go in and try not to let your eyes do too much ordering, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,11/15/2011,227,426,1,7,6>Walk in, and...well, if you're coming in from daylight, you'll think this place is nighttime already.My family and I had a moment of blindness as the host led us to our table. It is dim inside, but after awhile, eyes adjust (thankfully).Service here is SO attentive. A host makes sure the water cups are always topped off and provides refills of the warm, comforting bread whenever necessary.Our server was even more awesome. He introduced himself, told us about the specials, and made sure we got what we needed with our entrees. He was great with recommending red wine for us: despite his lean towards California wine, he was satisfied with our South American pick.Now usually, I am under the impression that "nicer" restaurants = small portions for the price. Not so! Steakhouse 10 had more than enough bread, soup, salad to keep our bellies warm until we got our entrees....And, the entrees were superb. I went with the steak medallions, and luckily so! If I had ordered a sirloin, ribeye, etc, I would have been bursting to the seams.Couldn't resist the dessert either: creme brulee, mmmm. Our server told us how the restaurant is Greek-owned and my sister pulled a fast one on him by speaking some simple Greek. Poor guy was embarrassed to admit he himself didn't know any of the Greek language...Upstairs has a swankier atmosphere with The Alibi Room: kind of like a lounge, but seems like it is reserved for special parties. If you come to Steakhouse 10, most likely you'll get to peek at the Alibi Room since the restrooms are located upstairs.Indulgently warm place. Will be back for another special occasion sometime in the future....
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,11/14/2011,110,737,2,9,5>My one complaint with Palma isn't really a complaint since I knew it going in, but I still feel like I have to mention that I wish they had more than just wine. Wine is probably last on my list of things I like to drink with a cigar. But the Colorado wines they had were pretty good, for being wine!I've heard of Palma's for a while and they've been on my list to try ever since I saw Clay rolling his own cigar's at the Cigar Fest. We finally made the trek downtown to give them a shot on a Saturday afternoon. The humidor is definitely homemade - and humid! There's a good selection of the home rolled stuff and a few retail brands, but why would you go here if you don't want to smoke the Palma's??We got a selection of cigars and everything we tried was awesome. My wife got the hazelnut, which is one of the sweetest cigars I've ever had. The smoke just made everything smell better!They were dead when we went in and I didn't see any air returns so I imagine when they're busy it's very cloudy in there.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,11/13/2011,462,98,6,10,5>Alright, so you've heard what they say about pizza and sex, right?  If not, I won't get into that here.  What I will get into is why I like, OK love, Pizza Republica.I went there with a fellow east coaster (I'm from NJ/NY/CT and my friend is from NJ) and I can tell you we know our pizza.  We're not New Yorkers who think NY pizza is the be all and end all, but it's clearly what we like and what we seek out here in Denver when looking for crust, sauce, and cheese.  I had high hopes for Pizza Republica and went in there expecting great things...they did not disappoint.We started out with Ranger IPA beer from New Belgium Brewing Company which is one of my favorites for a beverage.  We had the house salad and also the meatball appetizer.  The meatball was cooked perfectly, meaning nice and moist, and had a very subtle hint of cinnamon flavor in it.  The red sauce was hearty and rich with great tomato flavor.  I know it sounds silly to say tomato sauce has a great tomato flavor, but some restaurants mess it up by adding sugar (my Italian grandma would kill me if I did that!) or oregano (which belongs in pizza sauce and not sauce for other things).We opted to build our own pizza and selected black olives and Italian fennel sausage to go with the tomato sauce and fresh mozzarella.  The sausage made my mouth happy, with enough fennel to notice the flavor but not overpower the little chunks of porky goodness.  It reminded me of the home made Italian sausage my father used to make by hand when I was a kid.  The sauce was perfect as far as flavor with the basil and hint of garlic, texture, and how much they put on the pie.  The crust...well...let's just say that in my 14 years of living in Denver after moving here from NYC that it's the best pizza crust I've had,  Crisp on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside.  Kudos to the kitchen for doing it right!  Everything melded together beautifully as a pizza pie and my mouth was sad once the last bite was consumed.Our waiter, Lindsey (I hope I spelled his name right) was friendly and engaging while being on top of everything that we needed and wanted.  He was definitely part of the Pizza Republica experience.  Make sure you ask for him by name when you go in for a pie.In summary, excellent food and top notch service mean I'll be returning to PR very, very soon.  I usually don't give five stars to an establishment when I've only patronized it once, but I was that impressed.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2011,11/12/2011,188,277,6,12,8>I don't know how restaurants do it. Opening and running a restaurant is probably one of the hardest things imaginable to me, so I have to give a lot of credit to restaurants that are trying even if they don't quite have everything together. Fleur for example.This place is so much of a stone's throw from me that I could actually break their window if I wanted (I don't). Who would want to damage a building so beautiful and unusual? The building had been a florist for decades (in fact, the rest of the block north of the building was once its greenhouses) and it was built in this wonderful mishmash style; kind of mission Victorian with its turret and Spanish-style roof line. And the inside is flourished with these art nouveau style flower designs on the ceiling. The place is seriously an architectural gem. Which is why I was so glad to see the place revamped so nicely and turned into something cool like a bistro.But I have a feeling they are struggling. I walk past the place often and usually only see a handful of customers if any at all. It's a beautiful location, but also an odd one; tucked into a Capitol Hill corner. And because its not usually busy I can see why the service I had wasn't great. Why have an extra server if you don't think anyone's going to show up? But indeed on this Saturday morning, the majority of the tables were filled with customers and the lone server had to juggle everything himself. He did an admirable if slow job.The food was also pretty good and very reasonably priced for breakfast. I had the Benedict which had a pesto hollindaise that I thought was a delicious twist and the traditional Benny. On the side was a cup of fresh fruit which is definitely a nice and light change of pace. However, they used square-cut pieces of toast instead of English muffins, so I had nothing to scoop up the little bits of hollindaise and yolk left over from the meal. May not seem like a big deal and it isn't, but that is seriously one of my life's little pleasures.And they also play the strangest music. You'd think at a fancy-looking place like Fleur, they would play jazz or maybe classical. Instead they play girl pop like Katy Perry and Christina Aguilera. I don't know why either...But Fleur has lots of potential and I definitely recommend it to anyone who lives in the area. It's definitely one of those places that everyone likes to have in their neighborhood, so remember to actually go there and spend money. Because places don't stay open on wishful thinking.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,11/11/2011,210,385,13,18,10>Good gravy, am I really giving five stars to a DENTISTS OFFICE!?! What is this world coming to? FACT: going to the dentist is not fun. I don't care how good your teefs are (mine are perfect), or how mellow your vibe is (mine is about a 7 on the Chill-Scale), there's nothing fun about having belatexed hands all up in your grill, poking and picking and prodding and, just, ugh. I won't lie, this visit was only the second time I've been to the dentist in the last 12 years or so. As I mentioned earlier, I have excellent teefs! Still though, preventive maintenance is a good thing. I found Crestline via a Groupon deal I purchased several months back. They're affiliated with The Smile Generation, who operates 22 locations in the metro area, most of which have pretty bad ratings on Yelp and even more abysmal ones on Groupon. Needless to say, I was apprehensive. The general consensus on Groupon was that once they got you in the door with the great pricing of the Groupon deal, they'd aggressively upsell you to the tune of hundreds of dollars of extra dental work. I was fully prepared to enter Crestline with a giant chip on my shoulder, hackles up and ready to say, "don't you dare try to talk smack about my teefs and tell me I need things I don't! I want the deal I paid for and THAT'S IT."Paranoid much? Well, the previous dentist (not Crestline) I'd visited tried to do just that. They told me that even though I'd never had a cavity in my life, I had several forming at that very moment! Because of my husband! Because he IS prone to cavities and I can catch that cavity-proclivity just by kissing him! GASP!! THE HORROR! Yes, they really told me this. Yes, I pretty much laughed in their faces as I left. Yes, dumber folks than I have fallen for such trickery. Fact. Nothing like that happened when I saw Dr. Hartman at Crestline. In fact, he complimented me on how excellent my teefs actually were! No lies about fake, kissing-induced cavities. No fear tactics about gingivitis or receding gumlines. No pressure for a deep-scale cleaning. Just a good, thorough checkup and cleaning. EXACTLY what I needed, nothing more. P.S. They have all the best state of the art equipment and are extremely informative about exactly what they're doing at any given time. So, just in case you're not blessed with Fab Teefs like mine, you can still visit Crestline with complete confidence that you're not going to be taken for a ride.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,11/10/2011,188,261,6,8,9>Damn near too awesome for Colfax! Went there for happy hour, stayed  for five hours! My group of friends likes to bounce around bar hopping, but we all loved this place and stayed well into the night! I met almost every employee, sampled their tasty drinks - the Moscow Mule is addictive! They have tasty brews on tap, including cider and a very good happy hour drink special. The bartender was very knowledgeable and we even got a free round of shots. The bathrooms were amazing and the vibe was modern, classic, upscale, and colfaxish all simultaneously! The staff and owner were quite invested in ensuring everyone enjoyed themselves. The place had a well done face lift with comfy bar stools and an elaborate bar. Everyone got quality service and we had a large group. I live a few blocks away and will frequent this badass establishment many times in the future!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2011,11/9/2011,17,120,4,8,5>The place is, what it is...a larger Mexican grocery with low prices and odd hard to find items for Mexican cooking.The produce, I heard they get their produce shipment on Wednesday, therefore for the freshest selection that would be the day to go.  I've seen rotten avacados on the weekend, mixed into a giant table of rock hard avacados, so be very aware of your selection.  Jalapenos always seem fresh, but the limes and other fruit follow the avacado rule.  Meat: I've not purchased the packaged meat, only the meat counter for me.  The guys behind the counter habla ingles, so don't hesitate to ask in English.  The 'fresh' chorizo on the rack behind the counter is suspect, I purchased some once and I was disappointed.  Avoid it, but I've had good luck for all my other carniceria delicacies.The bakery is like heaven.  If heaven was a store making fresh pastries, tortillas and bread every 40 min. On the weekend, u may need to set up shop and wait for the little bread rolls to come out...and don't feel bad about throwing an elbow at Lucia, as you fight for the best rolls...cuz she has no problem taking it right out of your hand.Typically I go on the weekend which is a headache cuz, 1. Mexicans don't park logically and the parking lot is odd. and 2. The lines at check out are stupid long. But don't let that deter you.  These guys carry almost all of the Goya product line, and Goya makes some of the best Latin food condiments and sauces for cooking.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,11/8/2011,66,238,4,8,7>First and foremost I must say that this food is delicious. Like most southerners and comfort food lovers, this is the food I grew up on.For the sake of brevity I'll make this simple:Chicken- GreatFrog Legs- OkCabbage- GoodGreens- GoodMac and Cheese- GoodRice and Gravy- GoodFish- GreatCornbread- OkOkra- GoodKool Aid- Nice touchSweet Potato Pie- Words can't describe my love for youSo yeah, basically the food is pretty darn good, and a fine representation of what some call soul food ( I just call it food). Price really depends on what you want. There's plenty of deals but if you want to pile it on, it will cost you. The decor is what really makes me just love this place. It might sound cliché but it really reminds me of my Grandmas house back in Florida. The old timey knickknacks, black and white photos of people that resemble your server (his Grandparents I think) tattered leather bound Bibles, church fans, worn basketball trophies, Delfonics tunes.......... The food was great but most importantly I just felt happy being here with my family.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,11/7/2011,112,168,3,6,7>Well here we go.I was first introduced to Jim's stand about 2 years ago. For those of you who have read my review, I don't need to elaborate. Biker Jim's kicks hot dog ass. It gives an entirely new meaning. I honestly don't know ONE SINGLE PERSON who has tried it, and didn't LOVE IT! ( This includes one very picky 12 year old). It has been since then I fantasized about Jim with access to a deep fryer.Thank you Jesus.3 words. Fried.Green.Tomatoes. They were fried to perfection, the sauce was delicious and I would have smacked almost anyone for my fair share. FYI, when discussing these particular Fried Green Tomatoes, my fair share includes some of yours....The French fries are also AWESOME and other new stuff remains in my menu future.To be 100% honest the dogs may be a smidge better from the stand, this could also be just because it's what I am used to. I am from Chicago, ALL my hot dogs have come from stands...5 stars for Jim and his OUTSTANDING staff. I can't wait to see where this may lead AND finally bring all of my family in for the "hot dogs" I have been bragging about discovering for so long now. There will be quite an influx in just few weeks!!YAY JIM!!!YAY YELP!!!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2011,11/6/2011,639,447,17,9,6>To begin with, I have a bone to pick with this name. Yes, it's cute. However, when I eat pizza, I feel a lot of things, the least of which is sexy.Full, satiated, blissed out, happy, guilty and even bloaty. But never sexy.Other than the name, I like this place. Their $5 special of 2 slices and a soda is a good deal, provided you can finish 2 slices of their pizza (I could not). I love the thin crust, NY style pizza and, for some reason, the consistency of the cheese they use is just perfect when melted. It's fast, good pizza when you want something greasy and filling. My *actual* problem with this place is more the vibe than anything. With a name like "Sexy Pizza," you would expect an interior that's cute and bubbly. Instead, you get 6 bar height tables (I hate bar height tables because that means bar stools, and frequently I'm too short to properly scoot a bar stool in), a couple of photos of "sexy" ladies taped up on the walls and two guys who look like, well, they look like they work in a locally owned pizza joint. And they don't seem thrilled to be working there either.Maybe instead of Sexy Pizza, the name should be "This is Going Straight to My Ass Pizza."
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,11/5/2011,285,768,5,11,8>Well, my Birthday did not go as planned.   I had to make a pit stop at the ER and was there for a bit.  We were on our way home late Saturday night and really needed a bite to eat.  After paying some of the ER bill,  we needed somewhere cheap too.  I've had Empanada Express Grill bookmarked for awhile, so I called up to see if they were open until 9, or would stay open until just after.  They said they would hang out a bit after 9 so no worries...star 1.  We got there and went over the menu, I was a bit delirious from all the drugs they pumped into my system so I just saw Venezuelan Sampler...sounds good, a bit of everything and just $11-star 2.  Now, I had to make some choices next for my empanada and arepa. This was a bit of a challenge for me at this point, and I'm pretty sure the girl knew it, as I was slurring and holding 1 eye shut, but she acted like there were no problems whatsoever-star 3.For the last and final star-the delicious, hit the spot, warm, soft meal! For my arepa I chose, somehow chose the Reina Pepeada, chicken salad and avocado.  Wow, it was so good! I love chicken salad, and I really didn't know what to expect from here but I wasn't expecting it to be so good. And for my empanda I chose as carnitas, and that was also fantastic.  The meat was tender and juicy, there was some sort of sauce it was made with and then topped with cheese.  Both were so good, and so different from anything I eat.  The sampler also came with fried plantains, a corn cake that was topped with cheese that I downed and these yummy little fried things with ooey gooey cheese in the middle. I believe these were the Tequeños. The batter had a sweet flavor that went so well with the cheese. So 4 wonderful stars for a great little place. I think they need to expand and open up a shop on the SE side of town!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,11/4/2011,194,576,,9,17>Last week I adopted my new kitty Minnie from the DDFL and couldn't be happier.We connected from the minute I saw her in the play area. When the adoption counselor brought her to meet me, she snuggled up to me and played with me. What impressed me was apparently she was not social when she first came to the DDFL and they had to socialize her. Well they did an amazing job, she's one of the sweetest, friendliest kitties around. After such a wonderful first meeting, I couldn't say no! So I completed the adoption process which included watching a brief dvd and paying the fee. Since she still needed to be spayed, I picked her up the next day.  Best $70 I've spent in a long time. I'm sure Minnie agrees.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,11/3/2011,92,394,1,12,7>I don't often give five stars to a place that has only been open for one day but in this case I'm making an exception. Why? Because AXIOS not only has excellent food (more about that in a bit) but the service was nearly perfect, right down to constantly filled water glasses, food courses spaced apart so that you never felt rushed nor did you feel like you were waiting, wine at the proper temperature, and a friendly visit from Telly, the owner, checking to make sure everything was all right.I'm not an expert on Greek cuisine in part because the only experience I have ever had with Greek or Mediterranean food is a falafel sandwich from Garbanzo or casual meals at Pete's and Zorba's which are more like Greek Diners. AXIOS is upscale and offers Greek dishes that are, in my opinion, a step above the Greek Diner fare. Upscale but not snooty. We arrived near the end of happy hour when the restaurant only had a few tables filled. The hostess had no problem with us taking the four-top in the corner window even though there were only two of us. Water and menus came immediately. Our server, Erin was friendly and confident even though we were there the day after their opening. The food - as I said, excellent. We started with Organic Hummus with grilled Pita. The Pita was freshly made and warm. The Hummus, flavorful with a bit of lemon flavor. This is a great starter. Accompanied by a bottle of the house white wine for $20 Happy Hour price. Our main courses: Lamb Giouvets - roasted lamb shank in tomato lamb sauce with Greek orzo pasta. My husband dove in and loved it. I totally enjoyed the Pastitsio - pasta with greek cheeses, seasoned meat with bechamel cream sauce, baked. Sort of like Greek lasagna, this dish was so rich that I couldn't finish it all. I asked Erin to box the rest so savor at a later time. She returned and informed me that the top layer of my Pastitsio fell off so they just replaced it with another full serving to take home. She even gave me instructions on at what temperature to heat it.I've been to a few restaurant openings and most of the time there are obvious kinks that need to be worked out. AXIOS was working like a well-oiled and very organized concert of front-of-house and kitchen staff. Best of all - the Berkeley neighborhood, specifically Tennyson Street has so many good (and in some cases really good) restaurants for the locals. I believe that AXIOS has the potential to be a well known destination restaurant, not just for locals but for foodies all over town. For us it's worth the walk, for others it's more than worth the drive.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,11/2/2011,74,134,6,5,5>Went there with a girlfriend one Tuesday night for their chicken wings special.  The restaurant was pretty empty when we first got in so we were a bit skeptical.  The waitress was very nice and she explained to us how their food order works.  We ordered their 2 lbs special, which comes with corn, potatoes and 2 sausages.  Usually they don't do different sauces for this order but since it's our first time, she let us do it.  We tried the pineapple cajun, and their butter sauce.  We also ordered 6 fish sauce chicken wings.  You wouldn't think fish sauce would taste good with wings, but they say it's their specialty so why not, I was feeling wild that night.  The food came and it was not only tasty, but fun!  They put a plastic cover on the table, and the crawfish came in plastic bags with the sauces and everything.  You just pour the bag out onto the table, and dig in.  I love making a mess with my food.  With the bib secured around my neck, I went to town on those poor crawfish.  Highlight of the night came when I found a grandfather crawfish.  I kid you not that thing is almost the size of my palm.  Poor guy lived for years without getting caught and now it's in my tummy. The chicken wings came and they were fantastic also.  They weren't breaded, just deep fried and then sauced.  It's not too much sauce where you get a mouthful of sauce before you even reach the chicken, and it wasn't too little that you can't taste anything.  It was just the right amount.  And yes, the fish sauce was surprisingly good with the wings, which went great with my beer. That was plenty of food for the two of us, and the bill wasn't bad.  The crawfish is market price and at the time, it was about about $8 a lb.  Isn't bad considering where else you can get fresh seafood for that price?  This was only my second crawfish experience but I was hooked.  And now I know the crawfish I had at the buffet this one time is not how it was supposed to taste.Waitress was nice and friendly, she taught me how to peel my crawfish so I can get more meat more quickly.  Definitely a fun and delicious place.  Next time I'll probably go back on a Thursday for their Thursday special.  Can't wait!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,11/1/2011,118,148,5,15,17>I want to go back to Sienna and very soon. The space is perfectly decorated. Fantastic light fixtures, a big, antique looking bar, amazing tables and chairs, and a collection of vintage stemware. I was smitten the moment we walked in the door. We sat by the window, and the 4 of us decided to order a bunch of snacks, including the wine infused salami, and cheese plate. My absolute favorite was the Sienna salad. The food was great. Simple, and bite-sized. I picked the white sangria for my cocktail, and wasn't at all disappointed.  My next trip to Sienna will most certainly have to include a tour of the dessert menu. Everything sounded so good, but we were on a time crunch, and super full from our snack attack.  Next time, next time.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,10/31/2011,61,101,6,6,4>Uber Sausage! If only we could get one on every corner. Springin up like medical marijuana shops and Starbucks. I have been buying sausages from their supplier (Continental sausage) and I have to say, it is an excellent product. The owners and staff are extremely friendly and open to suggest toppings and recommendations. Homemade chips are definitely worth adding to your order. The Swiss double and the Spicy Southwestern Brat are amazing. Thanks Fellas, here's to expanding!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,10/30/2011,500,166,3,13,10>Hungry? Hungary. Wait, what?Now don't be silly - if you're that peckish, why not pop down to South Pearl Street and sample the magnificent Magyar delights at Budapest Bistro? The restaurant's red-and-black color scheme is elegant, yet at the same time inviting, so sit yourself down and peruse the seasonal-themed offerings on their ever-changing menu.Kick things off with an order of the gargantuan fried-bread rounds called Lángos, served with plump garlic cloves and cool sour cream. Or you might like the chunky-tangy-spicy condiment called Lecsó, brimming with tomatoes, onions and red peppers. No, not all of their appetizers begin with "L", as Körözött (a spread made from creamy Liptai Túró cheese) ably demonstrates.OK, I see you eyeing the soups and salads. On my most recent visit, I was graced by a silky-smooth Tökleves (pumpkin soup), with just a touch of coconut milk and a dash of cayenne pepper. Or indeed, there's always the refreshing Uborka Saláta (diced cucumbers in a tarragon vinaigrette) if you're interested in sampling the greenery. But remember - you've still got to choose your main course. As expected, paprika finds its way into many recipes here, like the zingy Paprikás Csirke and the hearty Pörkölt. You may well know these two items better as Chicken Paprikash and Beef Goulash. (Interestingly, the word "goulash" comes from yet another Hungarian dish, Gulyás, which is similar to Pörkölt, but thinner - it's closer to a soup, in fact). Or what about a quick-fried pork loin in a mushroom and garlic reduction, a specialty of the southern town of Bugac?The aforementioned entrées come with a variety of sides, such as mashed potatoes, Nokedli (egg dumplings similar to German Spätzle), or different vegetable combinations. I'm still holding out hope that, if I behave nicely enough, I may one day see Tökfözelék (shredded zucchini with dill) on my plate.  Hope you saved room for dessert! How can you say "no" to a bite or three of Palacsinta (homemade pancake) with fillings of sweet cheese and raisins, tart raspberries, or decadent chopped walnuts? Or if you think you simply couldn't eat another morsel, why not tempt fate anyway, with a taste of the feather-light custard called Madártej.Well, I know your lips have been watering since you started reading this, so get yourself down to Budapest Bistro already. Egészségetekre!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,10/29/2011,288,412,1,6,8>I stopped by Glasscraft to pick up some glass for a friend. The place is a bit hard to find, but once you find it you'll always remember where it is. What a cool store. If you're into glassblowing or sculpture this place is a dream come true. I'm not into either, but I can certainly appreciate the craft. I enjoyed just looking at all the tools and colors of glass they offer. The girl that helped me was super cool and was able to find just what I was there to get. She even looked up my friends account and made a note of what I picked up for him. This is one awesome specialty shop! Check em' out.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,10/28/2011,59,173,1,8,6>If I were French, I'd give a resounding, "Oui!"I have not a complaint about this venue after meeting up with some fellow Yelpers before a show.  For one thing, I was early and had to sit solo for a bit, but that wasn't a bit of a problem considering the fare, the service and the atmosphere.The fare... delectable!  I enjoyed some shrimp cocktail, which were enormous and delightful, served with lemon and their incredible potato chips.  The never-ending bread basket sports an absolutely addictive butter spread with lemon and lime zest which I abashedly couldn't stop eating.  If their cocktails are all as good as the French Mojito I savored, and as strong, you're in for an excellent time!The waitstaff were all so welcoming and excellent at what they do!  Knowing I was waiting to join other patrons, and me not knowing them since we're online together, they kept an eye out for me and did a wonderful job ensuring we all found each other and were seated in a prime area for socializing.  They remained attentive and accommodating throughout the evening.The atmosphere is very nice but not elitist, so while you can take your love there for an intimate dinner, you can also enjoy what's on tap at the bar while watching the game.Very impressed, and I hope to take my husband here soon!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,10/26/2011,36,174,13,7,7>We had a family outing at The Wooden Table this evening. I'm surprised this is the first review, because the place was packed.Because we had a large party, we ordered a lot of different items off the menu and shared things around. For appetizers, we ordered the mussels and the fresh mozarella. The mussels were the clear winner, as they had a fresh taste and a delicious broth.For entrees, our party ordered the scallops, which were seared to perfection over a crispy baccala cake. Probably the best scallops we've had in a long time. The salmon was mild yet flavorful, and the flatiron steak was cooked to perfection. Two members of our party ordered pasta (bucatini and tortellini). All of the dishes were quite good, but we felt that the entrees were far and away the most creative. For dessert, I recommend the goat cheese tres leches.Apart from the food, we had some pretty interesting people-watching. In one sitting, we observed (in no particular order):- A newborn baby (no more than two weeks old) at the bar- A woman who forgot to remove the tag from her newly-purchased and soon-to-be-returned cocktail dress- A man eating pasta with his own pair of disposable chopsticksHow could we not go back?! Seriously, though, this is probably one of the more interesting new restaurants in South Denver in recent memory. Definitely give it a try.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2011,10/25/2011,119,122,7,6,6>The Larimer Lounge: a lovely little rat's nest to see a show. I've only been to two shows at the LL (and was part of the act in one), but both times have eventually broken into a sort-of drunken orgy of headbanging and illicit rubdowns. The Lounge isn't for everyone, but if you like a little danger with your rock and roll, it might just be for you.The bar is a highlight at the Larimer, as it boasts some of the best drink specials I've found in 5 Points. If my foggy memory serves correctly, a pint of New Belgium's finest will only set you back three dollars. Shop around, you can't beat that deal! The liquor selection is a little limited, but stick to beer and you're in the clear. I can't think of another rhyme to finish that ditty out, so really, just stick to the beer. The stage here is about knee-level: very intimate, and perfect for in-your-face punk or metal shows (which the Larimer has been known to host). Careful not to stand upfront at a rowdy show, lest you brought your shinguards. Sound seems okay, but getting a clear shot at the stage is every ticketholder for himself. The recently installed flatscreen tv helps give folks at the bar a better idea of what they're missing on stage. Meanwhile, the patio furniture outback offers a nice break from the sweaty interior during the warmer months. Speaking of nice breaks, careful you don't fall and crack your neck on the way upstairs to use the bathroom! The stairway...can be treacherous.For an unassuming pub like this, the service here is surprisingly kosher, in my experience. The bartenders are of the working class stripe, like most of the patrons and performers that grace the Larimer Lounge: let them do their jobs, and you'll find they're friendly enough. Major bonus points to the lady who helped me get back my misplaced phone and wallet (ask me about being a complete idiot!) the day after a particularly rowdy performance. Don't find that kind of honesty in this part of town very often.For all its grimy first impressions, perhaps the Larimer Lounge is modern proof that all that glitters really isn't gold. If you ask me, Denver needs more stage/dives like the Larimer. And maybe taller ceilings for the stringbeans among the crowd.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,10/24/2011,290,399,3,9,5>Can it be?? A fitness facility that quite possibly has everything that I am looking for in my workout routine? NO LONGER are the people of the Highlands a slave to 24hr!! I can tell you that there are ample shiny new, technologically amazing cardio machines for use, and the owners have already allocated space for more if necessary. Yes it is more expensive than the chain gyms, but I think the machines, amenities, and personal customer service will make it worth it.Here is what I love:towel service - because I always forget to bring oneiPod plug ins that charge you up while you work out local ownersno contract requiredopen 24/7yoga AND cycle classes YaY!lovely spa-feeling locker roomsSo far my only dislike is the parking over there is a nightmare because of all the other trendy and wonderful restaurants & shops over there. But overall, I'm very exited to go work out here again and again! Bravo James and crew!
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,10/23/2011,100,203,3,2,6>The happy hour drink specials caught my eye first.  Having ventured from Vine St Pub's block party, we were looking to keep our buzz going and grab a bite.  The food and drink combo made Park and Co perfect for both.  Unfortunately we missed happy hour and were unable to partake in the drink and a shot combo,so we resolved on a few local drafts.  Service was very attentive and forgiving of our indecisiveness.  We evetually settled on ordering the deviled eggs, bacon wrapped dates, and the Cubano.  Alright, the deviled eggs were almost par with my mother's, the bacon wrapped dates were obviously passable as the sweet and savory combo never fails, nor does anything with bacon, but it was the Cubano that was the knockout. The pork was fall apart tender and actually overflowed the sandwich.  Actually better than the Cubano's I had in Tampa just a few months before.  Great addition to Uptown that will hopefully dismiss me from having to settle on Uptown Tavern in the late hours.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,10/22/2011,128,109,4,5,3>Crema seriously makes the best basic cup of coffee I have had anywhere.  And at $2 you can just go back and refill it.  I've been known to drink .... more than a few while hanging out and knitting with a friend.Yes, the clientele is primarily hipster, but I am the furthest thing from and I am always made to feel welcome by the staff and Noah, the owner.The new food menu is a must try, I was already addicted to their toast and now you can chow down on some amazing specimens of breakfast burrito, quiche, banh mi, etc.  And the prices are outrageously good for the quality of the food.I just realized that this is my 100th review!  Totally appropriate that it is my favorite place in Denver!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,10/21/2011,175,262,6,9,8>For how big this place is, I think it's a five star bar and restaurant. I came in here for the first time back in September and sat down for a very early Friday happy hour drink complete with THE most delicious bar snacks I have ever had. I'm not kidding here! Myself and few teammates sat and talked with the bartender who we later found out was the owner, Margaret. She is fantastic and offered her place up for my rugby team to do a fundraiser. In fact, we have done two since then and she has let us guest bartend at both. Bar Car's "thing" is their guest bartenders and it's such a genius idea. Their Jonesy's fries are amazing and a great addition because the first time my friends and I went there, there wasn't any food and we all got ridiculously intoxicated from 7pm-2am. It was a glorious night. Great music on the jukebox and a nice beer selection. Next we came they had their fries and the Thai ones made everyone's night. I still have to go back for another Happy Hour and order from the full menu. I also love Nico, the coolest bartender, and the cool decor in the place. It all just fits inside the teeny tiny area.That next morning we surprisingly were able to get out of bed and headed down to Jonesy's for brunch....
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,10/20/2011,94,314,2,4,3>An interesting style of pizza I was not familiar with.  Chicago thin crust.  The sauce is less sweet, the toppings distribution was good and the crust crispy.  This place is so small you probably won't want to book your company party here, but you might see about ordering some pies for take-out or delivery.  Located in the Sante Fe art district, Belemonti's is in good company with Taco De Mexico and Arada just up the street.  Parking can be tricky in this area, so plan accordingly.  Two varieties of lunch special are available and they have Boylan sodas.  Nicely done Belemonti.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,10/19/2011,22,562,6,8,6>This is a build-your-own-cup-of-yogurt place with a rotating selection of frozen yogurt flavors to choose from.  Grab a cup, fill with desired amount of yogurt.Select from various topping dispensers or from the bar that includes candy bar pieces, cereal, nuts, fruits. Godiva syrups (chocolate/caramel), and other goodies.This place is perfect for someone like me who enjoys only the smallest bit of frozen yogurt.  I can get just the right amount and a light topping for $2 since it is charged by weight.I am a huge frozen yogurt fan and am happy to see so many new places popping up around town.  I hope that Smart Cow might consider changing it's spoons though - they are too deep and too long which causes excess yogurt to run down and make them sticky.  Maybe a standard smaller plastic spoon would work best :o)We'll definitely be frequenting this spot!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,10/18/2011,73,96,5,6,7>Strange Brew, best beer movie ever. Strange Brewing, best brewery in Denver? Maybe! The wifey and I went on their opening day, and it was pretty fantastic. For some reason though, we never went back until just last week. What were we thinking?The brewery is still awesome, and they have now expanded their lineup from 3 beers to more like 12 (depending on what they've got going when you go in) We tried most of them, and there was not one we disliked, and most all of them were quite amazing!After getting tasters of all the beers, we settled on the Cherry Chocolate Stout and the IPA. (I love all beer, but I love IPA most of all!) These two did not disappoint. Think of the cherry chocolate stout as a Guiness making out with a cherry cordial. Yum. Their mainline IPA is really delicious too, having more of the 'fruity' hop taste that I love, not relying solely on the more bitter end of the hop spectrum. One other thing to note, Strange works with the fabulous Hops & Pie on Tennyson to make their house beer "Hops & PiePA" which is not quite the same as Strange's regular IPA, but equally delicious.Strage, I will surely be back, keep up the brew!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,10/17/2011,33,45,4,4,2>Chicago Mike's, Where have I been? This little gem is so close to home and I had no idea it was even there. I feel like I should to be punished for overlooking this place.Two Words - "Big Beef". Oh, and one more word - Amazing! It's hard to find a good Italian Beef sandwich in Centennial and the surrounding areas, hell, its hard to find a good Italian Beef anywhere in Colorado! I was fortunate this evening because I found a very good one just down the road. The beef was so tender and juicy, the peppers (hot and sweet) were right on target and the roll was soft and chewy all at the same time. And to get it all wet in their outstanding Au jus just put the whole thing right over the top. Delizioso! =]My wife had the Wisconsin Brat with kraut and loved it as well, or so she said, I had a real hard time paying attention to her for about 15 minutes or so, all I could think about was the dripping, beefy goodness I was shoving into my pie hole.I want to go back tomorrow but they are closed on Sunday so I guess I'll have to wait, but it will be worth it I have no doubt. The menu is huge, they have so much to offer. I want to try everything.Thanks Chicago Mike, you made my day! =]-MK
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2011,10/16/2011,186,551,6,5,5>I'm not going to get into the whole North Side vs. South Side thing when it comes to Indian food.  I think they both have their highs and lows, even though I claim to be a North Sider from Chicago.  The soapbox has now been stepped off.I'd heard a number of people tell me great things about Masalaa, so I was pretty stoked to meet a bunch of fellow Yelpers for lunch here one day for the buffet.  First off, I'm not a vegetarian.  Secondly, I knew this was a vegetarian place and was looking forward to trying out a number of vegetarian options.  Thirdly, if I was a vegetarian, I'd cook Indian food every day because I had no idea vegetarian food could be so flippin flavorful.  Fourthly, I have no recollection of what I ate as I'm not familiar with many of the names and didn't write them down.  My bad.  Fifthly, I'd say that the majority of buffet items were also specified as gluten free.We'll start with the dosas.  Each person gets a dosa with the buffet and you have a choice between some kind of dosa and a Masala Dosa - it's an Indian crepe with a bit of spicy potato filling in the middle.  You either have to crush it to spread out the potato filling, or just enjoy the crepe til you get to the middle.  Whatever you do, it's a damn tasty treat.   Next up were some kind of fritters which I believe were the Malai Kofta Curry or Aloo Bonda, but probably not.  Anyway, the fritters were awesome.   The next memorable dish was a chickpea dish which may have been the Channa Masala, but probably not.  Anyway, the chickpea dish was delicous although I'm an admitted Indian chickpea dish fan.  The final memorable dish was a gravy which may have been Aloo Mutter, but probably not.  Anyway, this was fabulous and one of the few dishes I had seconds of.  The basmati rice was cooked well also.So, this review is probably not helpful at all, but if you're a vegetarian, feel like taking a break from meat or an Indian food fan...I highly recommend Masalaa.  I guess the South Side isn't so bad after all.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,10/15/2011,40,46,4,10,6>Denver is known for many things. Altitude, Red Rocks Amphitheater. Things to do here when you're dead. And fine winemaking.For reals.Just shy of two years ago my love of monkeys and a perfectly light Riesling collided in a gorgeously silk screened bottle. It was and remains a favorite, ripe peach sweet and green apple tart with a tiny lime bite that sticks in the back of your throat long after a swallow.And it's made in downtown Denver at The Infinite Monkey Theorem (IMT) "urban winery." Seriously, in a converted Quonset hut behind an indistinct beige building that quietly sits at the intersection of "Warehouse" and "Biker Bar" near Santa Fe. This is no snuffy, huffy Napa winery and Ben Parsons doesn't come across as your average winemaker, more mad scientist and marketing genius than grape-stomper. He both makes (the majority of his grapes come from Palisades on the western slope) and bottles the wine himself (follow him on Facebook and he'll invite you down to bottle and label whatever is ready to go.) Local hipster read, 5280 Magazine recently did an interesting piece on this interesting Brit in which they call him charismatic. I prefer "cheeky," a high compliment in my book. Met him and had the chance to chat at two dinners he's hosted; Parsons fully embraces the Denver food community, regularly hosting wine dinners at amazing and also local-owned eateries. Last year at a heart soaring rosé dinner we had the opportunity to barrel taste a cloudy Muscat; a year later at another dinner we ended the meal with the final fermented results. Currently available only at the hut on Santa Fe, a field trip is planned in the very near future to procure a bottle. Or six. The Black Muscat 2009 drinks like a super casual and friendly port, sweet and amber in color.You can buy IMT wines right out of the downtown hut or locally in a growing list of liquor stores (check the web site). I also find it on more and more restaurant wines lists. Prices run $20-$50, but spots like Westminster Total Beverage (so worth the trip north) often shave a few bucks off that.Just this week we emptied a bottle of the Albariño at home, alongside a sage and savory sweet potato bisque, topped with smoky bacon crumbles and salad dressed in feta, capers and lemon. The grapefruit and tart acidity of pear complemented it perfectly. Big bang for the buck (around $20ish) is The Blind Watchmaker (keeping cheeky sensibilities firmly in cheek, Parsons has christened two blends with monikers equally intriguing as the name of his winery, this blend and 100th Monkey - Google both.) This fantastical red goes with pretty much any meal. Even popcorn.But my favorite IMT of the moment, hands down is the Syrah. Not being a super wine encyclopedia I call it, "Big and deep and plummy and happy to my soul." And that's all kinds of good.**If you're impressed by such things, Wine Spectator bestowed a rating of 87 on IMT's Syrah, a tie for the highest mark ever bestowed on a local wine.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,10/14/2011,48,105,6,5,5>Yummy, Yummy, Authentic Thai Food, Batman!Since I left Englewood, I must admit, I miss this place. It is definitely worth a special trip back. Their food is fantastic! You never leave hungry, and it is always reasonably priced.They have lots of great vegetarian options, if you decide to swing that way. The ingredients are fresh and always scrumptious. Nothing is ever even remotely greasy. Even the non-vegetarian options are vegetable rich, so you can eat as much as you want and never feel any pangs of food guilt. :)I haven't had a chance to taste the Flu Shot soup yet. They serve it seasonally, and the season is nearly upon us. Definitely going to check that out.If you decide to go, be sure to check their hours first. They usually close between lunch and dinner.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,10/13/2011,315,429,7,10,8>I finally made it to Trompeau's brand spankin' new location on Broadway and boy, what a great move!Clear and large store front with ample parking.  Granted there's a median on this part of South Broadway, but the extra navigation is well worth it to access this gem.Warm, inviting colors adorn the walls, as well as the old location's quaint pictures.  Several more tables, topped off with the same charming tablecloths, grace the large, open space of the cafe side of the bakery.  Aside from the change in location, this is the Trompeau that I have come to love and crave over the last few years.  Authentic, nay! perfect French pastries and baked goods are served up here:  pain au chocolat, various chausons, croissants, quiches, baguettes, and madelelines. With the amount of people who frequent Trompeau, this new space is very welcomed!  My only complaint is that the move increases the distance between Trompeau and me.  But this is very tolerable, for the move and larger space equates to their continued and well-deserved success!Trompeau, vous êtes toujours la meilleure boulangerie à Denver!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,10/12/2011,175,855,3,5,3>Comfy, upscale, old school cigar bar. Picture it: Oversized worn in leather couches and arm chairs, along with some tables/chairs, a big bar and large humidor. It is floor to ceiling wood, leather and cigars. It works. Great ventilation system (translation no clouds of smoke lingering in the room). Fantastic service. You can order from the Palace Arms menu, but if you want free eats they will bring you stuffed olives (blue cheese), smoked almonds and Cajun mix if you need something to nibble with you drink and stogie. Awesome experience!
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,10/11/2011,174,419,7,18,7>This place is NOT for you if you have a problem with / dislike for / aversion to:1.) strangers touching your face (because it will get touched)2.) having your feet touched (especially if you're super ticklish)3.) a massage that is not Swedish4.) group settings5.) getting smacked around a bit (I'll explain)6.) a language barrier that may prevent you from communicating your pressure thresholds (just breathe through it, I say!)7.) no noticeable sanitation protocols"Well that was weird..." was the first thing that I said to The Dude when we got to the car.  But weird is not bad, mind you.  It's just ...different.  My neck, shoulders, and back being almost as broke as I am from spending 80% of my life sitting in a damn desk, I thought I'd give a $25 hour-long massage a go.  Glad I did, but not sure I'd do it again when I'm having trigger points of this severity.  That is, it's good for a bargain pamper hour, but they do not specialize in trouble areas (if that's what you need).Yes, they touch your face.  Yes you'll get lotion in your freshly washed hair (probably even if you pull it back).  Yes they do things to your feet that if you're ticklish will probably send you to the moon.  Yes they'll smack and slap things (palm, gastrocnemius, bottom of foot...).  Yes you'll be in the same (dark) room with whoever else happens to be getting their massage.  Yes it'll be hard not to laugh the first time you hear someone else getting something slapped.  Yes they'll change the towel and the blanket and the paper face pillow cover thing, but no it does not appear they wipe anything down after they're done.  In their defense they may have done this after we left but hey, I'm down for a little immune system challenge so whatever.Will I visit again?  Most certainly.  I just won't visit when I need major work done to just mostly my back.  Which, they do work on, just not to the extent of the Swedish massage, for example.  Still, a hell of a deal and a great experience to try at least once.P.S. The lady taking payment told me they prefer cash or check over credit cards, FYI.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,10/10/2011,809,1185,5,8,6>Jack-N-Grill your lucky I rounded up on this occasion. Service was a little lacking towards the end of the meal. Asking for water refills more than once and still not getting them was a little disappointing, Now that I got that off my chest. FYI - this place was featured on Man vs. Food for their huge burritos, 7lbs. I think - Yikes, no thanks unless I am coming with 10 other people. Might be worth a shot some day. The friend I went with recommended the Burgers, said they were amazing so I went with his choice and we both got the Classic Cheese Burgers. I don't know if there is a word to describe how big these burgers were. They were ginormous! Size of my head I am pretty sure. The burger was thick and cooked perfectly (by the way you don't get a choice - your choice is cooked!). The bun was humongous, the toppings were solid. We both got the onion rings and fri combo. Both were equally good. **The frozen Margarita was solid. Not too big, not too small, JUST RIGHT! (I felt like Goldie Locks just then...LOL) I would love to come back here and try the other options on the menu. I will be back. I have already told a multitude of friends about this place to encourage them to go.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,10/9/2011,614,1007,10,9,8>So, I think I love this place.I am the Donkey Kong high score holder right now. Don't hate!I also got my ass kicked in Mortal Combat numerous times by Mary Mary, but that's OK, I'd never actually played it before.Ms Pac Man, Tron, 1942, Joust, pinball out the hoohaw and skeeball. There were random tables of lifesized Jenga as well.This is heaven for kids like me, raised in the 80's.I know where I'm having my "hot tub time machine" birthday party.The food seemed overpriced and non-descript, meaning there were burgers and wings and BLT's, but nothing specialty - oriented.If I had a gamer bar, I would have gamer food. Pac Man burgers with tomatoes, guacamole and sloppy joes. You know, shit you can only get at my bar and that's what you love about it. "Out of this Galaga", hot wings with turbo sauce - OWN IT!The patio's are a bit disappointing as neither really catch sun, and are truly too slender to hold the number of people that were wandering about this place, but that's ok. It's a great bar, with a great theme, and cheap beer. Holla!Oh, and Mad Dog shots. What?!yeah
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,10/8/2011,306,629,4,11,7>My fiancé and I got take-out at Rock-N-Dogs tonight so we could eat sausage at home and watch the Broncos game.  I was really impressed with their menu-- they have a huge variety of sausages and specialty toppings, and all sausages come with a side and are still less than $6.He had the New York dog (grilled onion and of course mustard only) with a spicy Italian sausage on a pretzel bun.  He said the sausage was a actually nice and spicy and loved the bun.  I had an apple bratwurst with grilled onions.  It had a great flavor and big chunks of apple inside.  I picked coleslaw for my side and loved it, but he said the potato salad had a bit of an odd flavor to it.  Other side options included fries, pasta salad, onion rings, etc.  There's a few options on the menu that are healthier but they're pretty much an afterthought.  Don't go here if you're dieting.Currently, they've decorated with rock n' roll paraphenelia and don't have a TV.  I think they would do better (especially at night) if they had TVs and tried to be a sports bar.  I can't speak for dine-in service, but the girl at the counter was helpful and patient with me when I changed my mind multiple times and had questions about the menu.Yummy sausage close to home for cheap?  I'm a fan!
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,10/7/2011,138,353,3,10,7>Came to the Highland Tap recently with some buddies for the last day of our football pool celebration. Or...we would have...if gambling were legal...After much fanfare I was happy to try the Highland tap. My Cousin had been several times so I'd heard awesome things from him, and of course the Yelp Reviews were all top notch. It was also good to see another great addition to the LoHi food scene, something of the more blue-collar intended, but white-collar created food. With reasonable prices all over (and a phenomenal beer selection that I avoided as I'm not drinking for 2 months) I decided on just a simple bacon cheddar burger that came with a side of fries. The burger came out a little under done, though I wasn't asked at what temperature I wanted it cooked. I was slightly disappointed in that; the burger was less tasty, a little more greasy and runny because of it.  I prefer my burgers medium well, but again, was never asked and I didn't specify. The fries though....oh my god the fries are incredible. Hand-cut, homemade fries done to perfection. They were the absolute high point of the meal, though it's worth mentioning that by saying "bacon cheddar burger" they don't mean a burger with cheddar that may have half a slice of bacon on it -- these guys put BACON on their burger. Just top-notch.I was there with a fluid group of 3-8 people or so, and the server was awesome. She was on top of every single order, and didn't get anything wrong, even though the place was absolutely packed and she probably had 7-8 tables. She was also willing to split the check a million times, letting people pay for just their own things, etc. Most places will split checks for you, but I just felt like the enthusiasm and positive attitude she had while taking care of us and splitting checks and everything was awesome -- probably deserving more than the 30% tip I left her.  Heck, all I drank was water all day and she still paid attention to me and filled my glass about a dozen times. I can think of a dozen bars I'd go to in Denver where if I just ordered water I'd get ignored and have to constantly ask for refills. I don't remember our servers name, unfortunately, but she was short, had curly black hair, and had a tattoo of Le Chat Noir on her left arm.Overall I was impressed with The Highland Tap. They've got a great looking menu filled with awesome local, fresh & homemade ingredients. I'm already excited for my non-drinking spell to be over so I can go back and get a healthy-sized dinner of beer more beer and maybe food.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,10/6/2011,20,66,3,9,5>Deciding to no longer suffer the terrible customer service and high prices of VCA Alameda East (see my review if you're curious) I found Denver Animal Hospital.  I was hesitant to see Dr. Berman because my dog warms up more quickly to women than men, but I decided to give him a try anyway.  I'm so happy!  I love the tiny neighborhood office, I love that they can get me an appointment a day or two from when I call, and I love that my dog's prescriptions are ready a few hours from when I call. The vet tech is knowledgeable and the office staff is super friendly.  I am happy that they let me stay in the room during shots and nail-clippings. I hate having my dog taken, shaking and scared, to a back room somewhere and not knowing what's going on.  The doctor and his staff are really inclusive and informative.  They also don't make you feel bad if you ask for the cheapest medicine option available, and they're quick to offer up the generic instead of pushing the brand names.  With a dog rapidly approaching her senior years, I'm sure I'm going to be frequenting the vet more and more often. I'm SO glad I found this place.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,10/5/2011,40,133,4,6,5>FINALLY!  A thai restaurant that has passed the pad see ew test....and with flying colors.  How is it such a simple dish of flat rice noodles can be so difficult to master?  One has too many onions..another diseased with red pepper flakes...and yet another one that comes in an infant size portion?As we walked in the Thai House and surveyed the menu, I asked my boyfriend what he was ordering.  Pad see ew.  Me too.  One with chicken.  One with pork.  "Let's see if it passes the test!"  he says.  Not to be overwhelmed by pepper flakes again I ask for medium heat and was pleased to see that the peppers were not the huge ladybug flakes but properly grounded to flecks.  The sauce was incredible and the veggies crunchy and not overcooked.   Both chicken and pork were cut in small size portions so you can always get some noodles in with each bite.At last, I can let out a burp of relief as I have found the thai place to eat!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,10/4/2011,25,139,4,7,7>Mmmmm meat in tube form! I want more! I will admit that I don't venture outside my Highlands bubble enough, but Five Points is a new hood worth exploring. We came in here on Sunday night to use a Westword Daily Deal. We walked in at 10 to 8 and realized that they were just closing. I hate being that asshole that comes in at the last minute and holds up everything, but we had taken a cab to come specifically here and the employees graciously said they would still serve us so we found a table on the spacious patio. I already knew that I wanted the Tijuana dog and my fiancé ordered the spicy Italian sandwich. As soon as our food came out we dug in. At first I just wanted to eat fast so we could let them close, but that avocado, bacon, sour cream deliciousness was impossible to put down. The only table conversation was "Holy shit this is good!." I was able to steal a couple bites of the spicy Italian and it was the perfect blend of cheesy, beefy and spicy peppers. As we were leaving my fiancé told Billy that he hadn't had Italian beef that good since Mr. Beefs in Chicago. We will be definitely be back to stuff our faces again!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,10/2/2011,35,88,10,7,7>This place is the coolest!!!  I was headed to go pick up some friends, and my car was an absolute disaster.  I don't clean my care for myself, but I do it as a common courtesy for people who have to ride with me.So I was driving surface streets, convinced I would just run into a car wash eventually.  Sure enough my serendipitous car adventure yielded spectacular results after passing up numerous self-serve car washes.  There was no way I was going to get out of my car, get change from a quickie mart, get 5.00 worth of quarters, and then sweat my butt off washing my own car in 95 degree heat.  It just wasn't going to happen.The line for this place spoke volumes about it's popularity and effectiveness, and while that could have been a bad thing like some car washes I know on broadway, this line was moving at lightning speeds!  They were stacking cars on top of cars.  There was less than 2 inches from my front bumper to the car in front of me.... these guys were pros for guiding us into this merry bathing car experience.Whirling brushes, frothing foam, and air dry jets that literally blow your car right off the track seduced the dirt right off my vehicle.... but wait... it gets better....You get to vacuum your car with industrial strength carpet cleaners in the shade of their building!  There's no need to sweat... this place makes it so easy.  I blasted my AC, and vacuumed my car as long as I needed without running over to the machine to feed it another 1.25 in quarters.THIS PLACE WILL ROCK YOUR CAR!  I would purposely drive out of my way to get my car cleaned again at this place... you have to check it out if you're in the area, my yelpin' friends.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,10/1/2011,52,137,5,6,4>Oh J's Noodles, how I love you and how you torture me with that love. I have a conflicted relationship with J's Noodles. The country pad thai and the tom yum soup are magical here. Authentic Thai style with perfectly balanced flavors with just the right amount of heat. Love, love, love.Unfortunately, I have a food intolerance to something they use in the cooking here. For me, my love is returned as a slap in the face later and I've learned to be very very sorry. Thus, no J's Noodles for me. (BIG NOTE: this appears to be a true food allergy/intolerance particular to me - I haven't spoken to anyone else who has ever had problems with this restaurant. Also note - I've had problems with other Thai restaurants in the past but haven't been able to identify what the substance I react to is. Stupid traitorous body). So celebrate the fact that you DON'T have this problem, and go enjoy a big plate of country pad thai for me. I'll be busy sobbing in the corner with envy.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2011,9/30/2011,25,154,9,6,5>You can wear your lid, bring your kid and spend only a few quid.The music is bumpin', the crowd is thumpin', and the o-rings are sumthin'.Go early to beat the crowd, be prepared for loud and and don't drive if you're plowed.And the burgers are good, but everyone already said that.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,9/29/2011,42,207,3,8,4>On a hot summer's day, what's better than some good Mexican food paired with some great Marg's - oh and the Woman's World Cup Final on multiple TV's (don't get me started on the ultimate score though).Machete's is definitely NOT your run of the mill mexican joint, nor is it some high end mexican fusion wanna be.  It is authentic and fresh.  The food is novel for the Americanized mexican eater - open faced platters with cactus, juicy meat, and authentic cheese (just can't spell that oax.... cheese - so authentic seems like a good way to describe ;).The drink menu is phenomenal as is their Tequilla list - HOLY SHISH KA BOB . . . there is literally hundreds of choices!Like the vibe, like the layout, and like the food - it's a winner!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,9/28/2011,95,693,6,8,5>They don't get many virgins at Vinnola's.We went for lunch (with a Groupon) today and we were obviously the only first-time customers there. This wonderful little market and restaurant appears to be a Wheat Ridge institution. Everyone else knew exactly what they wanted.I found the menus to be somewhat confusing. There is the Pepsi menu up high on the wall. And, then the yellow menu below that. And, then they hand you a laminated piece of paper with Lunch Specials, And, there is the whiteboard. In spite of this confusion in my tiny brain, we managed to order very good food.Sausage sandwich with peppers is a classic example of the genre. The bread was perfect for absorbing the accompanying marinara sauce.Reuben was quite good. I know it is not Italian, but I love them and, for me, they are good test item. I was very happy with the thinly-sliced meat. Tender and no gristle nor fat.The service is super friendly.We wandered around after lunch and spent more money of pasta, pasta sauce, cannoli and gelato.What they need to make it 5 stars:1. Wi-Fi that actually connects to the InnerTubes. Free Wi-Fi disconnected from the outside world is not very useful.2. Beer.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,9/27/2011,80,442,5,6,5>Quite possibly my new favorite place. I've been twice and will be back many times. I've tried the Park and the italian, both rocked!Fried Egg, Fancy meat and cheese. Nom nom nomThese guys are great, and we need to see them succeed. Plus if the mood strikes while you wait for your sandwich you can go get your hair braided. Just sayin'The only downside, is that it's pretty much take and go. There's one table, both times it was occupied. Not a huge deal, my office is nearby but still.I can't wait to go for coffee in the morning or get a milk shake with lunch.All the ingredients are fresh and tasty. Great work!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,9/26/2011,459,806,4,5,10>My husband and our friend were eating at Jonesy's, and we needed some dessert. I knew D Bar was nearby, but decided to give Olivea a try. When we arrived, they were kind and sat us right away, even though it was quite late on an off night, and it wouldn't have surprised me if they had stopped serving. My husband ordered the chocolate and salted caramel tart, and our friend ordered the chocolate hazelnut dacquoise, but I decided to just get a drink, and ordered the French Greyhound. When my drink came, I have to admit, it was just to floral for me. The lavender was way stronger than I was expecting and it sorta tasted like soap. Well, actually, to me it really tasted like soap. When our waiter asked me how it was I sort of said, "the lavender flavor is stronger than I expected, but it's growing on me," which was true. I saw our waiter go to the bar, and I swore at first they were snickering about my obviously horrible palate. Little did I know, that our server was going above and beyond. He came by a few minutes later and said, "So, I got the impression you weren't thrilled with your cocktail, and since you ordered a vodka cocktail, I took the liberty of asking the bartender to make you an Ophelia with vodka." I thanked him and was really impressed, and then I tried the drink. It is typically Tanqueray, lemon, rosemary and a bit of sparkling water, but they made mine with vodka. Holy God this drink is incredible. Absolutely amazing. Savory, smooth, citrusy, absolutely incredible. It made me happy to be alive and have taste-buds, to be honest, and not many beverages can do that. Oh, and yeah, those desserts that my friends ordered. They were pretty incredible too. I was pretty darned happy with my choice of "dessert," but theirs were pretty great too. The dacquoise had a great crispiness and hazelnut flavor, and boy oh boy was the salted caramel tart good. Addicting, rich, complex, smooth, crunchy, just really amazing. But, to be honest, next time I'd be just as happy to stick with my Ophelia, that was a definite dessert unto itself.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,9/25/2011,120,341,3,8,6>Five stars for passover food.  Yes, good eatin' can be done during this holiday.  Great turkey breast, good gefilte fish (homemade) and that potato kugel was so rich!  It was busy during food pick up, but the line went quickly.  That brownie looked so good, maybe next year.  Be sure to order ahead,  Don't expect to get everything you want the day before passover by just walking in.  They have matzo balls, lox, apple kugel, carrot tzimmes, and per owner the musts are: whipped butter, kishka and brownies.  And they also have many passover grocery items such as matzo, ketchup and get the jelly!I ate a black and white cookie before sundown, but I do prefer the previous vendor's, whoever that was.  Thanks much and see you again this weekend.  We want to try the passover menu.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,9/23/2011,197,231,12,11,9>Whoa.  This place has struck gold.  Turns out the formula for gold is :Delicious comfort food X (huge whiskey selection + the best beer selection I've seen in denver) = GOLD!!!!!Seriously though, this place has ambience to spare, a great bar area, a nice staff and one helluva pulled pork sandwich.  Eat it.  Now. Oh and no big deal, but they brine their fried chicken over night in buttermilk...  Get off me.I plan to frequent this joint as much as humanly possible.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,9/22/2011,389,548,13,11,12>This place sure has changed since it first opened!  My first visit was about two and half years ago.  It wasn't terrible...it just wasn't exciting.  The food was served on paper plates, the only menu was behind the bar and the food was sort of boring.Now the menu is HUGE, they serve you on real plates, and the ambience has changed for the better.Happy hour runs for awhile, 3-6:30 and includes genuinely tasty margaritas for around $5, and queso and Mexican pizza each for $5.  Both appetizers are decent sized and the queso comes with a hearty helping of jalepenos and cilantro (yes, please!) to mix in.  The Mexican pizza has a fried flour tortilla base and is loaded with taco salad fixins (beans, chile, lettuce, cheese, and pico).  Two appetizers were more than enough for the boyfriend and I.  Tasty chips too.The wait staff seemed genuinely pleased that we were there.  Our server always had a big smile on his face.Just a couple of downsides: the bar stools are really close together and because they're fashioned out of what appeared to be former metal tractor seats, are really cold if you're wearing a skirt or shorts.  Also (and our group made several mentions of this) the baby changing table in the women's restroom looks like it could do double time as a torture device.  Metal art is "hip" and all of the but ouch!  Hooks? Chains?  No wonder the Highland Mommies change their babies on restaurant tables (I kid).All in all, tasty food and drink and great servers.  If I want Mexican food that's not covered in grease and yellow cheese and margs that are not primarily sweet and sour mix, I'll head here.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,9/21/2011,246,749,4,8,11>Well, timing really is everything, and mine is terrible! By the time I finally got around to checking out Bump & Grind, it's doors were closed forever :( But, imagine my elation when LivingSocial let me know there was a new drag brunch in town! It was hot, hot, hot, but we braved the patio because it looked so inviting. Our server must have agreed with us on the temperature, because she went from scantily clad to roaming the deck in just a wig, bra & panties, ha ha! Those Tilted Kilt girls ain't got NOTHIN on these ladies! The biscuits and gravy was spicy! Just spicy enough to encourage much champagne drinking ;) In fact, during brunch, they have a Champagne Bucket special, a bottle of champagne and mixers for only $10! Nice! In fact, brunch for two and champagne bucket was under $30. The prices here are very reasonable. The fabulous drag queens were attentive servers and proceeded to prance around the deck, dance occasionally and flirt with the clientele. It was so much fun! I am SO setting up a MeetIn brunch event here ;)
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,9/20/2011,217,97,6,5,4>I reviewed this in a hurry, but I feel Hoss needs a proper review.I have been going here for years, probably about the time my ex-wife packed up her stuff and left for DC.   She and I didn't really explore the neighborhood much, and when I saw this place, I was rather interested.  This was all before the great kitchen fire of 2010ish.So, I go.I have some steak.  I have some bbq.I have some wings.I DO NOT WEIGH 300 POUNDS.  All were quite tasty.For some odd reason, Hoss likes giving me alcohol.  He has given me shots on several visits.  His brother, without even having any idea of who I am (because I am obviously a big deal), allowed my brother and I to take a peek at their beautiful custom made smoker.  This place is great, friendly, happy.  Get the fried green tomatoes.Get the 14 minute wings.And try the ribeyes.Also, the sausage is pretty good as well.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,9/19/2011,58,452,1,8,4>Sweet home apple bourbon crepes. Waffles topped with homemade granola, blueberry pancakes, omelets and eggs galore. The menu is promising and I have high hopes for Wild Eggs. I have to however base my review on the food I ordered. My cousin and I arrived around 8:30 AM and it was already 3/4 full - we were seated promptly after being given our choice of the counter, a booth or table which was nice as well. There is plenty of seating and the decor is light and airy and egg-centric with a cute installation of a lucite box filled with speckled eggs - you can see it in one of the pics posted. The service was excellent - they were well staffed and knowledgeable of the very detailed menu. (Turns out they had an intense 10 day training and it showed). Our waitress, Katie, was very attentive and checked in on us frequently but not annoyingly... she started by offering us a free sample of the grits of the day with caramelized onion and bacon and 1 other ingredient I forget because she had me at bacon... Katie went on to tell us that you can ask for samples of many of their items including the gravy, flavored syrups and the savory muffin - bonus for that. I started with the fresh squeezed orange juice which had very little pulp - the way I prefer it and was a decent size for $3.49. Cousin Jean got the coffee which was $2.49 with free refills. An added plus is they keep the carafe on the table along with a water pitcher. I have a bacon problem so I decided to go with the "ACE" of a "BLT". Avocado, cheddar, egg, bacon lettuce and tomato served on sour dough and a side of potatoes. To break it down: avocado - a good portion, cheddar - thick and flavorful, egg - served over medium, bacon - 4 strips of apple wood smoked and yum-tastic, lettuce - shredded, tomato - red and juicy, sourdough - nicely toasted. The problem: it was very hard to maneuver and the cold ingredients were so cold it quickly cooled down the rest of the sandwich making it luke warm. The potatoes seemed store bought and had no flavor. Not a bad sandwich but not a great one - all of the components are there and I think they can improve the BLT easily. $9.99 for a large sandwich with a nice presentation (see pic). Cousin Jean had the chicken enchiladas (see pic) they were topped with scrambled eggs, sour cream and green onions and served with a side of grits. The dish was not spicy but was served with an assortment of hot sauces so you could add your own heat factor. $10.99 and there is an offer of fresh ground pepper too. I have little experience with grits but they were light and fluffy and flavorful and I look forward to trying more. I also was intrigued by coco's chocolate concoction waffles served with Bonnie Brae ice cream. One of the partners came out and talked with us at length about their business model and how yes they would be looking to partner with more locals for their produce etc. The menu is extensive with witty titles and I will definitely be going back soon and trying their pancakes/waffles/crepes.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,9/18/2011,336,514,5,7,8>The dork in me LOVES this place.The nerd in me LOVES this place.The student in me LOVES this place.The kid in me LOVES this place.The museum geek in me LOVES this place.Basically, every time I come here, I have fun & can spend countless hours getting wisked away in far off places. Everything from Space Odyssey, Far East creatures exhibits & Dinosaurs to the Hall of Life, Egypts tombs & more stirs my imagination and spurs creativity causing an insane amount of fun, all in one day.Although it's been quite some time since I've been here, I still love this place. The staff is nice & helpful, the museum itself is nice & clean and you can't go wrong with an IMAX show :)basically, the 5 different sides of me agree = 5 stars!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,9/17/2011,263,617,3,6,6>Had a 5 star meal at TAG last night and wanted you to know about it . . .. Have been there multiple times for some 4 star lunches, but eating there for dinner turns out to be a star better experience. Started out with a homemade tonic in an excellent G&T. Our server, Jorge, encouraged us to experiment, so we picked an appetizer, a sushi roll, a salad, an entree, and a dessert, and split each one, for a wonderful 5 course equivalent of a tasting menu at lower than tasting menu prices (with several glasses of wine thrown in along the way). Each course was a wonderful surprise. The seafood dumplings were as good as the ones at my favorite Denver dumpling spot (Lao Wang's on So. Federal). The sushi roll with raw Kobe beef topping and crab and shrimp and other goodies inside, topped with smokey something sauce that was superb (as good as any roll at Sushi Den). An excellent salad provided a great set-up for the African Black Ruff entree. Couldn't have been better prepared (even if we didn't have a friggin' clue what an African Black Ruff would look like:) (turns out it's also called a black sea bass native to the shores of . . . you guessed it . . . Africa).Dessert--the "Chocolate thang"--along with a decaf cappuccino finished the night off perfectly. A "couldn't-be-better" high-end dining experience for sure.  Was this cheap, you ask? Ha-ha, I laugh in your silly face. No. This wasn't cheap. After a hefty tip the bottom line came to almost 200 smackers. But was it worth it, you inquire? Well, let's put it this way . . . a) my honey and I were celebrating that my 10 years of alimony payments were ending; b) in consideration of fact "a," we drank a weeeee too much; and c) TAG couldn't have provided a better setting or more delicious meal. So, the answer is . . . you absolutely positively bet it was worth every cent!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,9/16/2011,160,314,4,6,3>So the boyfriend decided to be nice and try another one of my "savage" (aka to him - eat with hands, not forks) restaurants.  I was really craving Middle Eastern, but this restaurant came up in my search on Yelp so decided to try it out.We walk in and the customers are so friendly.  One greeted us so I thought he was the owner, but he politely told me nope! The owner walked out from the back with a huge smile on his face and a big welcome. When he found out that we had 1) never been to his restaurant, 2) never been to Africa, and 3) never had African food, he got so excited and went through every single menu with us (and there were 3).  He recommended two dishes: jollaf rice (tomato sauce based rice) + fried plantains + chicken  AND fufu (some kind of ground plantain doughy thing) with peanut butter soup and goat.I have to say: both dishes were delicious! Goat is a little funky. He told me I wouldn't die and yes, I didn't die.. but texture was weird.  We were also apparently supposed to eat the Fufu with our hands.  It looked like soup to me, so we made do with fork/spoon. He came by and delightedly pointed out that we were doing a great job "making do" with our fork/spoon method.  "What?! It's too hot to eat with our hands!" He just laughed and walked away.Overall: great service, wonderful people, and yummy (very interesting) food! Would love to go back again!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,9/15/2011,185,459,7,7,4>SWEET SONUVA MONKEY SPANK!!! Ahem. Well, that was a damn fine meal. I met some friends down here on Saturday night for dinner and drinks, and I simply must say that not one bit of this dining experience was lacking. So, we began with the pork belly stickers, the soup dumplings, the Kaya toast, and the calamari. Then we ordered more of the pork belly stickers and the soup dumplings. Damn. Tasty. Stuff. The ginger mustard that comes with the stickers is good enough to put in a syringe and inject directly into your brachial artery, but that said action would deprive your taste buds. (And is probably illegal in some manner, but that's never truly concerned me. And now I've digressed.) We were happy but still a bit peckish, so we decided to order a couple of entrees. We surmised, rightfully so, that the Kung Pao Chicken would be awesome. Then we chose the stir fried vegetable rice, and on a veterans advice, the stir fried brussel sprouts. Now, not 5 seconds prior to tasting the latter, had you ever said the words "the brussel sprouts were my favorite" to me, I would have felt honor bound to punch you in the head. However, SWEET SONUVA MONKEY SPANK!!! (See how we've come full circle?) Alright, put simply, the food is just amazing. A good balance of spice, heat, and flavor. The restaurant itself is just cool looking. Nice and spread out, not crowded, and a beautiful ambiance. (Did I forget to mention that the duck spring rolls might have reminded me of my first sexual experience? In that they were very good and worth trying. Don't be weird.) Warning - not cheap. Bring the MasterCard. Oh yeah, and how the hell do you pronounce the bloody name?
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,9/14/2011,410,321,2,6,7>This place is bold, especially compared to other Vietnamese Cajun places in town, usually when it comes to décor, Asian restaurants don't invest much, but at The Asian Cajun, their atmosphere is very inviting, filled with natural light, big windows, very clean, huge high def televisions spread around and friendly staff. Food wise:We had almost everything on their menu but pho... *GumboVery runny, not the regular gumbo filled with roux, but filled with sausages, veggies, and pork bits, very tasty.*Cajun fries*Cajun Chicken WingsDry rub chicken wings, very good and tasty. *Crawfish Classic Cajun Style*Crawfish Asian Cajun Style*Shrimp Classic Cajun Style*Salt and Pepper blue crabs The seafood was really fresh, especially the crawfish. Beers were super cheap; service was great, overall experience was great, especially for bigger groups.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,9/13/2011,152,243,5,10,12>I visited Yak & Yeti after reading a lot of reviews on Yelp. I have been CRAVING Indian food for a good two weeks now, and I was not willing to shell out $15 per entree to go downtown. $8.95 lunch buffet, YES PLEASE!I was honestly surprised at the large selection, I would say they had about 14 hot dishes to choose from, 2 different soups, 2 types of rice, a salad bar, and a dessert bar. So just FYI I'm 1/2 Indian. I'm not going to be one of those people who goes on a tear telling you since I'm Indian I know what I'm talking about. But I am Indian. I have been to India. My family cooks a lot of Indian food. This isn't very authentic. That's really okay. The saag paneer was definitely more 'Boston Market creamed spinach' than anything else. The daal was a little runny. The gulab jamun was served HOT which I have never experienced (usually at room temperature). Their murg makhani (butter chicken) had nice flavor as did their eggplant dish. Don't bother trying the samosas, weird flavor and overly soggy and greasy. One thing I liked about their buffet was that they had fresh watermelon and orange slices which were actually really good. If fruit is fresh, you know everything else is. Entrees (That I can remember):-Butter Chicken-"Chicken Curry"-Okra Masala-Alu Gobi-Samosas-Saag Paneer-Daal-Vegetable Pakora (didn't try these)-Baigan Bartha (I think this is what the eggplant dish is called)-Sweet Potato Masala -Tandoori ChickenDessert:-Gulab Jamun-Carrot Pudding-Mango Custard-Banana Pakoras-Kheer/Rice Pudding (rice was on the undercooked side)-Oranges-WatermelonI don't think there is any truly authentic Indian food within 1000 miles of Denver. It just doesn't taste the same as in India. It's almost impossible to make it taste the same unless they fly in ingredients from India. They have different milk, butter, and cream. Different ways of raising chickens, goats, and sheep. Whew, are you still with me?All that being said, I really liked this place. The service was fast and friendly, they had nice Indian flavors going on, a lot of selection, and a great price. Instead of spending $1300 for a plane ticket to New Dehli, spend $8.95 and sacrifice a little authenticity. I think it's a fair trade.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,9/12/2011,126,120,1,12,10>I was skeptical at first. But then the food started coming out and I couldn't believe my eyes.. Lobster smothered in chili, steamed fish in a delicate sauce, claypot with fried tofu. Best Chinese food in Colorado, hands down. That said, I've eaten here there times and have never eaten anything off the menu.. except the sushi, which I found to be good quality and well made. None of this non-sushi rice or tough fish you get at other denver sushi joints. For what you get, sushi or chinese, the price is fantastic. This is now the only place that can satisfy my cravings for Chinese, I'll make the drive out to Lone Tree any day
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,9/11/2011,97,41,3,5,6>Mmm-mmm-Meatball Sliders.Three little bits of deliciousness.  I'm looking forward to trying more of the menu because it seems like there's a lot of love for the pizza.As a native western New Yorker, I'm not sure I can get on board with these Limoncella Wings.  A little blasphemous seeming, what with the lack of buffalo style hot sauce and baked rather than deep-friedness.The atmosphere is great and it's a hip spot to grab a drink with some food before venturing out for more debauched escapades.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,9/10/2011,133,398,1,16,8>I had the opportunity to try out a new nail salon yesterday with a Weekly Plus deal. I learned upon having my manicure/pedicure with the owner, Stephanie, that the shop has been open for 3 weeks.Nail'd is in a cute location right off of S. Pearl and Kentucky and parking is on the street. The sign for the business isn't up yet, but Nail'd isn't hard to find. It's opposite the car garage on the other side of the street and there is a wine shop next door.Upon entering the boutique, I was greeted by a friendly staff member and asked if I had an appointment, which I did. The boutique does accept walk-ins, but with the Weekly Plus coupon deal, I would recommend an appointment.The package I purchased was an Ultimate Manicure/Pedicure, which is organic and includes an aromatherapy portion, which you have 3 options to select from. I opted for Moisture Renewal and was asked to have a seat until my foot tub was ready.Once you enter Nail'd, there is a desk for the staff and to the far left a seating area. There are 2 nail stations for manicures and a platform behind the nail stations with three comfortable chairs, space for foot tubs and chairs for the nail technicians.This is a nail salon, which also offers waxing, hair cuts and hair color. Nail'd offers organic manicures and performs nail services for natural nails only. The nail salon does not have the chemical smell nor the irritating massage chairs with bacteria-filled jet baths(can you tell my dislike for these types of places). I'm not knocking those that have it, but it's my preference to not give my business to those types of salons.Stephanie was very attentive to my needs during my manicure and pedicure, gauging her pressure while giving me a leg or arm massage, asking my preference in nail length, the heat of the paraffin, etc. As Stephanie is the owner as well, she was called away to assist the other nail technicians, if there was a query or a customer service issue, but I rolled with punches and enjoyed the pampering experience.All of staff were infectiously funny and entertaining. I immediately felt at ease and enjoyed the playful banter between all of the staff members. It truly felt like a family and all were incredibly happy to work with each other.Primarily OPI polishes are offered, which I love. In addition to natural nail manicures, they also offer Gelish and Shellac manicure procedures, for those who prefer a longer-lasting manicure.The salon is very sanitary and prides itself on hospital grade sanitation.I had a wonderful experience here and I was happy to be able to try out this new boutique. Nail'd is billed as a Personal Appearance Boutique. I plan on returning and can't wait for my next appointment.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,9/9/2011,397,602,4,11,8>I've heard nothing but good things about this restaurant, both from my friends and Westword also rated it #1 Mexijoint this year. Another bonus:  It's in the hood.For my bday, a couple of us got together for some dinner and drinks. Got a reservation on the patio, which was shielded thankfully from the rain that ensued later in the evening.  Their margs are $6 each, HUGE, and STRONG, and light on the sweet and sour mix. First off, their salsas are SPICY. And we got an order of the chili cheese dip I have been hearing so much about to start off. WHOA! very spicy indeed. The waiter suggested the Carnitas platter so I went with that for my main entree. Everyone ordered something different so I was able to try the green chile platter, red chile enchilada and Matt's chicken fajitas.  I was absolutely blown away by the red chile!! So much, that we ordered a side of it and it was eaten up in minutes.  I am a huge green chile lover. I don't normally like red chile so for me to say I loved it, must be good!!  In fact, my side of green chile basically went uneaten.  The waitstaff couldn't be more accommodating to us. And, for my bday, they brought us a huge sopapilla the table could share! This was the best way to end such an amazing meal.  I WILL BE BACK.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,9/8/2011,267,467,9,17,11>Well, having visited many, many Mexican restaurants in Denver over the last thirty years, I've decided that the only one that I can give five stars to is La Loma.  It may not be perfect but it is perfectly fine for me.Here are the reasons:-It is clean and attractive, patio is lovely in nice weather, help is generally friendly and, in my experience, what they lack in professional experience, they make up for in an effort to take good care of you.  Front door reception can be cool and I make a point to remind the manager that first impressions are important.-I like the chips and salsa a lot - paired with a premium margarita, you can't go wrong (don't confuse premium with gigantic - sometimes bigger isn't better.  You want to splurge on the good hooch.)   If you have room the mini-chile rellenos are a great app. as well but be careful because entrees are ample portions.-This is the best green chile in Denver.  I grew up in New Mexico and I know of what I speak - trust me.  Little Anita's is close but it's vegetarian and who doesn't want some melt in your mouth pork in your green chile? This is the real deal.  I usually go for lunch and sit outside, weather permitting, so I can wear a ball cap to keep the sweat from running down my forehead.  My dad always said, "Chile isn't worth eating unless your eyelids sweat."  Amen Pops.So, I have sampled pretty much the entire menu and never been really disappointed but I keep coming back to the green chile plate.  Give me some rice and frijoles - a couple of flour tortillas (maybe a second margarita) and I am one happy boy.I think Mexican food is something that many of us will never agree upon.  So much depends on what you grew up with.  For me La Loma does it right .  Green chile that is green, the way God intended it.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,9/7/2011,203,562,6,6,6>It was heaven in my mouth.  Do I need to say more?  My body rumbled with every mouthful starting with the exquisite breads.  Yes I think I tried them all.  A Rosemary roll, a lovely slice of lavendar bread, an olive roll and  a incredible bisquit with fennel.  I did not need any more food but my quivering body said yes yes pleae please..  I started with  Pomergranate Martini.  It was lovely but  I should have stuck with my Olive Martini.  Just a tad sweet but I finished every drop.  I listened and my three friends and we shared the beet salad, the watermelon and tomato salad which is one I have so wanted to try and I was so happy.  We then tried the house dish which is the artichoke tortellini.  I dipped my bread in the sauce and squealed.  Not a classy thing in such a nice establishment but was anyone watching?  Plus I could have cared less.  Next came the four square vegetarian selection.  Could it get any better?  OMG the cauliflower.  I am again shivering.  I could have just had a plate of this and still been ecstatic.  We all agreed this was the best but everything we ate was the best.   One of the squares had a risotto cake, one with spinach and candied nuts and the fourth escapes me for now.  I know I know it was a mac and cheese ravioli.  How could I forget? Just delicious.  We ordered the beignets for dessert but they had to box them up as we were running late for the theater.  We sat at a table in the lobby of the theater an devoured these little treasures.  Oh yes I was full but my experience was ok I will say it orgasmic.  Thank you Jennifer for allowing Denver to have this wonderful restaurant.  You really know how to intensify all the senses. I bow down to you and all your wonderful staff.Let me add it was Tuesday and the place was packed.  They had a few groups and the place was buzzing.  Nice to see a restaurant doing soo soo well.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,9/6/2011,208,498,5,7,5>I am giving Dazzle four stars even though I was an idiot, sat in the wrong room, and overpaid by $26 for my Dazzle experience. We sat in the room with the music and paid a $26 cover to be asked to sit quietly and listen to Jazz. So while that might be awesome for some people, that is steep and we are not Jazz connoisseurs and we are chatty. Well, live and learn, and I am not going to remove stars from my review because I am an idiot.So anyway I went to Dazzle last night with three friends and outside of the cover and getting shushed (well to be honest that was kind of exhilarating, I am not used to getting in trouble, I felt scandalous!) I had a great experience. I would definitely go back but I would highly recommend sitting at the bar or in the non-Jazz room, whatever that's called.I had the mahi-mahi and it was delicious. I wanted to lick my plate the sauce was so incredible. We also shared an order of crab-stuffed mushrooms, which were delicious, and the mac and cheese, which was BUENO. Oh boy. I could have eaten the entire bowl but I am trying to be less of a glutton. If only it had been baked so it had a crusty top it would have been perfect, but it had the best-cooked pasta, and the best combination of cheeses, of any mac and cheese I've had in Denver. I would definitely recommend Dazzle and I am excited to come back for happy hour, brunch, or a casual dinner at the bar.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,9/5/2011,226,218,2,9,7>I could really get in trouble at Café Jordano. It's a triple threat:  close to my house, reasonably priced and oh-so-delicious!I met a date there last night and it was fabulous. I had to do a little convincing that even the though the place is located in strip mall in Lakewood it would still be great. He's a believer now.I've been to Café Jordano three times now and each time has been fantastic. The place can get extremely crowded and busy - but that's what you get when you have great food. The owners and wait staff know (and talk with) EVERYBODY so getting a table can sometimes be a little slow, but it's worth it.Our waitress was friendly and attentive. The food was fast, fresh and tasty. My usual go-to at Café Jordano is Bob's Favorite (chicken breast w/ asparagus and creamy cheese sauce. Sorry, let me wipe away the drool), but this time I branched out and went for the Buffalo al Jordano. Sooooo glad I switched it up. The buffalo was tender and juicy and perfectly complimented by the mushrooms and cream sauce with mustard and cognac. Ultra-rich, but very, very good. Skipped the apps and dessert and opted for a cab-sav with dinner - tasty and not too pricy. What's not to like?My date had the seafood ravioli and was thoroughly impressed as well. Café Jordano is a neighborhood gem - makes me glad I live in that neighborhood.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,9/4/2011,702,888,9,10,9>Some things I saw and liked here:1) infused vodkas, like pickle and bloody mary (and fruity stuff too)2) Big Buck Hunter3) chile cheese fries4) fried cheese curds5) my fav bartender from The Lobby, just hanging out6) a great happy hour every single day7) $15 haircuts on Wednesdays (is this for dudes only? because I don't need anything fancy)8) fried jalapenos9) jukebox10) clean bathrooms#winning
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,9/3/2011,99,209,3,8,5>This may be the pearl of Siam, but it's a simple bead to me.  I mean, yes, Pearl of Siam has good food and the service is nice.  The taste is not disappointing either.  But the taste is also not spectacular, and as such, cannot make up for the smaller portions.  That being said, this restaurant still affords four stars because it's worth visiting, if you are in the area or plan to take advantage of the lunch specials.The Good & Bad Rundown:+ flavor profile: balanced flavor, real Thai ingredients; 4/5+ 90% consistency in flavor+ good delivery+ spicy actually means spicy (integrity, i like it!)+ nice, friendly service+ well-lit parking- pricey; portions are a little on the smaller end- stingy with the rice (served and sold by the pint)Ultimately, I would and do support this restaurant.  This place is pricey but not expensive.  The food is good but not amazing.  It's a place I've visited several times, and although I'm never disappointed with my meal, it's not my "go to" place.  Nevertheless, I'm a fan and recommend taking advantage of the lunch specials.  Cheers.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,9/2/2011,97,68,10,6,6>Hello new favorite bad meal!I took my out of state friends here for the great American early afternoon hungover breakfast and discovered the best bad meal I've had in Denver. The veggie melt with vegetarian green chili cheese fries. WOW. Pair that with a mimosa heavy on the champagne and it is my best bad meal ever.It's like if butter and grease had a ball and they invited all my favorites - greek olives, grilled mushrooms, tomato, red onions, swiss, and spicy garlic mayo and they all packed together and did the tango on sour dough bread.I've been back several times and have never been disappointed. Their breakfast burritos are the largest I've ever seen. The huevos rancheros did not disappoint.My absolute favorite bad meal ever is Sam's No. 3 vegetarian chili cheese fries though. Whenever I let myself just gorge on the delicious decadance of a hot plate of crispy fries doused in veggie green chili, smothered in melted cheddar cheese, black beans and corn it is inarguably a good day.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,9/1/2011,188,277,5,22,10>I think a lot of people who give this place a negative review just aren't getting it and/or are not cognizant of how this place/cuisine works. Ethiopian food is ALWAYS traditionally served the way this restaurant does: Communally on a large plate using injera bread to eat. If you ever ate at an Ethiopian restaurant that served differently, I assure you it was because they were accommodating western customs.This restaurant in particular is a small, family-run place with only two people working here at all times. After the server takes your order, the single cook is making everything herself. So yeah, it's going to take a long time. Most Ethiopian restaurants are like this so you should simply expect to wait awhile for you food or eat at Taco Bell, whatever you prefer.To me, this is one of the best Ethiopian restaurants in town and has very affordable prices.  My friend and I had the vegetarian special and collard greens, which basically amounted to a ton of food that we couldn't even finish for just $12 a person. The red lentils were very spicy, just the way I like them. The cabbage was soft and sour in that wonderful cabbagy way. The collard greens has a nice jalepeño kick to compliment the smokiness of the greens. Everything was cooked perfectly and presented very neatly on the injera.And the service was actually really good. We called ahead twice to ask about the hours and whether they took credit cards (Until 10PM and they don't). We asked for more injera, he gave it us (without charge). We asked for napkins twice, he gave it to us some both times. Water was always filled. The server often went into the kitchen for awhile, but when one of us went into the room to ask him something, he attentively fulfilled our requests. Some people are accustomed to having a server be really active and attentive at the table all the time, but I personally don't mind asking the server myself for things and I don't think that he minded helping us. I thought he was actually a high-quality server, regardless of the type of restaurant. Simply a great all-around Ethiopian restaurant for anyone with an open mind and an empty stomach.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,8/31/2011,462,98,4,7,7>I wanted to take my cousin Cathy (in town for the rapture and the U2 concert) and her friend from Connecticut to another cool Denver spot for dinner this past Sunday night.  Shortly after reading rave reviews about Euclid Hall I had to go in for a visit and see what all of the fuss was about.  I now get the fuss, and can't wait to go back and try more menu items.It was a Sunday night (as mentioned above) so we were seated right away.  I opted for a Moscow Mule as a cocktail which was very good and we ordered the sausage tasting platter along with the Pickled, Braised and Grilled Cabbage Stack and the home made mustard (you got four of them to taste, too) which was extra, and worth every penny I might add.I think they should rename the sausage tasting platter something else like the "magically seasoned meats gently housed in natural casings that will make you want to take your clothes off and run naked around the restaurant because you feel so good when you're eating them" although I am not sure they want a separate page just to list this item.  To quote the menu the sausages are "ground, seasoned and cased in house with love", which is EXACTLY how my father used to make home made sausage at home when I was a kid, and the taste and texture validate the fact these are made with great care.I started off with a taste of the Boudin Noir, and as a kid from a Portuguese family I am very familiar with blood sausage since my grandmother used to make it.  I was never a huge fan of my Nana's morcilla (more-see-ya) more based on texture than anything else.  However, the Boudin Noir here is so delicate in flavor and had a nice smooth texture I was surprised how much I liked it and I'd eat it again.  The Beef Short Rib Kielbasa was perfectly seasoned and texturally magnificent.  This is clearly NOT your store bought smoked sausage and an entire plate of this would have suited me just fine.  Next up was the Uncensored Hoppwurst which was a traditional pork sausage that was terrific.  Lastly, the Bavarian Veal Weisswurst was delicious as well.  Each of the four sausages were well seasoned, cooked to perfection (moist and tender), and texturally elegant and I'd order each one separately if asked to from the menu.  Seriously the best sausages I've had since moving to Colorado from NYC in 1998.The house made mustards were all very good, but for me their yellow mustard (nothing like French's yellow mustard) was my favorite of the four (yellow, brown, bordeaux, and horseradish) and my cousin preferred the horseradish as her favorite.  All of them had great flavor without being overpowering and they complimented the sausages nicely.  I am now ruined for life having to use Gulden's or Grey Poupon at home.  The cabbage stack was a good complement to the dish as well.  I happen to really like cabbage and this preparation was tangy and texturally firm and I'll order it again next time I'm at Euclid Hall.On to the entree: Chicken and Waffles, Petaluma chicken paillard, sourdough waffles, pure maple syrup, and salty walnuts.  I actually ordered this because my brother lives in Petaluma, California where the chicken comes from.  Petaluma is a small farming community (mostly dairy farms) in Sonoma County and they even have a Milk and Eggs parade every spring in town.  Not kidding.  Anyway, I love the fact it's chicken breast and not bone-in chicken.  The perfect amount of breading and fried just right along with a Belgian style waffle cut into smaller pieces for plating purposes along with toasted walnut pieces and warm syrup.  I really enjoyed this dish and it wasn't as heavy as I expected it to be and by the end of it I was a member of the Clean Plate Club yet again.Our server, Jennifer, was very knowledgeable about the menu and actually suggested everything I ordered.  I like to ask the wait staff their favorite dishes if I haven't been to a restaurant and her recommendations were spot on.  Jennifer was attentive and fun to talk to, and she also reminded me of Jennifer Aniston so that's not a bad thing, either.While I rarely give five stars on a first visit, it was well deserved.  Why?  The items that came to my table were what I deemed "best in class" as far as sausages and chicken and waffles go based on anywhere I've eaten and the service warranted it as well.  I can't wait to go back and try some more of the menu!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,8/30/2011,117,207,3,10,7>Few things make me sadder than short, expensive happy hours. Why bother offering hh if it is going to end at 5 or run from 4-6. Enter my new fave neighborhood spot to throw convention out the window! HH from 5-8 and thanks to the $4 Vodka Martini special on Thursday night I can be classy AND thrifty! While the menu had minimal food offerings, what we did consume was delicious:-Polenta app (new to the menu) - loved this dish and wish my polenta at home would be even half as good. -Short ribs were very tender, plus they were served with polenta (score!) and brussel sprouts, which added a nice crunch to the meal. -Beet salad was great, as beet salads usually are-Sweet po fries were perfect - only a little salt was used, which is a big plus in my book-Bacon Infused Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream (also new to the menu). What even needs to be said about this fantastic dessert?The only real negative was that the AC was in the process of getting fixed and it was 90 degrees outside - so even with the doors open and the fans blowing there really was no relief from the heat.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,8/29/2011,37,62,5,11,8>Okay. First of all, I must let you know that the build-up to this place has been HUGE. My coworkers and I have been driving by since March watching this place evolve from an eye-sore auto repair shop into a glorious haven of beer. With that much build-up and my generally pessimistic nature, that's generally a recipe for disappointment. But no disappointment was to be found on my first visit to Denver Beer Co.Patrick and Charlie are the co-owners of the joint and they have done a marvelous job. The old garage doors from the auto shop are still here, just with clear glass in place of the tin mental - so there is plenty of light. Also, plenty of seating: indoors and out! The bar is made from pine beetle wood, there is a table from the old hydraulic lift, and outside there are picnic tables  and hops plants lining the perimeter. Good tunes stream from the iPods of manager Casey and bartender Pat (a.k.a. Woody), Charlie's wife was chalking on the blackboard paint while we were there and a sweet pup named Sadie came to visit all the patrons as well.Now to the important stuff: BEER. On tap this week (they have only been open for a week, ribbon cutting is this Friday) are the following: Kaffir Lime Wheat, Rye 25 Pale Ale, Confluence Pale Ale, Gear Up IPA, Graham Cracker Porter, and Stormy Summer Stout. I tend to be a fan of reds and ambers, but my favorite beer has been Great Divide's Hoss - and Denver Beer Co's Rye 25 is the only beer that I have EVER tasted that even comes close to comparison... it might even win out. The wheat beer is light and refreshing, not too yeasty, and not too sweet either.  The Confluence compares well to DPA from Great Divide and uses C-hops well. I'm not generally an IPA or Stout fan, so I will decline to comment on those. I'm also not generally a Porter fan, but I love love loved the Graham Cracker Porter. Dessert in a glass! (and yes it really does taste like Graham crackers on the front end). It is light for a porter, finishes smooth, and not too heavy on the tongue. In summation, EXCELLENT experience. As I work not even a block from this place I will not only be frequenting the tasting room as a matter of convenience but also out of true love for the beer and the people that make it. Denver Beer Company, welcome! You are a much appreciated addition to not only our street and neighborhood, but to our city and our fine selection of microbreweries. Bring on the beers!Cheers! (oh and you will know my name)
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,8/28/2011,112,168,5,6,6>This is going to be an odd way to start a review, but here it goes. Kneecaps are important. Especially when trekking through a GINORMOUS baseball stadium. Last night upon entering Coors Field, I was one kneecap down at best.You see, moments before I tripped over a power box cover in another metal box that was unmarked and sticking up out of the pavement. Did I mention I was carrying a four year old and the only thought in my head was this, " OHMYGODDONOTSPLITTHISCHILD"SHEADOPEN!!!" So in some sorta "move" my family describes it as, I saved the child and sacrificed my right knee and elbow. Unfortunately this is no small injury, and we were at Coors Field to watch baseball and celebrate my daughter's birthday so turning back and heading home ( which I desperately wanted to do) was NOT an option. Ice bag from Jim's, check... Advil from fiancé, check. Searing pain, mass skin loss and blood, check. Enter...the super helpful and cute old guy taking tickets last night who called over the additionally helpful bike riding medics dudes who cleaned me up, wrapped me up and sent me on my hobbling way.They were professional, gentle, kind and efficient. You kinda know how bad you're hurt when the MEDIC gasps for a moment. OUCH! However they had swabs, and gauze and tape and water AND a wheelchair to take be to my seat which I stupidly refused. I give them 10 stars.In addition I must also say what we all know. Coors Field is on of the most beautiful stadiums in the country with spectacular views. . It really is stunning. It is also outrageously expensive and super clean. Not too bad if you ask me. I sincerely hope we can get back this summer as last night was only till the 5th inning. Sorry Jessie, I promise to get you back in that field and not to trip on anything!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,8/27/2011,639,447,16,7,11>"IIIIIIIII HAAAAAAAAATE YOU AAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL!" That's what I yelled to Tiffany N, Nicholas N and Megan W as our four person inner tube was circling the water slide toilet drain at the tail end of our ride. I'm not the best person to have ride along on your water slide adventure if you are trying to avoid death shrieks and rage-filled insults during your decent to the bottom of the slide.This mostly comes from the fact that I hate heights and, while I am miserable at Elitch's, there's something about adding water and an inner tube that makes careening towards the earth much more palatable. Which is why I really like Water World. Granted, at $35 a trip, it's not something I do often. Especially since the majority of the time is spent waiting for an inner tube in a line. Next time I go, I think I'm going to spring for inner tube rentals so I can skip that part of the line and just ride the slides a lot more. I like Water World because the whole day is a wonderful respite from summer heat while still being able to have fun outside. Getting too hot? Go dunk yourself in the wave pool or just float around in a circle on lazy river.Want a campy ride? Try Journey to the Center of the Earth, where the jerking motions of animatronic dinosaurs are about as scary as a neutered chihuahua. But the pitch black slides will leave you screaming, dizzy and completely out of sorts. And, if you're like me, you'll end your day exhausted, with ratty, chlorine-soaked hair, a raw throat from screaming and a big smile on your face.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,8/26/2011,242,830,4,5,7>Holy Hipsters, Denver!As others have noted, this is a PACKED even.  TONS of people... NOT a ton of parking, and seriously, if I see another pair of skinny jeans, I'm going to scream.The art and atmosphere itself, though?  Fun.  Hysterical, actually.  People watching at it's finest, and YES, that's an Art in and of itself.The real art varies from performance artists, pop, modern, photography, and more.  The hustle and bustle is just perfect for a night wandering among the galleries and bars, and this is a little slice of big city in little Denver.It certainly occupies me for a few hours and kept my brain interested and my mouth smiling.  (And drinking.)
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,8/25/2011,285,768,2,9,6>This is my local farmer's market.  It's close and if you need to park, it's never an issue.  It serves the purpose of gathering fresh breads, eggs, produce, and even goat cheese.  I pretty much go here every Sunday from beginning to end to stock up.  My favorite stand is the Amish tomatoes.  These tomatoes are so fresh, and ripe.  They taste and smell so yummy.  The owners are super friendly.  The origins of the seeds are from Lancaster PA, which is where I'm from, and I can attest that these are authentic Amish tomatoes.  I swear, I could eat them like an apple.The food vendors are also top notch.  Deluxe, Biker Jim, Pinche Tacos, Crock Spot, and other rotating food trucks coming onto the scene.  So, I am biased because I love South Pearl, and this market is no exception.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,8/24/2011,154,335,4,9,8>I have been here several times before I decided to review. So here it is.Atmosphere: Casual and cozy. The tables are close so if you are too loud you might be over heard. There is always at least one family around when I come here so I would say kids are ok.Service: Excellent. Not only are they always attentive they promote a real family atmosphere. If there's something in the specials I can't read they are always glad to translate and give me suggestions.  Not to mention the recognize their regulars.Price: On par with what you get. You are paying more then going to panda express but the quality demands it.Food: My perfect meal here would be their sesame chicken pockets, soup dumplings, pork noodle soup and green beans with hot peppers and Chinese style bacon. Every time I come I try something new and I'm always delightfully surprised by not only the quality but the subtle use of spices.  Their Taiwanese beef soup was rich and heavy on the five spice for me but I find my self craving it now.If you like Chinese food and want to try something new I suggest stopping by here for a taste. you wont regret it!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,8/23/2011,320,975,5,8,7>Was here with Hubs after running some errands at this part of the town, Saturday July 16th 2011.  Time : 12:58hrs.This bakery, seats at one of the intersection of a neighborhood which I am NOT familiar with.  This bakery is indeed inside a "home-trailer" kind of structure.  Thankfully, there is ample of parking.  When we arrived, there were any patrons, inside this bakery.  But my oh my, all the smell of bakery goods and all the pastries and danish on display, made my heart skip abit.  Too many to choose, where shall I begin.They provide several tables and seats, in case you want to have your "munchies" or purchase eating in.  There are also several outdoor seating provided.Anyhoo, I decide to order these if I could recall them properly :*  Chocolate Croissant*  Chocolate Danish with Custard and Cinnamon of somekind.  This Danish, has a Custard base, and at the top of the Danish, they drizzle, the Chocolate around it and sprinkle some Cinnamon. *  Strawberry Tart*  Another pastry, I cant recall with Yellow Icing.  This pastry, looks like 2 shortbread cookies, sandwich with cream of some kind.  On top of the "cookie", it is "dipped" with Yellow Icing and sprinkled with some nuts.*  Chocolate Brownie ($1.95)*  Jalapeno Bread ($2.75)All in all, I enjoyed my sweet tooth loot, but did not fancy the order of Jalapeno Bread.  Hubs had the Chocolate Brownie.  Hubs said the Chocolate Brownie, is A-OK, not too sweet, but he said it tasted like just another kind of "Brownie".  Oh well.  I am surprised with the Strawberry Tart.  The "tart" was actually layers of phyllo pastry "goodness"... I told Hubs, if I were to crave this kind of Danish pastry, would he so kind to drive all across town to get it??  He just shrud his shoulders...  In that case, I would just "drag" him to this bakery to get my sugary fix but for these pastries, my oh my I have to wait patiently... and DEFINITELY BE BACK!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,8/22/2011,147,167,4,7,7>What a pleasant surprise!  I have never had Polish food before and to my surprise, I love Polish food!  I'm ignorant when it comes to anything Eastern European and I started humming the tune to Tetris (I know Poland is not Russia) when we first sat down because the ambiance made me want to hum it...  :P  Speaking of ambiance, it's quite a large restaurant but still has a very intimate feel.  Very warm and welcoming as well with the decor and wall colors.  I don't know how to pronounce anything on the menu but the entree that I ordered which was Bitki.  There was a lot of food and my bf and I shared a Sausage Sampler appetizer, a tripe soup and Bitki, which was very tender pork chops with garlic bread and mashed potato. Let's start with the Sausage sampler... It comes on a sizzling hot plate with caramelized onions and homemade mustard.  The mustard was delicious with horseradish kick to it.  Enough to clear your sinus like Wasabi if you have a little much.  It's a perfect addition to the sausage and onions.  We then had the tripe soup.  I called it the Polish Menudo.  It's a bit more creamier than Menudo that you get at Mexican places but you can definitely taste the tripe flavor in the soup.  The tripe itself is not as chewy as I had anticipated but very soft and well-simmered.  Bitki was great!  I loved the mashed potato and the garlic bread too.  The pork chops were very tender and in smaller pieces... it's more like the pork tenderloins that's been tenderized very well. Also had some Polish Beer that I can't pronounce... the waitress said it a few times and my Asian tongue just couldn't make out the words...   I know it starts with the Z and it's in some pictures associated with this restaurant review.  We tried to order other beers on the menu but when we went they had a shortage since their beer people haven't been delivering all of their selection. I have been telling my friends about this place...  try it out if you're a sausage fan.  YUM!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,8/21/2011,194,576,1,9,9>I enjoyed Social Hour with Wanda C, Shalan G and her hubby last Thursday. What a charming wine bar!I indulged in a white and a red sangria and split a flatbread with Wanda. Both Sangrias were tasty, although I liked the red one a bit more. The flat bread was a delicious little nibble.The wine list is extensive, and the wine cocktails are creative, and they have beer if wine isn't your thing. The Social Hour prices are reasonable, ranging from $5-$8/glass. The gentleman serving us was friendly and attentive...even though I was a little jumpy when he first stopped by!So to sum it up: wonderful wine selections, tasty nibbles, friendly service and charming location. Yup, I'll be back.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,8/20/2011,227,426,5,6,6>Gold star for Super Star!Don't mind the MUZAC here, a smorgasbord of songs from the 70s through 90s. That's the "worst" about this place.All of the dim sum = fresh, authentic, and approved by my dad & mom (restaurant owners themselves). That speaks a lot to a dim sum place outside of SF/NYC.So thank goodness: Super Star is clean, spacious, AND they have great dim sum. Rarely found this kind of combination in bigger cities. Usually, in SF, authentic dim sum meant going to hole-in-the-wall places, or places that were loud, noisy, and food sitting out for awhile.Highly recommended: egg tarts, long flat noodle w/shrimp or beef, steamed buns, and pork blood (parents gave big thumbs up to this; it's a typical delicacy in China).When we got the bill, my parents were astonished that it was pretty cheap for what we ordered. After you get your fill of dim sum, have a Dum-Dum lollipop from their cute tree up front :)
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,8/19/2011,118,148,9,9,7>I think that a Bar Method studio should never be on the second floor. After finishing my first class a couple of weeks ago, the stairs were daunting. Ask Tiffany. I almost fell down, and not because I am a clutz. Bar Method rules. If you were to just watch a class, you'd probably laugh. The moves are miniscule. But, just try it, sucka. Even after only a few classes I feel like my body is more toned. Silly? Maybe, but this stuff is tough. Every move makes my muscles seize in exhaustion, and I'm hooked. Bar Method has been added to my "summer of fitness" routine.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,8/18/2011,237,363,3,9,4>Beautifully blending salty and sweet on premium meats in crusty rolls, The Uber Sausage is a great new addition to my dining repertoire. Whether you try the smoked kielbasa topped with BBQ sauce and apple coleslaw, the bacon-wrapped bison dog or even a "plain ole" bison hot dog with ketchup and mustard, or any of their other signature dishes, a meal here is very satisfying. Their freshly fried chips are also perfectly prepared and lovely to wolf down.My only request, and I am sure they will hear it from several other devotees, they must get some sauerkraut, pronto. I love their special blends of flavors that add up to a unique dish, but for many, sausage isn't sausage without the kraut. Get the kraut, get 5 stars. I say this not as one that eats sauerkraut, because I don't, but because I love many people who would rail against its absence and I couldn't bring them here until the kraut is in the house.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,8/17/2011,39,292,2,9,9>It's been a while since I've handed out a 5-star review, and I think the Red Claw is definitely worthy.  We tried a variety of fried and steamed things, and everything was incredibly fresh and delicious. Fried things were very light and did not taste fishy at all. We tried the calamari, catfish, shrimp, and soft shell crab.  This was possibly the best soft shell crab I can remember having anywhere outside the Virginia coast. The batter is light and flavorful, and everything was crispy and delicious.  Throw in the remoulade sauce and it just couldn't get any better.We will absolutely go back.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2011,8/16/2011,66,238,5,7,8>Probably the most conflicted review I've ever written. On the good side the service was 3/4 hospitable which is a good percentage overall. Good fish: the red snapper was a hit. Mac and Cheese, Potato Salad, Baked beans; all good. They have my favorite: Sweet Potato Pie and the Jazz trio playing in the front was excellent. Also the lemonade is mouth puckering sweet.The ONE BIG THING that bothers me are the ribs. I call shenanigans. If you want fall of the bone ribs, brine them overnight, cook them super low and slow, spray or mop them as they cook, even meat tenderizer is ok in my book, but NEVER EVER BOIL THEM! I myself smoke ribs at least twice a month and I don't cheat to get the proper results. I take my time and do it the right way no matter how early I have to get up in the morning.I'm fairly certain M&D's boils there ribs and then oversauces them to throw folks off the track. For the serious BBQ'er this is a BIG NO NO. I'm not buying it literally. I'll go back to M&D's for the fish and for the sweet potato pie but the "cheater ribs" will always leave a bad taste in my mouth.  It's also kinda expensive.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,8/15/2011,500,166,7,18,12>In the same stripmall as Aladdin Market (see previous review) is a similarly new and nifty find, Cody's Café. The ever-cheerful proprietress of the former Viaggio (she also owns the equally yummy New Orient a few doors down) has fused Italian, American and her native Vietnamese delights in her latest restaurant offering.Sip one of their many craft beers while you peruse the many tempting items on their one-page paper menu. To start, why not sample some fried-just-right coconut shrimp, served with a citrus aioli in a jaunty cocktail glass? Or some spinach and cheese wontons with raspberry-wasabi dressing? Or crostini with creamy goat cheese?If, instead, something hand-held would hit the spot right about now, Cody's take on the classic Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwich (with moist grilled chicken and tangy daikon and carrot slaw) might be just the thing for you. Then again, doesn't their signature burger (with arugula, gorgonzola, Swiss cheese and a bacon-onion compote) sound good?In keeping with Viaggio's (previous) emphasis on Italian food, you can still find rich and savory eggplant parmigiana - or what about a pizza? If I told you that the marvelous homemade sausage has just a hint of lemongrass, would that entice you? I figured it would. But honestly, no matter what you end up selecting (and the dishes I described are just the tip of the iceberg!), Cody's has something for every palate. Take all of this, and combine it with personably prompt and perky staff, and a welcoming atmosphere that puts "Cheers" to shame, and you have a real gem. Yes, there's always a lot of fun to be had at Cody's, so why not find out for yourself? Who knows - if you're lucky, you might even see me there!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,8/14/2011,71,164,1,10,11>Biker Jim's Restaurant is Biker Jim's Hot Dog Stand on steroids. The menu has kept all of the favorites from the stand and has added all sorts of dressed up dogs, burgers, sides, and desserts. Everything looked delicious and, as a result, our eyes turned out to be much bigger than our stomachs. In the "Something Different" dog department, we sampled the The Coney, the Sonoran (bacon wrapped beef with pintos, jalapenos, tomatoes, onion, mayo and mustard), and The Duck Dog (with wasabi aioli, caramelized apples, and Irish cheddar cheese). Of the three, The Coney was my favorite and my fiance was a huge fan of the Sonoran. Nothing against the tasty Duck Dog, but the other options had it beat. We also ventured into the into the "Side Car" portion of the menu and tried both the fried Mac and Cheese and the french fries. Both solid sides, but the dogs definitely stole the show.There were two drawbacks for me. First, the line was insane. Granted, today is opening day and it was well worth the wait, but I think I waited 20 minutes to order my dog and then another 10 plus before it was brought to my table. However, Biker Jim gets props for working the line and chatting up all of the customers which helped keep everyone from getting impatient. Second, the bread to dog ratio heavily favors the bread. There was plenty of dog in the bun, but the bun seemed a bit oversized for its contents.Food coma starting now.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,8/13/2011,288,412,2,4,7>This was my review for Crash 45. It was initially written under the White Owl, as I also submitted the name change. A little divey, but as sick as it gets. There's a vintage motorcycle bike night every Thursday and various other events throughout the week. While I was there I heard about a cruiser bike night every Wednesday. I'm talking pedal bikes, people. The bottom line is that great people congregate here no matter what night you show up! It may not be your scene, but you'll have a great time regardless. I guarantee you'll meet some interesting people, but don't be quick to judge, you never know who you'll run into.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2011,8/12/2011,17,120,9,8,7>Holy WTF batman!We went for a birthday party this past weekend.I can only describe it as organized chaos, with a liability waiver required to attend.There had to be what felt like 100 kids aged 2 to 10 running amok between the 5 or 6 inflatables.  There was 1 life guard attempting to keep the peace, but that much energy is hard to keep an eye on.There may have been music pumped through the speakers, but it was hard to discern over the screaming, giggling and shouting from the patrons.At one point I was following my daughter (to ensure her safety because lets face it...people don't watch their kids, and their kids are out of control.) As my daughter came down the slide, she jumped up, put her hands in her air and proclaimed "This is the most fun I've had EVER!!!" As she ran into the crowd and climbed back up the slide...over all it's a good place for kids to let out some steam.If you don't have kids, you have no business going here.I suggest adding a bar in the back and the game on the TV to keep daddy's nerves settled.Word.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,8/11/2011,49,119,16,6,5>DONUTS WITH 3 JAMS & 3 SAUCESDONUTS WITH 3 JAMS & 3 SAUCESDONUTS WITH 3 JAMS & 3 SAUCESDONUTS WITH 3 JAMS & 3 SAUCESDONUTS WITH 3 JAMS & 3 SAUCESDONUTS WITH 3 JAMS & 3 SAUCESOrder the donuts with 3 jams and 3 sauces. There are lots of great desserts at dBar but if you're going for the first time, this is what I would order. You can choose to have them covered in cinnamon sugar or powdered sugar and they come out in a paper bag as sweet piping hot pillows of doughy goodness. Yum.I love this place because it's a dessert bar that has the classic desserts you're looking for, and they're done really well. Sometimes dessert bars try and do weird/fancy stuff (one place I've been deconstructed everything and covered it in glitter...wtf) when all anyone wants is comfort food desserts. I mean, let's face it, when I'm having a huge dessert after dinner I want to go all out, I want something that will leave me feeling content/stuffed/food coma. dBar provides all of this.They have beer and wine, but truthfully the best thing to get with your dessert is a cappuccino or latte. They're made really well and nothing goes better with a sweet dessert than good coffee.The wait can be long because they make things fresh and make them well, plus this is the kind of place you want to sit and chat. If you don't have anywhere to go, it's definitely worth the wait.No matter how full you are, you'll definitely be able to make room for dBar.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,8/10/2011,394,368,4,6,4>For righteous First Friday burritos covered in green chili and tacos to die for, I highly recommend El Taco De Mexico.Sure, it looks like an overgrown taco stand, but that's just why it's so damn perfect. It almost feels like you're in Mexico again, plus you're surrounded by a festive community of artists, musicians, and youngin's looking for a good time.If you want a good Mexican fix, this is the spot. Probably one of my favorites in the area so far, especially since it's so damn cheap. I'll keep looking around, but for now, this place takes the crown in Mexican grub goodness.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,8/9/2011,290,399,5,5,7>I'm pretty excited about this place. I did it, I joined a gym. And I didn't set off any fraud alerts on my credit card by purchasing a membership to a fitness place instead of throwing down cash on restaurants and bars, which is where my money usually goes.I've been trying to find an affordable gym to fit into for a while in Denver, and this one is close to where I work. When you go in, you meet Laurel herself, and it's her little gym and her show and it makes me feel so much better to deal with a local business and a real person and not a huge corporate conglomerate that's going to force me to sign a 1-3 year contract, for which I have to prove I am moving out of the state to get out of. She talked to me and showed me around and doesn't pressure you to do anything you don't want to. Contract or month-to-month, your choice.This place isn't full of lots of bells and whistles but the weight machines are shiny and new. There's ample cardio machines with TV's and I can only hope I'm not going to have to wait for one when I decide to work out....there's also some group classes zumba, yoga, step which I will definitely try out eventually.  This gym is completely her baby and I'm glad because I think she will take great care of it and its clientele. I can only hope it's a flourishing work in progress, and that I lose at least 20lbs. by working out there a bunch.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,8/8/2011,100,203,1,8,6>I try at all costs to avoid South Gaylord St as it's parking is as horrific as Cherry Creek North. However, occasionally I can be lured by a good happy hour and a cool patio.  Max's offers up a pretty awesome happy hour with some quality seafood.  I went for a Friday happy hour which included $3 23oz domestics and $4 23oz premium drafts as well as $3 glasses on house wine.  Arguably one of the better priced happy hour drink menus that I've been to, with the kicker being 99 cent oysters.  After ordering a few beers and a dozen and a half oysters, we decided to split the Sea Sampler which includes Baja shrimp cocktail, tuna poke, and 4 oysters.  I would have to say that the Baja shrimp cocktail tasted like salsa on pita chips and the tuna poke was absent of much flavor and was only fair.  A disappointing attempt to amplify seafood which ultimately failed.  The blackened swordfish tacos and the seared tuna sashimi salad more than made up for the dismal Sea Sampler.  Service is adequate and ambiance inside is what you would expect at a seafood shack, but if you can grab a seat in the back patio, you've got some prime real-estate for summer drinking.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,8/7/2011,212,239,15,17,14>There is a reason that the universe blessed our planet with sunshine and water. The reason is because we can grow grains and veggies and cure meats, UM, wait, not me, but the proprietors of Vinh Xuong Bakery know how to mix that all up into perfection. I never got passed an Easy Bake Oven.Do yourself a favor and swing by this bakery, you will never eat store bought bread again. They make every good treat under the sun. The ba minh melted in my mouth and I ate the entire sandwich - oh good lord, fresh, fresh, fresh! There are tempting desserts and BBQ pork buns that make me want to weep at recalling my childhood in Hawaii. This is the second of the family owned (LOCAL*woot*) bakeries in Denver. Everything that is good about the American dream must be coming out of this bakery. Seriously, hand on heart, you will not leave there dissappointed.  Oh, grab a Veitnamese coffee while you are there - the ice totally rocks! The coolest cubes in town! No, you are the coolest cube in town because you will eat there!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,8/6/2011,175,262,6,14,12>Stingray is now open and has taken the place of what was Gelman's and the short lived Boston Fish Shack. What an awesome transition! It is now a cool 50s style decor bar and restaurant with cool couches and sassy lamps. The booths are in animal print and surround a pool table.This will be the perfect spot for summers on the patio and the entire area is fantastic with stools alongside a bar that overlooks 38th ave. They don't have their full menu out yet but I was told that it will be similar to Horseshoe Lounge's with pizza, sandwiches and tater tots (YES!) They served free pizza tonight to get the night going and it was super good. Really thin crust, light sauce and lots of different toppings to choose from.You have to go in and check it out. It's definitely a great new spot in the Highlands. I am so excited!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,8/5/2011,203,177,3,8,5>It's official. I love Ethiopian food.I fell in love with Ethiopian in Tampa, so I was so pleased to see that my new city offers several Ethiopian options. This particular restaurant is near my office, so I checked it out with a buddy for lunch. At 11:30am on a Friday there were maybe two or three other tables being served; it wasn't very busy. Our server did have some trouble communicating with us in English, but we were able to place our order without too much difficulty. We ordered the Nile Combination (#26 on the menu) which was advertised as including everything on the menu. My friend and I both laughed at this, but we were pleasantly surprised to see that our giant platter of food did--in fact--include just about everything on the menu. The foods were served on a huge piece of injera and our server also kept a good supply of injera on our table. I must say that I was very impressed by the quality of the injera. It was perfect! Even though my buddy ordered coffee, our total was like $16--so it was less than eight bucks each! This is a fantastic price for a huge Ethiopian lunch. Great deal. I'll certainly be returning.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,8/4/2011,40,46,8,9,9>Don't know what's gotten in to me lately. Maybe it's the oppressive heat and forgoing sweaty cardio in favor of A/C (because to quote the funniest movie of the summer, steam from the undercarriage gets caught up in second skin black Lycra workout pants); I haven't burnt off crazy energy. Or has the summer solstice sent a froggy monkey wrench into the gears of my circadian rhythms, throwing off natural flows and cycles? Because more than exercise or sex or Bono wailing emotive, it's food that's turning me on. I think of my next meal while eating my current one, fantasizing about sizzling, thick-cut steaks and corn dripping butter. Artichokes oozing molten Maytag blue cheese mixed with real cream, dunking and tearing each wet leaf over tongue and teeth.I need sushi. I need it bad.Sushi is sensuous. The act of eating raw protein feels somewhat forbidden and naughty, like no-no sex or tasting a tongue in your mouth. Sushi is salty and sweet, spicy and surprising, meant to be shared in big chewy mouthfuls and eaten with sticks and hands.And I get it at Go Fish.Ask about kitchen secrets, intricate and inventive hand rolls not found on the regular menu. Like The Hawaiian, a huge tuna roll topped with fresh crab and shredded toasted coconut. Give each meaty tower a swim through the white plum salty sauce (dusted with macadamia nuts) surrounding it.The Triple S (Spicy, Sweet, Sour) delivers each flavor in a love tap of a light punch; but don't dip into wasabi soy - you'll miss a layer. Wrapped up in seared spicy tuna and topped with perfectly cubed and vibrant Crayola-colored mango and papaya for sweet, raw asparagus inside for slightly sour. Presentation is playful and edible; eight pieces  surrounding a flashing neon cube light nestled under a pile of thinly shaved, julienned radish. For a lighter palate, the "low carb" rolls like the Spicy Tuna Naruto Roll (spicy tuna, crunch and avocado wrapped in cucumber, no rice) offer a clean finish and nice crunch.I've chronicled my ongoing quest for the best Smoked Salmon Nigiri, and Go Fish is the current and reigning champion. The delicate and happy pink salmon is subtle at first but with a lingering and sweet smoke finish.If you're not doing it in the raw, the menu at Go Fish is full of Asian eats and a full bar. The Pineapple Saketini-sake infused with fresh pineapple, stirred with top shelf vodka and served with a potent and long-soaked piece of the fresh fruit-is worth a stop alone. Ended the meal with not just one complimentary pineapple sake shot (always ice cold, always on the house and always delicious) but also a second infusion made that day of cucumber and pineapple. I asked if I could get a bottle to go.For after no-no time.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,8/3/2011,120,100,5,8,6>Why didn't someone force me to go here before?!?! Just chillin on my day off, I decided to go check this place out across town.I walk in, of course, a bit nervous because I still haven't decided and I really want to try their signature duffeyrolls...but can't seem to make a commitment when I see that their breakfast sandwiches already come with one! Score! I got a "Snappy Sausage" and it was delicious! As was the cute little roll on the side....drizzled with what tasted like a light citrus frosting. I also ordered a carmel latte and I can be a little picky about espresso drinks so when I say that this was one of the tastiest espressos I've had around Denver, thats saying something (I honestly don't get the hype over Kaladi Coffee down the road on Evans...no offense) Service? Great...my order was taken promptly and not only was my food brought out, but someone also stopped by and asked how everything was (well, of course, mid-bite, of all times..)Price? This was the only thing that that was a bit high, my order of a sandwich and latte (with a mini-duffey) was over $10. I'll certainly be back as I love the atmosphere....and definitely the coffee :)
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,8/2/2011,315,429,3,12,7>Holding down the northwest corner of Colfax and Vine, you'll find the unassuming yoga studio of Breathe.  This two-floor studio is packed with fantastic artwork, energy and zen.  You just need to step inside to experience its beauty.On the ground floor you'll find the cycling studio:  a dozen stationary bikes will get your heart pumping and your muscles burning while you ride to some great tunes.  Downstairs you'll find the cozy embrace of the yoga studio:  a friendly Ganesh watches over the surprisingly comfortable space with relatively dim lighting.  You'd never know that the hustle and bustle of Colfax was continuing on while you practice your downward dog.Forgot your mat, blocks, or bolster?  No worries, Breathe provides them for you at no extra charge.Now on to the classes!So far, I've checked out a handful of classes.  Here's the rundown:Yogacycle:  This is a cool class that begins with a 30 minute bike ride followed by a vinasaya-like yoga cool down.  I loved it!  What an awesome concept.  Be sure to sign up online to reserve your bike.Mind-Body-Fit:  Breathe's newest class, taught by Drew.  I was so curious about a circuit-style yoga + martial arts class that I couldn't resist popping in last Sunday.  Come in, leave your inhibitions at the door, and jump into Drew's inspiring and well, entertaining, class.  Combine asanas to create unique and challenging flows.  I haven't laughed so much in a yoga class!  If you want to try something *completely* different, stop in for this class.Yogaflow:  This is your traditional vinayasa flow class, but of course, with the flexibility of Breathe's teachers to adjust as they see fit.  Be ready for your hamstrings, thighs, and calves to be burning for a few days!After trying several different yoga studios throughout Denver, I was entirely impressed with Breathe, from the welcoming and cool atmosphere to the unique and wide range of classes.  Passionate teachers will welcome and help you continue in your practice. Step aside corporate giants, you've got some serious competition in town.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,8/1/2011,186,551,14,7,11>Pierre Michel, I apologize.  You see, I found you because of Yelp.  I was amazed at your creations, yet I forgot to review you in hopes of others finding your find establishment through Yelp.  That's completely my bad.  I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me.Prior to showing up at this tiny bakery located in a strip mall down from a King Soopers, I thought I'd had a croissant.  The truth is, I hadn't.  I walked in, my order was taken by a young lady with a French accent.  A younger man with a French accent came into the front of the house from the back and spoke with a French accent.  A little later on, an older man came out and spoke French with one of the customers.  Um, I'm pretty sure these cats are French, and it's a family run establishment.I ordered a croissant and some insane breakfast "sandwhich" or loaf of bread with like a four egg omelete inside a loaf of bread.  Absolutely sick and worthy of breakfast for 3 - 4 people.  The croissant was a thing of buttery, flaky bread beauty.  Some mornings, I wake up with morning wood thinking of these beauties.  Other mornings, I wake up in a nightmare wondering why the hell I ordered that delicious, but far too big omelete in a loaf of bread contraption.Check this place if you're down South in the morning.  They're good people, and even better bakers.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,7/31/2011,342,357,4,5,7>Yep, it's official.  I am a whole new woman.  Why, you ask?  Well, my Dim Sum cherry has finally been popped.  Bryan and I knew it had to be done, so we consulted with none other then expert Mayor Hans to aid with this.  He chose Star Kitchen, and took charge of the ordering to help guide us through the unfamiliar land of never-ending carts.Since I don't really eat seafood, I mostly stuck with the pork items.  Now since Hans did the ordering, I didn't really learn what each thing was called, I just know if I liked it or not.  My favorites were the glazed BBQ pork buns, the flaky BBQ pork thing, the pan fried pork dumplings, and the rice wrapped in lotus leaf.  I also enjoyed the pork soup dumplings, although the texture of the wrapper was a little gummy...overcooked, maybe?  Overall, it was an enjoyable experience, and I'm glad to have had a table of experts to help lead the way.  I'm excited to go back and give it a shot on my own, and order some things that looked good but didn't make it on our table (like the pan fried noodles).  Thanks again Hans!!!!!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,7/30/2011,110,737,2,4,4>I love smoking cigars and going to cigar bars, so I'm always looking for somewhere new and good to go. Churchill's is located inside the Brown Palace (just go thru the lobby and thru a set of double door's and there you go). It's very nice in there and feels like an old school bar. Everything is covered in wood and there's a few nice chandeliers. A very nicely stocked bar with a avery cool bartender in attendance. He came by several times to see if we needed anything and brought out a very nice assortment of nuts to snack on.They had a good portion of the wall covered in cigars for sale. There were some nice brands in there, although we didn't purchase anything so I'm not sure how their prices were. I brought my own.Prices on drinks were about what you'd expect. $8 for mixed drinks, so nothing too exorbitant (or cheap). Just writing the review is making me want to smoke! I'll be back.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,7/29/2011,61,101,5,3,3>So I've been living in this neighborhood for 5 years or so and I have driven by La Abeja about 50,000 times. This is sad b/c inside of this place is a crazy Mexican bakery awesome Mexican restaurant. Their tacos and burritos are out of control good. I'm a green chili snob and theirs is the business. The prices are a little high but I'll pay it, I would probably pay double. You have probably walked by it too and thought nothing of it... Take a look around and definitely swing through La Abeja the next time you want to get your Mexican on.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,7/28/2011,614,1007,5,4,6>This is a fantastic spot downtown. It is a bit trendy, but in a good way. The decor isn't overly pretentious, but it is detailed and beautiful.The bar is spacious and inviting yet still a little magical and romantic.The staff is professional and knowledgeable about the menu.The menu is a great example of fusion.I had the tuna sashimi tostada's - which were so flavorful and unique. The capers gave a really smart taste.We also tried the chicken empanada's and some beef whose name escapes me but is cooked at the table on a fire stone - very similar to a racalette(sp) in France but stone instead of metal. Regardless, simply delicious if you are into meat cooked your way with a divine wasabi sauce.I enjoyed every second of this place and look forward to returning..soon.In a dress.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,7/27/2011,306,629,4,7,8>I've visited Appaloosa Grill twice in the last six months, once on a Groupon-sponsored date with the now-fiancé and once at a post-conference dinner with a group.  Both times food and service were good.For dinner on our first visit I had the 10 oz. sirloin; it was a really good steak, but not quite as good as the one at Marlowe's.  He had the bison NY strip and really liked it.  For our conference group they gave up a 3 course for $36 deal with a salad, choice between pork, salmon, cajun fettucini and a vegetarian option, and the brownie dessert.  I had the cajun fettucini and I have to say it was great.  The peppers were a little bit overcooked and too soft, but the chicken was perfect and the sauce was delicious.  They made it SUPER easy to have separate checks for everyone in the group, and our table was ready when we arrived.  The only con of this place is that it can get super loud, especially once the live music arrives.I haven't been to enough restaurants and bars in downtown Denver to have a list of favorites yet, but this place could definitely end up on my list.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,7/26/2011,809,1185,1,6,7>OMG - FUN PLACE!I am still a novice with cheese although I do love it.  All kinds and more.  I listened to my fellow Yelpers and decided to take the trip after work and check this place out.  The woman working greeted me immediately with a smile and asked if I would like an samples.  I was overwhelmed with the massive selection and said I was just looking.  We proceeded to chit chat about the day and what I was looking for which was very nice and comfortable.  There is a great variety of cheese as well as some cured meats, crackers, and assorted sauces.  I am completely intrigued by a lot of the cheeses that I know nothing about.  I ended up walking out with some smoked Gouda and a creamy cheese that I can't remember the name of that the woman recommended.   A very nice store and I will definitely be back to try a more cheeses.  :)
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,7/24/2011,174,419,7,6,7>$4 for the happy hour HTB Kir Imperial.$4 for one of the most cost-effective buzzes of your life!...grant, I was imbibing on a post-run empty stomach, and was feeling toasty after only 4 sips.  However, I suspect the drink would still get weekend going even with food in the tum, and if not, hell order another one while it's still happy hour!And their veggie burger = A++.  I ordered the Shroom Lova's sub veggie patty.  Maybe it was a combo of the mushrooms, the Emanthaler, and/or the truffle aioli... but man I seriously had a panic moment thinking maybe the server didn't hear my "sub veggie burger" and I was eating (gasp) the real thing.  Alas I was not, as my friend assured me, "You've not eaten meat for too long...".  Still, it was pretty damn delicious and I will return soon for another.Only thing was a wee bit too much salt on the house-made fries (for me); I was retaining water like the Hoover dam later on.  But, well worth the discomfort for a(n occasional!) treat.  Plus, the server did a praiseworthy job of taking care of some 20-or-so wondering party members on a Friday night where the decibel level rivaled that of a hundred pneumatic riveters... so 5 stars all around for HT&B!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,7/23/2011,160,455,5,9,8>...About time I made it to this plane of Nirvana.  Between the hungry hordes of people that rated it 4 1/2 stars out of 5, and my good friend Robin H raving about this place, I was hungry enough to check it out being in the neighborhood today. (Course, I'm in that neighborhood ALL the time...and that could be a hazardous thing to my weight or cholesterol, I'm not sure which one is more endangered...:)Walking in, I was greeted in a friendly manner and immediately began perusing the menus overhead.  They do tortas (Mexican-style? sandwiches), and they do them well -- grilled in panini-style on delicious bread.  Would I rather have that than BK down the block?  Hell yes.  Going through the menus, I was drooling like a waterfall before I got through them all.  The sandwiches are all the same basic construction, bread. mayo, tomatoes, onions, avocados, chipotle, cheese, meat, beans and bread.  You request the meat. Or meat combos -- and what combos they have!!!  Steak and chicken.  Chorizo and carnitas.  Frogs legs and cheetah shank.  Ok, I'm making up that last one, but it wouldn't surprise me to see it here. :D  If you come up with a combo they don't already have up on the boards, they will make it for you -- which is exactly what I did with my steak and chorizo request.  The sandwiches, by the way, are about 1 1/2-2 times the size of a standard burger sandwich, and like I said, panini-style pressed.I don't really have words for how savory and delectable the ingredients were (especially the avocado...so ripe and amazing!), but you know how "bananas" and "pizza" and so on are supposed to be "perfect foods" and such?  Tortas from Las Tortas are now on my list as well.  Meat, veggies, grains, dairy, fruit (yes, squeaking tomatoes in there, that's FRUIT!)...so balanced, SO delicious!!!Bonus: My Android informed me I got a 10% off coupon for "checking in" there on the Yelp app.  Really?  Cheaper paradise? DONE.Pics GLADLY uploaded.  (This place could KILL if they were open till 11p-midnight on Fri/Sat.  Viva Burrito would go out of business.)
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,7/22/2011,52,137,2,8,4>I feel in many ways that beloved Pho 95 has been a victim of it's own success. As one of the 300+ reviewers, I feel somewhat responsible.The problem? There are now lines of Pho-loving folks queueing outside the door - even on weekdays. A great problem for Pho 95, but there are a couple of problems with this that have made for a not-so-awesome experience: 1. There is no waiting area. But even though there is no place to comfortably stand and wait, folks will crowd themselves in around the tables of people eating, or stand in the doorway letting in the cold air on winter days - making the entire dining room feel cramped and exposed. Nothing like freezing and having 20 people stare at you while you eat your Pho.2. There is no waiting list. And due to human nature, this makes people do some unexpected things (see cramming the dining room door above). We've also seen - and had to participate in - a lot of arguments about who is next in line among the customers. This is stressful and is a primary reason why we don't go to Pho 95 as often as we used to. It's just not a friendly place anymore; Not because of the staff - but because of the patrons. A piece of notebook paper with a pen on a board next to the door would work wonders with this problem.Still tasty, and still my favorite Pho for my money, but I've been in search for a replacement until some of the overpopularity problems have worked themselves out.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,7/20/2011,103,97,8,7,7>I don't do mornings, at all.  But, when I do I stop by this place to get the caffeine I so desperately need to keep from committing crude acts upon humanity so early in the day.  Why do I go here?  Because the staff serves up joe with enthusiasm and a smile.  Which is a nice change of pace from a few coffee houses in the area where I get served my coffee with a nice side of "go f**k yourself." Hey, it's early.  If you don't do early, don't work at a coffee house.Rooster & Moon also does a pretty standup job on their food as well.  I'm a fan of the Havanna, because pickles and mustard was made to be with each other. It's not a bad place to hang out with the laptop and get stuff done either.  Yes, they have WiFi, but some days it can be a little janky.  Gets a little busy 'round the lunch hour as well.  Lots of health and education professionals work in the area . Also, booze.  They've got a pretty good bar for being a coffee shop.  Or do they have pretty good coffee for being a bar? Either way, they'll get you to where you want to go.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2011,7/19/2011,90,231,8,7,5>Short & Sweet: Service: 3Food: 3Wait time: 2Price: 3Cleanliness of bathroom: 5In Prose: There are some things I absolutely adore in life. Aside from rainbows and puppies, cheeseburgers and french fries happen to make this list. How can you *not* love cheeseburgers and fried pieces of potato goodness? After hearing that the Cherry Cricket is renown for their burgers, I eagerly skipped my way there on a Friday night with a group of friends. Two mistakes there: 1. Going on a Friday night2. Going with a group of peopleIt was *incredibly* crowded. As in, we squished ourselves past the door, put our names on the wait-list (I'm sure Angelina Jolie doesn't need to deal with this kind of stuff), then flattened our bodies by sucking in our stomachs and walking our stick-straight selves to the bar. What else would you do with a 90 minute wait time? We ordered our drinks, then realized that there was absolutely no place to drink our beers in a semi state of peace. My friends and I, being wildly intelligent people, saw that after twenty-some minutes of standing awkwardly close to seated, burger munchers, realized there was a pool area in the back. Tip: Go wait in this area. I don't like to wait for long periods of time, especially when I arrive hungry. I had expected it to be busy, but not to this extreme. So. We waited. Then we were seated. We were asked by a hostess if we (all 7 of us) could scrunch and take up 2 tables as opposed to the 3 we were assigned. Apologetic, but seeing that we would be uncomfortably close to each other, we declined. The hostess walked off while we were expressing this, mid-sentence. I'm sorry that we didn't want others' elbows in our faces as we ate our dinners. Wait. Wait. No, I'm not sorry. At all. Our server was nice and accommodating. What with the wait being so long and all of the acclaim I've heard about the place, I was expecting my burger to be orgasmic. I ordered the recommended Cricket Jr burger (1/4 lb patty, I think) and a small side of the green chili sauce - "to die for!" No, not quite. The small chili sauce was barely enough to cover 1/3 of my burger and though the burger was tasty, it wasn't quite worth the wait. Would I return? Hmm.........................................ma...­y.....be......
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,7/18/2011,15,1,12,14,12>I recently transferred over to Dr. Theobald's office, and have been so happy with so many aspects of this office from working mainly with Brian at the front desk, as well as the Dr. Theobald, and his assistants.  Brian has really taken extra time to help me understand my dental plan, has gone above and beyond in reaching out to insurance, and providing answers to me, all in a VERY timely fashion. He's always so pleasant on the phone, and even though we're dealing with not the best things (insurance and dentistry) it's really been a breath of fresh air to know that I'm being treated as an actual person, not a number, and have received answers that aren't "canned" but actually real answers to my real questions. I think we call that effective communication.I have recently had to have a root canal on a tooth in which my previous dentist didn't remove all of the decay, and it continued to decay underneath the filling..... I hastily left that dentist, and thought I'd give Dr. Theobald a try. He gave me sound advice and gave me the tools and knowledge that I needed to make a great decision on 1. Where to get the root canal done (Dr. Levine)2. What the process would be like, and what to expect (no surprises)3. What my insurance would and wouldn't cover, and how much. (no surprises)I was VERY well informed through the full process.I just completed having my crown placed, and based on another comparable tooth that had the exact same procedure 6 months ago by a, different pair of dentist / endodontist, the experience and outcome with Dr. Theobald and Dr. Levine was BY Far... SUPERIOR! Thanks Dr. Theobald, Dr. Levine and Brian for all that you have done!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,7/17/2011,131,258,8,7,6>Before I say anything else...GET THERE EARLY!!!!!  Like Assisted Living EARLY!!!  Early Bird Specials EARLY!!!  Seriously people...get there at 5pm, 5:30pm, 6pm at the latest if you want to be sure to experience this fabulous cuisine.  Oh...and preferably on a weekday!Sound like too much of a hassle for dinner?  You're right, it is, don't go here.  Don't ever ever eat dinner here.  In fact, tell all your friends to stay away!(more room for us...LOL)Okay...so that was a joke.  It is most definitely, one thousand percent worth the trouble to experience the "experience" that is Z Cuisine.  We went super early (5:30 i think) on a weeknight for our anniversary and it was an experience I'll remember forever.  At first I was surprised by how ridiculously tiny it is (not only the space but also our table - it was a juggling act making room for all the plates and bottle of wine and glasses, etc.) but then once you settle in you really do forget you are in Denver.  I truly felt transported to another country.  I don't remember which appetizers we ordered exactly, just that they seemed like very complicated and technically advanced culinary apps and were very good, just not mind blowing.For dinner, however, I decided to try the Boeuf Bourguignonne having recently seen that movie "Julie and Julia."  Wow. Wow. And another Wow.  I wish I could preserve it in the freezer like people do wedding cake and every once in a while just pull it out and have a few bites.  It would lift my spirits on any day.  It was mind alteringly (is that a word?) good.  The beef just fell apart and the potatoes underneath were divine.  We were there for a really long time (over 2 hours I think) so don't expect rushed service.  This is an all night experience!  We ended up going next door to their separate bar area for an additional glass of wine after dinner to "round off" our night.  I wish I could eat here all the time.  Until next time...I enjoy it in my dreams when I close my eyes at night.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,7/16/2011,459,806,8,5,8>My husband and I live in this strange slice of culture where we like hipster bars and hipster culture but we are not friends with hipsters, I personally do not think we are hipsters, (i don't like big cardigans), and hipsters always look at us funny. So, I guess we're not hipsters, but boy do we like their hangouts!In our ongoing effort to find a bar with cheap booze, strong drinks, and good food, where people will leave us alone, except for the waitstaff, we end up coming to hipster places time and again. We've been to Sputnik in the later evenings, both in happy hour and not, both sitting at the bar and in a booth, and we've gotten good service throughout. The drinks have been tasty, and the bartenders have been accommodating, like when my husband wanted a drink that involved High Life, without High Life. We got the bahn mi last visit, and it was tasty. Definitely a little mainstreamed, but tasty all the same. i really like that their fries come with dipping sauces- we really like the sriracha ranch, and the mango habanero chutney. Most of all, though, I do like the level of service we've gotten, where my water has stayed filled, but we haven't felt smothered by the staff, nor have we felt pressured to leave even when the bar filled up considerably. We're not in this neighborhood a lot, but it's a good excuse to go down Broadway, see a movie at the Mayan, and have a nice hangout afterward.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,7/15/2011,41,92,7,7,7>This place is confusing. I originally reviewed it as "New Saigon Bowl" because I thought that was it's name. Turns out, it's called "Saigon Bowl", but it's proper name must be "Dong Khanh Restaurant", because it's listed as such in Yelp. Confused yet? I sure am. Now on to my review...Oh. My. Gah. This place is delicious!!! I met up with some friends for a Sunday afternoon lunch and it was packed. Don't be afraid if you walk in and there's standing room only... they'll seat you rather quickly.I have to admit, when I first opened the menu I was a bit overwhelmed. Thankfully, one of my friends is Vietnamese, so she suggested we order the Dong Khanh Appetizer. There were four of us and this was plenty for all of us to share. It's a platter of pork, chicken, grilled shrimp, beef and assorted vegetables. It also comes with rice papers and a bowl of hot water (to dip the rice papers) so you can make your own rolls. I don't know about you, but I LOVE when I can make my own food. It also comes with dipping sauces, so you can run wild with your meat and flavor combinations.I also ordered the chicken fried rice, to which my Vietnamese friend said, "Way to order the one Chinese item in the Vietnamese restaurant, Chérie!" Hey, I wanted to have something to fall back on just in case. ;) The chicken fried rice was delicious!If you go, you MUST try the CA PHE DA. It's a Vietnamese coffee that comes in a pot on top of sweetened milk with a glass of ice on the side. You pour the coffee on top of the sweetened milk, give it a good stir, then pour it over the ice. It was SO GOOD!!!After all was said and done, we had a table full of food that we all split. It came out to be a whopping $40 (including the tip). A fantastic lunch for only $10? Sign me up!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,7/14/2011,429,263,5,7,10>BestBarIdeaEverAs a "seasoned" 80's child- I can honestly say this place ROCKS!Imagine an "Old Skool" Aladdin's Castle Video Arcade on an original TRON Light cycle collision course with a dive bar...now you get it!But wait-- there's more!!Pinball, Skee Ball and GIANT JENGA to be enjoyed!!tip= when GIANT JENGA towers fall= EVERYONE knows!!fun stuffA younger "Hipster" generation is enjoying very simple video games, shots and canned beer-- I'd say the future is in good hands.Bring your $10 Quarter rolls -- and get your Retro Geek on Denver!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,7/13/2011,130,843,5,15,11>Stick a toe tag happy hour menu on me, lay me on a recycled industrial roller table, stuff me with pad thai, let me rest looking at Denver's skyline.I've been in Portugal for 3 months, feasting my eyes on Denver's food news. My friends required gluten free, so I first want to point out Linger's descriptive online menu. GF (gluten free), NF (nut free) and V (vegetarian). This sold my friends along with the possibility of happy hour specials. Knowing Linger came from Justin Cucci, creator of Root Down, only made the possibilities better.Knowing Root Down's popularity, I arrived promptly at 4pm to the hostess' surprise. Linger is difficult to find depending on where you park. Here's a hint: Look Up. Let the Olinger Mortuaries sign be your guide to 2030 30th Avenue. I was surprised when I saw the small door. Then I opened it to a cavernous space. I love the brick walls, high ceilings, recycled industrial equipment, billiard ball collection, varied seating options, lite brites on the bar.They have a large staff. Our waitress was very attentive, informative, helpful, and patient that I was waiting for my late friends. In the meantime, I enjoyed the Lemongrass Boca Loca Caipirinha. Memories of Portugal carried through that sweet, tart, eye opening, tingly numb mouthfeel drink. The bar looked well stocked and they have 8+ beers on tap.Finally, my friends arrived and we dug into their happy hour and dinner menus (at 5:30 for dinner menu selections). While deciding, my friend asked about their Horchata which wasn't made yet, but our waitress suggested she try the Costa Rican Pinolilo. That sample elicited a "holy crap, wow, holy hell". Clearly, it was amazing, so she ordered the drink.*Popper Breakdown - my first pepper lit a fire underneath me. I lucked out, selecting the one overly spiced (thought my threshold was weak). The cheese curds with blood orange jalapeno jam cooled me down.  Those curds were amazing. My second pepper was much better.*Maple Leaf Duck Wings - tasted like jelly or apple butter on the wings. Great meat on the bone. Loved the crunchiness on the ends. Mostly ignored the dressing and went with the shaved fennel on top.*Organic Waffle Sweet Potato Fries - You could taste the potato. You could imagine cutting open a sweet potato to eat it at Thanksgiving. Others might like their food's natural flavors masked, but I enjoy the openness of Linger's kitchen.Next up was the dinner menu. My friends and I weren't through yet. Linger was slowly filling up. It was comfortably full by 5:15 and swelling by 5:40. *Pad Thai - my Asian friends quizzed our waitress and she said that Cucci and a friend would travel the world sampling food and then ask for the street vendors' recipes. YES! I understand what I was missing. Subtle layers of flavors interacting with my palate. My friend thought the tamarind was a bit heavy.*Chicken B'stilla - cinnamon, nuttiness, reminded me of Christmas and cold weather spirits like St. Elizabeth's Dram.*Lamb Belly Tagine - the crispy top layer was best. Overall, it was an ok dish.Oh! And our waitress informed us the Horchata was prepared and let us have a sample. That was amazing! Thick, tasting of sweet corn (where did I get that? wild rice, quinoa, cinnamon, almond), so good, so healthy. Order their drinks!Our bill was erased, but we helped our waitress fill in the gaps. The Pinolilo was comped as a result. I started with a 4 star rating, but I got more excited as I wrote. Linger is a fabulous restaurant I plan to frequent more. I salute the inventiveness, fresh flavors, and world cuisine.Notes: ample parking but you're competing with Lola's and Vita. Show up early for Happy Hour or be prepared to stand. Quite frankly, if you're here to eat and I hope you are, sit down, bring friends and share your menu selections. It's a very young, hip crowd here, perfect for socializing. They have high chairs for young children. The servers don't blink an eye if have the billiard balls with you upstairs.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,7/12/2011,164,209,1,14,8>If you are fortunate enough to live in Northwest Denver, I'd wager that Lou's just may become your new favorite spot. Don't get confused about the sign on the side of their building that has an arrow pointing away from the building...you are in the right place. Their service is on par with Luca and Mizuna, though their prices are more akin to Osteria Marco. Staff is knowledgeable about almost all the items and no less than seven different people stopped by our table to clear cutlery, fill water, chat with us about our meal, etc. It seemed a bit overkill, but I would do the same if I had just opened up a restaurant. Their french onion soup was amazing.  Lots of gooey cheese and bread like you'd expect, though I found myself wishing for more broth to balance it out. Salade Lyonnaise was amazing - one of the best salads I've had in recent memory. If you order nothing else at Lou's, I would encourage everyone to try the thai sausage with curried potatoes.  Denver is fortunate enough to have some great makers of sausage, but this one beat them all. The cheese plate was also amazing.  The bleu cheese and chevre were particular standouts. Overall, I can't wait to return and I'm so happy to have a Bonano "concept" in  my neighborhood.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,7/11/2011,197,231,7,13,8>I work with some dudes that live in the southern suburban area of Denver, so we end up meeting here from time to time to get work done and sync up.  I have to say, well done Solid Grounds.  You have reasonable coffee, allow people to run a tab, and have a large snack and sandwich selection.  On top of all of this, they have not only a huge amount of seating with available power plugs and free wifi, but they also allow you to sign up for and check out private work rooms much like a co-working space would.  Pretty top dollar if you ask me.  I have to say that while you don't stand up to Pablo's in the coffee-brewing capacity, your other amenities make you ideal for the floating worker like myself.  Zing!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,7/10/2011,389,548,8,8,8>I know that this is my second update, but I guess I don't come to this place often enough and when I do, it feels like a new restaurant!David P and I ended up here on the way home after a very precarious (read: drunken) bike ride from Westword Music Showcase.  We sat down at the bar and the bartender says "you guys look like you could use a drink!"No, we really couldn't use a drink.  But thanks for playing!What we could use was a tasty sushi roll (did you know Saturdays are "Sushi Saturdays" at Jonesys?)  Seems like an odd choice for an "EatBar" but we ordered one with tuna, cream cheese and jalepenos.  It was actually a really solid roll - it held together well and had a decent amount of heat.For dinner, I ordered the un-meatloaf.  I'm not sure what all was in it, but the primary ingredient seemed to be quinoa.  It came with a side of chunky, buttery mashed potatoes, some really good veggies (broccoli, red peppers, squash, onions) and covered in an herby brown gravy.  Per usual custom (and likely because I was drinky), I ate all of the gravy off and then requested a side of gravy for the leftovers to which the bartender graciously obliged.  They also give you the pie pan with a plastic lid set-up for leftovers which is good for bike rides.  The un-meatloaf and accompanying sides made for a satisifying hangover lunch the next day.David P has some sliders and he got buffalo fries as his side and I helped him with these.  Jonesys seriously has some darn good fries.  Even though they're often covered in delicious toppings, they don't lose their crispiness very easily.I should really get over to this place more often.  Next time, not as drinky as they have a darn fine beer list.  We also made a friend while sitting at the bar.  Hooray for new friends!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,7/9/2011,73,96,4,3,5>Not sure I totally understand all the negative feedback. I hit up the Ale House with the wifey on Rockies opening day for a late lunch n'beers. The place was busy, but not packed, and we found a nice corner table in the bar where we could watch the game.Upon perusing the beer list, I was pleasantly surprised to find several favorites, plus a whole raft of things I wanted to try! Settled on the Golden Monkey, by Victory. (which is delicious, btw)I really appreciate the fact that while this place is a joint venture between Wynkoop and Breckenridge breweries, they are not so self-involved that they only tap their own beers. Both institutions make some delicious beers, but the Denver being the Napa Valley of Beers, there are plenty of greats to choose from, and they make a strong showing at Ale House. (sidenote, they also serve beers that aren't ales, in case you were worried  :D)The food was pretty delicious. It was fairly typical bar food, but thats' ok--I am totally willing to pay bar food prices for bar food. If you don't want bar food..well you're in the wrong place and you should walk 100 yards and have some offal at Colt & Gray. There are plenty of delicious options in the neighborhood, and I'm glad that Ale House has joined them.Service was very friendly, the hostess even held the door open for us as we arrived, and our server was very attentive (and an IPA fan, which I appreciate). I am always hesitant to judge a place solely on service (which a lot of other reviews seem to do) and while its true, service experience can really make or break a place, I think what is more telling is whether management is willing to deal with any potential issues. From what I've seen (more replies to reviews than pretty much any other place on yelp) it seems like they are willing. So, go drink some beers, and enjoy the amazing patio...I'll be there!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,7/8/2011,61,160,4,8,6>We realized that Larkburger was dishing out two-dollar burgers yesterday while toting home a car full of groceries. To make dinner, or to Larkburger?  Larkburger!  Although the line was overwhelmingly long, the wait was worth it.As with any new place, it had its strengths and weaknesses. They mastered the burger and fries.  The burger was cooked perfectly and had tons of flavor; the cheddar cheese on top was perfectly sharp and complimented the tender beef. The french fries actually tasted like potatoes, just the way I like them. One downfall: the chocolate shake.  It tasted like a science experiment gone wrong. Yeah, it was thick and chocolatey, but it had this bitter after taste that reminded me of either a) live active cultures like I'd have in my morning yogurt or at one of those trendy yogurt places or b) black bean puree, which my weight conscious friends sometimes try to slip into brownies for an unlikely "health booster" but flavor hindrance. We were impressed by the friendly service.  With lines out the door and hungry customers glaring at you while waiting for their food, how could you still have a smile on your face at 7:00 PM? I'm not sure what the secret is, but they won me over and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,7/7/2011,152,243,5,3,6>10:50am Saturday Party of 2 Eight minute wait. I ordered a coffee and the Pope Benedict which was the daily special. It was slices of sour dough bread, topped with oven dried tomatoes, bacon, poached eggs, and hollandaise. After the first bite I knew I had to savor every subsequent morsel I shoved into my mouth. I sat there for awhile trying not to freak out to my boyfriend about how good it was. Halfway through, I started counting down how many bites I had left. I only have about 10 more forkfuls... now 8... now 5... maybe I should take a water break and show some restraint... now 3... okay I should answer the question he just asked but I only have 2 bites left... Oh man, only one bite left, I hope he stops talking so I can relish this moment....Bartenders/Servers were hipstery and friendly. They made conversation like out of a movie. They poured coffee and asked how our day was going. They thanked us for coming in and told us to come back soon. What is this? Good customer service at a breakfast place? I was dumbfounded.It's a little spendy for breakfast for two, but really, who can put a price on great food and good service? (Well, I can... $30 is the price)
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,7/6/2011,56,676,5,6,6>The first time I went to ModMarket, there was a fundraiser with kids running all over the place. Huge turnoff.However, I went again yesterday, and things improved ten fold. I was even able to use their Boylan Soda machine this time, props to that machine. I love Boylan Cream Soda.This time, we ordered a Coconut Salad, BBQ Pizza, and a cup of Tomato Soup. While the prices do seem expensive at first, they are no more expensive then what you would find at the Panera down the road ($20 for 2 You Pick two Items). The food at ModMarket is much higher quality, so I would go here over a similar place such as Panera and the like. Plus, they have Hazed and Infuzed by Boulder Beer.As far as quality, the Pizza was delicious. Great crust. The soup was also good. The best item was the Coconut Salad - I read about the salad on Yelp and it certainly tasted as good as everyone said. All in all, great place. I think a cool thing would be to do some beer pairings at a place like this.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,7/5/2011,336,514,1,9,5>I LOVE me some backcountry!After sampling all things yummy at the most recent elite event, i decided to indulge in my sammich craving and try something i hadn't yet from the menu. i chose the turkey trailhead...fully loaded with fresh turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, cheese & avocado on toasted whole wheat bread and O.M.G it was amazing.-everyone was super friendly, welcoming and after telling them my name for the order, they called me by name the entire time i was in there :)-i love that they have beer/liquor now. i didn't indulge myself too much [as i was on my lunch break from work. ha!] but it sure tempts me as i'm walking home from work!-the quality is outstanding. freshness is their motto...and boy does it hold true!only ouch factor?-the prices. $9 for a sammich is pretty pricey, but def worth it. plus they offer mannnnyyyy coupons online and even a text $5 gift card.:)
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,7/4/2011,28,90,5,6,5>Okay, best and worst out of the way first - but you're not going to get very many reviews that give you a lot better info than this one.  The lamb shank is TO DIE FOR, but my better half always says "don't look at the floor".  I don't really care, so long as the stuff on my plate rocks.Like the airport or bus station or hospital, this place gets the whole range of society, from the Eritrean cab driver, to the late-night heavy duty munchies DU student, to the Orthopedic Surgeon, to families to young couples in love all over each other.  How many restaurants in Denver can claim such fun? None. Period.  And it's open late.Downside: Schwarma usual American-taste crap. Service can be spotty.  Kabobs often drift to the dry side. Take out is utterly dysfunctional. Parking is like a bad amusement park ride.Much Bigger Upside: Servers from a wide variety of ethnicities, a kitchen with that 4 guys that can barely avoid bumping into each other (cool - like a really fun movie subplot), and - did I mention the lamb shanks?  Stuffed grapes leaves (cold variety) are most excellent, great cucumber salad, and the best hummus this side of Chicago (people come in with plates during the holidays just to get a plateful of hummus to bring as a side dish). Very good small stuffed game hen.  Now, the secret few know about.  It's like the secret passage to the Conservatory in Clue, it's - the graybas (sp?). They're S-shaped pastries (in the glass cabinet you lean on while endlessly waiting for your worth-waiting-for takeout), and you've never had anything so sinfully good, and I don't even like pastries that much.  Their pedestrian outside yields no hint of the culinary ecstacy that lies beneath.No one should leave without a graybah. But if you tell someone then you have to kill them.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,7/3/2011,126,120,3,6,7>When I heard there was a personalized drip coffee spot in Denver I had to try it out. I opted for the coffee of the day which I think was called "micay" from Colombia. The small was $2, a medium $2.5The coffee was excellent, and if you're a snob about your java I recommend giving this place a try. For the quality and service of the personal drip I didn't feel it was over-priced. I glanced at the espresso menu and a latte for $3.5 seems pretty standard to me as well. I set up shop with my laptop to get some studying under my belt. I noticed I wasn't the only patron with a notebook, but several others were chatting over coffee.. personally, i like the mix. My only qualm is paying for parking, which adds a dollar or two to your total if you plan to hang around. I think I'll just have to make it a sunday treat when metered parking is free.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,7/2/2011,397,602,6,11,9>This place deserves 5 stars, from solid food to amazing service!!! Doesn't get much friendlier than this.I hate to keep making the Chipotle comparison but that's exactly what this place is...seriously. Not a bad thing in my mind. After reading Gitana's review about getting the salad on my next visit I decided to do the same. When I got the indian taco before, I didn't care for the fry bread as much since it got pretty soggy. Getting a full bowl of food with the fry bread on the side is the way to go here. You can choose to eat your food with it, or with honey like I do!!!!This place was so damn good we went twice in the matter of 12 hours after not coming back after my previous review last summer. This place is on the "not break the bank places to go when we don't want to cook" radar for sure. Come here for an unforgettable dining experience as I believe this is the only American Indian place in Denver.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,7/1/2011,267,467,4,9,5>After spending the winter in Mexico I end up with cravings for certain things back here at home that I just can't get there.  Among my most frequent "I got have it, I got have it NOW!" cravings is the Sesame Chicken at Imperial.  It is simply the best I've ever had.  I know it's not "authentic" Chinese but lord help me I love it  The perfectly balanced sauce - a little sweet, a little sour, a little hint of heat (I always ask for extra spicy) over tender "real" chicken chunks that have been lightly fried and still remain juicy and tender.  Oh baby - look out for the flying chopsticks.Really, that's a meal for me but sometimes I'll splurge on the Imperial Rolls, Scallion Pancakes, or Hot and Sour Soup.  All excellent.  When I dine in I almost always have fish.  I love the whole steamed bass (a little hard to take out).  So simple, yet you taste the delicate fish through the light sauce.The place is lovely, service professional, it is immaculate and a real Denver institution.  I know there are haters here.  I say everyone is entitled to their opinion and mine is that this is the best Americanized Chinese in Denver.  Period.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,6/30/2011,35,100,9,6,4>Once upon a time, a strapping, handsome young man decided to venture into the alluring world of Indian spice and cuisine.  Of all the international flavors prevalent in Denver, he was the least familiar and least experienced with Indian food for whatever reason.  The first time eating Indian, his tummy felt like it was chopped up internally by the cheap set of ginsu knives his sweet ol' Granny bought from a local door to door salesman.  The painful result of this first experience was quelled by approximately 1 full bottle of full strength TUMS, consumed concurrently with a gallon of milk.  He didn't get much sleep that night, and let's not EVEN talk about several subsequent experiences the next day.Years went by.  Indian food never so much as crossed his mind.  Then, one night, he and his dining companion decided to try Little India on a whim.  He was familiar with the fact that Little India is a popular Denver chain.  He was terrified his night would turn into Granny's Ginsu Knives, Part II.  He pre-bought a bottle of fresh TUMS......but he didn't need them.  He was happy to discover that Little India served up some mean (in a good way), quality Indian food.  He tried the traditional curry and the vindaloo, with a little garlic naan thrown in for good measure.  The rice accompanying the meal was fluffy and nearly perfect.  He was a little disappointed that the portions seemed a little less than generous, but it didn't blow the experience for him.There may have been a TUMS (or two) involved with the evening, but that's beside the point.  He learned a valuable lesson: Indian food doesn't always have to turn into Granny's GInsu Tummy Nightmare, Part XII.  Rather, Little India serves some quality food that won't leave you feeling intestinally downtrodden.  It's delicious, and he'll be back.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,6/29/2011,208,498,1,9,7>I have started a new quest called Mexi-Quest, wherein I search for the best Mexican food in D-town and wherever else I find myself. La Loma has been on my list of bookmarks for months because I heard they had good food and homemade tortillas, so I was excited when I convinced my foodie bestie to go on Mexi-Quest with me last night, and to start our quest at La Loma.First off this place is freaking enormous. It just keeps going, room after room. Which is nice because I was afraid we would have a terrible wait but it only ended up being around 10 minutes. We were also provided with a huge bowl of fresh chips and nice spicy salsa momentarily which was excellent. Our waitress didn't speak the best English but she was very nice.We started off with the mini-rellenos and chimichangas and they were really tasty, hot, crispy, fried goodness. Recommended if you want a taste of the deep fried stuff but not be grossed out by yourself by ordering them as your entree. As a side note we are both on the wagon right now but the margaritas looked awesome - huge, fruity, yum. Jealous!I had the chicken enchiladas and they were very tasty. Tons of chicken inside, the rice and beans were great. The beans especially were nice and creamy (i.e. probably made with lard, excellent!), and at most Mexican restaurants I feel that the rice is terrible, but this rice was delicious. You could tell it hadn't been sitting around forever as it does at most places. I am no green chile sauce expert but this was really nice and spicy. I do feel that La Loma is not cheap, but considering how good the food is, I think it's worth a few extra dollars over other local places. Although I must continue my quest at other places, I think I have found a new favorite Mexican restaurant in Denver!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,6/28/2011,153,235,4,5,4>I stopped in today to see if they had any "Jamaica Me Nuts" beans. This flavor of coffee is a carmely, wonderful blend that always has had everyone in my office asking what smells so great when it is brewing. Unfortunately, they were out and took my phone number so that they can let me know when it comes in. I have been going to Esteamers for years, but have moved out of the area. Bummer. The customer service is outstanding. I have never been served a cup of coffee here by a crabby Barista. Ever. They only take cash or check here....they do have a cash machine in the back if you need it...on more than one occasion they have offered to let me take my coffee drink, or my beans and have told me that I can come back and pay them later if I did not have cash, or the ATM was down. Really....that is so old fashioned. An honor systym in this day and age. Wow. I am going to make a point of coming back here (with cash) as often as possible to support a business that still believes in people and treats their customers so well. (and makes great coffee !!!!)
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,6/27/2011,119,122,6,7,5>Burrito Giant. You will never find a more bizarre hive of chili and ellipticals. We must be cautious.Finally got to try this place out, after bookmarking it months ago. This burrito joint, literally a three minute walk from my house, should've been closely acquainted with me a long time ago. My expectations were vague, while raised, but I don't think they went unmet. I'm pretty sure. Dude, is that a Nordictrac?!Craving burritos of the non-corporate, semi-homemade variety, I stopped in this weekend with a buddy who owed me lunch. Surprised to find barbeque on the menu, I decided against the burritos, in one of my telltale turns of heart. But not before a complimentary sample of the green chili...Holy smokes, folks. Not that I'm any champion of hot food, but this stuff put hair on my chest (I checked, back in the comfort of my own WC). The gentleman behind the counter said it would "go great with that Slurpee", and he wasn't kidding. I had to gulp the ice down to relieve the burn...but the smoky flavor left my burnt tastebuds wanting more. Probably on the next visit. This trip, there was barbecue had.Sadly, it looks like Burrito Giant have recently suffered the loss of their head chef, as evidenced by a touching memoriam posted underneath the menu. This may explain the curious absence of 'Merican side dishes on the menu (all pork and no beans make John a dull boy), but I pressed on and welcomed a side of pinto beans and Spanish rice with my pulled pork plate. Not a bad combination, but the sides were nothing special. The pork was a little dry, but certainly tasty--the tang of the house barbeque sauce was magnified by Louisiana Hot Sauce once I got home (free tip).My friend opted for the vegetarian smothered burrito, and vouched for it. The thing was scattered, smothered, and COVERED with the chili, too, so you know they don't slouch on the flagship dish. A steal for five bucks.Until I can confirm the quality of the burritos, it's nice knowing that there's quality barbeque a stone's throw from home. The folks working the counter were fun, easy-going, and quick on our order. We were in and out in less than five minutes, not even enough time to examine the curious wares for sale in the dining (?) room of the space. Curiouser and curiouser, Burrito Giant. I'll be back soon as I regrow the mucus lining that was burned off from that green chili...
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,6/26/2011,14,47,3,6,7>Everytime I walk into this place, I look for the owner, a 5' tall Chinese woman, who usually stands near the front register.  Her friendly demeanor and warm greetings welcome you to the restaurant.  Being a regular, she knows my name and always takes time to talk to me, chit chatting about work, my GF, life......Do I know her name?? NO.  Why??  Because I call her "Momma", and she  calls me "Son".  Many times during lunch, other customers over hear the two of us greeting each other as "Momma and Son" that they mistake us for being family.  "Momma" goes out of her way to pay attention and listen to her patrons.  Service for me never seems lacking, but I am more tolerant since the restaurant always seems full to me, so the servers cover more tables then they should.  But I go there for the food.  As long as the servers are nice, which they are, I can accept delays.  Going at lunch time, or Fri/Sat., expect some delays, but even when I had to wait, the always brought me out a free egg roll or a few chicken wings to tide me over.Now to the food:Though I yet to try every single item on the menu, I look forward to doing so for as long as the place stays open.  :-).  Here I list some of my favs:The egg drop soup sports a nice mild broth, intermingled with egg whites, tofu, and green peas.  Not too salty or bland, but a perfect balance of flavor allowing you to add whatever condiments you want to enhance taste.  I opt for black pepper, with a dash of soy sauce.  The hot and sour soup holds the perfect amount of spiciness and sourness for me.  Just enough to tickle the taste buds.  Finding the perfect mix of sour and spicy can prove difficult, but they found a recipe that works.  Once again, it allows patrons to adjust according to personal likes.  I again choose black pepper, and a bit of the spicy chili to, in the words of Emeril, kick it up a notch.For an appetizer, I go with the Salt and Pepper Spicy chicken wings.  This dish comes garnished with diced onions and julienned cabbage.  The wings come in ample sizes, with a 50/50 drums to wings distribution.  They taste more like nice fried chicken dish, with a hint of salt and pepper.  I am suspecting a dry rub before the fryer, and hence you see no sauce unlike a Buffalo wing order.For main courses, I enjoy the General Tso's chicken, the Beef Basil dish, and the lo mein combination. All three dishes offer a wide variety for a variety of pallates.  The GTC tends to lean a bit on the sweet side, mixed in with large sections of peppers for a spicy bite.  Deep fried first, then sauteed again with the sauce and veggies. Yum.The Beef Basil hints at a Thai influence, however, the use of the fresh basil comes across distinctly chinese.  The dish juggles together soy sauce, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions, cauliflower, and large cut sections of jalapeno peppers with large tender sections of beef. The basil only adds to the flavor, but does not overwhelm.  A surprising dish, and a constant staple when I eat there.The lo mein uses nice thick noodles, which I LOVE.  The cook it up in a wok, add the necessary condiments soy sauce, meat of choice, and your veggies, and this offers a filing and tasty carbo loaded meal.  Greasy, of course, but it is Chinese food.I noticed dumplings in previous yelp reviews.  I guess I know what I need to order next.  :-)
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,6/25/2011,702,888,2,10,10>This little place is amazing. My husband, a friend and I ate here last night and I'm pretty sure this is as good as it gets. The reviews are correct, this food does not come out super fast. But we arrived a little after 7, it closes at 8, and every table was full. So waiting 20-30 minutes for made-to-order food in that case doesn't bother me. We were starving and wanted to sample everything, so we all ordered the $10.99 plate with an empanada, arepa, corn cakes, fried plantains and the doughy bread sticks filled with cheese. Talk about a platter of food. I was stuffed after eating my two bread sticks and two corn cakes topped with melted cheese. They were both DELICIOUS, heavenly, soft, warm, cheesy, perfection. I barely made a dent in my arepa which was stuffed with chicken salad, cheese and avocado. While that tasted great, next time I will just get one empanada - not only are they enormous and plenty of food on their own (and cheap! $3-$4.75), but the combo of the soft doughy interior and crisp, not greasy exterior was out of this world. It was almost like a little calzone and I actually prefer that to the pastry-type flaky crust of other empanadas I've had. I ordered the chile rellenos empanada and I will definitely get it again! Cheese and peppers, fried, more cheese, fried again...how can you go wrong? Well, you can't. But what pushed this meal over the top were the three sauces served in squeeze bottles - a green cilantro/pepper mixture, a pink mayo/green chile mixture and a chunky hot salsa. Just squirt them all on your plate and enjoy. The three of us practically drained the bottles, they were that good. My friend ordered a coconut milkshake that was so fresh, cool and smooth. I have almost an entire empanada and arepa leftover for lunch today and there is going to be some jealousy in the office kitchen when I heat up these little puffy nuggets of melted cheesy heaven.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,6/24/2011,203,562,1,6,5>Can you be in love with a restaurant?  Well I am and my friends are.  I picked this restaurant because one of my friends worked for Yellow Cab 25 years ago.  I was excited to show how neat the area was and hoping the food would delight them.  Yes they all were impressed.  Phew! They are only opened for dinner Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights.  I am glad it was a Thursday night.  I can't imagine getting there and the sign read closed.  It happened with some some friends I took there from Mexico.  We were bumbed.  But I really was just showing them around the fun areas of DT.Last night they introduced a new menu.  It was wonderful. We shared little plates, had strawberry and Kiwi Caiprianas.  I almost didn't order one because I had the best last Saturday night at Terry's and Claudias.  However I talked so much about them the friends had to try them for themselves.  Yes they were good but not as good as last week. Oh back to the food.  We had mussels in a curry sauce, cheese and meat antipasto with pickled grapes, chili rellenos, and kabobs with baba ganosh.  Yum.Then we shared 3 yes 3 desserts.  40 layer chocolate cake made with crepes.  OMG!  A rhubarb crisp with a nutty ice cream scoop.  Delicious!  The last one was a lemon and lavendar mouse.  Another OMG!  Plus spun sugar on the cake and crisp.  WW for sure here I come.  The coffee as fabulous.  The service was spectacular.  Everyone there was helping each other.  They were friendly, helpful and just darn cute.  We sat outside after our meal to finish our conversations.  The girls came over to see if we were in need of water or anything.  We mentioned how pretty it would be with little lights on the trees. Viola!  There were lights.Fuel Cafe is the complete package all the way around.  It is a great place for a party.  There was one going on in the back and it looked like fun.  I wanted to crash but our party of 4 was just perfect.Yes I will return with friends and family.  It is in a strange little are but do not worry.  You will enjoy. Once you find it you will not have trouble the next time you go.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,6/23/2011,128,109,1,11,6>This was my first time at Tammy's and I will definitely be going back (i need to try a cute little design next time!).  Like Jess mentioned, they have a pedicure special going on right now.  I think that was the best $20 I've spent!The staff was great, the location is great for me (I live close by) and there's 2 hour parking out front.My pedicure included a soak, grooming, paraffin wax, an awesome foot/calf massage and hot towel foot wrap.  The OPI colors they have available are fantastic as well and always seem to last longer than other brands.  As has been mentioned before, there is new ownership in place now and they've ordered all new pipeless, humantouch pedi chairs. Tammy is definitely a nail salon, not a spa, so if you want a super deluxe spa treatment and environment, this is not the spot for you. However, if you want a fantastically relaxing mani or pedi from a wonderfully professional staff, you MUST come check out Tammy's.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,6/22/2011,99,209,6,6,5>Have you ever met anyone that you liked but was kind of ho-hum, which made you want to PUNCH them in the face, or get them drunk, to liven them up just a little bit?Yeah, I guess that's how I feel about Domo.  When you arrive, the building looks like an abandoned factory, and when you enter through the dungeon-like entrance, passing the "not responsible for stolen items from vehicles"-like sign, you wonder if your invitation to dine here was some cruel joke and you are about to be initiated into, if not consumed by, a dangerous, secret society.  But once inside, you scan the interior like a kid transported into a theme park for the first time because your insides are squealing "COOL!!".  The garden is enchanting in the warmer months, and the interior has a great floor-to-ceiling Japanese country-style vibe.  But when you get to the food, that's when you feel like punching.  You are not allowed to add soy sauce, or let alone ask for it, and the portions seem good but always leave me hungry-at least the lunch portions.  The restaurant is great because it boasts affiliation with charity work beyond our borders.  But the food.. it's good but mediocre, therefore lacking the personality so heavily expressed elsewhere in the ambiance and restaurant concept.  So when I think about going to Domo, I get giddy because I love the ambiance.  But I also automatically lower my standard in anticipation for the food because I know that it's not anything to get riled up over or ever crave.  Ultimately, I recommend anyone to visit Domo, at least once, if you know how to appreciate an experience.  See it for yourself--but keep my two cents in mind when you get to the food.Note:  There's a rumor that the soy sauce ban has been lifted.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,6/20/2011,80,442,6,10,6>The LoDo neighborhood has long waited for good sushi, and it's here! Took a long time, and we had to sacrifice at least 3 other restaurants to get it, but we did it!I will admit, with a name like iFish, i was expecting the menu to be on iPads, possibly even have the sushi served on iPads. So that's a bummer and all.The Rolls were very good, and the eel and tuna, awesome.I've tried Sassa, and the others around downtown, and found them all lacking. iFish has now become my goto sushi place.Not sure if it was opening week(s) issues but skip the edamame, it's kinda bland, and ours was either over cooked or old. In either case, mushy beans suck!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,6/19/2011,188,277,6,7,8>I have a terrible Yelp secret to admit: I kind of like Billy's Gourmet Hot Dogs more than Biker Jim's. I know that is practically blasphemous around these parts, but in the war for tubed meat supremacy in the land of Five-Points, I have clearly sided with the forces of Billy.It's not that I don't like Biker Jim's. I really do and am excited his restaurant is now open too. But there is something about Billy's that just appeals to me more. Maybe it's the slightly more affordable prices or the old-fashioned charm of this chrome and red haven of hot dogs. Or maybe it's that the dogs are just so darn good. I am obsessed with the Seattle dog: Grilled onions and cabbage served with cream cheese and BBQ sauce. The taco dog somehow combines my nine-year-old self's favorite foods into a wonderfully spicy concoction. Their fries are also incredible. Especially the very garlicky garlic fries, which, in my opinion, rival many of this city's "gourmet" fries at probably a third the cost.For some reason Billy's seems to show up in my life when I am in need of a good cheap meal. I'll be walking around late at night on my way to a bar or show and there is Billy's with its gourmet hot dogs enticing me inside right when my stomach is growling its most fiercely. Billy's always delivers just what I need to keep the tummy monster down. And since Billy's has been on my side all this time, I'll be standing right along side him if Biker Jim ever wants to bring it.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2011,6/18/2011,683,1119,14,11,12>Though this venerable  back road steak house has only earned three stars, its a can't miss experience. Inconviently located down a true grit road, a Riders of the Purple Sage cul de sac if you will.So here is The Good, The Bad and The Ugly:Emil-Lene opened in 1957 and not much has changed. The aquamarine covered chairs and tables are dated and old, the location is odd and scary, it has the mood of a Coen Brothers movie. The thread bare carpeting, the John Wayne standee in the lobby, the low slung ceilings.If you know who Randolph Scott is, you'll love this place. if not, you're too young. I was here for lunch and without exaggeration, I would say the median age was 75. In fact the host , in a Rockmount shirt, must be close to 90. Everyone knows each other. When "Rose" walked  in, you could almost hear the canes knocking the floor in celebration.  "HI ROSE!!" , "How are you Rose??"The walls are festooned with Western art, some of which is very good, others look like they came from a fledgling art school. All of it features a western theme. Rugged cowhands, savage indiginous folks, wild eyed terror ridden cattle. Plumes of dust from the corral curling above a cottonwood.But onto the food..Its all middle grade beef served like a 1940s diner. Mashed potatoes and canned gravy. The burgers? Hand formed patties inch past the big buns and real potato skins on the fries. Truthfully, it was pretty average, but the experience was not! And the pricing was very fair.Hurry and go before this place, like a Clint Eastwood character, fades into the sunset!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,6/17/2011,112,168,8,7,9>The other night my honey gave me two choices for dinner. Columbine Steak House or Cherry Crest Seafood Market. We went with the steak and I was not disappointed. Now admittedly, I did not really know what to expect. Scott had told me it was quite the "hole in the wall" and not to let it's appearance spook me. Good advice! The men who take your orders are friendly, the place smells like rich, flavorful, buttery steak. ( a very good thing in my book) I ordered the petite fillet and a baked potato and a very very enjoyable gin and tonic from the lounge in the next room. I was happy. The steak melts in your mouth, the texture is really perfect. It's natural flavor is really present and this meat isn't coated in pepper and garlic and spices to the point of not even knowing what you are tasting anymore. It is just pure, well raised beef, full of robust yet mild flavor. It was very nice, also cooked just how I had asked. I love a baked potato, a lot, this one was no exception. YUMMY SOUR CREAMY SALTY HEAVEN...oh, ahem...Sorry, I can be easily distracted. So, in my opinion, you come here for the prices and the food, not the atmosphere. That said, you'd be silly not to try it yourself!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,6/16/2011,639,447,7,9,12>I have been waiting all day to be able to sit down and write a review for this absolutely fantastic restaurant. I took a friend from out of town here for dinner last night and I'll just say, I think he was pretty impressed with what Denver and this restaurant has to offer. I'm so excited about this place that I'm going to have to do a list lest I get carried away and write a two page review praising this place. So, here's what's awesome about this place:1. The executive chef's name is Jorel. Yes, like superman's dad, Jorel. It's embroidered on his chef jacket.2. The male staff has a really impressive facial hair collective going on. Our server rocked a pretty awesome fu manchu and Jorel's got a pretty kick ass mustache.3. The waiter is going to quote me on how I described the Beef Short Ribs Kielbasa: "Fucking. Amazing."4. The beer recommendations were spot on for myself and my dinner guest. We loved each beer we had (also, explaining beer in terms of math classes: genius)5. This place made cauliflower interesting. Don't get me wrong, I love cauliflower, but it's not the sexiest veggie out there. The roasted cauliflower salad was astounding.6. The executive chef came and talked to us for like 10 minutes. It's because of this that i know to go back at the beginning of the month to get the best cuts of lamb.7. The vibe of this place is awesome. Just fantastic. I already can't wait to come back to this place.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,6/15/2011,138,353,3,6,5>Beer. Beeeeeeeeeeer! Beer Beer Beer.Despite my creative writing sensibilities (or lack thereof?) I'm tempted to leave my review at just the above, but I'll expound slightly.Dry Dock is small, tucked away, hiding in the corner of a strip mall, but it's not a place to miss. It's also not a place to be taken lightly when you stop in. They are quite possibly the best microbrewery in Denver. Easily top 5, and less easily a top 3. Up there, though, without hesitation. They're multiple award winners at the GABF, and have a plethora of absolutely delicious beer options. Go in, have a seat, get some popcorn, try 2-3 samples, then buy a pint. Hang out, watch sports on tv, try another sample or two, get another pint, and get another plate of popcorn. There's no bar menu here, but just try one of their Pale Ales or IPAs, or something brown or stout-y and you'll feel like you filled up; don't worry it'll work out in the end.Prices are great, service is awesome, the brewmasters are always around to chat. Don't forget to take a walk over to The Brew Hut and pick up some homebrewing supplies before you head home.One of the great things about DDB is dropping in for a Firkin Friday, where they open up a quarter barrel (Firkin is a unit of measurement equal to about a quarter keg) of something special. Often they'll have some sort of special food (pretzels occasionally) to serve with their liquid love. It fills up fast, it's hard to find a place to sit, but the beers are spectacular. This place is going to be huge. Soon. Huger than they already are. Sooner than you think.So before they turn into New Belgium (the brewery equivalent of a Great Dane that thinks it's the size of a terrier) visit Dry Dock and marvel at their craft. You can literally taste the passion and energy they put into their beer. Don't worry, it doesn't taste anything at all like the passion and energy you're used to tasting. It's not as warm, and definitely less salty. These guys know what they're doing and absolutely loving sharing it with people. You're going to love partaking.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2011,6/14/2011,285,768,3,5,4>I was announcing to my coworkers need for tacos today at lunch. and this is sad to say, but everyone wondered why I wasn't just going to Taco Bell up the street. I was going to bring back a bags full of tacos for everyone to show them why! TacoMex came to mind immediately to show these people what a real taco is all about!! Off I went, on a mission. You can't beat the 99 cent tacos. They have it all, any kind you could think of, they serve it up from buche, to pollo. For myself, I had lengua, pastor, and birria. All were lovely, I can't choose which was a favorite. The meats were seasoned perfectly and very tender. They loaded up on the cilantro and onion upon request though, so don't forget to ask for it. Everyone else I ordered for wanted asada (as you can tell, they are not very food adventurous like me) and they were a total hit, as expected. I grabbed several cups off the salsa bar to bring back. I loved the verde salsa and the guac creama. The roasted jalapenos were amazing, they were so hot, oh my! And they went so well with the tacos. Horchata was much needed to cool down. Sadly, no one wanted to give the salsas or jalapenos a try-go figure. The service was quick, and the lady at the counter was very nice, as I was being a total pain ordered everyone's separately. So, I not only accomplished satisfying my serious craving for yummy tacos, I might have also turned some people on to trying out something different from their norm, and maybe also break their Taco Bell habit too, one can wish at least!
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,6/13/2011,263,617,7,7,7>Hi! We! I'm a fanique, certainmon.So who wudda thunk it? Especially when I'd heard that "fusion" cooking had gone the way of mullets and pink highlights.The only bad thing about Japoix's fusion is their interior designer who mixed bamboo themes with the Belle Epoque heavy curtains. Not a winning combination. But once you get by the bad drapery and banquettes, the food rocks.Had the best ahi poke appetizer of my life there last night. That was followed by an excellent hot rock filet and 1/2 duck. They forgot the salad, but when asked about it, apologized and brought it for free.  The good food and service almost gets them up to the seldom given 5 stars, but some delays in service, a semi-pretentious front mgr, and the forgetting of the salad keeps em at a still excellent 4 star rating.If they keep this up, the place is going to be very popular. Try them out for a special occasion or when you wanna blow some dough on an excellent meal.Sayonarevoir.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,6/12/2011,74,134,3,4,3>Saw their ad on Colorado Chinese News and figured I'd give them a try.  Overall I'd say it's pretty good.  Especially there are not a lot of good Chinese restaurant around this area, I think this is a GREAT addition to the hood.  Upon walking in, I was already pleasant surprised with the decor, especially the art on the wall.  Egg basket lights were cute too.  Another good sign was that their menu has Chinese on it.  I don't really trust a Chinese restaurant with no Chinese on their menu, I mean, did you not think actual Chinese people would come?  Saw a couple of popular Taiwanese items on the menu.  Too much to choose, what to do.... I ended up with the minced pork with rice as an app ($3.95) but it's actually kinda decent size, I could've had it as the main course and be full.  My bf ordered Happy Family (sacrilege, I know).  I can't possibly pass up having the Taiwanese beef noodle so that's what I got.  Food came fairly quickly, the rice was SO good.  Not too salty, and not too much sauce, good meat/mushroom/rice ratio.  Although funny side story, we're almost done and the lady brought out a fried egg for the rice.  I guess the other egg that was supposed to go with it wasn't up to standard so she just brought me a fried egg.  Ok, appreciate it.Happy family came next.  They don't have lunch special on weekends I guess, so it's about $11 for dinner portion.  It's pretty huge.  Both the rice and the dish was big.  There were quite a good amount of meat and shrimp (big ones, not little sad looking ones) in there too, definitely job well done.  There were so much rice that my starved bf can't finish the whole bowl.  That amount might be too little for two, but definitely more than enough for one.My beef noodles came shortly after the arrival of the beef noodle.  It looked AMAZING.  The soup was good, and the noodles were awesome too.  It's not too greasy, and the noodle wasn't too soggy, just the right texture.  Also appreciates that it came not spicy, but I did add a ton of hot sauce to mine.  People there were nice, comfortable and nice seating, good service, great food.  I think I just found a new Chinese food joint to add to my list.  AND it's only 5 minutes away from where I live, this is trouble.  Definitely will be back and try some other items on their menu.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,6/11/2011,35,88,4,14,8>This place is not getting nearly enough credit for being so amazing.  The two reviews this place has for 2 stars both have fantastic things to say, but then they compare it to the big box chain of Home Depot.  This is not some Home-Depot-Wanna-be, and if you think that then you are are going to be disappointed.What this place IS good for is discovering hard to find parts that would normally have to be special ordered online.My story is about my furnace.  I got a quote from a very popular heating service place.  They wanted charge me $600.00+ to change a transformer.I found this place on google, and they said they had the part.  The most important thing to remember is that if you do have a part you want replaced, bring it in so that they can match it exactly.The part cost me $27.00... you do the math!  fantastic people, fantastic idea, fantastic resource for denver! Love it!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,6/10/2011,194,576,2,7,9>Brent N. and I were having a challenging time deciding where to eat on Saturday night. He mentioned that he was craving Middle Eastern but there weren't any good Middle Eastern restaurants in Denver. Having lived in Detroit, he's a snob when it comes to his Middle Eastern food. So we logged onto Yelp! and discovered extremely positive reviews for Damascus Grill, and Yelpers, you certainly didn't disappoint us!We ordered: Falafel, Hommos, Baba Ganoush for starters, Fattoush with Chicken to split, Beef and Lamb Shawarma for me and the meat platter for Brent.The Falafel patties were I think the best Falafel I've had ever. The chickpea mixture was wonderfully seasoned and texture was perfect; fried perfectly as well. Their Hommos was delicious- the right balance creamy, lemony and garlicky and the Baba Ganoush  was excellent as well. Oh and the homemade pita bread it came with was incredible too.Our main dishes were amazing. I loved the Fattoush. If you haven't had it before, it's a chopped salad with lemony dressing.  Brent said it was the closest he'd had to the Fattoush he used to get in Detroit.  My Shawarma platter was delish and HUGE. Brent thoroughly enjoyed his meat platter, I had a bite (okay 2) of the Kibbeh from it and it was outstanding. Brent also got their homemade strawberry lemonade to wash it down, which was amazing as well.Not only was the food incredible but the service was as well! Our servers were friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. A nice finishing touch was since they were out of their Arabic coffee, they gave us a slice of Baklava to take home, which was yum! About the only downside is they do not serve alcohol, but the food is so tasty we quickly forgot about that.I will definitely return, there is so much more I'd like to try.  Brent said he would return too. He even said he may write his first Yelp! review it was so good...but I wouldn't hold my breath.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,6/8/2011,190,292,11,10,8>So, you know how it is when you have a favorite restaurant, and they've set the bar so high, you wind up trying new places with little to no expectations? Yeah. I stepped out on my favorite sushi place and WHOA DAMN.The tea was incredible - a little nutty, and really tasty going down. I had three cups? Four, maybe? The miso was great, too. It wasn't too salty and was chock full of seaweed and tofu and the tiniest slivers of green onion. So delicious. And the sushi! Sweet Jesus. We tried the Rock Roll (spicy tuna with avocado) that was so rich in flavor, aw man. I'm getting misty just thinking about it. We also shared a sweet potato roll with tempura crunch in there. It was great, especially with some wasabi on top. I also allowed myself a piece of salmon nigiri and man, it just melted in my mouth. The service was prompt and polite, and the ambiance was great. Helpful hint: The warmest spots are in the front of the restaurant. Oh, and our entire meal came to $20. TOTALLY reasonable. I have a tawdry mistress, and her name is Taki. And oh, there will be more booty calls in the very near future. She's well worth compromised morals.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/16/2010,6/7/2011,245,483,3,16,9>Living in a dry, arid climate, like Denver, one would think that there would be a lot more venders peddling shaved ice.  Not so.  With that being the case, I had to go out on a mission to track down the elusive raspado.  I had a faint memory of a neveria being located along East Colfax, so I headed east until I found the quaint little ice cream shop in Aurora's downtown.  Inside, they have a random assortment of items - from hot dogs to nachos to elotes to ice cream.  Oh, nevermind the rest because we were here to try the raspados.  They have artificial and natural syrups.  We naturally skipped the artificial and chose their natural mango and pina.  These sweet syrups come with fruit pulp and are topped off with some sweetened milk (if you'd like).  The flavors were wonderful.  Cold, refreshing, and plenty of sweet.  It's a beautiful thing during a dry, hot Denver summer.  My only gripe is that they don't shave the ice finely, which would make the product a lot, lot better.  Instead, the ice is coarsely chopped...making it resemble a snow cone rather than shaved ice.  Overall, this is a must have for the summer - I am hoping to check out a few other spots serving raspados, so stay tuned.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2011,6/6/2011,220,1215,2,8,5>$2 bloody mary bar on Saturdays! There is a small parking lot behindMet a friend here on a Saturday for lunch. I went with the turkey, brie, avocado panini - hello - yummy! Also came with a sauce that i forgot what i was by the time i ordered and when it arrived still didn't know - but it was delicious!Sweet potato fries were just ok - which was kind of disappointing..Staff was pretty friendly, but didn't offer another round of bloody maries - which was probably better for us!It had a nice bench out front to wait for your friends that are running late and at least 3-5 bike loops to park your 2 wheeler!Small patio - but it was over-run with little ones -so we sat inside.There was a ton of other food that looked yummy - so i'll probably bring the hubby back to check it out at some point! I mean if you ride a couple miles that works off a bloody mary - right?
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,6/5/2011,118,148,4,6,6>Tiffany N and I do a lot together, so why not include some worky outie bonding time? Why not indeed. Tiffany likes spinning classes, and I like yoga which could have been a real problem until she found Qi. They offer loads of spin-yoga classes. That's right. Compromise. Class starts with 30 minutes of spin, followed by 30 minutes of flow-style yoga. The spin class part is one of the hardest workouts I have ever experienced. It is non stop, pedal pushing, hill climbing, turn it to 11 craziness. Don't tell Tiffany, but I'm really starting to like it. Then back to my comfort zone, the yoga room. I just do the drop in classes, but the memberships seem really reasonable. The staff is really nice, and it is always busy, but never crowded. Plus the instructors that I have had are not only great teachers, but enthusiastic, and super friendly. So, even though I have to get up at 6:30 am to go with Tiffany, it's totally worth it. Great workout, great gym, and of course great company.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,6/4/2011,237,363,4,6,8>Santiago's is a delicious refuge for a Mexican food lover like myself. Whether you are looking to eat-in or get your grub to go, you will be glad you stopped by.The helpings are heaping, the service is excellent and the prices are very reasonable. I *love* that they call me "miha" - it makes me feel very welcome and at home. I also love that they will give you both green and red chile or even half medium and half hot chile. The seating inside can be tight, much like the parking, but it is well worth it. The deliciousness well outweighs any inconvenience.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,6/3/2011,92,352,3,7,4>When the Yelp email came in on this one, I was so busy I just forwarded it to a friend.  So tonight when it was time for our usual last minute dinner out, he was the one who had the bright new suggestion!  Yeah!I am still salivating over the fabulous salt and pepper squid.  The rough cut pieces of black pepper screamed PEPPER! in a way that the old powdery stuff just can't.   The batter fried frogs legs had just a mild hint of it, and when the squid came out it was like seeing the whole movie after a little bitty trailer. The crispy bits of onions with the pepper at the bottom of the platter  put those "onion blossom" thingys at the steakhouses to complete shame.  By the way, the platter easily serves four or more for an appetizer and for a main dish, it would serve two if you both order a side of the red potatoes, which were the perfect foil and perfectly cooked.  We also enjoyed the oyster po'boy (american cheese?) and the little blue crab basket.  We love blue crab so let's see more on the menu? If you order the salt and pepper shrimp or squid be sure and order a large beverage.  I found the beer worked better than the coconut frappe they called a pina colada, but they have a huge and tasty selection of flavored lemonades and teas  We're returning for lunch, returning with friends.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,6/2/2011,500,166,4,17,10>Is your palate dejected? Despairing? Down in the dumps? Well, stop by Chef Liu's in Aurora, and liven that thing up! In the space that formerly housed Rainbow Chinese Cuisine (oh, c'mon now, y'all remember Rainbow!), a cornucopia of tasty and healthy treats awaits you.Why not start with skewers of rich lamb, rubbed with Ziran (a cumin-salt blend particularly popular with the Uighurs in northwest China), then grilled to savory perfection? Maybe the thought of a springy tofu-skin parcel, stuffed with plump chopped shrimp, then pan-fried, rings your bell instead? Alternatively, you could try one of their enticing "Soups for Two"! The Ground Beef with Egg White Soup is a variation of the famed West Lake Soup, originally created in the eastern province of Zhejiang, and now enjoyed throughout the nation.Main dishes are similarly delightful. You can avail yourself of beef cooked in a Sichuan Ma La (numbing-hot) chili oil, or Beijing-style pork with bean paste, or tender chicken with various permutations of mushrooms. Or how about a vegetarian offering? Why, there are wheels of lotus root in sweet-and-sour sauce, or Shanghai bok choy (y'know, the cute little ones) chopped and sautéed with shiitake mushrooms, or even the flavor-packed stirfry of pine nuts, peas, corn and wolfberries (also known as goji berries). And that's only the beginning! You'll want to come back again and again to try everything.So make a visit to Chef Liu's - where authentic, ambitious and amazing artfully intersect.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,6/1/2011,103,577,1,7,7>I was happy when this place opened since I've never had a chance to get down to the cart location. This is much more convenient! Plus, there is nothing funnier than their open/closed sign that instead says "yup" and "nope". Love that!! Onto the food! The hubs is a *huge* hot dog/brat fan and I am not so much a huge fan of either but will eat them on occasion. Biker Jim's is no comparison to what you think of a normal hot dog and/or brat...it is much more gourmet with the exotic flavors. On both occasions I've eaten here I have ordered the Wild Boar which is complete with apricot pieces inside of the sausage, then topped with the famous grilled onion & cream cheese combo. Delicious! I have tried bites of my husband's orders as well, which was Elk the first time and Reindeer the second, both were tasty as well. The hand cut fries are also awesome.A fantastic place to go before a Rockies game or for lunch during the work week!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,5/31/2011,97,68,7,8,9>Though I cleverly disguise my ethnic roots with tattoos, tight pants, body modifications, heavy eyeliner, punk music blasting from my Jeep and complete lack of modesty, I am Vietnamese. Vietnamese American. Fluent in both languages and cuisine. And I love pho. I love pho because my grandma used to make that and banh xeo for us grandkids every week and it was a treat!So when it comes to pho restaurants I judge, and I judge harshly. Because why pay for it when my grandma can make it? Well, she doesn't make it as often anymore because she doesn't want us (now grown up) grandkids to run up her gas bill so during a pho drought I take to the streets. "The streets" used to be Alameda and Federal. But now it's Colfax and Grant. Oh yes, Pho-natic does it well. My grandma's broth is sweet like theirs but I'm not sure if it's because I put a ton of hoisin sauce in it but hoisin can only go so far. It's got to be the broth that's naturally flavorful and delicious and at Pho-natic I deem it is.I had a small bowl of pho with scallops, imitation crab and shrimp balls and ordered vietnamese coffee, which came out true to its form in a drip. I had to wait for it to finish dripping (slow as molasses here) and by then the glass of ice the attentive and friendly server had given me had melted down a little but I didn't mind. It finished dripping at the end of my meal so I had it as dessert.The bill came to just under $10, so it's a little more pricer than Fed and Alameda but worth it because of it's proximity to Cap Hill. And I could hear the server's mom in the back yelling in Vietnamese, just like grandma. 4 stars.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,5/30/2011,288,412,4,13,12>Coming from a person whose window for enjoying breakfast is very small, this place is fantastic for a nice "greasy spoon" breakfast. In fact, I love places like this.The prices are decent and the portions are large. The menu is straight forward and you certainly get what you pay for. I asked for a side of bacon and I got an entire package worth. Our waitress was friendly, very attentive, and she certainly knew how to keep a coffee cup full. We even had a quick visit from the owner/cook to thank us for our business. I'll definitely be returning to the Butcher Block.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,5/29/2011,117,207,10,5,6>Let's face it - weddings are a racket. Everything, and I do mean EVERYTHING is more expensive if it has anything to do with the big day. I had my worries about this place I didn't really want to spend a lot on the dress but I wanted the experience, so figured what the hey...First and foremost, the place is totally gorgeous - I almost smuggled a chisel & hammer with me to my fitting to nab some of those killer black and white tiles from the lobby (alas, tools could not be properly stowed, so it was not to be). And the staircase - COME ON. I wish I could knew how to slide down a banister bc I totally would do it here. Then high 5 myself for how awesome it would be.But I digress. The selection of dresses was admirable - long, short, foofy, plain, strapless, cap sleeve - you name it. Shockingly, and with the wonderful help of Jordan,  I was able to find something in my budget!!! Oh, did I mention I drank copious amounts of champagne while there (hence why I ended up buying the dress, I'm sure).
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,5/28/2011,66,238,4,8,5>If you keep up with my reviews, you know I tried to visit the highly touted restaurant that rhymes with "Reuben's" and I never got the chance to enjoy even a glass of water there due to circumstances beyond my own control. In the talk thread a fellow Yelper mentioned that Interstate served similar food and that I should give it a try, so I did.The garage/gas station motif works well here; walking in the door I was immediately impressed. Sat us down promptly and the journey began. They apologized up front for being on the slow side due to a party going on in the back room. It doesn't make up for the sometimes slow service but at least they were up front and that does count for alot in my book.The kids ordered the most massive grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever seen. They were accompanied by a tin can filled to the brim with fresh cut fries; really good. They don't exactly have a kids menu, they just "kiddify" whatever's on the menu, which I think is actually a cool way of handling it.The older ladies went with sandwiches, one a Philly cheese steak the other a shrimp po' boy. Both looked delicious.I went with the lamb shank over cheese grits. What a treat that was. Huge lamb shank; tender and tasty, but a little dry, still good. I sampled about 4 drinks off their extensive whiskey themed drink menu. I also tasted a couple of the "other" drinks. Let's just say I left happy even if all the drinks didn't exactly taste good.Interstate's good stuff; good stuff indeed.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,5/27/2011,88,335,8,5,4>You know, whenever you mention Hapa to someone they will always tell you that the Orgasm Roll is the best thing ever. But it's a little, ahem, creamy for me.The rest of the sushi though, is ab fab. I can't remember what else we got but it was totally devoured. The Multiple Orgasm Roll was the only one we didn't, uh, finish. The atmosphere is sleek and fun, and the service was attentive. I also got a really yummy drink that I of course, can't remember. I haven't had the opportunity to try much sushi in Denver, but Hapa is definitely on my list of places to go. I'll just get my multiple orgasms elsewhere.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,5/26/2011,212,239,12,11,14>Bone marrow. I grew up dirt poor, and my momma could cook the hell out of brains, tongue, pork skin, tripe, kidneys, hoofs and the holy, sweet, bone marrow. Go to Bones, sit elbow to elbow and just enjoy the beefy, salty, buttery, fatty, boney goodness of poor food gone high end in Denver (and anywhere else on the map). Now, is not the time, to drool on your keyboard. Noodle bowls were quite lovely. Pricey, but lovely. Service, was rushed and scattered at best. Curt smiles, quick responses and exists.  We were not offered a second drink until I almost did the wave from my seat. There was much silverware rolling going on (despite a nearly empty room) and the conversations between servers usurped my ball-n-chain's willingness to drop some coin on my birthday and get me liquored up. An OK good place, not blown away on service but would crawl across glass for some marrow like momma used to make.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,5/24/2011,100,203,3,6,7>My second time here got off to a bit of a shaky start when the waitress first commented to fellow patrons that I had a baby face as she checked my id and proceeded to fill my draft.  Not that I don't hear that regularly, but it always puts a bad taste in my mouth regardless.  Having to overcome this setback, she was quick to make up for that comment as she offered us up games as drinking Jenga, she solicited a street performer drinking at the other end of the bar to entertain us with his double jointed arm tricks, and proceeded to veto bad songs on the juke with our recommendation of the Talking Heads.  Even more impressing was her ability to reenact David Byrne's dance moves on stage.  Bartender aside, the place, too, is a lot of fun.  It has tons of character from its interior decoration, awesome music selection on the juke box, and good beer selection.  They always have a shot and a draft special for $6.  Not much of a shot guy, I stick to their typical happy hour specials, which aren't necessarily stellar.  Regardless, everything else here makes me just as content as would a knockout happy hour.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,5/23/2011,175,262,9,12,20>On a whim last Sunday my boyfriend and I decide we want to look at dogs and we want to adopt so we head to Dumb Friends League. The lady at the desk gave us advice because we were "just looking" to not adopt and it was great advice. Just look around and see the doggies. Well when we asked to see Titan, we never could have known how amazing this dog truly was. He can sit, shake, lay down and he's potty trained! A 2 year old lab/hound mix with the softest silky ears that remind me of my beagle of 14 years and the cutest freckly paws. I cried when he walked in. I was so happy, excited and nervous.The ladies who helped us at DDFL were amazing. Of course, their job is to "sell" this dog but they couldn't have made it any easier for us. I knew if we left, we would regret it forever. Could I be a good mom? Do we have enough time for a dog? The ladies convinced me so, that he'll love you no matter what. You're taking him home and it's a whole lot better than sitting in the cement kennel besides a glass wall. And now I know when put to the test - We are great doggy parents!Now my boyfriend and I have the friendliest dog in the neighborhood. Dogs who hate other dogs love Titan. He's calm, sweet and gentle. He snuggles with me and rests his head on my lap and lets me hug him and dance with him. He loves to dance. People ask us, "You JUST got him a week ago? He loves you two so much and listens to you. You got lucky!"  We sure did! Besides his first week of kennel cough and having to take a few medications, he was fine. DDFL covers all basic needs up to 15 days after adoption and they're really great at getting back to you when you have questions or concerns. I love the newest man in my life...now when can I go home and play with him?!?
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,5/22/2011,9,21,8,6,6>What does it mean when you still think about the lunch you had and its been 4 days ago? (me watching television one night and I think to myself, man, that lunch was awesome...) I went here once with a friend who is a fan. The outside looks totally different then what you see when you walk inside. We sat on the patio on a beautiful sunny day. The menu is, in a word, compact. You have a few options but are not overwhelmed by it. The seafood menu consist of mostly shrimp. Which to me is a good sign. If you ever go to a restaurant that has one item in the entire menu, chances are its not going to be very fresh or good, unless they happen to sell A LOT of it. But if the item is used in many entrees you can expect a higher turn around in their inventory. (means fresher ingredients) I had the Albinil tacos. Strip steak with onions, jalapenos, and potatoes. The potatoes are like thick fried potato chips that go in the tacos. FANTASTIC. So simple yet so good. You get three, no side of beans or rice. The drink of choice here is the Jamaica juice. GET IT. I will definitely go back but I'm nervous it wont be as good as that first time. I feel like I'm reminiscing about a summer fling I just had. Summer dreams ripped at the seams, but oh, those summer nights...
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2010,5/21/2011,105,416,1,12,2>So I really would rather give these guys 3.5 stars but that's not an option and since there wasn't anything BAD about the experience I went up to 4 rather down to 3 stars. Two of my best friends were in town for a girls weekend without their husbands and kids which was very exciting and we thought that pedicures would be a good relaxing thing to do. I booked them earlier in the week and when we got there we were a bit early so we went across the street to Devil's Food (awesome! will review later) for a snack. Came back to Tootsie's picked out our colors and we were seated in the back. The technicians were super nice, chatty but amongst themselves and efficient. I love that the tools are new and clean and the atmosphere was relaxing. I had a bad pedicure experience last time I got my toes done (elsewhere) and was a little more jumpy than usual but the technician was great, gentle and really listened when I told her what had happened and paid particular attention to the tender spots on my feet. Mine started a bit later than the other two girls but we all got nice pedicures and headed up front to pay. Here's where my issue lies, it was $45 for the "spa" pedicure and while I'm happy to pay for a good pedicure all this involved was some scrubbing, a sugar scrub, a leg massage and my feet sitting in a lukewarm tub of water. For $45 I want a paraffin wax and some love! Perhaps I'm spoiled by Chicago pedicures where I don't pay as much and get great pedicures but I don't think I can do my summer twice a month pedicure at $45 plus tip. I loved the atmosphere, the experience and my feet look nice but I'm not sure I'll be coughing up the money here again.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,5/20/2011,40,334,5,7,14>Yak and Yeti is the Indian buffet I hold other buffets to as a standard. Seldom, if ever, is there a wait and although the buffet itself is on the small side, the food is always delicious.In particular, you MUST try the onion-rich vegetable pakora. Onions, firm squashes and zucchinis, and other veggies deep fried in Denver's best pakora batter. It goes fast and isn't always available, but the sweet potato masala has a deeper and more flavorful masala flavor than any masala I've had.Yak and Yeti does brew their own beer, but they don't do it very well, so skip that and drink a mango lassi with rum. Then waddle away in blissful delight.As a side note, Yak and Yeti's hours are sporadic and their variable advertised closing times are not reliable. Arrive before 8:30 or 9:00 and you should be fine though.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2010,5/19/2011,315,429,3,7,6>A coworker and I decided to check out another Mexican restaurant in the AMC hood and ended up at Real de Minas.  I was excited to read the good reviews of this place before heading out for lunch.For some reason, my new go-to meal to determine whether or not I like a Mexican restaurant is based on the chile rellenos, crispy or soft. whichever I'm in the mood for.  And today I was in the mood for crispy!  Although it took our server an unusual amount of time to wait on us, our food was served up quickly.  Everything was tasty!  From the rice to the beans to the chile rellenos, I really enjoyed my lunch.  However, it would've been a little bit better with a spicier kick.I knocked off a star for the slow service during a slow lunch hour.  But there's always potential for Real to gain it back during my next visit!Here's a useful tip:  Real de Minas is no longer south of the train tracks, but north of them at 38th-ish and Peoria, just south of I-70.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,5/18/2011,186,551,3,7,3>Fontano's used to be my favorite sandwhich joint in Denver, until I visited Old Fashioned Italian Deli.  I've been meaning to go here forever, but it's a cash-only establishment and my wife never lets me have cash anymore!  Finally, today...I had cash and so on it was to a new deli.It's a small place with probably 15 - 20 tables, got the red and white checkered tablecloths, some pasta sitting out front, cases of deli meats and cheeses, and pictures of Sopranos, NY, and Marilyn Monroe.  Dude takes your order, you have a seat, and about five minutes later you're on your way to being extremeley full.I got the full Assasin sandwhich because I didn't realize it comes with a pound of pasta salad or so.  WAY too much food, but I didn't want to waste too many calories on the pasta salad.  The sandwhich was too good.  It's stock full of quality warm cold cuts, cheese, fresh vegetables, caramelized onions, mayo on top of a really good roll.  You'd definitely be best off getting the smaller sandwhich or getting the full and taking half of the madness home with you.As sandwhiches are one of my favorite foods, Old Fashioned Italian Deli is my heaven.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,5/17/2011,120,100,3,8,9>So I've been wanting to try Pho for the past couple weeks- and decided to finally go to a place on my side of town (since I can't make it over to the West....where apparently there are better Pho....I'll keep you updated when I actually make it over there). After reading many, many reviews I decided to go with a friend of mine who...isn't very adventurous with food. I have to admit, I'm impressed. I very much appreciate a place that I feel clean eating in and getting a good meal. Granted, its a bit more "modern" (they have the same styling as Pink Berry - and they were playing Macy Gray, which I love, and Christiana Aguilara - made me laugh) :) We were seating promptly and water was brought....I got a Thai Iced Tea with Boba and wasn't disappointed! We also both ordered small bowls of Pho, mine was steak and his shrimp. Now, I must also point out that I think they have their sizes mixed up....because a "small" was more like "large". We were so full we didn't get fro-yo (I know, right? - shame on me), but they did bring us samples of the two they had- original and pomegranate.... they were delicious! Needless to say, I'll probably be back.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,5/16/2011,57,275,2,6,4>Solid Mexican food located in the middle of downtown. What a surprise find! My significant other treated me to lunch here. I got their cheese enchiladas and he got their taquitos smothered in guacamole and sour cream. Both dishes were great but I loved his taquitos which were perfectly fried and so very fresh. The restaurant had a nice authentic Mexican feel to it. Not pretentious at all and the prices were reasonable/affordable. Depending on what you order, entrees cost between $6.50 from a basic meat burrito to $15 bucks for the Fajitas plates. Some Mexican places messes up rice and beans but this place did them well.When you sit down, the server will bring you salsa and fresh warm chips. Refill on the chips will cost you extra dinero but the first basket is on the house. I'm really glad I got to try this place.... next time I'm getting my own taquitos :D
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,5/15/2011,342,357,1,10,5>I'm thrilled to add this to our regular breakfast/brunch rotation...it made the cut for many reasons:1.  Location: quick drive from home, and beautiful scenery being across from Sloan's Lake2.  Bottomless Mimosas:  only $6!!!!  It's served in a small champagne flute, but our waitress did a great job filling it up before my glass was ever empty.3.  Food:  great variety, including breakfast classics along with some very creative dishes.  I had the Carnitas Benedict - tender braised pork layered on a English muffin with poached eggs and green chili hollandaise, served with potato cakes (which are amazing, btw.  crispy outside, and creamy delicious inside).  The hollandaise was really really good...not too heavy or overpowering, but very flavorful.  Perfect accompaniment to the oh so tender pork.  One minor issue with my food, was that my side of sourdough toast was a little burnt and cold (Bryan's side of wheat toast was perfect)...but I'm willing to overlook that this time, because everything else was great.  Bryan had the Truffle Scramble -fresh asparagus, black truffles and Swiss cheese all scrambled with our fresh eggs and topped with truffle oil.  It was a little too truffle-tastic (a bit heavy-handed with the oil), but a couple drops of green Tabasco fixed that, and it was amazing.  4.  Service:  we went in around 11:30am on a Saturday, and had great service.  Seated right away, food came out quickly, drinks were always full.  5.  Free Wifi:  although it's not set up yet, it will be very soon, making this a great place to get a little work done too.6.  Coffee drinks:  great menu of alcoholic and non-alcoholic coffee drinks....including my fav, Cinnamon Dulce Latte.If I haven't convinced you yet to check this place out, then you might want to check your forehead for a fever.  Seriously give this place a try....especially if you live nearby!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,5/14/2011,160,455,4,10,9>I am (finally) breaking radio/review silence to gout my admiration of this place.  I had the happy juxtaposition of being out late on a Saturday night, watching a play with a friend, who declined to join me for after-theater food, and a few weeks old but much beloved Android..  I used my new Yelp app (yay yay, I'm finally *free* :)...and dug around for what was open past 10pm on a Saturday night and scrolled down the list...saw Pete's listing and the 4-star average over 50+ users, and said "Done. I need my gyros fix."They do a lot more than gyros here, of course, and I was briefly torn between "The Big Greek Combo", which comes with Pastitsio (Greek lasagna), mousaka, spinach pie and gyro meat - but I finally decided on their superb gyros plate.  About 8 minutes later, I had a to-go container, the standard white styrofoam square container...half of which was filled to the brim with square cut, *perfectly* crisp french fries.  Sadly they came with no salt on it, but that can easily be overlooked and forgiven.The other half was laden with a mountain of deliciously seasoned gyro meat, grilled onions, half-slices of fresh tomato, and the softest, most delicious pita bread I think I've ever had in my life.  Sorry, Jerusalem, you may be closer but you just got schooled,  I was ravenous when I left with my container, and I think I'm gonna have just under half of it as leftovers -- quite a deal for $9.  I got 2 deep tubs of tzatziki sauce, which amazingly was not the consistency of cool ranch dressing, but a lot more like sour cream with cucumber seasonings in it...try it with the gyros OR the fries, it's a no-lose sitch either way.I didn't get the spellings of their names, but the staff will take extremely good care of you...Kassiman (note: I've managed to mess up this name and will try and get the real spelling next time...) especially was very warm and engaging, and that's what kicked this up to a 5-star review -- not that the food alone wasn't, say, 4.5 stars by itself.  *SO* good.  Take a gander at their online menu, they serve a lot more than typical Greek fare as well, and they also serve breakfast as well...omelettes, pork chops, pancakes, etc etc. *Marvelous*.I am strongly debating going there again tomorrow...the food is just too good to pass up.  Check em out...you can't really go wrong here, service or food-wise.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2010,5/13/2011,25,154,1,7,3>This is a historical place that is worth a trip, but the food itself is just ok.  The interior has a bunch of atmosphere and character and it's a fun place - as long as all the stuffed heads don't creep you out.  The building is long and slender and I had no problem imaging it in various incarnations through the decades.The game is the focus of the menu - quail, elk, bison, ostrich, etc.  I can only speak to (write to) the Buffalo as that is what I ordered.  The Buffalo Tenderloin Steak was good, cooked a bit more than I asked for (their medium rare was pretty medium I think) but tasty and enjoyable nonetheless.  The Rattlesnake app was cheesy and ok, but you could easily substitute any number of other proteins and it would taste exactly the same.  We did get plenty of rattlesnake - I noticed some reviews thought it was light.Their salads were basic, oil and vinegar was fine.  The potato with the main was basic - cooked potato and some sour cream.  I suppose the prices reflect the history and nostalgia.My only real complaint was the vinyl covered seats on the rooftop - it was pretty hot in the early fall.Good, unique place to check out or take out of towners, particularly if they are trying new meats for the first time; but if you want excellent game, there are better places.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,5/12/2011,137,230,7,19,11>Despite being a little run down, I love this place!  Admission is only $3.50 and the games that don't run on nickels are free.  This means all video games from shoot'em ups to old school arcade to racing are free with admission!!!   Plus, they have different specials every day.  If you play the nickel games, you get tickets that you can redeem for useless crap at the front counter!  The kids that work here are really friendly and nice.  I've never had issues with any troublemaker kids or little gang bangers.  If you get hungry or thirsty, they even have vending machines.  There's ample parking and the bathrooms are pretty clean.  Overall, this is a great and inexpensive place to have fun by yourself or with your family!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,5/10/2011,61,101,3,5,7>Every time I come here I leave wondering why I don't come more often...  Excellent pizza and some of the best service I have received on multiple occasions.  Two large pizza's between three of us and still a death match for the last slice.  I love this pizza because how fresh it is and how I don't feel like I just scarfed down an obscene amount of slices.  Our server was so sweet and prompt with our order and draft refills.  Every chance I get to convert some one into a Proto Lover, I take it and they always leave stoked about  life.. Love your Pizza guys!! Keep doing what your doing!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/8/2011,174,419,5,6,5>I gotta give credit to any place that offers vegetarian green chili, but not only that -- vegetarian green chili that is kick-azz.  Delicious.The Dude and I chose this place for Sunday brunch.  Little did I know he agreed to this suggestion (out of about four) because it was close to a thing he was doing a thing at (don't ask) but hey.  Worked out for me.  They have nopales!I went back and forth over the menu... burrito?  French toast combo?  Eggs and potatoes and pancakes?  With side of green chili?  So many choices!  Finally I decided on the Mexican skillet, no chorizo and sub vegetarian green chili.  So, as it were, a mish-mash of homefries, scramby eggs, cheese, jalapenos, green peppers, onions, and nopales (cactus!).  With a side of wheat toast and vegetarian green chili.Though requesting the vegetarian chili when ordering, when the server asked, "hot or mild?" I had a feeling I was in for some pork (calm down, pervs).  And indeed, when they brought our food I spooned out a mysterious chunk and had The Dude render his opinion.  "It's definitely meaty."  Damn.  So I had to sit there and resist wolfing down my scramble/skillet/whatever until the server came back so I could swap it.  She claims she put the order in the right way, which whatever... mistakes happen.  Just get me some veggie green chili pleeeease.  And she did.  And it was outstanding.Their coffee sucks (like a lot), and they brought my toast out like five minutes before anything else (kind of weird), but things even out.  The Dude's egg-bacon-potatoes-and-pancakes breakfast was well received.  I meant to snag a bite of pancake but alas was too busy with my own delicious delights.I think they'd be a dandy lunch place; they have several vegetarian options and if nothing else, Mexican dishes aplenty for veg-heads and carnivores alike.  They also have some Greek-inspired items, and sandwiches/burgers.  It's not as close as some other breakfast places to our place, but the drive is short enough, and the green chili tasty enough, that I reckon we'll be back.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,5/7/2011,614,1007,4,7,8>So perfect. I have been here for many HH's and it is always good food an great drinks. The staff is cool. Tres cool.I got the opportunity to go to the Lobby during 5280 restaurant week.For starters I had the potato skins and the musels which were supple and mouth watering.I opted for a salad and I chose the sirloin for my main course - cooked perfectly! Wine was included. I also chose the peanut butter drenched mousse (cake).F'n amazing experience - Always 2 thumbs up! Can't wait for spring when the patio is user friendly. Everything was a taste treat and I only love this place more and more every time go.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,5/6/2011,72,204,4,6,6>Let's start by saying this... my wife grew up in Dearborn, Mi, and I worked there for 5 years.  Dearborn has the largest population of Lebanese outside the Middle East, and the restaurants there have to be good, or they'll go out of business to Mom's cooking.We KNOW good Lebanese food.After searching for several months for a decent Lebanese place, I think we've found it.  Let's say this... my wife immediately said, "this is right on my way to school."  Let's be clear.  This is NO WHERE close to her way to school.  It is, however, good enough for her to try to rationalize the detour.  :)  I'll keep this short and simple...Fatoosh - not as much lettuce as we're used to, and the green peppers were an unexpected addition.  Also, didn't notice any sumac.  However, the mint was just right, and the flavors were right one.  Lots of cucumber and tomatos.Tabbouleh - flavor was also right on.  It was a very juicy consistency, which is a nice change to the dried-out tabbouleh we've found in other places.Falafel - the true measure of a Lebanese restaurant.  If these are good, everything else follows.  These were really tasty.  Super fresh, not "too" fried (as in, nice thin crunchy bits), and tasty, fresh on the inside.  Probably some of the better falafel I've ever had, actually.Hummous - smooth, with spot-on flavor, as well.(I think the guy cookin' might know what the hell he's doing...)  :)The rest of the meal was chicken kebab sandwich for us, but to be honest, by the time I got to that I was stuffed and the good flavors were probably lost on me.  I REALLY need to go for a walk at this point. :)Overall, the best we have had in Denver (but we'll keep looking as we rely on Mecca for our Lebanese fix).  If this were in Dearborn, it would probably be 3.5 to 4 stars, but for this quality in Denver, it's a definite 5 star effort.The prices were very reasonable for what we've found elsewhere, and also compared to what we're used to.Good job - we'll most CERTAINLY be back, and soon, and probably often, too.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,5/5/2011,92,394,4,7,9>There are three categories of restaurants that I generally avoid - Steakhouses, Business Power Lunch/Dinner places and restaurants were "cool" people go to see and be seen. From what I've always heard about Elway's, it fits all three of my stay-away criteria.I'm not a Steakhouse person not because I don't enjoy steak (I love dead cow) but because you pay an obscene amount for a chunk of meat that is usually too big to finish in one sitting. I'm over the Biz Power Lunch places as I spent way to much time trying to close business with clients at restaurants back in my corporate sales days. As for the third, I'm not cool and I don't enjoy watching people who are.So, I had never been to Elway's until yesterday, even though I've heard from friends that the food and service are amazing. As I found out, this is indeed true.Since I didn't know if I'd ever be back I decided to order a burger instead of something that Elway's is less known for (like the salads). My sauteed mushroom and onion with swiss cheese burger ($13.50) was nearly life changing...really it was that good. Cooked a perfect medium rare you could actually taste the very high-quality meet. The green-chili cold slaw that came with the meal (other sides include chips, 3-bean salad or fruit) was spicy and delicious - this was a great variation on traditional slaw.My daughter ordered the Blackened Mahi Mahi sandwich ($16) which was also incredibly delicious. I would recommend this to anyone, even non-fish-eaters.Fries are not a side option but can be ordered separately. For 4 bucks they are pricy but really really good. Actually the fries reminded me a lot of the Smash Fries from Smash Burger. Lots of salt, pepper and tarragon.Our server, Ben, was spot on in every regard.Unfortunately I did not think to look around the place before we were seated as if I had I would have asked to be seated in the bar area (cool people and cougar-free while we were there at 1pm on a Tuesday). The main dining room is so dark that I practically needed a flashlight to read the menu - a little to "moody" for me. Thus four instead of five stars.I hate to admit it but I honestly think that the meal was worth the price.I'm sure that lots of deals were being discussed and closed at tables around us in the dining room. Surprisingly, Elway's managed to close the deal with me. I'll be back.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2011,5/4/2011,41,92,7,8,4>I was born and raised in North Denver (I refuse to call it "Highlands"), so this was a regular spot for me as a kid. I hadn't been back in YEARS, so when a group of us went to Gaetano's and were given an hour wait time, I decided to hike the troops to Lechuga's. Some things never change...When you walk in, the tables are on three levels, which face the "stage". It kind of reminds me of Ricky Ricardo's club, The Tropicana, if it were still around today... and if they served Italian food... and if it was in North Denver. The real eye candy is the neon mural on the wall. It's of the Vegas Strip, but not the current Vegas Strip... the 1967 Vegas Strip. The tables were small, which made for little to no room for our food and drinks. Our first waitress wasn't very good. We all ordered a plethora of food and salads. Everyone at my table received their salad except for me. The waitress finally brought my salad once everyone else received their entrees. Then, I had my salad for a few minutes, but never received my food. I looked back and saw it sitting on an empty table in back of us. I ordered a small, mild canoli and a small, hot canoli (for a whopping total of $2.90). I was given two hot canolis, but I decided not to send them back because I was starving! They were tasty, but quite spicy.My husband ordered the Elegante. It was a large canoli filled sausage, smothered with red sauce and topped with melted cheddar/jack cheese and shredded lettuce. Lettuce? Cheddar/Jack cheese? On a canoli? What?! It was SO random! If a smothered burrito and a manicotti had intercourse, the Elegante would be what their love child would look like. If you order the spaghetti, definitely order the hand-made noodles! They were SO good! The beer selection was pretty much nonexistent. Husband had to settle for Bud Light, which made him a sad panda inside. The band started playing and it was our queue to move on to our next destination. Overall, Lechuga's is very inexpensive and the food isn't bad.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,5/3/2011,43,174,2,9,8>I've been to the other Yak and Yeti location many times but I had never been to the Arvada one.  I brought 18 of my friends and we had a fantastic dinner.Most people did the buffet, including me.  It's a big buffet and they serve it all day, one of the main reasons I prefer Yak and Yeti.  I stuffed myself with deliciously spiced food.  It was the first time I had a momo (dumpling) and it was spicy goodness.  That was probably the biggest hit from the buffet.They even brew their own beer!  The bar was hopping when we got there and I tried the Chai Milk Stout.  Yum!  It was definitely one of the best stouts I've had and stouts are my favorite.  It's such an interesting beer.We had a room to ourselves and the service was spectacular.  We always had enough to drink and dishes were whisked away as soon as we were finished with them.  We all ate too much but it was a happy kind of full.Though I like how small and simple the Westminster location is, the Arvada location is definitely more comfortable.  You hang out in separate rooms of a large converted house, and much of the seating is on long couches.  It was really nice.A few of us hung out until 10PM drinking beers.  The owner spoke with us a few times and he was a joy.  It was a great evening and I'll be back!
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,5/2/2011,22,26,10,9,10>I LOVE this dental office!! The staff are AWESOME!!  They are very friendly, they  make sure I get a thorough cleaning, and remind me of my upcoming appointments via text.  The office is spotless and very comfortable, the massage chairs rock! I will never EVER go anywhere else.  They also offer Care Credit, which is great because I do not have dental insurance so I pay out of pocket.  SMILES!! :)
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,5/1/2011,116,230,7,9,7>TAG, you're it! This is not your father's Larimer Square restaurant. The miso black cod is not to be missed.So many of the spots on Larimer cater to tourists and people from the 'burbs making their occasional trip downtown: They're not neighborhood restaurants (even though some of us actually live in their neighborhood). On more than one occasion, I've been annoyed by waiters breathlessly pushing particular apps (Osteria Marco: "My favorite starter is the burrata. So shall I put in an order for the burrata?" BTW, I thought the burrata was over-rated.) -- and even worse (at Bistro Vendome), talking to me like I've never been out to eat before, except at Applebee's. Although the most memorable annoying remark came from a waiter at Capital Grille who said "Let me know if you ladies need me to explain anything" (hey buddy, it's Capital Grille. You serve steak and spinach. And stop calling us 'ladies').But I digress. TAG is more like a local foodie's place that happens to be on Larimer Square. Yes, there's a bar scene. But our waiter described the food thoughtfully, and served us as if he assumed we knew how to read a menu. Did I mention the miso black cod? It's fabulous. We also had the seafood pot stickers -- delicious. The presentation is nice without being overwrought.TAG is a beautiful place, too. Combining old (brick walls and cozy booths) with new (shiny wine storage, interesting lighting).So often, it's tough to get good service when a restaurant is nearly empty. We arrived at opening time (5 pm), after a matinee performance of Cavalia. But service was top-notch, and stayed that way as the place filled up. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,4/30/2011,459,806,8,11,8>You know, I don't like the word "nerd". I'm not a big embracer of "nerd-dome", but well, my husband can be pretty nerdy. Our walls are decorated with space invaders and a homemade Pac-Man made out of post-it's. We don't really hide it, and luckily at 1up our nerdiness is fully embraced. Rather than list all the games this place have, I'll simply say, if you liked it in the 80's, it's probably. here. They have the only freestanding Tapper and Burgertime machines I have ever seen. The machines work, don't eat your money, aren't horribly burned in, and overall seemed well-loved. Wide railings are placed between every game so that you have somewhere to place your drink. Drinks are reasonably priced, and our mixed drinks were pretty translucent, so, strong to boot. The food is pretty straight forward, and I was a little surprised that mozzarella sticks ran me $8.00, but service was fast even just a few days after opening. I agree that they could personalize their menu a bit; they have a bacon cheeseburger on a donut, but how is that nerdy? All that is is a Paula Deen burger. She might eat as badly as a dorm-dwelling nerd, but she can't game like one. Some nearby hipster establishments have "Pac-cakes" and other nerdy food, and that could really go well here. Burgertime burger complete with fried eggs, anyone? Donkey Kong peanut butter and banana sandwich? I hope that will improve over time, but for now I'm over-the-moon that the machines work, the floors aren't too sticky, and there is food if you run out of Skee Ball-fueled adrenaline.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,4/29/2011,130,843,1,14,5>My secondary bumped to primary once I decided I didn't want to deal with a fixed price NYE menu. I've been waiting for Lou's since its anticipated Dec. 21 opening date. This place is easy to miss on 38th Avenue. In fact, I've missed the entrance twice, once last week, the second time tonight. Make note: turn right on Shoshone. It will be on your right.They don't take reservations, but the place was nearly empty around 5pm, so no worries there. I was greeted promptly by their wait staff and when I said I'll seat myself at the bar, they asked which one. What?! Charcuterie bar or the "bar" bar. The charcuterie bar looked a bit too lonely, so I sat at the main bar. The guy taking care of me was Dan, Dan the Man. He was friendly and very helpful with suggestions. This evening brought champagne samplers and when I inquired on the Oronoco in its distinctive bottle, a small tasting. This was a good start and it would only get better.I started off with the house smoked salmon and house made cream cheese. This plate while being filled with slightly translucent salmon, also came with capers, minced onions, chopped hard boiled egg, and bread. I dove right in. The salmon was slightly smoky and the cream cheese tangy. It was fun finger food pairing up these flavors.If memory serves me right, Adam Hodak coordinated the cocktail offerings as he also did for the Green Russell. Mine was a spicy concoction, rightly named Spiced Peugeot. It was a satisfying drink on a cold wintery day. Cocktails clock in at $10.Dan had also recommended the french onion soup, saying it takes 3 days preparation. I generally don't imbibe this soup, but decided to try it. It was a slightly sweet, savory concoction with two slices of bread sitting on top. Again, another winner.The final course was the Thai pork and duck sausage with green curry potatoes. It was a good sized portion and went well with my book, Monster Hunter Vendetta. I sawed into each spicy succulent piece and enjoyed every morsel. The book was good too. The potatoes were the perfect balance.My recommendation: go here. Visit this new Highlands establishment. The staff is friendly, the food great, and the bar ample.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,4/28/2011,120,341,6,6,7>You know some places should be illegal!  This places is soooo good!  I had a thai iced tea because I like really sweet drinks sometimes.  I was sweet but not insanely sweet and you get quite a bit for $2.  The an app we shared the veggie fried egg rolls.  It was stuffed with veggies and rice noodles with a chili sauce.  Very good, not too greasy or lacking in stuffing.  I ordered the pad-see-ew.  Oh god!  These noodles were so tasty!  It came with enough shrimp about 6, broccoli, carrots, fried egg and probably some crack.  The sauce was very good, everything blended well together.Hubby had the drunken noodles.  I tasted them and he ordered medium and they had the right amount of spice.  I think he downed them in 10 minutes and I think wanted more.  All the noodle dishes you get to pick the protein and spice level.  With the pad see eh I could go to hot, but the drunken I think was good at medium.We finished with the mango sticky rice.  You get a huge plate of sliced mango with a dollop of sticky rice.  The rice had some coconut in it and if you ate it together, mmmmm.  1 app, 2 entrees, drinks and dessert, $30.  The waiter was very nice and attentive.I found my new favorite thai restaurant in Denver!
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,4/27/2011,12,239,7,5,6>Yum, yum!!Now, I don't know how many people have ever tried "tripitas" anything before, but kid you not, this place has the absolute best LOWER PIG INTESTINE around town! So what are tripitas, well yes, they are pig intestine - tiny, squidlike flesh rings, fried with enough oil to make them seem deep-fried. You either love the crisp rubbery texture and deep critter nuttiness, or you don't.  They are super awesome on a hot corn tortilla, topped with salsa, onion/cilantro, and cabbage.  I just can't explain how they make my mouth water right now and as some of you are - barf, gag, ptew-ing right now, this is a must try dish.  I've had tripitas homemade (it doesn't really get any better than that, but this is right close to it), and from other vendors (ugh, like chewing on a rubber band) and even introduced my FH to them and he loves them, and will never go anywhere else.Now, they do serve various other meats ala taco, ala tostada, ala torta, etc, but if you want something new and fabulous, ask for an order of the tripitas tacos, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,4/26/2011,135,320,3,6,6>It was gray and dismal out and if I was still in my youth in the Midwest my thoughts would turn to my Mom's homemade chicken noodle soup.  However I am a big girl now... OK OK I am an old lady now and live in Denver so when bad weather beckons my thoughts turn to pho.It happens that not too far from my abode there resides two pho places, neither of which I have tried yet (for shame).  I turned to my trusty Yelpers to guide me in the right direction and Pho 79 it was.I sat down and ordered a small #1 - meatball.  The wait staff was efficient - not very personable-  but definitely efficient.  When my bowl arrived WOW - I have been to various pho places around Denver but I have never had this much meat in a bowl before - I mean I had to dig through all of it to get to the noodles.   Overall it was a good dining experience - the only reason I deducted a star was because the broth was a little on the light side.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,4/25/2011,389,548,4,7,7>I had the extremely good fortune of getting to go to dinner here on the company's dime this week for a client dinner.  I'd been once before, but amazing food is even better when you don't have to hold back due to price.There are a million reasons to love this place -  everything from the small Highlands space, the cozy/casual dining room, the ever-changing menu board that the server recites to you in lieu of a menu, the mismatched dishes, and most importantly, THE FOOD.  Everything feels like it's made with extra love.Tables are first come first serve and even though they had to hold the table a few minutes before we got our whole party together, nobody at the restaurant seemed to mind.Last night I got to try: Boulevard St. Germain cocktail - really refreshing with hints of pear and just a bit of champagne to give it some fizz.Charcuterie plate - while I didn't sample the pates, I did get some of the tiny housemade pickles, cheese, and jam.Mussels - they use Ingrid's mussels and are very fresh tasting and high quality.  In the herbed pool of broth there were hints of citrus, maybe orange.  A delicious take on one of my standbys and I found myself sopping up broth with the grilled bread on the side.French onion soup (and the broth is vegetarian) - WOW.  I've had veggie French onion soup twice....once when I made it and once at Jason's deli.  They load the little bowl up with a hunk of bread and tons of cheese, broiling it until there are hunks of crispy cheese burnt to the bowl that you can't help but peel off and eat.  So glad I ordered this.Halibut - I ordered this for my entree.  It arrived poached in a broth similar to the mussel appetizer broth but just a little bit different.  Light, but a tad creamy with a tarragon flavor and lots of cooked greens.  A few mussels, mushrooms, and fingerling potatoes were hanging out in there as well.  I loved it....a good light follow-up to the more decadent soup.I also tried a bite of someone's gnocchi.  It comes with a little pot of cheese fondue and is topped with wild chanterelle mushrooms.  I liked it, but liked my fish more.  But I couldn't let her waste the remaining mushrooms when she was finished so I was sure to take care of them.The service is unhurried and not concerned with flipping tables - the way a meal like this ought to be enjoyed.  Some of the entrees even take at least 45 minutes for preparation...so much care goes into every dish.Not an everyday meal as it can be cost-prohibitive to eat here often, but a truly delicious dining experience and one of the best restaurants in Denver, in my opinion.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,4/24/2011,73,96,2,6,5>Dazzle and I have a long history...I feel like I've been going for ages. I've seen many friends play shows here, as well as many other great shows. It really is an intimate, fun setting to listen to music, and they seem to get the best jazz players that come through town. I don't think there is really any other place in town quite like it. Whats that? Talk about the food? Oh man, the food. I've enjoyed their menu for as long as I can remember too, they've always cooked a perfect burger, grilled a fine pizza, but the more recent addition of a crazy-awesome happy hour really sets Dazzle apart from the rest! I love that I can go in on a sunday, get a burger, fries, and a martini for $10. If you haven't been, go. If you haven't been for happy hour, what are you waiting for?
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,4/23/2011,152,243,3,7,5>This place makes me CRAVE salads. I never crave anything slightly healthy, but their Thai Coconut salad is so delicious. It's the only thing I've ever "ordered" but I have sampled their pepperoni pizza and their bbq chicken pizza and found them equally scrumptious. The people who work at this location are really friendly (I think the owner works behind the counter). The decor is clean and modern-- HA! Like MOD market-- and the food is served quickly. I got confused as to where the entrance was, but if you park in the Tokyo Joe's parking lot it is to the right of the building. Mod Market also has parking at the back of the building.I think the prices are reasonable for the amount/quality of food you get ($8-11 per entree), but I understand why people don't want to pay over $10 for a salad. Think of it as a meal, not just lettuce, and then you won't feel so bad about the price.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2010,4/22/2011,267,467,4,8,6>I was killing time waiting for City Floral to open, so I walked around the corner to this little place.  Sat at the counter and had one terrific breakfast.  The older lady cook came out to ask the guy sitting at the counter next to me how he liked his breakfast and he waxed eloquent about the chiles poblanos.  So, eavesdropping pays off!I had the Luchadores - kind of a take on huevos rancheros but so much better.  Start with your choice of black or pinto beans, top them with two corn tortilla quesadillas, top them with two slabs of freshly roasted poblanos, top them with two eggs (pick your style) top with mild green chile or homemade salsa.  Delish, but I could only finish half - it's hearty.  Also, by the time you add in a beverage, you're over $10.  Coffee was excellent, as well - they grind their own beans.Service was fairly prompt - there's only the one lady in the kitchen and she makes most everything from scratch.  Can't speak for the rest of the menu or the espresso drinks or the mixed drinks (yeah, if you go for brunch you could get a Bloody).  But, breakfast was just dandy.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,4/21/2011,397,602,7,8,12>Holy Amazeballs.Whenever Hans O asks me to go out and eat with him, I will never ever say no from here on out. He has always taken me to the best Asian restaurants in Denver. For a long time, I thought good asian food just did not exist here. Well I now know that is far from the truth and you will always find mind blowing Asian food here on this strip of S. Federal.When I go out to eat with Hans he usually orders for the table. It's not annoying since I usually trust him with his choices. We started out with an appetizer platter including egg rolls, pork, chicken and noodles, carrots, lettuce etc.  We were also served spring roll paper in which we could make our own spring rolls. How awesome and unique. This is perfect for me, who is super picky about food, so I could just stuff mine with as much meat and noodles as I wanted!We also split the dinner for two (for a table of 4).  This included a stir-fried pork, lemongrass chicken, and a soup that I wasn't really a big fan of. Otherwise the meat dishes were fantastic.  Total bill for all this food was $40something.  We had so much food we couldn't even fit it all on the table at once.This is one of the few times I have gone out for vietnamese food that wasn't pho. I was super impressed, and I'll definitely be back, over and over and over again.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,4/20/2011,126,120,1,6,4>I definitely have to update my review from 2009. After almost two years of living in Aurora I finally went into China Jade to see all these Schezuan dishes with my own eyes (my previous expereince was with delivery)I was not disapointed. I ordered the boiling fish slices dish which seemed to be yelp recommended. It was definatley a ligit dish, soft fish filets swimming in chilling oil with plenty of garlic and pepper. The flavor of the dish was excellent. My only qualm was the quality of the fish, which was a little below par, and fishy. For about $13 the dish was HUGE, and there are still plenty of left overs in my fridge. I also ordered the beef tendons to snack on. Such a simple and popular dish, yet so hard to find in Denver! Again, a very generous portion, and if I didn't have left overs I would probably have ordered another one to go for home snacking. Great Chinese food, yes. Best in Colorado.. maybe. Its more cafe-styled for casual meals with friends. This is definatley my go-to place now for chinese cravings under $20.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/19/2011,202,82,2,5,7>When we arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday night, it looked like we'd be in for a nice long wait, but to our delight, after about five minutes the four of us were seated.The tables are packed in tightly, but the ambiance is very nice and it's clear that no expense was spared in re-doing everything in the entire restaurant, complete with a new entrance and lights that change colors running under the sushi bar.We were in a gabby mood and took our time ordering but were quickly served with some Sake, Edamame and Seaweed Salad. I was happy to see an extensive vegetarian section on the menu, and I ordered my favorite sweet potato tempura roll and an avocado, asparagus and cucumber roll, while my friends went crazy and accidentally ordered spicy tuna in 3 of the 5 things they ordered. They liked the Spice Girl the best.We chomped and gabbed and ate sake and before we knew it, we had been there 3 hours. The restaurant started to clear out and so our service got even better, bringing carafe after carafe of sake and some cheesecake bites to complete our night. This is definitely going to be our new sushi hangout!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,4/18/2011,202,266,4,1,4>Came here for happy hour the other night and when I looked at the menu, I saw buffalo tots and immediately knew that the people who own Horseshoe also own this place.  The prices during happy hour were absolutely amazing and the staff was friendly.  I wish I lived in Highlands because I would love to make this my new local hang out but my friend Tamara lives there so I suppose I can make this her new local hang out.  I'm sad they didn't have a wall with glitter paint but maybe that will be a special thing between me and The Horseshoe.And beware of the motion sensor behind the giant mirror in the bathroom.  The lights may go out on you in mid pee and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,4/17/2011,204,249,1,4,5>I LOVE THIS PLACE!  I ended up in here the other day for my birthday.  I was in cooking heaven!  Blue cheese powder, harissa, cajun blackening seasing, Japanese seven spice, black truffle sea salt (giggity!) and so much more!They have "taster" shakers of everything so you can smell and taste everything first.  The guy behind the counter was very nice and knowledgeable.  I will DEFINITELY be back again!  I also just found out that there is a location off of 2nd and Quebec, which is much closer to me!  I'll have to check this location out next.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,4/16/2011,290,399,2,11,7>I am in love. Passionate love with this place. I am not in good shape, but am trying to be so Beginner Cycle with Jen is exactly what I am looking for. She was peppy and fun and had great tunes, and didn't try to kill me in the interim. After my first class I instantly threw down for a package deal and cannot wait to try the yogacycle classes! It's a small studio that feels very inspiring and non-judgy, unlike a lot of gyms. I wish it were closer to where I live but it's pretty close to work so I'm thinking I'll still get over there as much as I want to. Fantastic!BONUS: they have a lot you can park in - thank god!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,4/15/2011,119,122,9,9,9>I am a man of simple tastes. I like my Slurpees cold, my music loud, and my dinner out of a can or microwaveable sleeve. That said, if I ever decide to jump on the organic food bandwagon, this store will be my only stop.  A large--but not overwhelming--grocery store (remember those?) nestled in a prime location of the Highlands, Sunflower Market is a staple for my non-preserved shopping needs. I don't go here more than once a month, but whenever I do, they always have exactly what I need, at a price we can both agree on. Most of my visits are baking related; the majority of foodstuff I've purchased here has (unsurprisingly) wound up in a cupcake recipe. Blood oranges and chopped walnuts and dried fruit, oh my! This store isn't the most exotic place in town, and couldn't hold up against your average 'ethnic' market over on Federal Blvd, but it has enough to keep it interesting and convenient.If, like me (and I know relatively few Yelpers ARE like me), you refuse to take your business to Whole Foods for personal and/or political reasons, Sunflower Market is probably your best bet. In my experience, the prices are lower, the staff is friendlier (love me, love the festive gentlemen who always seems to check out my groceries), and the selection is still comparable. Most of the selection without any of the white man's guilt or credit card bills of shopping at a major competitor? That's enough to keep me coming back.As other reviewers have touched on, the store is not without its faults. Like Tiffany W before me, I, too, have felt the pain of an early morning check-out at this store; I usually avoid the self-checkout lanes at corporate stores, but there are times where I could really benefit from one here. There have also been times where I come in with an agenda, can't find what I'm looking for, and have to prowl around for a stocker to point me in the right direction. But once I have them in my sights, they're always friendly and direct with their service. Waiting a few extra minutes for that kind of service, compared to having an army of hostile drones at my beck and call (Wal-Mart), seems like an easy decision.As long as the store is still stocking relatively obscure produce for my baking needs, I'll be a fan of Sunflower Market. Hey, someone has to stick up for the 'real' little guy.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,4/14/2011,28,90,6,7,5>At first glance, a castle-shaped facade in Cherry Creek North called The Wizards Chest looks so out of place, one might mistakenly think it an upscale gentleman's club, or perhaps a clever construction barrier for a shop about to peddle overpriced Italian footwear.Far from it - inside is a magical world for, as they say, for kids from 1 to 92. I've never seen the likes of it.The upstairs consists of all sorts of costumes and fancy getups, applicable mostly for Halloween (and those mystery balls where you dress up like Zorro, only to reveal yourself at midnight to the buxom Lady Antoinette - just like in a spy movie). But the real action is downstairs.Games - real games, games you can play with people, games you've never heard of before - games that require humans to interact in imaginative and/or intellectual ways.  Kid to kid, adult vs. adult, the whole gamut.  Sure, there are some D&D types in the clientele, totally expected, but they're quarantined in the back left corner ;-)Tired of Risk, Trivial Pursuit and that ilk? The staff is friendly and helpful, and is more than glad to help you pick out a killer new game you've never heard of that's 10x better. Plus, on select nights, people get to hang out and play some of the games, so you can try before you buy (many of the best games aren't exactly cheap, and yes - they have to pay the rent in Cherry Creek).Plus parlor tricks, games to bend the mind, and puzzles galore. The closest thing to Weasleys Joke Shop this side of an overpriced theme park. If your tastes run down to a small plastic dinosaur for Junior to slobber on, or the good ole hand buzzer, well there's that too.Stretch your imagination, re-establish the fun of sitting down with friends at a dining room table for a few hours and laughing like kids, or with kids. This place gives you the best excuse to unplug the Wii and get a life.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,4/13/2011,702,888,7,7,10>Don't let my Taco Bell review fool you, I know the difference between their "beef" taco and the real thing. I love love love soft tacos of any variety on teeny tiny corn tortillas with fresh, crunchy veggie toppings. Though I'd had tacos at Billy's before with mixed results (shrimp, yes please! mahi mahi not so much), I'd been dying to try the 99-cent rock lobster tacos at their late night happy hour for over a year. They had fried chunks of lobster topped with crunchy cabbage and tangy dressing. I hate to call this coleslaw but perhaps that's what it was. Either way, it was delicious and not as messy as expected. On top of their fabulous late night HH (9-11pm Sun-Thurs, 10pm+ on Fridays) with the 99-cent lobster tacos, $3.99 nachos, $1.99 salt and pepper chips and $3.99 margs, they have other specials each night of the week and Wednesdays it's $5 for a PBR and a tequila shot. Plus they bring out lime wedges and shot glasses filled with chunky salt. Now I'm no normal Wednesday night rabble rouser, but sometimes you find yourself in the right place at the right time. What a cheap way to spoil yourself with lobster and tie one on with tequila. Sure beats tacos - even quarter tacos - from TB any day of the week. Sad I moved a couple miles away!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,4/12/2011,75,150,1,5,6>Saturday night & Sunday morning... sounds like a Counting Crows album... hm. Anyway.The idea of Sketch earned its stars before it earned its stars.I was on my way home from a Saturday at work that seemed far longer than the actual hours you can fit into one day. I called a friend I hadn't seen in a while on the off chance he'd be available last minute on a Saturday night. To my surprise, the stars began to align. He told me of a "cool wine bar" in his neighborhood. The idea was a bright beacon that guided me from my rotten day.We parked in the lot across the street and walked purposefully to the door (purpose = numb the sharp edge of the day). I liked the place even before stepping inside. The atmosphere was as refreshing as the bottle of wine shared amongst the catch-up conversation and new plans of old friends.You know those adult-drink-inspired conversations when every plan you make for the following idea sounds like the best plan in the world? After buzzing about what a great place Sketch is and how Roommate would love it, we made plans to return for brunch the following morning. It turns out, this actually was one of the best plans in the world. My return visit to Sketch fit perfectly between mine and Roommate's Wash Park run and the afternoon barbecue we attended. This time, I got to taste more than just the plain (yet delicious) roasted almonds. I ordered some sort of hot vegatarian panini which included cheese, egg, roasted red pepper and onion. The bread was grilled just the way I like it, and the mixture of ingredients satisfied my mid-morning appetite wholly. So why then are there not five stars? The missing star equates to Saturday night's table service: it was a bit slow due to the volume at the bar; and also to Roommate's Sunday morning Bloody Mary. There is an art to the Bloody Mary and Sketch doesn't quite have this down. The bartender, however, was awesome and so was the music he selected to play from the outdoor patio speakers. He fit well into our laid back Sunday. Also note, My mimosa with its sangria soaked orange to adorn the side was fantastic and lovely. In fact, those two words sum up this review of Sketch quite nicely.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,4/11/2011,134,373,2,5,5>Upon recommendation from the other David S"hrek", I stopped by Steve's to try a dog.  I fancy myself an expert on several foods, and all manner of hot dogs are one of those foods.It is at times like this that I am conflicted about the Yelp grading.  I occasionally wish for the 1/2 star option.  I would give Steve's a 3.5 stars, if that were available, but since not, I award 4, because the dogs were quite good and Steve's seems to be a very supportive and involved member of the community.I had two different dogs.  The Coney Dog and the Memphis Dog.  The chili on Coney was perfect for a dog, but they needed a little more of the grilled onions.  I am sure that if I had asked, they would have added some.  The Memphis dog was also excellent.  The coleslaw was nice and rich and not watery, which on a hot dog, can spell disaster for your bun.I would eat here again if I am in the area and jonesing a hot dog, as often happens.  As others have pointed out, the prices are not cheap, but the dogs here are worth the money in my opinion.  Sometimes, you really do get what you pay for.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,4/10/2011,452,518,3,8,7>I've been here a few times.  Is it haute cuisine?  No, but that's because it's a pub and not a five star dining establishment.  I also hesitate to opine on whether it's "Irish enough" --- I've been to Ireland and so I'd probably say no, but do I really care?  Also: no.  The Irish Hound is ideally suited for what it's supposed to be -- a place to linger and enjoy drinks, food and good company.  And the drinks, in my opinion, are good.  I've encountered three, maybe four separate bartenders --- all were great on the pour.  There is nice patio space outdoors and indoors it's large enough and comfortable enough to accommodate the neighborhood flow.  People have mentioned sub-par service but frankly I don't see it.  Each time I've been to the Hound the staff have been great.  Very friendly, accommodating, attentive.  Also down to earth.  That's what you want at a pub; no pretentiousness, just quick on the booze and the grub.  I usually stick to the marinated chicken sandwich or the fries.  I'm not there to eat a five star meal.  What I eat is always good.  I like this place, I'm not gonna lie.  Wish the parking sitch was better, but alas, you can't have it all.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,4/8/2011,71,164,5,16,7>My fiance and I went to iFish last night to try out the latest restaurant in a spot that seems to be a major restaurant killer. As last night was only their second night open, my expectations weren't super high as I know it takes time to iron out the food and service related kinks that come with a new team. While the restaurant seemed a little overstaffed, everyone was friendly and our waiter seemed to know what we wanted before we even asked. We were given a complimentary cucumber salad with some octopus on top which was a very promising start to our dinner. The rest of the meal did not disappoint. We tried the tako (octopus) nigiri, the #7 special roll, a California roll (which uses real crab and not the krab that I have become used to), and a negihama roll (yellowtail and scallion). Everything was fantastic and the #7 roll is a new favorite. As with any new restaurant, they need to develop a stronger identity and a more natural service style before I can give them 5 stars. I certainly hope that iFish does better than its predecessors because they are serving some seriously delicious food here.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,4/7/2011,188,277,11,2,11>Sung in the voice of Dennis DeYoung:"I've got a secret. I've got a secret.I'm just a man who needed someone and needed somewhere to hide. To keep me alive. Keep me alive.I WANNA THANK YOU.Domo arigato Mr. Domo.Domo DomoFor helping me escape when I needed you.Domo arigato Mr. Domo.I WANNA THANK YOU."That was just a snippet from the new concept rock opera album I am working on. It's about a post-apocalyptic future where everybody is forced to eat mediocre food from chain restaurants. A rebel fed up with bland pablum he is forced to eat, searches for a place where food comes from the soul and actually tastes like something.He finds a place hidden in the industrial corridor of the big city. He pushes the giant wooden gate and finds an immaculate garden with a gurgling stream and verdant foliage. He then enters a warehouse-like building and is immediately overcome with the smells of fresh miso and sake. He sits down on these low, wooden tables and is served a great variety of delicious foods.  Eight mysterious bowls are filled with strange items called "vegetables." They all taste so fresh and delicious he can hardly believe his "buds." He is then served an even larger bowl of something called "Udon." It contains a savory broth filled with delicious brown noodles and a shrimp fried perfectly in a flour shell. And somehow it also comes with a savory chicken dish with a sauce known as "teriyaki." All the while, a magical liquid called "sake" was poured into tiny cups for him to drink. As he sipped the warm liquid, he realized its life-sustaining properties. As it slowly glided down his throat he was warmed body and soul and left with a sort of "liquid courage." Feeling brave, he was now able to face the outside world knowing that there is at least one place where flavor still exists.Domo arigato Mr. Domo.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,4/6/2011,51,204,4,7,8>The best part of Helga's for me ? A Pet friendly patio ! Yes, you can bring your drooling shedding mutt to lunch with you and eat on their patio. We've even seen someone lunching with their PARROT ( no kidding!). The owner was kind enough to take a moment and come pet my pooch. She brought  him a drink of water and later in our meal refilled the bowl of water.  Now, if that isn't service for your favorite furry friend, than I don't know what is ! Real Authentic German food. Reasonable Prices.  A fun German atmosphere and the owners are actually German!Make sure to buy their Apfel (apple for all you non German speakers) Strudel up front in the German deli. Last Friday of every month they host a live German band for an even more authentic experience.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,4/5/2011,185,251,5,5,9>Bistro Vendome keeps getting better and better.  Last night, it kept me sane.  That in itself gets five stars.  Now, how can a restaurant keep one sane, you ask?  Good question.  I'll elaborate.I was downtown working late on a huge project when I realized that I had house guests in.  Mr. Mixer was keeping them entertained, but I was in no mood for friendly chatter.  So I left work for a quick bite and some quiet before I went home.Enter Bistro Vendome.  Actually, I entered it, but whatever.I found a nice table in the corner, kind of out of the way.  The server was so nice, she took my order for steak tartare (of course) and champagne and then just let me relax and read. And it was very cool, because the server realized that I was in need of quiet, and after checking that the tartare came out and tasted good, she just left me alone until I pushed my plate away.  Realizing that I was still hungry, I ordered the onion soup.  Again, the server was friendly and polite.  I finished my book and my soup, and was able to go home and be friendly and polite to my guests.  The wonderful service and happy atmosphere made me feel peaceful.  Sane.  In the membrane.I love the food at Bistro Vendome, although the onion soup was a little sweet for my tastes.  But the service just puts it over the top.  Bistro Vendome is definitely one of my favorite places!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,4/4/2011,35,100,18,6,8>"Hi, I sell gym equipment.""Hi, I'm a Mexican burrito...shack.""Hi, I'm a fledgling art/pottery gallery.""Hi, I'm a Southern-style BBQ joint."No, you're not watching a Lifetime TV movie about a young and sassy housewife with multiple personality disorder.Welcome to Burrito Giant.  Capture the magic.Each of the four distinct personalities seem inadvertently intertwined with the others.  However, it's the Mexican burrito part that should take priority in your book.  Especially the breakfast part....EMPHASIS on the breakfast burrito part.Despite the questionably thrown-together interior, the breakfast burritos here are a standout success.  The insides are comprised of potatoes and eggs.  The outside is smothered with a fairly incredible pork green chile, which, I'll note, is a bit devilish in a spicy kind of way.  You then have the option of adding some sort of meat.  I have learned that the chorizo sausage is my winner.  You can also add Spanish rice, onions, cheese, and lettuce.  However, take my word for it: skip that part.  It takes away from the awesome flavor of the green chile.  Pork green chile, as you know, is a jealous bi*ch, and you don't wanna compromise her Cecil B DeMille closeup with needless lettuce and onions and crap.Note - don't get the bacon.  It's too...well, just don't order your burrito with bacon.  Trust me on this one.If you watch the made-for-TV movie "Cybil," which is about multiple personality disorders, you'll understand and relate to "Burrito Giant" better.  However, once you've come and gone, you'll know which personality you'll prefer to be around.  Hint: it's not the gym equipment, pottery, or BBQ.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,4/3/2011,103,97,9,15,13>Alright kids, the word of the day is "atmosphere." Say it with me now: ATMOSPHEREI read the other reviews, I listen to what people have to say. The jist is this: a nice, low key place to get a really well made drink in LoDo that isn't completely overpriced. This is usually not the case with anything in this neighborhood. Prohibition-era themed, Green Russell is the kind of place ideal for people who want a fantastic cocktail and great conversation. Things to be ready for:1) The "Front Business" is a "pie shop."  They do sell pies here, I'm not sure when or of what varieties.  The point isn't the pies.  Go through the door and the hostess will seat you.  Repeat: THE HOSTESS WILL SEAT YOU.  Even though it's a "bar", don't treat it like one. The point is that everyone is seated and no one is standing over your shoulder or crowding you.  Remember: atmosphere.2) We all have a "regular drink" or "my drink". Just forget about it, because chances are the talented bartenders here will have something a dozen times better than the drink you probably lost your virginity to. There are a dozen or so "menu drinks" with ingredients you've probably never heard of.  Like a particular liquor? Then just say that and "surprise me" and you will be surprised.  3) Drinks are a little pricier than other places in the area.  Again: Atmosphere.  That's what you get when you aren't jammed in to just-below-fire-code capacity, screaming your order to the sullen bartender who then pours you something weak in a plastic cup. The drink will also be a lot stronger than what you're used to.  Prohibition style cocktails and prohibition era prices. Green Russell isn't your usual bar. So loose your usual expectations and you'll love this place.  Not what you're looking for? Old Chicago is around the corner.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,4/2/2011,112,168,11,8,8>Yes, our dog needed a bath, and he got a bath today at Heavenly Dog. This was really great, as he stunk and I just changed all the sheets last night, and as we all know, a stinky dog, can make for stinky sheets. I am so very thankful for a stink free canine.Now in all honesty my oldest daughter and I fled to do some shopping, leaving the dog washing to my fiance, my 10 year old and the dog. We returned to a clean pooch and my fiance asking the IMPOSSIBLE.... "Can you trim his nails'? In recent history this request has turned out poorly. As in, really, REALLY bad.Not today, today was different. By no means was it perfect, and my man could have easily lost a nostril or neck vein, but you, ( who's name I did not get and am sooo sorry, but seemed to be the only woman there today) You TRIMMED HIS NAILS...and NO ONE WENT TO THE E.R. THANK YOU, whoever you are. My thighs,and yoga pants and any part of me that will no longer have dog daggers implanted. THANK YOU!In all honesty you did something not one of 3 other places could do...
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,4/1/2011,106,322,8,9,5>I was always sort of anti-Pablo's because of the lack of wifi. But saying "anti-" is a bit of an overstatement. It was just that I would go other places, because I keep a good tea collection and home and don't really need to go out to the coffee shop for it, so I only use the coffee shop as a way to get out of the house when I'm working on stuff.But with my own wifi card in tow, it makes for a nice change of pace from my usual coffee shop haunts in town. You can actually get a seat usually, the staff have ALWAYS been helpful here and that's been consistent throughout my time coming here. Good tea selection (since I'm not much of a coffee guy) and comfy environs. So it's leaped to the top of my favourite coffee shops in town as a result. But don't show up and start crowding it so I can't get a seat. :)
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,3/31/2011,138,353,9,16,14>Other indoor karting places are just imitating. I've done indoor go-karting for about 8 years now (been to a TON of different places, and I can wheel a kart pretty well) and Unser is right at the top.These are not amusement park karts. You're probably hitting about 40mph in these karts, on an indoor concrete track. They are no joke. They're fast, there's no power steering (my shoulders and arms are still sore) and there aren't any seatbelts, so you get tossed around the seat quite a bit.It's a decent track layout with two basic straights, and 3 sets of tight corners. The track is fast and tight, and there's no real break for your body. So in a 7 minute race you'll get about 21 laps in if you're quick, and your hands and shoulders will be sore. If they aren't you're either slow or just in better shape than me :-)It's a challenging track, a very pro operation that's done efficiently and well from top to bottom. Literally. The track is on the 2nd floor.  It's a great place to go to actually work on fast laps, and racing. You'll inevitably get caught up behind people who aren't quick, but there are a few perfect opportunities to pass, and it's still a lot of fun. Plus the tires are a super sticky compound so there's lots of grip to get by others. Plenty of Gs to handle in that racing seat. And remember, brakes ARE useful (in 2 spots on the track) because getting loose and sliding scrubs speed, and the only thing worse than being sideways, is seeing how slow you are at the end of your lap.Right now their facility isn't fully finished. They're planning to add TWO more tracks, a 1/2 mile indoor track and a 1/3 mile outdoor track (that's HUGE) a full service bar and restaurant (No drinking and karting!!) and outdoor patio. This place is gonna be big, and it's going to be even MORE fun for families and people looking for the kind of adrenalin rush that can't be found in Glendale or on Colfax. If you've never been karting, go here. If you love to kart, go here. It's not for the faint of heart, and it will surely become your newest addiction. The best indoor track around hands down.And if you think you can beat my 19.215 let me know and I'll meet you up there for a race :-)
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,3/30/2011,283,243,4,4,5>Jill totally remembered me from the first time I came in! She is a doll and it's always nice to have a chat. I love, love, love, wandering around and looking at what's new. I could spend hours reading all the cards. I LOVE the new series of cuss word cards. I need to decide who I'd send a card to that says "SHIT" on the front of it. It might help to facilitate my passive-aggressive behavior towards certain individuals. Or serve as written manifestations of my potty mouth. I'm totally getting my wedding invites done here. They're so snazzy, creative, and unique. Tons of designs to choose from, and even the priciest are not-so-pricey. Move over, Hallmark. Denver's had enough of you.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,3/29/2011,285,768,7,9,8>I wanted to take my husband to a high end steak house for Valentine's dinner.  I shared the link with him, and I'm glad I did because he was like "no way."  I believe his exact words were "this is not my style".  So, I had seen reviews for Columbine in the past and figured this was about as far from high end as you could get, but still really good.  So, off we went.  This time I didn't share were I was taking him because I really wanted it to be a surprise.  On our venture out to Federal, he was so freaked it was hilarious. He had no idea where I was taking him.  Once we arrived and had to park on the street he was even more freaked out.  I reassured him, he was going to love this.  And love it he did, and surprise, so did I!  We were in line for the front part of the place, which was out the door.  I didn't realize you could sit in the lounge on the opposite side and have table service until it was suggested to us.  We scored the last available table (it was packed on a Tuesday night) and sat down. We ordered drinks, and our dinners.  Top sirloin for the gentleman and filet with shrimp for the lady.  We got our salads, lettuce and dressing, which was good in a funny way.  Then our dinners came. The steak was awesome.  Now, the filet isn't the baseball  size type you would get at a high end joint, but there was no fat on this at all and it was so tender.  I could cut it with a fork. The char-grill flavor was scrumptious.  Baked potatoes doused in butter and sour cream with the huge pieces of Texas toast topped off our dinners.  The shrimp were good, but I could do without next time. Sometimes, fried shrimp can be a bit too much fried for me.  My husband loved his huge sirloin.  He did say he's going with the filet next time.  I mean, you can't beat it-$9.95, seriously.  I did say that-$9.95!!!!This place is totally fun.  I love the divey atmosphere, the cheap steak knives and plastic bowls they serve the weirdest salad in.  I love the steak and you can't beat the ridiculously cheap prices.  The service was great. No frills here, don't expect anything close to that.  But defiantly expect a great steak and an experience to tell your friends about.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,3/28/2011,263,617,7,8,7>This is down home comfort food that would put you in the hospital if you ate it every week. Started with the fried sweetbreads with parsley and lemon wedges. Ordered a main course of a Kobe beef burger stuffed with foie gras and topped with an egg (!), all served over a hoisin demi glace. So you can understand that while looking for some greenery I thought I was being a good boy when I ordered the rocket salad with brie. Little did I understand that the brie was a deeeeep fried cube of a hunk-a-chunk-a-burning-love-cheese. More fat in my salad than in a season of Biggest Losers re-runs.So you're thinking I went decaf for dessert, huh? Wrong you'd be. The fried pies where like twice very deeply fried churros, stuffed with you guess . . . a) cheesecake; b) peach melba; or c) dark chocolate?Wait! You're all correct. The answer was  . . . "all three!"By then I had 911 on the phone for a stop at the local emergency room and then a ride home.Having said all that, the food was grrrrrrrrrrrrrreat. Jasinski does it again. So go when you're trying to make the next weight class or when you just really truly wanna celebrate life (knowing you're going to have to pay Mr. Karma back by not eating for the rest of the week). You're gonna love it.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,3/27/2011,53,57,9,8,7>I've worked drank cooked atewatched ballgamespre-funkedmet new friends almost slept sang dancedplayed cribbage blasted my music down larimer loved lost laughed cried livedplotteddid I mention drink?All HERE.This place will treat you right all the live long day...$2 PBRs/$4 Car Bombs.....Plus over 24 different tequilas....most 100% Blue Agave $4 Blanco/Reposado  $5 Anejo...Beat that with an ugly stick......
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,3/26/2011,21,20,17,6,10>Imagine the following scenario:You wander into the Arabian toward the end of a blurry evening. There is no longer a sign out front, but you can almost make out the name of the bar where it was painted on the front of the building many years ago. There are bars in the windows. You offer a cheery "Hello!" to the tattooed biker type smoking in the shadows near the entrance. He doesn't return your greeting.Once inside you choose between Budweiser, Coors and Miller, unsure if there are other options. You sit in an orange booth that reminds you of what the booths at McDonald's must have been like in the 70s, particularly if you were wont to spend time at McDonald's while under the influence of hallucinogens. Over the course of a single hour you will be offered two different kinds of drugs. A man will show you, with endearing enthusiasm,  that his pants pocket is filled with white powder and you will wonder what happened to the baggy. A woman with a mullet will tell you that you are the worst pool player she's ever seen. A bartender who could be anywhere from 50 to 100 years old will whisper overly specific instructions regarding daylight savings time and extract from you a solemn promise that you will heed her advice.As you leave, certain that everyone in the bar is now your friend, you will be warned that if you don't hurry to your car you might get stabbed by one of the patrons.After imagining this scenario you might react in one of two ways: 1. Brow furrowed, nose wrinkled, arms crossed. You say "ew" and hit the back button on your browser.2. With a racing heart and a mischievous gleam in your eye you say "I want to go there."If your response was anything like #2 I kind of think we should be friends.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,3/25/2011,164,209,1,14,5>Their concept is simple, so I'll keep the review that way too:1. Hops - Great variety on tap, and I love that they have bombers too. The staff is knowledgeable about all the beers. 2. Pie -  I normally view tomato sauce as a vehicle for the rest of the pizza, but their sauce stands out and it tastes amazing. Their toppings are innovative too. I wish they had a few more suggestions for pre-assembled pies, their great list of toppings was overwhelming.  Wheat crust is a nice option if you are feeling healthy, but I think they are still tweaking it. 3. Service - A+4. Atmosphere - Bare-bones.  Quite tiny and lacking in ambiance.  However it's very clean and to-the-point. Fills up quickly. Overall, I'm very excited about this place in the neighborhood!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,3/24/2011,245,483,10,9,10>Enough is enough, Rise and Shine is a five-star joint without question.  Unlike other upstart cafes, there is no unspoken code of coolness needed here, in fact, silliness is encouraged.  Owner Seth is always kind, pleasant and charming, offering biscuit of the day samples and often times he'll let you taste one of his experiments.  The biscuits are always light, fluffy, flakey and loaded with butter.  Any biscuit here is good on its own, but can be further enhanced by their variety of fillers, such as fried chicken.  While the café is small, it is super cozy and every Sunday they play the most awesomely awful music hits from the 1980s - and singing along is encouraged!  Since they are located in the Crestmoor neighborhood, you'll find that many of the customers are young upwardly mobile professionals with young kids and a golden retriever.  In fact, if you bike around the neighborhood regularly, you'll discover that golden retrievers are easily the dog of choice.  My wife, Claire S., hypothesizes that there must be an occasional golden retriever rental system in the neighborhood, where customers can borrow these dogs for walking - a must have accessory for walking around Crestmoor.  Anyhoo - I digress - the biscuits are awesome, they serve Pablo's coffee, the space is bright and cozy, and the owner is the bomb - what else do you need?
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,3/23/2011,22,115,7,8,8>READY?  When he says that, you better BE ready to receive the goods.  And what deliciously cheap goods they are!When you first go there, you will be discouraged by the long line.  Have faith that the Chinja machine is well-oiled, hopefully with some really freakin' hot sesame oil, and that the line will move quickly, because it will.  When you get to the sweet old lady taking the orders, you may panic when you don't know what to order.  At this point you are screwed since if you diddle around you will be admonished for holding up the long line.  Henceforth you will have learned to pick up the printed pink paper menu for perusal whilst standing in line.  Next you take the ticket, move forward, and place it on the table in front of the guy with the wachovia hat.  Make sure you place it in the order that you arrived in the queue or else you will feel the wrath of Chinja.  Finally, stand back and let the man do his magic.Some favs:hot and sour soupkung pao chicken (white, spicy)Why not 5 stars?  Well a couple things like the sesame chicken and crab cheese wontons are meh.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,3/22/2011,40,133,3,7,4>Not exactly a place you would take your first date, this no frills hole-in-the-wall is all about the food.  And a really nice guy cooking it.  After hearing my co-worker rave about it it was time to have a taste.The beef kabob plate was big enough for two and the meat cooked to my preference.  It came with two large skewers on a large bed of rice with a small salad, naan and hummus.  The meat was tender with a subtle marinade flavoring which was complimented by the yellow basmati rice.  The salad had a light oil dressing and the hummus was creamy and smooth.  Delicious!My entree was $13 but there are many choices on the menu for less than $10.I love finds like these!  Mom and pop places you can't get anywhere else!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,3/21/2011,194,576,7,11,11>I can't believe that more Yelpers haven't discovered this gem of a restaurant!  I have often lamented how I've never found good Italian food outside of NY/NJ. Yes there are great Italian restaurants in Denver however they serve up Tuscan style food.  I love East Coast Italian food. Those of you who have lived on the East Coast know what I'm talking about: pastas, parmigiana etc smothered in cheese and sauce. And by sauce I'm not talking about some tomato basil sauce with chunks of veggies. I'm talking thick but smooth red sauce where you can taste everything that has gone into it. There's nothing like real Italian gravy and Bova's makes it.I went yesterday to Bova's for lunch and I ordered the Chicken Parm dinner with Italian Wedding Soup and a side of  garlic toast. The toast was nothing fancy, just Italian bread with butter, garlic and herbs and a side of sauce...just the way I like it! The Italian Wedding Soup was tasty, but nothing to rave about I've had better, I've had worse. The Chicken Parm (see picture) was excellent. The breading was tasty and crisp, the chicken moist and tender. The homemade pasta was divine. Oh and that gravy...don't even get me started!  The portions are huge and I went home with dinner for later on.The ambiance, is well, there is no ambiance. It's exactly what everyone else has said: a little old hole in the wall with crappy parking on Federal. Again, this reminded me of all the Italian places I go to when I'm visiting NY. Who cares about ambiance when you're there for food. Besides, it's clean and the service is friendly. I'll definitely be returning unless my waistline intervenes!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,3/20/2011,190,292,11,10,10>I'm really mortified. I've been visiting Go Fish for YEARS and could have sworn I'd written a review for them. As punishment, I demand I'm fed their spicy tuna rolls (with the little pieces of tempura crunched in there), until I pass out. I must insist. I've been bad. So very bad!This place is awesome. The staff is always pleasant, the food is always presented in the most beautiful ways, and it always, always tastes delicious. Haven't met a piece of fish I didn't like. Their miso and edamame is damn fine, too.Their prices are great, and they have some awesome happy hour specials - however, I will say this: All you can eat sushi SOUNDS good, but when you really go for it? Oof. Not so much.Parking can be somewhat of a bitch in that area on Broadway, but who cares? There are so many great stores on that stretch of the street that walking a couple extra blocks is like a present to yourself, anyway.Naughty Zoot.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,3/19/2011,175,855,4,10,8>If I had to sum up my spa experience at Izba in on word it would be, amazing.  Seriously, I have never been so relaxed and I am an avid spa-er.  I wanted to kick off my Memorial Day Weekend with a bit of relaxation.  I had heard about Izba in Parker several times and thought I would give it a go.  Boy, am I glad I did!  Tucked into an unassuming aging shopping plaza just off E-470 and Parker sits Izba.  As you walk in you are greeted with a cozy waiting room with a wooden table/bench and walls filled with everyone from Vladimir Lenin to Celine Dion.  It's interesting to say the least!  As I waiting I was given a nice cup of hot tea and watch Cirque du Soleil on the TV.  Strung up in the office were dozens of oak branches that will come into play later.  I went for the basic treatment, it went like this:1) You disrobe in your private treatment area complete with hot tub, banya, shower and massage area.  2) You start with a soak in the hot tub  - 30 min.  (didn't pay attention)3) Then I moved to the back massage, which was one of the best I have had in a long time due to my muscles being so loose from the warm water. 30 Min.4) Next up the Banya, which was so insanely hot you feel like you stepped into an oven.  You lay on your stomach as they drench the rocks with scents of lavender & eucalyptus and massage in honey to your skin.  15 Min.5) Just when you think you can't take the heat, they lead you to a cold shower - relief! 6) The front massage is next and is just as good as the back do to the loose muscles. 30 Min. 7) Then one more Banya session - front this time. This session is ended with a steam cloud of peppermint then a bucket of cold water.  It is invigorating! 15 Min.  8) A shower to wash off all the honey and sweat and oil and you are in complete relaxation mode.  I can't tell you how much I loved the whole experience.  The place was charming and unique.  I can't wait to go back.  It was amazing!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,3/18/2011,500,166,6,11,16>Imagine a place where you can get seafood, Vietnamese vittles and Cajun cookin' all under the same roof. Well, luckily you don't have to think too hard about it, because The Red Claw on Federal Boulevard is exactly this kind of establishment!Whether your tastes lean towards steamed seasoned crawfish, huge sea oysters, or a nice big basket of fried shrimp, you'll find the seafood to be impeccably fresh. As the charming owner (from the southern Vietnamese city of Can Tho) pointed out to me, "We can't fool people, or they wouldn't keep coming back!"Speaking of Vietnam, The Red Claw offers a lot of yummily intriguing dishes from that country as well (many of these are grouped under the "Mon Nhau" or "Drinking Food" section of the menu). Why, you can get plump, juicy Oc Buou (apple snails, so named because of the shape of their shells), or Lau De (a huge hot pot of goat, egg noodles and taro root), or some meaty chicken wings in a tangy Nuoc Mam (fish sauce)-based dressing. If they've been able to procure fresh eels at the time of your visit, it might even be possible to order Luon Xao Lan (eel cooked in a coconut milk and Cari [Vietnamese yellow curry] sauce).But there's also gumbo, and popcorn chicken, and étouffée... well, laissez les bons temps rouler indeed! You'll just have to drop by and check it out yourself. Maybe you can try your luck at their Karaoke machine, with no less than ten (count 'em!) languages.The Red Claw - Pinch me, I must be dreaming!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,3/17/2011,98,156,5,5,6>Cozy, quaint, and full of awesome!!!  Let me just start out by saying the the salsa here is some of the best I've EVER had at any restaurant I've been to!!  Wow, so fresh, perfect spiciness and great consistency!  The server rocked, really friendly, prompt and knowledgeable.  I had the relleno burrito and it came out the size of a NFL football!  Muy grande!  I added jalepenos and was sweating by the end of the meal.  I also had a house margarita and it was ho-hum, not bad, but nothing great.  I had a good buzz from it, so don't think I'm complaining.  All-in-all I was really satisfied and so glad that we came here.... I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,3/16/2011,133,398,6,8,7>Honestly, I have nothing but great things to say about OiNKS BBQ. I have lived in Denver for over 15 years and failed to find a good BBQ joint. Being a Louisiana native, the type of BBQ sauce I prefer doesn't seem to be as popular here. Probably the main reason I am in love with this place is because I can choose what sauce I want and then I am happy with my food choices.When you walk into OiNKS, it is located in a strip mall near Kalamath and Colfax. It's in an unremarkable location, but inside the air is heavenly with smoked meats and friendly faces. I found that each time I visited, I was greeted promptly with a smile and offer to help me with any questions. The inside has several tables for sit-down eating, as well as tables outdoors. There are Mason jar mugs to drink out of if you are eating there.First, I never heard of this place until Groupon ran a deal on OiNKS for a $5 coupon for $10 worth of food. I hesitated buying the Groupon until I looked a website and Yelp and learned I could choose my sauce. With that in mind, I decided I had a higher than normal possibilty of being satisfied with my BBQ meal choice.I've been here twice. The first time I went was on a Saturday, late in the evening about 1/2 hour before they closed. They were out of lots of things, but as I was making up my mind the server came back and let me know that they had some of the items I was looking for back in stock. That shored up my trust right away. During my first visit, I tried a combo platter of a couple types of meat and two sides. I also tried the Kansas City style sauce and the Texas. The KC sauce won for me hands-down. The meat was very flavorful and tender. I believe I selected chicken and brisket. Very tasty. One of the sides I tried was the Sweet Potato and Bacon Salad. OMG, this side is absolutely fabulous. It's an egg salad with chunks of sweet potato and bacon. I love almost anything sweet potato, so that's the first thing, bacon is my second love. I love potato salad with eggs, so this was a combination of all of my favorite things. I also had a side of the OiNKS bbq beans, which is served with pork. The beans were tasty and flavorful. I just am not used to having meat with the beans, but not a bad combination.On to my second visit. I was hankering for more BBQ and popped in again on a Saturday and used my second Groupon (yes, I am a Groupon groupie and buy too many of them!) for OiNKS. This time I decided since I enjoyed the meat so much to try ribs. Now I love ribs and very few places can sell me on their ribs. OiNKS did a great job.  I had the Sweet Potato and Bacon Salad again. Still a winner. For my stepson, I ordered a BBQ sandwich for him and sweet potato fries. This was delicious as well. He didn't eat the sandwich for two days, so I helped him out. :0)This place is delicious and I highly recommend it. I plan on going back, even with no Groupon. Tasty BBQ joint.Oh and I may have forgotten to mention it, there are 5 BBQ sauce options there. You have your choice of sauce, from sweet to mustard-y, vinegary or spicy, the options are all there.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/15/2011,97,68,5,8,9>I'm more than a fan, I'm a MEGA fan. From first glance it seems like this little boutique simply sells fun and colorful accessories in an eye-catching ode to the french flea market, but I just recently noticed (and WHY didn't I notice sooner?!) that practically everything in this boutique is for sale! From the light fixtures to the antique dresser that merchandise is sitting on, to the french provincial mirror hanging next to the bathroom door.I bought a beautiful early 1900s vanity here this past weekend complete with a matching large mirror for $228 and have been eyeing a vintage hallway table and rustic dining table. I can already tell I'm going to be broke for the rest of my Denver life.The ladies here are very friendly and brought out the heavy vanity to my car. I've been coming to this store for years and can't believe I've been missing out on all this amazing vintage/shabby chic furniture! Though I can't put any blame on Decade - their always-revolving stock of lotions, potions, jewelry, decorative merch, journals, toys, peacoats and lace undies have been both amusing and distracting me the entire time.The best part about Decade's vintage furniture is that it is not boring, half assed, cheaply made, run-of-the-mill "thrift store" furniture. The pieces they carry are beautiful, quality pieces with intricate designs, carvings, restored from their original form. Every piece I have seen is not only quality furniture that lasts forever - quite literally spanning decades - but they all double as wonderful conversation pieces. I love having one-of-a-kind anythings and my heart seriously leapt when I noticed price tags on the vintage, mostly french-country style dressers, tables, lamps and mirrors.And the prices for these pieces are amazing! If you don't think so, just go to Cali & Mo, another store with the same atmosphere, and compare.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,3/14/2011,809,1185,5,9,7>For all DOGGIE FANATICS!Come all and come see...I have been trying to come here for some time but keep coming to Larimer Street too late.  :(  What a great pet boutique.  Like a lot of the other yelpers, this place is a bit on the pricer but it is on Larimer Street after all...LOL  If you are a costume junkie for your K9 this is the place for you.  Leather coats, little tee shirts that say "bitches love me"....how awesome is that?!  Great high quality toys that have survived even my German Shephard (and she's a toy destroying expert).  Also they have a wonderful assortment of leashes and collars.  Go to town and enjoy yourself here.  Go gettem POOCHES!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,3/13/2011,164,180,5,4,6>Tick tock tick tock tick tock... when will it be THURSDAY again?  Thursday's special is RIBS!  My friend invited me to drive way out of my way to meet her and promised it would be worth it.  She had been dreaming about their ribs while she was on vacation in Mexico - that tells you how good they are - so of course I had to play along.  Now I just watch the clock waiting for Thursday to come again.  *stomach rumble*
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,3/11/2011,238,144,6,8,8>Thank you, Omar, for making me want to become obese.  It's your menu, my friend, and the home cooking.  To those out there not named Omar...this is the best gyro in Denver, in my opinion.  That said, I hardly ever order it.  Why?  Because the rest of the menu is fantastic, too.  Why do I think the gyro is better here?  Several reasons, but first and foremost, the meat.  It's not that dried out, thinly sliced stuff you get pretty much anywhere else.  Here, it's thicker, juicier, and about the size of my pinky.  Not YOUR pinky, MY pinky, and that's a big pinky. The other main distractions from the Gyros are:Chicken Shawarma (again, juicy and well seasoned).  The sandwich is HUGE.  One of the best deals in Denver.  The shish kabob is heaven on a stick, perfectly roasted and seasoned meats, onions, peppers.  This description doesn't do it justice, but I am at a loss for words here.  I could go on and on.  This is one of those menus where you don't know where to start or end.  I refuse to get a gyro anywhere else because I know I will be disappointed.  Omar has ruined me for all others.If you trust my reviews at all and like Middle Eastern food, this is a must try.  I guarantee if you go once, you'll return.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,3/10/2011,212,239,10,16,13>The gods of good pho are smiling upon Capital Hill. Someone please give me a moment alone while I travel back to those beefy, full, pipping hot bowls of Vietnamese holy water served in the shadow of our state capital. The pho broth is everything one would expect, just enough fat to remind of the hours of bubbling bones, spiced to the point of perfection and clear, clear, clear. Tender tendon and chewy tripe - I love the nasty bits! The super fresh veggie plate is just enough not to waste, service is out of the world and the place is spotless. The interior is modern and simple. This is the new Cap Hill go to place, pho sure. This is going to give Federal a run pho its money no doubt. Now, log off and go get your pho on, sigh, you will thank me.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,3/9/2011,66,96,13,8,8>There are just some nights when you want to rock it out with the old dude jamming by the karaoke machine, dancing to his own beat.  Here is why I am a new devoted fan of the Rear Inn:- I can go in my sweats and tennis shoes and the dude checking IDs at the door thinks I am over dressed- The beer pong players really liven up the feel of this musty old bar- The juke box works, it plays your song next, and the guy dancing next to it might just buy you a pitcher of beer when you tell him you love MJ- People actually sing karaoke, they're not embarrassed, they rock it out, and then all of the sudden you're up there rocking it with them, shaking it to your own personal interpretation of La Bomba- The shuffle board is free, it's in excellent condition and it is strategically placed next to the crock pots full of mini wieners, meatballs and potato chips (free of course)- The waitresses are awesome!  They are friendly, they take your order, go get your drink and bring it back without taking a long smoke break, making a phone call or going to the bathroom in between- Everyone there is smiling.  It might be liquor induced, but hey, I love smilingAnd let's not lie, who doesn't want to go to a bar called the Rear Inn?  If that alone doesn't make you crack a smile, you need to drink another beer.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,3/8/2011,88,214,3,4,4>We kept seeing this place driving down Wadsworth and finally swerved in last night instead of going to sushi.It has such a nice little romantic atmosphere with Polish music playing in the background.  The host and server were so nice!My boyfriend got a light beer, I can't remember the name, the waitress recommended it to us and it was pretty good.  A little sweet, which was surprising.I got something that came with 2 sausages, grilled, 2 little lumps of potato, sauerkrat and 2 pickles.  The sausage was so delicious and the sauerkrat pretty good. My boyfriend got the stuffed bell peppers, which had beautiful presentation but I thought tasted meh but that's also because I don't really like bell peppers unless raw or on pizza.  He really liked it though.Be careful if you get the dish I got grilled because the grease will spit off the pan onto you!  We will definitely be coming back but probably splitting an entree because the food is very rich and heavy and oh so filling!
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,3/7/2011,23,94,4,6,4>This is the best bread I've ever had.  It's not the least expensive, but it's the best.  $8 for a loaf seems like a lot, but the boule is in fact quite huge.  It's probably about twice the size as loaves of bread at Whole Foods, which generally run at about $4.  If you are looking for somewhere to buy bread and just want a loaf of carbohydrates, then this probably isn't where you want to look.  If you want to experience bread and support probably the only artisan bakery in Denver (and probably Colorado), then stop on by with your cash (yeah, cash, they don't take cards).  And you should stop by.  Because the bread sort of takes your breath away, something that bread does not often do.  I am basically writing this without regard to the price, atmosphere, or convenience.  Maybe you aren't into that.  Honestly, I struggled writing this review for those very reasons.  However, I could not get away from the fact that the bread is amazing and deserves five stars.  So, yeah, it's an emotional thing, not a soulless review where I analytically weigh every aspect, make pro and con lists, and check my spreadsheet for the price to carbohydrate ratio. It's not about that.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,3/6/2011,175,262,5,5,7>So I'm super out it from the pain killers and anesthetics after my ACL surgery in November. It's a cold day and I'm falling in and out of sleep in the wake up room. My boyfriend leans over and asks me if I need anything..Yes, yes I do. I need some freaking food. I need something easy on my stomache. A warm sandwich sounds good. I think I even started crying, right after I asked him to use his moustache to scratch my forehead (it's Movember, at this time..)I say, I want Snarf's. One of the best sub sandwiches I have ever had. All I remember is arriving at Snarf's and asking him for a turkey sandwich, warm with tomatoes and everything else I like. The car starts spinning and I fall back asleep.We get home and I eat my sandwich. It was delicious, he liked his a lot too. He was a first timer. I wish I would have gotten two.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,3/5/2011,31,141,2,8,8>I've been going to Safari Seconds for years. It's easy to get to, and the staff is always friendly.  Like most thrift stores, every once in a while I find something amazing. There is street parking on Broadway and they have a private lot as well.But one of the main reasons I shop at Safari more than any other thrift store is that their proceeds go to a refugee outreach program (mostly focusing on Africa).  Refugee's work at the counter, I've watched an English class in the back of the store and Safari provides clothing, furniture,  as well as many other services to refugees.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,3/4/2011,57,275,2,10,8>Lovely Tea/Cafe House owned by a very nice young Taiwanese couple. The ambiance of this cafe is very relaxing. The lady owner has a graphic design background so all the photos and set-up you see in the store were all done by her. Good natural lighting, clean, and very spacious. If you are curious about how a certain type of tea smells like... go over to the wall where all the tea leafs are displayed. You can open the small containers and smell it yourself. I drove 13 miles one way, 26 miles round trip just to check this place out and my experience was very pleasant. The employee that took my order was very nice, helpful, and informative. A drink I wanted wasn't on the menu but they were able to make it for me and it was good. Bobalicious have drinks, entrees, snacks, and desserts. For desserts, ... ohhh my... they have S'mores, Chocolate Fondue, and Fruit Shaved Ice!! Woot! They have all the flavors that you would expect from a boba shop. For those of you that dont like to have jello type of stuff in your drink, just get the drink without Boba and there you have it a normal creamy smoothie/icy slush (depending on what you prefer). They have hot drinks as well. There's hot cocoa, hot teas (I recommend the Hot Fruit Tea which comes to you in a very pretty tea pot) and any of the teas can be turned into a tea latte for 0.50 cents extra. FOOD:I tried their Braised Beef Noodle Soup. It was delicious. For those of you that loove loove Lao Wang Noodle on Federal... sorry but I'm Taiwanese and I know what good beef noodle soup taste like and Lao Wang Noodle is NOT it. The only reason why I didnt write a 2 star review for Lao Wang is because I dont want to sabotage a business owned by an elderly couple. Bobalicious' beef noodle soup is much more authentic in comparison. Very rich flavor broth and the carrots and pickle garnish adds the perfect touch. Chicken Katsu Burger (see photo) was deliiiiiccccious! Now, anyone can fry chickens... but to do it well is a whole another art. The Chicken Katsu was crispy on the outside yet very juicy on the inside. The lettuce and mayo type of sauce on top of the katsu made the dish perfect. I really enjoyed my Chicken Katsu. I've also tried their regular fries and sweet potato fries and both were perfectly fried. For the Vegetarians: you are not left out! They've got the Tofu Asparagus Wrap and the Vegetarian Noodle Soup for you. I would definitely come back and try their other food items. One of the partners of this cafe owns several Chinese restaurants in the East Coast (Virginia) and knowing this makes me excited to try their other food items. The food menu is not big. They only have a few items considering it's a tea place but all the entrees will compliment whatever drinks you get. Moreover, they change their food menu periodically, so keep an eye out for new items! This is a nice place to hang out and chat with friends. Very relaxing environment. Jazz music was playing in the background during my visit. Go to the counter, order your food, eat your food. You wont be bothered and if you need help... the service is very friendly.REWARDS: They have a stamp card program. One stamp for every drink you get. Accumulate 9 stamps and you get the 10th drink free. Free Wi-Fi available. BATHROOM:Clean & Mama-Friendly! They have a diaper changing station inside the ladies room for the Moms out there. You wont be scrambling to find a place to change your baby should you need to. Note: this place is in the NICE part of Aurora. Aurora is huge and this part of town was developed just a few years ago. The outdoor mall is very new and the cafe itself was opened about half a year ago. Cheers Bobalicious! :)
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,3/3/2011,342,357,6,8,5>I'm so fortunate to live right down the street from Viet Hoa.  It's THE place to go for any type of Asian food and condiments.  Everything is super cheap compared to King Soopers, Safeway, etc.  I go here to buy soy sauce in bulk, Sriracha, chili-garlic paste, rice vinegar, noodles....and the list goes on and on.  I've tried a couple different kinds of frozen dumplings from there, which are cheap and really good.  Currently, I have a bag of pork gyoza in my freezer that I'm super excited to try.This is also the place to get super cheap produce....especially the hard to find produce that a lot of my recipes call for.  Sometimes they aren't the freshest, and on rare occasion inedible...but when good, it's a crazy deal.You can also find cheap kitchen utensils: knives, bowls, spoons, pots, rice cookers, and more.  I purchased matching large Pho bowls/spoons and small sauce bowls.  Although the best thing I got from there was a big kickass butcher knife....for around $10! My one major issue with this place is the smell....fishy, and gross.  Yes, I know that's the norm for an Asian mart, but I still don't like it.  However, it definitely doesn't keep me away...I just breathe through my mouth whenever I go.  So if you haven't been there yet, hold your nose and head there as soon as you can.  It rocks!!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,3/2/2011,160,455,3,4,6>If I were Darth Vader, I'd say this place is..."Impressive...*most* impressive."  But I'm not.  And yet...I'd still say that about this place.  After mentally wrestling with Robin M over whether we wanted to subject ourselves for a 2nd night in a row to Thai Pot Cafe or try someplace new, we opted for the someplace new. I'm really, *really* glad we did.This place isn't the standard for "Asian fusion"; that is, let's throw some interesting sounding things together, serve up a medium-sized portion on an artistic plate, and charge $5 extra for the presentation.  Oh no.  *This* place actually really TRIES at the fusion part.  And as far as I can tell, excels greatly at it.Jaya reportedly offers Singaporean, Thai, Malaysian and Chinese cuisine, and I believe they would probably do any dish honor after my visit.  We started off with the Tom Kha soup, which, just like at Thai Pot Cafe, was *amazing*.  It was possibly a *slight* bit creamier at Thai Pot than Jaya, but very satisfying nonetheless.  $2.95 doesn't net you a cup as our waitress said, but actually a decent-sized bowl, which pleased me to no end.  Try this soup, it's amazing!We decided to split 2 entrees, and after *a LOT* of hemming and hawing, settled on the Seafood Platter with XO Sauce (not on their web menu, be warned) - and the bebek panggang - a fried half-duck with seasonings.  Weirdly, you'd expect a platter with various types of seafood on it to be larger than a platter with half a fried duck -- this was not so, as we got an ENORMOUS platter of fried duck, crispy skin seared to delicious savoriness.  The Seafood Platter was quite good, with scallops, shrimp, mussels, some type of fish, and possibly calamari, although I didn't encounter any.  I thought the dish was delectable, but since Robin had been going on about how unique and cool XO Sauce was, I had the chef prepare our batch with more XO Sauce after it had come out.  XO Sauce is really interesting.  It's got a salty taste like blood, without that coppery taste to it, plus some hard-to-pick-out spices/ingredients.  It was very delicious!The feel for this place, despite being on the lower level of a strip mall, is upscale.  We were both serenaded with soft Christmasy jazz music whilst dining, and they do have a nice wine selection too - a very smooth merlot and a tasty Thai iced tea were our drinks.  We decided we definitely had to come back to this place, not just for the food quality, not even for the quantity -- but just because they had too many cool things on the menu that we can't just say "eat there once and be done".  I look forward to my next visit there!!  I've added 3 photos of the dishes we got.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,3/1/2011,40,334,6,4,6>I've been going to Masterpiece occasionally for almost three years now, so I'm not sure why I haven't reviewed it before. Maybe it's because everyone already knows that Masterpiece is phenomenal.After you've been to Masterpiece, every other sandwich place, even the good ones, just seem inferior and a little sad. Just a little bit sad. What makes Masterpiece so magical?Consider their tuna sandwich: It's an actual ahi tuna steak with spicy wasabi aioli. Or take the beef sandwich: tender shredded brisket, fresh arugula, caramelized onion, and love. I'm pretty sure love is an ingredient. Speaking of love, my latest is their pastrami special.Masterpiece can do no wrong. Although they could have a better selection of potato chips. But really, who is to complain about the best sandwich place in Denver?
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,2/27/2011,57,284,4,7,6>Came here yesterday for a late lunch- luckily they have continuous hours throughout the day (with a discounted lunch until three, I think). Seems like a good deal for lunch, but I'm always leery of buffets. Anyhow, they have a pleasant little dining room playing what sounds (to MY ears at least) like some pretty authentic Ethiopian music. By the way... did you know that Ethiopia used to be called Abyssinia? I didn't know that. Pretty cool. Also, Ethiopia has the oldest Christian Orthodox church... like, of ANYWHERE. That's pretty damned cool.Anyways. I digress. This is, so far, my favorite place for Ethiopian food in Denver. Why, you might ask? Of course you'd ask. You've read this far, so why wouldn't you want to know why I like it so much? Alright. I'll tell you.FISH, BABY!!!They have two fish options, I opted for the second. It's a couple small filets of fried fish in this goopy orange sauce that is just absolutely mouth-jackingly sense-assassinatingly spine-tinglingly awesome. I need to go back and read what all they put in it... but DAMN. This fish is the bee's knees. The crispiness contrasts incredibly with the spongy (and plentiful) injera, and the sauce... you'll want to suck it up with a straw, kid.My dining companion opted for a lamb dish, I can't remember which one... but it was top-notch. tender cubes of lamb in a delicious sauce... I mean, what more can you really say? I'LL TELL YOU WHAT MORE!They have a salad there- it's basically chopped tomatos, garlic, jalapenos, olive oil, and injera. And it was incredible. Tingly, if I may.I'll definitely be back. Probably not for lunch, but defintiely for their (very reasonably priced) dinner selections.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,2/26/2011,37,200,5,7,8>I've only been here twice, and usually I like to make several visits to a place before writing, but this is sheer genius.  Donuts and barbecue, two of my favorite things, are together under one roof!  I'm rarely in Evergreen, but now I will have to make up good excuses to get up there just so I can stop in and eat.  They're three doors down from the legendary Little Bear music venue on Main Street, so it's not too hard to find when you're in town.  Look for the silver star sign out front.  Anyway, they're open all day from 5:30 am, so when you go for lunch, some of the donuts are out of stock already.  No worries, though, since we got a chocolate iced with Oreo crumbles on top and their famous apple fritter, which was gigantic and soooo good.  I got the pulled pork "sandwich" with slaw inside (as it should be) between portabella caps, just to do something a little different than the usual meat on a bun.  The smoked chicken looked quite good too.  They have a small barbecue menu but hit all the highlights with pork, chicken and brisket.  They'll even do the meat on the apple fritter, so you can get your fusion if you so desire.  Meat is smoky and very tender, sauce is decent but not too noteworthy, and you get a nice meal for the price, not too enormous but not expensive either.  Few things in life are better than eating 'cue and donuts at the same time.  Win.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,2/25/2011,44,188,3,4,6>Ok, so you may have to stand and wait for a bit to be seated, but it is worth the wait.I absolutely love any AM eatery where you can have an array of boozy goodness with your breakfast. The delicious cocktails are perfect breakfast style beverages, and make the amount of time you waited seem to disappear. The food selection is average of most breakfast joints, but the fluffiness of the omlette I had was splendid. My friend had an awesome grilled cheese with tomato soup that made me a teeny bit jealous. There is free coffee while you wait, which is great. I look forward to my next trip to Snooze, and so should you.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,2/24/2011,25,154,6,6,7>Know about the cult of the neighborhood 'ethnic' food joint that looks like a dive and has great food?  Are you a member?  Bangkok Cafe is what you wish you found when you walked into the unremarkable restaurant in the strip mall near your place, hoping against hope that it just so happens there's a gem of spot a few blocks from where you live.I don't live near Bangkok Cafe, but I'm a huge fan.  It's not just the same Thai Greatest Hits you find at every Thai place - there is variety, changing specials and great flavors.They have a Double Black Chicken special that is great.  Their wings are really big on flavor - the garlic ones have some punch (skip these on date night) and the hot ones actually have some spice.  I have enjoyed their noodles dishes (their Pad Thai is fine, but not best-in-class) and curries.  It's a terrific place to share several dishes with friends (the only way to eat) and they have a bunch of great deserts, including a Thai Custard that was new to me, and wonderful.The owner (sorry, don't remember his name) is friendly and will answer lots of questions and make suggestions.Perhaps best of all, having explored some of the menu, and found some novel and pleasant surprises, I'm convinced there are more great things to try.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,2/23/2011,614,1007,3,7,7>Um...yeah.The two things I remember most about this past weeks visit to H Burger, is how delicious and amazing the signature H burger was, and the next day (I saved half) how delicious and amazing that signature H burger was when I ate it for brunch.It was suggested to my friend and I to try the signature burger or the lamb. It was a tossup for me, because I would have eaten either or both. So I decided to start at the top of the menu and on the next visit, work my way down. "Lamb, you're up".The burger was cooked to perfection. The flavors were amazing. I couldn't stop saying "this is so f'n good".I also subbed the zucchini fries for the regular house fries, and I'm so glad I did. The cuts were thick and good. The fries were cooked perfectly.  The restaurant itself is larger than you suspect from the street. It is clean and was playing oldies while we were there. Very reminiscent of an original burger joint from the 50's. Think Happy Days. The service was good, and the manager came over to personally thank us for coming in - nice touch.Oh and apparently on Tuesdays (after 3) they have a $5 burger deal w/ drink purchase.Just do it.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,2/22/2011,65,134,5,7,6>........................... I feel CHEAP!! Who wants to pay $20 on a movie ticket?? If you wait two or three weeks the flash-in-the-pan movies will be at the Elvis theater and you can see them for on dollar. If my math is correct ... which it probably is not .... that is $19 you can spend on other things.... or 19 OTHER movies. Just remember .... you get what you pay for .... it is pretty clean other than the occasional sticky floor, or Popcorn in your chair ..... but it's fun and A DOLLAR!!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,2/21/2011,186,551,3,6,4>Finally stopped in today since I was in the neighborhood with some time on my hands.First things first, the Sox stuff on the wall has to go.  There are only 3 White Sox fans in Chicago, and this guy has to be one of them?The Chicago style hot dog was pretty good.  I would have liked a bit more snap to the dog itself, and there's no relish, but overall it's passable for the real thing.  The Italian Beef was really good, the bread was perfect, the giardanera was excellent with some good kick, and the bottom of the bun had the perfect soggy texture one should look for in an Italian Beef.  I got the small which is well, really small and it still cost $4+.Overall, a good way to experience the foods of the motherland, although the price is a bit steep and the parking can be tough to find.  I think it was $10 and change for a chicago style dog, small Italian Beef and a medium soda.  Service is solid and friendly.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,2/19/2011,41,92,9,4,5>If loving karaoke is wrong, I don't wanna be right. We recently went to Armida's to celebrate my friend's 30th birthday. The food was good... since I'm Mexican and a great cook (and modest), I tend to grade the food on a steep curve. Every Mexican food restaurant seems to be the same, but what sets Armida's apart from the other restaurants is their karaoke bar. Speaking of karaoke... dude. Okay, so first off, there are three types of karaoke singers: 1. The "I drunk, so what" singer who belts out "Endless Love" as they recuperate from a recent breakup. 2. The "I didn't make the final cut on American Idol, so I'm going to pray there's a talent scout here" singer3. The "I'm here to have a good time, who cares if I can sing or not" singer.If you don't like crowds, noise or obnoxious drunk people, I suggest going elsewhere. If you like Mexican food, great top-shelf margaritas and karaoke, be prepared to have a fabulous time!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,2/18/2011,0,9,1,7,7>For my bf's birthday we decided to head downtown and do a little bar hopping. After several stops we ended up at TAG to cap off the celebration. Our waiter, Jeff, was super friendly and gave us some fabulous recommendations on seasonal cocktails and special menu items. To start the evening off right, I tried some kind of fig, cardamom, bourbon concoction (tasted like fall in a Tom Collins) and our waiter suggested the Amante Picante for my boyfriend. The Amante Picante was an amazingly refreshing blend of cucumber, cilantro, jalapeno and tequila (sounds scary, tastes delicious). He declared it was the best cocktail he had ever tried. (On a side note I also ordered the same ginger mojito with the house made coconut soda that I tried first time around - just as good as I remember but not on the menu so ask about it!) For dinner we split several small plates - roasted bone marrow, Kobe beef sliders and seafood potstickers. The bone marrow was a first for both of us and was easily the favorite amongst our small plate selection - rich, buttery, decadent. An amazing discovery and one that I wish I had made sooner. A close second were the Kobe beef sliders followed by the potstickers, but really, it was all so delicious and there were no complaints about any of the dishes. For desert we ended the night with another round of cocktails and a chocolate peanut butter tart (from the name you can guess, this desert has no fault). The highlight was the homemade peanut butter ice cream which I was tempted to ask for a pint of to take home with us. We had a fabulous evening at TAG and it remains one of my favorite places to dine at in Denver (even more so now). An added bonus was that our waiter, Jeff, sent a nice little note thanking us for coming in. Exceptional food and exceptional service - what's not to love about TAG?
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,2/17/2011,459,806,2,9,10>It's review number 200 time. I've been trying to save it for something good, and Rioja definitely lives up to that criterion. My husband and I came here for an anniversary. We were seated, given some water, and although it took a little while for our server to initially appear and later take a drink order, he quickly made up for it by presenting us with a "Happy Anniversary!" card signed by the Rioja staff. That was an excellent touch right from the get go. He helped himself even further by giving us an amuse bouche- a miso/apple puree with shaved fennel on top. We are not fennel people but the flavor combinations were just right.The blackberry Manhattan and Lemon Quencher we started with were great all around with excellent balance of bitter, fruit, sweet, and sour flavors. We started with a pasta course to share, and had the artichoke tortellini. This dish reminds me a lot of dumplings in broth. Delicate skin on the tortellini with a tasty cheese filling were a good textural and rich juxtaposition to the salty flavor of the artichoke broth. It didn't get overpowering and was a nice way to start.For dinner I had the halibut with caramelized onion and fig phyllo tart. My husband had a special for the evening which was a steak served with cheese risotto, (can't remember too much detail here). He loved his dish, and my halibut had an amazing textural integrity. The flavor was delicate and structured, and I loved the onion, especially when paired with the slightly sweet fig tart.  At some point in here I switched to a "Naughtiny" and asked for it extra dirty. I was given the perfect balance of olive juice and vodka, which made it incredibly drinkable without pickling me in the process. We finished the evening with s'more pot de creme for him, and the beignets for me. His pot de creme was incredibly rich, with graham crackers that gave to the tooth and nice, fluffy homemade marshmallows. the char on top from the brulee did wonders to cut the richness of the pot de creme.Oh, and my beignets? Holy god...those things are amazing. I don't really like cheese as an ending course, but these are seriously some of the most uniquely amazing things I have ever eaten. Salty, sweet, savory, tangy? So many flavors in each bite, that only increased and improved upon repetition. i really couldn't believe how amazing these were, bite after bite. These are a must have item on this menu. Our waiter recommended a wine pairing for me for this course, which was a dessert wine. Although he said it wasn't very sweet, it was too much for me, even though it went with the beignets quite well. Our service throughout the evening was excellent. The busboys do an amazing job at clearing plates and giving refills. I often felt like we had our own personal busboy, they were so proactive. Although there is a lot to check out in Denver for special occasions, I would happily come back here at a moment's notice. Rioja did an incredible job of making our evening feel special, leisurely and personal. We still have the card on our mantle. Thanks for a great reason to reach 200, Rioja!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,2/16/2011,130,843,3,8,3>It's taken me a while to visit this place. When your Asian friends speak wholeheartedly of an Asian food restaurant, you pay attention. Sometimes you might even get unsolicited menu ordering advice because your phone registers that you're online to chat. That's besides the point, though.I pass this strip mall often and never realized this place existed here. It's tucked away near Dardano's. I was able to seat myself at one of the higher tables. The service is very friendly here and honest. By honest, I mean the main waiter honestly discloses when he's unfamiliar with menu items and checks with the cook before answering. I appreciate that.My eyes immediately fell upon the Thai Springs rolls which I promptly ordered. You get four spring rolls with accompanying sauce for $3.95. Good food and cheap - a bonus. The sweet and spicy sauce with crushed peanuts was so good, I drank the remainder. My main entree ended up being the Thai Pot Special. I was drawn to the featured ginger curry paste. It came at a heat level of 4 and you have many varying levels of spiciness to choose from. The heat plus the savory spiciness of the ginger were clear winners. Adding the rice seemed to draw more of the inherent sweetness from the ginger curry. The chicken and veggies were perfect. I can't stand restaurants where eating vegetables is jaw-numbing work.The waiter suggested I save room for dessert which I did. Mango with sticky rice seems to be the norm at most Thai restaurants, so I leapt for the thai custard and black rice pudding. The custard didn't appear like anything special, but I'm not a custard guy. The black rice pudding with coconut sauce, though, was fantastic. Right up my alley. There are some good restaurants in this area of South Colorado Ave. I do recommend eating here if you're looking for good Thai food.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,2/15/2011,35,160,5,7,6>Yellow Feather is the rare example of someone taking full advantage of their business while also being inclusive within their community.  I'll see if I can list everything: They have a Twin Peaks night, a movie night, a slam poetry night, various concerts, art hangings, free Internet computers, and a children's play area.  I've been taking my daughter here instead of the maelstrom that is Cherry Creek Mall because it's cozy and we usually see the same kids here.  They also have a baby changing station in the restroom.  A real one, not the germ-cocoon Koala thing.The coffee is Ozo, locally roasted in Boulder.  I'd never had it before coming here, but it was really good, close to the greats like Novo and Kaladi Bros.  Not a fan of cow's milk?  They stock soy milk but also rice, almond and oat milk.  If you can't find a milk substitute here you can't find one anywhere.I believe all the pastries are from Beet Box vegan bakery, which is not one of my favorites.  Still, they aren't terrible.  The staff is always friendly, even when my child is trying to run behind the counter or putting her greasy paws all over their door glass.It's cool to see a business like this in the Santa Fe Arts District, and hopefully it will inspire more like-minded businesses to spring up.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,2/13/2011,12,239,2,3,3>I love this place!  My sister raved about this place and their wings alot and since I recently moved to this area, I thought I would give it a try.   My first impression was "a cambodian and wings place?"  Well, the food said a different story.  Everything I've eaten here has been off the hook awesome!The wings are terrific!  I usually just get the hot flavor, fries, and veggies.  I have to admit that they are better than their competitors wings for sure.  The fries I could care less about as they are bland steak fries and I wish they would give me a tub of ranch instead of a tiny, little container or two (they will give you more), but overall great!I also tried their pho here.  I have to admit, I have eaten pho and MANY places, and this place has one of the best bowls around.  They are heaping bowls of noodles and meat.  I cannot complain about the service either.  We also are greated politely and seated promptly.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,2/12/2011,81,108,,7,9>Homesickness is a terrible thing.. leaving behind every family member and friend you've ever had is not an easy task, but my boyfriend and I decided we needed a change from the East Coast pace and moved to Denver in August.  While we've enjoyed our time here greatly and love all the things Colorado has to offer, it is hard being on your own and so far from loved ones.. that is why Yak and Yeti will always hold a special place in our hearts.  My boyfriend's family is from Pakistan, and his mom is one of the most wonderful cooks I've ever met- not to mention the DC Metro area has a plethora of options for Middle Eastern cuisine.  Needless to say, we're foodies; we exist for pure, mouth-watering unadulterated food- if it comes from the heart, even better.Yak and Yeti provided us hands-down the best food experience we've had since moving to Colorado.  We both literally teared up when sampling all the different courses; we started with plain naan and chicken pakora... the chicken pakora was unbelievably juicy and the seasonings were 100% perfect and authentic.  Each of the dipping sauces were made spot-on, even the plum-based sauce.  The vegetable samosas were clearly handmade and didn't fail to deliver.  MB ordered the chicken kadai (a kashmiri specialty i'm told), and whimpered between baited breaths "it's just like my mom's kadai"... tall order!  I went with the Chicken Makhani and literally just couldn't stop myself from eating it- the sauce was probably the best I've had.  The rice that accompanied the dishes was subtly flavored - we thought we detected a hint of almond.  Just wonderful..... to top it all off, we had the pleasure of experiencing a Chai Stout and a Milk Stout - probably two of the best beers we've had in Colorado.  We took home a growler of the Chai.  We've spent nearly every day since we ate here planning our next trip back- the food, the service, the atmosphere of the beautiful old house, and the soothing sitar music made it feel so much like home.  We felt lucky to have found such a gem.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,2/11/2011,237,363,1,7,5>This gourmet burger joint has never let me, or the guests I bring here, down. The menu is simple and consists of burgers and fries mostly, unless you are there for breakfast. There are multiple ways to fancy up the burgers, but no matter how you dress them, they are tasty. The place is small and can be uncomfortable for that reason, but they are getting pretty good at turning tables over. The service is friendly and quick. I love the sweet potato fries. They aren't for everyone - if you don't like sweet potatoes in the first place, you probably won't be converted. The regular fries are also tasty. The milkshakes are divine and what really seals the deal for me and completes the meal. I love finding friends who haven't been there before and being the one to introduce them!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,2/10/2011,120,100,8,4,6>"Did you mean Touch and Spoon?" This is what my friend's GPS said when he picked me up and decided that instead of my saying "Its on 30th and Lawrence", he has to use his fancy new phone GPS. Anyway, I still am ROFL about that. To note, Hutch and Spoon is a cafe -a small, cute, and quaint one at that- certainly good for a meeting of a party of 1-3 I would say. I like the area- it was really nice on Saturday and its in an up and coming area- very clean inside and such, LOVE the handwritten menus boards- although it takes a minute of two to read everything- they certainly have a eclectic array of items. I got a breakfast sandwich and my friend the breakfast burrito. The burrito was a good size, delicious and apparently filling because my friend let me have a bit after I had my sandwich, which, I might add seemed soooo tiny! It was good- but tiiiiiiiny. It was like, bite bite....done. Oh well. We each got a house-made soda- I got Pineapple-Ginger (AMAZING), and my friend a Cucumber (mmmmmm). Definitely a must. Overall, good place and would recommend.....although...I'm curious what and where the 'Touch and Spoon' is....
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,2/9/2011,104,208,4,5,7>I wouldn't call this a dive bar. The bathrooms are WAY too clean and the stalls have working locks. What I do know, is that I enjoyed my experience at Satire. After hitting Pete's Kitchen for dinner and pre-Lion's Lair show, a group of us stopped in here for some drinks. The Lounge was bustling with people but we didn't have any trouble finding a place to sit. I really like the layout of the place. You can sit at the bar or there is a whole other section with tables and booths. We were off to the Lion's Lair after we paid our dirt cheap tab.After making it through two lame bands, we ditched the Lair and came back to Satire. The waitress we had earlier greeted us with a big smile once again and immediately had drinks on our table. I was happy to find that we could still order some mexican food at 1am. The food wasn't the best, although, I did steal a chili cheese fry off my friend's plate when he went to the restroom and I thought those were pretty stellar. I would rather go over to Pete's for the food and leave the Satire in charge of the alcoholic beverages. Overall, our service was great and the price was certainly right. Looking forward to another excuse to come visit.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,2/8/2011,389,548,5,12,12>I'm fully blaming this place for getting me waaaaay too drinky to function last Friday and missing a show I had tickets for, as a result.Happy hour goes until 7 and includes the following at half off: food, house wine, wells, and beers.  At the suggestion of our rockin' server (literally, she's in a rock band), I went for an $11 bottle of totally decent Sauvignon Blanc while I awaited my fellow happy hour friends.Well, this bottle passed, and then another, and then we got some food: their mac-n-cheese which is droolworthy and the flatbread with white bean and pea puree which was a fresh contrast to the mac-n-cheese.  At half off, each of these delicious dishes is only $3.Pretty soon it cooled off enough outside for them to pull the garage door up and let us bask in the afternoon sun.  Rockin' server finished us off with Jameson shots and I was done.In short, a great spot!  They weren't as busy as I feared, and the service and deal was AMAZING.I heart Broadway.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,2/7/2011,60,90,5,5,5>I wish I were invisible and had an invisible bed.  I'd move in to Rooster & Moon so I could wake up to the sounds of their espresso machine making magic happen.  And each night I'd say, "Goodnight light.  Goodnight spinning room.  I've had too much whisky and now it's time to pass out.  Goodnight cow jumping over the moon.  Tell the Rooster I'll see him in the AM."Free wi-fi, delicious specialty coffee drinks, full bar, tasty sandwiches.  If Red Trolley is the place that can get me to eat gelato for breakfast, Rooster & Moon is the place that can get me to break my noon coffee curfew and imbibe in the wonderfulness that is the COFFEE ROCKET.Their space resembles some of the coffee shops that I love in Portland and Seattle.  Lots of great light and aesthetically pleasing.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,2/6/2011,73,96,2,7,6>C'mon people! It doesn't get much better than Sabor Latino! Here in North Denver, you can throw a stone and hit any number of delicious mexican restaurants, but what I especially love about Sabor is the broader south american spirit that seems to influence their cuisine. You can get a chimichanga anywhere, and it will be delicious (because hell, its essentially a deep fried burrito) but Sabor's chimichanga is special...stuffed with potatoes, onions, spicy-seasoned chicken, its just a different take that I appreciate. Granted, I'm usually not the most adventurous--I love my chili rellenos, chimichangas, and fajitas--but they also have a wide assortment of more traditional dishes that are quite tasty, such as corn pie. mmm. So, go for the delicious food, stay for the amazing mojitos, and relax, knowing you'll be taken care of. The service is always friendly...I have had a few experiences where its been a bit on the slow side, but I've never felt 'unattended'. I can totally relate to servers running around like crazy having to take care of too many tables at once because somebody called in sick. Try it, you'll like it!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,2/5/2011,315,429,4,13,9>Wow!  I am impressed!  Had I not asked a coworker to pick a place for lunch, I would've had no idea Cafe Paprika existed, even though it's on a well-traveled route for me.Cafe Paprika is in a tiny strip mall near Senor Ric's, close to a 7-11.  If you didn't know it was there, you'd drive right passed it, like I have on so many occasions.  The decor and ambiance are charming:  bright colorful desert scenes, accompanied by great North African/Middle Eastern music.  This place is tiny, so be aware that you'll be close to everyone in the restaurant.I haven't had Mediterranean food or the like for ages, so this was a nice treat to fall upon!  I tried the open-faced lamb sandwich from their lunch menu and couldn't be more pleased.  Delicious, tender meat with just enough spice; tasty vinaigrette dressing; and of course, awesome pita bread.  I took previous reviewers' advice and made sure to try the French Fries and mint tea.  The fries were awesome:  seasoned uniquely and maintained a nice "fluffy" yet crispy texture.  The mint tea wasn't anything spectacular, just regular ol' mint tea, but still a nice touch.  I loved the tall tea glasses that it was served in though.Everyone enjoyed their meals and also the decent lunch prices.  Great deal!  I can't wait to try more of the menu soon.My coworkers and I were certainly pleased with Cafe Paprika.  We were welcomed like old friends and treated as such.  The owner was so kind and made sure to give us a card to remind us of the tasty lunch we had.Don't worry, we'll see you again Cafe Paprika.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,2/4/2011,397,602,4,7,6>I am not a Greek food expert by any means, but...I did in fact go to Greece this summer so I was able to eat my fair share of the authentic sh*t.  So...maybe I know a bit more now than I did before. This was the first time having Greek food since my trip.The four stars is NOT for the ambiance-it's very casual, cafeteria-like. There is a grocery section you can get Greek items too.One thing I've been craving for a long time is the egg/lemon soup. I'm actually convinced this isn't really an authentic Greek food item- since I never saw it during my time in Greece. Surely doesn't mean I won't eat it though. I decided to get this soup and the chicken souvlaki platter. Platters are the way to go! You get a lot of food and then baklava for dessert.  The chicken was flavorful and awesome.  Their pita bread rocks. The tzatziki was a little runny though. Totally get the hummus, it is out of this world.  They closed at 7, and didn't seem to mind that we lingered a bit longer after that. Very friendly service! I even liked the gyro meat- something that I don't normally enjoy (don't really like lamb). I'd say this is one of the better places around town to 1-get good Greek food, and 2-have a good meal for under $10.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,2/3/2011,126,120,1,7,6>I'm in the mood for good food, maybe something a little unusual yet comforting, gourmet yet affordable. the answer every time is Le Central The food is country-french fare which makes is more casual than the usual Franco-fanatic restaurants that put a hole in your wallet. The prices at Le Central are more than fair, and the portions more than generous. The vibe of the restaurant, set in an old house in capitol hill gives it an at-home vibe, made even better by the laid-back french waiters that are quick, courteous, and professional. Every time I go I can't resist ordering the Moules with Frits. It gets me in trouble because I always over fill on the giant steaming bowl of mussels before my dinner. As if I could ever finish the overflowing plate lamb or veal scallopini put in front of me. Inevitably, I leave with a to go box, enough for tomorrow's lunch. Now lets talk wine. Great selection, amazing prices. Its the way it should be, a great meal that can be accompanied by a good glass (or bottle!) of wine without dreading the bill. Vive Le Central!
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,2/2/2011,202,82,2,12,9>Snowy Sunday afternoon meant an empty Eco-Burger, but they were still open! The boyfriend and I were looking for something in the Cherry Creek area because we were starving and on our way to the mall. We found Eco-Burger on Yelp and decided to try it out.I got the Black Bean burger with the standard chipotle sour cream and guacamole, and the addition of cheddar cheese. It was a hearty, handmade burger and was tasty and filling. (6.50 + cheese)The boyfriend got his grass-fed burger with prosciutto and blue cheese as recommended by the manager working. (6.50 + meat + cheese)We shared an order of hand cut fries with sea salt and pepper with some blue cheese dipping sauce and together couldn't eat them all. (3.50 plus $ or so for dipping sauce)They had a variety of beer and wine offerings including Great Divide, and we were excited to see that they offered our favorite Oogave sodas AND Bull & Bush Root Beer on tap.While it may be on the pricier side, the food was good and we were in and out in no time at all. I can't wait to test out that patio in the warmer months!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,2/1/2011,119,122,5,10,9>Update: this store still kicks ass. Here's a new reason why.I stopped in to Kilgore last weekend to do some pre-Christmas browsing, and managed to find a couple books that would be perfect for a few difficult-to-shop-for people on my list. The stage was set for Santa sweep, and when I brought my finds up to the counter, I got caught up in book talk with the kind dude behind the register. He swiped my card, handed me my treasures, and bid me good day. Transaction complete...almost.About three steps outside the door, I peeked in my bag and noticed I had accidentally taken up one of my 'like it' selections in place of my 'gotta have it' purchases, and realized my mistake. Embarrassed, I turned tail and went back into Kilgore to explain the mix-up. The clerk was a total class act about it, and when we figured out that the book I had INTENDED to buy was a buck-fifty more than the one I DID purchase, I half-heartedly offered to buy it in addition to my previous purchase. Nothin' doin' for this friendly shopkeep. "Don't worry about it, man...I recognize you. Just throw in an extra buck or two next time you're in." And so I shall, sir. I'll be back before the year is out.As stated in my previous review, Kilgore Books sets the bar high in terms of selection, organization, and presentation. But by standards of real world service, you'd be hard-pressed to find a better store (of any kind) in our fair city. The dude that helped me could've easily (and understandably) made me return my purchases, charged me the extra $1.50 on a separate transaction, whatever...but he didn't. If you're a fan of the printed word and have somehow managed to evade this store so far, get off your ass and make tracks to 13th and Washington. You'll find a banquet of great used books and independent comics, topped off with the kind of customer service that would warm over Ebeneezer's heart. Just make sure you double check your purchase BEFORE you fork over your card. They'll appreciate that.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,1/31/2011,204,249,3,8,8>So, I've eaten here multiple times since my first review.  I have to say that I truly do love this place.  Usually pretty consistent on service and flavors, however getting take out usually isn't as good.  The last time I had take out was in July.  The steak in my tacos was chewy and kind of rubbery.On the flip side, dining in is usually a treat!  The food always comes out piping hot, fresh out of the kitchen.  I've never once gotten the feeling my food was sitting for a while before hitting my table.  The salsa is always flavorful and has a little kick to it.  Like in my previous review, most places seem to dull down their salsa so they're not spicy.  I'm not saying that the salsa at Taqueria Jalisco is super spicy, it just has a nice kick to it and you really don't get that too often.  Very cool!Last night when we stopped in, both my boyfriend and I tried different dishes.  I'm pretty notorious for sticking to the Tacos El Carbon as they are freakin' DELICIOUS!  I'm not usually one who eats red meat either.  This is a dish I always make an exception for.  So, in an effort to try something new, last night I ordered the fish tacos.  I'm a big fan of fish tacos anyway and figured it was high time I tried Taqueria Jalisoco's version of them.  All I have to say is WOW!  They were tasty!  I sometimes expect the fish in fish tacos to be a little dry, but no, no, no... not this time.  Just juicy, melt in your mouth little nuggets of fishies in a corn tortilla with avocado, pico de gallo and cabbage.  Also, just like the Tacos El Carbon, they're super messy.  I think I'm going to have to start referring to the tacos here as "Napkin Destroyers" because I always have to ask for extra napkins.  Between the lime juice, the juicy meat and the drippings from the pico de gallo, it just gets everywhere... all over your face, all over your hands and even has dripped down my arm before.  Never has something so messy tasted so good!  The fish tacos also came with rice and beans.  The rice was good, but the beans were very bland.  I was kind of surprised!I also had an 1800 margarita last night.  Just as I expected, well mixed, tasted good and was a very enjoyable compliment to the meal.  My water glass also never went empty, which is always a wonderful thing as I LOVE water!  It's such a fantastic thing knowing that my favorite drink on anyone's menu is always free.Taqueria Jalisco, I love you!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,1/30/2011,290,399,6,12,6>Yay Lou's is OPEN! Since I live in Sunnyside, I have been very excited about this little gem. First thing you notice, every single one of the staff is so polite and friendly, genuinely warm and welcoming. They have a pretty extensive bar (complete with purse hooks, yes I noticed) and a great menu of unique handcrafted drinks. I chose one with lavender infused vodka - delish!Didn't really stop in for dinner, just for a cocktail and some snacks, but we were not let down a bit. The beef carpaccio is perfect! Personally I'm not a fan of pâté, but the BF scarfed it down blissfully. I was impressed with the white bean salad we tried. There is also a nice selection of house made cheeses as well.  I wished we could try more! Another tidbit, word on the street is they are rolling out the brunch menu next weekend!So basically, in all honesty, we are so thrilled to have this place in our 'hood and can't wait to frequent it enough to try all the fabulous looking things on the menu, especially the Country Fried Chicken and the Mozzarella Stuffed Meatballs. Bravo!
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,1/29/2011,702,888,6,7,9>Waffle fries, fried cheese curds/catfish bites/avocado wedges/jalapeno slices/pickles, $3.50 Jamo gingers all day every day, happy hour, patio AND a view of Sloan's Lake? All within a short but hilly bike ride from my house, therefore excusing my inhalation of fried food? Canned beer of almost 100 varieties, allowing use of my hand-crocheted beer coozie featuring my first name? Friendly bartenders who encourage cruisers to congregrate in large numbers? Clean but kitchsy can-heavy decor? Yes it's all true. Yes I'm a fan.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,1/28/2011,267,467,4,9,7>This is my neighborhood gayish bar - a little mixed but I'd have to say, normally more gay than not.This little bar has several great things going for it.1 - the staff - most have been there for years - they're pretty friendly especially once you get to know them.2 - they pour stiff, reasonably priced drinks - some really great deals during the week if you watch the specials.  $2 vodka all day Tuesday.3 - they have a great (and I mean great) patio.4 - you can bring your pooch.5 - owners Patrick and Larrence (who also owned the Mozart until last week) are terrific guys and very gracious hosts.6 - it's conceivable that you could meet someone - but, honestly it's not a hook up bar especially.So, If you happen to be of the gay persuasion, or don't mind rubbing elbows with the gay crowd (and their pooches) while enjoying a strong, cheap drink on a great patio - check it out.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,1/27/2011,28,90,7,8,7>Normally when people review a place on Yelp, they talk about the PEOPLE in the place (swank hipsters or smelly old people), or what's OFFERED in the place (gourmet scallops or limp cold fries). I'm taking a much needed tack on the ASLD, quite simply, the PLACE.There's a special thing about the building, and if I had to show a guest only 10 things about Denver, I'd show them this building, for two reasons: 1) it's a lovely historical landmark, and 2) the STAIRS.The stairs exude the historical, sublime nature of "the place". The architecture and the sound, creak, style and feel of these wooden stairs transcend even the building itself, built in 1893 as The Sherman School by architect Henry Dozier. One can meld with the ghosts who have walked these stairs.Today, it exists without it's prominent tower on the front, but it's a reminder of the kind of architecture too often destroyed in our town, a crying shame.  Denver is too young to have torn down so much.The ASLD school is cool, and I see great exhibits and classes going on a lot - all styles and ages.  And of course it's well-known for its annual art festival, usually an overcrowded melange of: a) people-of-true-craft, and; b) wannabes.The league usually sells adult beverages to an unmanageable crowd because things are smooshed too close together.  It would be better if the whole shebang were more spread out -  and everyone got baked beforehand instead.  It'd be a much better experience, and more art (and food) would get sold.Maybe if there were a dispensary as a booth, things might go a lot more smoothly.  And if you partake, make sure you don't miss the stairs! Spoooky ;-)
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,1/26/2011,75,150,7,6,6>Breakfast King! How is it that I've forgotten to post my Yelpful opinion of you? Oh now I remember... vaguely: I have never actually been to Breakfast King outside the hours of 2:00 to 4:00am. My initial score was three stars, but I had to throw in a fourth because there are few else who serve hot coffee and food with a smile and sometimes even interesting anecdotes at 3:00am. And with orange vinyl seats, you can't go wrong. I may not be able to give a completely accurate version of food quality here due to my up-late-circumstances that have brought me here. I have made comments in the past  like: "This is the best food ever right now" regarding my usual order of egg-white veggie omelet (yep, I still manage to eat somewhat healthy even when some of my wits are missing) accompanied by somewhat-buttered sourdough toast. I'm sure I was on to something with my "ever right now" description of time. Whether Breakfast King serves high quality food during the light of day, I may never know. What I do know is that Breakfast King will always serve as a bright breakfast mecca when food is necessary to survive waking up the morning after whatever late night event leads me to crave morning food before the night can be called morning.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,1/25/2011,188,277,2,8,10>My dad always told me that you can judge the quality of a neighborhood by whether or not it has a good breakfast place. His view was that neighbors get together over breakfast  so a good breakfast place is vital to the well-being of a neighborhood. I guess that the opening of Jelly means that Capitol Hill is doing great.Because Jelly is just the kind of place my dad (and me) likes. It has a great funky decor with a breakfast bar, booths and a smattering of small tables. That way you can have a private meeting in a booth or strike up a conversation with a stranger at the bar.And the food is great. Since it just opened, I of course, have only eaten one thing. It was called the "farm scramble" and consisted of eggs scrambled with goat cheese and roasted marinated tomatoes with a side of delicious peasant potatoes (Why more places don't understand the delicious symbiosis between potato and onion, I don't know).But it's the namesake item that is killer here. The scramble comes with your choice of toast served with a tin of the most delicious homemade jelly. Today it was a peach jelly with undertones from some orange zest and I seriously would've been happy to simply smear that jelly on toast for every meal today. As with all just opened restaurants, there are some growing pains. There is no lunch menu yet until as the server explained, "They get to doing breakfast really well." But the place is still open until 2:30, so breakfast for lunch is great short-term option (Though that curried chicken salad sandwich on the lunch menu looks really good).Jelly took over a former dry cleaners, so the high ceilings of the place do make it a bit loud. And it's probably not quite busy enough for all the servers that have been hired, and their conversations definitely contributed to the din.But the service I received was wonderfully efficient. I only have a 45-minute lunch hour and I was able to get in and out of there with time to spare for the 5 min or so walk back to work.I am really excited about Jelly. Capitol Hill has needed a good breakfast spot for a long time, and I will be happy to take my dad here and prove to him the greatness of my neighborhood.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2010,1/24/2011,260,513,1,6,8>Tomorrow is shop local day in Denver. At Women's Bean Project you would be doing two good deeds as this is a nonprofit business helping women learn life skills for "entry level jobs through their gourmet food production and handmade jewelry manufacturing business."  And it is a Denver based business. This is the company that produces Toni's layered 10 bean soup mix, the wonderful split pea soup mix, and many other mixes to prepare a great meal. I go to their store front and buy the 10 bean mix that is not layered for stocking stuffers; great discount for those oops with bean layering. And I will put together several mixes including a bread and a desert for a complete meal gift. Last year, I brought neighbor Sam to the Women's Bean Project to teach him about gift giving and helping others  You can watch the women working and it gave him a warm fuzzy to give me one of their beautiful handmade necklaces; I wear it with pride as I know some woman made this necklace and felt a sense of accomplishment when she finished it. You can shop online, buy the products at King Soopers, or stop by the renovated firehouse on Curtis to see a great organization creating better lives for women and their families.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,1/23/2011,185,251,3,9,6>Where to start on Helga's, where to start?Let's start here:  Everything is delicious.  Helga's was a cute little place on 6th in the icky Hoffman Heights shopping center until about two years ago.  My family used to love going there, with its Bavarian decor and yummy food.  Then it moved, to a slightly less cute but nicer location near the Aurora Mall in an ill fated Chili's (turned into many bad incarnations of sports bar in the meantime).  It still has a German feel, but has lost some of the adorable lace curtains and things like that.No matter, the food is to die for.  The Rahm Schnitzel, a fried pork cutlet topped with mushroom gravy is my favorite thing to eat there.  My mom and I can easily share one, or I get a whole order and take leftovers home for lunch the next day.  Chicken schnitzel is also wonderful.  I adore their cucumber salad, no I CRAVE their cucumber salad.  We've had ham hocks and potato pancakes and sausage platters and we're always satisfied!They have a little patio in the Summer which is dog friendly, a big plus for me and my mutt.  My husband and I will go have a drink and a snack on the patio and the mutt enjoys going with us.There is a little store attached to the restaurant which sells German foods, deli meats, chocolates and other trinkets.  Very cute.Helga's staff is friendly and the service is always good, although it can be slow at times.  Some Fridays, they have a band come play polka on accordions, always a good time.  Helga's gets two thumbs up from me!Edited to make Jager Schnitzel say Rahm Schnitzel.  I got them mixed up.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,1/22/2011,242,830,10,7,7>Lao wang, Lao Wang.Yes, I am absolutely smitten with your Xiao Long Bao and actually went twice in one week to indulge in them.  I may join a 12-Step Program.Yes, I've tried more of your dumpling delicousness in the form of Homemade Wontons in Peanut Sauce (See Photo)  which were tremendous in their savory/sweet/garlicky/tender goodness.And yes, your Potstickers still make me salivate.I shall continue to risk life and limb in your parking lot (though I will NOT park my car there.  Street Parking is MUCH safer)  to savor your Heavenly Dumplings.  Most likely often enough that it gets embarrassing.And yes, the older couple who run the place entirely on their own are still simply adorable and endearing.So, why the drop of the one star, from 5 to 4?2 reasons:First:  We tried the DanDan Noodle Bowl, and though I asked for "Mild"... this was close to flavorless.  I added vinegar & soy to kick it up, but "Mild" should at least contain SOME spice.  Also:  The noodles were mushy, and the "Pickled Vegetable" and "Pork" were slim pickin's here.  Just was wholly unimpressed.  (Don't worry, it's the ONLY thing we've tried that was not all I'd dreamed it would be.)Second:  We arrived at 6:15 on Sunday Night. (Yeah, Yeah, it woulda been the third time in a week.  Don't Judge.)  They close at 8:30 on Sundays.  There was a hand-written sign taped to the locked door.  This was not a new hand-written sign.  This was crackled with age and had obviously been used and re-used before.  It read simply:"Ran out of all food.  Next time get here earlier.  Sorry!"So, Lao Wang, yes, I still love you, and yes, you are apparently my only option in Denver for (authentic) Xiao Long Bao, but really?  Really, Lao Wang?  Really??
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,1/21/2011,35,100,8,7,3>Oh, Tocabe.  You and I are going to be dating for quite some time, and after my very first visit today, I'm already ready to move on to third base and heavy petting with you.The atmosphere is clean, attractive, and simple.  The service is extremely helpful and friendly.  Without my asking, they offered to explain every ingredient choice you can put in your taco or nachos.  All in all, they make you feel like you're really being taken care of.The food is freakin' top-notch.  The frybread (what they use instead of standard tortillas) is completely orgasmic.   I ordered the chicken and my dining companion ordered the buffalo.  When I tried a bite of his, I immediately regretted ordering the chicken, even though mine was also fantastic.  The buffalo was totally delicious, well-spiced, and very moist.  During the whole meal, we kept looking back and forth and saying "is this for real?"  That doesn't happen too often to me, but this place really tickled my fancy.I also like how they only use local ingredients, and eco-friendly disposable silverware and cups.   For about 8 bucks (including drink), you honestly can't go wrong here.  If you haven't tried this place, you need to.  I literally can't wait to go back again.If this place ever decided to expand and open more locations, I have no doubt that it would be an immediate success.  They've taken the fresh-mex trend and really put a unique spin on it.  More heavy petting, please.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,1/20/2011,112,168,9,11,10>I am at a temporary loss for words which I mainly attribute to my food coma. Holy cow.... ( haaa get it?) OK, so I have passed this place on Colfax a gazillion times, tonight, was my night to stop in. LUCKY LUCKY LUCKY ME !!! Service was top notch, personable, kind and informative, not to mention proud of this family business. I dig this a lot. The atmosphere was also neato, daddio, and we all felt comfortable, especially my mom... and that's one hard egg to crack. Mary our server was the best. She knows what she's doing and does it damn well. OK now onto the sinful, you may wanna send your kids outta the room part now.... My sugar steak? Insane. It was like biting into perfectly sweet flavored, robust, tender and heaven sent steak. IT WAS AMAZING!! Jessie had the Steak David and I nearly had to resusitate her as it was unreal on so many levels. Sammie had the Talapia with this lemon butter sauce and shrimp... sweet heavenly father, It was delicious. Mom and auntie had the prime rib and no complaints from them at the time. This happens as often as a comet sighting. Needless to say much more. This place is lovely, no wonder they've been around since 1937. I love local, family places, and ones that rendered me as happy as I was tonight? Even better...
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,1/19/2011,120,341,2,5,5>Wow that cinnamon roll thing was fantastic!  Sorry I'm not sure what everything is called here.  The pastry case was full, loaves of bread on the shelves and some many goodies coming out of the oven.Just a small place with a gravel parking lot off of Jewell.  But don't let the looks of the place deceive you.Back to my sweet pastry.  I got the cinnamon roll type thing with a sweet icing on the top center.  The pastry itself was very flaky not too buttery.  There was so much cinnamon.  It really was worth the calories.  I got the hubby this horseshoe shaped almond cookie that with the tips dipped in chocolate.  I stole a bite and it was so moist, full of almond flavor and not too sweet at all.  The best horseshoe cookie ever I think!I got 4 scones for my coworkers tomorrow.  I think I will dream about them tonight.  One of my favorite bakeries.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,1/18/2011,116,230,1,7,6>If I owned a restaurant, I would want it to Squeak! Go there right now for the Autumn Squash Salad - you won't regret it.The Bean strikes the right balance between friendly, neighborhood vibe and high-end dining. The building is fabulous, old, and on a wonderful corner - there's great outside seating and a fun bar inside.The servers are enthusiastic. SB emphasizes fresh, local ingredients. Lots of the produce comes from Aspen Moon Farm (near Denver) -- whose owner is a sister of one of the Bean's servers. Their autumn menu is spectacular, with these highlights:Kohlrabi & Apple Soup: curry poached apples, shaved kohlrabi, roasted fennelAutumn Squash Salad: roasted spaghetti & delicata, pistachio crackers, strachiatella, frisee, honeycomb mustard seed vinaigretteBeing the geek that I am, I like that their wines by-the-glass arrive in chemistry lab beakers.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,1/17/2011,208,498,7,6,11>I just checked out the newest Snooze for lunch and I must say it is a very welcome addition to the Tech Center/Centennial lunch scene!! I am very excited. My waistline and pocketbook are somewhat less excited.This Snooze has the same cool, retro design and vibe as the other restaurants in this local min-chain, which is very pleasing to me because in the burbs I feel that things can tend to get watered down. Our server was totally awesome - friendly, fun, made great recommendations. Yet she was not overbearing which I like.The food was just like the other Snoozes which makes me even more happy. I got the dish whose name I can never remember - but it's a big pile of hash browns with meat, veggies, and cheese. It was delicious. The hash browns on the way bottom were a bit mushy but that was probably for the best as otherwise I would have eaten the entire huge vat of potatoes. On top they were crunchy and there was a good amount of delicious melty cheese.We also split a sweet potato pancake and it was incredible. So, so good. The pancake was so moist and flavorful and the caramel sauce was great. Had I not been there with a coworker there's a good chance I might have licked the plate.I am so happy you are in the Tech Center now, and I can come see you and not wait for a million hours, Snooze!!!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,1/16/2011,138,353,7,10,7>PowerHour Kettlebell Fitness recently appeared on one of those sites that offers group deals. You know the ones, daily emails with "hey everyone! 50% off Unicorn Fart Gift Certificates At Crazy Uncle Bananas Unicorn Fart Emporium!" etc. Well, the ladyfriend and I had been talking about taking some Group fitness classes to help shed some pounds (plus after the holidays, it's not a bad idea.) She doesn't exactly have pounds to drop, but she thinks she does, so helping to motivate me, she thought we should give it a try. We purchased our gift certs online and finally booked a class online.With your first class you've got to take a little half hour intro to get familiar with the basic movements of kettlebell training, so we showed up at 545 for a training from 6-630. When we arrived it was pretty empty. It's a small space, kind of hidden. It took us a second to figure out how to get there, but if you go just remember that it's inside Peak Physique and that should help you find it.We hung out for a few minutes stretching, and Scott came in to say hi and get us started. While the room you're in leaves a bit to be desired, Scott is a great teacher/instructor who genuinely seems excited about all his workouts. Through our instruction he was both helpful, complimentary, gently corrective, and friendly.  The first thing he said though, was that the class is done barefoot....so that was kind of interesting. I was worried a little about my feet slipping, but everything worked out just fine.When the regular class started there were only 6 of us in there, which is about all the room can really hold without getting dangerous. I thought there would be more, but this size generally allowed for much more individual attention, correction of form, etc. Scott was also quick to learn the names of The Ladyfriend and I, so we were sure to be addressed by name as our form broke down as the workout went on.The first half hour was spent going over basic motions of the days workout, with anywhere from 4-10 reps for each side of the body depending on which exercise it was, then the last half hour was spent doing 45:10s of about 6 different exercises for each side of the body. Twice. Pretty solid workout, especially for a newbie like me.Overall it was a fun class. From what Scott said, the classes seem to vary pretty heavily from day to day and week to week to make sure people are not doing the same thing day after day and hitting any sort of plateau. So if you're looking for something new, and a good challenge with an instructor who is energetic, committed, friendly, supportive and knows his stuff -- then I definitely recommend giving PowerHour Kettlebell Fitness a try.Classes run about $12 each, and I think you can buy packages, as well as get personal training.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,1/15/2011,639,447,10,13,12>If this store were candy, I would gorge myself on it until I couldn't move and had a slight stomach cramp. As it stands, this little boutique is like the owner went inside my head and took everything I like and made it into a store. It's like a crayon factory took a shit on fabric and made everything beautiful and colorful.Seriously, there is something for any woman who is not afraid of a little color and a lot of flair. There are dresses and shirts from romantic to fun. The accessories are fantastic and don't take themselves too seriously. The prices are relatively reasonable for a boutique, most clothes run between $40-$60. And the best part is that the gal working was just so darned pleasant and down to earth. Seriously. This is my new favorite shop in Denver.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,1/14/2011,103,577,3,4,9>'Twas the first night of Denver Restaurant Week 2010 and all through the Dipping Grill not a creature wasn't dining on delicious food...For some reason until this visit, I haven't dined at Vesta, which seems weird because I often venture to its neighbor next door (the 9th Door) and wonder what deliciousness is behind Vesta's own doors. I thought Restaurant Week would be a good time to give it a try, so I made reservations in advance and was pleasantly surprised by the whole shebang. My fiance and I arrived just in time for our reservation but did end up still waiting about 15 minutes for our table to be ready, bummer, but oh well things like that don't bother me. We got a cozy spot far away from the front door which was good because it was snowy and icky out. Our waiter then greeted us and was very helpful. He was more than happy to offer the special $52.80 menu to us...which I appreciated because I have had other servers at places during this event that are more non-plused about it than who are. Vesta was offering a 3 course wine-pairing for $26.00 per couple as well, which was a very nice addition. Anyway, onto the FOOD! I ordered the samosas, the steak, and the lemon bar for dessert. All meals came with bread (with fresh roasted garlic) and a small pear+gorgonzola salad. My honey got the beef skewers, the creole chicken, and the chocolate roll. He was very pleased with his orders and I was very pleased with mine. The dipping sauces are such a fun and unique concept! I loved the chile gastrique and the corn sauce, both were very tasty! We though the wines were all paired beautifully with what we ordered, too.Now obviously you can't walk into Vesta every day of the year and get the same experience and food as we did since it was a special event...therefore I am planning on going back to Vesta when I can pick and choose off of the regular menu (I did noticed they do a Monday $52.80 menu so that is something to look into). But nonetheless, the meal we had was fantastic and I am very happy we decided to go here for Restaurant Week!I will be back for a one/two course meal and one of their tasty-sounding cocktails very soon! Happy hour is calling my name...
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,1/13/2011,285,768,6,5,7>Dear Clementine & Clyde-I love you!!  I stalk you on Facebook & now have my husband hot on your tail as well.  I'm happy to hear you are getting a tri-county license and hope to see you out in the burbs where I am stuck working.I can't wait to try more of your flavors, but my favorite remains the pistachio.  I have to eat it in private-it's a special moment.  Nothing beats that first decadent bite.  I have to say OMG out loud!  The icing can't be beat, it's not sugary, but very rich.  Then you hand roll it in sweet chocolate chips and bits of pistachio.  HEAVEN!!Each cupcake has amazing flavor and richness.  And each cupcake is hand rolled in a lovely topping such as coconut or sprinkles.  I love the unique mystery flavors-Maple Bacon, Strawberry & Lime-crazy good!  The standard fixtures you have chosen for your trucks are just as good-Chocolate Overload, Rockin Red Velvet or the infamous Denver Snowball.Thank you for what you do and what you have done for the Denver food truck scene.  You seem to have started something quite special. I wish you so much more success and hope to see you soon!Yours Truly, Angie
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,1/12/2011,410,321,5,7,7>Las Tortas, I thought I'd written a review for you a long time ago... This is my favorite torta place in town! I usually come to Las Tortas with a mission, to eat a Torta de Milanesa, I'd ordered one of their signatures tortas before, but its way too many ingredients making it hard to concentrate and enjoy all the flavors at once. The milanesa falls into their "build your own torta" where you get to choose the meat items, then it's pretty much the same, which includes: refried beans, mayo, tomatoes, onions, avocados, melted cheese and chipotle sauce.From all the torta joints I've tried in Denver and Aurora, Las Tortas is by far the best; their bread is always fresh and always moist, in contrary to the other famous torta joints. Their prices are competitive to others. The regular size is enough for one big hungry person or for 2 regular people, the smaller size is usually enough, but for only 50 cents more you can build a regular torta with one meat.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,1/11/2011,263,617,4,8,7>Lil' Ollie's has been there on the corner of 3rd and Josephine for a long long time. The place is frequented by chi-chi Cherry Geekers and folks of the wealthy / upper middle class persuasion, many of whom have had lots of work done, but may not have actually worked much.Those petty, small minded and mean-spirited things aside, Little Ollies is well worth a visit: Not your skinny strips of meat and chopped up unidentifiable veggies swimming in an over-sweetened sauce kinda Chinese restaurant. This place is about the fresh taste of good quality ingredients, artfully arranged and invitingly served.Can't get me enough of their shrimp with freshly shredded ginger and wild onion put into an egg compote-like mixture and served over a starburst of bok choy. And the twice cooked pork we had today was better than any I've ever had anywhere: Hefty chunks of wonderfully flavorful barbacued pork interspersed with tasty slices of  Chinese cabbage and peppers, delicately touched by a mild garlic  brown gravy. Wow and a half!Little Ollies is not like the other Chinese restaurants I usually go to.  It verges on fine dining and is worth the 25% extra you're going to pay for the experience.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,1/10/2011,164,209,10,6,11>Ten years ago I went here for my first taste of Thai food during a very uncomfortable dinner with my high school boyfriend and his parents.In spite of this awkward experience of sharing chicken satay with his overbearing mother, I returned, and returned. During those past ten years I've lived in different states and different countries, but whenever I returned to Colorado I came to Wild Ginger.  It's true what they say, you never forget your first.  No, I'm not talking about the boy; we broke up a month later.  But I will always remember my first taste of Thai food, and to me it will forever define how I evaluate all other dishes, be they more or less authentic than this tiny place in Littleton. Try the curries, try the pad thai, try their amazing soups and their unusual rolls.  Sit with your legs crossed in a "booth" and fall in love a little, if not with your companion, than with the food.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,1/9/2011,21,20,5,14,10>Jamie Oliver calls it a food revolution. I call it delicious.I'm so happy this shop opened up 3 blocks from my house. I've stopped in here and there for little things (the Noosa yogurt is the best yogurt I've had in my life!) but this weekend I made my first substantial grocery trip here and it kind of made my weekend. Let me explain. . .I am usually a Kashi cereal with fruit and and a cup of strong coffee for breakfast kinda girl. But every once in awhile on the weekend I crave heartier breakfast fare. I strolled down the sidewalk to In Season and despite the place being TINY my arms somehow became full of delicious local groceries. Soon the overflow piled onto the counter but the sweet girl working didn't seem to mind. Within 20 minutes I was back at my house enjoying the best farm fresh eggs ever ("from happy hens"), gloriously thick cream in my coffee, sizzling breakfast sausage (I must confess I was too busy eating to think about the fact that the pigs were ethically raised, but you know, there's that) and the aforementioned Noosa yogurt with fruit.Later at dinner we grabbed some lemon pepper salmon from the regular grocery store and broiled it with the super fresh asparagus from In Season. For dessert In Season played a delicious role once again- Nana's cinnamon coffee cake (I warmed it in the oven), which could be addictive. Next time I'll have it with Red Trolley vanilla gelato which I can also get right at In Season instead of making a separate trip.The ethical and environmental reasons for buying local food have been well-documented. In addition to being the responsible thing to do, getting just the things you really need from the rustic shelves of a tiny market down the street just feels so old-timey and fun and Little House on the Prairie, you know? 5 stars.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,1/8/2011,245,483,12,12,8>I can no longer keep a secret.  Some of you may have noticed a certain glow radiating from my skin, while others have found my protruding belly a bit suspicious.  Some of you probably didn't want to ask me, in case I was only getting fat, so I'll just spell it out for you - I'm pregnant!  Yep, Star Kitchen has knocked me up with their alluring carts of dim sum.  In a short while, I am going to give birth to our love child, a little bastard dumpling.  In all seriousness, Star Kitchen is the place in Denver to get dim sum.  The carts are loaded and they keep coming.  On my last visit, our group gorged ourselves on a cornucopia of calamari, smelt with roe, Chinese broccoli, and plenty of dumplings.  A new favorite was their lobster and shrimp steamed dumpling - talk about a buttery treat!  Of course they have all of the classics - so feel free to eat to your heart's delight.  If you are new to the dim sum game, I strongly suggest starting off with shu mai and char siu bao, both porky and delightful.  The char siu bao is like biting into a fluffy cloud of sex.  The key to Star Kitchen, like any good dim sum joint, is the volume of clientele.  The more customers, the fresher the dim sum.  Some of the other places serve old, crusty dim sum, but Star Kitchen is always fresh.  Sure this means that you might have to wait for your Saturday or Sunday outing, but the wait is worth the trouble.    In addition, if you don't have eyes that absolutely dwarf your stomach, you can easily get out of here for less than $15 (including tip).
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,1/7/2011,134,373,17,12,9>Four cuts into this relationship, and I must tell you that I have never had someone take such an interest in my follicles.  Andee truly does kick some hairy ass.  Not saying that mine is hairy, mind you.Andee has made me feel like I am her most important client, and I hope it stays that way.  For those who have not been to Mop Factory, this place sucks.  Stay away, all of you newcomers are going to make it harder for me to get my choice times.I have spent three times this much, and received much less, in the past from some very reputable stylists.  Charlatans!  I will not be going anywhere else, as long as Andee is here.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,1/6/2011,210,385,6,8,9>Not having been there at night, I can safely say that Highland Tavern is a pretty chill place to spend a Sunday Brunch. $3 Bloody Marys with cucumber-jalapeno-infused vodka? Yes, please! The food there is really, really good. Big ups for serving Grateful Bread. That stuff is delicious... some of the best out there! And, coming from a girl who never met a carb she didn't like, that's saying something. My only complaint is-- if you're going to charge me $1.50 extra to substitute tots instead of fries with my sandwich-- I want more than six of them on my plate. Those things are Too. Freakin. Good. Don't be stingy! Share the wealth! The bartenders there are super-nice and accommodating. The garage-door patio is perfect for a breezy almost-fall afternoon. Like I said, I can't speak to the night crowd at Highlands, but I'll definitely cruise back for some happy daytime hangs!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,1/5/2011,194,576,5,8,7>I love Indian food. I've been spoiled rotten by the Indian food I have whenever I'm in the UK, and haven't found many locations in the US, let alone Colorado that make AMAZING Indian food. While I wouldn't say Little India is amazing, this location is pretty darn good and I am definitely a fan...especially of their lamb vindaloo.Many Indian restaurants in the US seem to shy away from making Vindaloo as spicy as it should be. But not Little India. It's supah hot, but it's not just spicy for the sake of spicy, but full of flavor too. Their naan and Biryani are pretty tasty too.Since they are around the corner from my place, I usually just walk over and do take out, but on Saturday we ate there and it's a really cozy location with attentive service.While it isn't the best Indian food I've had, Little India is pretty tasty and it satisfies me when I get that craving.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2010,1/4/2011,190,292,4,6,5>Amazingly delicious breakfast burritos. Parking can be a pain in the morning on your way to work, but it's so worth it. For $2 you get a tasty meal (chef's choice on the meat each day, but I haven't tried one I didn't like), a friendly girl behind the counter, and enough spice to kick your sinuses into high gear. You can go with hot, half and half, or mild (this isn't really spelled out on the menu, unless I've missed it). I've done the half and half routinely now, and I can't seem to break from it. It's spicy, but not too spicy. If anyone here is familiar with the ordering style at Gates in KC, this is similar. The folks who get in line know what they want and it moves fast. The folks behind the counter expect you to know your order when you reach the front of the line; however, they don't yell at you, so that's a plus. First time I went involved a mini-anxiety attack because I just wasn't ready. That is PRESSURE first thing in the morning.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/3/2011,40,133,5,5,9>What did the chickpea say to the lentil bean?Can you peas len me a hand with this all-you-can eat Indian buffet?Alright, so I'm not exactly a comedian and I certainly won't quit my day job.  But when it comes to really good solid Indian food, India's Restaurant is no laughing matter.  What you will want to chuckle over is the price.  $8.95 all you can eat lunch buffet.  For real?!This is some seriously good food.  I've been eyeballing it for some time now and after a session of yoga at the gym next door I decided to continue my namaste.I found out quickly that their lunch is only a buffet and the menu is reserved for dinner.  No problem.  I passed the salad section and headed right for the good stuff.Saag Paneer - spinach cooked with cheese and spices.  So good I went back for seconds!Bengan Bharta - grlled eggplant with peas, potatoes and onions.  Great flavor and my second favorite.Chana Masala - spiced chick peas.  Wonderful texture and well rounded taste.Chicken Curry - Beautiful golden curry with hints of spice to liven it up.Shahi Bhajia - deep fried veggie fritters.  A little too crispy for my liking but great once I softened it up with some sauce off the other dishes.And the naan....obviously homemade with a nice chewy texture and soft and spongy inside.With such outstanding dishes I could easily become a vegetarian and not bat an eyelash.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,1/2/2011,500,166,4,9,11>The cuisine of our 50th state draws from a number of diverse culinary traditions - Native Hawaiian, Korean, Chinese, Filipino, Portuguese, Japanese and many more. Hawaiians definitely love their cooking and sharing it with others. And lucky you - you can taste some of what they have to offer at L&L Hawaiian Barbecue! This Honolulu-based chain has its (rather tiny) metro-area outpost in the Aurora Town Center.One of the best-known concepts of Hawaiian cooking is the Plate Lunch, where one or more main courses combine with scoops of firm white rice and squishy macaroni salad. L&L offers a number of items to pair with your starches. Possibilities range from smoky Korean BBQ shortribs (Kalbi), to a moist breaded Japanese chicken cutlet (Katsu) to tender and juicy Kalua Pork. (No, not "Kahlua" like the liqueur - in Hawaiian the word "kalua" generally refers to baking or roasting meats or other items in an underground oven called an Imu).Other possible options are the Loco Moco (hamburger patties covered with rich brown gravy and then crowned with two fried eggs - is your cholesterol redlining yet?) or, on weekends, the succulent dish known as Lau Lau where rich pork is wrapped in (edible) taro leaves, then in a (not-so-edible) Ti leaf (no, not tea leaf...) then steamed to create something incredibly aromatic and delicious.Other odds 'n' ends at L&L include Saimin (Japanese/Chinese/Filipino-influenced noodle soup), Malas(s)adas (sugary doughnuts originally from the Portuguese islands of Madeira and the Azores) and the Japanese-inspired Musubi. What is this last item you ask? In Hawaii, Musubi are fingers of rice with a variety of toppings, wrapped in seaweed. Try the ones with Spam (very popular in Hawaii) or Linguiça (Portuguese sausage)!Grab a tropical fruit juice from the cooler and you're ready to go! Mahalo, and make sure to try L&L.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,1/1/2011,174,419,5,9,11>An assignment for my Cultural Aspects of Nutrition class required us to visit an ethnic restaurant and write a paper.  Hell I had to write a paper, why not a review while I'm at it?I'm ashamed to admit that it took a school assignment to finally get me in the door of an Ethiopian restaurant.  Considering they have many-a-vegetarian option, I don't know why I waited so long... and now that I've been, I can't wait until I get to go back.The dude and I decided on Queen of Sheba (well, I decided--he just came along for the food).  I like that they had good reviews, and a website that I could see the dishes before going.  We visited around 8pm on a Saturday night, post-gym time, both famished and ready to eat.  I ordered a glass of Tej, or Ethiopian honey wine, because I wanted to try it.  It reminded me of mead, go figure.We ordered the Vegetarian Combo for two.  The Dude was quite considerate, saying, "I want you to be able to try as many things as you can so let's get that" (a keeper for sure).  When the giant platter arrived with an array textures and colors, I thought, "Man these little dabs aren't going to be enough ...especially since I'm sharing!".  But I was wrong.  We both dug in (literally and metaphorically), pinching the Injera around bites of this and bites of that.  After all, there were enough leftovers for each of us to have another meal from it (including extra injera).Surprisingly, the house salad was one of the most stand-out items to me.  It was simple lettuce, tomato, and red onion with oil, but something about the spices blended with the oil made it noteworthy.  Aside from that, I especially liked the Yatakelt Wott (cabbage, potatoes, and carrots), and the Miser Wott.  Next time I go, I know I'll be ordering a salad and the Miser Wott, spicy, please.The service was reserved but accommodating.  Zodi, the mother and chef, made it a point to come out from the kitchen and visit each table.  She seemed cheery and appreciative of people's business, and she was very nice.  At our table, she remarked on hearing her son pointing out the dishes to us, so she knew we were new to the restaurant.  This was a high point in the restaurant's appeal.  Great customer service, and someone who I could just tell really enjoys serving people excellent food.Overall, this was a unique dining experience that I am excited to have again, and share with others.  As the food is made to order, it's not a quick dining option by any means.  Still, the food proves itself to be worth the wait.  After one glass of wine and the combo, with tip it did come out to be about $20 a person, which is a little pricey for my current budget.  Still, I realize I'm paying for authenticity, quality food preparation, and a dining experience that's different from many other places (not to mention we had leftovers).  This is a definite "return to" on my list!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,12/31/2010,97,68,9,4,7>My family's not big on Christmas so I spent the better part of it curled up on my bed staring into space waiting for my roommate to get back from his family Christmas so I could have a partner in crime for the sad orphaned Christmas trek to find a decent meal and maybe have a couple "i hate the holidays" whiskey cokes.After calling around and scourging my G1 for open restaurants I remembered how awesome Charlie Brown's was and how it was attached to a hotel. I rang, an upbeat woman answered. We got in my car and drove the 2 blocks to salvation. When we got there the place was packed. Dinner special was pasta in a marinara sauce with scallops, mussels, shrimp, and a side of 4 pieces of garlic bread and clam chowder for $14. Thank. You.As always, the waitresses do not eff around. They do their jobs right. There's no dilly daddlin' by the mens battin' some lashes, they are fierce, friendly, food industry servicewomen. I was never out of anything. The food was so great, the drinks mixed perfectly, and there is nothing to complain about.Logan got the jalapeno poppers which are DERRRIICCIOUS with cream cheese and red peppers. I stole some. We had whiskeys and gins and tonics and went to Tooey's.Thanks for saving Christmas, Charlie Brown's!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,12/30/2010,238,144,8,7,9>I know, I know, 3 times reviewing the same place?  Well, have you been there yet?  If you have, you know why.  If not, GO, you'll understand.I use this place as my reward for any physical activity in the Boulder area.  Luckily, I have several friends that feel just as strongly about dining here as I do.To be honest, this review is to say that nothing has changed, and in this case, change is BAD.  So, no change is good.  I realized that in my first review, I talked about "Eggs Carlos" and how they are darn good.  So darn good that I lost the ability to read.  They're actually called "Eggs Marcos".  My sincere apology to Marcos.  Maybe you have a big brother named Carlos, and "Eggs Carlos" could be your dish, times 2?  In my opinion, everyone should try it.  Even vegetarians.  I know, there's bacon.  But if you don't eat this amazing dish, that pig will have died in vain, and you don't want that on your conscience, do you?  Make that pig's death mean something.Also, the blueberry cornbread.  It, like almost anything on the planet, is even better with loads of butter.  They also have fresh squeezed juices, a Hazelnut latte that I could easily drink 3 of, and the shakes I'd get later would be worth it.Lastly, breakfast potatoes,  I mean potatos but spelled it that way just in case Dan Quayle is reading this, he should try these.  You should, too.  In fact, that's an order.  Try them.  If you don't like them, give them to me.  Service here, as always, is ABSOLUTELY FANFRIGGINTASTIC.Seriously, every time I am in the Boulder area at breakfast/brunch/lunch time, I make a point to come here.  It's that good.  I'd even go for linner.  That's between lunch and dinner, one of the 5 most important meals of the day. Now, go.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,12/29/2010,288,412,8,8,9>My name is Larren. L-a-r-r-e-n and I am an addict. How can one, possibly choose between all the various exotic meats stuffed into casings? These are not you grandpas hot dogs. Biker Jim, you are like my food "drug dealer". You show up to various locations with your paraphernalia, tempting every single person around. My first trip to Biker Jim's was out of this world. He was conveniently at the Yelp 2.0 event, so I didn't have to journey too far. I opted for the reindeer dog. A Good choice considering I decided at the very last second.... There were way too many choices. My dog was cooked perfectly. As he was grilling the dog he was preparing the coke onions. Yep onions soaked in Coca-Cola and sautéed. Hello! Once cooked, he stuck it in a bun, neatly stacked some of the onions, and squirted a nice line of cream cheese on top. I'm sure the look on my face was priceless as he handed it over. I didn't need to put anything else on it. Even though Biker Jim has a great selection of condiments. I swear I ate the thing in 3 bites. I can't believe it took me so long to have a Biker Jim's dog. What heck was I doing? Best dog I've ever had. Seriously.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,12/28/2010,212,239,15,13,14>My very first memory of school was sitting cross legged in front of the giant dinosaur in the lobby. When the docent lady asked us what we knew about dinosaurs I waved and shook my hand (I have never been shy about public speaking) and I said with the authority afforded to me by the Flintstones "That the earth shook every time a dinosaur took a step". The lady looked at me with scorn and said "No, that is not right." Bitch. But hey, I learned a lot about teaching from that moment and I even went on to earn a graduate degree in Museum Studies in spite of the insensitive bat. This museum boasts the second largest collection of dioramas in the country and they are magical.  And yes, there are sweet little gnomes sprinkled throughout.. The Serengeti diorama is 3000 square feet alone. I KNOW!  The museum used to do expidetions to locations and the dioramas are actual, real locations. They would go to Africa in the '30s and beyond and *gads* get the animals. The Colorado dioramas are real places. They are working on before and now photographs. This place is evolving in the science of museum studies - rocks and deer crap rule.There are evening events called the "Science Lounge" with various themes. Trust me. These are worth the membership - no kids and lots of booze. Oh, and eye candy cops keeping us nerds all in check.  Thank you Elisabeth for the opportunity to be a first class nerd.  A non-breeders heaven  - and a breeders one too!What most people learn about science is outside of formal education. Go ahead and get your smart on. It will always be the Natural History Museum to me.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,12/27/2010,809,1185,2,8,7>What a FANTASTIC Asian Market!  It must be said that I am not quite up to par with all the ingredients in this market, but I am so willing to try every day going forward.This place is awesome.  All the meat, cookies, biscuits, fish, pickled things, noodles, veggies, plates, and most importantly rice.My friend and I were looking for a great Asian Market and this one is closest to her, a little bit if a trek for me but I will definitely make the trip again just for this place.  We were just there to grab some select items, but I am going back to walk every aisle and browse and buy accordingly.  We got some BBQ pork which was fabulously flavored and yummy, some Vietnamese egg rolls which were equally delicious.  We also ordered tow whole Tilapia's fried to order for .50 a pound.  Let me tell you it was great.  They also have live fish, lobsters, and clams in the back of the store.  A great selection of frozen food that looked great.  Every sauce you could imagine with siracha and hot sauce and plums, and ginger, and whatever else you can think of.  If you like Asian anything you will die for this store.  I highly recommend it.  Maybe I'll see you there.  Come on, you know you wanna go!  Did I mention this place is cheap too.  Yeah, it is.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,12/26/2010,164,180,4,3,5>I had a dream about this place.  I walked in for lunch and was greated by the calm happy person who took me to a small wooden table.  The sun was shining in - unlike the dark clubby Martini Ranch that previously held this spot.  Ghosts from Colorado history were there enjoying our local brews.  I told the server to bring me one of everything.  Colorado native chef Jorel Pierce prepared crispy pig ears, bruleed bone marrow, roasted duck poutines, all kinds of stuff that sounds really weird but is probably really really good.  After ordering all five desserts including Funnel Cake Fried Bananas with peanut butter caramel and Sourdough Waffle Ice Cream Sandwich with salted butterscotch ice cream, I grew 3 times my normal size and woke up because I broke the chair...In my waking life I throughly enjoyed the chicken and waffles with pure maple syrup so I can tell you the breading was light and crunchy and flavorful.  I am very much looking forward to going back to try one of those unique dishes in my dream.  I just hope I don't break the chair.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,12/25/2010,133,398,3,8,6>I'm hooked on this soap like a junkie needs a fix. In my family, we all have sensitive skin and are highly allergic to fragrance oils. While I like many of the fragrance oils, my skin does not.  Amy's handmade soaps contain all natural essential oils and have not broken out my, nor the 2 other members of my family's skin at all. High praise indeed!I happened to find the Olde Crone's soap business through a friend on FaceBook and went to the Farmer's Market the next day with my man in tow. We found 5 bars of soap and bought them to try out. We have had such a positive experience and have continued to purchase her soaps.For a girls' weekend away, I gave 10 of my favorite girlfriends a bar of soap of their very own. Everyone seemed to be excited with their soap gift. Hopefully I have spread the "soap" love to others. This soap is too good to not be shared.Amy (The young "olde crone" who makes the soap) and her husband, Izzy, both vend the soaps at farmer's markets during the summer months. During the winter, the soaps are available online. Amy also does some craft fairs and often advertises those on her website and on FaceBook. I recommend you follow her for deals.We love the soap!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,12/24/2010,66,96,5,7,8>There's nothing hotter than learning how to throw yourself around a stripper pole!  And no, I am not kidding.Tease Studio in Denver is a blast!  It is like one of those studios you see on TV where glamorous people dance the night away and have a blast...only you get to be the glamorous, fab woman!I have tried a few of the classes here, and while the zumba and others are fun, the pole dancing classes are the best.  The instructors are great and really encourage you to have a good time and that helps you to feel comfortable when doing something so awkward at first.  The trick is to come back more than once.  One class is awkward, two classes is much more comfortable and three classes, well, you're a natural!Although it might seem crazy, weird, wild and foreign, if you're looking for a good, fun and different kind of workout I would recommend this in a heartbeat.  Why four stars and not five?  Sometimes the classes are really busy and you only get a short amount of time on the pole.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,12/23/2010,160,455,2,8,5>Drove around N Wadsworth & N Sheridan area post-workout looking for a new place, and stumbled across Thai House, in a little collection of strip buildings loosely jumbled around a strip mall.  First piece of advice: if you're driving around at night in this complex, and you loop in from 80th, and turn right, and then there is another sign after that that says "thai house (right arrow), *do not turn that way*.  That's not the building you're looking for.  Keep going past that sign and turn LEFT. You'll be next to a little strip building with "The Egg and I", "Papa John's", and yay, finally, Thai House.I walked in and, like other people who have commented, the decor is nothing fancy here.  Small tables for 2 and 4 scattered across the floor, and booths typically built to seat 4 along the walls.  Small Thai-design statues and a few prints go along the walls, and the lighting in the place seems to lean towards a yellow tinge, not white.At the order counter, there are 2 small plaques there displaying awards from Citysearch in 2007/2008 for, I don't recall the exact wording, but along the lines of "Best Thai In Denver".  I was somewhat skeptical but it wouldn 't be the first time some small, no-frills decor place had great food.  They also have a $6.50 lunch buffet, and most lunch specials seem to be priced at $5.95.Thai House has all the stereotypical Thai foods here and a few unique looking ones (pumpkin red curry, awesome, gotta try that!), as well as 9 vegetarian dishes on their menu - and 12 different types of salads.  Some of the unusual dishes were "Saiua", which is spicy Thai sausage with ginger, fresh chili, peanuts and lettuce; and "mee krob", which are fried rice sticks with pork, shrimp and tofu stir-fried in a special sauce.  You can order your foods at 5 levels of heat: mild, medium, hot, extra hot, and "thai hot".  After perusing the menu for a good 10+ minutes (there were that many tempting selections) I ordered a small (16 oz) "tom kar kai" (chicken, coconut and lemongrass soup), 2 spring rolls, and finally gave up and ordered the panang curry, spiced medium as well as the soup.  The soup is very flavorful although I'd say it was spiced "hot" versus the medium...no biggie though, it's still delicious and doesn't burn for minutes in your mouth  The rich liquid portion tastes like a combination of coconut milk and cream of tomato soup -- so good.  The spring rolls are great and forego the rice noodles in favor of fresh herbs and veggies, which was a pleasant change (not that I hate rice noodles, it was just a cool changeup).  I ordered pork with my panang curry and the meat was very tender, swimming in a gravy of bamboo shoots, basil and of course, the curry and coconut milk.  It was served with glutinous white rice which suits the dish well, better than normal white rice, I'd venture to say.You can substitute noodles for rice in any non-noodle dish, but it'll run you $2 extra...more than the $1 or even free substitutions in some places.Staff was pleasant, and food came out in about 10 minutes time; 1 order of the curry and rice is probably enough to carry you into 2 meals, almost definitely if you have a side with it like I did.  They do have beer and wine, I didn't observe any hard booze here.Low on pretention, high on flavor -- I'll be back for sure!  It's not the best Thai I've had, but it seems to be solidly good fare.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,12/22/2010,106,322,4,8,9>This place is surprising. I'd never get in the water there, but for the coastal native who wishes for water, Sloan's Lake Park is where another coastal friend tells me that she goes "to pretend that Denver is a city surrounded by water."It has a great view of downtown, looks great and is never super crowded. Best of all for me, there are tennis courts which is how I found it in the first place.A real Denver gem due to it's tucked away location and the lake is the real anchor of that. Probably my favorite park in the city hands down.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,12/21/2010,154,74,2,7,8>My experience here exceeded my expectations! Great service and amazing food, so much yummmmm for my money. Tom's Home Cookin' has some competition. We wandered in here on a snowy Friday night and the place was pretty much empty. We scored a booth table, were promptly served drinks and had our orders taken. Although it took me an eternity to pick 2 sides from the laundry list of home cooked goodness. We were warned it would be 27 minutes until I received my piping hot plate of fried chicken-a nice courtesy if you weren't aware of the time required for really really good freshly fried chicken.Then we waited for what seemed suspiciously less than 27 minutes and were rewarded with 2 enormous plates of food. One HUGE plate of jerk pork with hush puppies and yams and another HUGENORMOUS plate of fried chicken, macaroni and cheese and fry bread. Mmmmm fried. The fried chicken was incredible. Crunchy, fresh, not too greasy, but moist and beyond delicious. Loved it. The mac n' cheese was a perfect amalgamation of all my favorite versions. The noodles were soft like my favorite childhood recipes, the sauce was a balance of creamy and cheesy that landed somewhere between velveeta and fresh cheddar and the flavor was out of this world. This might be my favorite old school, home style, take me back to childhood mac n' cheese in town. Also fry bread+ honey = yum. My boyfriend's plate of jerk chicken got a thorough visit from my fork. I loved the hush puppies (perfect crispy little corn balls) and the yams. But truly I couldn't keep my hands off the jerk pork. Tender, succulent, and juicy, soaked in a sweet and spicy jerk sauce that made me smile. Good food. Not fast. But serious home cooked deliciousness resides here. And it happens to be a 2 minute walk from my house. I win.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,12/20/2010,37,62,4,8,7>Games Games Games. I love to play games. Come here on a weeknight and pick from Apples to Apples, Taboo, Pictionary, Scrabble, Connect 4, Life, Chutes and Ladders, Candy Land, the list goes on. Now I'm sure you're thinking that Candy Land or Chutes and Ladders could not possibly be fun. But as a three year old it was hard to count and move spaces and after about 6 beers you will reach that level of competency once again.  My favorite games are Apples to Apples and Taboo, which inevitably lead to shouting, and nobody seems to mind. The bar is not loud, but not quiet - there's always a dull roar and the jukebox streams a great variety. No top 40 here, and not just oldies either, but indie rock and hip hop and more. The staff here is great, you may get a chance to meet the owner and you'll likely run into Natalie. When I'm at the Atomic Cowboy I never seem to notice how long its been since I ordered a drink because I'm having a great time. There's no rushed feeling about this place, but I never feel ignored either. I love the sweet tea vodka drinks and the pizza and the beer and the ambiance and oh, I just love everything about this place. It's my bar of choice on Colfax.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,12/19/2010,202,266,7,5,6>Do you ever wake up thinking, "Man, I really want some fruit today!"  You get to the breakfast/brunch joint and instead of potatoes, you order fruit (most places will charge you an additional $1 or $2 for this).  Then the fruit comes out...the bowl is mostly filled with old honeydew melon, but they manage to throw in a couple of bland chunks of cantaloupe, maybe a grape or two, and a piece of pineapple.  You take your first bite hoping that it's going to satisfy your every craving.  Instead, you get buyers remorse and ask yourself, "Why do restaurants think these are the only fruits on the planet?!".  You then start to regret that you didn't order the hash browns.  Well, stop your worrying!  Jared and I decided to do brunch at this place a few weeks ago and I decided to go with fruit even though I was pretty sure I was going to be disappointed.  When the fruit came out, there was no honeydew in sight!  There were blackberries, grapes, pineapple, and apples.  The best part is that they were sweet and flavorful!  If this wasn't enough to make me come back, the omelet and hash browns were wonderful.  Our server John K was fantastic and really friendly.  I'm not a pancake or syrup girl but I will definitely be back when I want a nice bowl of fruit and a tasty omelet.They may have had a great day with the fruit so I would still proceed with caution.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,12/17/2010,175,855,3,7,5>OK, truth is, if I am in a comic book store chances are I am either with the hubby or looking for something for the hubby. Still, I have been in enough I know what a rookie like me likes. 1) It was light and bright. I hate the dungeon shops. This one has windows & lights! 2) Its well organized and easy to find things. Collectibles in glass display cases along the walls and comics in the middle. 3) Friendly staff. They greeted us when we came in and helped out when we needed it and generally left us alone otherwise - perfect! Its a busy part of Colorado so the parking lot can get crazy, but it is good spot. I am sure we will be back!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,12/16/2010,175,262,7,8,7>This place is a hidden gem inside a strip mall. My coworkers are sort of obsessed with this place, they can go 1-3 times a week and they don't really do this with any other restaurant.For one, it's super cheap. You can get lunch for $4.99/person. It includes a drink, either two slices or one slice and garlic knots, etc.Two, the cinnamon knots are to die for. My coworker ordered them for our table and they went really quick. They use the cinnabon frosting to dip in. It's amazing.Three, it's fast! You're in, you're out. You order, you sit, you wait for a minute and your food is served to you.This is soo NOT for the person on a diet or looking to eat less carbs/calories, even if you try the salad. The caesar salad looks almost worse than a slice of pizza.This place isn't in my hood and is sort of out of the way from everything in my life besides work. But I'll be back for lunch again. Those garlic knots are delish.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/15/2010,283,243,5,5,9>The music overhead sometimes makes you wonder if you're stuck in a parallel universe. When I was there last night, Bardo was playing a great soundtrack to the drama I was reading online about Wikileaks and Julian Assange. It was a Hollywood thriller in that booth. Assange, the blonde, real-life version of the hacker Merovingian from The Matrix. He's just waiting to bust out of the men's bathroom, ninja-style, with a smirk on his face, donning a bad-ass trench coat. A face with that reads, "Thought I was in Sweden, didn't you, bitches?"Okay, maybe that's just me. But the house provided ample and appropriate ambiance for my daydreaming...or crack in my coffee. I'm pretty sure it's the former. Open super late. The owner is a sweetheart...so is the barista. (The guy barista. I'm sorry, I don't know your name. If you read this - we had a conversation about getting drunk and puking at Horseshoe Lounge).The coffee is pretty good and I LOVE the black cherry soda in glass bottles that's kept on display. (It's like getting a treat from a candy shop after studying for a few hours.)The parking is easy (and CHEAP -- 25 cents for an hour at the meters, until 6pm). Very, very warm and cozy. The booths are the most prized spots in the house - so you might need to stake one out early or bribe the people already sitting at one to pass it to you after they're done. Wi-fi is awesome and doesn't crap out intermittently.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,12/14/2010,57,284,12,7,5>So, in reading the reviews of this place, you'd think that the Second Coming of Christ would be imminent after eating some pork belly dumplings.All I can say is, CHECK MY HANDS FOR STIGMATA, BITCHES!!Holy crap, that was tastiness times twelve. I came here for lunch. Started out with a 'Lost in Translation'- their take on a Manhattan. Now I love Manhattans, but I'll never love again after this drink. They ruined me for normal Manhattans. Their homemade orange bitters really showed through in a subtle zing. I had set up shop at the bar to study some sutras while I ate lunch. The bar was pretty much empty, so I had a bit of room. I ordered the pork belly dumplings, the lobster ramen, and later on a Five Spice Apple somethingorother. Now folks, it's NEVER a bad day when you fall in love with eating a new part of a creature, and this pork belly was absolutely the tits. Very slightly crisp while succulent and soft, I had to use every ounce of self-control that the aforementioned Lost in Translation was eroding to NOT rub the steamed bun all over my body and begin preaching the Gospel of YUM! They were served with a lovely spicey sauce. I loved them. Serially.The ramen was lovely. It had a rich miso broth, and big ol' chunks of real lobster meat. Who'da thought you'd see such a thing? The edamame were a nice touch too. Honestly though, I wouldn't have minded some baby corn. Or some snow peas. I like my ramen a little more veggie-laden, but the taste of the broth was definitely a winner.My second drink, the Five-Spice Wonderthing, was another treat. Great dessert drink- the rim was frosted with a blend of spices, and it was just all-around deliciosity. My server was perky as all get-out. The manager on duty was really nice. The chefs whippin' up all of this delightfulness were really nice. Talked for a little while about nihongo with the manager. You know, I really shouldn't be surprised anymore by the niceness of people here in Denver... but it still just puts a huge smile on my face.In summation, Bones was the shiznittynitsnipplesnapp. I'll be back. Quite possibly even tomorrow for lunch. If my next meal even remotely resembles the WIN-osity of this meal, I'll tack that extra star on.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2010,12/13/2010,68,174,4,6,7>We were looking for a place to have a late lunch and decided that the bun (rice noodle salad) would be a semi-healthy choice. The staff was really friendly and we were seated and set up with water promptly. After that pretty much everything is blur because when the bowl came up with the wonderfully caramelized pig meat and the fried garlic on top with the golden brown corral of egg rolls around the side of the bowl I think I might have actually seen a little golden halo around the bowl. Also underneath all the wonder there were little logs of cucumber that must have come from something the size of a baseball bat. Everything was well-seasoned and cooked to perfection. There really isn't anything else to say besides the fact that I am now trying to figure out how I can possibly make the drive down there at least twice a week.  Newcomers beware this place is usually standing room waiting.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,12/12/2010,22,562,5,7,6>mmm homemade corn tortillas packed full of deliciously tender, greasy meat ... and lots of salsa choices?  Cheap prices?  SOLD!  You just can't beat $1.55 per taco when TWO is plenty!  I ordered the carnitas which was fantastically tender and the asada which was not quite as tender as the pork, but very flavorful.Tacos y Salsas is bright, cheery, and friendly inside.  We seated ourselves and a friendly waitress brought us our menus and took our drink orders.  Coke, Sprite, and other assorted beverages are in a cooler and are the gigantic glass bottles.  The salsa bar consisted of several red and green salsas as well as onions, radishes, pickled jalapenos, and roasted jalapenos.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,12/11/2010,87,291,1,5,5>This place is fantastic. The steaks are delicious (get the KC cut), the service is perfect and the ambience/atmoshere is cool (old school steakhouse meet new school wine cellar). I really enjoyed my time and my meal here. The menu is your pretty standard steakhouse fare (which i like) and I enjoy that every entree comes with an wedge salad. Everything was tasty - even the bread and butter is noteworthy. I REALLY enjoyed my steak - i don't eat steak often, but when i do it needs to be good - very juicy, great seasoning, cooked exactly as I wanted it. The white cheddar au gratin potatoes are sublime. I did not have room for dessert, but they looked fantastic - I was table spying. Drink service is unbeatable they are always taking care of you - even if you are pregnant and drinking mocktails like me - my cranberry soda was constantly getting refreshed even without asking. This is the place to go for a special occasion, I even watched them sing happy birthday with sparklers light up - so fun and festive, I've never seen that before. It was fun, not cheesy. They have a really cool looking wine cellar that serves as one wall - it really modernizes the place. But traditionalists will still enjoy the dark room and masculinity that most steakhouses have. I also enjoy that it still manges to be fancy even though many were here (including myself) bc the Rockies game was rained out and were in stadium attire. It has a good buzz and is not as stuffy and boring as Morton's. My husband and I agreed that we will go back here time and again. We really liked it. And for those of you on the fence bc Sullivan's is a chain - most steakhouses are. It's OK, this place is great.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,12/10/2010,25,154,5,6,6>We equivocated about 4 or 5 stars, but there is a secret that puts it over the edge.  To my knowledge, (this was our only visit) it is not advertised.  But... when my wife asked about which of two things to get, the waitress dropped this on us:"You could get a half-order of the Benny, and then a single pancake."That is freakin' thinking.  I am a total, unabashed, hook-line-and-sinker sucker for sharing food, but when you can share it with yourself? It hardly seems fair.  (In some ways this makes it a small-plate place for  breakfast, which is likewise a fantastic idea.  Is it mine?  If so, I hope the whole world steals it.)They have Third Street Chai (soy milk optional) and their OJ is Odwalla.  Ok.Their Benedicts are outstanding.  I had the BBQ, which is much more than the sum of its parts of BBQ, egg (cooked just right), pickles, hollandaise, muffin.  Sweet, and killer.  My wife had the Ham Benedict, also great.Because we could order half portions, we also tried the Machu Picchu pancake, and the S'mores French Toast.  Both were yummy.  Given how we ordered, the overall meal was pretty sweet, but we thoroughly enjoyed it.The wait was a little annoying - about 30 minutes on a Thursday around 10:30 or 11:00.  The service was good, and the server great about helping.My wife eats gluten free and they have LOTS of options.We will return.  Exciting new (to us) place for breakfast.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,12/9/2010,137,230,3,4,5>A group of us drunk stumbled into this place after a friend's roof-top bday party.  This is a pretty happening bar on the weekends.  You can get some good people watching done here and the staff is friendly.  The drinks are pretty cheap.  I had my Jager bomb cocktails served in a gigantor beer mug for $5.00 and it wasn't even happy hour.   I told the bartender to super size me and he sure did!The bathrooms are kept remarkably clean for a bar that gets jammed pack with people.  You also gotta love that giant ass palm tree in the middle of the bar.   I swear it's a live tree!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,12/8/2010,57,275,3,5,3>I dig the veggie pho and vegetable fried rice here. Dong Khanh has a very extensive menu for Vietnamese food. They've got Pho, Rice, different kinds of soup/stir-fried noodles, various appetizers, hot pot... many more. Veggie Pho - Small $4.50 I think they've got the best veggie pho around the Federal area. You will get more types of veggies here than Pho 95 or Pho 555. So subtly, more bang for your buck! in addition to the typical broccoli, celery, and carrots... you will also get water chestnuts, bok choy, snow peas, and a shiitake mushroom!! I also liked that their veggie broth wasn't sweet like Pho 95's veggie broth. Soupy noodles shouldn't be sweet... Vegetable Fried Rice - big plate $5.95 & packed with so many good stuff! Wonderful plate of freshly stir-fried rice. It's packed with all sorts of veggies, chopped bits of tofu, and the eggs are nicely stir-fried in. The price is great for a plate of fried rice like this. I've had shitty, cheap, nasty, greasy FR before so I know a good when I see it. The store was busy but service was good. When I ordered the pho with the fried rice the waiter opened his eyes real big and said "TWO ORDERS?" .... uhh... I said "well, I'm going to pack some home..." Jeez ~ what's wrong with a girl eating by herself ordering 2 plates?? Dont judge me!! Prices are just as you would expect from the other pho places nearby. They're opened 7 days a week with very easy to remember hours 10-10! :)
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,12/5/2010,79,146,2,4,6>Asefoedita?  Yeah, they have it!  Saffron?  Yep, that too.  Salt & Pepper- like 10 varieties of both.  Still love this place and all the amazing spices we get to enjoy from it.  Cooking is so much more fun when you have all the right spices.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,12/4/2010,186,551,2,5,4>I was looking for a place to celebrate the Mrs. and my fifth wedding anniversary, so I searched Yelp to discover we've not visited this establishment yet.  The reviews seemed great to fantastic, so I settled on Z Cuisine for our celebration.We started off not knowing if we were in the wine bar or the bistro, although we were greeted immediately and sat at a small table.  We got there early to guarantee a table and discovered we were indeed in the bistro.  Ordered cocktails to start: La Vie en Rose for the Mrs. and the Green Fairy for me.  Both drinks were fantastic.  For apps, we went with the Assiete de Charcuterie Maison and the Hudson's Valley Fois Gras de la Maison.  The Charcuterie was nice, although I prefer the Rioja Picnic for a sampler appetizer.  It's not that this wasn't good, it was and technically more advanced, but the flavor of the Rioja Picnic has a wow factor while only the cheeses, crackers, and cherry/rubarb tart were wow factors for us.  Overall though, it's a very tasty app.  The fois was fantastic!  Rich, delicious, earthy, and the combination of the gelee and sauces really balances the richness of the fois.  Unfortunately at this point though, we weren't wowed.For main course, the Mrs. ordered the boeuf bourguignonne and I ordered the cassoulet.  This is where the evening changed.  I love duck confit and order it often when I see it on the menu.  The duck confit here puts all others I've had to shame.  There's a moment in the movie Big Night where the owner of an Italian restaurant down the street from the brothers restaurant yells at the top of his lungs, "God Damnit, this is so fucking good I should kill you!" or something along those lines.  I felt like yelling this when tasting the duck.  This is the most perfect duck confit you can have IMO.  It should be a reference for all others looking to cook duck confit.  Seasoning was perfect, crispy skin was to die for, while the meat of the duck was tender, fall off the bone.  The rest of the ingredients of the cassoulet were fantastic as well.  The beans were cooked perfectly, the cassoulet sauce was fantastic.  To be honest, I could have gone without the sausage, but it didn't detract from the rest of the dish.  Oh, and I love sauteed kale, and this was cooked to perfection as well.  It wasn't wilted, still had the taste of great, fresh greens, but with flavor.  My taste of my wife's boeuf was a fireworks show in my mouth.  Many people talk about the complexity of a good mole and how you have so many different flavors going off in your mouth.  That's how this boeuf was.  Unbelievably tender, the mustards provide just enough kick to balance out the richness of the sauce and the mashed potato.  We both agreed that both these dishes were in the top five main dishes we've had.  Just freaking wow!We skipped dessert due to being just damn too full to bring on more food. (we brought some of our entrees home)  However, we asked our server to take a picture of us to remember the moment--she asked it was a special occasion to which we replied it was our fifth anniversary.  We'd already paid the bill along w/ a very generous tip for fantastic service, and she brought out two complimentary glasses of champagne for us.  We thought this was a very classy touch.Overall, service A+, food A+, (although the apps were merely an A-) wine list A+, (they've got some great little known French wines for cheap and their markup must be only 2x retail as we enjoyed a nice 2007 St. Joseph Rhone for $55 - 07 is widely regarded as one of the best years on record for the Rhone, particularly for Southern Rhone which St. Joseph is not, but I didn't see a bottle over $100 on the list) and ambience is A+. (this is a place that's just downright cool without trying--they're just trying to be French, and it works)Afterwards, we visited the wine bar as well for another glass of vino by the glass.  We got great service there while enjoying our wines.  It was a tad bit warm in there, but overall can't complain.  A wonderful night, and this is truly a Denver gem of a restaurant.  When you want to splurge on some fantastic food cooked extremely well, I cannot give a higher recommendation.  I thought some of the reviews comparing equally Frasca with Z Cuisine had to be wrong, but their not.  This place is right up there with Frasca on the food quality. (wine list and somms on staff, not so much, but there are few if any places that can compare with Frasca on those terms)If you're looking for quick service, you're likely to be disappointed.  This is a French restaurant and things take time.  We were there for 2 1/2 hours without dessert, but never felt rushed, had two apps perfectly timed along w/ our entrees.  If you've not dined true French style, this may be a shock, but their service is spot on based on other authentic French restaurants I've been to.Bravo Z Cuisine.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,12/3/2010,307,575,8,6,8>I really dig this place.  Here's the thing:I am not trying to put anybody in a box, but for whatever reason, people who toke tend to make the best sandwiches.  I have some theories as to why, but I needn't go in to them here.The flavor combinations are great, and I love the little bar in the back of the place.It's a great place to grab a sandwich an a beer, meet or hang out with friends, etc.The staff are very friendly, and they even have live music from time to time.  Great place!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,12/2/2010,65,70,3,3,6>LOVE me some Park Burger.a)  It's in my neighborhood - and I can't complain about my local economy unless I actively support my local businesses and keep $$ right hereb)  the bleu cheese vinaigrette on the wedge salad is DELISH.  I want to fill a kiddie pool in my backyard and go swimming in it.c)  the Croque Burger is sublime.  Yes, I've tried to duplicate it at home - but nothing can quite match Park Burger's moistest, tastiest burger with ham, swiss, and a fried egg.d) sweet potato fries.  sweet potato fries.  sweet potato fries.I have not had the milkshakes YET, but that's because I'm usually too full, so save room for dessert!!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,12/1/2010,89,214,,15,10>I found this place thanks to Yelp, honestly I probably never would have found it on my own. It's tucked back in a neighborhood near the Brighton Senior Center just south of Taco Rapidos.Anyway, the food is great. The burgers are really tasty and the daily soups are a must. For around $7 you get a burger, soup and a drink. Pretty good value if you ask me.The people are amazing, always friendly and kind. I recently took my family there on a day that it had rained. We wanted to sit outside so about 4 of their staff members grabbed towels and quickly dried the tables and chairs located on the patio. Then checked on us every so often to make sure we were still doing okay.I would have to say this is one of the best quick lunches you are going to find in Brighton, hands down.P. S. - For those not familiar with kraut burgers they are a mixture of fresh ground beef, cabbage, onion wrapped with bread dough and baked. Very tasty!
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,11/30/2010,237,324,6,4,6>Oh hell yeah! I've found my Denver bar. It helps that it's right around the corner from my house. I love it's grimey, naughty, sloppy, mellow feel. The staff is all capable.The drinks are poured strong.The pizza is good and better the later in the night it is. The couches...well, let's just not put these under black lights.There are a couple TV's but they don't overwhelm you.The juke box kinda of lacks.It's stumbling distance!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,11/29/2010,683,1119,9,7,8>Oh hella hella yeah yeah! Famous Pizza ain't fancy or highbrow. There is no Gorgonzola with free range organic sun dried gluten free ceramic sliced Roma tomatoes. There's no pedant lighting, decorations of the Appian Way or Caesar frolicking with Bacchus and you won't hear Bocelli on the Bose. This is a corner pizza joint like your Dad went to, with real marble floors and faux marble tables, hand flung pizza crust, delicious and wonderful. The counter staff is one-third indifferent, one third surly and one third filled with disdain. Nothing is fantastic, and yet combined it somehow harmonizes into the perfect neighborhood pizza joint. I love you Famous Pizza, with all my sauce stained shirt as proof. Now shut up, order a slice and EAT.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,11/28/2010,92,352,2,5,5>I am putting this place on my list of Denver must see events for visitors.  Why?  Well first of all it has the largest traditional American music school--instruments, singing, and dancing--between east of the Mississippi and past California.  That gives it a cache to bring in world class acts on their concert venue and they claim to do over 200 a year.  I'll admit I am not a member and not on the donor list.  I go to maybe one concert a year, but with some new found leisure I am going to pick up the pace.  It's also going on my family activities list because they have a HUGE calendar of one day and ongoing classes on almost everything, from voice lessons to ukulele sessions on Saturday.  But most of all, because I have never been to a concert here that has not been positively professional, fun and reaffirming.  For anyone who wants to get a little inspiration for a back to the farm, sustainable, do-it-yourself, green way of life, you can't do better than starting here for the real McCoy.  So to speak.  I went to the Tannenhill Weavers (Scottish Irish roots to American traditional and Appalachian style country)  concert with friends simply because I had a vague recollection that I liked them once upon a time.  The place was packed, they have new upholstered chairs more comfortable than any theater in Denver, and the music was miraculously fine.  You cannot ignore the musicianship that comes through these doors. Even if it's not your primary taste, it's a talent to be learned from and respected.   Want to be inspired by something new?  Try something old.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,11/27/2010,130,843,8,5,4>Fat Sullys = girl's phone number???? The Slice Truck +5'ed this guy's attractiveness last night outside the City Hall club. Hungry drunk girl spies average Joe holding a cheese pizza slice. Too hungry to walk the additional 15 feet, she begs him for a bite. He consents, she gets three bites, he gets 10 digits included area code - sounds like a good deal, right?Wrong! You don't give anyone a bite of your Fat Sullys. It's too good to share with a stranger who might not understand the goodness exiting from the slice truck. I'm fortunate Fat Sullys is in my neighborhood. It makes such an excellent late night snack. I really enjoy their ingredient list - kudos for having feta on the menu. These are fat slices, guarantee to knock your hunger out. Prices are reasonable, service is quick. Be wary - it's hot. You do have the foldable option though, so the hot cheese can be in the center and not the first thing your mouth engages.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,11/26/2010,18,68,2,4,6>I think Gaetano's is the best Italian food I have had in Denver.Made a same day reservation on a Friday.  Parking was not a problem on Friday evening which is a nice change compared to most places.Upon walking in and smelling the garlic and bread my girlfriend and I expected to enjoy good Italian and lots of it.  We were greeted and sat immediately.  We started with the sampler platter which consisted of  sausage and peppers, crisp calamari, hot peppers fritti and fried eggplant.  I had a glass of recommended red wine and it was a great recommendation.  My girlfriend had a glass of Riesling she said it was just alright.The sausage and peppers are spectacular, a little bit of spice and just the perfect amount of seasoning.  The calamari I would have to say is some of the best I have ever had, it was very tender and cooked perfectly.  The hot peppers were great, not spicy at all but full of green chile flavor.  The eggplant was awesome, nice and crispy on the outside and tender inside.  The sampler platter made me anticipate my main dish even more.I ordered the caesar salad and Portada Di Festa - half order of lasagna, chicken parmesan and fettuccine alfredo.  There is a lot of meat and cheese in the lasagna, excellent texture and flavor.  Chicken parmesan was crispy outside and cooked perfectly.  Alfredo sauce had great garlic cheese flavor and the noodles were not over done. My girlfriend had the caesar salad and Cavatelli Pesto with shrimp - ricotta cavatelli tossed with fresh basil pesto cream and Parmesan cheese.  The shrimp were fresh and the pesto was great, not overpowering not too creamy or oily.Finished dinner with a piece of tiramisu to go...  So rich and creamy, good coffee flavor and not overly sweet.Two things that deducted from a perfect dinner experience here:The service was good to start but fell off as the restaurant got more busy.  Empty water glasses and waiting a while for the bill.  The place is not really big, seating is pretty close together with no dividers to divert sound so it gets pretty loud when seating is full.All in all I had a great dinner for two complete with appetizer, salad, wine and dessert for $75.  Not bad at all.  I will be back.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,11/25/2010,389,548,7,16,11>I think it was fate that brought us to the Denver Biscuit Company.  I literally woke up thinking "we should try out that biscuit place inside of the Atomic Cowboy", logged into Yelp, and lo and behold - it was review of the day!  It didn't take too much to convice the Biscuit and Gravy loving boyfriend and we were off.This place was way busier than I thought it would be so we sat at the bar.  I think it was busier than they thought it would be also, because it took a little while to get our order in.  Luckily, the Novo coffee is self-serve and delicious.I already decided to do a biscuit with egg, cheese, and veggie gravy with half the biscuit reserved for jam so I could have my obligatory morningtime sweet and savory.  The boyfriend got the Franklin - fried chicken, cheese, bacon AND gravy - and he ordered a side of eggs. His order came out with veggie gravy and no side of eggs, but they apologetically replaced it very quickly with sausage gravy.  I'm still thinking about the veggie gravy myself, and I don't know why.  The portion was large and it was loaded with shitake mushrooms...like an ultra thick cream of mushroom soup.  The biscuit itself was toasty on the outside, and light and airy on the inside, like a good biscuit should be.Topped everything off with a big bloody mary, and I was a happy bruncher.This place was definitely feeling the weight of being busy and it showed.  But the mix-up was quickly solved with a genuine desire to please the customer, and that really stood out.  On top of that, they comped the eggs and took $5 off of the bill.  It was nice to see a place actually place emphasis on great food AND great service, even in the heat of being busy.Also worth noting was the wacktastic dude sitting next to us at the bar, but that's another story entirely.  Precisely why brunching on Colfax is an experience like no other.If they put a cheeseburger/wing place in the Atomic Cowboy, I'm afraid the boyfriend will camp out and never leave.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,11/24/2010,120,100,6,9,7>Holy. Crap.Oatmeal latte + Novo Coffee = BEST PLACE EVER.-Okay, so offbeat/sketchy location, check.-Novo coffee (you know that I LOVE Novo more than life itself), check.-Oatmeal latte (which the guy makes with such care), check-Cute little place, check.-Will I visit? During the day, yes.-Should you visit? Yes.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,11/23/2010,40,334,4,7,5>Alright, everyone who complains about the lack of interesting, local restaurants in Westminster, put down your Chili's napkins and head over to Cheeky Monk.Cheeky Monk, as the name implies, brings the taste, beers, and experience of Belgium to little old Westminster, Colorado. I started with a flight of beers (the #2 sampler) that included Delirium Tremens, Saison Dupont, Houblon  Chouffe IPA, and Blanche De Bruxelles, a wheat beer.Our very friendly and knowledgeable server explained each beer and after making my way through the flight, I settled on a saison to enjoy my Carbonnade a la Flamande with, which was essentially an amazing beef stroganoff cooked with beer. The flavor was perfect and the beef so tender I almost made it a little too salty by crying from joy.My girlfriend had a very fruity and bubbly Framboise with a monte cristo sandwich, served with the best fries this side of I-70.Everything The Cheeky Monk was perfect. The food, drink, service, and location. Seeing only a handful of fellow patrons I found discouraging, so people, get over there NOW and support this amazing business!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,11/22/2010,100,203,3,6,8>I've made the drive past PS Lounge hundreds of times to frequent the many unoriginal bars of downtown, however, I finally made my bar traveling miles much abbreviated by finally stopping in at this joint.  I met up with a few friends here on a Friday evening and found the interior exactly as I expected.  Dim lighting, jukebox, side room with a pool table, photos of regulars on the walls, and brown leather booths.  Must say that the complimentary shot and the flowers for the ladies is a nice touch.  Needless to say, we were quite certain the complimentary orange shot was absent of alcohol, but hey, it's still a nice gesture.  What really was most appealing was Pete's hospitality.  Whether  he overheard our comments on the liquorless fruit punch shots or whether he is always looking to gratify customers, he offered up a supplemental round of free shots to our table that were indeed infused with a lot of liquor.  Also, his management skills are exceptional as when we had a fifth member of a party arrive at a four person booth, he quickly helped us play booth swap with a single couple occupying a six person booth by the juke box.  My only qualms on this trip to PS Lounge is the fact that they only accepted cash.  At this day in age, people including myself rarely carry cash.  Patrons  without cash have to venture, as we did, down to Goosetown where there exists the closest ATM.  Not sure it's in their best interest to inconvenience customers and send them into the arms of competition.  But maybe the complimentary shot is their way of alluring them back.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,11/20/2010,397,602,3,8,7>Ok, I"m going to be honest here. I'm not normally a fan of "Asian Fusion " restaurants, and I'm an asian food snob, so I can be a hard sell at times, I know.This place was the former home of 975. I had been there once and was not impressed. They have left the bar area the same, but changed the decor drastically.  It has a loungey feel and if that is what they were going for, they sure succeeded.  The deep house/ambient soundtrack in the background only compliments the atmosphere that much more.I've come here a few times now for both drinks and dinner. We came for the Sunday all day brunch special. $18 for All you can eat sushi and sirloin hot rock.  This is probably one of THE BEST deals in town. I didn't think I would love a vegetarian roll so much but I did! The Quinoa roll is amazing. I love the cherry and ginger taste...party in my mouth. The california roll too was delicious because it seemed they actually used real crab instead of usual imitation stuff. I highly recommend the house fries too. I don't normally like truffle oil, but the taste was very subtle.The hot social rock is a great dining experience too, because that's exactly what it is - a nice way to enjoy dinner with a few of your friends. The sirloin wasn't my favorite choice for a cut of meat but I understand it's part of the special, and it actually tasted better than I expected. The sauces on the side complement the meat very well also.  The kitchen seemed to be pretty backed up due to this special so we waited quite some time for our sushi rolls. I understand this is a new place and EVERY new restaurant has kinks they need to work out. I believe this place will only get better as time goes on. The four star review is for the food quality alone.  I have a Groupon that I'm going to use on my next visit to try other things on the menu like tacos, sliders and frog legs.***Quick update-they do not do the $18 All you can eat hot rock/sushi anymore on Sundays
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,11/19/2010,614,1007,3,8,10>I love this place - so cute - great tapas - great wine selection - and great beer selection. It's a can't miss.Adorable decor - sweet tables and local art. It's very intimate without being too sexy. Date place or girls night out.It's almost like a coffee house but with adult beverages.The bartenders were cool as hell and seemed genuinely friendly. Honestly, I'm kinda pissed I never ventured in here before now. So many bars so little time.This is definetely a favorite.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,11/18/2010,119,122,10,12,10>Hey kids, do you live near Capitol Hill? Do you love Vietnamese food? Then do yourself a big phocking favor and check out the new restaurant at Colfax and Grant.After a few reliable recommendations, anonymous and otherwise, the missus, a mutal friend, and I set our sights on the newest pho place in downtown. When it comes to location, Pho-natic knows how to pick them. Since the vast majority of (reputable) pho restaurants are over yonder on Federal Blvd, it was great to find a worthwhile stop in our neighborhood. It's like a haven of heartwarming soup in a warzone littered with porn shops and liquor store. Definitely a welcome addition to the barely-East Colfax strip. Besides prime real estate, the two best things Pho-natic has going for it are their cuisine and their service. First, the service.The three of us walked in the doors of the place at 7:30 on a Friday night, and were seated at the only available table. Our waitress was a model of both kindness and efficiency, and was prompt with menus and taking our order. She was also quick with recommendations with each course, and instrumental in our dessert selection (more on that in a sec). I got the sense that the family staff at Pho-natic are exactly the kind of entrepreneurs you want working a neighborhood restaurant: eager, friendly, and hellbent on sticking around.I also feel obliged to mention that by the time our bill came, it was nearly 8:30. We inquired when closing time was, and our waitress, smiling all the while, said that they closed their doors at 8pm. I really appreciate restaurants that don't try and rush you at the door, even though they'd be within their rights to do so. Class act, Pho-natic.When it comes to the food, I have to say, I was impressed. Like a lot of Yelpers, I'd sort-of sworn off other pho restaurants after finding Pho 95 a few years ago, but this place gives that hallowed soup hub a run for their money. For starters, we split an order of the grilled meats spring rolls: two (big) rolls for four dollars. Totally worth it! I could've easily eaten another, but wanted to save room for the medium rare steak/brisket pho that was on its way.As tasty as the appetizers were, the main course stole the show. It took a while to arrive, as the restaurant was packed an hour before closing, but was well worth the delay. The broth is a little sweeter than I'm used to, but still balances the salty with the sugary. The plate of veggies we were given was the perfect size; enough for everyone, without excess (unlike a lot of other Pho places out there). The meat was tender and very tasty, and they didn't skimp on the noodles (although the missus said she felt otherwise in her bowl, also a medium). Bowl was a good size; I didn't feel like a pig for finishing, but didn't puss out at the end, either. I can't imagine finishing a large in one sitting, though.To finish it off, instead of basking in our belt-loosening pho coma, we ordered a dessert to share. I can't remember its Vietnamese name, but it's the first selection on the dessert menu. Although a goblet full of coconut milk, shaved ice and gelatinous tropical fruits didn't sound particularly satisfying at the time, I'll be damned if it was anything less than refreshing. I imagine this would be a great way to finish off a hot summer day; it reminded me a little of horchata in this sense. Recommended for those in the mood for an unusual but tasty finish to their dinner.All-in-all, Pho-natic proved to be as good as we'd been promised, and I'd like to think we'll be back again before long. Two small gripes before it can earn its five star status: 1.) The eerie silence of a full restaurant. As I said earlier, the place was nearly packed when we got there, but people were talking at an almost whisper level at their tables. Maybe they could take a cue from every other Pho restaurant and cue up some Southeast Asian jams to keep the din a little livelier. A meal with as many slurps, burps and contended sighs as pho definitely demands a little background music.2.) The bowls are a little more pricey than I'm used to. While $7 for a medium is certainly not unfair, it's counterintuitive to the 'cheapest meal EVERRR' draw of pho. However, it's worth pointing out that the rent prices on Capitol Hill have got to be a lot steeper than Federal and Alameda, and in my opinion, the convenience of kick-ass pho within walking distance is worth an extra buck or two.I'll definitely be back soon, Pho-natic. Even if I have to bring my own soundtrack via headphones. I hear Cattle Decapitation goes great with the rare brisket bowl.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2009,11/17/2010,237,363,5,13,9>Just got home from a rockin' show at the Gothic and have to update my review because 3 stars is not nearly good enough for this intimate venue. I am loathe to tell the world this because it will make it harder for me to find my favorite spots but I suggest the balcony. You are close to the bar and the bathroom and have an unmarred view of the stage. This place can be a hotbox so I strongly recommend leaving the heavy coats at home and adding an extra layer of deodorant. The bathroom upstairs tonight was absolutely pristine and line free which made me do a doubletake because that it not what I expect when attending a concert. The bar staff is genial and while the beverages are pricey it could be worse.The parking is still a bit of a nightmare so I recommend carpooling or checking out the side streets but watch out for the resident only Englewood permit action. Don't count out the Gothic when looking at concert venues. They still have great shows like They Might Be Giants and can guarantee a great night of music and merriment.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,11/16/2010,95,287,5,3,7>This bar rocks! I really should come here more often. It seems like the only time I really come in here is during the Underground Music Showcase. I always find myself drunkenly dancing my ass off late night. I guess having the VIP lounge upstairs helps.Anyway, this bar rocks even when it's not UMS season. I love the decor, the size, the bartenders. Everything. It's so rock & roll. Let me recount an awesome story about one of the bartenders here. I wish I remembered his name. Anyway, my brother had just turned 21 that night. We were hanging out all around S. Broadway but when we got to Skylark there was a cop hanging-out at the front. For some reason, he was refusing to let Travis in, even though he was officially 21 after midnight. After a few of us trying to reason with him, someone had the bright idea to go inside and talk to the bartender. The bartender stopped everything he was doing to come out and override the douche cop. He was all, "WHO JUST TURNED TWENTY_ONE? GET YOUR ASS IN HERE!"  It was pretty awesome.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,11/15/2010,18,152,4,7,6>This place seems unassuming.  It's sandwiched between a dollar tree and a scuba shop.  Why there is a scuba shop in a strip mall in Northglenn, I do not know.  I don't think the sign out by the road even says El Sabor Jerezano, it just says "Mexican food."  After eating here, I think they ought to show a little more pride.I went with a chicken chimichanga and my lady got the taco salad.  Let me tell you, both of these dishes were ginormous.  I think they molded the taco salad on a basketball it was so freaking huge.  Not only are the dishes huge, but they are very tasty as well.  My chimi was nice and crispy, and the chicken inside was deliciously seasoned.  My girlfriend also enjoyed her taco salad but, of course, couldn't come close to finishing it in one sitting.  The chips and salsa were also very good.  The salsa seemed to have different tastes depending on where you scooped out of the bowl.  There was some cilantro here, some lime there, some heat over there in the corner; and every bite was tasty tasty.The fella who waited on us was great.  He was helpful, friendly, and always at tableside when it looked like we needed anything.  With 2 meals, we walked out paying about 20 bucks total, which is a great price for the quality and quantity of food we recieved.  I'm definitely coming back here and I'm excited that I found a badass mexican restaurant only a few miles from my house.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,11/14/2010,702,888,1,8,7>I'm so glad I finally made it to this cool newish spot in my 'hood. I'd been looking forward to their coin margarita which did not disappoint. The pink salt on the rim was a nice touch and the drink was a delicious balance between sweet, salt, sour. Mostly I was excited to try their frites which I'd heard a lot about. They were perfectly thin-cut but soft with a toasty crunch. I was really happy a huge plate arrived piled high with them and topped with lots of salt and herbs. I don't like soggy, wet fries and got sad when I saw that my steak juice and blue cheese butter had infiltrated my fries...normally I would consider them ruined. But they still tasted great, perhaps even better, so I was not prevented from eating every single one. I even had to use a fork to clear the plate and normally I'm too lazy for that. BUT this is a steak place and I did like the steak too. Their $17 steak frites is a great deal and a perfect portion and mine was cooked medium as asked, maybe even a little bit more rare which I liked. I was the lucky one at the table with more blue cheese than butter in my steak topping. It paired well with their inexpensive Malbec.I loved the interior with board games in the back, long copper-topped communal bar and especially the open-air table looking out onto the patio. If it wasn't so hot out that evening, I definitely would have liked to sit there. Next time! I'll be back to try the blue smoke burger, fried egg sandwich and 3-for-1 bloody marys on Sundays. I also liked how casual, efficient and friendly the servers were and how quickly we snagged a table with help from the hostess. Our server dropped the ball a bit by not only not knowing about, but disgreeing with my proclamation of their 1st anniversary week-long happy hour and steak frites specials. Leave it to iPhones to quickly resolve these situations! Congrats LoHi and I'll be back to celebrate your 2nd...I know you'll be ready for me this time.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,11/13/2010,204,249,3,8,4>I have had an uber crap-tastic day.  It was about 2pm and I realized I hadn't eaten breakfast or lunch and my stomach started to yell at me.  My office just moved right behind The Silver Fox and some of my co-workers had gone over and told me the food was good.  So, I walked down the alley and grabbed a booth.The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable.  The waitresses were all having a great time and making the place fun.  For the first time all day, a smile came across my face that wasn't faked or forced.  I ordered a BLT and a Coke.  Both are things I hardly ever eat any longer, but a day like today called for bacon, fries and a soda.The BLT was good.  The bread was a tad bit over toasted and was just basic, cheap, thin, white bread.  But the bacon was thick and there was a lot of it and the lettuce and tomato were fresh.  The fries were also nice and crispy, but there weren't many for the extra price.  For those of you that have not eaten here before, take note that the burgers and sandwiches are priced without a side.  Sides, like fries, are extra.  This is nice because on some days I'm sure I won't be so hungry and just a sandwich would be enough food for me.The service I received was excellent.  The waitress I had kept checking on me, made sure I had everything I needed and even chatted with me for a bit.  She even gave me a to go cup for my Coke and I didn't even ask for one.I really wish this place was closer to my house.  It looks like a great place to come and have some drinks and hang out at night.  Anyway, I'll definitely be back.  Especially since I can walk there from work!
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,11/12/2010,267,467,3,7,8>I can't believe I'm the first to review - this place has been putting out this amazing product for more than 50 years.When I was just out of college and moved to Denver to work for Ma Bell, during the holidays the Telephone Pioneers would do fund raising for charities by selling Enstrom's toffee.  I immediately got hooked on the best Almond Toffee on the planet and it would not be the Thanksgiving/Christmas holidays without a box in the house.  I have to ration it carefully though because left to my own devices I think I could easily have a Man vs. Food episode named for me.It's all made in a little shop in Grand Junction but, now, thank God, they have a couple of shops in the Denver area - one in Cherry Creek North and one in Arvada.  But, you can order it from their website, as well, and I frequently send only my VERY best friends a box as a special gift.  I usually keep a few boxes in the freezer (it freezes very well) to take as a hostess gift to holiday parties.  The stores stock a wide range of other diabolically good sweets but for me, it's all about the toffee.Words really cannot describe this stuff.  It's like crunchy almond filled BUTTER (I'm using Meryl Streep's Julia Child inflection as I type this) with a chocolate and almond crumb coating.  I don't even like candy but this is the stuff of dreams with happy endings.  Don't take my word for it - check it out.  Take some money though ($20 a pound) - dreams like this aren't cheap.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,11/11/2010,28,90,5,4,3>I was cogitating 4 stars, but I have to give the Esquire 5, for personal tastes.One, the movie choices are generally very good, and I can't imagine seeing a new Coen flick any place else besides here or The Mayan.Next, the seats do NOT have those generic, plus-sized Lay-Z-Boy seats with cup holders.  You gotta sit down and stick your drink/bag underneath your seat, just like dem old days.  Some people don't like this, but back in the day when we walked to school uphill both ways, it was fine for us, so deal with it (or so says my Papa).Third - and I can't believe I'm saying this - the popcorn doesn't suck!  How weird is that?  A theatre where the popcorn fails to suck?! Fellow patrons are actually people you can engage in conversation while in line, and things are casual/comfortable - there's almost a tinge of camaraderie with the other patrons when you have a full house.  Good for a date, or date night.Big boo to the generic, plastique theatre scene.  Go here or to The Mayan. I still bring my own Twizzlers.  Sorry.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,11/10/2010,242,830,6,9,7>Happy Hour.Happy Hour, Happy Hour, Happy Hour.Monday Through Saturday from 2pm - 9pm.  Yes, you read that right.  And Sundays?  Yeah, ALL DAY SUNDAY.  But what does it mean?? What does it mean?? Is it a Double Rainbow??Yes.  Yes it is.$2 wells and Domestic Pints$2.50 House Wines and some Calls$2.75 Select Calls and Premium Drafts.$7 Domestic Pitchers$8 Premium PitchersAnd a daily food special, too.Their beer selection is amazing, with Microbrew Porters, I.P.As, Ales, Stouts, as well as the usual suspects.  They have Whiskey (of course) "On Tap"  (Which is really just the bottle in a special holder on the end of a barrel, but it looks cute.)  Their bartenders have senses of humor.  (Which, really, is probably the only thing that keeps them sane with Happy Hour/Football crowds like this!)A friend got the Fish n' Chips (See Photo) which was quite good, fresh and hot, and served with Malt Vinegar without even a request for it.  Score.  It is served on a fake little newspaper, which is adorable, and matches with the kitschy Sherlock Holmes / Baker St / Sir Arthur theme.  (Its sort of like Friday's meets Austin Powers) Oh- And they've got a fire-pit outside, surrounded by comfy-cushioned benches for snuggling with a view of the mountains.  I may move in to their patio.The crowd here, from what I've seen, tends to be on the older side, which is fine, just something to note.  Definitely not a young'ns crowd, although that D*Bag Happy Hour Guy is still there.  You know.  *That* Guy.  He's There.   Makes for good comic relief.All in all, though, what could I possibly have to say that's bad about a place with a happy hour like that, a decent amount of Football-Viewing TVs, and decent noshes?Nothing.  It's all good, Baker Street!
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,11/9/2010,35,100,6,7,5>The menu(s) here are like a Xanax...you don't know what to look at.  And, well, that's just fine by me.So many "fusion" places do it WRONG.  They have tons of options, but none of the choices are done particularly well.  It's all sort of underwhelming, and you leave feeling "meh."Here, it's all done well.  The Chinese/Vietnamese/etc. food is outstanding.  The portions are large, and it's never greasy.  The flavors are always concrete, and it NEVER tastes cheap.  You can tell the chefs take pride in the cuisine.  You always feel like you've gotten a good value.The sushi is also done well.  It tastes fresh, and they have TONS of choices.  Beginner rolls, intermediate, and advanced stuff is all there for the taking.  Just trust me.  It's really good.Personally, I like to order a little bit of each.  It's fun, and the staff is always willing to present your choices in courses (i.e. in whatever order you want).  That way, you can have an app, then some sushi, then some Chinese, then some more sushi....you get the idea.  This place really gives you the flexibility to create your own experience with no apologies.On a side note, my dining companion's father is THE Godfather of JH Asian Bistro.  When he walks in, times stops.  The staff fawns over him.  It's hilariously ridiculous.  Maybe it's because he's the only person  who ever orders the quail eggs.  It's just a testament to the staff there.  They remember their regulars, and they take care of them (which can't be said of all places).Just go.  Gawd.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,11/8/2010,121,143,3,6,9>About 3 weeks ago, we decided that it seemed like a good time for Marley and her Chewbacca-howl to get a life-long buddy, and hopefully someone who she can learn to play fight with all the time (instead of the inevitable real fight). We popped in on a Saturday morning and browsed all of the dog kennels. We saw several pooches that we made great eye contact with (and one hilarious chihuahua who kept curling his lip at only me!), and went through the meet-n-greet process with a few. If you're coming on the weekend, you need to be prepared to wait for a while - the visitation business can be a madhouse! After about a 30 minute wait where we amused ourselves watching ditzy kittens hop sideways, we first met a sweet big coon hound who wasn't very interested in us - not a deal breaker though. Then we met the second fella, a German shorthaired pointer who sniffed us once and then took turns trying to crawl into our laps. We were hooked! We spent about 15 minutes playing and cuddling with him before putting him on "hold" for a meet-and-greet with Marley the following morning. Beware, if you can't make it back within 24 hrs, you'll have to take the chance that your dream companion has already been nabbed by a lucky family. The following morning, we came straight back with Marley. By putting your new pal on hold, you sort of get a little more priority over people who are waiting to meet animals for the first time. We still had a bit of a wait, and again entertained ourselves by watching a kitten stare down Marley. (The kitten totally won.) But Repo was shuffled out and we took the two out to a graveled pen on the back side of the building. We watched a few minutes of sniffing and relative indifference, and got a few pointers from the staff member on how to temper Marley's inevitable jealousy and dominance issues. Then Repo walked over to the gate and flipped the latch to let himself out for a jog. Luckily, the boy knows his name really well and came running back as soon as we all shouted it! (I think the poor DFL staffer almost had a heart attack...) They might want to consider a double gate there, like many dog parks. The adoption process was relatively easy: a few questions, a video to watch, info about free vet visits within 15 days, etc. I do find it a little strange that they don't vaccinate for rabies though, and I thought the adoption fee was a bit steep considering he's not a puppy. We didn't get much info on Repo's background besides what shelter he was transferred from, so we were a little concerned about interaction with cats. Also, if you buy a bag of food on your adoption day, you get it for $1 which is pretty sweet. (I wonder if you can buy 20 bags?) Repo had stitches in his ear that were removed before we could take him home, and they also gave some meds for his wicked kennel cough. We took him home and bathed him right away, which unfortunately caused him to shake his head so much that he split his ear back open and had to be taken back overnight. (Right after splitting his ear, we also found out that he can jump a 6' privacy fence but that's a story for another time...) All in all, we were pretty happy with our service from DFL and Repo is fitting in quite well with our furry family. Now quick, run out and adopt a pet!
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,11/7/2010,72,204,7,16,9>So... I realize this place is new (about 2 weeks since opening, I think), but my initial reaction when reading all the comments below could lead to two possible conclusions:A)  Either Cholon had a couple of rough opening days, or...B)  There is another restaurant at the west end of the Mall called Cholon that they went to.Let me quell all fears with this discussion-ending phrase:       CHOLON IS FANTASTIC.       THEY'D GET NOT SIX BUT ELEVENDY-THREE STARS IF POSSIBLE...The chef (and owner) came out twice during the meal to check on us. Whatever problems may have been happening the first week or two, this guy is on it and I have a feeling those problems will be gone if they're not already.Ok.  So here it is...We went there last night (Friday, Oct 22) for dinner with a couple we know.  Made 8pm reservations.  Got there a bit early, so waited in the bar as our table wasn't quite ready.  Hostesses were friendly and accommodating, even though they were pretty slammed.The atmosphere inside the place has a modern Asian kind of vibe.  Very chic - I liked it alot.  Surprisingly not too loud for as crowded as it was.Bar has a lot of cool low seating to wait in, but it actually causes conversations to start.  Kinda nice, I have to say.Getting to the good bits.Our friends arrived, and we were seated quickly, with the hostesses again apologizing for the wait.  The wine list has a well-rounded selection of high quality and recognizable wines.  We ordered a couple of apps to start... got the soup dumplings, the pot stickers and the spring rolls.Oh... my... GOD.  The soup dumplings.  Imagine french onion soup (I'm not friggin kidding) inside a dumpling.  LIterally.  Liquid inside the dumpling, with cheese, the whole nine yards.  Each dumpling is a mini-orgasm exploding inside your mouth.  As soon as I tasted the first one, I sent the server off for another order of these things, as I KNEW they'd sell out of them.They did.  No small wonder.  They're the best app......potentially the best single "taste" of something......that I've had in the last 20 years....and that's not a small feat.  A chef-friend of mine who's cooked in the White House, for the Clintons, Bushes, who's also cooked for Bill Gates and a bunch of other ultra-rich in Europe?Yeah... sorry, Luis.  These dumplings were better. I'm going into hiding.  Luis is going to come after me with Japanese cutlery.  But the dumplings were THAT good.Let's see... the other apps were very good, too, but not as good as the dumplings.The main courses were good.  I got a brand-new dish, the short ribs, and the meat was done to perfection, literally falling apart on its own, and the flavor was amazing.  My wife had the steamed halibut, a healthy but also surprisingly tasty dish.So, to address a couple of the concerns below.Portion size.  Portions are smaller, but much closer to an actual "portion" than most restaurants.  If quantity is the target, may I suggest Macaroni Grille?Price.  I'd say prices were normal for a good restaurant downtown, with quality of food over quantity.  Between $18 and $27 for main courses.Staff.  I think they've gotten their act together.  The bar was still a bit of a wait, but I'm sure they'll get that down shortly, too.  They seemed friendly to me, and I've got a high midwestern standard.Summary...I don't usually write this much.  This place is FAN-TAS-TIC.  Love it.  Love it.  Love it.  My new favorite after last night.If you miss it?  Your loss.  ...and I'm gonna eat your soup dumplings, too. :P
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,11/6/2010,185,251,7,8,7>I had to choose a last meal  the other night before starting a month-long health binge (doctor's orders, woo-hoo).  I chose Kim Ba's egg rolls.They were salty.  They were fried.  They were delicious.  And they were HOT!  Roof of mouth searing hot.  And wrapping them with plenty of cool lettuce, cilantro, mint, cucumbers and sprouts just upped the taste sensation.  Compound that with a little sauce, and wow!I also had the chicken in ginger sauce, which was great!  I'd never had it before.  I'm pretty sure I could make that work with my new diet, but I don't think I could go to Kim Ba and not eat the egg rolls.Why?  Why do your egg rolls have to be SO DANG GOOD, Kim Ba?
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,11/5/2010,459,806,14,16,15>So Vinh Xuong and I - heck, we're friends now- "Vinny" and I, kind of had a difficult start at first. When I first was discovering the wonderful area of Little Vietnam, I stopped in to see Vinny for the first time. I walked around, mouth agape, filling up a bag with baguettes, (3 for $1.25), a loaf of sweet, pillowy raisin-bread, (around $2-3), etc., only to get to the counter, and realize that Vinny is a cash-only establishment. Well, shoot. I turned around, dejected, hungry, and bread-less. Well, not for long.First time I was in the area with cash in hand, I waltzed right in. BBQ pork bun, (amazing!), tapioca pudding, (too set for me), and aforementioned raisin bread, (heavenly, pull-apart wonder). I walk up to the register, plunk down my items, and learn that I am $.75 over. I groan. "It's ok," says the owner, "you just give me $.75 extra next time."I'm pretty sure my mouth fell open onto the counter. What? You're going to let me just owe you? Is it 1950? I agree, I thank her profusely, I leave. The goods are, well, great. So great that I returned shortly thereafter. After all, I owned Vinny $.75. Again, I go in, delighted. This time I choose 3 baguettes, one box of ginger, banana nut caramels, (nice and chewy!), and my favorite, the fried sesame ball. The owner rings me up, without breaking her conversation with a friend, and I try to get a word in edgewise to say "um...I owe you 75 cents..". I manage to eek out the words, and she says "Oh....really?" and without hesitating, charges me 75 cents extra. My conscious is assuaged, and I head out the door. The sesame ball is a little different from the Japanese variety I've had before, which has no filling. This one had what I can only describe as a sweet egg yolk inside, and was much more dense and chewy. Wonderful sesame flavor with a mild sweet filling. Now that Vinny and I are all squared up, I will definitely keep going. Great place with intriguing items of all kinds. Next visit I will have to get a bahn mi!
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,11/4/2010,112,168,11,12,17>HE PUT A RING ON IT !!! But more importantly, it is his mom's ring, and mom has been gone for a long time, so the truth is, this particular ring... well it means an awful lot. Enter Trice Jewelers and the lovely and knowledgeable Heather. I can't thank you enough Heather. My ring is, without doubt, the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. I was not aware that anything could sparkle and shine and look this amazing. I truly was not. The sizing is perfection and I have only walked into 11 doors and/or walls while starring at it today, so far anyway...The service and personal attention and genuine desire they have to understand all of your needs and wants, that's really good stuff when you are making one of the biggest decisions of your life. Trice Jewelers made something that was gonna be awesome, even awesomer!! That's a word right?
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,11/3/2010,95,693,2,6,5>Great food.Very good service.Pleasant atmosphere.$2 Coors in cans.What more do you want? (That is at the bottom of my review.)ServiceOur waiters were friendly and attentive. My beers arrived at the clockwork pace that I had requested. Knowledgeable about the food. Good upsell on my sandwich.AtmosphereEnjoyable patio. I love eating outside in Denver. Some warmth and then a cooling breeze.FoodSuperb.1. Chicken liver mousse. Tasty bread (and lots of it) to spread the perfect mousse and some mustard or strawberry jam (don't mix them).2. Croque Madame. With potatoes? Who would of thunk it? More tasty white bread, new potatoes, prosciutto, thyme béchamel, cave aged gruyere. Fabulous. The egg was perfectly poached.2. Duck Confit sandwich. Pannino style with roasted apple, fig mustard roasted onion, fresh mozzarella. So savory.The negativeNo WiFi. With AT&T imposing data caps I want free WiFi for my iPhone.Bottom lineGet your butt to the Squeaky Bean and enjoy life.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,11/2/2010,73,96,3,4,4>Bacon!!Need I say more? Ok, I will. Beer!!The wife and I have been to billy's a few times now, and have never been disappointed. We used to drive by it all the time when I lived up the street, and kept thinking 'hmm we should check that place out' and finally one day we did.  On our most recent excursion to billy's, (just back from our honeymoon, I might add) the tacos were blooming, the fries were singing, and all was right with the universe. That is to say, the wife got herself some delicious tacos, (branching out slightly from the usual mahis to try a steak!) and myself, being a sandwich man, got a Texas burger (but I asked for chicken instead of beef. Go figure) Wellsir, that burger was piled high with the most delicious bacon and bbq sauce and cheddar cheese, the likes of which this old cowboy has not seen in many a blue moon.Needless to say, Billy's is delicious. Their beers are fresh, their foods are great, and their service is friendly and helpful. Add on the fact that it used to be the mobster's hangout back in the day (or so the pictures on the wall in the bathrooms would lead you to believe) and you've got a mighty-fine hangout establishment. Count me in!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2010,11/1/2010,34,238,12,8,5>If you would've told me 6 months ago that Barker Lounge was a gay bar and Barry's on Broadway wasn't, I would have never believed you.  Man did I have that one backwards.  Even more amusing is that I'd been into the Barker Lounge before but apparently I'd had enough to drink that I didn't even notice.  Here are some highlights of my time at Barker Lounge:1.  Very friendly bartender, very good service.2.  It is genuinely a dog-friendly bar.  There were some cute dogs here too, I fear that I might have too much to drink and try to start up a game of fetch. 3.  There is plenty of parking in the back.  But with drinks this strong you shouldn't be driving.  4.  They have a very large L-shaped patio that looks like a fun place to hang out.  5.  Disco balls. 6.  There are 2 large TV's over the bar.  One was showing House and Garden TV and the other was showing Wrestling.  They really covered their bases on these 2 extremes of TV entertainment.  7.  The restroom situation is a little awkward.  The men's restroom doesn't lock and is not very roomy.  The unisex restroom allegedly does lock.  I will use that one next time.All things considered, this is a pretty cool neighborhood place and it's the last stop on this section of Broadway on the way home.  Odds are pretty good I'll be found in here again.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,10/31/2010,639,447,8,9,12>Holy addicted to a new type of food batman! I had no idea biscuits could be this amazing and life changing. I heard of this place through work and on Saturday, the bf, the bf's brother and I decided to swing down here to check it out. It's located in a small neighborhood and if you aren't looking for this place, or don't live in this neighborhood, chances are you will never just stumble upon it. But I highly suggest you venture out to this little space. It has one table for four, a counter with three chairs, two easy chairs and a couple cozy window nooks. In short, there's not a lot of eating space inside, but there's a lot of sidewalk space outside the building.Now, on to the best part: those frakking biscuits. It's not like I hated biscuits before and now I love them. I've always loved biscuits, but, Seth, the owner and chef has taken the art to a whole new level. Every day there is a new biscuit of the day and looking over what he has planned for the coming weeks, I didn't see one specialty that sounded bad. His sister helps him run the register and take orders and she is unbelievably friendly. And the price can't be beat. I got two sammuches there, a couple drinks and then 4 biscuits to take home (the idea was to eat them Sunday morning, but we couldn't wait and ended up eating them at around 3 in the afternoon) and it was just a little over $20. At a time where it's hard to get brunch for less than $30 a person, this was a refreshing way to have a great, homemade meal, without paying out the ass.I am fairly certain that the bf and I will be purchasing bikes simply to make the bike ride out here once a week to enjoy these biscuits all spring and summer.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,10/30/2010,208,498,9,7,6>So one of my good friends was trying to break a curse, the curse we were calling the curse of the magic, um, stick. I told her that if she resisted the stick for a few days I would buy her a cupcake with a stick on top. Luckily I live very close to Le Bakery Sensual so I knew I could deliver on my promise if she delivered on hers, and yesterday the time came. I had received a cake from here as a gift once, at my bachelorette party, and I was not amused then but I wasn't really amused by my impending marriage either and I guess that's why I'm divorced!! Yesterday I had a much better experience. I popped in about 25 minutes before they closed and they still had a great selection of cakes, cupcakes, and all kinds of cards and party favors. Duly noted for future reference, that is unexpected and awesome. The guy working there was so nice and he made me feel way less self-conscious about walking in and saying 'Hi, I need two cupcakes with sticks on top please'. I must say even though I am reasonably comfortable with my sexuality that did make me blush!! One thing I didn't expect was that they had a great variety of flavors in the cupcakes, for some reason I expected just chocolate and vanilla. I got a chocolate and a marble but they also had red velvet, strawberry, etc. Also, the sticks had different characteristics which I found hilarious. Different colors and accoutrements. That is phenomenal. The nice man there packaged my cupcakes in a box being careful to prop the top open so as to avoid squishing the sticks which was very considerate of him.I took the cupcakes to my friend and she was positively delighted - I guess she thought I was joking. We really enjoyed the cupcakes, I was worried they'd be dry since I purchased them so late in the day but they were surprisingly moist. The frosting was delicious and it was not too thick. The best news about all of this is I think we have finally broken the curse!!! I don't know when I'll go back to Le Bakery Sensual but next time I need a naughty baked good I am totally there.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,10/29/2010,54,44,3,7,4>How has this place not been reviewed yet?? I know what you're thinking..."Is there really a good restaurant in Lafayette?" Well, my friends that's what I was thinking too, but this is a hidden gem, let me tell ya. Our friends brought us here for the first time last night. First of all, all day happy hour on Sunday and Monday, is pretty much the best thing ever. Happy hour is an assortment of appetizers on special, our favorites being the hand rolls, truffle fries and andouille sausage. They also have $3 house beer and wine and $4 house cosmos and martinis.My favorite selling point is that the food is all local and organic and as such the menu changes regularly. Staff was super friendly and this just may end up being our regular Sunday hang out!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,10/28/2010,42,124,3,9,7>This place is quickly becoming my favorite neighborhood bar... but it's so much more than that, too! The first time a friend and I stumbled upon it, we went in for a drink and left with desire to come back soon. Here's why: 1) Fabulous and very well priced beer and wine selection (the mixed drinks look great, too, but I still haven't exhausted the non-distilled options).2) Super friendly bartenders and wait staff -- everyone there has always been enthusiastic to recommend stuff off the menu and serve things up with a smile.3) Nice variety of seating options -- both the bar (which has those nifty purse hooks!) and much of the indoor tables have good views of the TVs for sports-viewing pleasure, and there are quite a few tables out on the patio if you're in the mood to enjoy the warm nights that are still upon us.4) BACON in many of the menu items: it's wrapped around gorgonzola-stuffed dates (this is a must-have!!), in the vinaigrette, hiding among the fries, and, of course, on your burger if you're so inclined. 5) The rest of the menu offers an impressive variety of options, even if you want something without bacon. The soft pretzels are made fresh every day, and -- as I've discovered on a couple of occasions now -- if there are extras left over later in the night, they're more than happy to bestow them upon you rather than just throwing them out.6) The prices are fantastic! I think the most expensive appetizer on the menu is $7 and so far, everything I've gotten is very generously portioned. 7) Two happy hours! I believe the first one is 4-7 and then there's another one from 10-midnight. 8) Foosball and shuffleboard. Don't know if it costs to play either since I've just been a spectator, but it's always a nice touch to have entertainment options like this.So there you go. 8 reasons for 5 stars, and I'm sure that list will grow each time I go back. Thank you, Park & Co., for bringing all the fixings of a classy joint -- without any of the usual pretentiousness -- to our happy (and now happier!) neighborhood.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,10/27/2010,246,749,4,6,8>Dood! $5 for a shot, a beer & a donut? Fabulous! What could make that better? A chocolate-frosted bacon-donut!!!! Heaven!!! This place is Brilliant!Happy Hour at this place is awesome. We rolled in for a drink for a friend's bday. There were some super cool people to hang with at the bar who had finger-mustache-temporary tattoos, yay! A couple employees rolled in who had just got real tattoos down the street, yay! 24hrs on the weekends, FINALLY, an all night grub joint in the hood! Seriously, this is the best thing to happen to Tennyson. I will def be a regular, here!
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,10/26/2010,285,768,3,6,8>I died and went to pasta (and patio) heaven. When my mom was visiting she said she had the hankering for some pasta & I told her I had the perfect place in mind. While we waited for our table, we enjoyed a drink on the back patio. We had to wait a bit for our table, but it didn't bother us being out there. The bar tender was very attentive. The wine list is extensive-the beers, not so much, they don't have any drafts. The patio out front is just as nice as the out back bar, except you do have to squeeze in, it gets pretty crowded.This is a very big menu. It all sounded so good. I had a hard time deciding but I eventually settled on the mustard brie dish. This was the best pasta dish I've ever had. I must say, it takes a lot to impress me when it comes to Italian cuisine. The dish consisted of tomato spaghetti with mushrooms and broccoli and I added tiger shrimp. OMG! It was so rich and creamy and just like I said, the best pasta dish I've ever had. I highly recommend this dish. Our server said it was one of her faves too. My mom had the pasta with vodka sauce and again, fantastic. My husband had the spaghetti with spicy marinara. OK, a word of advice, don't get this if you really don't like heat! He does and it was almost too much for him! He did finish it but I think only because of the numerous bread baskets we requested lol! He did say it was really good, but just a bit much for him at the end. I taste tested it, and I did agree, it packs a lot of heat-and I can stand some heat! The pasta in all of our dishes was so fresh. It was cooked perfectly. I wish so bad we would have had room for dessert! The pasta is so good you want to eat every last bite! Maybe next time.Be warned-they do not take reservations.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,10/25/2010,126,449,6,6,4>How funny, all the other reviews seem to be from people who just happened to drive by The Open Tap and stop in... which is exactly what I did.  Yep, I was driving down South Broadway, looking for something new and exciting, when I noticed a colorful little sign and a cute little patio.  I parked out front, headed in, and breathed a sigh of relief.  It was happy hour.  They have 2-for-1 beers, the beer of the day was Breckenridge Avalanche, a personal favorite of mine.  Score!  It's surprisingly dive-y inside, which I wasn't expecting but loved anyway.  The bartender was friendly but in an unobtrusive way, which is the best way.  The menu looked like average bar food with some weird Russian (I think?) stuff thrown in there.  I like that.  I didn't order any, though, I had a buzz to catch.  Anyway, cute little place to stumble upon, they're smoker and dog friendly on their patios which is a plus for me!  I might be back if I'm in the area.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,10/24/2010,110,737,5,11,7>My wife booked me a spa appointment here for my birthday recently. I got the Basic package, which includes 2 banyas, a front and back massage, and a hot tub treatment.Izba is tucked away in Cottonwood Plaza, just off of 470 and Parker. Relatively easy to get into, but you have to know where it's at or you'll never find it. Their door is off of a little walkway that you don't think leads to anywhere. I think I tried every door before I found the right one.You walk in and you're greeted with a video of an old Cirque show playing. The manager told me that 2 of the therapists there used to be in Cirque, so that may be where the theme comes from. There are also autographed pictures on the walls of a bunch of famous people.It seems small and cramped inside, but that's mainly the foyer. They left the rest of the space for the private rooms.The session starts off with them taking you to the private room (which you never leave for the whole 2 hours) and you disrobe and do 15 minutes in the hot tub. It was super relaxing!Then the therapist knocks on the door to tell you it's time to dry off and get on the massage table and after a few minutes to make sure you're good they come in and massage your back side from head to toe. It was super relaxing.After that she gets the steam room (banya) ready and you go in there with the towel over you and lay face down. My therapist said that it was hotter than it usually was. They normally keep it about 175 degrees but she said mine was over 200, so cracked the door. I don't really know how long you're in there (10-15 minutes?). They come in and put aromatherapy in the steamer and when they do it's like a wave of heat comes in and just makes it that much hotter. It was almost too much, which is what they're going for. Then at the end they whack you with a bunch of heated sticks covered in giant leaves. You'd think it'd hurt a little bit, but it actually feels pretty good. Then they rub honey on your back, which in Russia is used to cure everything.They have you do a quick cold shower to wash all the sweat and honey off, then it's back to the massage table. This time face up. It feels just as good as the back.Then you go back into the banya and shower for a repeat. Again it was way too hot, which was almost too much, but still felt uber good. At the end they cool you off in a very special way, which I'm not going to ruin for you.After you're all done and dressed they sit you down out in the foyer and give you some sliced apple and hot tea and you can stay as long as you want.I'd go back in a heartbeat!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,10/23/2010,245,483,9,9,9>Armed with a voracious appetite, my lovely wife and I ventured out to Kings Land to check out Hans O.'s steamboat/hot pot extravaganza.  We had been to Kings Land once before for dim sum, which we both found disappointing.  However, the excitement of trying something new piqued our interest.  Usually, I am willing to jump into a new cuisine headlong, but the extensive menu of meats and veggies turned me into the typical pusillanimous foreigner.  Fortunately, we had a few experts on hand to explain the menu - basically, you get everything you want.  Easy?  Right.  Step two, the uncooked foods come out.  When the broth is boiling, you stick your food inside to cook.  Simple.  I think it is best describe as resembling shabu shabu, except with more liberal portions.  Be warned that you will be sharing broth with everyone else in your party, so if you don't want nasty vegetables contaminating your meats, be sure to sit away from the vegans.  By far my favorite items were the catfish, squid, lamb, tofu, tripe and pea tips, but I didn't come across anything I really didn't like.  The most surprising delight of the evening was goose intestines.  The fowl bowel was not at all foul, but rather clean, crisp, and remarkably supple.  By the end of the evening, we had feasted on just about everything on the menu and I was fully sated.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,10/22/2010,134,373,2,6,8>Wonderful french pastries and croissants.  Friendly staff.  Delicious Croque Monsieur and easy access with plenty of street parking.  What more could a hungry man ask for?I needed something to try and cheer up a sad friend.  I showed up with a bagful of croissants.  Pear croissants, chocolate croissants and butter croissants.  They went over very well and my sad friend became a happy friend.The only thing that would make it better, would be Parisian-style hot chocolate to go with my croissant.  Until then, I still have reason to return to Paris.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/20/2010,315,429,3,11,9>Alright ladies and gentlemen, after a few months of consistently returning to Las Tortas, I figured it was prime time to update this review.  And bump up my rating!Las Tortas never fails to make my taste buds squeal with delight and jump for joy.  I simply cannot get enough.  I've been working my way through the menu and still have not found anything that does not please.  From the barbacoa to the milanesa, everything here is utterly awesome.What?  You still haven't visited Las Tortas?  You best get over here and introduce yourself to your new favorite guilty pleasure.Yum yum yum-o!
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,10/19/2010,41,106,,5,5>It was 8:00pm on a Friday night, and Kevin and I were starving.  Tired of the same old restaurants and unable to decide on where to go, we decided to go to the first restaurant we found.  Across from the AFW on Wadsworth sat this little place in a strip mall, with "Restaurant" in lights on the side.  What waited inside was completely unexpected.  American standard love songs being sung live in Polish (think Elvis, Sinatra and Dean Martin).  Growing up in a mostly Polish neighborhood in South Chicago, I was very excited by the menu.  Pierogis, Stuffed Cabbage, Kielbasa, Fresh Sauerkraut, everything looked so good!We started with the Zurek soup: Sausage, potato and hard-boiled eggs in a tangy, creamy broth.  I had the Kielbasa, which came out on a sizzle platter with mashed potatoes, a side of sweet cabbage, homemade pickles and a house mustard.  Kevin had the cabbage rolls.  Two huge pork and rice rolls wrapped in cabbage and smothered in mushroom gravy.  The servings were so large that we both took leftovers home.  For dessert we had Blueberry Pierogis, which were served with a sweetened sour cream dip.  Thr prices seem high on the menu, but when you consider the very large serving size and the fact that just about everything is made from scratch, it is well worth it.  Everything here was amazing!  I definitely recommend it, and can't wait to go back!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2010,10/18/2010,154,252,10,4,7>This is a "woman store."  Women were everywhere in here. All ages, all walks of life. Sex and the City? Nah, Texts in the City.  There are lots of former bestsellers, mysteries, chick lit, romance novels, etc.  Not many classic or rare books that are hard to find, but still a decent selection of paperbacks.What I find humorous is that the mystery section is divided into two categories:   "Mysteries by Female Authors" and "Mysteries by Male Authors."  Was there really a need to differentiate between genders?  It's those damn male mystery writers with their damn penises that are screwing up the mystery genre!  I need a book by a broad, STAT!The staff is nice, and you can definitely tell who the regulars are.  There were people calling in to request specific books, and the woman working found the book and jokingly said, "Okay, (so-and-so), see you in 20 minutes?"  and giggled.  Love it.Eclectic bookstore along Colorado Blvd. that I'll probably be back to if I'm in the area, but I won't be making any special trips.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,10/17/2010,212,239,8,17,17>I think heaven just saved a special spot for Aaron and his gang of happy pho peddlers. It was nice to see Aaron again and some of the guys from Federal were on hand as well, as was Aaron's wife.Today was the long awaited grand opening of Pho 95 #2. There was a line out the door the entire time we were there.  Way more upscale than the Federal location - this could be a proper date place before a movie or a stroll in the newly revamped Southglenn.  Prices not any higher than Federal but the menu is larger, the servers are all polished up and decor is down right stylish. There is even a kids menu and more bobas than you can shake a tapioca pearl at.So, no more hungry faces on the south end of town. Good luck to Aaron and the gang and wait, maybe Pho 95 IS heaven and Aaron is sweet enough to let us all visit once in while.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2009,10/16/2010,238,144,4,9,9>First time here was to try ribs several months ago, and today it was to watch NFL football.The ribs were darn good, well seasoned, meaty, and plentiful.  Right in line with 4 out of 5 stars.Today, they had burgers on a BOGO special, so burgers it was.  My football buddy and I ordered the breakfast burger, which had eggs and bacon on it, along with regular burger toppings.  It was a 1/2 lb patty, juicy, well seasoned, on a ciabatta bun.  One of the best burgers I have had.  If you like Cricket burgers, you'll like these.  Fries were also a highpoint.As for watching the game there, when we walked in, we were the ONLY people there (11am game) but soon afterward, the restaurant was full.  Not many watching the game, not like a regular sports bar, but a great place to watch the games.  Service was very attentive, we were well taken care of.  They have all the games on large enough screens (42" or 50", not sure, didn't pay that much attention) and you are close by, so you will not miss any part of your game.The also had drink specials for the games, we both had 2 drinks, and burgers/fries, and our bill came to just under $26, plus tip.  Great value, in my opinion.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,10/15/2010,40,133,10,12,10>I had a dream.  A dream where I was counting lamb not sheep.  Instead of a fence, each lamb jumped inside a warm soft pita bread and turned into wonderfully seasoned thin slices of meat.  Then it rained lettuce and hailed tomatoes that finally turned into a tzatziki sauce drizzle.  When I woke up I was sitting at Gyros King and in front of me was a gyro big enough I needed two hands to hold it up.  So I wrapped my two hands around it and suddenly it was gone.  So I finished off the fries that came with it.  And low and behold there was a tray of baklava sitting next to the cash register looking lonely and unloved.  So I took one back to my table and gave it the most love I could possibly muster as I bit into the million layers of crispy flaky phyllo dough into the nutty sweet layer and sticky sweet glaze.All the while the mature owners which were probably husband and wife went about bustling behind the counter watching a TV show in what must be a Greek channel.  As the man was absorbed and laughing here and there at the TV show, I felt like I was in their home and they just made me a home cooked meal.  Sweet and smiling, the wife took my order and said either thank you or enjoy to me in Greece.  Then she turned around and shouted my order to her husband/cook just like at home.  What a great place and I had it all to myself on this Monday afternoon.Next time I have another dream I'll be sure it includes all the fixings of the complete meal.  I don't want to miss out on one moment!
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,10/14/2010,116,230,2,5,3>[4.5 stars] Jonesy's represents what's great about Denver. It mixes old with new, and casual with attention to quality & detail. The staff knows what they're doing, and they seem genuinely pleased to see whoever comes in the door.Of course the fries are a must. We love the buffalo wings fries (blue cheese and wings sauce). The menu doesn't say so, but they will make a half-order for a table of two, which is plenty. Their udon noodle bowl is the best I've had, anywhere (better than Bones on 7th Ave). Excellent broth, tasty tofu, and a nice housemade hot sauce with a little kick.- I love that Jonesy's offers very few items on the menu: This demonstrates confidence in what they're doing, and gives you confidence that you will like what you get. - I love that so many different types of people go to Jonesy's -- it's good for all ages.- I love that they have trivia on Sunday nights (via Geeks Who Drink). - I love that the adorable old building is on a great corner next to expensive new condos and old homes as well. And I love the tile floor, the tin ceiling, and the funky bar.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/13/2010,194,576,2,9,8>Nearly a year after my last review, I have to say that Little Man  is still a 5 star establishment.  Out of all the ice cream shops in Denver, they are the best. For reals. I haven't been impressed with Liks or Bonnie Brae and while I adore Sweet Action, they aren't consistent in quality, same goes for Red Trolley. However, Little Man is. The perfect texture, flavor, the right mix of funky and normal flavors and a very cute location.Oh and if hot fudge sundaes are  your favorite dinner... erm...dessert  like they're my favorite? Go here. I'm a hot fudge sundae purest: vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream nuts and a cherry. And Little Man's is perfection: their vanilla bean ice cream is heavenly, they use Izzybelle hot fudge which is fantastic and they get the ice cream to hot fudge ratio juuust right.And as I said before, I also love the fact that they give back so much to both the local and global community, I like to "do good" through my purchases. I mean that cancels out the calories I've just ingested right?
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,10/12/2010,94,314,9,4,4>I think Robert Earl Keen said it best:Oooh when I was a little boyOnly one or twoThe first thing I did enjoyWas a plate of BarbequeCHORUS:Barbeque sliced beef and breadRibs and sausage and a cold Big RedBarbeque makes old ones feel youngBarbeque makes everybody someoneIf you're feelin' puny and you don't know what to doTreat yourself to some meat eat some barbequeNow there was a girl I knewShe treated me so meanI offered her my BarbequeShe licked my platter cleanDon't give me no broccoliOr any Swiss fondueBaby if you want to rock meGive me good ole barbequeCHORUSDon't send me to heavenIt ain't where I should goCause the Devil's got a charcoal pitAnd a good fire down belowLet your feet hit the streetFind a good place to eatGet some Barbeque
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,10/11/2010,190,292,4,20,11>Yes, I'm updating my review again. Deal.So I wanted a change, and several weeks ago, I went to Andee and got some red highlights. She asked me how dramatic I wanted them, on a scale of 1-10. I asked for a six, maaaaybe a seven.She did a good job. They looked awesome in the sunlight. But, by my scale, they weren't a seven. I went to work on Monday and not a soul noticed. SO SAD! I qualified them at about a two. After hemming and hawing for about two weeks, I called Andee back. She knew. As soon as she heard my voice, she knew! She scheduled me an appointment, told me she knew exactly how to fix it, and then TOTALLY DELIVERED by doing an all-over color, as opposed to just highlights. Or lowlights. Whatever.I loved my hairstyle to begin with. I love the color now, too. It is absolutely what I was hoping for, and I have been getting compliments on top of compliments about it. Do not be afraid of calling your stylist back if they haven't managed to do what you wanted them to do - lesson well learned. Andee was gracious, humble, and gave me exactly the effect I wanted. Color me pleased.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,10/10/2010,45,43,7,12,11>I'm in love with this place. Not only is this an excellent source of music and cool gifts, but seeing as it was conveniently located across the street from my high school, it also served as the coolest place to hang out after school (ok fine--DURING school, too, sometimes...)The store has everything you could ever want in a record store: a friendly and knowledgeable staff, GREAT selection, vinyl, t-shirts, posters, awesome little gifts, books, concert DVDs, in-store performances, reliable used CDs, cool deco, and jesus magnets. Whenever I go I always get caught up in the first part of the store filled with all the knick-knacks. One day I WILL buy that stuffed rabbit with a mustache-- I'd just rather spend my money on tons of used CDs and vinyl. And money well spent! I've never ended up with an overpriced scratched up turd of a CD or vinyl here, and I can always find what I'm looking for. Nor have I ever received a condescending scoff from the staff member checking out my used Spice Girls and Slayer CDs-- if they're music snobs, they hide it well. All around an A+ record store. If you haven't been, go now!
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,10/9/2010,16,85,5,3,4>not a single thundercat reference in any of the other yelps for snarf's?  for shame people.  i thought you were better than that.  aaanyways...what makes a good sandwich?  the bread.i have a lot of issues with bread standing in the way of perfection at other sandwich places, but i thought snarf's bread was fantastic.  so the obvious highlight for me was a perfectly toasted, crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, slice o' heaven in the form of wheat bread.  piled in between was turkey with swiss, added some sprouts and avocado.  sweet jesus.there is some limited parking in the front, which comes in handy in cap hill.  i see that there were some issues with the staff and timeliness in other yelps, but i didn't have any problems with either personally.call me a first time, satisfied customer.snarf snarf
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,10/8/2010,152,243,10,4,7>Today I walked in the door after getting home from work. My boyfriend casually mentioned that he went to "Tom's" for lunch. When it clicked in my head that he went to Tom's Home Cookin' without me, I actually got upset. I immediately demanded to know WHY in the world he would go without me and NOT pick up a meal for me. He said he thought I wouldn't want 3 hour old food when I got home from work. WRONG. I always want Tom's.I looked in the fridge for the leftovers because I knew there was no way the bf could have finished all his food. No joke, there was one bite of chicken fried steak left and maybe 1/8 of a cup of macaroni and cheese, and some mashed potatoes. I shot him a death glare and proceeded to scrape every morsel of food out of the styrofoam container so I could heat it up. It was as delicious as if it were fresh... now if only there were a WHOLE container of food instead of my boyfriend's scraps. FYI: the deliciousness of Tom's Home Cookin' is putting a strain on my otherwise happy and fulfilling relationship. ALWAYS bring home carry-out for you significant other, unless you want to get into a serious conversation about your relationship and how Tom's = Love.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,10/7/2010,288,412,,8,7>Man O' man, I love cheese! I've been frequenting this little shop for sometime now and I'll never forget the first time my wife brought home some cheese from St Killian's Cheese Shop. Hugh and his wife are great and always willing to let you sample before you decide! He has introduced us to all different types of cheese from all over the world. It would be very easy for me to spend a fair amount of money here and some times we do. There is almost nothing better than good piece of cheese and a fresh baguette. If you remember anything from this review please make sure it's this.....Époisses, ask for it by name.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,10/6/2010,210,385,14,8,7>From Sheridan Blvd, Lakeside looks like the setting for a low-budget horror flick. Rickety-ass roller coaster notwithstanding, the place looks like, at worst, Ground Zero for the coming Zombie Apocalypse. At best, it appears to be the sort of place where you'd be able to score at least six different varieties of crystal meth (does it come in strawberry-banana flavor?) before even making it to the Tilt-a-Whirl. Then again, this is just how it looks from Sheridan. Once inside, it's a whole different experience.Not gonna lie, I had pretty much zero desire to visit this place. I've never even been to Elitch's, and even well-maintained roller coasters really aren't my thing. I'm kind of a wuss, preferring that all my body parts stay attached to their respective other parts (call me crazy). But I'll be the first to admit that Lakeside kind of blew my mind.  What lies beyond those broken-down gates is like a diamond in the rough. All the rides are original, mid-century modern design... my favorite! The signage is amazingly gorgeous and the buildings are beyond fantastic. If you're into this era, you owe it to yourself to plunk down the $2.50 gate fee. You don't have to risk life and limb on any of the rides, just go inside and walk around. Marvel. Enjoy. I mentioned my wussiness earlier, so it shouldn't surprise you that I didn't go on many rides. The Satellite was definitely my favorite, but the sheer "WTF" factor on the carousel is worth mentioning. Sit on an inner horse and check out the paintings on the center hub. Holy. Effin. Weirdness. It's like Mother Goose meets Mistress Leather's Dungeon of Spank. It didn't help that one of my 3-year-old son's favorite words is "nipple." Skip the train ride around the lake (unless you're looking for a quiet moment in which to take a sneaky-toke). It rolls through some shady-ass territory and you're about as likely to catch a glimpse of some random creeper doing randomly creepy things in the bushes as you are a pretty view of the lake.  Though more of the rides were shut down than open (we went on a Tuesday night), the lines were ridiculously short and we pretty much got all the necessary bangs for our bucks. If you've never been, it's totally worth it... if only to check out the S&M/beastiality murals on the kiddie rides.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,10/5/2010,75,150,4,4,5>D Bar is one of those ideas you hear about and before you can stop yourself, you're blurting out "What a FANTASTIC idea!" (Depending on what your favorite adjective is; apparently mine is FANTASTIC!). The great thing about D Bar: It's not just a fantastic idea, it is just as fantastic in action, beauty, service, and taste. Okay, on to the other adjectives my vocabulary possesses...We strolled into D Bar to follow up an amazing meal with high expectations. Thanks to Keegan Gerhard and staff, our expectations were met. (Those of us who are fans of Food Network were a bit star struck, so we asked our server to have Mr. Gerhard join our table for a couple of snaps of our cameras - this made the dessert a bit sweeter). He then asked the table of four females if we liked chocolate (as though the answer may have been something other than "YES!!") and watched as our faces lit up at the promise of free chocolates (a dessert to our desserts!). We got the Molten Chocolate Cake Thingy Everybody Orders (I think that's what it was called...) and also the chickory soufflé which was accompanied by the softest, satisfyingly amazing warm beignets (the name of this one slips my mind - my mouth remembers the perfect amount of richness so much so that labels have become unimportant). Thinking about D Bar makes me want to run a few extra miles this week, just so that I can return without causing irreparable damage to my hips.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,10/4/2010,95,330,,2,6>I am not going to lie to you Sloan's Bar & Grille brunch was a delicious surprise for me.See the snob in me says that Bar & Grille normally equals mediocre or boring.  The snob in me can't help it; she is a judgy b*tch!So, I had read a review from Kate G. about how "Nothing beats their Challah French Toast"; and then noted that they had Bloody Marys.  I sent the link to my bf and ensured him that they did in fact have Bloody Marys, yes I was sure; and so he agreed to go.  I should state that he was only hesitant because he knows about the snob in me and no one likes to put up with her disappointment.So we arrive, find seating on the patio, order some Marys, and food.Kate G wasn't lying about the French Toast, it is delicious!  I substituted the bacon for French fries and they were also on the spot.  The bf devoured and enjoyed his Steak Eggs Benedict.  We both had a Mary that we liked: mine spicy, his not spicy.The only bit of oddness:  The police station is right across the street so you get to see cops running in and out, jumping in their vehicles, and being all around entertaining.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,10/3/2010,260,513,6,9,11>I give my neighborhood chains an extra star if I like them; Oinks deserves an extra star for being A-OK in Park Hill. Mason the owner is also the reason for an extra star. The husband and I dropped in for lunch and Mason said that the brisket was looking mighty good. We took him up on his suggestion and were both pleased. It was fun to try all the sauces and I really liked the vinegar sauce. Oinks stands above some of the other neighborhood BBQ places in the sides department. I had fried okra and sweet potato salad with bacon and the husband had spicy green beans and fries; all were delicious. I will be going back to try more sides like nutty Cole slaw and the ribs. The only addition I would like to see would be Texas sweet tea. Welcome to the neighborhood Oinks.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,10/2/2010,27,89,,4,5>Maybe it was the absolutely perfect Colorado day.  Maybe it was the bottomless mimosa's.  Or maybe, it was just the fact that everyone in our party had a great meal.  Luckily my group likes to share and taste so I got the benefit of trying three different dishes.  The Seared skirt steak, with red mole sauce and scrambled eggs was fantastic.  The steak was juicy and tender, the eggs light and fluffy.   The eggs benedict on a quinoa english muffin was a great twist. The chorizo omelet had a nice amount of heat even if the smoked mozzarella didn't come through quite enough.  It's relaxed, has incredible views of the city, good service, and really good food.  Root Down brunch is definitely a winner.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,10/1/2010,40,76,8,8,5>Fourleaf Chopped Salads - A HaikuDear god I feel fatOne too many hamburgersTasty rabbit foodNow I normally adhere to a strict policy of "if its good for you it tasts like crap" in my daily lunch adventures. But after resisting this place for nearly a year I finally caved. And I glad i did. Fourleaf is nothing spectacular, its the little things that make the difference. The ingredients are all fresh and delicious, but that can be said about a lot of places. I am convinced that the reason this place succeeds is the actual chopping of the salad. All of your ingredients are diced up and tossed in your favorite dressing, yet they all manage to stay crisp and flavorful in the final product (its a process I have failed to replicate at home leading to some instances of salad porridge and puree . . .).The service is fast and friendly and the meal is reasonably prices. They lose 5 star eligibility because of A) the abysmal parking situation, B) The restaurant is the size of a small closet and gets VERY crowded and C) Its a salad place. Regardless, it has found its way into the rotation of tasty lunch spots during my week. Give it a try if your in the area.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2009,9/30/2010,97,68,4,3,6>Throwaway Style is how you'd describe how quickly I spend my paychecks here in Denver.But here's the thing - you just don't see as many inventive, creative, oddly decorated bars in such a small radius. You can walk around the corner to Vita's sophisticated mandarin-orange colored lit bar and see something entirely different, Lo Hi, too. But with Forest Room 5, the second I walked in I knew I wanted to pack a light bag and a tent and go camping with the owner. From the looks of the place it seems like he'd know how to tell a good ghost story.There's a projector that displays movies like Eraserhead or the Olympics in Berlin in the 1930s. Birds, clouds, old clocks with pendulums, a red glowing-eye lit bathroom with someone narrating animal mating rituals and what have you. Logs, tvs stacked on top of tvs all turned to perpetual static, a private party room, dining tables, an outdoor hang out with seating, bonfire pits and sometimes movies play on a screen just above the river.The bartenders are friendly, funny, and serve stronngg drinks. Moderate pricing. I've never tried the food though I plan to one day. Forest Room 5 is a real cool experience and I love to take my out of town friends here and watch their reaction. Kind of like drinking during a hallucination. Take it as it is and you'll definitely enjoy it.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,9/29/2010,103,577,,7,6>Holy wow! This is the best sandwich I have had in a long, long time! On my first visit to Vert yesterday, I was so pleasantly greated by a lovely+cozy atmosphere, an amazing menu, and nice staff. What a great experience! I went with my mom and we split the turkey sandwich with fig, goat cheese, and pine nuts, we each also got a cup of the roasted tomato soup. Delicious with a capital D. Amazing. First of all, the presentation was beautiful! Next, the flavor and taste was really incredible. So fresh! Seriously, some of the freshest tasting ingredients I have had in a restaurant in a while. I was a little bit sticker shocked by the $9 price tag on the sandwich and the $3.50 for a cup of soup, but oh wow was it worth it? Oh yes! I can't wait to come back and try yet another delicious sandwich for lunch!
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,9/27/2010,21,20,3,11,12>We stopped in on a whim before a show at Cervantes and our experience made my weekend really. Personally I wouldn't go to a nondescript soul food joint in Five Points expecting them to have a liquor license or expensive decor, and I surely wouldn't detract stars because of those things. Here's what Coleman's DOES have:1. Huge portions of juicy, flavorful, stick-to-your ribs deliciousness at a cheap price. We split a $12 dinner (4 ribs smothered in bbq sauce, mac n cheese and yams) and it was more than enough food for two very hungry adults. The yams in particular are dangerously good and I had to resist the urge to lick my plate.2. Charm. Owner and cook Henry Coleman loves food and loves people and his joy is contagious. Go during a slow time (they're open till 10 and at 8:30 or so on a Saturday we were the only customers) so that Henry has time to come out from the kitchen and chat you up. His BBQ ribs left me smiling, but Henry himself had me cracking up laughing. His niece was more reserved- she served our food and then went back to watching BET videos at the counter. There are drawings and paintings of President Obama on the walls. If you aren't charmed by these sort of details perhaps you have no heart.3. Location. One easy way to keep Five Points vibrant and un-generic while also pumping in money to keep it from deteriorating is to support the businesses that already exist there.  I'm not sure why Ethel's House of Soul (the restaurant formerly in this location) closed, but I'll be pretty sad if the same thing happens to Coleman's and therefore I plan to return often and send friends there whenever possible.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,9/26/2010,35,160,4,5,6>Buckets and buckets and buckets of talent is how I would describe Buntport Theater.  I'm not much of a theater buff (at all), but I do know that every time I come here I have a good time.  It's like they've bottled the essence of fun and spritzed it all around the room.  I don't even need to know the details of the show I'm going to see here, I can actually just trust that it will be a blast.  My only regret is that I don't come here more often.  Where else in Denver can you sit back with a cup of keg beer and a bag of Cheetos and watch some of the most original theater anywhere?
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2010,9/24/2010,174,419,6,9,7>The thing about places like China Cafe is you have to kind of know what you're getting yourself into before you actually get into it.  Not to suggest setting the bar so low you'll go chow down at Casa Bonita and actually be content (or even "not mind it so much"), but to expect China Town out of place in a strip-ish mall that's next to a Subway and across from a Target, well, no doubt you'll be disappointed.HOWEVER.  To open your eyes (and stomach) and embrace that you're about to pay like seven bucks for entree, rice, AND soup, well shit, son, this bargain just got a lot tastier.  And, to second John H.'s notion, you'd pay about the same at Panda Express yet probably receive less food and it would be even further from China Town (P.E. is glorified dollar-a-scoop and you know it).  A common theme in many of my reviews is "bang for the buck"; I'm willing to settle for a little less in terms of quality (as long as it's not like... health code violation material) if I at least get my money's worth and feel satisfied at the end.Nothing against small plates and tapas, but homey don't play that way until I graduate and get a real job...Anyway, while China Cafe isn't my favorite hole-in-the-wall (see Sidewok Cafe), it is close to my house and on the cheap.  The hot and sour is most acceptable; the veggie dishes I have tried have not disappointed.  4 out of 5 dishes have been a little overly saucy for my tastes, but that in itself works out because I can take home the leftovers, and add more veggies for another meal.Yeah, their delivery system (or lack thereof) is a little wacky, but I don't even bother with it.  Maybe I've just missed the "peak" times, but every time I have been in there's been a table and my food has been brought out quickly and piping hot.  Service is pleasant, decor is... well, strip-ish mall Chinese restaurant next to Subway and across from Super Target decor.  You're not paying $7 for ambiance, people.  You're paying for a quick meal, that is consistently "pretty alright".
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,9/23/2010,70,483,1,15,5>So my house was attempted to be broken into on Tuesday evening and needless to say my sister-in-law & I were pretty freaked. We needed some self defense classes ASAP! So after doing some research, checking yelp, and talking to Amanda T I found this place. WOW!You get your first class free so we went last night to check it out. Very friendly staff, very knowledgeable, and very helpful. My SIL was very timid at first about doing a choke hold on her partner but after a little pep talk from the coach she was off! She started getting more comfortable with how to get out of the choke, how to throw 7 different elbows, and how to protect ourselves ALL in just 1 class! The teachers correct anything they see off so your form is good and you have maximum ability to inflict damage on your attacker.They have a special introductory price when you go to one of their intro classes, which I would recommend as it would save you $30/month.Very much enjoyed our experience here and will be coming back!
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,9/22/2010,263,617,8,4,5>Life is short, although it doesn't seem that way while cleaning your bathroom . . . but I digress (without even having gressed anywhere).Hmmmm. Oh, caffeine. Yeah. That's what this is about. Caffeine. OK.Where was I? Oh, Kaladi Bros . . .So look, coffee is nature's way of getting us happy, and positive, and jazzzed, and I forget what else, but something else.  Coffee from artists, like those roaster-folks at Kaladi's, marries fun together with art. (I guess that would either be "art'un" or "f'art"). Where was I?Oh. So Kaladi's folks make the best espresso in Denver (though you might wanna compare it to Pablo's and Fluid to be as objective as possible; but how can matters of taste be objective? I guess they're both: subjective (ummm, as in "me like you my precious coffee") or objective (ummm, as in "this coffee is well roasted without being burnt" (and me like you my precious coffee)). What's going on?Oh. So at Kaladi's if you show any interest whatsoever in the how and the why of how great their coffee is, they'll be more than happy (now how can someone be more than happy; well,  they could be very happy, but what's the point of being more or very of the thing you simply want to be without anything more than . . . happy? What was I saying?). Oh. They'll be happy to take you in the back, so to speak.Hmmmm. So after showing just a bit of interest in their coffee they took me for a tour of the coffee roasting room. Yes! A tour. In the back, along with an explanation of just why their coffee is so damn fine. And did I mention it is? Oh. So get the Trieste espresso whole bean (not the certified organic Pura Vida . . . not worth it I hear) and rock your world like I've rocked mine (a little too much it seems:-).Love this place. What? Oh.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,9/21/2010,164,209,,11,6>It's true kids, dreams really do come true.  If you lay in bed at night and wish hard enough, your wishes will be granted.  At least, my wish for a store that only sold local,seasonal goods came to fruition in the form of In Season. If it's grown,raised or made within a 250 mile radius of this store, the best of it is in this tiny place.  On my first trip I was able to purchase goat cheese, hot house tomatoes, fresh basil, a heritage chicken, popcorn, honey and flour.  I can't wait to go back and stock up on additional produce, dairy, baked goods, fish and yes even locally made yarn. Shannon, one of the owners is so sweet and she makes you feel as though you are a neighbor, leaning over your fence and chatting about what's growing in the garden.  While it may not be possible for all of us to have an urban homestead or ensure every bite we take is from a local source, shopping at In Season definitely seems like a step in the right direction. Bonus:  Not convinced that buying locally and in season is of any importance?  Stop on by and check out a book from their lending library. After you've read "Animal, Vegetable, Miracle" you may change your mind.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,9/20/2010,14,47,3,22,11>Pho Duy (pronounced Fuh-Zwee), is the best pho restaurant in town.  I am Vietnamese, so I do not make such a statement lightly.  Pho is a very traditional Vietnamese dish, and so I have spent the majority of my life eating it.  My mother used to make a huge vat of broth, and my family and I would eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  With that, I hope to provide a deeper insight to why I like this place, and I hope yelpers will find their pho experience more enjoyable.  First of all, this is a traditional Pho House.  They only serve Pho.  This serves two purposes..  Low overhead, and a simplified menu.  Secondly, the broth often takes on a deeper, richer, and more tastier consistency over time.  This often takes a few days, so if you happen to go when the broth has been simmering for a while, you can easily taste the difference in broth quality.  A fresh made batch of broth will be good, but just not as rich.  So oddly enough, when you happen to patron Pho Duy makes a huge difference in your experience.  It is usually best on Thursday and Friday it seems to me.  Now I want to list a few suggestions that Yelpers may or may not like, but I believe will add to your overall experience.  (1) Before I go to Pho Duy, I usually stop by a bakery called Vinh Xuong, located in the Far East Center on the corner of Federal and Alameda.  There I pick up three small loaves of French Bread (3 for $1.25), and I take them with me to Pho Duy.  The bread is light and crunchy, and I tear off sections of the bread and dip it in the broth.  My favorite thing to do is to tear off an ample portion of the bread, fill it with thin slices of the beef and vegetables, and create a small hand sandwich that can be dipped into the broth and eaten with the noodles.  YUMMY.  Something about soup and bread.  Well worth the 5 min detour.(2) The restaurant offers other type of noodles, not listed on the menu. Since I speak Vietnamese I discovered these specialties.  Pho Duy offers the standard THIN rice noodles that comes with an order, but to change it up, order some FAT Rice Noodles.  The FAT rice noodles are harder to eat, but they are heartier also.  For a slightly different taste, order the pho with EGG Noodles.  Please specify, however, THIN Egg Noodles, or FAT Egg Noodles.  The Egg noodles have a slightly different consistency and richer taste, in my opinion.  The third type of noodle is the "Mien" Noodle or Glass Noodle.  It is a rice based noodle that appears more clear and adds yet another variation to taste and consistency. (3) For a more tastier hot chili, you need to special order a house made chili.  Ask for the "Satay Hot Chili."  It tastes distinctly different from the standard Sriracha that sits on the table.  The "Satay" chili tastes smokier and a bit hotter than Sriracha.  Only try a bit at first, and adjust according to your preferences.  (4) You can ask for your bean sprouts "Pre-Steamed" if you would like.  I prefer this sometimes, especially during winter, when you want the sprouts to come out warm and soft.  Thus when I add the pre heated sprouts to my broth, they don't cool off the broth too much.  And so, with that, I hope Yelpers will try Pho Duy.  Partake in the Iced Coffees and Bobas for beverage options, and enjoy the different combinations of pho bowls.  The Pho Ga (is very tender), but I like the number 9 bowl, with extra meatballs.  :-)
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,9/19/2010,21,194,,4,4>It's right up there with Chada Thai for me - about the best Thai Food in Denver! It took me forever to get here, and I'm sure to be back. My friend and I split a few dishes - an appetizer combo, phad thai, and masaman curry. The Phad Thai was truly the standout - possibly the best I've had! We ordered medium and it was a little spicier than most mediums, but I loved it nonetheless. We ordered the curry with chicken, and boy did they load it up. Again, the medium was spicier than anticipated, but delicious nonetheless. The appetizer combo was good, but nothing on it really stood out as exceptional.In a perfect world, US Thai would be closer, and they'd have alcohol...and the Phad Thai would be exactly like it was today everyday!
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,9/18/2010,27,43,3,8,4>I could skip all the word play and admit that I would freely give four to five stars to any bar that has Deschutes Obsidian Stout on draft. There are, however, other good reasons to venture to Edgewater and find your yourself at the small, but able Providence Tavern. The Happy Hour will be the primary reason when good beer is available. Drafts are only $3 from 3-7 on M-F and that's a damn good deal when you're peddling micros alongside your one Bud Light tap. The selection includes locals as well as brews from Anchor, Full Sail and the aforementioned Deschutes. The bottled beers continue the trend and I'm pretty sure I saw one table order a bucket of bottled PBRs if you're not into the whole artisan beer thing.Service was prompt and apologetic for food not being out yet (though honestly, we hadn't noticed or deemed it an issue). The menu offers a little bit more than your usual bar fare, but upon first glance comes with familiar hits and misses, including not much for those looking to "eat healthy" while drinking unhealthily. I was positively thrilled to be able to get a fried egg on my burger and quite pleased that the burger was NOT a total gut bomb, but rather the perfect size for a combination dinner and happy hour.  I was privately devastated that they were out of their black and tan onion rings (though used that to leverage eating ice cream later in the night). The potstickers on the other side of the table were underwhelming, but it was really my own fault for not informing my lady friend that there's no such thing as a bar that makes good, let alone non-microwaved, potstickers.I was able to drink, converse and watch sports on TV without the overwhelming blare of said sports pumped through the PAs you'd get at most bars that play sports on TV. The place is pretty small and I can see it starting to fill up pretty quickly; especially being the best option along the hip, urban pub crawl emerging along the patio-friendly block that now includes the Cooler, GBs, Walk-In, Sloan's and the love-it or hate-it classic Edgewater Inn.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,9/17/2010,25,56,,10,2>I had a Spa Manicure with Alex this afternoon at the Wash Park location, and she did a fantastic job. I love the decor! This "Shoppe" was smaller than I expected, but they have it set up to make the most of their space. The atmosphere is relaxed, and Alex was incredibly friendly. I called a a few hours ahead of time to make an appointment, and was able to get in within 2 hours of calling. I snagged a latte from Devil's Food across the street (one of my favorite places for brunch, and the best Eggs Benedict in Denver) before my appointment, which was incredibly convenient. I was able to grab street parking relatively easily, and I ended up but a few steps from the door. After Alex was finished, Emily came to spray some drying solution on my nails, and coat my cuticles with some oil. I was a bit nervous about leaving with my nails so fresh, but Emily was an absolute doll, and offered to get my keys and sunglasses out of my bag for me.  I'm used to be able to stay for a while under a "drying" machine of some sorts, but they don't have this kind of situation. My nails still look great (and I didn't smudge them getting into my car), so I am tres content.  I decided to splurge a bit with the Spa Manicure ($30) so I could experience the paraffin wax treatment and massage. My hands do feel soft and moisturized, but I probably will just do the Express Manicure next time around for $15.  I'm planning to return to get a pedicure. They really take their time, and have the most adorable turquoise bowls instead of the jet baths. I can tell this place has a ton of regulars:a few people came in and made appointments while I was in there. I would definitely recommend Tootsies if you want a little more personal, friendly experience when you go get a manicure or pedicure. I don't get these done too often, so the little extras make it that much more of an out-of-the-ordinary experience. Tip: They prefer cash or checks for payment.Tidbit: My wedding photographer, Julie Harris, shot all the photography for their website. She is amazing for weddings, engagement shoots, portraits, etc. Her shooting style with Tootsie's vibe is a great marriage.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,9/16/2010,33,37,3,7,4>I love this cute little French bistro!  I knew I'd like it right as I walked in, and as I walked up, I felt like I was strolling down the Champs-Elysees in Paris.  There's cute little round tables, white linens, and French menu items written on the window that reminded me of the 'cuisine' lesson plan from my 8th grade french class.  Croque Monsieur, Moules Frites, Thon au Poivre- all the classics.The staff seems to have great food and wine knowledge, which I've come to appreciate, seeing as it's so rare in Denver restaurants.The food- oh wow, the food is delicious.  Their moules frites are incredible.  The mussels are succulent and flavorful, and the fries?  I can't even start talking about them for fear of an unplanned emergency Bistro Vendome Fry Run.We also ordered the steak tartar, which had a gorgeous presentation, and a quail egg on top!  So delish.We had decided to order more modestly than usual, so we split one entree- Steak Frites Roquefort.  Perfectly cooked tender steak-covered with blue cheese in a red wine sauce- and more of those incredible fries.  Heaven.After two great dinners here, I can't wait to check out their brunch.  Oh, and more of those fries.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,9/15/2010,342,357,,6,5>I can't believe it's taken me this long to eat here!  I had been in once before for a drink, during Yelp Drinks week, and wanted to go back to try the food.  Finally, this last weekend I went, accompanied by my mother and husband.We all started off with a flight of wine.  It is such a great deal, at $12 for any three 1/2 glasses.  I loved being able to choose which 3 I wanted, without being constrained to one type of wine.  The 3 whites I chose were all very delicious, and complemented the food perfectly.  For appetizers, we ordered the Housemade Burrata (Fresh mozzarella wrapped around home churned ricotta andmascarpone with grape tomato balsamic jam and arugula), and the Angelino plum-almond chevre Flat Bread.  The Burrata was so creamy and delicious, and went perfectly with the balsamic jam.  My only complaint was with the arugula salad....it had a distinct onion taste.  Not exactly sure what it was, maybe chives?  Since I hate onions, I did not enjoy that and chose to avoid the greens on the plate.  The chevre and Flat Bread were so good, and a steal for only $4!My husband and I split the Caesar Salad, which was very good.  I loved the lemon-pepper caesar dressing, and the herbed croutons.  It was also a fairly good size, and plenty big enough to share.For dinner we shared the traditional Margherita Pizza, and the Il David (Naked (of course) three cheeses, herb grilled chicken,artichokes, oven dried tomatoes, roasted garlic and peppadewpeppers).  Whoever thought of putting peppadews on pizza, is a genius!!  Both pizzas were amazing, with very high quality ingredients, and perfectly cooked crust.  I asked for side of their peppadew ranch to dip my crust in....yummmm!!!My husband ordered the Flight of Chambord dessert, and absolutely loved it (even though 1 of the items was sold out...so more of a pairing then flight).  I just had a couple bites, but the chocolate mousse was so decadent and amazing....and I'm not a big chocolate fan!We all had such a great time at Lala's, and I was happy to have had a special evening with my mom, who was visiting for the weekend from KS.  The atmosphere is so chic, yet laid back, and our server Micah was perfect.  She was attentive but not smothering, and friendly but not fake.  She really helped make the evening even more perfect.  I will definitely be back for a special occasion dinner, date night with my babe, or even girls night out.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,9/14/2010,202,82,3,10,8>This place is a great addition to the South Broadway/Baker Neighborhood! Those of us living in the 'hood have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this new restaurant brought to us by the guys behind Mezcal, Sketch, Tambien, Rock Bar & La Rumba.My boyfriend and I managed to get in on opening night after a 90 minute wait. But hey, what's 90 minutes after waiting all summer for it to open? It's pricier than you might expect from a Mexican restaurant, but this is not your typical cheap Mexican food made with low quality ingredients. The chips and salsa were a great start and the tasty selection of 3 different salsas were definitely worth the $2 and my $10 cheese enchiladas were really good. I also had a cocktail with fresh cucumber and watermelon that was nice and refreshing! Food preparation was on the slow side and the entire menu was not yet available on that night, but those are things that will come with time. I think it'll earn it's fifth star once they work out the kinks. The decor seemed kind of rushed but candles and big red lanterns were a great touch. Our waiter was very informative, friendly and attentive, and the staff is definitely what you'd expect to see in a hip new Broadway restaurant.There's no happy hour advertised just yet but we've been hoping for $1 tacos after 10pm like Mezcal. While we were told that may be unlikely, we did hear rumors of a Happy Hour Taco Bar coming in the future!
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,9/13/2010,500,166,2,8,8>I've been going to Helga's ever since it was in that teeny, weeny little spot over on 6th and Peoria. And I am pleased as punch that their spacious new digs are even better!One of my favorite dishes at the restaurant is Wiener Schnitzel. This Austrian-in-origin veal cutlet is of course also very popular next door, and Helga's does it impressively well. They also offer schnitzels in other varieties, like Rahm (creamy pork) or Jäger (hunter's style - with a dark mushroom sauce).Or could Sauerbraten be the dish for you? Long simmered beef in a vinegar-gingersnap marinade, this one will infiltrate your tastebuds in a most pleasant manner.My favorite sides are the Blaukraut (soft and tangy red cabbage) and the through-a-colander dumplings called Spätzle, but you honestly can't go wrong with any of them. Then, finish with a homemade strudel, or maybe some cake. But with portions this large you'll really have to shovel it in.On your way out, stop for a moment in their shop and peruse the offerings available. I like the woodruff-flavored syrup (it reminds me of one of my favorite Russian sodas, Tarkhun), and the very German candy with the oddly Spanish name - Bueno!
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,9/12/2010,133,398,,7,6>Let's start off by saying that I am not a tea snob. Love tea and like to try different varieties, but I will drink all sorts. I happened to find out about Wystone's through my book club and decided to try it while my mother was visiting in December. She's become quite the tea drinker as well and we enjoyed some mother-daughter bonding time. The tea bar offered a multitude of teas to drink and for purchase, has scones and other baked goodies and gelato is served here as well. The kitchen serves soup, sandwiches, typical tea tray items and sandwiches. My mother ordered a soup and sandwich combo, which was very good. We also ordered a tea tray with tea sandwiches, fruit, cheese and two scones served with berry coulis, devonshire cream and lemon curd. Divine scones!Wystone's became so popular that the original location has expanded into the shop next door. The first door is to the gift shop with seating. This side of Wystone's has lots of cards, soap, candles, and other gift items, as well as tea accessories and more loose-leaf tea for sale. The other side of the shop has more seating and the gift shop side has less seating and is quieter, but equally nice.I took a friend a few weeks ago who was in town and we wanted something light to eat while we caught up after several years. We sat in the larger side and the service was just as good as the first time. We ordered a tea tray and it was the perfect amount of food. Some have mentioned that it's a little spendy for tea and that is true. However, with one pot, if it's for one person, you can get two cups of tea from the teapot. Also if you are sharing a pot of tea with someone, you can refills of hot water to have more tea at no additional charge. It's a great atmosphere and the staff seems to be knowledge of their tea. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,9/11/2010,44,188,3,5,5>Now with THREE locations!!!!Ok, you think hot dog stand and a vision of those NY street vendors immediately pops into your head, right? Well Biker Jim's blows everyone out of the water. The dog (sausage) variety is so deliciously unique and tantalizing. Who'da thunk jalepeno cheddar elk, alaskan reindeer, and buffalo would be served at a hot dog cart? Not me, that is for sure. For those less adventurous in their culinary experiences there are also all beef hot dogs on the menu. The dogs (if you so choose, and I suggest you do) are served with caramelized onions and split down the middle and dressed with cream cheese. Oh my stars why have I never thought the cream cheese on a spicy sausage before? There is also a large toping selection and about six saucey like things to make your do your own. No matter where you live find the closest Biker Jim's cart to you and GO!! You will most certainly not regret it.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,9/10/2010,389,548,8,3,5>Holy.  Butter.Walked here with the family (boyfriend and dog) on Sunday for a quick breakfast.  I was craving cinnamon rolls or anything pastrylike in general.If I worked here, they'd eventually have to take some of the butter they're putting into the pastries and grease up the door so I could get in and out.The inside of this place is very tiny and cute and the staff is very helpful.  They have a ridiculous selection of pastries, both savory and sweet.  None of the sweet pastries really tickled my fancy so I went for savory - a cheese and egg filled one with black pepper (I think) and topped with almonds.  They offer two types of chai here: Bhakti and 3rd Street.  Bhakti is my favorite so that's the one I went for.They have extensive patio room in the front including some free standing tables that are good for dogs as well as a fenced in portion.The layers and layers of buttery flakiness encompassing the cheesy egg filling were oh-so-good but oh-so-bad.  Almost, dare I say, a little too rich?  Not something you should eat every day, but a nice indulgence every once in awhile.I was glad we walked so that I didn't feel racked with food guilt for the rest of the day.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,9/9/2010,508,442,3,6,8>Located in the heart of the trendy highlands area of Denver.  You must try the Poutine for $5.95  French-fried potato wedges topped with brown gravy and melted fontina. A Canadian favorite. 1/2 order.. $3.95.  I loved everything about it! Since it's probably not so healthy the 1/2 is enough for 1-3 people.  Then if you go during happy hour all the appetizers are $2 off and they have great drink specials too. The last 2 times I've been here there's been seating on the front patio so that's where I usually sit.  It's a small cozy patio probably not good for groups.  Since I've only been seated outside I'm not even sure what the inside of this place looks like. My mouth is watering thinking about the Poutine.  I cant wait to go back!
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,9/8/2010,119,122,9,11,11>Last night, some friends that were visiting Denver for an Iron Maiden concert took me to this not-quite-Turkish delight for dinner before the show. One of them had dined here before, and could not stop raving about the place's entertainment and menu. And although the list of dining experiences that would cause me to be late for Eddie and Co. is a short one, I must confess, this makes the cut. Mataam Fez proved to be one of the most fun, educational, and--most of all--sumptuous dining experiences I've had in ages.For those of you who are new to the Moroccan dining experience (as I was), here's what you can expect (multicultural pros or 'spoiler sports', feel free to skip this part):-You will sit on the floor. You will probably bump knees with your tablemates. You will get used to it.-You will wash your hands with lemon water, and your face will be splashed with rose water. You will feel strangely refreshed and fragrant.-You will wipe your hands with a hand towel draped over your left shoulder (cultural reasons--stray from the lefthand path). You will do this a lot, since your fingers are your only eating utensils for this meal.-You will be served a delicious, filling five-course meal. You will only select the main course, from a short list of entrees (including lamb, hen, chicken, rabbit, and vegetarian dishes). The kitchen staff will do the rest for you.-You will leave feeling content, not bloated, unless you are a finicky eater, too much of a wuss to sit on pillows for a couple hours, or a combination of the above. If this applies to you, your adventure ends here: turn to page one and start over.Once we got past the short-lived culture shock of this foreign approach to eating (not a bad thing), the food took center stage. For the first course, we were each given a small bowl of the day's 'wedding soup', which consisted of a warm, lentil-based porridge. I literally licked the bowl when I was done. First course, very promising. Second course came in the form of a plate arranged with various chilled veggies, legumes and starches: highlights included the fava beans and spicy carrots. I couldn't get past the 'dirt' taste of the shredded beets, personally, but the rest of the fare was gone in a hurry.The middle course was both the strangest and most savory one of all--we were treated to a Middle Eastern pot pie (forgiveness, please) consisting of spiced chicken, baked in a crumbly phyllo dough crust and topped with powdered sugar. The closest thing I can liken it to on my clearly limited palette would be baklava...it was the kind of dish that would've provoked a gag reflex on paper, but proved absolutely delicious in person! Must be tasted to be believed.Up next was the penultimate serving, or main course. Everyone chose their own entree according to taste (plenty of diversity, in spite of limited selections), and dug in, fingers first. The table shares a 'side' plate of cous cous, veggies, and dipping (?) sauce. Feeling sweet, I opted for the cornish game hen with peaches and almonds. Afterwards, I'm now convinced that the bird is the word at this restaurant. The hen was well done, and fell right off the bone, juices dripping as I raised each bite to my mouth. For those of you who appreciate a well-done round of poultry, be sure to try this dish. The peaches were a mystery, as they had the telltate appearance (and taste) of the Del Monte variety--not what I'd expect for the pricetag here. Otherwise, I was wholly satisfied by my selection, and awaited the final course with a light heart and content stomach.For dessert, entertainment takes precedence over abundance, as our server performed a different 'trick' before serving each one of us our glass of sweet, hot tea. Fancy footwork now behind us, we chowed down on a plate of fresh fruit (slices of melon, orange, kiwi, and a stalk of grapes) while awaiting the bill--anxious not to keep Brucey-Bruce waiting. As other reviewers have commented, the damage at Mataam Fez can be considerable...figure $30-$40 per person. But consider this: When was the last time you got all of the following for thirty bucks while dining out:- A diverse, but undeniably satisfying, five-course meal- A meal consisting primarily of fresh fruit and veggies, and no processed foods- A free dance lesson with a trained exotic dancer (prepare to add the 'tush push' to your dancefloor repertoire)-An educational experience that matched your dining - An extremely diligent, friendly, and patient staff (our server was quick to answer all our n00b inquiries, even asking kitchen staff about the origin of oriental dancing in Morocco)To be sure, I will be back to Mataam Fez someday. The only thing that's holding me back from a five star review is my suspicion that the other entrees cannot stand up to the excellence of the Cornish game hen--and the possibility of fresh peaches hiding from me in the kitchen. Hopes are high. Oh, and one more thing...Scream for me, Morocco!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,9/7/2010,614,1007,,11,11>I give TAG 5 yelp-y stars. It truly does not get much better than this, and for Denver - it is outstanding.The menu is diverse and a treat for anyone's palatte. The service was on point yet not stuffy.The specialty drinks are original and the bartenders take pride in their expertise in "mixology". Granted I don't necessarily want to wait 20 minutes for every cocktail to be given the special attention each one is given here, but they were well worth the wait.I had the hibiscus caiparinha which was good, but the amante picante was ridiculous...off the chain, so smooth with the perfect after-kick of flavor.I had the kobe sliders with gorgonzola aioli, and each bite was like meat heaven in my mouth. Perfectly cooked and the most delicious combination of flavors.I also tried the flash seared Hiramasa which was just spicy enough. The fish was perfect.We stuck with appetizers and tried a variety of things, all unique and spectacular. It is a perfect venue for a date - no doubt.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,9/6/2010,237,363,9,7,9>It's 2am, Saturday morning and I have become fixated on the idea of cream puffs. On a lark, I gave Winchell's a call to see if they were open, expecting the phone to ring a few times and then hang up.Seems like everyone already knows this, but Winchell's is open 24/7. They answer the phone and I am embark on a short journey for aforementioned pastries. This place was packed at 2am. Never having made good friends with alcohol, I had forgotten that when the bars close, eateries such as these become the safe havens for drunkards. The lone donut-slinger did his best to appease the booze-zombies, and the line moved steadily.When it was my turn, I demanded all the cream puffs. He quipped, "You like the puffies." To which I replied, "Oh, yeah, I love the puffies." I also bought some other varieties for my dearest, and eventhough I had way more than 6 sugar-coated-orbs, he only charged me for a half-dozen!This was not my first visit, my first amazing discount from them, or my first midnight snack run, but it remains the most memorable in some time. Granted, I have had better cream puffs before but never any so readily available when you want them most.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,9/5/2010,57,284,8,5,6>Hot diggity dog!Can you say 'best oysters I've ever had'?Well, if you're me, and you just went to Jax last night, you could. And you would. And you'd be sitting on the ground typing away on your laptop while you did it. Which is exactly what I'm doing right now. Damn. Existential.Anyhow. I'm no n00b to oysters. And these were buttery, briney, meaty goodness. We got some of the British Columbia and Washingtons, and they just went down smoother than angel tears. No need for any garnishes- these badboys were perfect just the way they are. Then came the calamari- a little sad because we didn't get any tentacles, but the sauce that the squid was cooked in was more than consolationary. A few beers, a good conversation with the breathtaking Ethiopian beauty sitting next to me, and I was positively glowing with happiness.Didn't make the oyster-aphrodisiac connection until just now. If I would have gotten a phone number, this place would be five-star status.Yeah, I'm that shallow with my ratings. Eat it.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,9/4/2010,100,203,5,6,8>After the Elite Event at Moe's I was prompted by the highest of the Elites to try this place.  Being only a few blocks down from Moe's and not wanting the evening to end, this was an obvious decision.  Honestly, how could the elite of the Elite, lead me wrong?And they came through!  My buddy who is a huge blues, jazz, and old style bar enthusiast now proclaims this his new favorite bar.  From the interior décor of hanging posters and photos that paint the walls, to the dim lighting above and around the bar, to a dated piano, a juke machine, and a large open space for bands and dancing, this place has such a feel of an old time jazz bar.  Oh yeah, they have a bomb hanging from the ceiling that Cindy B was nice enough to point out and explain the details on. The server was even allowing for my buddy to try beer samples before making his final drink decision which took far too long.  Drink selections are good as they have some unique beers on draft.  We spent a vast amount of time wandering down the walls admiring the vintage posters and photos and even checking out the tunes on the jukebox.  There is an upstairs, however, it was closed for the night.  I intend on going on a Saturday night as I hear they have swing dancing.  Maybe then I'll get to check out the upstairs. Thanks to the Yelp Elites, I was introduced to an awesome bar that is by far representative of Broadway and what a real bar should be!
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,9/3/2010,59,256,4,4,5>Desserts! Bring them on if they are from A Grand Finale !!Do not let the size of the cute little shop make you think otherwise! They know their stuff. The pastries are perfect, the cookies always right, the chocolate always ummmm chocolateyMy favorites are : Linzertorte , cannolis and oatmeal chocolate CHUNK cookies. Perfect!Well whats a girl got to do.. I need my fix of all things chocolate and sweet and they answer that call - every time!!
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,9/2/2010,120,100,3,6,6>Waitress: "Do you have any questions?"Me: (whisper) "Actually....I was wondering...what is he having?" (motioning towards the table sitting next to us)Waitress: "The Strawberry Fields French Toast" Me: (whisper) "Ok, that's what I thought."I was so excited to try this place and it didn't let me down!It was super clean, homey, and delicious!  Went there for brunch this weekend. My friend and I shared beignets, and although they were a little pricier for the amount you got, they were still yummy with the four different syrups they brought to accompany them.We were both simple (and instead of getting the delicious looking French Toast) got their classic, "egg, breakfast meat, hasbrowns, and toast (or english muffin, or croissant)". The croissant were perfect, as were the hashbrowns! The bacon was maple-pepper bacon, need I say more??? The coffee also was very good, but not as strong as I'd personally like.Service was great and I can't wait to go back and try their French Toast......with syrup, of course ;)
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,9/1/2010,702,888,3,5,9>I had dreams last night about my meal at Venue and I woke up wishing I was returning tonight for the same exact thing. I was immediately a fan of the spartan, white interior. My mother calls my style "sterile." I started with the potato leek soup and though it didn't have the spice I thought it would from the description (Anaheim chiles? didn't see the bacon either), it did have a few slivers of cilantro that added so much to the lucky spoonfuls that contained them. It reminded me that in spite of my love for cilantro, sometimes subtlety is best and maybe I don't need an entire bunch in my guacamole... Next up, shrimp and grits. This was a big plate of food topped with ginourmous shrimp. Didn't think I would like grits - sometimes I do, sometimes I don't - but was dying to try the green chile puree around the plate's edge. I'm glad I did, it was amazing stirred into the creamy grits and would complement many other things too...eggs came first to mind. Again there were just a few spare cilantro sprigs and I hunted them all down because they added another layer of flavor that was amazing, fresh and unexpected. I'm not the biggest dessert fan and this is one reason I haven't visited many places for Restaurant Week yet. But I do love carrot cake and theirs was incredible due to the salted caramel crust. I could break the top with my fork almost like a dish of creme brulee. It was served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and in a pool of caramel. I could have eaten that crust all by itself. But I didn't, I ate the whole thing.What didn't probably pair best with my dessert but did excellently with the soup and shrimp was my delicious cocktail, the Fontichiaro, made with homegrown chile infused vodka and pickled green tomatoes. To me, this tasted almost like a clear Bloody Mary, my favorite drink, so I loved it. I really need to learn to pickle. Thanks to Yelp Drinks, it was half off! I hope it's a regular on their menu. I snuck a glance at the wine list too and was happy to see many affordable bottles in the $20-$40 range and up.I got a slightly frosty reception when I walked in a few minutes early for a reservation - I couldn't be seated without the rest of my group but was informed I also couldn't stand in the entrance because it's so tiny. I didn't mind waiting outside, but that being the only option, it wasn't presented in the friendliest manner. It won't prevent me from returning though, Restaurant Week had them packed and for good reason!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,8/31/2010,397,602,4,8,6>We want tortas, we want tortas fast. I suggested we drive up and down Federal off 38th and was convinced we'd find something. And..lo and behold we stumble across this place with the word "TORTAS" painted on one of the windows. The torta was filled with meat, sour cream, refried beans, guac and jalapenos. Deliciouso! The carnitas were very tendor and had wonderful flavor.  It's still not as good as Las Tortas down south but will feed a quick fix in the Highlands. They also have $3 bfast burritos and a very reasonably priced dinner menu.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,8/30/2010,235,588,6,9,7>Here's a tip for a crowded weekend attempt at Lucile's- take a pregnant woman with you. You get bumped to the top of the list. No, I am not pregnant, but my friend I had breakfast with is. We started with a beignet each- oh so freaking good and sweet. Then I made my own omelet with andouille sausage and cheese with grits and a famous biscuit. I ate everything, but the biscuit which I took home and ate the next morning. Love this place.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2009,8/29/2010,12,63,4,5,4>I like this place.From what I gather, the owners and most of the staff are a family from Chicago. They are bringing the flavor of one of America's better cities to Colorado, which I wish would happen more often.There just aren't enough excellent Philly Cheese steaks, Miami-style bars, GOOD New York Italian food...and where are the White Castles? It's a bit pricey, but worth it.Make friends with the staff...they won't forget you when you come back.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,8/28/2010,108,232,2,6,5>Sitting at my usual watering hole, bored, with some other regulars, we all decided to take a field trip together and check out the Lost Lake Lounge.  Being a fan of alliteration, I just couldn't pass up the idea.Located where the old Bulldog used to sit on Colfax, under a sign that only reads, "COCKTAILS," I was pleasantly surprised by what awaited us inside.I felt like we were in a secret lodge. The room smelled of burnt cedar from the fireplace. One of my favorite movies, Barbarella, was playing on the TV. We enjoyed hearty whiskey drinks while a young Jane Fonda did a space-age, psychedelic strip tease to the room's indie rock soundtrack. The bartender was friendly. I usually would dismiss someone with that sort of hipster haircut, but he was actually a nice guy, and not some scene brat. Most of the people in the room were friendly, attractive and arty looking girls. Maybe all hipsters aren't pretentiously ironic and annoying. The drinks were strong and served right up until the last minute of legal serving. The room itself was rustic yet clean.They say first impressions are everything, and my first impression of the Lost Lake Lounge is a winner. It's a very nice compliment to the already awesome Colfax bar scene.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,8/27/2010,267,467,5,9,9>Well, we had another great experience at Pho 95 tonight.  The place was hopping and Aaron was in fine form.  Tried a couple of different things tonight.  My friend had the chicken pho (personally I don't get it but he liked it).  I splurged based on previous recommendations and had the filet mignon pho.  Yes, it costs a little more but it was worth every penny.  Highly recommend it for the red meat inclined.  The only sad part was that Aaron confessed that he was going to be working on opening a new place down South and wouldn't be around the Federal location as much.  This is good news, bad news.  Good news if you live out South (he didn't blab about the address and I didn't ask, because frankly the Federal location is about as far South as I like to go).  Bad news, I've been to the Federal location when Aaron wasn't there and it just wasn't the same.  We need to clone him I guess.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,8/26/2010,153,235,7,7,8>I came to try a gyros, and I am coming back to try the Middle Eastern/Moroccan food next time ! The gyros meat was tender and spiced right. The presentation in my "to go" box was lovely. I refrained from eating it in the car this time. I just detailed the car after the last gyros I ate in there. The restaurant was CLEAN...sparkling. And even the ceiling tiles were white and pristine..when I know for a fact that this place has been around for a long time. The owner said for 17 years. It is tucked away behind the 7 eleven, across the street from Mc D's on Mississippi...I have always noticed the GYROS sign, but never thought to try it. I believe that stupid me missed out on years of deliciousness....I am posting a pic of my take out...it is beautiful. You must try  Cafe' Paprika.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,8/25/2010,158,103,2,6,7>I had lunch here today with my boyfriend. Let me tell you....this place is awesome. It's a no frills environment, basic...but perfect. Because the food shines so bright, it's all you need to focus your attention on.We had:Gyro- Beef & LambChicken Souvlaki SaladHummus & Pitaall awesome, and all will be had again. Soon, very soon!I've been to Greece. This place rivals the Gyros I had there with amazing authenticity. In fact, I prefer the Gyro I enjoyed at Melita's over the one I had in Athens! I don't pretend to be an expert on Greek cuisine, but I know what's good...and this isn't good..it's great!Oh, there's also a small Greek market where you can pick up some pretty cool edibles and ingredients for home cooking.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,8/24/2010,79,146,2,6,8>I don't go to this theater often enough.  Yes, the seats are uncomfortable and there is no stadium seating, but the movies they have are the best.  We saw "The Girl w/ the Dragon Tattoo" this weekend and before the movie started we were talking about all the great movies we have seen there.  Really some amazing flix.  Even better, I can get coffee!  Good coffee, too.  The staff serving the coffee (and tix) are friendly and real.  They aren't in some glass box that makes you feel like your talking to an automoton.  It's great.O.K. that's all.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,8/23/2010,185,251,9,9,10>So, have I ever told you that I'm a little nuts?I have this notion that I would love to go back and be Laura Ingalls, only with running water and real toilets.  And washing machines.  Other than that I'm good.  Oh, and dishwashers.Anyway, getting into the pioneer/wild frontier spirit for me is something I need.  And to do that, I love to make and can my own foods.  Including raspberry jelly.  Which brings me back to Berry Patch Farms.You get to ride in a covered  trailer (I pretend it's a wagon) for five minutes while you are taken to the areas of the field designated for harvest that day.  And then you get to pick raspberries.  And pick you do.  My mom and I picked for about an hour in the raspberry field to get enough for jelly.  There are other things to harvest yourself, but we limited ourselves to raspberries.  This was last Fall, by the way.Then you come back to the little farm store,  crammed full of every vegetable imaginable.  They have fresh eggs some days.  They have local honey (awesome!).  They have herbs.  They have a lot of city people who like to gather produce in the fields.Once you decide on whatever else you want, they weigh your raspberries for purchase and check you out.  On the register, I mean, not like at a bar.   Then you take your berries home to make jelly.  And pretend you're a farm girl where this canning is all that comes between you and a long, hard Winter.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,8/22/2010,459,806,5,15,10>Holy cow. Friends met me and my husband here yesterday; we didn't know what to expect except hopefully good food, since we had never been here before. My husband and I waited for a while and saw the owners attend to the other family in the restaurant. We got some water and menus and started exploring. (Point of interest- I actually really like the big plastic cups they give you for water. They remind me of college parties. Not what i was expecting in an authentic Chinese restaurant, but hey)Friends arrive and we order. The incredibly sweet woman/owner (who I want as my grandmother) came over to take our order. We started with Xiao Long Bao and potstickers and asked if that would be enough dumplings for four people. She paused a second and then told us we had enough food for 1/2 person. We laughed and kept ordering- cold sesame noodles, (her suggestion); two orders of wonton soup; one vegetarian noodle soup. Every time we ordered something, the owner would update her tally as to how many people we could now feed. I think we ended up at 5. We waited a few minutes and then the potstickers showed up. I know everyone talks about Xiao Long Bao here, and they were good, but wow, these potstickers were amazing. The bottoms were so wonderfully crispy and flavorful. The filling and wrapper and wonderful crispiness just combined for an amazing flavor. I dunked them in some soy sauce and chili paste and I would have been happy eating just those. The Xiao Long Bao came a few minutes after. These are definitely unique- delicate dumpling skin outside; pork filling and broth inside. I really wasn't expecting the broth to be so sweet but it worked surprisingly well. I'm glad we got them because it was a nice change for the palate, but I would be very happy just having potstickers as well.At this point I am already full, and then the other owner, (who I want to adopt as my grandfather) came with our food. He delivered my friends' cold sesame noodle dish and set down a pot of chopped garlic and a bottle of chili oil. He motioned for my friend to add garlic to his noodles, and so my friend did. "More!" said the owner. So, my friend added more. This went on for a minute, followed by a similar scene around the chili oil. When my friend had seasoned to everyone's tastes, the owner came over and started tossing the noodles around to mix all the flavors. Then, he delivered the rest of our food. My friend's cold sesame noodles were VERY good- almost peanutty flavor, lots of white meat chicken, it was very good. My friend and husband both got the wonton soup and I would definitely get that when I return. The broth was totally clear, and had a very delicate flavor that tasted like the best egg drop soup broth I've ever had. My vegetarian noodle soup was mostly a vessel for freshly made noodles. Nice broth flavor and lots of shredded cabbage and green veggies. I was really hoping for some carrot and some bok choy, but oh well. This was such an amazing experience and I cannot wait to go back. Well, except that I can go eat my leftovers right now!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,8/21/2010,112,168,3,2,18>This review is mainly about the Pepsi Center's box office and the experience I just had over there. Although I will add I have been here several times and always had fun. Taking my kids to see Hannah Montana was one of the funnest nights of my entire life.... who knew?This, however  is a story of another day, today in fact... So my youngest daughter was given a voucher for two free Denver Nuggets tickets from a school event. We went down to the box office to redeem them this afternoon and she could hardly contain herself. Jessie plays the game of basketball herself and has never been to a professional sports game of any kind. As I approached the lady at the ticket counter, I said "Hello, how are you?" I try my very best to be as kindly to anyone I encounter on a daily basis and not just like they are providing some sort of service. I asked to please redeem the voucher and asked if I could also purchase a third ticket for my other daughter, with seats all together so we could go as a family. She looked at her computer, found us some seats and placed three tickets in an envelope and smiled and said.... "Here you go, I gave you the third one for free, just look at the price, it's crazy!" The ticket cost was close to 70 DOLLARS!!! I had NO IDEA it cost so much to see a basketball game. As some of you may know, my daughter and I have had a really bad basketball related few days. She is just now bouncing back from a horrible, traumatic experience and what this woman did for us today actually made me cry. Yep, I got in my car and cried. I would NEVER EVER have been able to afford getting my other daughter that ticket and the simple kindness of a stranger means that after a few days of hell my kids can simple go and watch and cheer and be the happy children they deserve to be. I could not be more grateful to whoever you are, sweet stranger. You have restored my faith in the world.As we left the building, Jessie looked up and said is it alright if I freak out now mama??? My response .... YES!!! She jumped all around and hooted and hollered and high- fived thin air and she hasn't even been to the game yet! Sometimes what seems so small to one, can mean the universe to another.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,8/20/2010,95,693,7,10,8>First, let me get my gripes out of the way.1. The word "complement" was misspelled on the menu. As a confirmed Grammar Nazi that just drives me crazy.2. Alcoholic drinks service was slow. Both times during the meal. The best way for a restaurant to make money is to deliver the high-margins items as quickly as possible in hopes that you will order more. They did not accomplish this.Now, on to the compliments.1. Excellent corned beef hash. High ratio of beef to potato. My eggs were perfectly sunny-side up. The portion size was just right. Not too much so I would over eat and not too little so I was starving after completion.2. Friendly, cheerful and attentive service from all who attended to our table. I spilled some "maple" syrup and it was cleaned up within 20 seconds of detection by the waitstaff.3. "Cool" atmosphere if you are into the 1950s. I grew up in the 50s and don't think they were that cool. But, I do like their attempt at creating a certain style.4. A good vibe. Every table was full and everyone seemed to having a good time.5. Excellent accuracy at estimating how long your wait will be after you give up your name. They said 1.25 -1.5 hours and were spot on.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,8/19/2010,35,100,9,11,9>They came from....hell.  (In a good way).No, I'm not talking about the questionably tacky interior of this place.  I'm talking about the "little devils," which are a take-out MUST if you either live in the area or are passing through.  They're like little canolis, but they pack some serious heat due to the spicy peppers they roll them up with.  Order several, because one won't be enough.  The dough they use tastes really hearty, and the sausage is legit spicy italian sausage (not the cheap knock-off stuff some places are using these days).  Order them with a side of the red sauce because it'll moisten them right up (some of them can be a little dry sometimes, but that's not the usual case).I've never dined in at this place, and I'm positive I never will.  However, those damn little spicy devils will be in my take-out top 10 for some time to come.Tip - get them earlier on in the evening, because I've gone later a few times and they had run out of them.Soooo hard to resist, and they'll continue adding size and cushion to love handles all over North Denver for some time to come.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,8/18/2010,97,100,2,6,6>this place is a very cool place to grab a very authentic Italian sandwich or some cold cuts.  After a recent 36 hour fasting, this is where i wanted to have my first meal from.  And i was hungry.  There sandwich filled me up.  The meats are very fresh tasting and the peppers have just the right amount of bite to be enjoyable. Great place to go if you are not a fan of the supermarket deli counter, but there is no poultry here.  Only old world Sausage!The old lady who works there is great, really adds some old world charm to this place.  They also have hand made frozen Ravioli and Tortellini that I want to try.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,8/17/2010,639,447,3,10,10>I went here last night on an anniversary dinner with le boyfriend and we had an absolutely fabulous time.Perhaps it was due in part to the company I was keeping, but I found the place wonderful. It's cute, but not pukey cute. It's intimate, but very open. Our server was polite and kind and let us take our time making the selections we wanted on the menu. Speaking of the menu, um, that was some good food! They recently rolled out a pre fixe menu that I believe is a damned good deal. $70 gets you a bottle of wine ($27 or under) one taste, one cheese, four tapas and one dessert. I had been prepared for a dinner over $100, based on visits to other tapas restaurants, but I was overjoyed to see the bill was much lower. I would highly recommend this place for anyone who wants to grab a few fancy drinks with friends or a couple looking for a nice date night spot.Oh, and, most comfortable restaurant chairs in Denver.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,8/16/2010,208,498,4,5,5>I was very pleasantly surprised by my experience at La Fogata last night, especially considering that the building it's in looks incredibly sketchy and kind of like a motel from the 70s. I guess I learned not to judge a book by its cover, or rather not to judge a restaurant by its bizarre and unappealing building. But anyway on to the experience of dining at La Fogata....First of all the food was awesome. I had tacos al carbon and they were bursting with steak (literally I had to eat half the steak with a fork because it wouldn't fit in the tacos), and they were so nicely flavored. I usually like Mexican food because it's fried stuff covered in cheese and this was not fried stuff with cheese at all, and I still liked it a lot, which is amazing to me. The tacos came with really nice, fresh guacamole as well as some very spicy salsa, yummo!!!I thought the service was great, granted it was not very busy but our waiter was always around and the food came out super quickly. It also appeared that it hadn't sat around at all, it was very fresh. I am not 100% sure I am on board with going four stars for La Fogata but I am giving them the benefit of the doubt, and I will refine and update this review after I have the chance to try their food again.... hopefully soon, now that I've written this all I can think about is trying some fried stuff with cheese...
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,8/15/2010,34,238,10,7,7>Somewhere in the Middle East, something magical occurred when Gyros was invented. The spit-cooked Lamb with a little mystery involved in the preparation of it may invoke gastrointestinal terror in some but I am not to be counted among them.  But while the Lamb is a tasty animal, the poor Lamb also has serious competition. And in a war of deliciousness, Lamb stands little chance against Pig. Sadly, people don't eat a lot of Pork in the Middle East for various cultural reasons. But knowledge of how tasty Pork is has proven difficult to restrain. So at some point someone got smart, got the hell out of the Middle East and moved to Mexico, probably just so they could start cooking Pork in the same way that you cook Gyros. And that's when something magical happened all over again, and that something is called Al Pastor. I've had a now months-long tradition of being hungover on Monday mornings due to various lifestyle choices that I won't go into right now. All I will say is that bad decisions are fun.  Just like Gyro meat cures what ails me at 2 AM on a Sunday morning, my new traditions have Al Pastor treating those same conditions on Monday mornings. So thank goodness some of the best Mexican restaurants in town are open for breakfast. And that's where Los Carboncitos came to my rescue. I had a wonderful Al Pastor plate, with a stack of corn tortillas. Their 4 complimentary salsas make quite the impression and are great to throw onto your entree, too. Although I will say that none of their salsas really stood out as my favorite, and I liked the tomatillo the least. This place is easy to miss and very nondescript from the outside, but the interior is warm and bright, and way more inviting than you might expect. The service was great. It's a little out of the way, but on this day it was well worth it.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,8/14/2010,92,352,1,6,7>This is a great local "spice shop" for those of you in Lowery.   I am going to have to start checking Mark T's lists before I do anything ethnic.  I did not find their prices to be high but I usually shop in Denver.  On a Saturday morning I was able to purchase a 15 item list of Indian specialty spices here by handing my list to the owner's son.  He walked through the store and educated me on each one, some of which have different names depending on the language used.  I used the Bombay Cafe cookbook which we've used before but this was our most complete, fullout Indian meal.  They even had the frozen nan that take less than 2 mins from oven to table.  I was excited to learn that they also have the fish and meat counter, a huge selection of gorgeous head scarves, housewares including many brass fitted ones which seem not to be made in the US anymore, and just about every middle eastern and Indian food stuff you could need.  Dried fruits, whole seed spices, fresh samosas to snack on, and great customer service.  It's at the very back of the lot just north of an auto dealer and southeast side of the street from the old Skate City.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,8/13/2010,154,74,2,9,11>Moving to Denver from Boston was hard. Not because I miss the cranky people, horrid drivers or terrible weather. I can even live without the massive and superior public transit system. The thing I miss most is the variety of ethnic foods. No Chinatown, no Italian District and until yesterday no sweep me off of my feet Jewish delicatessen. I'm happy to report that has changed now that I've eaten at The Bagel Deli. The Bagel Deli is serving up quality jewish favorites that I just can't get enough of: - Perfect Potato Latkes, with a heaping serving of applesauce and sour cream- Delicate blintzes that melted in my mouth- Scrumptious bagels, including Egg flavor!- Cases of Kugle, Knish, Matzo and more for taking home- And baken, which from what I can tell is pastrami bacon (aka, the best bacon ever)Damn, this place is good! Plus the service was fast and our waitress was incredibly sweet. Our coffee was always hot and full, our dishes were cleared immediately and the prices are totally reasonable. I will most definitely be visiting the Bagel Deli again!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,8/12/2010,290,399,1,8,5>Wow for serious? Good sushi in Arvada?? I almost didn't believe it.  Totally worth the drive. It is so cutesy inside, aquariums with exotic fish and it feels like you went to the Monteray Bay Aquarium.  I like that I didn't even know who our server was, because everyone helped out, and helped eachother. Filling water, grabbing plates, running food. I like that they just bring you rolls as they are ready, not letting them sit and bring everything at once. Worked out well. They have lots of rolls to choose from, and I love that they have a lobster roll that you can only order 2 pcs - so you don't break the bank on the whole thing. The fish is fresh tasting and served in large delicious chunks in the rolls and it's decently priced. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2010,8/11/2010,242,830,4,9,7>The decor is contemporary (and kind of looks like a leasing office for a new apartment complex.)  The hostess / waitress is friendly.  The restaurant is clean and open, with windows on 2 walls.Ahh, but the food.The lunch specials can't be beat in both price and portion size.  The fish is also fresh, generously cut, and artfully presented.  All the lunch specials come with Miso Soup, and the Miso Soup here is not to be missed.  Shiitake and Enoki mushrooms garnish along with the usual tofu and seaweed.  The broth is rich and savory.  It was heaven.I had the Chirashi Bowl.  At $18, it's a bit steep, but it's what I was craving.  (I was feelin' some Umami.)   It consisted of 8 pieces of Sashimi, (2Tuna, Salmon, Snapper, Octopus, Yellowtail, and 2 other RandomFishies.) With 2 Fatty Tuna and Avocado Maki Bites, and 2 Tamago (Omelette)  There was a granish of thinly sliced cucumbers and a sprinkling of Masago.  The bowl was beautiful (See Photo) and the rice was nicely seasoned and appropriately sticky.  The portion was good for lunch, but I think I would still be hungry if I'd had it for dinner.  (Even with the awesome Miso Soup.)The Man got the Philly lunch special, a real steal at $9!  A full-size philly roll, with whole, sweet raw salmon, freshly made, and surrounded by Nigiri.  Crab Nigiri is... get this... REAL CRAB.  Score.  The Smoked Salmon was topped with an avocado slice, perfectly paired.  The Eel is fresh and sweet, the shrimp nigiri is creatively sliced into a "Maki" style, two-bite nosh.   Also served with the deeeee-lish Miso Soup.Also:  Hana Matsuri has all-day $1 domestic beers and $2 Hot Sake.  Win!!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,8/10/2010,71,164,,11,5>Dear Cellar Wine Bar,I wouldn't have even known you existed had a not stumbled upon you last night while on my way to one of your neighbors. I was very impressed by the variety of wines on your menu and loved the flight options. (Especially the sake flight- I have never seen that done before.) Your staff was well educated about all of your wines and were super helpful without being overbearing. I also loved the sushi style ordering on your appetizer menu of meats, cheeses, and sweets. We tried the La Tur (yum!) and the Bleu de Lacqueuille (best blue cheese ever!) cheeses as well as the Prosciutto and Anchovies. Everything was a home run. I will definitely be back to visit again and hope more people have the good fortune of trying you out soon.Sincerely,A Wine Lover
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,8/9/2010,126,449,3,3,6>Ohhhh, Denver Biscuit.  How my eyes, tongue, and stomach thank you.  My butt, however, does not.  Seriously, try the chicken pot pie.  It's so amazing I had to refrain from licking the plate.  Bonus: Sit at the bar at Atomic Cowboy and down a couple Bloody Marys while enjoying this monster.  Amazing.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,8/8/2010,120,341,6,7,6>Oh Ali Baba how I could just bathe in your hummus.  It's so smooth, creamy, and seasoned.  The best hummus and baba ghanoush in the Denver area.  I pretty much just order the falafel sandwich with fries and a side of hummus they always throw a bag of pita bread in the bag, though I dip the fries in the hummus as well.  And every other time I get the baklava, not too sweet, but so flaky and it's the spot.  Chicken swarma sandwich is a solid sandwich my husband says, but I guess I get weak for the dips.  And I see the hummus and ghanoush in grocery stores now, yay!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,8/7/2010,40,334,6,4,5>This review serves as notice to my girlfriend that this weekend, we're going to Gallup for breakfast.Think of Gallup as part espresso bar, part bar, part cafe, and pure delicious. I recommend that you walk right up to the counter and order the Tour De Force -- a croissant breakfast sandwich with chipotle eggs, jalapeño bacon, and provolone cheese. Grab a latte, mimosa, or if you're a true worldly connoisseur, both.Rush out on the patio to do a little snarky people watching before your food arrives. You're having what is almost certainly the best breakfast in the Highlands for $10 to $15, and those people walking by aren't, so that's something you can make fun of them for.Gallop, don't ever change.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,8/6/2010,245,483,5,16,9>I've got a new restaurant crush called Tarasco's New Latino Cuisine.  Owner and Michoacán native, Noé Bermúdez, whips up some incredible regional Mexican dishes.  My personal favorites include the mole de 7 chiles, the birria de chivo (goat soup), huaraches aztecas, cactus salad, and tinga de pollo.  I haven't tried the whole menu, but everything I've tasted thus far has been fantastic.  Noé believes heavily in serving food that is cooked with care, bypassing shortcuts that are all too common in today's kitchen.  His recipe for mole, which comes from Oaxaca, contains over thirty ingredients and takes 2 days to make.  Every inch of the effort pays off as this mole is one of the best I have ever tasted - blending the 7 chiles with chocolate, banana, pecans, almonds, cumin, salt...I'm also big on Noé's jugos, especially the Iron Man, a blend of mango, coconut, pineapple, and strawberries.  All jugos are blended fresh on-site.  The jugos fall into his philosophy of making healthy, hearty foods the old-fashioned way.  One of his favorite items is nopales (cactus).  Preparation of cactus can be time consuming, but Noé puts in the effort and you can taste the difference.  Some days he'll present his customers with a platter of ensalada de napoles to be eaten as an appetizer with chips, salsa and guacamole.  On cold days, I'll be craving the birria de chivo, an unparalleled mix of red chilies and slow-cooked goat served as a steaming bowl of fire-red soup.  Word is that this dish is supposed to raise your libido due to the horny goats that go into the soup - but I can't confirm that.Overall, it is a wonder that this restaurant hasn't yet been discovered by the "greater yelp community."  The restaurant has a fantastic owner, great cozy atmosphere, and a selection of food that is far less typical of Denver Mexican food.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,8/5/2010,134,373,1,8,9>C'mon.  It is just a hot dog.  Right?  Well... yes, and... no.I am a fan of the tubed meat.  I make it a point of eating as many hot dogs, in as many places, as possible.  For my money, Billy's kicks some major ass.First off, if you are looking for cheap dogs, skip Billy's and go to the nearest gas station.  However, If you are looking for a really tasty dog, this is five stars worth of greatness in my opinion. Excellent fries top off the wonderful variety of toppings for your dog.  Be sure to try them too.My only complaint, and it is a small one, is that if you order a to-go dog, they should put a fork for your cheese fries and a few napkins in the bag too.  Next time, I will make sure to grab those myself.  Otherwise, no reservations with recommending Billy's to you.  Ample parking, a nice patio, good beer and wine choices, and they will even deliver to my office.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,8/4/2010,212,239,16,18,16>I swear my hand to the universe, I think there is a Vietnamese person inside of me trying to get out. Oh sweet lord - this is a little gem tucked into the southwestern corner of the Far East Center. This is a family owned bakery making sweets and savories with recipes they brought with them from Vietnam. Three mini loaves of the best French bread I have tasted outside of Paris for $1.25. Skip that crap at the supermarkets and grab three of these for the same price.Try the homemade Banh mi - they cure their own meats, grow the veggies in the summer, mix their own carrot/daikon mix and of course, make the bread.  The BBQ steamed pork buns, holy smokes. I had one bite and was transported back to the Hawaii of my youth. I almost cried. I can't leave without a few in my bag.Seriously, this is the sort of bakery that makes the world a better place. Stop next door and you can grab a whole roasted fowl to go with the bread - you will score some serious points with whomever you are feeding!
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,8/3/2010,238,144,11,12,14>Que Rico!!Tough choice, Steak, or Mexican food??  Mexican food, or steak?  On a Sunday afternoon, I had to go the Mexican route, as did everyone in our party.  After this first outing, I know I will be back for steak.Everything is made from scratch here, and it shows.  Similar to 99% of Mexican restaurants, we were greeted with chips and salsa, along with guacamole, as we sat.  The chips alone were good, with a hint of lime.  The guac and salsa were both excellent.To drink, we opted for their homemade lemonade.  I like most lemonade, but this one stands apart, the right amount of tartness, slightly pulpy, and a hint of the rind.  The only thing that would make it better would be to slip a shot or two of cazadores in there, and move the whole scenario to a beach in Mazatlan.  And, of course, some perfectly tanned chaparrita to my side.  Wait, this is my dream, and I'll have one on each side. No despierta-me, estoy soñando!!Around our table, as our main courses, we had pollo asado, carne asada, tacos de carne asada y carnitas, steak fajitas, and a smothered burrito.As I mentioned, everything is made in house, the salsas, guac, the tortillas (both corn and flour), etc. and the extra effort is apparent in the taste.  My plate was the steak fajitas and I swear this was an order for two people.  I couldn't eat it, and we had all just come from a 3 hour work out.  It was a lot of delicious food, just too much for my 250lb body to finish.  We also had the opportunity to sample some of their ceviche and flan.  The ceviche was good, but needed the flavors to burst through a bit more, perhaps more lime, cilantro, and larger pieces of shrimp.  Still tasty, though.  The flan...que sabor rico y delicioso.  Next time, I am ordering the flan first.  And last.  And maybe some to take home.  As they told us, they are just finalizing the menu, but are always open to suggestions.  I asked for Tacos al Pastor, con piña, and hope and pray that they add them, as I am certain they'd be fantastic.  If this tells you anything, just writing this review, I am hungry again.  Hmmm, another opportunity for that fantastic flan?  Basta, ya. Ya me voy!!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,8/2/2010,285,768,1,10,10>Five Stars for Devil's Food. 1. No cell phone zone-This is awesome!! I love it. There are signs posted all around that this is a cell phone free environment. It just makes for a more cozy feeling when people's phones aren't ringing & making strange noises all around, not to mention the blabbering you have to endure sometimes. 2. Local and organic foods-Organic, free range eggs, Haystack goat cheese, Novo coffee, fresh local herbs....the list goes on & on. I love to support businesses that are organic, local, and ethical. It's near and dear to my heart. 3. Uncomplicated menu-I am very indecisive, I will be the first to admit it. I love that this menu keeps it simple. Sometimes I get overwhelmed with all of the choices, but not here. The menu is broad enough, but yet not over excessive at all. Omelets, scrambles, Benedicts, pancakes....yea, nice & simple baby. Sides are easy too, yummy bacon, sausage, potatoes, or you can opt for a breakfast salad which again, is so simple, yet so good. Fresh fruit on greens with home made vinaigrette. 4. Relaxed atmosphere- Even though this place can and does get busy, you don't feel rushed at all. You can take your time with the menu, take time to enjoy your coffee and meal, and then enjoy some more coffee before you go. 5. Baked goodness- A lovely display of delicious and decadent sweet treats to take home for later :)
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,8/1/2010,39,292,4,4,6>Bella Bistro rocks. I was trying to think of some alliterative witticism, but I just can't. It is just really good food!It is a very small restaurant (converted reupholstery garage, so says my car man husband). You may overhear your neighbors' conversations and obnoxious mispronunciations of fine Italian words. You may hear them order iced tea and a Coors light (the HORROR) at a place that ONLY serves Italian wine?!?! Hello! Sign of quality right there. Try to ignore your fellow customers and just go with the flow. Take your server's recommendation on what to order from the wine list. When in doubt, ask the owner (the cute blond with the cute yellow Jeep out front). She has travelled all over Italy and brought what she has learned back. Our waiter the few times we've gone (Adam?) is awesome. He went to culinary school himself but now he works there as a server. He knows his stuff. We went on pizza night and he provided sound recommendations. But really, he couldn't go wrong. The food is so good you couldn't pick a bad meal.Yeah, so....pizza night. We have ordered the lobster pizza (delicious), some sort of steak pizza, a veggie pizza, and almost everything on the menu. All fantastic, reasonably priced, and share-able, if you're into that sort of thing (I'm not). I do not share my food well, especially when the food is as good as BB. I am rambling, I realize, but I just don't have enough good things to say about Bella Bistro. You should go there ASAP. Go on pizza night (it was Tuesday, last time I was there) and try as much as you can afford to. You will not be disappointed!
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,7/31/2010,45,43,9,10,11>I went to school on Colfax. Naturally I have an affinity for everything Colfax: the sketchiness of Pizza Express, watching the sunset go down from the rooftop of Twist&Shout, the terrifying game of leap frog that is East High kids crossing Colfax at lunch time, even the decrepit little old men on the Fifteen have a special place in my heart. The Shoppe is no exception.I am in love with this place. There is no better way to spend a Saturday night (or early early Sunday morning) then at The Shoppe with a group of friends, enjoying the delicious cupcakes while kicking some ass at a board game conveniently provided by the Shoppe (think "Guess Who?", Apples to Apples, Candyland, A DECK OF TUPAC PLAYING CARDS.) And if you're not a tupac deck of cards kinda person, sit back and enjoy the amazing artwork and photography on the walls. No where else can you get amazing cupcakes this good. If you're not in the mood for cupcakes, get cereal with fresh cut fruit slices in it :) Or a latte. So many possibilities! No where else in Denver can you get a Frankenberry fix in the middle of January!! (Unless you stock up on Frankenberry.. in which case.. contact me. We need to be chat.)When you finally get sick of eating delicious cupcakes and looking at fantastic artwork and the friendly employees there, head into the bathroom where you can write on the dry-erase walls with markers. Leave me a shout out ;)
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,7/30/2010,116,230,,5,3>First time back in many years. Nice place! They've remodeled beautifully. Our food was tasty and the service was very accommodating. I took Mr. Tracy A. to dinner, and he ordered the eggplant. It was fantastic.  Great texture, delicately sauced, and beautifully presented. I had the bolognese. - the homemade noodles were thin and delicious. And although we rarely order dessert, we tried the chocolate with lavender, salt, etc. It was a very nice, light way to cap off the meal.Nice touch: When we left, they thanked us by name.BTW, Panzano offers some 1,000-point tables through Open Table. (Hooray!) And now Yelp will be partnering with them so you can make your OT reservations directly thru Yelp. (Hooray! Hooray!)
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,7/29/2010,16,85,6,2,2>never thought i would enjoy a meatless calzone as much as i did.  simply delicious.  and i must admit, i did not have any troubles with the service here whatsoever.  frankly, anyone that serves a calzone that tasty can bitchslap me around the room while i waited.and those cupcakes?  i wanted to stick my wang in them.  i had a Ho-Ho flavored one that was incredible.  you remember Ho-Ho's don't you?  hard chocolate frosting on the top, cream in the middle?  yes please.i'd like to come back here and have a drink some day.  it looks like they have proper bar.  i can scope out some flock of seagulls haircuts while i'm there...
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,7/28/2010,68,174,6,7,7>Sad  to say I have asked if only men work at Little Man because every single time I have gone all of the employees are of the XY type (they said "no, there are just more dudes on staff). Another quirk Little Man is that their portions are anything but little.  A double scoop cone can be used as a small weight with which you can exercise while you stuff your face.  Their waffle cones are also a small slice of heaven, with more of a sugar cookie consistency.  Their prices are extremely reasonable considering you get like a half pound of ice cream per scoop.  They offer both Gelato and Ice Cream for the same price. There are a few flavors that I dream of: the Honey Gelato and Hazelnut Gelato are orgasmic.They also do a ton of fun stuff, like something every night including vintage movie night and game night.  Check their website for details.  There is also a really really awesome teeter totter across the street which is wonderful to ride when you are weighed down by the gallon of ice cream you just ate! :)
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,7/27/2010,476,701,6,12,10>They've hired a dim sum chef from San Fran and added a dim sum menu. I might have to say that the har gow and siu mai may be the best I have ever eaten. There was 3 medium sized shrimp in the har gao and the siu mai was country style chunky pork with mushrooms and shrimp. The danh taat may be the best in Denver with a flavorful custard and a caramelized top. I actually said, "yeow this is good!" after I took that first bite. The dim sum menu may not be as extensive as others but so far, what they do they do really well! BUT! Just don't tell everybody else in town. Let's keep this between us. I don't want to stand in line to eat here any longer than I already have to!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,7/26/2010,29,77,5,4,6>I decided to visit Spinelli's deli In my quest to find a good, fast lunch near Skyland Park, and boy howdy, I'm glad I did. New favorite place.Here's the play-by-play.1.  Parking.Street parking is scarce on this block; it's an oddly dense little commercial oasis. You might have to park a block away and walk.2.  Food (and Groceries).The sandwiches are a treat!  And they come with a side of salad (potato, macaroni, etc) or fruit: "Just pick something from the produce section."There must have been some pickle problems in the past: there is a sign by the pickle bucket saying something to the effect of, "Due to wasteful practices, pickles are no longer included with sandwiches. If you want a pickle, please take only one!" If it warranted special pickle signage, then the pickle wasting must have been pretty serious!I'd never waste a pickle.Your vegetarian sandwiches are the roasted vegetable sandwich, which is fantastic, and the caprese, which is an equally delicious fresh veggie option. Both include huge chunks of their homemade mozzarella.Grocery-wise, it looks like they have an admirable selection of fruits and vegetables, tons of different dry pastas, some dry goods and few frozen goods. I'm excited to start doing some grocery shopping here.3. Staffing and seating.The staff I've encountered are polite without being overly friendly. Which is fine. It's a market, not a restaurant. They're not waitstaff.If you want to eat in, be aware that there are only two tables, with a total of eight seats.4. Paying.I wondered if such a small, independent establishment would accept American Express, and they do! Yippee for that.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,7/25/2010,152,243,23,10,12>Tonight I fell in love. I want to marry Sushi Den. I want to run through fields of wild flowers holding hands with Sushi Den. I want to have picnics at sunset with Sushi Den. I want to feed Sushi Den pieces of sashimi and make kissy faces after every bite.Alas, Sushi Den is a high class escort and I will not be able to afford it more than a couple times a year. I cannot marry Sushi Den. Honestly I'm writing this review at 3:45am because I can't stop thinking about the food I had for dinner. My friend is in town from L.A. and she wanted something "light" for dinner, I had never been to Sushi Den and suggested it... boy, was my suggestion the highlight of the weekend. We were seated immediately (no reservation) at 9:30pm... it wasn't too crowded, but it also wasn't awkwardly sparse. Our TWO waiters were attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. We saw a picture on the website and wanted whatever it was.... we described it to the waiter... it was the Jalapeno Sashimi... YAHTZEE! Our bill was as follows:1 coke $21 edamame $4.51 crispy tuna appetizer $121 jalapeno sashimi $161 baked spicy roll $6.51 veggie tempura roll $6.5total with tax: $51.35Really it's not TOO bad for the quality of food. If you don't drink with your meal you can keep the cost relatively low. We had more than enough food to be uncomfortably full (we refused to leave anything behind).I am going to start a Yelp cuss jar to pay for my next visit to Sushi Den. Every time I use a cuss word on Yelp I will put a dollar in the jar (DAMN, ASS, SHIT, WHORE!!) Now I'm 1/4 of the way to another plate of Yellowtail Sashimi....If for some odd reason you try this place and don't like it, I will gladly meet you and pick up your leftovers. I am completely serious. Call me.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,7/24/2010,288,412,5,6,7>When we found the Thai Bao menu at our new place the wife exclaimed, "Oh my god, oh my god, Thai Bao delivers to our house!!" I just laughed at her. But she's the one laughing now. This place is the bomb. Ka-Pow! I can't speak for the Pho here like the other reviews, mainly because I refuse to order Pho "Phor" delivery. It's just not the same and against the rules (IMO). As I previously mentioned my wife loves this place. So she was fairly familiar with the menu and knew what to get right away. She got the combination Bun and I got the sesame chicken, extra spicy. It was, hands raised high! The best sesame chicken I have ever had. This is the first place that actually made it extra spicy when I asked for it, +1 for that. Let me tell you, it was spicy but so delicious. I was able to snag a bite or two of the wife's Bun and it was jumping with flavor. Some of the best Bun I've had. We also ordered the crispy spring roll, which was delicate, crispy, and very tasty. Plus you have got to love the fish sauce to dip them in.  The presentation of the food was spectacular by delivery standards; you could tell they take pride in what they do. They also put the rice in the same container as the entree, which love or hate, I think is a good idea. Not only is it right there for me to mix in with the other food, but it saves on the amount of containers they bring. So there's less to throw away. To sum up the experience, I'd say the service is good, the food is great, and the fact that this place delivers to our house is outstanding! Thai Bao will be a solid go to spot for us.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,7/23/2010,190,320,3,4,6>OK, people who know me KNOW that I LOVE an amazing restaurant with amazing food and equally amazing service and experience.  However, sometimes you just want some good ol'fashioned diner breakfast food. No frills. No sheeshee-foofoo stuff, just griddled food.  This is definitely THAT place! I mean, I can almost hear Flo saying to Mel, "Kiss my grits!" And the fact that I can walk to this place makes it EVEN better!
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,7/22/2010,456,160,9,5,8>If you are a bingo player in Denver, you already know about this gem off the beaten path. You probably aren't reading this if you are. Nor are you likely reading this if you are a square dancer or bowler either, but would make you more likely to have per chanced the from-scratch greatness of this unchanged classic. They have every item you'd hope for on a standard cafe menu, with a few surprises. Everything I've tried was FAST (freakishly fast for as busy as it gets on a Sunday during the big post-church crunch, which is, inevitably, my moment to enjoy.) hot, and flawlessly executed. The staff is solid, seasoned veterans, likely family, or "restaurant family" (One big, happy, dysfunctional family).  I was helped at all the right moments, refilled on point, and my favorite of all things in a diner? A sugar canister instead of packets for my coffee backer on sugar and creamer. This truly makes me happy in a single serving world.. The freedom to use as much of that jar with a spigot as I care, with none of the embarrassment of 10,000,000 empty fingers pointing to how sweet my porcelain crock of joy really is. Now if they still had the all-you-can-pour creamer caddy, with the clanking steel lid on top, I'd be in  Mary & Lou's-laced nostalgic heaven..
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,7/21/2010,210,385,9,6,10>A fantastically non-corporate star for not being Starbucks.Another awesome, "got mah bebe in the carseat" star for having a drive-thru.A third, shiny happy star for cool, friendly people and decent coffee.And the bombastic fourth is for their CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES. They're so huge that one will last you a whole day. Ridiculously delish and so addictive I suspect they might be made with crack.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,7/20/2010,75,150,3,3,6>There we were. Four girls. Looking lovely in our evening attire as our appetites forced our eyes to stare at the beautiful dishes on the tables that surrounded the small entry way inside the welcoming door of Fruition. A couple of lady campers sipped water and chatted over their empty dessert plate at "our table" as our high expectations began to wither. Just as I began mentally removing a star from my yet-to-be-written Yelp review, the manager waltzed up with a tray of four sparkling, bubbling champagne glasses to sip from as we watched the water drinkers with decreasing patience and increasing hunger. (In case the point was missed, the star was quickly earned back). The wait, however, is already slipping from my memory as I reminisce over the experience my taste buds had when the first forkful of my vegetarian entrée reached my tongue. There are no words to describe how elegant and amazing the sauce inside the ravioli pasta was -- and the asparagus! So crisp and flavorful! And the spinach... OH the spinach! One moment while I regain composure...My main course consisted of gnocchi, accompanied by the most delicious mushrooms I've ever bitten into, dressed with a couple of other vegetables over a mouth-watering green sauce (the details blur together as I remember the fusion of tastes that happened in my mouth). My company raved just as much about their moist, perfectly cooked fish, scallop and duck dishes. (This of course was after we cleaned the perfect portion sizes from our plates. The conversation came to a strange, unnoticeable halt as we entered our worlds of food paradise.)I could say more, but I'll try to tie this up quickly since this review has potential to be lengthy: the beginning bread and butter was addicting, the service was exquisite, the wine fit perfectly, the interior was beautiful: classy, charming, serene, cheerful...Oh how I dream of the day when I will once again have the opportunity to treat myself to such an incredible dining experience.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,7/19/2010,190,292,,11,11>Yay! They're open! The space formerly occupied by Pizzicato has finally reopened as an upscale seafood shack of sorts. According to their website, the intention is to serve seafood found on the East Coast, West Coast, and Gulf of Mexico. They evidently want to "bring the ocean to the mountains." I ordered one of their "Katchers" - essentially, a platter. You pick a seafood, two sides, and then your choice of dipping sauce, all for $10.95. I got a shrimp skewer, sweet potato fries, fruit, and some homemade cocktail sauce.Hello, tastiness. I ate on their patio. The shrimp was very well seasoned, and the fries were amazing and not at all greasy. The fruit was not the standard "side of fruit" fare; I got peaches, strawberries, pineapple, melon balls, and grapes.There are all kinds of options there, from crab cakes to tilapia to mahi mahi to catfish to calamari...you name it. They have traditional New England clam chowder and Maryland clam chowder (I'm guessing it's the tomato-based kind), plus there's a bisque...a few other soups, and salads, too.The prices range from around $5-$15. It did say that extra sides cost an additional $3.95 (eh), but that was about the oddest thing I saw. They also serve wines and beer (domestic and microbrews). The folks were friendly; I'd definitely recommend giving them a shot.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,7/18/2010,40,76,3,5,6>Yazoo BBQ - A HaikuA wise man once saidBacon up that Sausage Boy!Commence meat party!Not many people know about Yazoo. And thats a shame. For my money its some of the best BBQ around. Not much more than a hole in the wall situated next to JDs Bait Shop, Yazoo is easy to miss. Their signature item, "The Bob", is a simple chicken kabob wrapped in bacon-y deliciousness. The staff is happy and helpful and the food arrives quick. Personally nothing is better than the Pulled Pork with sides of Fried Pickles and Hushpuppies. My mouth is watering just typing about it. There are plenty of different BBQ sauces to coat everything in, but the sweet and spicy rules them all from on high. The best part, you add the BBQ Sauce at your leisure. As much or as little as you wish. I definitely recommend this place for a quick afternoon lunch. Great catering too!
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,7/17/2010,260,513,2,9,6>Avanza is becoming a weekly stop on my way home from the stables. This Hispanic grocery store is getting my business for many reasons. First and most important are the prices..I am picking up 3 avocados for .96 cents, Roma tomatoes for .39/lb, 7 oranges for .96, and so on. I am addicted to jugo de coco and have tried all the brands, they carry my favorite El Mexicano and put it on sale at least once a month. Saturdays are sample days and I have started drinking Yakult and found out it has been around for about 75 years, would have never known that from shopping at Safeway. They carry fresh Arroz con leche with a hint of cinnamon. This is a monthly treat as it is so creamy and thick.I started buying their "Our Family" brand and prefer some of the products over Kraft or General Mills. I am still shocked at what I pay at the checkout. I am well aware that some of the vegetables are second string and need to be eaten within a few days but with that knowledge, I can serve up a great meal for a great price.And most of all, I really like their staff. They are nice and will help me with anything I ask; I have learned some pretty amazing recipes including a tamale stuffed Cornish game hen. Not as large as Rancho Liberio but not as crowded either. I love this Avanza.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,7/16/2010,103,577,2,6,9>Today was my lucky day! Not only was I in need of a nibble around lunch-time but I was actually craving a cupcake (yeah I sometimes eat cupcakes for lunch, so what?) I was enjoying a day out shopping with my mom at the time and she mentioned that a cupcake would make a tasty mid-day nibble as well.So then I think to myself "hmm I wonder where The Denver Cupcake Truck is today?" Sure enough, it turns out they were actually pretty close by! So we went and ordered a Snowball - complete with almond flavored cake, chocolate buttercream, and coconut on top and we also got Lemon - lemon cake with lemon curd and vanilla buttercream. Both were very delicious and quite moist, the buttercream was the heavy dense kind that I love. The snowball flavor tasted like an Almond Joy made into a cupcake and lemon as a cupcake is always fantastic - yum!I always am a fan of unique business concepts and this is no exception. As the first of its kind in Denver, it feels like a little tiny piece of NYC has been transplanted in Denver...perfect and very cool. I just wish I had dreamed up this first...what a fun job it would be!I was so happy to be able to try out Denver Cupcake Truck today! It made my day for sure! Very much looking forward to the Truck being in the neighborhood again very soon!
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,7/15/2010,97,68,6,10,10>I love to love businesses that love to love their customers!I came back to Karma recently this past weekend and was surprised to find that they have added a happy hour from 3-6 that includes a FULL order of their delicious pineapple cheese wontons for only $3! And a carafe of sake for $1! Did you read right? Heck yeah you did. All these goodies were just 2 of about 6 different happy hour tapas and drink choices to choose from.But I digress, I came for a purpose - after enjoying an extensive variety of asian-fusion goods at Karma I decidedly have a favorite - the tofu Dan Dan Noodles and Pineapple Cheese wonton appetizer and boy did it NOT disappoint!The Dan Dan Noodles with tofu include thick noodles that hold onto the sauce like a poker winner to his chips, a mother to her child, Jennifer Aniston to romantic comedies, bean sprouts, some green stuff, peanuts, a notable sauce with a deliciously spicy kick to it, and cubes of tofu that is PERFECTLY made - crispy edges, consistently chewy taste, soaked in just the right amount of sauce.As usual, our stainless steel water cups were always filled, food was taken in and boxed by the waiter (they give you a good amount), just excellent over the top customer service.Sigh. It's a win for my palate every time.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,7/14/2010,204,249,3,4,4>I finally made it over here for lunch today.  This little cafe is buried in a tiny strip mall with not much else around it.  I've driven by a few times and somebody told me it was amazing so I had to go for it.I walked in and was brought to a small booth in the back of the restaurant.  The waitress was very friendly and the service was great!  I ordered the Pad Thai lunch which came with a clear vegetable and tofu soup and an egg roll.  The soup and egg roll were brought out immediately and were both very delicious!  I also ordered a Thai iced tea which was very tasty and refreshing.Now, for the Pad Thai Noodles.  Words cannot describe how incredible the taste was!  I was completely blown away!  When I ordered it, I was asked how hot I wanted it on a scale of one to five.  I asked for a four.  The first few bites were just full of flavor but not much spice.  As I got deeper into the dish, it got spicier and spicier.  Before I knew it, my nose was running and I was high on endorphins.  What wonderful bliss!I could over hear a lady at a table near me place her order.  She asked for a zero, no spice.  I almost started to gigle.  After she got her food, she went on and on to her friend about how it was too spicy to eat.  I wanted to call her a wussy wearing sissy pants, but I politely refrained.Now, for the down side.  There were hard, rubbery bits of something in my dish.  It resembled the rim of an overcooked fried egg.  I'm sure that's what it was.  Hard bits of overcooked egg.  There were also so many hard red pepper flakes in there that I kept picking out of my mouth.  These two things, and these two things alone, are the only reason this place didn't get a five star rating.I have every intention of returning and trying something else on the menu!  This place is a hidden gem in the Denver metro area.  I'm mad at myself for not coming here sooner!On a side note, the waitress told me they no longer deliver food... BOOOO!  However she did let me know that they will gladly do take out and you call ahead and place your order.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,7/13/2010,320,975,,7,7>Thank you Cracovia, Kathy and the rest of the crew that made our evening memorable yesterday evening, June 24th 2010.  We went to Cracovia to have dinner.  Prior to the event, I made the reservation.  On the actual day, once I arrived at Cracovia, our table were ready for the group.The staffs are friendly, accommodating, informative, attentive and the service was prompt for our group.  Since we were the 2nd largest group for that evening, to me all went well.Everyone has the chance to order what they want for the evening.  If I could recall this was what the group ordered :*  Czerwony Barszcz*  Bigos*  Flaki*  Chicken Devolaide*  Cracovia Mielony*  Pierogi*  Duck dish as part of the evening Specials*  Platter For TwoAs for me, I order the Cracovia Trout.  Personally, I like my dish, especially the rice.  There is something with the flavor of the rice, in which I am trying to figure it out.  I like the Trout too.  My entree was nothing special but I just like it.  Though I cant deny, I think the kitchen staff forgot to include sauerkraut salad with my main Entree.  To me my Main Entree portion is HUGE.  I was stuffed from my main entree, to which I so wish I could have space to stomach some desserts which I could not.  I rate my main entree between 3 to 3.5 stars.At the end of our dinner, one of my friends order the kremowka, and some of them ordered the strawberry and blueberry pierogis.  Most of the "dessert" pierogi came out warm.  I guess that was how it should be.  The group kept on comparing the pierogi to the chinese dumplings.  From their observation and feedback, they feel that the pierogi is doughy and are more chewy.Another added bonus, our waitstaffs, allow our big group to have SEPARATE CHECKS.  That's DEFINITELY a 2 thumbs up in my books.  I am glad that my friends liked what they order for the evening, though I was slight hesitant to introduce this restaurant from the mixed reviews.  With awesome company, good conversation and food that we can share, things went well for the evening.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,7/12/2010,263,617,,11,9>Yourenotgoingtobelievehowgoodthisplaceis . . .Now, to experience absolutely delicious lunchtime food,  you don't have to spend $20-$30 bucks at some fru-fru high end bistro. We can all just head over to Vert's and dine like royalty.Five glorious stars to Vert's for being a lunch place that serves the best food / sandwiches at reasonable prices.This sandwich shop has some treats in store that will surprise you: First, when you go in you'll think the place is just a take-out counter. But the design hides a great backyard patio that seats another 20+ people in some far-from-the-street sunshine.Second, everything is homemade from top quality ingredients. Today I had, without a doubt, the finest BLT sandwich I've ever had, or could ever imagine having. It now serves as the very definition of what a BLT should be:  triple-thick, perfectly cooked, premium bacon, served along with bufala mozzarella and ripe, end-of-summer tasting tomatoes, all piled high on the freshest homemade rye bread, and accompanied by a gourmet peanut sesame cole slaw. Finished it off with a Limonata, and I can't remember having a better lunchtime sammie.Denver now boasts several amazing sandwich places that range from Ba Le and Snarf's to Biker Jim's (a hot dog is a sandwich:-). You can add Vert's to that list. You are gonna absolutely love this place. No wonder discerning Yelpers' reviews average out to a full 5 star rating for Vert's!Be there or be square. Vert's is the best.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2010,7/11/2010,174,419,7,8,8>The Dude and I decided last night that we're just going to call this one "The Mexican Bennigans".  Looking around at the booths and the shamrock lampshades, we figured they probably kept as much of the original interior as possible--but hey, times is tough.  It's a bad economy and it's a new restaurant.  Cut costs where you can, make up for it elsewhere.  Like with churros.After doing the First Friday Art Walk last night and not even trying to get a table at one of the restaurants on Sante Fe, I told him it was his turn to pick (I ALWAYS pick!!) and I meant it.  I sat quietly in the car, replying, "I don't care" every time he asked what I wanted.  So after driving back up to our side of town, we headed up Wadsworth.  Chain.  Chain.  Chain.  Fast food.  Steak house.  Chain.  And he said, "Well... want to try that Mexican Bennigans?"  At nearly 9:30 there wasn't a whole lot of business, which was good for us because we were starving by then.El Tapatio offers the first basket of chips and salsa on the house, every basket thereafter is $1.75.  I like this and I don't.  I don't really "get" places that charge for chips and salsa--build the cost into your entrees if it's that big of a deal (which it's not; it's corn torts and canned tomatoes).  However, it's good in that I'm less inclined or order another basket if I'm being charged, therefore I (theoretically) have more room in my stomach for the main course.  Regardless, The Dude and I inhaled the basket in no time.  I REALLY like that they don't eff around with the salsa.  They serve it in a big salsa dish (not one of those dinky, 1/4-cup capacity dishes) and it has just enough kick to keep you coming without being *too* painful.For dinner I ordered the vegetarian combo (SCORE!), which came with a cheese enchilada, bean or rice burrito (I chose bean), and a guacamole tostada.  Duder had carne adobada tacos--marinated pork tacos with onions and green peppers.  It was served with pico and guac, which he noted the guac as being "strangely creamy".  I told him they probably added sour cream to it, which some places do, but this was not confirmed--just a hunch.My dinner plate was HUGE.  It will easily be three meals for me (mostly because I have trouble eating four pounds of cheese in one setting).  It came with red chile that was... red chile.  Not much in terms of flavor, but nothing that some extra salsa couldn't perk up.  Next time I will request no cheese on top, as the cheese enchilada was enough for me.  The service was also very good, but kind of confusing.  We were asked what we were having to drink by three different people, and someone else brought our chips.  Nonetheless, our main server was a fun guy and did a great job.As I leaned back in my seat, commenting on how FULL I was, The Dude said, "YOU BETTER MAKE ROOM FOR CHURRO!".  And he wasn't kidding.  And neither was the kitchen at El Tapatio.  A plate of custard-filled churros served with whipped cream and chocolate sauce that could have easily been the perfect amount for four people ...was polished off by The Dude and I.And oh, God.  It was like a Mexican Thanksgiving in my stomach... I was so full... I could barely move.  I told him, "I'm going to need to borrow some PJ pants of yours when we get back."  He said, "Well, they'll probably be huge on you."  To which I replied, "That's just perfect."  Fat pants or no, I'll most definitely be back.(Oh, and they serve breakfast all day.  Hooray!)
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,7/10/2010,175,262,2,7,11>Kinda love this place even more!1) The employees are always the same and super nice. They are just so ecstatic about their business..it's heart warming!2) The food is really different, delicious and fast. Mild is mild and spicy is SPICY. whooa!3) Fry bread..I investigated a little and the employees told me they use honey in the fry bread which gives it that sweet taste which is healthier than straight up sugar. I ask about the oil they use and they mentioned it's a really clean, light, pure oil. Makes me feel better about the bread being fried and dousing it w/ their delicious bottled honey.4) Everything (even the sour creame) is made from scratch except the Chipotle sauce.5) They have good beer, patio space and it's not expensive. Two meals, two pops - $19.006) They said they cater and did a wedding recently. Who would have thought?!7) The owner plays/coaches rugby. Nice!Check this place out, it is what you're craving, promise!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,7/9/2010,164,209,5,9,5>5 Stars for 5 Awesome Things. 1. El Guapo burger. To eat it is to love it. 2. Great service.  We've had the same chill waitress every time, and we wouldn't want it any other way. 3. Local food. Bread from the Grateful Bread Company, Sausage from Clyde's and house pickled veggies .4. Ping Pong!5. Porkstravaganza, Pierogi and a late night menu which serves PBR waffles and fried chicken (okay that's three things, but I can't give Highland Tavern 8 stars, now can I?).
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,7/8/2010,86,122,5,5,8>Awesomeness.  Seriously.  My house is completely furnished from this store..  couch, wingback chair, desk, desk chair, pillows, you name it!  While not my original intention, as I wandered the store I kept finding that more and more pieces knew my name and kept calling out to me!  Fantastic prices too!  I got all of the above named pieces, plus more for under $1000 total.  They were kind enough to let me hold everything overnite till I could get back there with a truck to take half the store home with me!  Now that my house is totally furnished, I think it's time to furnish my closet... and my hat rack...  and my jewelry box...  and my...  well you get the idea.  :-)
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,7/7/2010,95,330,4,6,5>Dear Gastro Cart,I have facebook and yelp stalked you for months.  Contemplating when we would meet and would you be as wonderful as the hype.When I arrived for our rendezvous there were no lines but your delicious smells wafted through the intersection at 18th & Curtis and into my brain.  I tested your two veggie options, a taco & quinoa.  Do you know what I think about us?  I think you are perfect for me.  You are the perfect amount of food and bottled water for $5.  We will have many times together in the sunshine and warm air this summer.Love,Evey
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,7/6/2010,21,20,5,13,11>My relationship with LoHi is totally a tale of overcoming pride and prejudice.I resisted this place for several months after it opened. I am easily turned off by trendy gimmicks, and as such I HATE the nickname Lohi for my neighborhood. It just sounds so wannabe LA, you know, and a restaurant putting Lohi right in the name gave me a bad impression before it was even open. Then there's the fact that I'm not a big steak person. So you have two things I'm not overly fond of right in the name of the restaurant- of course I'm going to hate this place.Then the good reviews started pouring in, reviews which seemed to emphasize interesting menu items other than steak. And trusted friends in the neighborhood started raving about how much they love Lohi. And I'd walk by with my dog and the people on the patio seemed to be having a fun time and enjoying their meals and the vibe didn't seem obnoxious at all. Hmm, interesting.I finally gave in around 6 months ago, and LoHi instantly became one of my regular stops. If I'm feeling jovial I'll sit in the bar area (yes, it's loud, but everyone is friendly and cool), and if not I'll sit on the restaurant side. The food is very reasonably priced for the great quality and huge portions (I LOVE bringing home leftovers  when I eat out- it makes me feel less wasteful for not making every single meal at home). They have a decent happy hour and GREAT daily drink specials. When it was cold out I'd get the mini grilled cheese with black bean chili- it's cheap and on the app menu, but with a beer it's enough food for dinner.  They offer takeout orders and their kitchen is open late so once when I was grouchy and hungry at 10 on a Friday night my boyfriend braved the snow just to bring me one of the grilled cheese and chilies- he's a saint. The huge entree salads are amazing- the one with roasted chicken, oh my god, it's  half of a juicy and well-seasoned chicken on top of a salad. An entire half of a roast chicken! Recently I was craving a burger for the first time in months so I ordered the ridiculously decadent Highlander burger, medium rare just as God intended. A huge, dripping, pink on the inside burger smothered in cheese, sauteed portobellos (not wimpy little button mushrooms) and Bearnaise sauce, surrounded by piles of perfectly crisp fries. Dear god. It will be another six months before I feel compelled to eat a burger again, but when I do I know where I'm going-- my former enemy turned BFF, LoHi Steakbar.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,7/5/2010,283,243,6,6,11>First off, I want to apologize to management for walking in wearing capris and a t-shirt. I looked like I should have been at a John Mayer concert. I had no idea it was going to be so beautiful and classy in there. But they served me nevertheless so +5 stars for that. The food here is delicious. If I wasn't careful, I'd have eaten the to-go box with my leftover lobster roll.It's reasonably-priced for brunch. The bartenders and wait staff are so sweet they make me want to tip them extra.This is one place where I'd say, "Yes, please make sure there are strings attached because I want to come back!"
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,7/4/2010,27,43,3,8,8>I've milled about for months knowing I was long overdue in writing a review for a place I'd qualify as a regular. I know that I like it a bunch, but could I really do it justice? There are three things I hope to find in any place I frequent and while I'll settle for one finely executed, Jonesy's does all three well. This would be an excellent selection of microbrews as well as small batch spirits, a menu of comfort foods that's not afraid to challenge tradition and most importantly, a place where you don't feel rushed in and out by either the staff or the surroundings.While I wouldn't mind seeing a few more "big beers," you'd be hard-pressed to find a better selection of local micros in a bar this size. And the beer menu conveniently lists them in order from lightest to darkest. The happy hours are quick to dismiss the idea that the biggest drawback to micros is cost as a number of selections can be had for under three bucks. House infused cocktails and popular small batch libations are also on hand.Yes...the fries. What's amazing is that few area spots have even tried to duplicate their spin on the classic appetizer that Jonesy's has built much of it's word of mouth around. They are all good, but don't overlook other starters, such as the samosas, because they're pretty darn good too. Same goes for the sliders, with a diverse range of options ranging from lamb to shrimp, representing this booming trend. They're good, but I may argue that the pesto and garlic mussels are even better and for those adventurous enough to go the distance with the lamb & green onion gnocchi...you probably had a meal you told others about. I've made it through ninety percent of the menu, including brunch and there has yet to be an instance of  "I'll never have that again." That's the point though; familiar dishes that one always craves on and off, just in a slightly different presentation.Jonesy's is very laid back and before you know it, you're stealthily made yourself drunk. Perhaps it's because it's not your traditional loud, booming, drinking environment where getting sloshed is on the mind the minute you walk through the door.  The staff here is great and brings a little bit of themselves to the service that you don't get at places where they are fairly animatronic and easily overwhelmed. You may wait five extra minutes for your beer, but what's the rush...this isn't fast food and that mentality will lead to you not really grasping and enjoying the atmosphere here. And as for the bric-a-brac (or everything else), there's a patio (albeit on the less scenic side of the building), there's usually good music playing, there's a bunch of board games when you want to wait out the rain, a pair of pool tables (that seem to be used by the type of people who don't know what to make of the place), sometimes there's live music or trivia and even sponsored beer/wine dinners. When it's closing time, it's quite easy to stumble next door to the Horseshoe for another round.Most venues in uptown are played out and over-crowded and both aspects take away from the neighborhood feel you'd like in a place. Being on the outskirts of the hood, Jonesy's has very quietly offered a reliable getaway from the "frati-fication."
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,7/3/2010,121,143,4,5,4>Mmmmmm, meat. You are tasty. We first went here last summer after helping some friends move. I thought everything was amazing, but also thought it could have something to do with my hunger level after moving! We popped back in the other night around 8pm and found the place pretty dead, which is fine by me! We got seats in the bar and ordered pretty quickly. The onion rings disappeared in cholesterol-laden heartbeat. I didn't intend to order so much food, but didn't see an option to get just a half rack so I ended up with a half rack and catfish (which, of course, comes with toast, baked beans, coleslaw, and potatoes). Hello, tons of food! The ribs were still awesome but I wasn't wowed by the catfish. We coerced some friends into coming over too, so they popped in just in time to down their own onion rings and provide us with a buy-one-entree-get-one-free coupon. Sweet! Service in the bar was a little slow as far as getting drink refills (we kept grabbing the stray passer-by server), but to me, the food made up for it. (Besides, it was 95% face-stuffing, 5% wash it down.) If only they offered some slightly smaller entrees!
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,7/2/2010,66,96,2,5,4>Too much to read?  Here's the quick and dirty:You need to go here, NOW, for the incredible food as well as the amazing renovations that created the beautiful bar that will be the next best happy hour in Denver.For those of you reading for more deets, eat your heart out:You have two kinds of sports bars, one that thinks it is a sports bar because it has a TV in the middle of the bar, and the other that is the kind of place that encourages drinking as many beers as possible before running to the bathroom while 100 college freshmen cheer you on.The Big Game is an entirely different animal.  A friend and I were treated to a meal here after meeting one of the "big guys" at the Cruise Room.  Never one to let my fellow Yelpers out of a review, we took one for the team.  We tried our best to not run them dry, but when we got there, met the staff and looked at the menu we knew we were goners.Settling in for a long night is not a difficult task here.  TVs line every wall, smaller plasma screens are available at booths, allowing you to choose the channel, XBOX and other games are available for friendly competition, you just can't lose with this place.  Sure to please both men and women, the place is both manly and intimate, seductive and sexy.  An enormous fireplace lines one wall and the bar is in a separate room, allowing diners and bar goers two very different experiences.  The menu is another show stopper.  It's not just your usual burgers and beers...they have them, but man do you get one helluva choice.  We tried the happy hour menu first, huge portions, great drink selections and each item under $6- I will be visiting again for happy hour, including the late night one from 10-midnight.  The dinner menu was a thing of beauty; amazing flavors, succulent cuts of meat, perfect sauces, great portion sizes (not too big, not too small).  I would recommend trying the hangar steak and the watermelon ahi ceviche.  We did have the lamb chop but I wasn't as thrilled with it as I was the steak.  For the side: mac and cheese- which to my disappointment was not what I expected.  Just a little bland and dull.All in all, this is a place that I want to take my dad and brother as I know it is right up their alley.  It is also the kind of place that I want my next girl's night to be at as it is just swanky enough to warrant my favorite pair of heels but not too over the top to turn my comfy flip flops away.I have no doubt that this will be one of the newer hot spots this summer, let's just hope the "big guys" let us in past the line that is sure to be going around the building.Why the four stars if I am enamored?See the mac and cheese reference and the bathrooms are a huge let down.  Might sound too harsh but you'll know what I mean if you picture a lavish mansion where everything is perfect, relaxing and beautiful and you're directed to the bathroom down the street at the local gas station.I'll overlook it all though, as I expect great things from this place!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,7/1/2010,92,394,,4,7>It was my third visit to Tables, I'm not sure why I didn't Yelp the first two as I have very fond memories. This visit was different, only in that I wasn't paying which made it even more memorable. I love just about everything about Tables - the location (not in Cherry Creek, LoDo, LoHi, Highland, West Highland etc.). Instead Tables is located on a short commercial street in the area of South Park Hill. This neighborhood is charming and unassuming, just like Tables. On a Wednesday night the place is crowded but not uncomfortably so. We have drinks at the bar before our large group of fifteen (or so) works its way into the dining area (we take up over half the seating area in the room). As this is an "event" the menu is fixed which can sometimes be a problem. Not in this case - the menu is perfect, from appetizer to dessert.Speaking of appetizers - we feast (literally) on Tuna Tartar with avocado, scallions, ginger-soy vinaigrette on wonton crisps. The server keeps bringing more plates to our table of five as we can't get enough. Even the "non-fish" lover at my table is downing this little tuna nibbles with abandon. The marriage of perfectly fresh raw tuna complimented with bits of avocado, neither overpowering the other. The ginger soy vinaigrette is tangy and a little sweet. The wonton crisp gives this creation just the right amount of crunch when you put it in your mouth. Absolutely delicious! The beef on bruscetta is very good but I can't honestly describe it as I was too smitten with the tartar.Next was a salad of Arugula, blue cheese, pistachios in a strawberry-rhubarb vinaigrette. Instead of croutons, the salad was topped with thinly sliced, crispy red beet slices. I could have eaten a plate of the crispy beets alone - and I don't even like beets! The salad gets an 11 on a scale of....well you get the idea.After bread, appetizer and salad my tummy is starting to feel full but I'm so glad that I left room for the main which is even better than everything we've already eaten so far. Dill-tarragon dusted halibut, potato-beet ragout, preserved lemon vinaigrette and crème fraiche is quite simply heaven on a plate. The halibut is moist and flaky with just the right amount of dill-tarragon seasoning. Both dill and tarragon can be overwhelming - I'm impressed that the flavors work so well with the fish. My non-fish loving friend can't believe how much fish she has eaten in one meal and how much she loves it. I'd like to go on and tell you how much I loved the Double Chocolate S'mores graham cracker, marshmallow and chocolate sauce dessert but at that point I was stuffed. Fortunately it's in my frig waiting to be devoured at a later time. Service was great which is saying a lot when you're serving a four-course meal to fifteen people.I'd give Tables six stars if I could.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,6/30/2010,389,548,,5,4>Stopped back in to the Hornet during happy hour time for a quick  meal with the boyfriend before a movie at the Mayan.  The happy hour lasts until 7 and encompasses almost all of their drink offerings.  $2.50 for bottles and they carry some good beers!  I had a 5 Barrel and then a Stoli Blueberry with soda (calls are $3.....awesome).I was having a hard time deciding between the ahi tuna salad and veggie burger (because I wanted something I could add a fried egg to).  Flipped the menu over, a whole other page!  Hornet Veg Out sandwich.  BINGO.  I ordered this with a side salad and wasabi vinaigrette at the recommendation of the server (who was super sweet by the way).My sandwich was deeeeelish.  I feel like lately I've encountered a rash of boring sandwiches and this one really did it for me.  Not only did it have fried eggplant (in my religion, eggplant is god), it also had mushrooms and spinach and cheese and pesto AND a mango mayo (what really sold me).  There were probably some other veggies I'm forgetting.  It was on ciabatta (I think the one they use for toast at brunchtime...only not as toasted and very soft as a result).  Tasty, tasty sandwich. The service and food was great!  Can't wait to head back for happy hour again.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,6/29/2010,20,89,1,4,6>I love Mexican food and Patzcuaro satisfies.  We went last week and I had the camorones el patzcuaro, spicy shrimp in a broth of tomatoes, onion, potatoes with a kick, I like food that is not afraid to be spicy, this was great.My partner had the combination plate with a enchilada, relleno and tostada that was equally gratifying, he loved the green chili.  The house margaritas unbelievably big glasses for 4.50.You can't miss the house made, yes house made horchata that comes in another huge serving, so much that we actually took ours to go but the flavors will remind you of your childhood so perfectly delicious.This is a warm neighborhood place, not at all pretentious but what good food it suppose to be
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,6/28/2010,60,90,2,4,4>Spent part of the afternoon here watching Germany kill Australia in the World Cup on a nice big flatscreen television.  Our party of seven included two kiddos under seven, and the server was nice and patient with our entire party, despite the crowd of tables she had in the front area (we were--strategically?--placed in the back room).This place seems to be one of those under-appreciated spots in Denver.  If you strip away the reputation and hype of the nearby establishment named after an insect, the Milwaukee Tavern measures up very nicely.  I've been here twice before today, and had great experiences both times.  Just the thought of their homemade chicken fingers makes my mouth water.  Opted for the Yucatan Char Grilled Salad today, which was tasty, not to mention, I love when a salad consists of more than just iceburg lettuce.  Plus, eating the fresh avocado slices made me smile.The highlight of today's visit was discovering their Sunday Happy Hour special: $4 Absolut--ALL DAY.  Definitely coming back here for another delicious spicy Bloody Mary,  and if I'm lucky, a screwdriver too!  In fact, they've got daily drink specials that aren't listed on their website.  Everyday after 10pm, Jameson is $3.  That's right!  And then there're Saturdays; $3 Stella Artois all day!  Two of my go-tos.  If you're in the service industry, they'll buy the second drink for you.  Seriously.  It says so on their drink special menu.  Why would I lie?
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2010,6/27/2010,35,160,11,13,6>If there's one thing I miss about eating in Los Angeles (okay so there's a lot of things), it's pupusas.  Pupuserias were all over in L.A, but here in Denver, you have to do some real hunting.  If you have no idea what a pupusa is, it's a Salvadoran treat that is basically a really thick corn tortilla made with cheese, beans, pork, or other ingredients.  It's topped with shredded cabbage and carrots and a thin salsa.  Oh, and it's delicious.  After some research my wife found out about El Chalate, and we made the trek out to east Colfax to give it a try.  What kind of neighborhood is it in?  The business next door apparently specialized in gold teeth and car stereos.  That's not a joke (you'll see if you visit).  There was also a store called "Compton Mart", for any L.A. transplants missing the hometown goodness of Compton.But you aren't visiting for the neighborhood ambience, you're coming out here for the rare pupusa treat, and El Chalate delivers.  The cheese pupusa was an ooey-gooey thick pancake filled with cheese, probably the cheesiest pupusa I've ever had.  I ordered two but was full after one so I packed the other one up for later.They also had some of my favorite sides, like fried plantains and yucca.  If you're never had either of these, fried plantains are essentially less-sweet bananas, fried up until the outside is caramelized.  Fried yucca strips are like a starchier version of potato fries.  I prefer them with a garlic sauce but they're fine on their own.Everyone seemed to really enjoy their lunch, from plain bean pupusas to the pork-tastic chicharrones version.  And the best part?  Lunch for four with a few sodas was $22.  I'll be back, and who knows, maybe I'll get a gold grill while I'm in the neighborhood.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,6/26/2010,94,141,,4,4>This place is just amazing! I can't believe I've walked by here so many times without trying it. One of my coworkers suggested it for lunch. We were hoping to sit on the patio, but all the tables were taken. The inside part of the restauraunt is downstairs. Comfortable ambiance. I was debating between a couple of the paninis and asked the waitress which one she recommended. Without hesitation, she said the Chicken Parmesan Panini is the best. The sandwich was like heaven melting in my mouth. I can't even begin to describe the party of flavors on my tongue. Crunchy crust on the chicken, savory tomato sauce, basil pesto, a saltiness from the fontina and mozzarella, homemade focaccia bread. The simple salad of mixed greens was also delish. My coworkers ordered the sausage pizza and the shrimp salad. Both looked fantastic. The pizza was large enough for 2 people. It would be perfect to share a pizza and get a couple of house salads. One of these days I will take my husband here. We really struggle to make it downtown though (other than me working downtown during the week). I will definitely go back. Not to mention, I saw the owner on Food Network Challenge: Macaroni & Cheese.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,6/25/2010,119,122,5,4,6>Wanting to celebrate a budding romance by going on a dinner date that didn't involve curly fries, the missus suggested one of her favorite neighborhood restaurants: Lala's. NOT wanting to seem like the uncultured brute I probably am, I agreed and we swept off for Capitol Hill's answer to Little Italy.After a lengthy parking debacle (note-to-self: other couples like to dine out on Fridays' too, plan ahead), we finally snagged a prime spot right in front of the restaurant and made our way inside. Our hearts sank after being informed of the hour-plus wait to get a table, but as luck would have it, a couple bar stools opened up within minutes. The fates smiled on us, and now that we were seated, the fates wouldn't be the only ones grinning around here.Since she had recommended it for dinner, I deferred to the misses with that old, boyfriend standby, "What's good here, baby?". She revealed a few options on the menu, all temping, but in my hunger, I opted to try the pizza. Now, when it comes to pizza, I'm a man of simple tastes. I prefer pepperoni and mushroom over quail eggs and arugula (which you can also order here). When faced with the reality of pizza spelled with an 'e', I knew my choice would be easy: go with the nude dude. A Lala's menu original, the 'Il David' consists of:"Naked (of course) three cheeses, herb grilled chicken,artichokes, oven dried tomatoes, roasted garlic and peppadew peppers. 9.75"And folks, let me tell you: Michaelangelo himself would be hard-pressed to prepared such a masterpiece. This was some of the best pizza I've ever tasted. This is the kind of pizza where you want to savor every slice, absorb every flavor, not scarf down and wash back for the next helping. Seriously, the pies here are killer. Now knowing that the pizza's the thing at Lala's, maybe I'll brave the quail's nest next time I'm in here. But rest-assured, if you're a patron of less-discriminating tastes, you can not go wrong with this thin-crusted favorite here. The lady opted for a ravioli dish (I believe this was a special that night, I cannot seem to find it on the menu) which was not overstuffed (not in Boy-Ar-Dee sense, just huge) and delicious, to boot. Although I'm usually content by the time the dessert menu arrives, the misses had raved about the after-dinner treats here, and I happily obliged to share one with her. She choose the Chocolate Giovanni Housemade ("chocolate ganache with a Frangelico hazelnut anglaiseand raspberry puree"), and I went along for the ride. Well Yelpers, what can I say...the lady has great taste. The succulent mix of fruit and nut flavors were made even more savory through the addition of a glass of red wine. I should point out that I'm a relative vino atheist, but the wine selection at Lala's is staggering. (see for yourself: lalaswinebar.com/Site/Me) I considered wetting my whistle with something Kentuckyian, but when I only recognized only a single whiskey bottle on the wall, I opted for a Jack and Coke instead. Hold the Jack. Since we were crammed in at the bar, our bartender was understandably busy, but still made her best effort to tend on us. What we lacked in face time, she made up for in expertise in her drink and dinner menus. Overall, Lala's is the kind of place that I wasn't sure what to make of at first, but once we finally put the car in park and made our way inside, I was met by one pleasant surprise after another (not the least of which was top-notch faux-Italian food). While Lala's might be more upscale than I'm used to, it's fancy WITHOUT being fruity, and therefore certainly warrants future visits. Probably even five stars, if they keep the pizzas up to par. Stay tuned for a riveting quail egg review, coming soon.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,6/24/2010,614,1007,5,5,7>I finally got to check this place out and I love it. It is super tiny and cute inside, but they have an outdoor seating area which is better than average. Perfect for an intimate rendezvous.The staff was friendly and informed.The desserts were phenomenal...so good, they made me re-incorporate the word "phenomenal" back into my vocabulary.I tried the red velvet cupcake. First of all, red velvet is my favorite cupcake flavor of all time. If  they made a tiramisu cupcake, I'm sure this would end my relationship with red velvet, but they don't, so thank God.The frosting is so delicious I'd deny my addiction and steal to get it. Creamy and delicious...ok, I should stop.Try it. This is all.I also tried something else with fruit, but I immediately forgot it once I tried the red velvet. It was good, don't get me wrong, but I'm short term like that...was it raspberry? I don't know, anywho.Go.Eat.Savor the deliciousness.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2009,6/23/2010,237,363,19,20,24>3 Words: Fried. Candy. Bars. Awwwww yeah. Snickers, KitKat, Twix, Whatchamacallit, Butterfinger - you name it, they got it. FRIED.We didn't plan on ordering fried candy bars, but once you find out about them, how can you resist? The rest of the menu is equally impressive. They are clearly very concerned with quality ingredients and great tasting food.The pizza is very good. It's different from any other pizza I've had. The thickness is about the same as a handtossed style pizza, but I think there is a little bit of honey in the crust, because it has a hint of sweetness to it. I like it, but I was a little surprised the first time I took a bite.We like the Meat Lovers pizza the best. It has pepperoni, sausage, chicken and bacon on it. The sausage is interesting because it is sliced like the pepperoni in slices! One time we got some jalapenos on the pizza, but I could tell right away they were pickled and not fresh and prefer it the other way. The appetizers are good too! The jalapeno poppers are delicious. They are huge and filled with the perfect amount (a lot) of cream cheese! These definitely have fresh jalapenos in them! The onion rings are were also solid as were the cheese sticks. The chicken fingers were only so-so. The prices are phenomenal. We recently ordered a medium Meat Lovers pizza, 2 orders of jalapeno poppers and 2 fried candy bars for $25. They said it'd be here in 45 minutes and they were here in 30. I was a little surprised because they bring the card reader to the door when you pay by the card, but now I think it's really cool.Forgive me, but I feel the need for some David Bowie.Rebel rebel, youve torn your dressRebel rebel, your face is a messRebel rebel, how could they know?Hot tramp, I love you so!
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,6/22/2010,186,551,18,4,4>I quit my job today.  It's not that I didn't like my job--I actually did.  The problem was I worked in the Tech Center, and it's just too hard to get downtown for my Biker Jim's fix in an hour, pay for parking, walk to Biker Jim's, then wait in line for my dog.  So, I quit my job in hopes of finding one downtown again.  I need to satisfy my urgings for tasty, spicy Elk with cream cheese and coca-cola carmelized onions served on a wonderfully doughy and slightly sweet bun.  Who wouldn't miss the incredibly tasty and palate rounding German veal dog, especially when Jim talks so passionately about the people who make those dogs.Resume available on request, please submit your address with resume requests.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2009,6/21/2010,138,353,1,6,6>An incredibly cute converted house right in the thick of all the Peal Street bustle, Gaia Bistro is an amazing place to go for breakfast. It's small, it doesn't hold very many people so you WILL wait, many of the other reviewers have noted long wait times, and they aren't lying.  It's not always an hour and a half instead of 20 minutes, but 20 minutes can turn into 40 minutes quite easily (just think of that the next time you sit around at your table for 20 minutes after you finish a meal at a restaurant -- there might be someone waiting for your table.)They have the cutest patio out front, with small tables in what seems to be a "table garden" in a way. The day we went was not a patio day, so we requested to sit inside (our wait was about 25-30 minutes and this added to it.) But it's exactly what you think it is from the outside, a bunch of tables scattered in a house.Service was prompt and friendly, and they used adjectives that made the specials irresistible.  While they are known for their crepes, the ladyfriend had the blackberry stuffed french toast that was crusted with brown sugar and cinnamon (I think.)  They used a little too much egg, but it was wonderful.  I had the quiche of the day, which rotates daily (obv) and this particular day it had ham, onions, and...well some other good stuff.  It was to die for!  They also served it with this really cute side salad (unexpected) that was the perfect side.  Actually no, the perfect side was the two slices of applewood smoked bacon I also ordered, but you get what I mean. The ladyfriend's uncle and the uncle's ladyfriend (did you follow that, or should I draw you a picture?) each got crepes, in a DIY style.  They looked, smelled, and reportedly tasted delicious. My ladyfriend and I also split some coffee, served right on the table in a French Press -- a full French Press got us about 4 cups which was perfect. It was also, hands down, the best coffee I've ever had in my life.  It may be because that was the first time I've ever had coffee from a French Press but hoooly cow.  So good.  Prices are reasonable, a little on the high side for breakfast, but the food is incredibly tasty.  The atmosphere is lovely, and the service is top notch.  I can't wait to go back again -- but next time I'm getting a crepe!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2009,6/20/2010,87,291,,5,4>When I have eaten here in the past, it's usually been kind of late and they are out of Beef Bourguignon. I am sad for a moment and then love whatever else I order instead and forget the sadness. Well, that all changed on Saturday when I arrived here at 5:15 and ordered the Beef Bourguignon. I had a similar moment as the food critic in Ratatouille - when he tries the recipe that brings him back to his childhood - only, my mom's didn't taste like this. This may have been the best thing I've ever eaten. First the presentation and process is unique. You get three bowls. One is an empty dining bowl. One a mashed turnip/ potato combo - rich and decadent. Another includes the stew - which is honestly just pure love in an earthenware crock. You combine the stew and the mash mixture in your empty serving bowl. It is seriously mind blowing. When the waitress came to check in, I raved. Trust me. You need this. it is absolutely the best thing on the menu.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,6/19/2010,33,178,9,10,7>Did you ever see Grumpy Old Men? Ann Margaret asks Walter Matthau if he ever paints and he says, "sure, I paint the shed every spring" (actually, I think he pronounced it "shpring"...but I digress). That's me...not visually creative at all. To my surprise after a glass of wine, armed with some good tunes peppered with helpful instructions (I even got an "atta boy"), I created a masterpiece. Okay, it will probably never make the Met, but it far exceeded my expectations.What a cool place. It was a fun, unique way to spend a Friday night. There was plenty of room for good conversation with friends. And while you might walk out with something that wouldn't even grace your mama's refrigerator, I think you'll have a good time.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,6/18/2010,181,524,3,7,6>I am always on the hunt for good Asian food and ended up at Super Star when King's Land (across the parking lot) was closed for a private party one Saturday morning.  What a stroke of luck!  The dim sum is great and affordable.  You must try the stuffed eggplant and the fried shrimp.  They have the standard assortment of little dumplings and Chinese broccoli. (Yum!).  Eric and I went back for a Chinese New Year's dinner and were not disappointed.  The pan fried noodles and the roasted duck was oh-so-satisfying to my "real" Chinese food cravings.  As far as service goes, dim sum is pretty quick, the dinner was a little slow but it was pretty packed.  It's your typical Chinese restaurant so while the people are nice, it's not exactly fantastic service by Western Standards.  That doesn't bother me at all.This is a place that we are constantly bringing friends to, and will keep doing so.  In fact, I think I want to go this weekend....
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,6/17/2010,397,602,5,8,7>Dear god! These things are serious bidness. Thank you Hans for bringing me here when I was dying of hunger.  He said we could share a sandwich, and I laughed in his face. But I was dead wrong. I ate half and was way too full.I got a steak torta with no tomatoes.  They come with refried beans, fresh sliced avocado, onions and chipotle sauce. Hans spoke spanish to the guy at the counter and got us some hot sauce to accompany these bad boys.  If you do a build your own one meat, its $6.49 plus tax. Specialty sandwiches go up to around $8 or so. They also have amazing horchata that refreshed me on a rather warm day!I'll be back for certain, just next time I'll bring Matt to share my other half or get a small!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,6/16/2010,108,232,3,8,8>I didn't know what to expect when I wandered into this cute, little shop, other than the signage suggested meats and cheeses, which are among my favorite things.Inside I was greeted by a beautiful woman who gave me samples and dropped her supreme knowledge about all things cheese, like a professor of yumminess. I was in absolute awe of her, and had to stop her from teaching me anything more, as I would have kept purchasing beyond my means.With four wedges of milky wonder and a baguette in hand, all that was needed was the perfect bottle of wine... The Truffle Cheese Shop was amazing. The service was above and beyond. I can't wait for my next crash course in yum there.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,6/15/2010,702,888,7,14,7>This is quite a bargain for massages. I've only had one massage in my life, 3 years ago at a foo foo lodge and spa that bears no resemblance to Heritage College. So walking into the lobby here was a little bit different. Sparse would be an exaggeration. This is not your pampering experience with dim lighting, hushed music, hot tea and pleasant aromas. It's more along the lines of waiting to see your guidance counselor in high school, with a few old magazines on the wall. My husband and I filled out forms and then were taken back to a big dark room that was sectioned off into mini rooms by dark curtains. It was a little funny being right next to my husband, especially because it was his first massage and he was in there with what looked like an awkward teenage boy. I don't think he was all that thrilled but I was surprised afterward when he said it was "fine" and not "I'm never doing that again". My massage was awesome, very relaxing and I was ready for a nap afterwards. They do play quiet music in that room. Got a free bottle of water too. For $24 for 60 minutes or $34 for 90 minutes, it's a great deal. They offer hot stone massages as well for a few bucks more and I may try that next time. The other services and prices in Gitana's review are all still valid. I don't think massages will become part of my normal routine, and I would still pay more for a massage at a fancier spot if the opportunity arose, but for the price of a pedicure, I can't complain.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,6/14/2010,500,166,8,10,12>Oh, now you know I couldn't stay away from the Havana Street Business Improvement District for long! Those are my peepz, my home slices. [AHEM] Anyway, it's time for another review. This one concerns the delightful Korean-owned establishment known as Sushi Katsu. On each of my visits to this rather cozy and charmingly-decorated eatery, the items I've tried from the sizable menu have been prepared with great care and attention to detail. Get those tastebuds a-tingling with some crunchy, tangy Seaweed Salad. Or enjoy the sophisticated smoothness of Ankimo (steamed monkfish liver). Alternatively, if you really want to begin with a bang, you can try their Creamy Jalapeno, stuffed with crab, tuna and cream cheese, then deep-fried. But don't forget about the sushi and sashimi, will you? At least, I'm assuming that's why you set foot in here. Yea, there's yellowtail, salmon, and halibut, but there's also octopus with lemon, and pepper-seared albacore for your delectation. And I haven't even mentioned the rolls yet! With ingredients like Yamagobo (burdock root), Masago (smelt eggs) and Yuba (beancurd skin), and names like Havana, 911, and Marilyn Mon Roll, you're sure to find something you like. You can even get some of the rolls baked. (Dewwwwwd, he said Baked! Hahahahahahaha). Before I get too far off track (yes, again), I should briefly mention the all-you-can-eat special offered at Sushi Katsu. For $13.95 at lunch and $23.95 at dinner, you can get as much as you can stuff in from a slightly downsized selection of the restaurant's offerings (other items can of course be added for an additional stipend). But think before you order - the more you leave on your plate at the end, the more you have to pay (on top of the set price). So choose wisely, won't you? And so concludes my review of Sushi Katsu. Arigato!
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,6/13/2010,267,467,,8,8>Saturday, Saturday, Saturday night's alright - etc.  Well, this Saturday night was definitely more than just alright.  First visit to Troy's eponymous new venue and we had a blast.  The people watching alone is worth the price of admission.  Talk about your diverse crowd.  Older folks, younger folks, totally hipster/tattoo/stiletto and skin tight jean folks - you name it, they were there and mingling nicely.  The place was hopping that's for sure and everyone seemed to be having a very jolly time.  So jolly that holding a conversation was tough but we're getting used to that - hard wood floors, brick walls, high ceilings, opening kitchen = plenty of buzz but no chance for any intimate conversations.So, we arrived for our reservation right on time but no table.  Waited maybe five minutes in the freezing cold front vestibule - no biggie.  Waiter (Ryan) was extremely nice and very helpful with recommendations.  We could have avoided a couple of mistakes if we'd paid closer attention.To begin she had the Amante Picante -tequila, cilantro, english cucumber, jalapeño, and lime - served up in a cocktail glass - $8.  Not my kind of cocktail be she made short work of it.I had a Club Soda (yawn) - off the hard stuff for my New Year's reso.Starters - the lady had the Flash Seared Australian Hiramasa - looked a lot like Sushi Den's Hamachi Jalepeno Sashimi to me but she thought is was terrific ($14).  I ate the best roasted beet salad of my life.  Oh baby, it was delish - could have maybe used a little more goat cheese but I'm not complaining.  The portion was more than enough to share ($9).  The beets were still warm and corralled in two single thick cut rings of braised red onion, sided with a lovely salad of fresh greens tossed with a white balsamic vinaigrette with candied cashews.  The dressing was broken so with some bites you got oil and some bites you got straight vinegar.  I don't know if it was intentional but it actually worked well to counteract the sweetness of the beets.Mains - I have no idea what possessed her to order them but she had the Kobe beef sliders with duck fat fries ($12) and she hated them.  Apparently the caramelized onions were overly sweet and the bun to meat ratio was unacceptable.  The duck fat fries, despite all the hype, were not really that special - kind of limp and they had some sugar on them - blech.  You want flawless fries, go to LoHi.  So, she mis-ordered which I knew but I also knew to keep my mouth shut.  So she ended up eating off my plate of the world's best Miso Black Cod ($27) served with artichoke edamame salsa, pea sprouts and a yuzu sauce.  I was happy to share because it was a very generous portion of the best fish I've had in Denver in many a moon.  If you go to TAG you must order it - no question asked.Dessert - I'm trying to get ready for the beach so I passed.  She is not trying to get ready for the beach and ordered the Sticky Toffee Cake with bourbon butterscotch ice cream, chocolate truffles (unnecessary),  raspberry passion sauce and hot toffee sauce ($9).  Delish but perhaps a couple too many elements that didn't quite gel.  Didn't stop us from chowing right down on it though in spite of my diet.The Sauce - Penner-Ash Pinot ($105) - and a wonderful Pinot it is, but, its $44 at Argonaut.  So, you get the whole restaurant mark-up thing.  I've seen worse recently.  They really get you on the wines by the glass - $13 for a glass of La Crema Chard - $19 for a bottle retail.So, a fine time was had by all despite a couple of minor missteps.  I'm looking forward to giving them another shot soon and I suspect that last star is lurking in the wings and ready to step up and shine.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,6/12/2010,132,85,3,4,5>So I've had dim sum in LA & SF and I can honestly say Star Kitchen can hold it's own. Not to mention it's a little further east of the Pacific Coast, so it's safe to say most of us won't be comparing the 3 on regular basis. As usual, I don't have the faintest idea of what I ate but enjoyed every last bite or bit that I nibbled on. Liked the spinach skin shrimp dumplings most and just about all the seafood I could get my sticks on. Must admit though I'm not a fan of tiny snails, too much work for the meat, ala the sunflower seed equivalent of Dim Sum in my opinion. As an added bonus I made it on Chinese New Year, (Year of the Cougar as we don't have Tigers that I've noticed in Denver) The celebration was loud, smokey & fun, with a roost of dragons bouncin around in high tops and tons of charisma. Fed the awesome beasts like an ATM for good luck even!! Safe to say I'll be back next year, aka 'Year of the Arctic Hare'...
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,6/11/2010,158,103,3,4,6>Thank goodness for parks like Wash Park! During the off-peak times of the day, this is the best place to chill in this part of town. If you can dodge the almost crazed dog-police, you can enjoy a nice time with your pooch in the middle of the park, while your doggie gets to run free!  I don't recommend breaking the law, but if you are going to break any law, letting your dog have a brief moment of freedom and bliss in the safest part of the park seems to be a reasonable one to me.Only thing, the city of Denver could take lead from other dog-friendly states and add more doggie-bag stations and trash cans through-out the park. This would definitely help with the dog-waste problem which seems always an issue...Tennis, rollerblading, b-ball, volleyball, afternoon picnics, whatever..you can do it here. All with a great view of the rockies! (And every now-and-again, a good view of the local firemen...never a bad sight.):)
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,6/10/2010,10,35,6,17,11>I cannot believe a place of this quality exists here in Denver. Lao Wang's can stand toe-to-toe with A&J's, Ding Tai Fung, or any other big name Taiwanese eatery that might come to mind, and possibly beat them out--they are that good. Walking up to the restaurant, I was perplexed at the frosted windows or the sheer curtains, but as I approached I realized that the windows were dripping with condensation... on the INSIDE. With the steamers on full blast, the interior of the restaurant envelops you in anti-wintery warmth. The couple that owns this place are awesome. They don't have to make these xiao long bao, guo tie, or niu rou mian to such high standards, but they do this for the fun of it, for the *love* of it. And it shows. The beef noodle soup is excellent, with what feel and taste like homemade noodles, boiled just right so that they are both chewy and soft at the same time. To boot, we were delighted, and so was Wang Ma Ma when we asked for it, to find they had suan cai (pickled mustard greens) to go along with the soup. They must make this themselves too. In any case, ask for it with your soup and you'll impress Wang Ma Ma and your palate.The guo tie (pot stickers) are crisp, chewy, and juicy. 5 stars, no question. Last time I was back in China, I went looking for my favorite pot sticker street stall and found they were gone. They must have moved to Denver, because these pot stickers are that good.Finally, my favorite, the xiao long bao, soup dumplings. It is so easy to screw these up. The skin is usually too thick, the filling too dry. Or if not, the skin falls apart, the soup is too fatty. It's not like a regular dumpling where you can just boil the heck out of it and still eat it. Xiao long bao take skill to make and to steam. These are it. Not one of em broke, and the skin was translucent,  the soupiness had great flavor. Use the black vinegar for dipping these and the guo tie. Not the soy sauce. You can use the distilled vinegar if you want, but please no soy sauce. Just the vinegar. The sour accentuates the savory flavors and the mouthfeel of the morsels. You know what a soy sauce thing looks like, pick up the other black liquid condiment thing.They also sold us a bag of frozen xiao long bao to take home. Fantastic! Midnight snacking will never be the same now that I know these guys are down the street.I am going to read the sub-4 star reviews here to see what could possibly have detracted from this authentic, awesome, hole-in-the-wall gem that Denver has turned up, but truly, it is a municipal treasure. Put a brass plaque on it.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,6/9/2010,57,284,21,8,15>Today was one of the best days that I've had since moving to Denver.Why, you might ask?Thanks for your concern. You're too kind. And seriousy, it's because of kind, wonderful people like you that I decided to move here in the first place. So thank you for that. But on to my review.Today, I went to H Mart. Now, we had an H Mart back in Bmore, and I used to shop there all of the time. It was wonderful. Absolutely wonderful. But when I moved out here, I was dismayed to see such a tiny selection of markets mostly centered at Federal, and Pacific Mercantile with it's wonderful selection yet inflated import prices. And then, someone told me that we have an H-Mart here. JOY OF JOYS!I went there today, and as soon as I saw the Hahn Au Reum sign I literally did a litte dance in my car... much to the amusement of the carfful of cute girls driving next to me. I WAS SO HAPPY TO SEE IT AGAIN!!!I went in and danced further. Their selections were even better here than in Baltimore!! The place was MUCH larger than what I was used to.... OoooOOOOooOoooooOOOooO BABY!!! TALK BULGOLGI TO ME BABY!!!Now I have to contend with my own soul- do I go out to eat tonight or google some exotic recipes with taro, pork belly, hijiki, and kezuro-bushi? I'm torn!!!Their selections are extensive. Their produce section is both vast and fresh, with fruits that you've never heard of (but will LOVE) and vegetables that look like your mom just brought them in from the garden (you should call her, btw).Now, the only question that you really need to ask yourself is... what's for dinner? And is it something that Scott will like? His reviews are so great. I should invite him over for dinner...
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,6/8/2010,41,106,2,4,6>As a Chicago native, there are a few things I pine for being a Colorado resident.  One of them is real Chicago style pizza, which I have lost hope of ever finding here.  The second is an Italian Beef Sandwich, on Gonnella bread, soaked in au jus until it falls apart, and topped with sweet and hot Giardinera peppers.  (Note, describing the latter will get you strange looks from your Colorado native friends.  Some will even have the nerve to say "Ohhh you mean a Philly Cheese Steak without cheese?"  NO!)I passed by this place on the way to Colorado MIlls mall.  I had never seen it before because it is located directly across the street from Casa Bonita, which is obviously more eye-catching.  Plenty of authentic Chicago style items on the menu, like Italian Beef, Italian Combo, Hot Dogs, Bratwurst, Fannie May Candies, Jay's potato chips, and Green River soda.  They are so true to Chicago brands that their Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich is made with Jewel store-brand peanut butter.The decor is also another tribute to all Chicago sports teams, politics, and of course the Blues Brothers.The staff will remember you if you go in more than a few times, not a stretch for someone like me who would make the drive from Erie just for a little taste of home.So, why only 4 stars?  If 5 stars is "As good as it gets."  I gotta say I'd take a sandwich from Al's Beef over this place any day.  But in Colorado, this is a very worthwhile substitute.Lastly, never, ever, ask them for a fork if you order the Italian beef unless you want to hear some obscenities.  Grab a big stack of napkins and do your best with your fingers.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,6/7/2010,175,855,2,8,4>If I had to describe the high tea at the Brown Palace in one word it would be grand. The beautiful lobby of the Palace hosts the afternoon tea. As you sit beneath the beautiful stained glass ceiling you are serenaded by the classical piano close by. The tables are set with the finniest china and silver. And the service is attentive and knowledgeable about all things tea! They make you feel welcome and taken care of, even if high tea isn't something you do every day. There are several types of tea service you can chose from, but we chose the signature tea. Each of the guests are brought their own pot of tea and a tiered server is brought out for the table filled with desserts, finger sandwiches and scones. The scones are out of this world good and coupled with the Devonshire Cream they are a sinful indulgence. The finger sandwiches are just good fun. Who knew a cucumber sandwich could be so delish? And finally, the pastries are mini sugary delights. I loved the lemon lavender petit fours! They were beautiful and tasty. All in all it was a wonderful experience. I would go back in a heartbeat! Go for a special occasion and get your tea on!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,6/6/2010,79,146,,5,5>We started going to Taki before they even had their liquor license.  I think they'd been open a week on our first visit.  We've been back many times since and I can say it just gets better and better.  The miso is delicious and always perfectly hot.  Not so much that you can't dig in, but just right!  And it's got such a great flavor.  I love it. The variety of rolls is really fantastic, too.  Not so many that it's overwhelming, but just enough so you can try a lot of different things.  And for those folks who aren't into sushi, don't count their non-sushi menu out.  My daughter won't eat sushi, but still loves a trip to Taki for the other items. On top of the staff being really friendly, their prices are great AND they have take out!  Yeah!  Love that.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,6/5/2010,33,37,1,5,5>I happened upon The Squeaky Bean accidentally. You see, I'm not too hip on The Highlands, and I got lost.  I pulled over to look at my map, and The Squeaky Bean caught my eye.  I went in.This place is so cute.  I sit down at the bar and admire the details, and I'm feeling I might not be cool enough for this place.My tea comes in a fancy triangular tea bag and an ultra-hip stainless kettle.I wasn't too hungry, but I ordered buttered toast with cinnamon sugar.  And I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  I contemplated going home and toasting myself some bread.Finally, my toast arrived.  It looked amazing.  I know that 'toast' is one of the most boring foods, but not this one.  It was a delicious sourdough loaf.  It was chewy, and crunchy, and buttery, and sweet- pretty much, perfection.I forgave my toast for taking so long, and happily enjoyed the rest of it.After glancing at the menu, I can not wait to try this place for a full meal.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,6/4/2010,105,103,8,10,8>I'm also throwing up a five star for Seth and the rest of the crew at Rise and Shine. What a great way to start the day! Enjoy a delicious (and inexpensive) biscuit with fresh brewed coffee served by a small business owner who truly appreciate your business. I already loved this place, but my last trip here on Kentucky Derby Saturday came with a revelation. I no longer want to die in my sleep peacefully. I had a vision in which I was buried alive by the biscuit of the day. And it was glorious.  Although the name of the "B.O.D." was off putting at best (Kentucky Hot Brown anyone?), this was a truly amazing and addictive concoction. Spicy and creamy melted cheese with finely chopped turkey on a biscuit. Good Gawd Amighty. I had to go back (line be damned ) to purchase another.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2009,6/3/2010,112,168,7,7,8>Holy mackerel .... Glory be ..... DANG!!!!!! This stuff is damn good!!! Like tell all your friends and neighbors, scream it from the rooftops and go back real soon good! I was both shocked and amazed! So we were running errands and we were getting hungry... enter Famous Dave's. I don't give 5 stars to chains, I also don't give 5 stars to places if it's my first time there. Today I break both aforementioned rules with this review. Ashamed ??? Hell NO!!! Our server was Verona and she was awesome. She answered questions, was genuinely happy because we were so happy and did this cool BBQ sauce demonstration and explained each one. We all got to taste them, I love me some sauce and a whole bunch all set out like that, like an Easter parade... things don't get much better than this. I had a big Blue Moon and it complemented the BBQ perfectly! This next part of the story should have its own review not just it's own paragraph. Three words ...Fried Onion Strings. I could easily commit a crime over such a dish, a crime of passion. These were sinful, insane, ridiculous and sublime. They were perfect and when we realized we could drag them through our BBQ sauce that had been perfectly presented by Verona...well let's just say it got quiet ..really quiet ,just chewing and gulping ...everyone keeping a watchful eye on their opponent. Disclaimer... lots of napkins were destroyed during this portion of the meal. I would say an extra rib in both the platter combo and kid meal would be swell. 3 rather than 2 would be waaay better! However that is the ONLY improvement they could make. These ribs, with whatever sauce you want to douse them in, Crazy !!!!! Seriously some of the BEST I've ever had! I am planning to work the riblets into the meal next time! The amount of catfish I got was a lot, really it was. It was fresh and yummy and we all had some. Jessie had the hotlink thingy...it was HUGE! So with exception of the ribs the portions here are quite large. Hmmmm what have I forgotten ...OMG The Corn Muffins ?!?!?! Oh Heavenly Days !!! They were so moist, and plump, and sweet and perfect, some serious weight behind these muffins. Easily the best I've ever had! The coleslaw was good too, maybe just needed a touch of salt and a dash of hot sauce. Oh goodness I almost forgot the steak fries ...Wowie ..Ok.. well...I may have just about covered it all. OH...and dessert .... JUST KIDDING !!!!! But I am going back for some very very soon!
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2009,6/2/2010,8,67,9,7,3>Much like several of the other early afternoon Snoozegoers I began my journey a wee-might hungover. That said, I found the hostesses assertion that I would have to wait 1.5 hours a little bit daunting. Despite the wait I decided to stick it out; the weather was nice, there was a Starbucks in the vicinity, and a nice patch of grass for me to lay on while I sobered up. And if the "sobering up" thing got old I could always order a bloody mary or a mimosa from the bar.Several of the younger hungover people ahead of me in rank succumbed to their pain caves after only 30 minutes. Fortunately for us, most twenty-somethings are hangover amateurs and are woefully afflicted by the need for instant gratification. This only sped up my time in purgatory, and 45 minutes after putting my name on the list I was ushered in to air conditioning and pancake heaven.I ordered a 3 egg scramble with feta, mushrooms, onions, and pico and a side of bacon. My husband ordered a breakfast burrito con churizo. The waitress who served us was extremely helpful in recommending the perfect hangover remedy, as if by looking at us she could sense the fact that we drank 3 bottles of champagne between us the night prior.  Due to our fragile condition, and the fact that the only communication we were capable of was simple yes/no answers and head nods, we greatly appreciated this woman's take charge attitude. She also suggested the flight of pancakes, of which we selected the cinnamon roll, blueberry, and ginger peach cakes.  For those who are not that into pancakes (much like my husband and I) this is the way to go. As my husband said "Eating these pancakes is like having your mouth fu*ked by a team of professionals," and despite the vulgarity I am inclined to agree...not that I would know what having my mouth fu*cked by a team of professionals feels like. Bottom line: Whether hungover or of sound mind/body I recommend snooze as a fun, hip, quality place to chow. The menu has a variety of selections and the wait staff is knowledgeable and helpful. My only advice is that if you are hungover/impatient you must  mentally and emotionally prepare yourself for a wait time of at least 45 minutes. That said, I thoroughly enjoyed Snooze clutching me to its soft bosom and nursing me back to life this morning. Because sometimes we all need a nice cinnamon roll bosom to rest our pounding heads on.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,6/1/2010,185,251,2,5,6>Two words:  Bacon Jam.  Two more:  So delicious!I stopped in Rack and Rye to have a snack before the Avs game last night and was very pleased.  The place itself is shabby-trendy, with exposed brick and a metal bar.  There were two long tables, I'm thinking for community style dining and several high tops for small parties.The Bacon Jam, which is a sweet-ish concoction of bacon, caramelized onions and spices is served with fresh baguette pieces and slices of tomato.  The whole dish worked so well together.  And bonus:  the dish was $5.00!  Wow!After that, I had the grilled cheese sliders (fresh mozzarella, Gruyere and a Parmesan frico inside), which I normally would have loved.  But it fell a little flat after that wonderful Bacon Jam.I had a drink of sparkling wine, vodka and lychee syrup called a Gilded Lilly.  Also delightful!I can't wait to go back to Rack and Rye with friends, to try more of the interesting, and I'm sure, delicious, menu!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,5/31/2010,35,100,6,10,7>If the cast members of "Jersey Shore" were to ever grace Denver with their presence, they would surely find out about this place and eat there for lunch.  "G.T.L." would become "G.T.L.C.": "Gym, Tan, Laundry, & Carbone's."  FIST PUMP.This place is really a gem.  It honestly and truly is.  You walk in, and you feel as if you've been transported to a 1954 local Italian deli.  There are sadly few, if any, places that will still give you that historical and family feel.  The second you enter the door, you know it's 100% authentic and legit, and you know you're gonna get quality service and good quality product.They have nearly everything imaginable: meats, sausages, cheeses, pastas (fresh and dried), gnocchi (fresh), sauces (imported from Italy), olive oils, etc.  You can walk in there and get every ingredient necessary to prepare a fully authentic Italian feast.  What's even better is that the prices are quite reasonable for what you're getting (which is not some crappy Prego sauce or cheap sausage like you can find at any grocery store).  It's the real deal.While I didn't buy any of this deliciousness, I did buy an Italian meatball sandwich (because I am obsessed with finding the best meatball sandwich in Denver....if you have any suggestions, PLEASE let me know).  It was great, but imperfect.  The bread was fresh.  The cheese was freshly cut.  The meatballs were WHOLE (which is a MUST in my book....none of the chopped or sliced meatball shenanigans).  You can order mild or hot peppers (I obviously got the hot ones, which were warmly spicy).  The sandwich was good, but a little on the dry side.  Next time I'll ask for extra red sauce on the side, and I'm sure it'll rise to the level of "fantastic."I will be back, with or without copious amounts of hair gel.  G.T.L.C. 4-eva.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,5/30/2010,639,447,2,8,11>After seeing the movie "Beer Wars," I decided I was going to start giving my money to local and/or independent brewers to support the fine art of beer making. And this little gem in Denver is far and away my favorite brewer in Denver. Not only that, but I love their brewery. They offer it up to the community so readily and they are constantly throwing parties there complete with bands and vittles. Besides being a little warm (come on guys, its a brewery, beer comfort, not our own, comes first), this place is inviting and in a very interesting part of town. The owners love being a part of the Denver community and it shows. They embrace new brewers and love to be involved in many a goings on in Denver (need I state that they are nearly a staple at most Yelp elite events?). Awesome people, awesome place, awesome beer. What more could anyone want in a business?
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,5/29/2010,34,238,14,5,7>Oddly, I ended up in here twice in one day, the first time was for Irish Nachos and White Russians.  That was a good time.  Their Irish Nachos are very thick Potato chips, Corned Beef, lots of Cheese, Horseradish Sauce, and Green Onions.  It sounds not all that great, but I was very fond of it.  Still, I probably won't be ordering that every time I go just because it's far from a light snack.  Corned Beef is the Bacon of Cow.  I don't know why it's not more popular than it is, but I wonder if it's because food that is popular in the U.K. is assumed to be disgusting.  Then again, the only difference between Pastrami and Corned Beef is that one sounds Italian and has more Pepper.  But I dare you to order the same sandwich with Corned Beef instead.  Not going to happen, is it?  The second time I was in here that day I was wearing a Christmas sweater, drinking Grape Vodka and Club Soda, and eating Fried Pickles.  Using my outside voice, I said that either I was either way too comfortable with my masculinity, or that I had none left.  I was not content with the response I got.  I'm sure they were joking.  The Fried Pickles were really good, and they seemed kind of spicy.  If they're too spicy, dip them in the complimentary Ranch dressing.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,5/28/2010,100,203,8,8,7>Somehow or another I have managed to avoid the Starbuck and Coffee shop craze that has evolved in years past.  I guess caffeine and flavored coffee never offered enough appeal to get me to be a regular at these joints.  However, by Hot Chick a Latte incorporating attractive, half naked female servers, they just may have formed my caffeine addiction.What a genius business plan.  Why on earth has this never been thought of before?  I guess safety and litigation come into play when you have half naked girls handling and serving scolding hot liquids.  Either way, Hot Chick a Latte weighed the risks and opted for the high insurance premiums thus bringing an ingenious business operation. I came here for the first time on a Saturday afternoon.  Patrons can either order through the drive-thru or the front counter which means the patio outside allows for patrons to partake in the usual loitering that exist in coffee shops.  Walking to the counter, it turned out that the woman sunbathing on the patio was actually the barista.  Dressed in bikini bottoms and just an apron, she greeted me pleasantly and jumped over the counter to prep my order.  Obviously these girls work for tips, so of course she was pleasant and flirty.  Today's theme was apron attire (that's right, just an apron).  There is a theme for every day of the week including safari, nurse, etc...I apologize that I was too distracted to remember the rest of them.Looking at the menu, they offer an assortment of coffee options, as would a Starbucks, along with iced drinks, juices, smoothies, protein shots, and some baked goods.  Cup sizes are exactly that.  No short, tall, grande, or venti here, but rather B, C, D, and Double D.  Clever!  I'm sure you can get any of your flavored lattes or caramel macchiato drinks here as you would at Starbucks, but I ordered just a regular black coffee in a "C" cup.  All in all, it was a decent cup of coffee, but we all know the real reason why people come here.  Prices are relative to what you would pay anywhere else, but keep in mind, there's a tip jar.  Boy am I a sucker. $5 for a cup of coffee.  I have no regrets.Doubtful that I will become a regular, but whenever I need a caffeine fix and a confidence boost, this is where I'll go.  Most likely that will be on safari day!
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,5/27/2010,242,830,4,5,4>Elitch Lanes is a fun place to grab some drinks with your friends and play a few games.We like their Tuesday Night deal:  $5.00 cover with $.25 cent games.  Also for a quarter:  Hot Dogs.  (And they're not awful, either.  As far as hot dogs go.)The staff is friendly, and the bartender remembers us (and sometimes what we drink, too.)  We grab a pitcher of Avalanche Ale, tie on our garishly ugly bowling shoes, and kill a few hours of time for roughly $7. Plus... it's "Exercise."  Haha.Wednesday nights are $1 games, $1 Sliders, and $1 Avalanche Drafts.They have league nights, so check their schedule before heading over. Also, just up Tennyson, you'll find some great gems of little restaurants and bistros, along with art galleries and boutiques.  It's a cute little area.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,5/26/2010,118,148,4,3,5>This review is much better. You see I have found the trick to the Central branch. I will share my findings with all of you fine yelper's. 1. Go online to choose books, place them on hold. Then they will set them aside from you thus avoiding the creepers in the stacks. I am a slow learner of the interwebs, and I can do it. So can you.2. If online library-ing is not an option, wear your earbuds. This makes it much easier to pretend not to see the man in the fiction section wearing women's snow boots, checking out the ladies. Wink wink.3. Laugh. There is some funny stuff happening and it makes for great texts to friends that are also library frequenters. There you have it. Once I found out how to handle the library I have found this errand much more pleasant, especially on a sunny Monday afternoon.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,5/25/2010,59,173,,7,6>If I lived in Arvada and didn't care a smidge about my weight, I think I'd be curled up by this adorable little venue's fireplace every week to delve into their latest cheesecake flavor.After our 4th anniversary dinner, I mentioned the word "cheesecake," which started us on an hour-long journey around the Denver metro area - aided by my iPhone's Yelp application and Google maps - on a quest for awesome cheesecake.  While there is a Pasquini's not far from our house, we wanted to try someplace new.Eventually we decided we might as well head over Arvada-way and see what this place turned up.  I could not have been more pleasantly surprised to find this store front is actually an older, smaller house with a nice little path and old-fashioned store sign out front.  Upon entering, I felt an instant desire to come back with a good book... the first room includes a small yet blazing fireplace with comfy armchairs for people to sit and enjoy the ambience as well as their dessert.  Further in, a second larger room provides more table-and-chair seating areas if that's your fancy.But back to what this place actually provides... some flippin' amazing cheesecake!  The man and I had to choose from about 15 different types and flavors.  They offer smaller mini-cheesecakes for $2 a piece, and the larger ones (probably good for 4 people) are $6 each.  I opted for the Oreo Cheesecake, while my husband got the Cherry-Topped Cheesecake.  We also each purchased a mini to try later:  I chose the Cafe Au Lait, and he chose the Sour Cream Vanilla.  Like I said, there were LOTS to choose from.  They also provide brownies and cupcakes (HUGE).Service was very friendly and personable too.  For old town Arvada, this place has the perfect ambience, decor, and products to offer.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,5/24/2010,93,211,10,6,6>i love this place, they got the bar and loved it for what it was and didn't try to change it. that's part of what i love about denver in general, all of the original signage and buildings that are still being well loved. anyway, there might be a lull in service and a few hipsters there, but i love it because it's so far removed from everything else that the people who are there are the people who want to be there (well, and a few colfax locals, but that's what makes it great). they pretty much have the same stuff stocked as sputnik, which means good cheap canned beers and pretty much whatever liquor you want. i'm in love with the two huge matching lamps that they have in there, on dim i might add. i think one of the reasons i love this bar so much is that it follows my cardinal rule of being a bar: keep the lights down! seriously, if you're out drinking, everyone looks better is dim light and it makes people way more comfortable and happy, not to mention more likely to get laid. here's to a new friday night routine, lost lake pre game, rockbar finale.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,5/23/2010,80,214,5,6,7>I died and went to heaven.  And no, heaven isn't high up in the sky which I had always thought.  It's in Denver on Corona street.  Not lined with angels playing trumpets, rather cookies and lollipops.Are those authentic "Belgian waffles"?  I have no idea, the only area of expertise I have in Belgian matters is with beer.  Belgian or not, the waffles are a little slice(mould?) of heaven.  Delectable and sugary sweet with a nice firm consistency.  We ordered a coffee and egg bagel, both of which were fine.  I'm already planning my next trip to the great now-known.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,5/22/2010,134,373,5,5,6>Sometimes I am a low slearner.  My cousin, Mark L. reviewed Tarasco's almost four months ago and I am just now getting around to eating there?  All I can say is, "what the hell took me so long?"The carnitas mole' was like nothing I have ever touched my tongue to.  To describe the mole' in earthly terms is to short the intense and complicated flavors.  I ate it and my whole body began to sweat from the spiciness, and yet, my mouth never burned.  How is that possible?  The mole' at Tarasco's must surely be heaven sent, there can be no other explanation.  The pork simply melted in my mouth.  Had this with the Ensalada de Nopal which was simply delightful in its own right.I also ate some Mexican hot dogs there last Saturday night.  Rode right up on the Harley and ordered one.  Immediately upon finishing it, I ordered another.  I could have continued this cycle for another 15 or 20 hot dogs, especially being on the motorcycle where there is no need to roll down a window after each unfriendly escape of unkind winds.  The grilled hotdogs are chicken (not beef or pork) and wrapped in bacon.  Served on a bun with tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, mustard, ketchup and mayonnaise.   In my life, I never expected to eat either ketchup or mayo on a hot dog, but it seems that I am a convert when the dog is bacon-wrapped chicken with heaping mounds of toppings.If you want to enjoy some top quality Mexican food, try Tarasco's.  If you are looking for a cheap Mexican dinner or the nine item combination platter smothered in cheese, try somewhere else.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,5/21/2010,238,144,21,7,19>No paternity test needed. I'm having a food baby, and it's Park Burger's. I didn't know, I was a Park Burger virgin, and being my first time, I didn't use any condiments. Now look at me, I'm already showing! I had heard the stories, Park Burger was new on the Denver burger scene, but was causing a buzz. I thought, it might be good, but there's no way it will challenge the Cricket as my favorite burger in Denver. Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a contender! I ordered the New Yorker, which is a 1/3 lb patty topped with corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and thousand island dressing. I also piled on the other fixins, the lettuce, tomato, pickles, and raw onions. Normally, I breathe between bites. To give you an idea...imagine the Nature Channel, when the hyenas get a hold of a water buffalo, except I wasn't nearly as restrained. It was cooked perfectly, pink in the middle, the way any self respecting animal should eat meat. The bun was soaked in juice and dressing. this burger was like good sex, messy, uninhibited, and oh so gratifying. The kind that makes you want to break the guy code about waiting 2 days to call. I want another round right now. Hmmm, maybe a little nap first. We also ordered the sweet potato fries, LL had the mini and to drink a peanut butter and chocolate shake and I had an IBC root beer. I am normally so so on sweet potato fries, but these were damn good. And that shake?? Good God, I am going to need an angioplasty, but it's worth it. Delicious. Excellent service with a smile. The great food may be clogging my arteries and stopping my heart, but those lovely servers got my heart pounding once again. I will most definitely be back.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2009,5/20/2010,212,239,10,15,14>Pokeity poke poke poke pokeity poke. What is that you say? Affordable acupuncture? Why yes! They offer a sliding scale for payment, my first visit I was only charged 40 bucks for a private consultation, a shoulder to cry on, a relaxing session with needles up and down my back - I know! Sounds horrible, but it wasn't. Thanks for the recommendation Tara B.!!I left feeling much better and the next day I felt even better. Heading back next week and I am always amazed when I receive more attention and care from people who are not my primary doctor. These women (Jessica was my poker) have traveled to study in China and just have a way better vibe and energy about them. Maybe if big insurance companies spent less money on advertising trying to convince us of the great care they give us and more on actual patient care, everyone would leave there feeling as good as when leaving Meeting Point. Wait, that is going to happen, so head on over and have your moment of Zen. I know, wrong culture, but whatever.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,5/19/2010,135,320,2,5,7>I tried something new today, and at the suggestion of one of my dining companions, Heidi, I kept it simple (it's not what you think).  After vigorously quaffing a watermelon boba, and getting a cold headache - you know what I mean - I slowed down and enjoyed the rest of the syrupy sweet goodness.  Drinking a boba is an interesting experience.  After each sip you get to chew on a tapioca pearl or two.  I am definitely hooked.A contingency of Yelpers swooped down on this establishment today - adding to the mass of people that were waiting to get in and enjoy.   I would say this was a successful Grand Opening.  This new version of Pho 95 lived up to it's older sister.  The food was good as ever and I finally got to meet the infamous Aaron.  And  as I left with my boba  Aaron said good bye and even remembered my name - this is one of the reasons that Pho 95 is a success.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,5/18/2010,245,483,7,16,13>There are some elements of Queen of Sheba that could make some people cringe.  Located on a less traveled stretch of Colfax in a small crusty-white cinder block strip called Hunter Plaza, Queen of Sheba barely draws any attention.  Inside, the space has seen better days with the ceiling showing spots of water damage and dust bunnies collecting other areas.  But regardless, this is one of the best Ethiopian restaurants that I have been to.  First off, the owner is an absolute gem.  We decided to go to the restaurant on a whim, while out for a walk in the neighborhood a few blocks away.  We arrived at 5:30pm, surprised that the restaurant was closed.  Dejected and walking away, the owner whizzed by us in a car and advised that she was sorry that she was late (traffic) and would open ASAP.  Hurray!The space inside is full of nostalgic art from Ethiopia and Africa.  They also have a room more ornately decorated with a couple of mesob to sit at - if you are looking for a more "authentic" experience.  We opted to sit at a plain-ass table under the giant map of Africa.  BTW, we were mesmerized by how huge Africa is, how diverse it is, and how neither one of us doesn't really know jack about Africa...but that is another tale for another time.We started with a pot of Ethiopian coffee.  Coffee lovers, this is a must try.  For those of you that don't know, Ethiopians take their coffee seriously - they like it strong and they like it good.  The chef starts by roasting the beans in a flat pan, bringing the crackling pan of fragrant beans to us so that we can waft the earthy aromas.  After leaving, she comes back with a kettle and two tiny mugs.  The coffee comes thick, rich, and very, very black.  Some sugar is recommended, but no milk is served with your coffee...and it is not needed.  The coffee avoids being overly bitter and acidic...a couple of qualities that starbucks fails to avoid.  In addition, Queen of Sheba's coffee is wonderfully spiced.  A short description would call it a blend of chai and strong coffee, but it really is more complex than that.  More complex than that???  I spent the rest of my weekend dreaming about this awesome coffee.The food is great.  First off, it is nice that they have an open kitchen where you can see everything that is happening.  The chef makes everything to order, which isn't the case at every Ethiopian restaurant.  Secondly, the food lacks the level of oil that you'll find at other places - a very good thing in my opinion.  The food itself is plate licking delicious, starting with their mildly sour, eating utensil/bread called enjera.  We shared a plate yebeg watt, an incredible lamb stew seasoned with the indispensable berbere.  There was a slight spiciness to this aromatic dish of lamb chunks swimming in red sauce.  Accompanying the lamb was a spicy miser wott (red lentils) and the milder atar wott (yellow lentils).  The miser wott was savory and filling while the atar wott was creamy and comforting.  We were given some pickled cabbage and yatakelt wott (cabbage, carrots and potatoes) that provided some necessary fiber...if you know what I mean.  Overall, a fabulous experience.  Keep in mind that this isn't going to be a quick meal.  The chef is well-aged and the food is fresh.  I will definitely be back and may even make this my go-to spot for Ethiopian food in Denver.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,5/17/2010,138,700,,7,7>As you can see - I have been here at least 6 times now. It's my usual Saturday treat.I am crowing this the best Chicago Hot Dog stand in Denver. Yes, they could use either more seating inside or a small area outside, but that is my only complaint.The staff is always friendly in here, the food comes out steaming hot, and it's the authentic Chicago stuff. What more could you want?Congrats guys! One of Denver's best-kept secrets! You've been nominated to my 5 * list. Not many make it.One last thing - can you guys PLEASE get Coke Zero. That would make it 6 stars!
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,5/16/2010,137,230,4,6,6>This is karaoke Mecca on Tuesday nights!  They offer a real stage, floor monitors, lighting, and there's even a sound mixer guy in a booth in the back of the room.   The sound quality here is awesome!  Pair that with the vast song options from Uncle Dutchie and it's winner, winner, chicken dinner!The décor in this bar's entirety is very modern and streamlined.  Even the smoking patio was classy which is a nice change.  The bathrooms are very clean and there are enough stalls for everyone.  The room for karaoke is separate from the regular bar area and has its own designated bartender.  Also, don't worry about parking.  Not only is this bar located in an industrial area downtown (hint: free street parking), but it also has a parking lot.As for the patrons, you get an interesting mix of trendies, yuppies, and semi-weirdos.  On this particular night, I thought I was at a skinny jeans and mustache convention.  Total flashback to the 70s minus the tacky clothing.  One dude actually had chin-length feathered hair.  However, these guys were great showmen.  I laughed so much, my face hurt.  Not much for drink specials besides  1/2 off pitchers of beer, but this place still rocks!
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,5/15/2010,164,180,6,3,5>I am in love with you Patsy's homemade spaghetti with red sauce and a sausage chunk. You've been around for a looooooong time and you really are quite charming and tasty and if I could marry a noodle it'd be you. You'd be that noodle. Your friend Tiramisu is not so lovely, but you, the love of my life homemade spaghetti with red sauce and a sausage chunk, you are the bee's knees.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,5/14/2010,47,13,12,5,7>Pho-king Great!!!There's an up-side and a down-side of trying pho for the fist time at Pho 95. The up-side is that you're gonna eat an incredibly delicious and flavorful meal, that's a fantastic deal, and a ridiculous amount of food. The down-side is that if you try to find pho anywhere else in Denver you'll be terribly disappointed, Pho'ked. This place is always packed and it can get tight if you're waiting for a table. Not to worry though, the friendliest waitstaff in Denver will make sure your wait isn't in vain. You may have to share a large table with other folks, but it's all part of the pho experience. Even picky eaters, lacking of the intestinal fortitude and drive to break their mundane eating habits can find ultimate satisfaction in the chicken pho. Pho 95 also has some more adventurous food options, like beef tendon or tripe.Be warned, a large order of pho is huge- it's served in a kiddie pool.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,5/13/2010,16,85,7,7,5>Eat here.  Seriously.I might be a little partial because I could walk here, but the damn thing is, their food is good!  Me and the misses usually spoil ourselves with breakfast on the weekends, whether it be due to hangover or out of sheer laziness.  Either way, I've had many o' breakfast out and DJ's is great every single time.  We've had just about everything on the menu and they are about as consistent as it gets.  I'm a pancake junkie, so I usually stick to the holy trinity of blueberry, banana walnut, and chocolate chip macadamia.  Throw in some bacon and potatoes and... damn!  To top it all off, the staff is terrific.  Maybe I should be a little more cautious on throwing around 5 stars on yelp, but my gut told me to do it.  And the gut runs the show around here.Well, what can I say. That was my first official yelp.  I finally decided to give back to the yelp community and write some reviews.  I've been using yelp religiously for a while now and just never took the time.  I felt the need to help others, as I have been helped many times...
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,5/12/2010,476,701,2,8,6>This place was a total surprise. Highly recommended by some people with discriminating taste I was still more than a little skeptical because of it's location near the flea market and in Commerce City. My fears were slightly confirmed when we walked through the door into the aroma of some sort of sanitary product? but walking through that into the warm dark wood surroundings of a 70's cool restaurant wiped that instantly out of my mind, well that and all the happy people eating food and laughing and smiling. You can just kinda tell when a place is going to be alright can't you when it's full of happy people?Service was old school polite perfection. Two people asking for our drink orders before our waitress made it to the table seconds later. A very courteous bus person kept glasses full including soft drinks and my coffee cup. You know the waitstaff has been here forever. Perfect recommendations for beef and non-beef eaters, quick on the uptake, and knowledgeable about the product from supplier to the last person served. A party of seven, no mistakes, soup, salad, and meal timed just right, empty plates removed quietly and efficiently, every cut of meat, every plate of fish cooked exactly as ordered. I'm sooo a "first cut" fan of this place. Prime rib was excellent, tender moist and flavorful, the steaks looked delicious and I heard ummmmmm coming from the fish eaters mouths and when I looked again, the fish was gone (not that the portions were small, they weren't and afterward they were groaning about being sooo full just like the rest of us.). If I was to describe this place in a word.... I'd say it was "righteous!".   oh and a FYI find them on Restaurants.com before you head over. I'm picking up more gift certificates as soon as I finish this review.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2009,5/11/2010,22,190,,8,5>I don't know why this place is getting low reviews, but on a whim, my boyfriend and I decided to try this place.  It's a little rinky dinky hole-in-the-wall for sure, but that's why I wanted to try it.  There's a small dining room, to close for my comfort, so we changed our minds and got our food to go.  You can tell it's family and kid friendly.  There bar was huge and empty (though it was only 3 in the afternoon) but nonetheless, appeared to be a local's type of hangout.  The food took about 15 minutes, but damn it was worth the wait. I had the chicken alfredo and he had the baked ziti.  IT'S FRESH. That's my biggest pet peeve is when you go to a supposedly authentic italian joint, but they don't make their own pasta.  Flavors were all present and I was very happy and impressed. Totally felt like I was back home in North Beach.  No fuss, no muss, real good italian.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,5/10/2010,285,768,,6,4>I love you Cheba Hut, I love everything about you.  I love the names of your sammies, and your drinks....cotton mouth cures! Haha!! You have goo balls for dessert, wow!  Your walls have murals and concert posters.  You have stickers all over the sub bar.  You have the Grateful Dead playing.  You are green, you compost, recycle and use recycled products.I got a medium sized sub and had half to take home for dinner.  It was delicious.  I had a veggie sub with hemp cream cheese.  It was loaded with a garden of fresh veggies.  The prices are just right too.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,5/9/2010,42,196,4,4,5>Given that this is THE only decent restaurant near my place of employment I am oh so happy that it is so yummy.  I am addicted to their noodle salad - yes, addicted.  Just try it and you will see what I mean.  And the staff is absolutely awesome.  One day I came in at 2:30 not realizing that they close around 2:30 if it is slow.  I was starving.  Any of you who know me know that I am not pleasant to be around in this state - AT ALL.  When the girl at the counter told me that they had just closed she saw the look on my face that said that I was not leaving that restaurant without food because she ran back to the window to ask the guys in the kitchen if they had anything left that they could put together for me.  And yes, they got me a noodle salad.  Needless to say, that won my heart for life. I love, love, love them.   Two loaves up!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,5/8/2010,75,150,4,2,3>I'm in love. The Shoppe has melted my cold bitter heart and I'm in love.Which meal is it best for you ask? I checked them all. Yes, breakfast, lunch, dinner and the in-betweens... this place is good for in between the in-betweens. Everything from the weathered signage on the building, the picture window that allows you to see into its soul, to the seemingly singing cupcakes that glow inside the glass case the cash register sits by. Let's not forget the eccentric employee who served us fresh brewed coffee and suggested a hilarious game for us to play at 1am... and the artwork on the walls, the funky furniture and hanging light fixtures at the front of the store... the fun thick rimmed glasses wearers, engineer cap decorated, colorfully dressed patrons... Oh and the food. I guess I can throw in a few words about food in my review of this food-serving-establishment. Here's one: YUM. Here's another: DELICIOUS. Maybe one more: MMMMMMM. Vegan AND gluten free? I'd be convinced that I was in heaven if they could somehow remove the sugar, but hey, I guess life can be sweet some of the time. And The Shoppe definitely makes my life sweeter. I will be back again as soon as possible to write something fun on the white board walls of the restroom. And I'll be back to eat another cupcake... and maybe have more coffee... and maybe I'll throw in some cereal with soymilk next time. Yes, they have cereal at The Shoppe. Cereal! And cupcakes! Amazing cupcakes! I could start my recommendation all over again, but I'll simply end here by suggesting you visit.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,5/7/2010,190,292,13,11,5>It only took me 11 months to walk the two blocks from my office to this restaurant and give it a try! Woo hoo!Had lunch with a friend today at La Abeja. Attempted to walk into the wrong door not once, but twice. Felt like that kid from the Far Side comic strip for Midvale School for the Gifted. You know the one. For future reference, you want to enter the door on the east side of the restaurant, not the west.  You're welcome. After finally making it into the shop through the proper door I then struggled to figure out where to order the food. For even more future reference, you order at the counter. And yes, there are signs all over the walls informing you of this fact. You're welcome.I ordered two carne asada tacos. Delicious. Super tasty horchata, too. Also had some prime seats for people watching as they meandered by the store. Admittedly, some folks opted to stare at us as they passed by (see: old lady wearing weird visor/cap thing and glasses that appeared like she'd just had a glaucoma test), but hey, all good. The company certainly was nice too. If I was to review David S., he'd totally get five stars.That sounded naughty and wasn't meant to be, but run with it. Right, so the tacos! Very good. I am definitely going to go back soon and try some of the other stuff they have to offer. About the only thing I'll whine about is that the folks who work there didn't really seem to concern themselves too much with customer service. Food first. They're not mean or nasty, just uninterested in adding to your dining experience.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2009,5/6/2010,128,109,,4,5>mmmmmmmmm!  A friend just stopped into Denver for a quick visit and we ended up at BAP for dinner.  Our group of 9 started with empanadas (Oh my god, do not miss these) and then moved on to pizza and sandwiches.The empanadas are the CLEAR star here at BAP but the pizza is no slouch.  The crust is lovely, thin in the middle and thicker at the edges and wonderfully chewy without being tough.  The toppings are unique and wonderful, for something different try the Humita, a deliciously rich combo of corn, green onions and white sauce.Also on the don't-miss list is the Clericot, a white wine version of Sangria.  The clericot at BAP is sweet, light and entirely refreshing for a warm evening.I skipped the gelato but a number of the party opted in, all servings, including a generous large were finished in record time.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,5/5/2010,204,522,,7,9>What a totally fun idea -- a cupcake truck, like an ice cream truck, only better.It made its debut today, and being a huge fan of Cake Crumbs Bakery, its "parent," I had to be there.  It was parked outside the Denver Public Library.  Each day it will be somewhere different.  You can find out where by checking their blog:  thedenvercupcaketruck.blor by following them on Facebook.I had a chocolate overload cupcake -- chocolate cake just like chocolate cake should taste, wonderful chocolate buttercream frosting, better than your usual buttercream, and mini chocolate chips which made it special.  DELICIOUS!No, I'm not connected to this cupcake truck in any way other than being a fan, but tell Sean that Monica sent you!!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,5/4/2010,210,385,4,10,3>This Goodwill ROCKS. It absolutely blows my mind how some Goodwills can be so awesome, and others can be so craptastic. This one fits squarely into the "awesome" category, with fair prices, a clean, not-smelly, store, and lots of stuff that's actually brand new! No lie. This Goodwill must have some sort of deal going with Target, because there were racks of clothes and shoes still sporting original Xhileration and Mossimo tags. That's cool. Unlike the Baker district store, the clothes here are reasonably priced and not super picked-over. I scored a vintage 1960s/70s linen sheath dress with big brown buttons down the side... for $4.99! Another $4.99 got me a pair of brand-new Nurture sandals (originally $79, I checked). They're too big for my little dogs, but I've got a friend who just happens to be a 7.5... so I couldn't NOT buy 'em! Furniture is hit-or-miss (as in most thrift stores), but the turnaround is pretty quick here. They've got busy worker bees out in the parking lot hauling in the day's donations rain or shine. They were working through a steady drizzle the last time I visited, yet still managed to floor-stock the large white tile kitchen table I saw being unloaded out of some guy's pickup truck the day before. Now THAT's motivation.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,5/3/2010,228,176,8,5,8>I LOVE the Snooze on Colorado so when my mom and sister came to town and we talked about what to do for brunch, I decided they had to try Snooze.  Wrench in the plan?  We were going to be downtown.. then it dawned on me, WAIT FOR IT.. there's a Snooze downtown!  So off we went.  I actually called the day before and BEGGED the manager to let me make a reservation, "IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!  THEY'RE COMING FROM TEXAS!!"  he finally gave in.  I always order the pancake, I don't know why I do such a thing when I look at everyone elses savory meal and feel, somewhat, left out.  So since there was 4 of us I talked them into getting the pancake flight for an 'appetizer and we all got our savory meals.   Nothing disappointed.    I had the Snooze Spuds which was awesome, as usual.  My sister had the Breakfast Pot Pie which was TO DIE FOR (I'm always jealous of her).  Mom went with the Spuds along with me and Himself went out and got the burrito.  There was not a complaint at the table.  I'm sure it was the food and not the $50 worth of booze we had, right?  I'll visit this location again, when I'm downtown.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,5/2/2010,103,577,,9,7>Ernie's is yet another great addition to the area. My fiance and I tried it out for the first time last night and we went just in time for happy hour. Though, I ventured off of the happy hour list and ordered one of their house specialty cocktails, the Bert. Which was a taste of summer on a snowy, very cold night, with the flavors of clementine vodka and St. Germain, along with pineapple and orange juice splashes. A good way to start the evening. While sipping our drinks (fiance opted for a $3 well hh special gin+tonic) we were looking over our menus and soaking in the really quite pleasant atmosphere of Ernie's. Though it may be a "bar" with a pool table and ski ball, it is more of a lounge with a fireplace and some sofas mixed in with some tables, the whole bar top, and even low lighting. I also always really appreciate a place where I can sing the lyrics to every song that comes on during my time there (last night it happened to be Spoon, Radiohead, and Wilco).We decided to try a little bit of everything on the dinner menu. Some roasted beets from the antipasti section, the stromboli from the appetizer section, and then a small BYO (eggplant+basil) pizza from the pizza section. I always do also appreciate a place that serves pizza with creative toppings (such as eggplant). We then got our food and were really impressed by everything we had. I hadn't ever tried stromboli before but this version was outstanding. I also noticed that the pizza crust was the thin Napoli-style but yet it wasn't soggy in the middle like some places pizza can be like.I guess my only mild complaint about Ernie's would be I thought the prices were a bit high for a "bar" atmosphere but then in comparison to some of the lounges I go to, it seems right on track. The service was right on par as well. I noticed the great patio area that they have and am definitely looking forward to sipping and nibbling some treats out there this summer. I am also looking forward to coming back to Ernie's before summer, too, and hopefully being able to grab a spot by their cozy fireplace.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,5/1/2010,456,160,,9,8>I've eaten middle eastern food in every major city I've ever had the chance to visit. From Seattle to Amsterdam, and a dozen cities between. I can say that Damascus is my favorite for several reasons. Firstly, the owner is a great guy, who has been consistently kicking out the best food in town for over a decade. Second, there are choices not found on your average menu that are absolutely fantastic!  The rich smokiness of the baba ganoush! The mana ish, with zatar spice and sesame, and then the baked lamb in the lamb sandwich!! Shockingly tender and seasoned! WOW! I keep coming back for more! If you have no other reason to go to downtown Littleton, (there are great reasons to go!) then just go to try this place, you won't regret it!
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,4/30/2010,97,68,11,3,8>Giving Bender's Tavern 4 stars is akin to standing on a soap box in Capitol Hill and admitting I love to drink just to drink. And by God, I do.My favorite time to walk the 3 blocks from my house to Bender's is M-F after work. I get there around 6:30, with 30 minutes to spare of the 4p-7p happy hour prices and I like to see how many $2 wells I can throw down the hatch in this near-empty chasm before 7 hits and I become a victorious, wallet-plumping pumpkin. Last time was 6 whiskey cokes but I'm working on it. Hell, sometimes I even get grandfathered-in to happy hour and that's when I know there exists genuine understanding between a man (or lady, in Mama's case), and a woman's need to drink.Bender's is like a best friend. Some days he's quiet, a good listener. He'll listen to your man problems about how you broke up with someone once because they didn't call you on Halloween, then he'll share his problems about his band so you can understand each other on a deeper level. Some days he's hard at work and can't answer your phone calls but you understand because he's working hard for that dollar. Some days he's dressed down. Some nights he has a lamp shade on his head singing very bad karaoke, but you don't care. You forgive him because when you're down and out, he always pours you a strong drink and puts on a Johnny Cash record. When insomnia hits he'll always be just a stone's throw away from helping you forget your problems and put that conscious mind to sleep. His multi-personalities just tickle you with endless amusement. Who will he be today? The raucheous rock show? The desolate afternoon retreat for modern drunkards? The funky tiki guy throwing the conversational ball around in the cool breeze? Or the Sunday pool player? Some nights he's even the elitist VIP green room party-hopper but when he feels me knockin', he always lets me in. Nice velvet couches, man. Underneath those stainless steel countertops, that man-in-black look you have and those amazingly surprising and lively barstool covers, you're a classy guy.I don't care if people say you used to be cooler, you used to dress better or you used to floss and had more hip friends. You're alright in my book. You've been my favorite go-to bar since I land-surfed my California transplanted liquor-loving behind into Denver. My barfly heart adores you.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,4/29/2010,260,513,,14,8>I had a charming Light Cream tea at Wystone's last week when it was a nice warm day and spring breezes wafted in the open door of this cozy tea shop. My sister and I met at 4:00 and decided to do the $9.00 Cream tea which consisted of  blueberry scones for me (brown sugar for sis), fresh fruit and berries, and of course clotted cream and jam. The tea choices are vast but the deal is to get one of the featured teas and it becomes a refillable cup all day long so you can pop in and out, changing between hot and iced while you shop in BelMar. The owner offered us a sparkling green tea which was very interesting and tasty. Wystone's also serves light meals, a large $28.00 High tea, AND a $50.00 formal high tea that I want to do some day. If you live on this side of town you are very lucky as Wystone's has just the right feel for high tea.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2009,4/28/2010,214,247,3,10,6>My rating keeps going up as I write. Thanks once again to my fellow Yelpers, I knew the venerable Ming's Dynsasty offers two of my favorites, hard-to-find scallion pancakes and old-school shrimp toast. I ordered those plus crispy duck -- which after discussions with the very kind waitress/hostess, turned into an order for Hong Kong duck instead -- and combination lo mein, for which I had high hopes. (Long ago we had a favorite restaurant which made the greatest lo mein before it burned down; no lo mein since has come close.) I ordered all this to go and was offered water or tea while I waited. Earlier I had turned down water, but hot tea sounded just perfect for my scratchy throat and might help stave off a cold. The tea was excellent, as was the chat with the waitresses and fellow patrons. It was an extremely pleasant wait. Then the drive home in a car that kept smelling better and better. Ah, anticipation.The duck was very tasty, and the lo mein as well -- not quite as good as my memories but the next best thing to it, and the best I've had in a long long while. The appetizers pushed it over the top. The order of scallion pancakes was about three times more than I am accustomed to, the shrimp toast looked like a double order at least, and they had thrown in a free order of egg rolls. Wow. I was aiming to have leftovers of everything, but this is amazing.Unfortunately, shrimp toast doesn't stay crispy on a ride across town. I figure when I warm up the leftovers in the toaster oven, they will crispen up again. I'd eat the scallion pancakes hot or cold, they are that good. Mmmmm. I cannot speak for the rest of the menu, but I was very well pleased with what I ordered. Even though the restaurant is way across town for me, I look forward to returning.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2009,4/27/2010,263,617,10,7,7>So you're out east on Arapahoe Rd thinking, "it's south of the Tech Center and all the restaurants are named Burger-this and Taco-that.  So where the hell am I going to get some fresh food for a quick lunch?" And then I see a sushi place . . . Sushi Kazu in a strip shop line-up.  Now a sushi place in Centennial is kinda like a steakhouse in Berkeley, way outta place. But there are no other choices unless you think something called a "Southwest Salad" from Mickey D's qualifies as "fresh food."I go in, deciding not to order the fugu blow fish if it's on the menu, but to otherwise give it a chance.  Ahhhh, grasshopper. Wise, you have made, the decision.Good, very. The slices, fresh, thick. Specials, creative. Delicious.  Prices, moderate. Chefs, kindly and Japanese, ah yes.Return? All week. Every day, good.  Wise the decision, indeed.Go, you. Fan, I am.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,4/26/2010,174,419,6,6,5>Holy delicious pain, Batman.  Talk about Thai.  I haven't had any in a while, so perhaps my basis for comparison is a bit foggy, but this was definitely some of the best I remember having.  And since I had it two nights ago, I haven't stopped thinking about it...I've been eating spicier foods lately without issue; I figured medium would be a-okay on the green curry and Pak US Thai Special.  Well, if by a-okay I meant "ow my lips are burning and it feels like a workout breathing this much while eating and dang my nose is running and holy hell I'm drinking the Dude's dairy milk because I brought take-out to his place and my face is on fire"... then yes.  A-okay indeed.  HOWEVER, next time (which I hope is quite soon!) I will be going with mild.  Call me a weenie, but at least I won't need to place a spoon I had in the freezer to my lips after snarfing down the leftovers the next night.The green curry itself was coconut-y (and uber-fatty) and spicy and flavored well (beyond the HOT) and had lovely leaves of wilty basil and giant hunks of tofu and squishy-striped eggplant chunks.  Just writing this review about it has me wanting all over again... the Pak US Thai Special was e-special-ly good.  I ordered that medium, too, but it seemed less spicy and had different flavor components than the curry.  Plus, who doesn't love crunchy-soft stir-fried cashews?The excess sauce took turns dressing up the white rice; leftovers of the curry were made even better the next night with some mung bean-thread noodles I added.  By that point, it was the kind of hot that hurts less to keep eating than to take a break and feel the burn.  "Snarf" really is the most appropriate verbiage here, people.A setback I have with Thai food is that once I find something good, I tend to stick with it (tried and true) rather than venture out and try different menu items.  But with US Thai Cafe, there is no doubt I'll be menu hopping.  And hey, if all else sucks, I can always return to dragon-fire green curry.  Slurp (ow)...
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,4/25/2010,175,262,,8,3>Had no idea that biscuits were supposed to taste like this! So crumbly and flavorful. I have never ordered biscuits anything on my own dime. This experience was A+!Nestled in the back corner of the Atomic Cowboy, Denver Biscuit Company's menu is displayed on a very large chalkboard full of biscuit goodness. Whether it's a breakfast sandwich, burger, chicken, fried catfish or dessert, the options seem endless, yet there isn't that many different sandwiches! The honey, honey butter, homemade pickles and gravy are all different a la carte options to add to your meal.The catfish sandwich was really delicious. Their special tartar sauce was nothing like I've ever tasted. The part that made me oh so happy were the sweet potato fries with a side of their special sauce (made with their ground mustard, mayonnaise and sriracha.) Wow, wow! I'd recommend sharing the french fries with 2-4 people. The order is enormous, especially paired with a biscuit sandwich.Can't wait to go back for another taste..the BBLT & Strawberry Shortcake are calling my name.This is a great place to take a group because you've got pizza from Fat Sully's and biscuit options with a side of beer and strawberry shortcake dessert.Photos to come soon!
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,4/24/2010,204,249,2,6,6>Last night, I went back with my boyfriend and his mom, who used to teach English in Korea and spent two years there.  I wanted to take her here to see how "authentic" it is.  My BF and his mom split the "bulgolgi" (I don't know if I spelled that right) but it was marinated, bbq beef that came with lettuce and sauce to wrap it up in which was cooked on the gas BBQ right on the table)  I finally got to try "dolsat bipimbap" which was absolutely delicious!  I dumped kochu pepper sauce all over it and it was that much better!  We also split a Korean pancake and devoured the side dishes.Overall, I really do love this place!  My Korean expert (my BF's mom) said it was definitely authentic and she was also very impressed.  We heard stories about her stay in Korea over dinner and had a wonderful time.  Now I know that not only is this place delicious, but it's a fine representation of what you would eat and how you would eat it if you were actually in Korea.  I have every intention on going back to Seoul BBQ again!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,4/23/2010,164,209,,13,7>Okay, I've been here at least once a week since they've opened (often more than that), and really these guys have nailed it. Service is always prompt, the food is amazeballs (check out their sausage platter and burgers) and cheap, and the owners really go the extra mile to make you feel like a valued customer. Bonus for the ladies (and well-adorned men), they have purse hooks underneath their bar. Honestly I'm surprised that not all bars have these.  Their selection of beers is great, but not overwhelming and their cocktails are a mix of familiar and innovative.  Their Happy Hour also boasts great deals. I can't wait until summer, as I may be claiming a permanent spot on their patio.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,4/22/2010,27,43,3,10,7>Right outside my office is a revelation. First salvo demands that I acknowledge proprietors Mike Winston and Bryan Hume for walking away from the conventional ascension of their Table 6 line-cooking past and bravely setting out into the cold to turn street food on its head. It's never easy to swim against conventional wisdom, but these guys rarely play it predictable or safe when it comes to food.It began in the fall with three staples of affordable, gourmet lunch options: spicy kim chee chicken tacos, a veggie taco that adds cream cheese & smoked jalapeno aioli to the mix and the divine "roast lamb on naan with a guajillo-mint foam, Napa cabbage and taziki."  Then you have the rotating specials. When you're serving up hand-crafted fine-foods that defy expectations, you have free reign to get creative. Just some of the lunches that have reduced me to a giggling food geek in the past months:a prosciutto version of a cheesesteaka rich take on the grilled cheese and tomato soup classicopen faced roast pork sandwiche covered in eggbbq short ribmeatball sub with manchego and olive oilcorn crabcakesI like to saunter through the office and let the smell permeate the place. Everyone inevitably wants to see what you have the reactions escalate when you tell them it was bought from the street cart downstairs and that it was no more expensive that venturing deeper downtown for food. And I have time to savor every bite because there's careful preparation to assure you're not waiting long to be fed and can enjoy your entire lunch break.  I'd be first in line to support a new street cart in Denver in hopes of ushering in something similar to the loved madness of everything from roving dessert trucks to lobster rolls under a bridge that I regularly partook in while living in New York. These five stars are about more than that idea though as the Gastro Cart duo deliver taste bud guarantees with alarming consistency. Be sure to follow their twitter to keep up on the availability of specials, passwords for drink discounts (coca cola with the sugar cane of course) and the occasional treat announcements (dr. pepper lollipops!).
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,4/21/2010,283,243,6,13,19>You know what I love about this place? I love how it's become my second home. I love how the owner is like a father to me. I love the delicious glasses of red and white Lebanese wine.I love how the lamb medallions dipped in garlic sauce melt in my mouth. I love how Sundays here aren't the end of my week, but the beginnings of a new one.I love that my Turkish coffee comes with an in-depth fortune reading after I'm finished. I love everything about Phoenician Kebab. And most of all, I love that Westword and The Denver Post agree.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,4/20/2010,37,62,7,2,4>If tacos could save the world, it would be these tacos. They would swoop in with their tortilla cape and sprinkle deliciousness on all the bad tacos of the world and evil would tremble in their delicious presence. If everyone ate these tacos nobody would have road rage or yell on their cell phones in public places, everyone would smile and tell you about how tacos saved their life. I judge a Mexican restaurant on their ability to execute tacos and chile rellenos. So many places have watery tacos with no pizazz, no variety - just meat cheese and maybe lettuce and salsa. These tacos (we tried the adobada (?) tacos and the taco special plate were unique and delicious. Perhaps they aren't authentic Mexican but they are delicious. And the rellenos are crispy but not heavy, you can taste the chile in it, ya know. But the tacos are where it's at, truly, madly, deeply. (Now, I've read the other reviews, and we went for lunch when it wasn't too busy - maybe the dinner crowd gets the shit end of the stick, or maybe those people are evil and the superhero tacos are shunning them, who knows?) It may be on the pricey side unless you go for $1 tacos after 10pm Sun-Thurs, but the quality of the food will make you forget. The inside atmosphere is nice, the patio is right on Colfax so kinda loud, but good for what it is. Also, side note: Do not take a Mexican to Mezcal after many drinks on a Colfax Saturday night and start sampling tequilas.... bad ending. But that's not Mezcal's fault! If I wasn't so drunk I probably would have heard the magical superhero tacos with their tortilla capes pleading with me to quit while I was ahead.... but I was too drunk to hear. I'm sorry superhero tacos, and thanks for looking out, lookin good, and tasting, well, YUMMY!
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,4/19/2010,389,548,4,7,4>Venue was restaurant number two in a series of three for Denver restaurant week.  I went with my mom and we briefly argued over who got to order the shrimp and grits.Mom: "I think I'm going to get the shrimp and grits"Me: "That's what I was going to get.  You get the gnocchi.  And we'll share."Mom: "But I want the shrimp and grits.  And we're sharing anyway."Me: "But I've been ANTICIPATING them for SO LONG.  And I want to get them.  In front of me.  First."Mom gave in...and it was settled.  She order the potato leek soup and I ordered the salad.  The salad was a great start to what would be a heartier entree.  Full of crunchy arugula, crisp julienned granny smith apples, crunchy candied walnuts (or pecans?  I don't know my nuts), pickled red onions, and salty piave.  The dressing was light enough that it didn't detract from the sum of the well-balanced ingredients.  They also brought out bread with golden raisin butter.  We dug it, particularly for two non-fans of raisins.As soon as we were finished, the entrees came.  The shrimp and grits were everything I had hoped for.  I think that sweet chilis and corn were made for each other...the salty and creamy grits were perfectly offset by the sweet and spicy green chile sauce that surrounded them.  The shrimp were large and nicely cooked.  Once I reached a halfway point, I noticed my mom's plate emptying rather rapidly.  "I don't know if I want to share", she said.But we did.  And admittedly, I was not as much of a fan of the gnocchi.  It was good, but left me with a longing to have the shrimp and grits back.  The acorn squash/sage was just a tad too earthy for me.  The gnocchi themselves were quite tasty, like little pillows of mashed potatoes.Finally, we switched back so I could have the last bite of shrimp and grits and mom could have the last two pillows of gnocchi (these entrees were decent sized, by the way, especially for the quality of this restaurant).  We both decided that the shrimp and grits were indeed "a dish we could eat all day, every day."Time for dessert.  Both were really, really good...like continue eating even though you're about to pop good.   I love desserts that have a bit of savory thrown into the mix and these two did just that - the carrot cake was topped with salted caramel and the blueberry bread pudding with a goat cheese cream.  Both equally delicious in their own right.But, wow!  This place is tiny....there's not even room for a host stand up front, let alone a bar.  I probably wouldn't go without a reservation.  You also feel like you're eating in someone's dining room....not a bad thing, especially since there's no way the servers can "forget about you"...which is something I've been having a rash of problems with lately.  All in all, a nice dinner out with the mom.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,4/18/2010,105,416,2,4,4>Thank you 5280 for finally leading me in the direction of this awesome little gem. I've been waiting and waiting to go here and tonight was the night. Joined by my bf and his sister we opted for the bar table when making a reservation since it was at 6:00pm or a table was at 9:00pm. Whoever I spoke to on the phone assured me that it was a comfortable place to sit and then it was his favorite spot. He didn't lead us astray, it was comfortable, a little chilly but otherwise great. We all did the 5280 menu and each got a different thing and shared it all. It really is the way to go if you're willing to share because I got the pleasure of tasting 6 things instead of 2! First Course:Gold Potato Gnocchi, Roasted Butternut Squash, Shallots, Pine Nuts, Sage, Brown Butter & Parmesan-heaven in your mouth, I'm not even kidding. My friend said I think I want to take a picture of you when you taste this because you might die just a little (which I did). Brown butter and fried sage and butternut squash can NOT lead you in the wrong direction! Salmon Tartare, Jalapeño, Salmon Roe & Verde Farms Micro-Beet Greens-SO SO SO good. Let's start by me saying that I can't handle spicy, I try and I try but I'm not very good at it. Although I've been getting better I asked Jackie (our kick ass server) if it was hot and she said not at all. When she dropped it off she told me to let her know if it was too hot and she'd bring me something else. That didn't happen because it was amazing. It's the belly of the salmon and it's a little fattier and it's just damn good. Brawn with Pickled Shallots, Whole Grain Mustard & Crostini-the bf got this one because he loves pate and he thought it was great. We both tried a bite of it and while we didn't agree with his review of it we decided that it didn't taste bad at all but the texture wasn't for us. Hooray for trying new things though!Second CourseCoq Au Vin with Crispy Pork Belly Lardons & Herbed Spaetzle-anything served with pork belly is bound to be amazing. This dish didn't disappoint in the least. Flavors were awesome, pork belly was crisp and the spaetzle was crispy. Yum Yum. Chestnut Papardelle with Avery New World Porter Braised Pork Shoulder & Crispy Pickled Leeks- This pasta was out of this world. The pork shoulder melted in your mouth and the pickled leeks were great. We all tore into it!House-Made Ricotta Ravioli with Arugula, Hazel Dell Mushrooms, & Guanciale-YUM! I don't even love mushrooms and this was so yummy. It was a very generous portion on top of that and we each got to have about 1.5 raviolis. The arugula with it made the dish (at least for me) and they also melted in your mouth. The mushrooms were fantastic I might just have a new outlook on those little fungi.Dessert-Chocolate Ellie with Toasted Cacao Nibs and Crème Fraîche-I don't even like chocolate (gasp!) and this was delicious. Great texture and tasted just so good!Seasonal Fruit Pavlova-oh so yummy but dangerous to eat! Attack it with a spoon and it doesn't work that well. Use 2 forks however and you can break it apart without flinging it at your table mates or those sitting around you. The addition of basil on top was just so good.Service was just great, Jackie (our server) and Tyler (the bartender) were extra friendly and made the experience even better. I look forward to heading back here for brunch sometime with the girls.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,4/17/2010,48,105,2,5,3>I had heard a lot of hype about Enzo's pizza, but after having lots of mediocre pizza in town, I didn't think this place could be any better. My friend invited me to PS Lounge and insisted we order an Enzo pizza. Ohhh My GOD! It was amazing! The crust is perfectly crispy and the topping are just right! On my first visit, the pizza we got used olive oil in lieu of Marinara. Usually, I don't like that, because to me a pizza isn't a pizza without tomato sauce. But the deliciousness of the crust filled the void of the marinara for me. Yum yum YUM!!! I brought another friend back a month later and we ordered a pizza with a marinara sauce. It was superb. I will be back for more and more and MORE!
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,4/16/2010,315,429,2,7,5>I *finally* got my happy arse out and tried the deliciousness that is pho!Although I have absolutely no basis for comparison, I thought Pho 79 was fantastic.  My friend Fuji and I started out with spring rolls and egg rolls.  Since I'm terribly unadventurous with food, I was so surprised that I liked both rolls.  Very tasty!  And of course, the main dish.  I went with a small bowl of chicken pho, figured I'd be a bit safe.  Holy cow, the small here at Pho 79 could serve two of me, while the large, which Fuji ordered, was HUGE!  I couldn't believe any person, even a bottomless pit like Fuji, could inhale that entire dish.  Even though I was extremely awkward with the chop sticks and spoon, I did alright and enjoyed my first bowl of pho!We finished the meal off with boba (sp?) smoothies.  I was impressed with these little delights.  Who knew tapioca in a smoothie could be so good?  Yum yum yum!Pho 79 is right around the corner from my apartment, so I could potentially see this joint becoming a regular in my rotation.  Great little restaurant that always seems to be packed!  Definitely check out Pho 79 when you're in the Havana area.  Great food and great atmosphere.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,4/15/2010,100,245,,5,4>Honestly, even after living in Denver for three years I had no idea this little neighborhood existed.  Obviously I need to get out more.  Thus, I must thank my more adventurous friend who dragged me here one night for a late dinner.  I will admit to a bit of apprehension when I heard it was a mexican and asian cuisine restaurant - not two I would instinctively put together, but hey, I'll try anything once.The restaurant itself is somewhat unassuming, however the magic lies in their back patio, which at night is lit up with tiki-torches, strings of lights, and tea candles at every table.  Really a very nice setting.  The waiter was super friendly and attentive.  Interesting menu, with good variety of cultural styles in the asian cuisine (noting korean, malaysian, japanese, chinese, and thai).  I ended up getting the Korean BBQ sopapilla, just because that sounded interesting and I was craving Korean BBQ.  The dish ended up being kind of a chimichanga, but with really good Korean BBQ inside, very well seasoned and tender!  My friend got sweet and sour chicken, which was well done and tasty.And all this, for about $9-12?  BOA is definitely a place I'd like to return to - as soon as I finish exploring the neighborhood more!
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,4/14/2010,66,96,6,3,8>It's like sex on a plate.Here is why you should be addicted:The pizzas are incredible and so full of flavorThe wine selection is varied and there are some remarkable bottlesThe happy hour menu is a great dealThe bar tenders are fun to look atThe desserts are out of this worldThe atmosphere is sexy, intimate and fabulousReasons why it would be a one night stand:PriceI am willing to overlook that however, and continue to enjoy the temptations this restaurant has to offer. over and over and over.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,4/13/2010,27,66,1,8,9>I've been to Jim's stand a number of times.  I never felt the need to chime in here as whatever can be said probably has been done so.  However, after going today, I simply couldn't stay away any longer.I went to Jim's today because I didn't want to sit at my normal haunt.  Too much stress and I didn't want to explain myself to the bar regulars.I eagerly stood in line while I was greeted by Jim.  He greeted every person that walked up and it's no secret that Jim has his regulars.  He knows them by name and knows that all he has to do to get them excited is to say:"I have some new stuff"One guy asked "what" and Jim told him to read the menu. I thought this one guy in a suit was going to piddle right then and there as he clapped his hands and did the pee-pee dance in anticipation.  It's exciting to see that Jim is brutally honest about the fact he can't smell his own product after years of coke and key bombs.  He's honest, forward and I would like to be there when someone complains.I ordered the Hungarian which is new and 1554.  I walked them back to work at a furious pace that suggested they were about to evaporate if I didn't consume them in less than five minutes.  The Hungarian was a gentle blend of pork, garlic and some awesome smoked paprika.  The flavor was tremendous and had me wishing I would have skipped the mustard and grilled onions.  It could have held it's own just fine with no accompaniment what so ever.The 1554 was a true beer brat that embraces the flavors of both the veal (I think) and the beer to make a  tantalizing combination that almost had be back on my feet going for another.  All the elements were there from the highly necessary snap of the casing to the oil and flavor that follows.Another thing that I appreciate about Jim is his "do you want it fast or do you want it right" attitude.  That man busts his ass at that grill making sure that each sausage is as good as the one that just left that grill.My only "concern" is the cream cheese and onions.  I don't want to use them but I feel I must.  Thus forcing me into buying four at a time.  Two with and two without because I can't decide if I' defiling them or not.Jim has a life long customer and friend in me.  I appreciate everything about his operation and admire his unwavering honesty and attention to each individual.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,4/12/2010,86,122,3,5,5>So from the outside, and when I first walked into this place I thought it was just gonna be a crappy red hat lady society kind of boutique.  Then I looked past the first few items and found a whole world of gorgeous must have accessories, cards, gifts, and soo much more.  If I had unlimited funds, they could turn a profit off of me alone!  I wanted everything in the store, from the cute cupcake earrings to the gorgeous red and black zebra clutch (which I simply had to have!)  Guys - if you are looking for a present for ANY woman in your life go here!  Anything you buy they will love - guranteed.  And if you can't decide what to pick, just ask the awesome staff and they will be sure to help you find the perfect gift!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,4/11/2010,237,363,5,12,13>There should be a documentary about cupcakes. These cupcakes are documentary worthy. What really sets this cupcake establishment apart from the pack are the organic, local ingredients and the eco-friendly packaging. Every detail has been attended to. I love the little cups that the cupcakes come in. You feel like you are undressing them. It's deliciously naughty.The cupcakes are scrumptious. The frosting is the airiest I've tasted. It tastes beyond whipped, beyond creamy. The lemon is easily my favorite. It is the lemoniest dessert I've ever tasted. The icing is lemony, the cake is lemony and it's REAL lemon and bursts with flavor. And it seems to be a regular on the menu, which makes me very happy. I've also tried the Red Velvet, Nutella, Pumpkin, and Carrot. I love how cupcakes roll out of the oven all day long you are always sure to get the freshest possible morsels. I look forward to indulging in many more lovely flavors!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,4/10/2010,25,66,5,5,5>Why am I writing this review at lunch when eating a sandwich?  It's not a bad sandwich but thinking about Tocabe makes me want to hurl this sandwich into the cubicle next door while screaming, "where is my fry bread!?!"  Good food can make you do bad things.Tocabe has already been described as Chipotle with fry bread instead of tortillas but Tocabe does them a few better with the additions of their sweet hominy salsa with cranberries and of course their ubiquitous fry bread.  The fry bread is delicious with both savory and sweet toppings; savory includes your choice of meat (my favorite has been the shredded beef), beans, cheese, onions, tomatoes and the delicious salsas, the sweet toppings are simple enough, sugar, cinnamon, maybe apples or cherries and of course, honey.  This stuff is addictive.  You'll find yourself pining for fry bread in the middle of the day like I have been and wondering how soon you can go back to Tocabe.  Plus the portions are huge.  SV and I split an Indian taco and I was pretty satisfied, however, I know I could eat a whole one if given the opportunity.Dear opportunity, please knock soon so I can try and eat a whole taco by myself...
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,4/9/2010,126,449,1,12,8>This review is long overdue.  What I'm puzzled by is why is this place called a steakhouse?  It's more of a breakfast place... their green chili will clear your nasal cavity!  Their omelets are delicious, their pancakes are bigger than my head, and the service is attentive and friendly.  What I love is the fact that the kitchen is right there when you walk in - you get to watch your food cook if you'd like.  The dishwasher wanders around when he's not busy, seems like a neat guy.  The homefries are absolutely delicious, they let them sit on the flat grill and soak up the bacon grease until they're crispy.  The best part?  I get a huge loaded omelet, homefries, and toast, and coffee... and it's cheap as heck.  And all that?  It's just a block from my house.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,4/8/2010,129,164,3,4,3>Don't know if it's been mentioned, but the Oriental has recenly changed hands with the owner of 3 Kings Tavern now taking over.  I don't know what he has in store, there's so much potential for the building.  It does need some touch ups but it's a great venue, I see dinner theatre as a huge possibility.Was here for a Rock N Roll wedding reception that was opened to the public and probably one of the best post wedding bashes ever (what, no Electric Slide?  THANK GAWD!!!)  The staff was cool as hell and the lax atmosphere allowed for audience exploration behind stage, up around the balconies, all that fun stuff :)  It was pretty fun.Looking forward to this place becomming a hot topic "hey, did you see that show at the Oriental?"  in the near future
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,4/7/2010,500,166,4,15,11>Wowee! A few doors down from Maandeeq East African Cafe (previously reviewed by yours truly) is another Somali gem, Ifka Cafe (no relation to the now-deceased Iftin Cafe which was a different (but also Somali) eatery further down Havana. But I digress). "Now Mark", I hear you ask, "how can two Somali food joints coexist in such close proximity?" Well, if you'll just hush for a minute, I'll fill you right in. Whereas Maandeeq focuses on full, sit-down meals, Ifka is more of a coffeeshop serving Somali snacks (wow, try saying that several times in succession!) Among the items offered - Sambusa (fried pastries stuffed with ground chicken, beef, or veggies, these are indeed reminiscent of South Asian Samosas), Maandazi (think of a slightly sweet Somali sopaipilla - oh, there I go with the alliteration again), Bajiye (lentil fritters), Bur Somali (another fried-bread item), and so on. Stop by early (as early as 8:30 am in fact) for the best selection! Wash it down with a delicious Shaah (spiced tea). Or maybe a Qahwo (coffee) is closer to what you have in mind? Then, finish it off with that dark, gelatinously sugary sweet called Xalwo, or the white, coconut-flavored one called Qumbe. Oh, just point - you'll know them when you see them.  Ah, I get it. You want a full meal, but you just ate at Maandeeq yesterday. Well, if you come early enough you can try Fouel (thick tomato-bean stew usually served with Canjeero/Anjera - see my Maandeeq review for more about this bready item). Or stop by later and partake in a Steak Sandwich. Yes, you read that correctly. Think of Maandeeq's thin beef steak dish, stick it on a bun, add lettuce, tomato, onion and Bisbaas (hot green pepper sauce) and there you are! And there's more! From Odkac (the breakfast favorite of chopped meat slow-cooked in butter) to Kalluun (a moist fish fillet) to even Cambuulo (sweet red-bean porridge, traditionally consumed at dinner).For its tasty morsels and general uniqueness, it gives me enormous pleasure (fanfare, please!) to award Ifka with 5 stars. Yes, 5ive, like the Jacksons. Well, there were actually 9 of them but you see what I mean. NB: Once again, per Somali custom, this is an alcohol-free establishment. Please do not ask for beer, wine, etc., as this is considered insulting.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,4/6/2010,202,82,,10,4>I enjoy going to this CorePower location, as it's in my 'hood and it's usually pretty mellow since there is only one class going on at a time here. I am not much of a serious and dedicated Yogi, but I always feel really good after doing Yoga.If it is your first time at a CorePower, you get a week of free classes, and free mat rental. Otherwise, it is $2 to rent a mat. Check out the website and try to pick a non-heated beginner class. Drink lots of water and wear comfortable, light clothing, as it can still be pretty hot in there if the class before was heated.Even when I'm going pretty regularly, the heated classes are iffy for me, unless I am properly hydrated. If you are going to a Hot class, be sure to bring a towel and drink lots of water, before, during and after!If you look at the schedule on the CorePower website, you will even see some free classes offered. If you are willing to go to a different CorePower location in order to get a free class, there are even more options.Personally, if there aren't any suitably timed free classes, I try to go to the $8 classes. There are usually two time slots per day that are only $8, whereas without a membership/punch card, full price is around $17. The 7:30am and 1:30pm classes at the Broadway location are typically $8 (at least at the time of this review) and they usually alternate days between Hot and regular. The $8 classes are offered by a variety of instructors and every instructor teaches a slightly different class, so if you are looking to become a serious Yogi and are thinking about a membership, these classes might be a good way to find the teacher that you love!Laid off from the job? CorePower knows how important self care is in the midst of the never-ending job hunt. They offer a discounted membership rate on the 3 month package if you bring in proof that you were laid off. Show up on your birthday and get a free birthday class!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,4/5/2010,614,1007,9,4,7>hahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!I loved this place in a really disturbing way.It's kinda dirty, but in a dark, sultry way where you probably don't notice how dirty it is if you are drunk enough.It is separated into two rooms - one which has the bar and some great loungin' and conversational areas, and the other which has a huge dance floor with a couple boxes to get up on and get your dance on.The night I was there, Karaoke was on and crackin' and I'll tell you I thought it would be a bunch of poor singers, too drunk to care, which as entertaining as that could be, gets boring really fast. Well, 2 hours later, everyone in the place was up and dancing to a wild version of Bell Biv Davoe, "Poison", werein 3 Dudes were jumping around shouting and dancing and drawing the crowd in with their magnetism and energy. It was frickin' awesome.The crowd was as diverse as diverse could get. Colfax regulars, girl parties, date-night (wow, really?), and groups of people on the "Colfax experience" tour.I would def. go back even though I was afraid to sit down in a short skirt.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,4/4/2010,87,291,1,6,6>Fresh, healthy, delicious. You feel good inside after you eat here. Perfect lunch locale. I wish Parsley was open on Sunday. Had the turkey with brie and fig spread sandwich yesterday. It's served on this fabulously fresh and tasty ciabatta bread. I loved it. Now it's all I want to eat today. Smoothies are also very delicious. Green chai tea with banana is my regular. It is mixed with soy milk, agave nectar, and almonds. This place also has a bunch of fresh juices. I haven't tried any....YET. But I'm interested in Kate's Kiss - it's a blend of kale, parsley, spinach and carrot juice. Something tells me this is the REAL green machine...not like Odawala and Naked Juice. It's a little pricey, but it is all organic and it is all goooood
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,4/3/2010,702,888,3,5,6>I'd been dying to come here forever and finally last night, we made it in for an early weeknight dinner. It was awesome! Much better than the gym, where we were originally intending to go. Because of Robin M's review, I knew I wanted to try the steak sandwich. My husband ordered the sirloin with salad (in monkeypod bowls, like when I was 5!) and baked potato, and we walked over to the lounge side and ordered two happy hour beers in big mugs. Total: $19.75. Honestly I thought my husband was a little sketched out at this point, but when our food was brought to the table, it disappeared SO fast. His steak was cooked perfectly medium rare. I am one of those picky steak eaters who cuts all the fatty bits off the edges of the meat. I hesitated for one second, examining the steak on my Texas toast and wondering if I should perform surgery, but decided to be a big girl and dive in. Surprisingly there was only one tiny hunk of gristle, the rest of the meat was so tender and easy to bite even though it was in three large pieces. With just a dab of A-1, it was delicious, and nice not to need any cheese or special sauce or mayo goo. Just meaty and buttery with a slice of tomato and lettuce. The fries were fresh with the skin on, a little greasy and soft but still hot, salty and irresistible. We cook plenty of steak at home and can certainly whip up something just as cheap and tasty (if not cheaper AND tastier) with a fancier salad and side, and a little more ambiance, and better music, but that totally isn't the point of coming to Columbine. I will be back soon because the thought of a $3 grilled cheese sandwich on that yummy butter-bathed toast with those fresh fries is enough to make me skip a few meals in preparation.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,4/2/2010,71,164,,8,4>So at long last I made it back to Parallel 17 to enjoy a full meal and not just their cocktails... I came in with a friend on a night where drinking was not on the agenda, but eating lots of delicious food was. We started off with both the tuna taro tacos and the coconut and ginger encrusted calamari. Both of these appetizers were huge and we were almost regretting having ordered dinner as well as soon as we saw them. Both were fantastic and I can definitely see why the tacos made Denver Magazine's 100 Things You Must Eat In Denver list. Despite how full we were after the appetizers, we soldiered on to the entree that we split, Duck Three Ways. The ducks comes pan seared, confit, and as a rillette. The dish comes with pancakes, a variety of veggies/herbs and you are encouraged to eat the duck in wraps. The dish was good, but I was honestly too full at that point to give it a fair shake. I was surprised by how reasonable the bill was for the huge portions. I will definitely be back to Parallel 17 soon and will make sure to bring my appetite.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,3/31/2010,267,467,3,6,6>OK, so I'm trying to drop a few pounds before heading to the beach at the end of the month and a friend wanted to go out to dinner.  I said, "cool" but it has to be somewhere I can eat healthy.  Hmmmm - "OH, how about Sushi Den"?  I jumped on that idea like . . . let's just say I was excited.They open at 5 PM on Sunday and there was already a line outside at 4:45.  Got seated immediately after they opened the door though.  Sat at the sushi bar and we were off to the races.Here's what we had:1 large hot sake (for my friend - I'm trading booze calories for food).1 never empty cup of green tea2 Miso soups (great on a cold night) - perfect way to start.2 orders of the Hamachi Jalapeno Sashimi (a signature dish)2 orders maguro nigiri (4 pieces) - melted in our mouths1 order unagi nigiri (2 pieces) - you gotta love that sweet/sticky sauce1 order eggplant (2 pieces) - you need to try this - kind of a BBQ flavor1 rainbow roll - exceptional!  As, it should be for $13.The place was slamming but there are 12 sushi chefs and between our chef and our server we never wanted for anything.  More ginger - sure.  How about some fresh grated wasabi? - absolutely (small charge though but worth it.)  Nice vibe (no detectable Wash Park yuppie 'tude at the bar anyway) and flawless food.  I'm just not sure how anyone can not rate it 5 stars.The only downside is that, as always, we managed to wave good bye to a Benjamin.  That's OK, I can eat street tacos when I get to Vallarta.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,3/30/2010,108,232,5,7,4>I come to St. Mark's so much that I forgot to review it. I mean, I haven't reviewed my apartment. Why, I'm at St. Mark's typing this review now.I just had an egg and cheese bagel and a coffee. My usual is the Gorgonzola sandwich and an iced coffee, but I've been trying to change it up.  Their cookies are beyond awesome. Their coffee is pretty good too.It's always happening here. There's always great local art hanging.  Depending on what barista is working, the music is usually pretty great. I've definitely looked up from my screen to find people smirking at me because I've been dancing in my seat while typing.The wi-fi is pretty slow, but there's also a room full of other people sucking it up. The most comfortable places to sit with a laptop are at the back of the room on a bench, in my opinion.  Unless you're rocking something newer than I am and with awesome battery life.  Then go sit outside!During the day, the place is filled with hippies and hipsters, students and teachers, and other professionals just trying to work somewhere other than home or the office. I deeply enjoy the people watching, which the slow internet causes me to take in every few minutes.I deeply suggest St. Mark's for what it is, a hip, independent coffee shop with lots of character and interesting people.  If you're expecting posh, ultra-comfy and table service, then you've come to the wrong joint. Just smile and be friendly while you're here, and I promise everyone will treat you in the same respect.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,3/29/2010,235,588,,4,3>3rd and final stop for Restaurant Weeks 2010... A night out with girlfriends is always fun. Throw in good house cocktails and food and you're golden. I'd never been to TAG before and it's pretty cool. Funky lighting fixtures upstairs and down lended to a cozy feeling. We had a table downstairs and I got there first so I ordered a cocktail based on the hostess' recommendations. The AMANTE PICANTE with tequila, cilantro, English cucumber, jalapeno, and lime. For me, it tasted to much of cucumber, but I can tell you the tequila was in there! With everyone accounted for we placed out orders. I started with the Lemongrass Chicken Salad - Shredded cabbage, candied cashews, soy beans, TAG dressing. It was a very generous portion and very good. It would be great as a summer snack with a drink outside. Then I had the Rubbed New York Steak with scallion fingerling potatoes, charred onions, red wine curry sauce. It too was a large portion and cooked well. And lastly some how I found room for the dessert Chocolate Brownie Cube with toasted nuts, dulce de leche, fresh raspberries. It was more like cake than brownie, but very yummy. With full bellies we piled in to the elevator and headed out. Looking forward to returning again.They do have happy hour at the downstairs bar 2-6 with $5 drinks & apps. But when I got there last night for dinner at 5.30 I was the first person downstairs so it's not a happening scene till later in the night.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,3/27/2010,56,131,6,7,5>This is my favorite Chinese place that delivers....and they deliver far!! Located on Colfax, they deliver to me in the Highlands...love that!I agree, this reminds me of NY Chinese food.  I have not been able to find cold sesame noodles anywhere else. They have lots of spicy peanut butter in them...mmmmm.........peanut butter......spicy.........It is very cheap!  They serve combos all day/night for around 5 or 6 dollars and they easily serve 2.  I also get to be super picky here and order exactly what I want and they make it each time!!  Steamed shrimp and veggies, white sauce spicy on the side.  There eggdrop/wonton soup is soo good, best of both worlds.  Open and deliver pretty late too! And, I have a secret crush on the delivery man...okay so he may be around 70, but so cute and always remembers my name!
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,3/26/2010,18,164,4,8,5>Here's a shocker-- someone's celebrating a birthday during your visit to  Miyama Steakhouse.Sort'a continuing in the tradition of DTC's long and forgotten "Gasho", Miyama blows the pants off of Benihana and is actually affordable. Benihana is overpriced and has all the appeal of a Denny's, once you're inside. But a more intimate decor and environment combined with delectable entrees plus a great selection of sake and sushi makes Miyama a premier Japanese steakhouse. Like all hibachi/Japanese steakhouses, you get a little bit of a show at your meal. The chefs have their routine pretty much down pat (onion volcano, choo-choo gimmick, tossing the egg into their hat, etc), but they still manage to make it personal. It might be a common occurrence, but our chef had some fun with the leftovers and invited everyone at the table to open their mouth and try to catch a piece of shrimp on-the-fly. Throughout the meal/show, the waitstaff would manage to come by to fill up our drink orders, remove empty plates and make sure we were satisfied. For entrees, the steak is always good, but I'd recommend the chicken and/or prawns. Also, you're doing yourself an injustice if you don't order the fried rice.You don't need a special occasion to visit Miyama--try it for a typical date night or a night out. Yet you'll leave feeling like it was a special occasion.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,3/25/2010,57,284,7,1,4>Dude, I bought a NINJA BELT there. Which one of your friends has a ninja belt? Which one of your Abercrombie-Gap-H&M-Buckle-Nordstrom's-Macy's wearing friends has an emm-effing NINJA belt?!?!?! Huh?!?!I thought so. Now listen up.This place is the ish (that means it's terrific). Seriously. The selection is top-notch, the people who work there are always really cool and information-chocked (and damned good looking, to boot). People you could buy a watch from and then go do shots with. Check their cufflinks. And the ties. And the belts. And the boom-box messenger bag. For guys, this place is the one-stop-shop to buy cool things that all your other guyfriends don't have and will drool over.If you buy a paper wallet, though, be forewared... I tend to uppercut anyone who bites my style. I was the first to rock one, and I think I should get royalties for every time someone says to me: "Dude, that wallet is awesome!!! Where'd you get it from!?!?!". You, too, fair reader... you too can own a cool paper wallet at mine. Visit Soul Haus. But don't let me see you flashing that badboy in public, lest the Baltimore in me make it's ugly appearance. You've been warned. ;)
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,3/24/2010,98,149,,5,7>I have spent some time living across the pond amongst the fair and rowdy who would call themselves Brits. The fish and chips spots I ventured into whilst over there were all recognized as both a great value and a cultural institution. In some circles the fish and chips remains the UK's single greatest contribution to human cuisine.GB chips is a damn near perfect re-creation of the food, if not the actual environment of a traditional UK fish and chippery. The fried fish, any variety, are all light and crispy without any of the heaviness or greasy taste one might expect when the words deep fried are uttered. The chips themselves are thick cut chunks similar to a traditional chippery and are equally delicious and non-greasy. The faux newspaper that all the food sits atop inside the plastic little bins is equally reminiscent of a traditional chippery. The fact that this place offers Walker's crisps (potato chips) is only more refreshing and representative of the level of authentic detail the owners of GB have sought to recreate here at mile-high.I am not familiar with any other establishment here in Denver serving stand-alone fish and chips. The availability of a cold lager along with delicious and authentic tasting fish and chips makes GB a wonderful addition to the Denver food-scape. Yum!
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,3/23/2010,112,168,7,14,10>Let me begin by saying I VERY rarely give 5 stars when I have only been to a place once. However I feel pretty "Whoohooey!" right now so 5 stars it is! As I was driving Sam to school last week I turned the corner across from my house and was met with a heavenly sight... signs that read "Coffee" and "Biscuits" WHAT??? Could it be true? After nearly 6 years of a coffee shop free neighborhood? What luck! So today Jessie and I wandered over before school and I am very impressed. The space is tiny and not a lot of places to just sit and hang out, but that's not the end of the world. The space they DO have is very clean, very good looking and just well put together in general. They also have this cute little zip line thing, where they write your order on a little paper bag, (which they then put your biscuit in) clip it to the line and Zing! Off it goes! I ordered a regular buttermilk biscuit with honey, a Mocha and and Hot Chocolate for Jess and paid just under 8 bucks. Not bad, esp cuz' my medium Mocha came with 3 shots, not 2 like Starbucks. Anyhoo... while we waited we chatted with Seth the owner/manager type guy. What a doll! So friendly, so professional, and seemed so grateful to have this opportunity to really succeed in a new business. I was once again impressed. Great job Seth. The coffee is seriously some of the best I've EVER had. My mocha was not so saturated with thick heavy mocha flavor that you couldn't taste the actual richness and deepness of the coffee itself. It was just right. My biscuit...what I actually ate of it, ( thanks A LOT Jess...I asked you if you wanted one when we were there!) was yummy. It was dense but not too doughy and the butter flavor was lovely. I love butter. The biscuit was sliced and my honey was waiting for me inside. Who doesn't love a good biscuit? They also have a "Biscuit of the day". Today it was peanut butter and they have little samples you can... well... sample! It was tasty too...the peanut butter was not overwhelming and didn't hit me right away, good with jelly! I like a business who doesn't try to do too much too fast and right now Rise and Shine is very very good at what they are doing! Here is one last thing which I LOVE!!!! At first I thought Rise and Shine had taken over the spot where Basil Docs Pizza was, which made me feel sad for them. I hate to see a local business close. However I was WRONG!!! Rare I know... but they actually SHARE the space!!! GENIUS! How wonderful and economical and environmentally sound and just swell in general! The coffee shop is open in the first part of the business day and the Basil Docs opens up in the evening! Splendid! Here's to sharing and small local businesses! So my advice is this. Go check this place out, it is so important that we support our neighborhoods and their establishments. I fear a world of big corporate crap, so let's "Rise and Shine" together and make a difference for Seth and his new venture! Did I mention the super cute Bay window with a big cushion in it? Cozy!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,3/22/2010,37,80,3,8,3>Good wine is always best with friends and good conversation. I wasn't all that hungry and that was fine because I had already made up my mind that I was going to have a few glasses of wine. Bold, full red wine. I sat at our cozy table for 8 that sat 7 and ordered a French wine. As you may know from my other reviews, I have no idea about wine. I can certainly BS you but I don't know much. I do know that I don't drink a lot of French wine and was pleasantly surprised at this mild red from Bordeaux. Next up was something else that was red. Maybe it was the Malbec. I really don't know. What I can tell you is that I tried everyone's wine at the table. And it was all delicious. And surprisingly not overpriced. You can find a really nice, full bodied red for around $7 to $9 a glass and even a flight for $12. Wow. I'm starting to sound like a cheapskate. All I'm saying is that it's not over-the-top pretentious. I liked that. I did end up having Panino con Formaggio (Fresh mozzarella, sweet cherry pepper relish, arugula, Heirloom tomatoes and juniper balsamic glaze for 8.5) that had great flavor but wasn't super impressed by the bread. I tried the beet salad which was delicious and a bite of the Pizza Artista with cured artisan meats and cheeses, arugula and balsamic reduction $9.75. And the meatballs. Now thatsa gooda meatball. Overall, Lala's was a great place to have a glass of wine, have a small bite and have a great time with new friends.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2009,3/21/2010,175,855,2,2,4>My husband and I went to Dry Dock yesterday as part of a brewery tour.  We had no idea it was so close to our house and absolutely loved the place!  It sits in a little strip mall in Aurora - you wouldn't know there was a brewery in there if you didn't know what you were looking for!  When you walk in you are greeted with a nice bright bar area & super friendly staff.  There is a long bar with a variety of brews on tap to choose from and a big window behind the bar into the brewery operations in the back.  Also in this location is the Brew Hut - a great shop for all your home brewing needs.  The variety of beers and the light/fun atmosphere was one that makes you want to keep coming back!  Can't wait to go back and try some more micro brews.  This trip my favorites were the chocolate stout & apricot ale.  Both were outstanding!
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,3/20/2010,119,122,3,6,5>The missus and I first set foot in this alternative outfit outlet almost by accident last week. After trying to track down some fresh new iron-on patches at nearby Wax Trax (and coming up empty-handed, to nobody's surprise), I decided to give Fashionation a try, 'just for kicks'. Not only did I found a find a handful of patches that perfectly complimented my hesher's uniform, but I also found an incredibly friendly staff, great selection, and shopper-friendly atmosphere. Fashionation is a store with a target audience, but with enough variety to reach beyond. Many reviewers have emphasized the goth qualities of the store's wares, but I think that's unfair pigeonholing. Although the Tommy Hilfigers of the world will be missing out, there's more than just Corpse Bride (and groom) threads to be had here! A floor-to-ceiling selection of sharp and sexy boots, shoes, dresses, tops, purses and plenty of accessories lines the walls of Fashionation. Those seeking the perfect ensemble for a hot date to the funeral procession, or cut a rug at the next undead sockhop (i.e. goths and rockabilly folk) are in for a treat, but for the rest of us, there's plenty of ghoulish deals to be had, as well.Since the comparisons to Hot Topic are unavoidable, I feel pressured to point out the upside to this regrettable relationship. Namely, that Fashionation is a store with integrity (although you might miss those Cinnabon smells wafting in from the food court). Even though some of the styles will surely overlap, the atmosphere, patrons, and most of all staff at Fashionation are far removed from the trendy mallgoth scourge of America. While chatting with the helpful, well-informed clerk about the store, she informed us that the reason their duds are more expensive than Hot Topic is that many of them are made exclusively for mom n pop shops like Fashionation, so they're higher quality. You're getting what you pay for, and the cuts on these threads seem to justify the cost.Although I'm not sure when I'll be back to Fashionation (next time I'm in need of some stripped knee-highs, or can convince the misses that that $150 pair of vinyl boots is a worthwhile investment), but based on my first trip, I'll find an excuse! If you've been looking for alternative fashions in Denver, and would rather listen to the Cramps than Linkin Park while you try on that corset or Betty Page-inspired flats...make tracks for Fashionation.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,3/19/2010,95,330,3,7,3>I think I just fell into a food coma... no really!  I am exhausted after eating all the food on my plate 20th Street Cafe.  So exhausted I had to get my chocolate cream pie to go.  Hello dinner!So todays lunch was down to three new places to try: Gastro Cart, Organixx, & 20th Street Cafe.  I presented my friend with all his options and he selected 20th Street Cafe; off we went.It's a very small restaurant that aesthetically has not had an upgrade in decades but the place was PACKED when we came in.  Seats were easy to find at the bar but forget getting a table or a booth a lunch time unless you arrive early.  We saddle on up to the lunch bar and we are immediately greeted by one of the two waiteress running the cafe.  Drinks served, free dinner rolls with butter, orders placed, and now to relax until lunch shows up.I got the breakfast burrito because I have been craving non-sweet breakfast foods due to the cold weather.  My friend got the Corn Beef Hash.  Both dishes were fantastic!  We also ordered a hamburger to go for a co-worker and a previously mentioned piece of chocolate cream pie to go.  Total:  $21!  Are you kidding me!!!Fantastic local cafe.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,3/18/2010,138,353,5,12,7>I'm sitting at my cubicle at work.  The boss walks up behind me and says, "Wings?" I say, "I can be convinced."And so it began.  After having some wings for lunch just a day before, I decide I'm still in the mood for wings.  So off we went to Wingin' It. A short drive from the workplace, it's a cute, small establishment.  Not fancy, no frills, just a bunch of tables, some arcade games, beer in a cooler, and soda from a fountain machine.  Oh -- and lots of hockey stuff up for decor (you had me at hockey!)With lots of specials, a wide-range of wing amounts to choose from -- and a ton of different sauces you can sample to decide what you might want, I was in heaven!  I didn't used to be a wing guy, but I decided I wasn't fat enough, so I should eat more wings.I had a 10 piece wing meal, with fries and a drink and the Honey Hot sauce (AMAZING) for $8.80 -- excellent excellent price-point value, here.The wings were tasty, the meat was moist and came right off the bone (which was easily mouth-cleanable) and my soda-mix of Dr. Pepper and Root Beer complimented perfectly.  I skipped the deep-fried twinkie, but maybe next time.All in all, a delicious, inexpensive stop for lunch. I could totally see myself bellying up here for some beer and a lot of wings during a football game.  I will definitely go back!  And I can't wait to try more flavors....atomic next time maybe?
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,3/17/2010,13,45,4,10,8>I went to Mop Factory about a month ago. This is my story: Upon coming home, I was getting use to my fancy new cut, (it was a longish bob with bangs, a good 4 or 5 inches were cut) and my roommate proceeded to tell me, every time she saw me for the next week, that she loved my new hair. I then noticed the new-do compliment was not restricted to the first viewing. No, my friends were still enamored by this new hair by the third time they saw it. I was feeling pretty proud of my haircut. But it doesn't end there. Obviously people who see you all the time notice if you get a new and improved hairstyle. However, I joke not, people I've never met in my life have walked up to me in public places and said I have "great hair". My most notable compliment so far was from an Asian couple sitting next to me on the plane- first they asked if I was Korean (No...totally plain ol' Caucasian) and then said I looked like a Korean model. That was flattering (and strange). And there has been an unforeseen surge in people wanting my phone number. I feel like a hair superstar. Thanks Andee! On another note, I have really thick hair, and seem to always select styles that are for the gals with fine hair. I thought it was interesting that she cut my hair (from a photo of the actress liesha hailey, who has really fine hair...) in a manner that seems to emphasize it naturally being thick hair. So now I embrace the puffy fro-yness, instead of trying to keep it all down. And I'm lazy about doing hair, and she REALLY gave me an easy to prepare 'do. (at other places, I explain I don't want to spend alot of time on it, and I wind up having to buy products and tools to style it. And that irks me alot) Overall, the best haircut I've ever gotten.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,3/16/2010,185,251,2,9,6>Senor Ric's is Mr. Mixer and my biweekly date night place. Not that we have a schedule. But we kind of do. And often, we end up at Senor Rics. First of all, you can sit in the bar area. No big deal, right? Except you get all the self-serve chips and salsa you can eat. And I can eat a lot of salsa. Because of this laxity with the salsa, Mr. Mixer and I usually share a Ric's platter and a pitcher of margaritas for dinner. Bonus points for a cheap meal! The Ric's platter is good, though. Two mini tacos, two mini flautas, two mini beef chimichangas and three miniature pollo magnificos surround a little bowl of green chili. OMG-- EVERYTHING IS SO FREAKING TINY AND ADORABLE!!! Ok, now that's out of my system. Everything is pretty yummy, too. The chili is spicy and peppery. The chimis are topped with melty cream cheese. Guac on the flautas. We like it all. I haven't had anything else there in a very long time. One recommendation: get an upgrade on your margaritas. The house margaritas are just too full of sweet and sour; they make my tummy hurt. The Baja margs are good.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,3/15/2010,639,447,4,8,9>Thinking back to the brunch I had here over the weekend makes me wish I could go back and relive it again and again and gain.To reiterate what everyone else says, there will be a wait of at least 30 minutes when you come here (on the weekends when it's approaching 11 or 12, the wait time can go up to 1 1/2 hours) so bring a book, a video game or a friend who you can talk with for well over 2 hours.But I tell you now, it is SO worth the wait. I had the Pulled Pork Benedict (BBQ pulled pork, 2 poached eggs, diced pickles and sharp cheddar hollandaise sauce served atop a piece of toasted cornbread) and I ate it more slowly than I have eaten something for a while. I never wanted the dish to end. The way the flavors melded together made me feel like I was being spoiled rotten by an entire restaurant.And the Bloody Mary's. Me-OW! How do you make an already spicy drink even spicier? Make it with pepper infused vodka. The drink was so spicy it took me the entire meal to drink it. And I liked every spicy moment.Since this was our first time at Snooze, the server brought out a specialty pancake for us to split and try. The pancake was amazing, but the scene my boyfriend witnessed as it was about to be served was even better. Apparently, another server or perhaps the manager was bringing the pancake to our table. Our server stopped the guy carrying our pancake and a small argument ensued. The waiters were fighting over who got to deliver the pancake to our table.Let me repeat that. The servers were arguing over who would be doing MORE work for a table.That awesome story aside, the service here was spectacular. especially given that these servers had no doubt been going non stopfor at least three hours before I sat down. Our server was cheerful and attentive, checking in with us every 20 minutes or so.There was so much on this menu that I wanted to try, I am going to try and get over to this place a little more often to sample more of the menu. And since they are only three blocks from my current abode, I think I may develop an addiction to their breakfast foods.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,3/14/2010,212,239,10,17,13>Just call me the happiest girl in all of West Washington Park. Shout it from the rooftops people, a great Mexican place right here in the hood. Opened today, La Brisa will let you chow down on super fresh salsa, chocked full of fresco tomatoes, onion, cilantro and jalapenos for a touch of heat. Wait, I need a moment, a MEXICAN joint two blocks away and a liquor licence coming shortly!! I can't image the hoops these poor people had to jump through to get passed the West Washington Park Home Owners Association. The ball and chain ordered the chili relleno plate, cheesy stuffed whole pablano peppers with cilantro rice and beans. It was served with a wonderfully delicate red sauce and he proclaimed they were the best rellenos he has ever eaten. They came with a side of hearty and thick tortillas hot off the grill, just like my Aunties used to make. I opted for the Asada burrito, the steak tasted like steak, smokey and chewy and perfect. No cheap ass mystery meat there my friends. The green chili was perfect, made with a roux and loaded with pork chunks. I have enough left over for at least two or three more meals. Hungry for a little french toast? This is your place, omelets and the usual Mexican breakfast goodies. On Saturday I will be getting my tripe on with the menudo. i just drooled. Salads and soups and the usual fare. Seriously, this place is going to jam and you are now in the know to the coolest new place in West Washington Park. Oh, the owner, is just a doll, I wish her every bit of luck, but I think she won't need much because the food and service and the atmosphere speak for themselves. See you on the patio (when the license come through) with a margarita in my hand!
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2009,3/13/2010,134,373,,6,5>In the mood for a good burger and trusting so many of you, I stopped in to Park Burger for dinner this evening.First of all, any place that offers Hoegaarden on tap is obviously going to make me a happy man to start.  Having missed out on lunch and having played tennis this morning, I was HUNGRY.  I ordered the double with a fried egg, cheddar and the haystack onions.  Could have lived without the onions, as I never really tasted them.  Let me just say, if you are a burger place and are not willing to cook my burger the way that I ask you to, I will not be back.  I ordered my Park Burger rare.  How did it come out?  Rare.  No lectures for me on the safety and health concerns associated with rare meat.  No trying to sneak a medium burger onto my bun in the hopes that I will not notice.  I ORDERED A RARE BURGER AND I GOT A RARE BURGER!  Great start.  But was the burger good?  F yeah, it was great.  They use Harris Ranch meat.  I am familiar with Harris Ranch beef because they sell it at the Cherry Creek Farmers' market too.  Start with good beef, cook it right, and then put great ingredients with it and you have made a 2/3 lb. burger that I do not mind paying $10 for or a few bucks less for those just wanting a normal sized burger.  Also had the fried sweet potatoes and the regular fries and I must tell you, that as good as they both were, I was not willing to put down my burger to eat them.  I waited until my burger was gone and then polished off the fries.Four stars for now, but I feel an upgrade coming if they perform as well the next time I go in.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,3/12/2010,238,144,,14,7>Went for lunch.  Wow.First off, the lunch, $7?  I almost ordered extra, thinking there is no way I'll get enough for $7.  Wrong.  I ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box, which also had 4 pieces of Cali roll, tempura veggies, a small salad, and miso soup.  My counterpart had a similar meal, but with grilled salmon, and rice instead of salad.  Not only was it the perfect amount of food, but it was all delicious.  The mix of flavors from the grilled chicken, to the various tempura veggies, and the always good Cali roll.  Healthy for you and for your pocketbook.  Fast, too.  It will give you time to take a short walk through the neighborhood and have a healthier lunch yet.  I dare you to find a better deal for $7. ($8 for the salmon), and it doesn't end there, there are several other options in the same price range.  I love Japon in general, for their diversity, great service, awesome value and quality, and for not being overpriced and pretentious.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,3/11/2010,242,830,3,9,8>Where is it 85 degrees and humid in Denver in February?At the Butterfly pavilion!(Remember to dress in layers if you come here on a cold day, because it's HOT in there!)Yeah, you get to hold a tarantula (I didn't.  Mr. Me did.)  Yeah, you can get creeped out by Black Widows and Brown Recluses  (Ewww.  Spiders) and your neck will crawl at the sight of the Millipedes.But the stars of the show here are the Butterflies.  There are multiple-times-daily releases of newly-hatched butterflies, which you can watch.  There are Cocoons on display in every stage of butterfly metaphorphosis, too.  There's tons of tropical plants: Hibiscus, Bottlebrush, vines, palms, airplants, and so many more.  The bright, tropical plants make for wonderful backgrounds for photos of the butterflies.  Oh, and they've got turtles. I can easily kill an hour plus in here with my camera.  (Tripods are not allowed, be forewarned) It's a great, warm oasis on a cold Winter day!(Photos posted)
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,3/10/2010,110,100,4,5,6>I heart El Taco De Mexico!I adore their marinated pork tacos, egg or chicken chilaquiles (if you ask nicely they can give you egg and chicken together, Yum!), huevos rancheros, and their green chile.I think it's a lovely sight to see the four or five ladies working in their very CLEAN kitchen, making authentic Mexican dishes.  The place is very simple.  A long bar and 5 or 6 booths, and a completely exposed kitchen.  There are also some tables outside which is nice for those good weather daysI also knew this place was going to be awesome when I saw things like tongue on the menu and everyone speaks Spanish.  When I want Mexican food, I want it to be authentic and worthwhile, and this place definitely is.  Yes it is a bit expensive, especially if you're used to the great deals you can get on authentic Mexican food in places like Southern California.  If you consider how hard these ladies work and the quality they put forth, I think it's totally worth the price.By the way, this place has been visited by people like Rachel Ray when they do travel shows in Denver.  I guess it's pretty well-known and I have to say I really don't think there is too much hype despite this.Oh and FYI:  They only take cash here, no credit cards...
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,3/9/2010,257,1564,3,18,7>One of the best Ethiopian meals I've ever had.Don't be afraid.  This places looks like it might be closed, and when you enter you won't see any patrons. But keep walking to the dining room and you won't be alone.Service was friendly, and the wait was not as long as expected.  My experience has taught me that Ethiopian meals take a while.  That is due in part to the prep required  and also to culture.  Don't go for Ethiopian if you want a quick meal; go if you want a relaxed evening of delicious food.The injera tastes like they use a good amount of teff (not standard in the States, I'm told--often due to cost).  It's got a great sour tang to it. They cook it a bit longer, so one side gets a little crispy, which is different from other places I've eaten.The doro wot (chicken legs, hardboiled egg, and a spicy Berbere sauce) was excellent.  We ordered that with a vegetarian special. The bf was especially fond of the cabbage and potatoes. I enjoyed the alicha, a flavorful stew of lentils.Our food was gone within minutes because it was so delicious.  If I could only eat one cuisine for the rest of my life, it would be Ethiopian food.  And this place makes some of the best.Since we were only two, we couldn't get the combo dishes or the traditional Ethiopian coffee.  Both serve at least four people. We made a note to find some friends to come back with us.  (If love coffee and you haven't had it in the traditional Ethiopian style, you really should.  It sounds expensive at $15, but it is well worth it.)
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,3/8/2010,245,483,11,13,15>I don't think that you can officially call yourself a Denverite until you've been to this institution.  I mean, damn, M&D serve up some good BBQ!  I am still glowing after my Sherman Klump sized serving of orgasmic smoked meat swimming in tangy sauce.  With our raging appetites impairing our food decision making abilities, my wife and I went with the path of least resistance and ordered the Combination "Q", a mix of all of M&D's favorites from their smoker.  This was great, because we wanted it all and we wanted it now - the hot links, the chicken, the ribs, the brisket, and the pulled pork.  My wife is a little timid with the spice, so we ordered the medium sauce with a little spicy on the side.  Let me tell you, I like myself some spicy food, but their spicy sauce has a little more kick than even I'd prefer - so you've been warned.  The food, like mr. pibb and red vines, was crazy delicious.  The plate was too massive for the two of us, but I couldn't let any of this wonderfulness go to waste.  The chicken had the best smokey flavor of them all, and the meat fell off the bone.  The ribs were cooked to perfection and the sausage and brisket were solid teammates.  But the Michael Jordan of the meal was the pulled pork.  Now, I am partial to pull pork, but GD, this pull pork makes me want to start a new religion in tribute to it.  People will start saying phrases like, "For the love of Pulled Pork!" or "Pulled Pork damned it!"  The pulled pork is indeed that darned good.We also had a side of mac & cheese and their baked beans - both good - washing our meal down with some of their lemonade, which was basically diabetes in a mug.  For dessert, we went with the sweet potato pie - bomblicious!  Afterwards, we waddled back home and hibernated for the rest of winter.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,3/7/2010,118,148,10,5,4>I love tacos. I love my house. I also love when a stranger brings tacos TO my house. It seems like a little miracle every time. I will now do a little written reenactment. Them: Taco ExchangeMe: I'd love some tacos to be delivered to my house. Them: Done and done(About an hour later)BUZZZ!!!Them: Here are your tacosMe: HOOOOORRRAAAAYYYYY!!!! THANK YOU JEEBUS!!!Them: (thinking) she is weird. Me: Nom nom nom....Fin.So, if you live in Capitol Hill, call. Order. Enjoy.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,3/6/2010,154,74,,6,6>Weeeehooo! What a great place. Huge servings of delicious, authentic southern cooking. It's open only on weekdays and only until 3pm or they run out of food. Whatever comes first. We live right near by, so my boyfriend and I went for lunch on a day off recently. I liked it so much I've now been back twice. The servings are huge so it always is both lunch AND dinner. The decor is eclectic. Some funky stuff on the walls, but mostly its a tiny diner style place. You order, you're served and you find an open place to sit down and eat. The Fried Chicken is stellar. Probably my favorite in Denver. The cornbread is delicious, Crumbly, perfectly golden and a little buttery. I've had the Gumbo/Sausage and it's scrumptious. Thick, but not too thick. Huge chunks of delicious perfectly seasoned sausage. I love the Fried Okra and I can't pass up the Peach Cobbler. So much yum. Go! (If you like Southern fare)
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,3/5/2010,98,156,3,3,3>This review only goes as far as the vodka, I've been here about 2 dozen times and have yet to have anything other than a liquid dinner.The vodka is all infused on site.  I've made a point to try them all.  Delish!  They have quite a variety.  My favorite is the beet flavored, they also have garlic, which is great on the rocks with some olives... There is also a variety of fruity flavors if you're into getting some 'foo-foo' shots.  They sell them as a single shot or by the carafe.  Make sure that you have a DD lined up, the vodka goes down like candy and you're seeing triple before you know it, especially if you're like me and going to try them all in one night.  The bar staff is super friendly and lots of fun...One of these days, I'm planning on actually eating real food here (not just the delicious pickles they serve with the vodka).
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,3/4/2010,476,701,3,9,5>Like everyone else has mentioned, this place has cool stuff for kids.What hasn't really been mentioned is trying to use this place as a gym. Depending on your free time schedule, early mornings (and I do mean early, people are waiting in the lot for them to open at 6:00am!) and late afternoons from about 4:00pm until about 7:00pm are a zoo. You can get your workout in at those times because the majority of the people are polite and know gym etiquette but it does get crowded (can you say "gym rats"). Because I have a lot of free time right now I've been trying to figure out when the best time to get in there to get a workout in without having to feel rushed or the need to pose in front of the mirrors or push ridiculous amounts of weight. Well if you get there at around 10:00am it's a lot quieter and the only people there are the graying panthers (you know the type, they look elderly and innocent and then proceed to lap your ass on the jogging track. Hah, you might be able to out run me old woman but I can push 2.5 more pounds than you on the bench press!).  They do have kids summer programs during the day too but that usually affects the B-ball courts, pools, and ice arenas and doesn't impact the gym nearly as much.So, this is a medium size gym with both free weights and the universal type equipment that is kept in good shape (I've yet to see a piece of equipment that is out of service out of my 5 or 6 visits). Hey, small steps in the right direction.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,3/3/2010,397,602,6,6,6>My name is Kat..and I am addicted to PHO.Nothing else really to say but this is the best place I have ever had Pho and I have tried several other spots since my last review.  I took my parents here this past weekend, and even they said it was the best they'd had, and they are regular pho eaters back in Chicago! And funny, every time I come in here it never fails, I will always see someone from Yelp. Aaron always knows how I like my pho-marinated steak/brisket/no white onion that I don't even need to see a menu.I still come here 3-4 times a week and now that it is getting colder out I am sure I will be coming here more than that. My only request: Aaron, can you guys please make frequent punchcards?!?!!!
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2009,3/2/2010,81,318,2,7,4>Wow, did we luck out at China Jade !!!! The food itself is 5 Stars -- the trick, if you like "Authentic Chinese" is to order off the laminated menu, not the paper take-out looking menu. I'm sure the food is good off the paper menu, but it's your standard Chinese fare -- along the lines of Beef and Broccoli, and Kung Pao Chicken. The laminated menu had dishes like Pork Belly, and Ants Climbing Up a Tree, and a boiled fish that came out in a Pyrex Dish !!!Note to self:  Ask about the special board written in Chinese.Instead of reading either menu, We actually ordered off other tables -- oh, yes, we did !!! We couldn't help but notice what our fellow diners were eating, and literally pointed to the dishes and said, "We'll have 1 of those, and 1 of those". Worked out great -- The food was fantastic !!!! The restaurant itself is a small space in a nondescript strip mall -- you know, the same looking Chinese Restaurant that's on every corner in the Denver Metro Area. However, once you feel the hospitality and taste the food, you know this is no ordinary strip mall Chinese -- Like, I said -- 5 Star Food. I didn't want to ding the restaurant too badly since the food was so great, but it wouldn't be me not to point out the lack of ambiance, and most importantly, the lack of liquor license. It also was so loud, it was hard to relax and enjoy-- It's the kind of place I would frequent 1x per week, but as take out -- If I had the money, I would set this crew up in a full service restaurant --Wow, I could just image what these folks could do with a large, elegant space with me as their Sommelier. We would win every 5280 Award for sure --
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,3/1/2010,60,90,3,6,5>I still love this place.  Walked here today and spent some quality time on one of the five comfy couches in their basement.  The baristas are friendly every single time I come here for a caffeine fix (which is relatively a lot, seeing how I am almost through the third row of my frequent buyer punch card).  The decor of Hooked on Colfax's new space is more modern and "clean" compared to their old location at 3215 E. Colfax Ave.  Although, no need to fret, you can still sink in to an overstuffed couch if you head to their basement, which marches to a completely different drummer than the upstairs design.Beware,there is a woman who uses their basement for her Spanish tutoring sessions.  I didn't bring my headphones today, so I couldn't block her voice out, so it was a little like listening to someone talk on their phone very loudly the entire time, since the conversation was pretty one sided and her student was super soft spoken.  The good thing is that I brushed up on the difference between, "cuando" and "donde."  And then, right when I thought I was in the clear and he left, her next student arrived!
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,2/28/2010,410,321,,10,11>Regardless of how many times I've been to Root Down, every time is a different experience!One of my greatest pleasures in life is eating and being sustainable, RD delivers both qualities every time. I can't emphasize enough about how much they spend time creating small details that deliver how creative they really are, from can lids decorating their private room wall, bright white garage rags used as cloth napkins, small paper containers looking like cigarette boxes filled with matches, local artesian water, sustainable to-go boxes, all the way to a rock with a crack holding the check; every small detail is what it makes RD a memorable place for me.Food is wholesome mixed with creativity out of the box! Had "Organic Gala Apple-Pear Chutney &  Cilantro" soup and it's quite hard to describe my experience because of complexity levels, initially it tasted like carrot soup with curry, the more I'd tasted the more I could savor, like ginger, some other spices, pieces of slightly sweet apple chutney on the bottom... This soup has lots of umami! For entrée, had "Meyer Ranch "Never Ever" Bistro Beef Tender Smoked Apple-Potato Gratin, Lemon Dressed Arugula & A Black Pepper-Mascarpone Caramel" - beef was grilled to perfection (rare), actually RD can grill and deliver exactly how you want; dressing on salad was very light, keeping the greens crunchy and fresh, smoked apple-potato au gratin was complementing.Service was amazing as always, I wished all restaurants had servers like RD does.My ultimate sustainability requisites is to use local ingredients and more importantly, to support the same when needed; RD have demonstrated today by donating a percentage of their food proceeds to those in need in Haiti; that percentage is going to Project C.U.R.E. helping Haiti with medical supplies.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,2/27/2010,16,85,6,2,6>best french toast i've ever had.  period.i know know, it's just french toast.  bread, eggs, milk right?  sure, but it's their goddamn praline syrup.  it's made with love and heroin.  i got kicked out for trying to serve it to myself intravenously.  i don't even know what else is on the menu, it's that good.  served with an andouille sausage and some fresh fruit.  unbelievable meal.and get some beignets people, they do have a half order if you don't want to spoil your meal.  deliciousnesssssfresh squeezed OJ was amazing as expected.service was fine, no complaints.  my best advice is to get there early.  by the time we finished our meal, they were lined out the door.  i've come down here and had to turn around before because the wait was so bad ---hmm i wonder if the food's good...
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,2/26/2010,164,180,1,6,6>As a furniture geek and artsy fartsy, I could spend a lot of time investigating every nook and cranny in this little hidden gem.  There sure is a lot of stuff crammed into this old design school and art studio and if you listen really hard you can still hear the critiques, overhear the discussions, smell the paint... (OK, that's my imagination).  You can even see Vance Kirkland's studio (that's real).  A must see if you like art, pottery, furniture and want to learn more about a famous local artist and lots of others.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,2/25/2010,34,238,3,7,6>This place is really easy to miss.  If you're driving north on Federal, which I almost always do, you can't even see the sign until you've almost passed it.  And even then it doesn't look like much more than a hot-dog cart at a quick glance.  And they've got this strange Hotel California thing going on with the parking lot, where all of the parking spaces are angled forward, but you still have to back out on Federal when you are ready to make a run for it.  Given that there's a hot dog cart out front, the massive drink list of very healthy and delicious shakes, and some of the best Mole I've ever had makes for a really great but slightly quirky experience.  Once you enter it's warm and comfortable, although not the best for large groups.  A group of 20 can overrun this place.  Their Guacamole was really nice, and one of the appetizers was pickled Jalapeño halves filled with peanut butter and cheese.  I know it sounds weird and it was but at the same time I loved it.  I want to go back and try some of the other things on the menu, but I will have a hard time ordering anything that doesn't have their Mole just because it was so good.  Everything seemed really inexpensive too, even the shakes seemed reasonable for a homemade shake.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,2/24/2010,25,56,,6,3>This place really speaks to my soul...a soul that digs challah, kosher salami, everything bagels, and melty reubens. These people know their business. Every waitress here (come to think of it...I don't think I've ever seen a "dude" waiter here) is a professional...its as if they have been waiting for decades, and they know their stuff. I usually get the one or two egg breakfast with an everything bagel, kosher salami, and the potatoes: tasty diner decadence! I would also recommend the challah french toast, but you most likely won't finish it unless you haven't eaten in 10 or more hours. Coffee flows like the Colorado River, as they give you your own mini-pot of it. Water is always filled before it is an issue, and they give you your check when they bring the food. You pay up front, but there's no rush here. Like most of the patrons, I love to linger over my coffee, and contemplate life in general over my everything bagel with cream cheese. Its a perfect way to spend a late Sunday morning, where you can throw out ideas on how to spend the rest of your day.The decor is darker wood, with old photographs of Jewish families on the walls. It is incredibly charming, and there's no need to get fancied up in this joint. I dare you to resist the rugelach, banana breads, pastries, and giant cakes that smack you in the face as you enter! I once saw a strawberry cake in a glass holder that I wanted to run away with forever. WARNING: You may become overwhelmed with pangs for sweet goods as you walk by the display cases.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,2/23/2010,64,263,2,5,3>Fueled by the recent spate of interest over Julia Child and everything French, and, coming off of my recent experience at the Yelp Iron Chef competition at the beautiful Cook Street culinary school, I, my friends, am bent on becoming the next local Top Chef.  And Le Central offers yet another opportunity for me to demonstrate my culinary expertise.  Each month Le Central offers a cooking demonstration and dinner.  Each month is a different menu so you can learn new and different techniques from the chefs at Le Central.  Of course, I didn't actually get to don an apron at this event, but I did sit really close to the chefs.Last night the menu was a fougasse (this is simulataneously everything yet  nothing like a pizza), followed by a snapper filet served with a sun-dried tomato pesto on a greek salad, finished up with a decadent puff pastry dessert featuring creme anglaisse.  This was so much fun.  I will definately go back.  The demonstrations were very well organized (although they did get a bit off of their schedule toward the end of the demos).  The demos were light-hearted but educational.  The chefs were comfortable in front of their audiences and seemed to simply share their own personal knowledge and preferences about cooking.  I definately picked up a few tips that I can't wait to try in my own kitchen. The wait staff were easy-going and right on top of things.  I especially liked how I was able to describe to the waiter my preference for a red wine and he nailed it with a really light beaujolais.  An added bonus was that I didn't have to break the bank for a glass of wine.  At just $4 a glass, I didn't feel bad about ordering two!  My one suggestion is to add some more tasting in to the mix.  At the first demo station we were given a taste of a delicious savory brioche.  But as the demos went on, I was getting hungrier and hungrier.  Hey Chef, can you throw me a little croistini to try a taste of that pesto you just made?  Break off a bite of that puff pastry!  After all, even though I'm tasting the dishes at my table later, a little somethin', somethin' to tied me over would have been nice.  Plus, then I really understand the flavor profiles and textures I'm shooting for in my own kitchen.  But really, this was a minor flaw in an otherwise flawless night.  I will definately be back!
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2009,2/22/2010,307,575,10,5,5>Golly gosh darn it all to hoopty high heaven! I forgot how fun bowling can be. Some pretext for context: Several (5+) years ago, I was invited to join a beer & pizza league at Monaco Lanes. It was a long commute, because I was living up in the foothills at the time, but the team was solid. We had ringers, a token fat guy, and a couple sleepers that would 'wake up' when the games got close. We dressed the part, all bought our own shoes - one guy even had his own ball. We came in second. I digress. Last night, a group of us decided that we should do the bowling thing. It had been years since I visited the lanes where my team suffered a 6 pin defeat for first place. Walking in brought back such fond memories. The smell of beer, bowling, and fierce competition was ripe in the air. It was on. Is this turning into a story? Crap. Ok, so great lanes, reasonable prices, super friendly staff, remarkably uncrowded, etc. Beer & Pizza league still happens every week. I will be putting the old band back together. Rock and roll!
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,2/21/2010,190,292,5,14,7>Before I get started: If you eat nothing else at Kobe An, order the scallop dynamite. Wow. It made me channel Jimmy Walker it was so good. I need a moment. So good.My friend took me here earlier in the week. We got to chat with Marco, the owner, who was exceptionally nice and clearly takes a lot of pride in the restaurant he runs with his wife. He gave us a little lesson on sake (which I'd never tried before) while we waited for our seats. My favorite was the unfiltered...bad me for forgetting the name.We sat in one of the semi-private tea rooms. I'd highly recommend getting one of the rooms for your dining experience. Great lighting, very intimate, and really relaxing.We ate a stupid amount of food. The miso was incredible, for starters. Instead of going for individual orders, we opted for the chef's special and weren't disappointed. Katie, our server, got us some of the specials, too. We had a roll she referred to as "Crackle" that was awesome. There were some hand rolls with crab tempura that were delicious, too, but the sauce in it was really rich, so I couldn't actually finish mine. There was some salmon and tuna nigiri that was great, and we also got to try some snapper that was done up with a jalapeno garnish that was flavored really well. The service was stellar, the ambiance was totally relaxing, and the food was amazing.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2009,2/20/2010,285,768,1,7,3>I'm updating my review because I've come to realize, I crave Taste Of Philly! I'm from outside Philly and I know my cheese steaks, and this is the best Denver has to offer. You can tell the owners are from back east, it's not just the Eagles and Phillies memorabilia on the walls, typical of all cheese steak joints, but it's the menu. Not only do the steaks have whiz, but they also have hoagies and grinders, Tastykakes and Birch Beer. That's the real deal right there. The rolls are the best, fresh and never chewy. Not only are the cheese steaks the best, but the Italian and Turkey grinders are excellent. I will say that we have had delivery countless times from this joint, and there are times where the order is wrong, but they are quick to fix it and send out the correct items along with extra goodies. If you are looking for the best and most authentic cheese steak in Denver, Taste of Philly is the place to go.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,2/19/2010,103,577,2,8,4>I have to admit, I am a bit timid when it comes to trying new things. I have had Middle-Eastern food just a handful of times and thought some was really good and some was not so good.I have always heard great things about Damascus and have driven by it probably a million times on Littleton Blvd. I decided to give it a try. I am sure glad that I did!First off, you can't begin to even imagine how many items are on the menu! It is huge! Wow, my head was spinning from amazing-sounding things to order. But of course, I HAD to order the pita bread with hummus. You can never go wrong with either of those things and you can especially never go wrong with it at Damascus - because this is probably some of the best, if not the best hummus+pitas I have ever had. I would go here solely to order that as my meal! Delicious! Then my fiance and I decided to split the lamb (I love lamb!) with saffron rice. The portions are quite large so if you are starving you might be able to eat an entire entree to yourself, but if you are more just "hungry" then go the sharing route. We shared that and the pitas+hummus and still took a leftovers box home. The lamb was so tender and seasoned perfectly, the rice was delicious and had just the right amount of saffron in it. I am almost forgetting to mention how nice the service is here! I am not sure if it was the owner that was our server or not but he was very helpful with suggestions on items to order. We didn't get dessert because we were so full, but he suggested that the desserts were quite tasty. So definitely on my next visit here I will have to try one of those, and I will try to refrain from eating all the pitas without sharing.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,2/18/2010,228,176,5,4,8>I love me some Babooshka.  I started going here to see sweet Gabriella after moving to Colorado.  She understands I'm a weirdo about my hair.  I'll come in and say 'CUT IT OFF!' and she will.  And then a few months later I'll come in for a trim and say 'Oh, you know I'm growing it out'.  Then back I come 'CUT IT OFF!'.  My hair grows fast I have this option. She always gives me a nice cold PBR when I arrive, and makes my hair look fabulous, which I love.  All of the girls in the salon are super cool and seem to have a great time working together, which makes the vibe of the whole place super cool.  I'll keep coming back, cutting it and growing it, and having Gabriella fixing my hairs to look lovely again :)
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2009,2/17/2010,210,385,3,9,4>What first drew me to Vital Yoga is their Donation philosophy. What with the economy being what it is, my finances aren't exactly riding high right now. "Extras" such as yoga must really be considered and negotiated before being worked into the budget. An average class price of $15+ in Denver, coupled with the need to really be able to practice yoga three or more times per week to feel/see any benefits, well... you get the picture. Not exactly cheap. Enter Vital Yoga. They have a drop-in Donation policy that says a donation is just that. You pay what you can. They suggest $15, but if you can't swing it they're just happy to receive what you can give. Fan-freakin'-tastic! After my first free week was up, I felt a little awkward at my first paid class, as I was only able to scrounge up a spare fiver. I was nervous I'd get that "whoa, cheapskate!" look you get sometimes when you partake of the free samples at the Farmer's Markets and then opt not to buy. You know the look I mean, right? Well let me assure everyone that I did NOT get such a look at Vital Yoga! True to their policy, they were happy with my measly $5 and welcomed me with open chakras. I've taken a few different classes since, and they've all been fabulous. More often than not, I'm taking the Vital Roots class, which is their signature thang. It's similar to Bikram (hot! hot! awesome!) but they don't call it that. I'd definitely recommend it for beginners, of which I am definitely one. Not so flexible yet, me. Most of my Vital Roots classes have been led by Micah, and she is beyond great. I'm kind of a down-to-earth type of person, and uber-flighty talk like "let your breath leave your body like a swarm of butterflies," doesn't really sit right with me. There's none of that nonsense at Vital Yoga! I totally appreciate Micah's realism as she offers up the day's Dharma and guides us through class with good-natured humor and honestly helpful suggestions to improve your poses. My kind of girl! I've taken one Vinyasa class (from which I am still sore... but in a good way), and totally look forward to trying more of those. I've also done the Mommy and Me Yoga, which I would definitely recommend for moms (or dads, or anyone with a little one) with babies of pre-walking age. My kiddo, at age 19 months, wasn't really down with sitting still for the singing and flying and the other fun stuff the baby-babies got to do. But the wee ones seemed to be digging it! For so many, many reasons, I give Vital Yoga a super-enthusiastic five stars. I'd give ten if I could!
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2009,2/15/2010,128,109,2,3,3>Yes the food portions are small.  D-Bar is a dessert place, the rest of the menu is designed to help you leave room for dessert.  It's a brilliant move.Having said that, we left STUFFED anyway and yes, we went in starving.  My boyfriend and I actually went for his birthday, as he is a dessert fiend.  For dinner we selected the Dressed Avocado and the Pizza Salad Sandwich.  Both were light, delicious and prepared wonderfully, everything they needed and nothing they didn't. Simple, perfect, clean food.  I had a half glass of Kung Fu girl Riesling which was ok but nothing special, I wanted to try something new though so that was all on me.Anyway, who really cares about our salads, they were good, let's move on to the real star of the night.  I usually skip dessert altogether.  I'm really not a huge fan of sweets and I watch what I eat, but it was a special occasion and seeing plate after plate of mouth watering creations pass us as we ate ... well... I just knew I had to have one.Kevin waffled between a few choices, who am I kidding, at different points during dinner I think he was convinced he was going to get nearly everything on the dessert menu.  He finally settled on the Cake and Shake after seeing a table full of kids across from us walk away leaving theirs untouched.  (more on that later)  I went with the ice cream sandwich after asking our waitress what the pastry chef preferred (apparently that would be the PBD, but the sandwich would be the second, at least according to the waitress)I am not going into descriptions here, as the menu is online and I could NOT do the plates justice.  Believe me when I say that this ice cream sandwich is nothing like you've ever had before.  It's pure delight.  I believe at one point I may have muttered "Something just happened in my mouth and I think I liked it" and then weakly shoved a forkful at my boyfriend.  He concurred and attempted to steal my plate.  I fended him off with my fork and we continued to slowly, ever ever so slowly enjoy our desserts.In short: Go here.Now, as for why we chose to order something that a tableful of people had left unfinished, we had already read such great things about the cake and shake (thanks yelpers!) that we were stunned to see three people leave it barely touched.  I think now that they had to have come by after eating a full meal somewhere else and just couldn't finish it.  That slice of cake was HUGE.  It very nearly defeated Kevin who, while scrappy, can take down pieces of cake the size of his head on a regular basis.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,2/14/2010,97,68,3,7,7>Went down S. Broadway last night adventure questing for a new purse because the leather straps recently wore down and snapped off my beloved 2 year old Jimmy surfer bag from years of shows, bars, and roadtrips.After looking in 2 previous stores and being referred to True Love by the 2nd store, I made it down around 6:57 (3 minutes to close!) and was waved into the boutique by a girl who was obviously getting ready to lock up. She invited me in with a friendly smile and let my picky butt stay until 15 minutes past closing hours trying on purses and falling in love with 3. That is a rarity since this is coming from a girl who will go through the entire inventory of big department stores and small boutiques and come out having been enamored with nothing. I narrowed it down to one gorgeous white leather handbag with brown lining and pockets galore inside for $42.The salesgirl was very personable, inviting me to stay as long as I like and to have a look around despite the fact that they were officially closed. We started talking about cities, a little about fashion, and she helped me decide which of the 3 purses would go good with my life and all that I need in it.They definitely have very swoon-worthy and unique selections of purses, various accessories, shoes, boots, and sunglasses. Though I only bought a purse this time, I swore to come back soon to try on some cute boots and maybe for that $14 black alligator ID/cigarette holder on the counter..Side Note: I showed my new True Love purse to my coworker this morning and she loved it.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,2/13/2010,164,209,8,8,9>I'm a neophyte knitter, and until Fancy Tiger I'd only darkened the doorways of Joann's and Michaels for my yarn and supplies. These large, industrial craft stores aren't exactly inspiring. Sure, if I want to puff paint a goose onto a sweatshirt, I'll get some great ideas at Joann's, but I don't exactly leave itching to create.  Fancy Tiger is sooo different. The colors! The yarns! The fabrics!  I sort of felt like a kid with ADD in this store, because I kept zig-zagging from one corner to another to check out every little thing they had.  I was so inspired that I finally decided I was going to knit a sweater for myself.  I had a pattern in mind, but of course I couldn't remember what I needed for it.  One of the owners of the store was so helpful. I gave her the name of the pattern (at least I remembered that much), and she looked it up for me and then guided me to the type of yarn that would best work for my project.  At those big places, I'd be lucky if an old lady snarled at me on her way to restock the bedazzlers (I have nothing against bedazzlers, mind you).I can't wait to return and browse all their wonderful craft books, and pick up a few yards of cool oil cloth to reupholster a kitchen chair.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,2/12/2010,125,54,,4,5>Basically, I don't believe I will ever be able to say enough about this place.  My first dining experience here as a week or so ago with a great bunch of people, some of which I met for the first time.We started out with Rum flights and this place has a selection of Rum for the aficionado for sure.  My favorite of the flight came from Barbados, but unfortunately, I can't think of the name.Next we were seated at the table and began looking over the menu.  We as a group quickly decided to allow the waiter and owner to make decisions on what they would bring us for appetizers and dinner.  You want to talk about food ecstasy, this place gave me something to talk about for sure.  I have tried this very thing at other establishments and unfortunately, they couldn't get comfortable with the idea that people are just open to being surprised..Throughout dinner, there were very nice wines passed around from a very extensive selection and paired beautifully with the foods.  Everything from the lula frita, camarao Brazil to the seafood copacabana, the food was "prima delicioso"... (I think this is appropriate)....  Everything was handled in a superb manner and I will definitely go back.  As a matter of fact, if anyone wants to go, just give me a jingle and I will tag along!!!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,2/11/2010,21,66,3,3,5>Halfway through our meal my husband leans in and asks, "can you curse when you review on Yelp, because there's nothing that I can say about this other than this food is (enter your own string of expletives you use when you want to say something tastes really, really good)!"We had a fantastic dinner here, starting out with the broccoli rabe pesto crostini and the grilled octupus. Both were delicious and looked good. Next we had arugula and mizuna salads, again, both were delicious again. By this time we didn't feel we both needed an entree so we shared an order of the mushroom gnocchi and the patatas bravas. Awesome! We also ordered a very good bottle of wine, and all of this was UNDER 100 bucks. In addition it was my husbands birthday and he was too full for dessert so the server brought him out a little glass of port with a candle. It was very cute and very thoughtful.The service was also very good, but really really come here for the food. We will be back. I was a little skeptical, I always am when a new place receives a lot of buzz, but in this case my skepticism was completely unfounded--as another reviewer said, never doubt something that comes from the owners of Duo!
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,2/10/2010,154,252,1,6,5>So you find yourself downtown, and you may wonder to yourself, "When was the last time I donated to charity?"  If your answer is "never," then Cafe Options is your kind of place to get something to eat and feel good about yourself while doing it.As you may find in research after coming upon these reviews on Yelp,  Cafe Options donates 100% of irs proceeds to WOW.  In short, WOW is a program that traisn impoverished/ homeless women in for four months so that they have the knowledge and skills to get a food service job.  It's getting these women off the streets and into the workplace.  Look up WOW for more information.It can be costly (average cost of half sandwich or salad- $5; average cost for whole- $8-9), but it's in keeping with the downtown lunch arenas.Gourmet choices for breakfast and lunch, tasty food and coffee, money goes towards a great cause, centrally located... what else do you need?
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,2/9/2010,27,43,8,7,6>I've finally found my downtown sandwich shop in the most unlikely of settings. My reaction to Cheba Hut opening up shop here was not too unlike that of the co-workers I've raved about their sandwiches to. "Oh, that's that dirty hippie Boulder place with the overkill marijuana puns. Yeah, tacky was my first thought. I started hearing the positive whisperings though and thankfully decided to try it out. Like many people, I can tell you how great their sandwiches are, but instead I'd like to focus on the depth of the menu. As someone who works downtown, it's difficult to not get burned out on the same thing after time. I've been to Cheba Hut a dozen times and have had something different each time. The veggie sandwiches have particularly stood out, especially the "Guammus." Their homemade hummus has some cheyenne pepper and jalapeno juice, giving it a tasty kick. And they have sprouts. I love sprouts.  Also a fan of the hot chicken sandwiches, especially with the hemp cream cheese (huh, huh, huh, huh). If you don't want the carbs, they also have soups and salads by the way. If fountain soda is not your thing, be prepared for two vats filled with Kool Aid. And yes, I drank the Kool Aid.Every time I go here the people behind the counter engage in some conversation and even ask how your sandwich is from afar. They've even bussed my table for me! That's helpful because while it's great that they're a green-minded business, I sometimes struggle with figuring out what goes in what with the different bins for different materials. They're going out of their way to make that people connection moreso than most downtown lunch destinations and it surprisingly doesn't feel too forced.   Three sizes of sandwiches by the way and quite affordable. If you're really cheap though, they have a daily special just like every other sandwich shop. If you're a big spender on the other hand, you may consider one of their desserts. I'm partial to the goo ball that is rice krispies rolled in honey, cocoa and peanut butter. There's cookies, brownies and a few more cereal bars...and tasty enough to make a stoner blush.I tried Cheba Hut more than once. And I did inhale.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2009,2/8/2010,260,513,4,14,4>For High Tea:This has become my newest, most favorite place for high tea. All my other high tea reviews were based on the Brown Palace; I was even dogged in a review because someone said I was a Queen. OK, when I am a Queen I will go to the Brown Palace but when I want to be MJ and have a relaxed, authentic tea, I will come to Wildflowers.Wildflowers is located in the Hilltop Inn at Rocky Mountain Airport; the views are breathtaking and the Inn is adorable (It is cute enough to make it a date night stay over). The owners are from Great Britain and offer you dishes from Britain and Ireland, dishes such as Bangars and Mash, London meat pies, bubble and squeak, and many more.My sisters, niece, and I were celebrating a birthday and we all went for High tea. High Tea at Wildflowers includes: tea, scones, soup or salad, quiche, hors d' oeuvres, sandwiches,  individual deserts (one was called Spotted Dick and made us giggle with our 15 year old niece), and a glass of champagne. We had a choice of tomato basil, split pea, or potato leek soups and we all got something different. The Tomato basil was delicious and the Split pea was great. Everything was wonderful and I would like to point out that you might be served these little cream puffs; put the whole thing in your mouth and let it explode cream all over your taste buds. Yes, it is orgasmic.The service was perfect, the owners are serving, cooking,  and chatting everyone up at the same time. You can see how much they love their business. As a side note, the lady and I both remembered each other from a chat session at the airport. I told her I remembered she was just opening Wildflowers and was so enthusiastic; I had forgotten until we sat down and I recognized her. At the end of the meal, my sister was handed a delicate tea pot ornament for her b-day present. We thought this gesture put Wildflowers over the top. For the value, the service, the food, the ambiance, and the overall experience Wildflowers gets 5 stars.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,2/7/2010,263,617,,6,4>Wikipedia says that "Shazz" is the shortened word for "soul house and jazz."  Makes sense: This place rocks in a jazzy kinda way, and the food's filled with soul. But I think the owners were actually referring to Shazz, the French 40-something singer, when they said on their website, "If you threw out all pre-conceived notions and societal pressures and became the person you always wanted to be, you would be Shazz.." What they're aiming for is the use of local, fresh ingredients, without the heavy sauces. In a word, purity. And that's what they deliver.Shazz is in the wakin' up part of Lakeside, on the eastside of Lowell just south of 44th.  Small and fit within the walls of a former convenience store, this place is like Root Down without the hype.Nice folks serve ya. The decor is minimalist bistro with wooden tabletops.  The menu emphasizes the local, and the dishes are creative nouvelle American.There were 4 of us. We had starters of fried Halloumi cheese (3.5 stars) and lamb and pumpkin gnocchi with broccoli rabe and asiago cheese (5 stars). The single leafy-type salad on the menu was spectacular: baby arugula with grapefruit, feta cheese, red onion, red wine vinaigrette. The lamb entree with pomegranate bordelaise sauce was 6 stars, or maybe 10--just one of the finest tasting lamb dishes in the galaxy. And speaking of which, the grilled pork loin was butt kickin' too, as was the house-made orecchiette.  My wife was eating light and had the butternut squash soup with seared scallop as her main course, and loved it.Desserts followed the same formula: pure, fresh ingredients where the food itself shines through. Nothing with lots of whipped cream or sauces hiding the essence of what you were eating.  The mascarpone with grilled apples and the roasted pumpkin toffee pudding were unbelieveably delicious.So here's the bottom line: This place is close to being a 5 star restaurant.  The more I think about how they've crafted their recipes to focus in on the wholesome goodness of one or two key ingredients, the more impressed I am with this place.  It's like it's not just another restaurant trying to make it in the difficult food service world. This place has a purpose. It's purpose it to show its guests how friggin delicious fresh local food can be when simply, but thoughtfully prepared.  These people care about the food they serve. They love it and want you to love it too. . . . And you will.  So check em out. This place was lightly used on a Sunday evening. They deserve more business, and you deserve to try out their excellent food.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,2/6/2010,389,548,2,5,6>Steubens is groovy because it's tasty, laid back, and it pleases everyone...adventurous/non-adventurous alike.I love the ambience.  They're not trying too hard, but the space is still hip.  The cocktail list is looooong, inventive and includes a lot of classic cocktails and throwback drinks.  My favorite spot to eat is at the tables right on the cusp of the open garage door and inside, when it's nice outside.I go to Steubens relatively often, mostly for brunch or after 10pm.  After 10 on weeknights, they run a deal where you can get a cheeseburger, fries, and a PBR. for $5.  Are you kidding me??  Now I'm not a burger eater, but it pains my dining companions less when I eat their fries if they were practically free.During brunch time, I usually opt for a benedict.  Their hollendaise is perfect.  It has a very clean taste...it's not over-seasoned and you can actually take taste the butter.  I also like their breakfast chili rellano.  It's large and not overly cheesy or greasy.  I would dig it if their breakfast drinks were a bit cheaper.  I really only get one bloody mary or one mimosa.  Their specialty cocktails are a little on the high side as well.  Here's a tip: go during $5 cheeseburger time with a friend that likes cheeseburgers but is not a big drinker and steal their PBR.  Done.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,2/5/2010,114,440,,4,5>Awesome from the wine and calamari appetizer down to the cheesecake.  Throughout our family dinner we poured glass after glass of a red Italian import.  The calamari was crisp yet light, and the cheesy bread cheesy and gooey.  The minestrone soup and the salad are very understated, but they are starters to your entree.  A few of us ordered the fettuccine with clams and mussels in the red sauce (also available in a white sauce).  The mussels and clams were perfectly paired and the sauce was flavorful without being too bold nor sweet.  Others raved about the chicken parmigiana and homemade cannolis.  I didn't quite care for the tiramisu, reminds me of a thick cookie that was left in a cup of coffee overnight (yet this is was tiramisu is, I was hoping for hidden chocolate).  Not a fan of cheesecake, I was offered a bite.  I left the table with dessert envy.  Smooth, creamy, sweet......*droool*I'm crossing my fingers that we'll be back here next year for the annual papa dinner.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,2/4/2010,55,152,9,8,5>Take this to heart. For what it is (A dimly lit bar with awesomely bad music and a following of late-night transsexuals) Barracuda's is a 4 star venue, which is really saying something. I suppose when some really great restaurants are only rated 4 stars, why does Barracuda's garner the same?*Fried artichoke hearts (unique, fattening, tasty)*Music that reminds you of driving around in your mom's car, you hate it, but know all the words.*Quality bar food. Remember, bar food is rarely outstanding.*Late night hours. Why is no eatery open past 10pm in Denver?!*Friendly service*Cheap food, big portionsAll in all, Barracuda's has kept me curvy with beef dips, snagged bits of my boyfriends prime rib sandwich,  or fried anything; and kept me happy meanwhile.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2009,2/3/2010,68,174,3,2,8>I have decided this will be the place that I stop any time I am anywhere near Broadway.  I tried a bunch of samples and they were all really good, but I ended up settling on ET and After Dinner Mint.  You know when you're having a really hard time picking flavors and there's a huge line behind you and you feel like you're the bane of lines and everyone is hoping you'll suddenly disappear in a puff of smoke?  If not, it's a very anxious experience, and thus I plucked two flavors off the board and was extremely pleased.  Mind you, these flavors were no where near complimentary but they were oh so orgasmic!!  I'm going to go again soon, maybe today.  And this time I'm getting the waffle cone.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,2/2/2010,174,419,,3,6>This was where I picked for a surprise birthday dinn for The Dude.  I figured it's casual, it's reasonably priced, they have daily drink and food specials, and their menu has something for probably most everyone.  He was surprised, and dinner was a hit.We went on a Sunday night, a night when Cheese Lasagna is on special.  It comes with a side salad and delicious toasty garlic bread.  The lasagna itself is half the size of a sheet of notebook paper, so for about $10, it's well worth it.  I had enough leftover for another meal; not to mention it was pretty darn tasty.Also, they were super cool about me bringing in a cake for the birthday.  They provided small plates and a big knife without us even having to ask.  Our server did a great job in making sure everything came out right and that we all got to have our cake and eat it too.  They also gave a little birthday present of their own, which was really good.  So good, I don't want to give details... you'll just have to celebrate at Sloan's on your birthday to find out.I think this place, like most places, is about knowing what to order.  I've never had bad service (which could happen anywhere), and other people I know who've eaten here have since been pleased with the product and service.What bumped them up from 4 to 5 stars was how relaxed they were about the birthday happenings.  Grant, it was a Sunday night so it's not like we crashed a packed house on a Friday or Saturday.  But still, I get the drift even if it had been a busier night, things would have still run smoothly and those I was with would have still been satisfied overall.  Sloan's Bar & Grille is still definitely in the top spots for me.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,2/1/2010,66,96,1,7,9>One of the best ways to be a tourist in Denver!You know when you live in a city long enough, you stop doing the things that other people that visit do?  Well I have not been a "tourist" in Denver in a long time.  Then I joined a group on meetup.com and one of the activities was a walking tour of Denver through Denver Inside and Out.Taken from their website:"Denver Inside and Out is a walking tour/scavenger hunt based on the 1922 robbery of the Denver Mint. Participants unwittingly become accessories in Denver's most famous crime mystery. This urban adventure kicks off in Denver's LoDo district and visits many of Denver's most noted landmarks"Part street theater, part interactive scavenger hunt, part city walking tour, and part Denver history education, this tour was one of the best weekend morning experiences I have had in a long time.  I would recommend  this in a heartbeat to families, people looking for things to do with their out of town friends, people going on first dates, and anyone just looking to get out in the city and learn more about the great places we have here.  We started at Union Station and a series of clues took us all the way to the mint, the capitol and then back to 16th street where it ended.  While finding clues we also learned about all the landmarks we visited as well.  (Did you know that the Denver mint produced 187 million coins in the early 1900s?)Just under two hours long, the tour revolves around the mint robbery in the 1920s, and the story is fascinating!  If you're looking for a way to see the city and to learn a bit more about its history, this is the thing for you!    A true gem, and I cannot wait to see what they come up with next!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,1/31/2010,120,135,,4,9>Oh Snarf's, time after time you never let me down with your scrumptious food and cool employees.I love real sandwiches and after finding this place, I'm happy. It's uber convenient that they have their own parking lot, but it's even more convenient that if you live close enough, they deliver!! This place is fantastic, filled with a fun atmosphere and a super tasty menu. My favorite is the Italian, the bread which can make or break any sandwich is perfectly toasted without being over crunchy and crumbly and it's completely devoured before it has a chance to get soggy! Try the organic green tea or even better mix it with the tropical mango green tea. Snarf's has a huge garage door that they open so there's always fresh air. If that's not good enough for you, drink your tea on the patio and read one of the many fliers, magazines, or papers (Westword, The Onion) while you wait for your fabulous fresh to order meal. If for some crazy reason you're still hungry after you consume your sandwich or salad (maybe you were just smart and saved room) then you can get down on their milkshakes or ice cream! It's perfectly refreshing especially during these crazy hot Summer months! Thank you Snarf's for opening in Denver and I can't wait for you to expand again in Cherry Creek!
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,1/30/2010,315,429,2,5,7>I love being introduced to Denver favorites by native Denverites, otherwise, I'd never have stopped at the Breakfast King.  Don't let the old school facade and decor scare you off; this place is great!We stopped in yesterday morning for Saturday morning breakfast and were hard pressed to find a parking spot because the King was PACKED!  Nevertheless, we were seated relatively quickly and served up coffee ASAP, which never ran out throughout the meal because the servers are on top of things.The food was decent, nothing to jump out of your orange booth for, but a nice breakfast indeed.  Everything was fresh and tasty.Huge menu, so you'll find something that will whet your early morning (or middle of the night) appetite.The Breakfast King is a great local place, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,1/29/2010,342,357,,6,9>I love going to the 9th Door...one foot inside and my whole world automatically changes.  I am transported to a life and place that is not my own.  One filled with excitement...exotic, sexy, and fabulously chic.  You can imagine what this does to a girl's mood!  Hence the reason why I chose this spot for my friend's birthday dinner with the girls.I love the atmosphere and lighting, even though it can be a bit dark sometimes.  But that only adds to the already sexy aura exuding from this place...from the food to the drinks to the servers.Happy hour is definitely the way to go, with amazing specials on both food and drinks.  And as previously mentioned, the fried goat cheese balls are orgasmic.  One minor negative thing, is that they are not available on their regular dinner menu.  Even if you ask, you can only order them during happy hour....which was a MAJOR let down for me on Saturday.  Nonetheless, the food we ordered was pretty amazing, and not too expensive overall.  I ordered the "Chuletitas de Cordero"- Grilled rack of lamb with creamy polenta and mojo verde.  Absolutely delicious! Perfectly cooked, both the lamb and polenta, and the mojo verde was flavorful but not overpowering.  Anytime I can get lamb, spending only $10, I am so in!  I was a little disappointed with the ribs; they had small pieces of bone throughout them.  I had to be very careful when eating, to avoid a chipped tooth.  On a positive note, they were very tasty and tender.  Our night ended with a free dessert...birthday girls' choice.  They did bring it out with a candle, but refrained from any cheesy song and dance.  Thank goodness.  It was a great place to have my friend's birthday dinner: fabulous atmosphere, good food, not too pricey, yummy Sangria, good service.  I absolutely will be back...but will probably only go during Happy Hour from now on...it's all about the goat cheese balls, baby.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,1/28/2010,204,249,3,7,4>I live in the area and have driven past this place a few times.  All I have to say is, WHY THE HECK HAVE I NEVER STOPPED IN HERE BEFORE?  It was fresh, tasty and the price was right.I had a margarita which was well mixed and tasted really good.  The salsa we munched on while waiting for our food (one of my favorite parts about dining at a Mexican restaurant) was tasty!  It actually had a kick to it!  I was impressed that they didn't dull it down as most places tend to do.For dinner, I had the tacos el carbon and my boyfriend had a shredded beef burrito.  My tacos came with a deep fried jalapeno... bonus!  That's something I usually have to special order when I go to a place like this!  If you haven't tried it, deep fried jalapenos (fried until the skin has brown spots and blisters) with a dash of salt and some lime juice are AWESOME!  ...Anyway, the jalapeno was so spicy that it hurt (in a good way) but I couldn't eat it all.  It was one of those moments when I felt like looking into the camera and telling everyone in TV land that I am not smarter than a 5th grader.  I love spicy food, but I had to admit defeat on this one.  I gave the rest to my boyfriend who happily mixed it in with his burrito.The tacos were delicious!  The beef was juicy and well cooked and all of the accompanying ingredients were fresh.  The food was so hot (as in oven hot) when it was brought to me, it was as if it came right off the grill and rushed to my table.  The pico was also somewhat spicy and it was fantastic addition to the tacos.  Between the pico and the jalapeno of death, I was high on endorphins from the spicy food.  These freakin' tacos were also so messy that I demolished 3 napkins and still had to wash my hands when I got home.  It was AWESOME!On the down side, my boyfriend's burrito was completely meh... the green chili totally lacked in flavor, it wasn't spicy at all and the shredded beef (at least the bite I had) was dry.  It was sad that there was such a difference in both dishes.The service was great!  My water glass was NEVER empty which is a HUGE deal to me, especially when spicy food is involved.  The waitresses kept coming around with water and iced tea pitchers to be sure everyone in the restaurant was getting refills.  A+ on the refills!Overall, I was debating between 4 and 5 starts because of the poor quality of my boyfriend's burrito vs the awesome quality of my tacos.  Inconsistency is never good.  So, I'm giving it a strong 4 stars!  I really like this place and it's near my house so I'm sure we'll be back.  I'll post a follow up review once we give Taqueria Jalisco another whirl.Side note, they do not have a full bar, but it looked like a good selection of tequilas, a bottle of Bacardi and they had beer.  So I couldn't pick an option for full bar or beer & wine only per the Yelp survey questions.  So, now you know.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,1/27/2010,160,455,2,10,4>Day 2 of getting bludgeoned by the mutant cold/allergy thing I have contracted, I was going to hit up Pho Duy and experience what it was like there.  I got there at 12:30 and the place was swarming with people.  I skeptically looked around and thought "meh, I'll come back later."  And ended up next door, at Pacific Ocean Marketplace -- *finally*.3 things stand out about this place to me, over the various other ethnic, and particularly the larger, markets I've been to:1) It's uniformly well-lit.  Not all places I have gone to have been.2) You do NOT smell the slaughterhouse or dank rancid seafood smell that you may have smelled in some places before (bends over and coughs into hand *Ko-Mart!*...) despite the fact everything is on display up front.  Good ventilation must be the key...if so, it's *EVERYTHING* here.3) Everything is pretty well organized for the most part, and not haphazardly stocked in north/south and then east/west aisles (again, Ko-Mart).The veggie and herb choices are numerous and very fresh here. I ended up getting some enoki mushrooms and baby bok choy, it looked *really* good.  This is a cheap place to get Asian-style veggies - their snow peas were $2.75/lb I believe.  Pre-packaged udon (tons o varieties), tofu, *live crabs* you can fish out of a cardboard box *yourself* with tongs, different flavors of mochi ice cream treats, 14 different flavors of Ramune, lumpia, sake serving sets, sushi preparation mats and dishes -- it's all here.  You'll find things for Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Philippine and Indian cuisine here. The cute little "lucky" cats with a paw up in the air you see at some drinking places.  Bamboo plants of varying sizes.  Rice warmers, of course.  I grabbed about 9 things when I only was really seeking 1... including some scrumptious looking shrimp rolls for the future. Nummers!  SO MUCH STUFF HERE.  Definitely worth exploring.And if you want the "oddball" stuff, they've got that here too -- pigs feet, chicken feet, electric eel...I'm kidding about that last part.  But it wouldn't surprise me. :)The cashier spoke English and the screens are *very* easy to read, so you can rest assured everything is being scanned properly, including the veggies.  The one sad facet about my visit is that no one who works in the deli area seems to speak English.  There was something that looked like a cross between egg drop soup and stretched out pieces of fresh mozzarella in liquid -- could she tell me what it was? No.  Another woman told me another thing I pointed at was pork and shrimp.  It didn't look like both...but I asked her if it had already been cooked, or was pre-prepared so we *could* cook it.  Couldn't get communication across. Sad.I walked out, 90 mins later, decided 2pm was too late for me to deal with eating pho, and took off -- but was glad I had the experience at PacOcean.  It's like the Whole Foods of ethnic markets -- without the price or the frou frou attitude.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,1/25/2010,92,394,2,7,9>I grew up in Denver, actually I'm a third-generation native - I'm not bragging as I find it kind of sad that no one in my family every went anywhere else! Be that as it may, I have seen Denver (and the surrounding metro area) go from a small cow-town, to a larger more culturally diverse cow-town. When I was young, we didn't eat "Asian" food, we had Chinese food, either out of a multi-part Chung King can from the grocery store (I thought it was heaven on a plate) or from an "authentic" Chinese restaurant, which was either located in a bowling alley or in a building which formerly housed a House of Pancakes. There used to be a place in West Denver (where I grew up) called Sherry's that served the best sweet-an-sour chicken I'd ever eaten. But, I was probably eight at the time...At that time you could either buy your groceries at Safeway or at neighborhood store. I'm pretty sure that the only specialty markets were located in the Italian neighborhoods, which at that time were in North Denver. Then came King Soopers and Albertson's. My mom would occasionally feel compelled to serve fish for dinner. The fish choices from the grocery store consisted of halibut, frozen solid pre-packaged, or salmon from a can. Needless to say, these were not popular meals at our house. Shrimp was only consumed at a "fancy" restaurant before the steak or roast beef. Shrimp cocktail was always served over lettuce in a fancy glass sherbet type bowl on top of ice with a glob of ketchup on top. For years I thought that this was the only way that shrimp was allowed to be served. It was a treat and it was expensive.But now, many years later, Denver is more diverse (thank god) and we not only have traditional grocery stores, with excellent meat and fish departments but we have Whole Foods, Sunflower and the like. Happily we have entire areas of the city where ethnic populations have opened markets and shops with traditional foods and delicacies. There are Hispanic markets, Italian markets and Asian markets which all have great appeal to the masses. As Asian markets go I must say the H Mart really knocked my socks off. My husband had visited there several months ago and raved about it. So, on a Sunday he, our daughter and I took a road trip (yes anything beyond a two-mile radius from our home is considered a road trip) to H Mart.H Mart is huge, yet small as it's like lots of little markets in one big location. The first thing you see is a section with dozens of types and sizes of rice cookers - from just a few cups to the "rice for a small army" size. We bought our first rice-cooker in Hawaii, twenty-five years ago because you couldn't find rice cookers in Denver.The produce section is abundant with everything from tomatoes to about six different types of bok choy (who knew?) to some pretty weird looking fruit called durian, which I understand is an "acquired taste."What really blew me away was the fish section. Large containers filled with shrimp (heads-on, heads-off etc.) at incredibly reasonable prices. A large display of whole fish - you pick your fish and tell them how you want it. They scale it, bone it, slice it, fillet it...whatever you want. Amazing.Beyond the faboo fish section is the frozen food area. This is where our daughter exclaimed "I bet they have pork rolls!!" Indeed, many kinds and sizes of pork, veggie, fish rolls along with just about anything else you could every want. Who knew that my daughter (a foodie, in her own right) would be so taken by the thought of pork rolls - I now know what to buy her for her birthday.Rice (in large sacks), noodles, spices, sauces, it's all here.As I looked around, past all of the food and dry goods what I noticed was that Denver has become such a wonderful melting pot and it made me feel good. People of all ethnicities were shopping here. The people who work there are friendly and helpful. So metro Denver has come a long way. I'm glad that I stuck around  to experience it.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,1/24/2010,237,363,11,13,12>I hate hot dogs. They are a lower echelon of food in my opinion. I can not bring myself to call Biker Jim's fare "hot dogs." It's too painful, and it feels insulting to these yummy meaty friends of mine. For less than $5 you can be so full, a nap is an absolute requirement. The Jalapeno Cheddar Elk ones are really pretty spicy though, so make sure you get a beverage!It does feel a little weird to eat reindeer or elk, especially for someone who was vegetarian for awhile. But they don't taste weird. The spices that they must add are what you actually taste. They are of such high quality that I don't care what animal I am eating, it just tastes damn good. The toppings are phenomenal too! Yummy Yummy cream cheese and onions cooked until perfect. I usually HATE cooked onions too, but something about the combo here knocks my socks off! They have other more traditional toppings including diced jalapenos!Even with all these fabulous things going for them, what I love the most is talking to Biker Jim himself. He always has some hilarious quip, story or anecdote to share that makes me smile. Since coming to the South Pearl Street Farmer's Market, I've made quite a nuisance of myself... and I love every minute of it. But don't tell anyone I ate a "hot dog." Ewwww.....
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2009,1/23/2010,25,66,5,3,6>Bowling is one of those "sports" where you feel at home drinking beer and eating chicken tenders while "sporting."  This may come off as a snide put-down on bowling but it's not.  Bowling is awesome.  Those of us that are "twice a year" bowlers can go from hitting two strikes in a row to complete gutterballs on the next two frames.  And you know what?  We don't care.  It's not a big deal to suck at bowling.  In fact, you do get looked at kind of funny if you're doing too well.  And if you have your own gear?  Forget about it.  You might as well be from another planet as far as us mere mortals who use the public shoes are concerned.Elitch caters to us spontaneous bowlers.  It's good fun and an inexpensive way to spend your evening.  It's even better if you've got a huge group and you make fun of each other after every throw.  Elitch Lanes doesn't care if you're boisterous and loud because everyone else is. Plus with the computerized scorecards, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out who won and how strikes/spares carry over.  I said this out loud one day and SV mentioned that she learned how to score bowling in gym class.  My response was deafening silence.  I concluded that this is something that they taught in the Midwest (SV is from St. Louis), but I could be wrong.  You can try those other fancier bowling lanes like Lucky Strike; LS has its place on a evening of ribaldry, but most don't bowl for the ambiance.  Bowling is supposed to be raw, a little dingy and cheap.  Elitch Lanes is all of those.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,1/22/2010,17,59,4,7,6>Let me start by saying I HATE COFFEE, seriously, cannot stand the stuff. The boyfriend on the other hand would (if he could) survive on coffee and Slim Jims alone. So he begged me to come here to try out their coffee/expresso, which I reluctantly agreed. Long story short, he convinces me to take a sip of his expresso...and that my friends is when I fell in love. The taste, the smell, hell even the sight of it makes my heart go aflutter. Pair that with some darn tasty Cuban sandwiches, and well, you have a full blown love affair. Although the building and the menu may be small, that does not take away from the quality of the food and beverages. Simple, yet delicious, just the way every restaurant should be.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,1/21/2010,16,68,,5,5>Folks!You have to try their crepes! They are tasty. I have had crepes on a few occasions in France in the Paris area before and let me tell you - they come darn close. Darn close because Crepes 'n' Crepes is not located in France.The different kinds you can order will satiate just about every person's needs or wants.Sweet or savory - you will find something your heart desires - you just gotta' love it.Service is really good.Downfall is parking and seating which is quite tight - very Paris, though.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,1/20/2010,95,287,,4,5>I have found a new love.Yes, the decor is better than any other restaurant I've seen.Yes, the food is not only creative but also delicious.Yes, the staff is super welcoming, knowledgable and cute.GF and I went here the morning after my B'day last weekend. Needless to say we got a late start. We arrived at noon for brunch. Not knowing exactly what to expect I was pleasantly surprised to find that this was the BEST possible place I could recover from the long day before.We began with a nice hot tea. It was very comforting sitting there surrounded by aspen trees sipping tea. We had frog eyes (daily special donut holes) as an appetizer, which went great with the tea.For the main courses we went with a suggestion from our super cute waitress and ordered the lamb burger. It was perfect. We also ordered the special of the day which was Kentucky Red (basically an open faced sandwich with turkey, bacon, gravy and an egg). It was terrific!I will be back for brunch and would also like to check out dinner. Im dying to try the Turtle Soup.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,1/19/2010,126,449,4,21,6>Pros: - You can watch your dog play online via their webcams!- First day of day-care is free.- They have a wide variety of treats for the dogs to enjoy during "naptime".- Conveniently located near Colfax & Garrison- They have small pools in the play area so dogs can cool off!- Inside and outside portions of the play area.- There is a larger pool for water-play, at an additional cost.  - They're open 7AM-7PM EVERYDAY.Cons:  - I can't think of any.Seriously, I own a miniature pinscher who never seems to get tired.  I dropped her off at HobNob while I went to work.  My co-workers and I had fun watching her play with the other dogs via their webcams.  I picked her up, and because it was our first time there they didn't charge us, and they gave us a little stuffed squeaky toy as a souvenir.  I also got a report card telling me how well she listened to commands and how well she played with the other dogs.  On the ride home, she curled up in the back seat (she is NEVER still while riding in the car) and once we got home, she hopped up on the couch and fell asleep.  Almost immediately.  HobNob, I can't tell you how appreciative I am that you tired her out!  Finally, I get some rest!  HobNob's boarding is also top-notch.  I've boarded my pup there now for an extended stay on multiple occasions, and each time she comes back to me she is just the same as when I left her - perhaps a bit tired, but still well-fed and well-rested.  I've had bad experiences at other places where she came back to me after being run ragged!  I appreciate what good care they take at HobNob, the fact that the owners bring their own dogs in for some fun shows that they care a lot about the place, and the dogs they house there.  **Also beware, they have a VERY low tolerance for tardiness.  They're closed at 7PM.  On the upside, they'll feed and board your dog for the night if you can't make it.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,1/18/2010,614,1007,13,10,12>Another "In My Hood" Review.This was my introduction into Bikram yoga. The staff was polite and friendly, offering suggestions of what to do if/when I become nauseous. When I become nauseous? Scared me a little...but not enough. I proceeded inside, where it was about 100 degrees.It took me about 3 minutes to determine that this room was way too hot for me. Oohh and I was glad I hadn't just gotten my hair done, 'cause I would have run (not walked) right up outta there. About 5 minutes into my experience, I thought, "am I actually going to be able to work out in this heat?" I have a glow about my skin already, and I had just sat down. Hmmm.Then entered the yoga instructor. Calm, soothing voice coming from this petite little thing. I thought, "I can do this, she won't hurt me."10 minutes in:It's frickin' hot.I can barely lift my arms (I was on a pushup/tricep mission earlier this week). And, it's frickin' hot - did I mention that?I think, "Good thing I'm by the door, because I may have to leave early", when the instructor softly mentions, "you have given yourself 90 minutes of time to yourself - embrace it."90 MINUTES - I thought this was an hour class, and I was thinking of bolting after 30 minutes. I'm in trouble.Then my legs start shaking. This is challenging. At this point, I'm dripping sweat like I live in the Amazon and just ran a full sprint while being chased by a warthog.Damn, it's hot.But, I continue on, 'cause I'm competitive like that. No one else is bailing, I'm not bailing. I can do this.20 minutes in:I'm sure I will pass out and die soon. My mind cannot focus on this breathing. I hear other people doing it, but I can't stop panting...'cause I'm hot. This is when she mentions it's only 103 degrees in the room, and usually her NY class is at 108. Awww, now she's talking shit. We can hang with NY. I'm staying.Then we were allowed a drink of water. Camel kicks in.Somehow, now, I don't feel like I will die anymore. Then a half hour passes, then an hour, then 75 minutes has passed and I realize I am having an experience.I can breathe. I don't notice the heat so much. I hear her voice but the sound of my breathing has taken over. Then I start to feel energized and powerful. Mind you, I can barely lift my arms at this point and I'm soaking wet, but my mind has opened and I feel empowered and grateful. 90 minutes later... I got it, and I was happy and felt good. I recommend this class to anyone and I'm super glad I had the experience at Corepower - the location is great. The staff is amazing - the teachers are powerful. It isn't just a workout...it's an experience.Oh, and your 1st week is free, and your 1st mat rental is free.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,1/17/2010,34,75,,4,4>This is my absolute favorite place to order pizza from. I am sad to admit that I have never actually sat in the restaurant itself....however, if the pizza were to speak for the pizza joint, I have the feeling I would love it.Being a transplant from the East Coast, this pizza is like a little slice of home for me. The crust is wonderfully thin and crispy and the red sauce has a subtle hint of sweetness, showing that they know their stuff about tomatoes (add a touch of sugar to offset the acidity).I must admit, I am completely partial to the white pizzas (garlic, olive oil instead of sauce) and my absolute loves are the Spinaci and the Pomodoro. The guys who answer the phone are friendly and basically know our order when we call at this point--Gotta love it!If you want a high quality slice--go to Enzo's. They don't hide their sins under piles of cheese nor stuff you with a bready crust.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,1/16/2010,87,291,,10,6>I really love gyros and I really love pizza - and I am so impressed with Denver Pizza Company for having the genius idea to combine the two in their "Hero" pie. AND -  am so impressed that the end result is so delicious.Instead of red sauce, they use tzatziki - which magically blends into the cheese - so awesome (and also somehow creates a cheese bread with the crust), there is lamb gyro meat - the real deal, tomato and kalamata olives. It is totally kick ass. The seasoning was also phenom. Perfect balance of all ingredients.And as a stand alone - the crust is amazing.Needless to say, this pizza lasted no time in my house (two rounds, less than 30 minutes) and I have no need to try a more standard pizza variety at this point bc I know I'm going to keep going back to the Hero  - as it really is my dream food combination. I'm very lucky to be in the neighborhood.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,1/15/2010,702,888,8,8,7>Since giving in to my husband's oft-repeated wishes for a kegerator last spring when he finished our basement, my liquor store needs have changed a bit. I already get my vodka in the largest bottles possible from the place next to Costco in Arvada and my wine by the case from World Market in Cherry Creek. With beer, I was all over the place because I like all kinds of beer, so I never had a store I was loyal to. But when we started looking for kegs of all varieties, Argonaut quickly became our only store. They will special order practically anything you want and it will arrive in just a few days. We started with Odell 90 Schilling, moved on to Dale's Pale Ale and are now enjoying my personal and hometown favorite, Redhook ESB. That's almost gone and Argonaut assures me my Redhook Winterhook is on its way. When spring comes, I plan on moving to Breckenridge Avalanche Ale. We may get crazy in the summer and switch out the tap to a euro style in order to enjoy some Guinness. The prices are very competitive if not the cheapest in town. I've been to all those breweries and the kegs are more expensive there. I don't know how Argonaut does it and I don't care! Most importantly, the staff are so friendly and helpful on the phone and in person. My kegerator told me she's going to get "argonaut" tattooed on her backside.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2009,1/14/2010,108,232,9,8,6>I'm not supposed to go into Twist and Shout any more.  My sponsor says it isn't good for my addiction to be around all of that deliciously intoxicating used vinyl. Because if do spend time in Twist and Shout, inevitably I wake up the next day, in a haze, curled up in a ball on the floor next to my record player, with a fresh, scattered pile of 80s new wave, 60s soul and 70s punk surrounding me.  Damn you, Twist and Shout! Damn you for feeding my record addiction so easily!One day, I will have the will-power to enjoy my visit to your wonderful store.  I'll spend some time it your kitsch and kooky toy and gift area. I'll get CDs for loved ones that still use those things.  I'll not bankrupt myself on your beautiful, sexy, awe-inspiring vinyl selection.Ugh.  I'm having the shakes.  I love records, and thus I love Twist and Shout. These two statements are synonymous. Vinylholics Synonymous.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,1/13/2010,267,467,3,7,4>Used to be a regular at Strings but with so many choices these days, it had kind of fallen out of rotation.  Got lured back in last night with an invitation to a Mexican wine tasting.  I know.  Mexican wine??  But, really they've worked on the quality of their wines in the last few years.  Some very nice boutique wines at good prices coming out of the Baja especially compared to California's better vineyards which now out price many of the French and Italians.Chef Barto provided a nice roster of appetizers that probably would have  paired well with the wines.  Unfortunately, the event planners didn't want the wait staff circulating while the formal wine presentation was being conducted.  Result - we'd finished the wines and then they flashed the food all at once.  Weird, and a bad decision.Anyway, it certainly wasn't dinner, so we adjourned to the bar for  some cocktails and a light dinner of a very good carpaccio and a not so good cioppino  The cioppino was pretty skimpy on the seafood and sauce and long on the angel hair.  Frankly, I've had better Lean Cuisines.  The carpaccio (a long time favorite here) was perfect, however, and I could make a meal off their bread sticks.  One word of warning regarding the prices here, this is not $$, it is definitely $$$ headed to $$$$ if you get into the wine.The cocktails apparently were fabulous because I feel like crap this morning.  For my drinking dollar there isn't a more delightful bartender than Chris.  She's so friendly, entertaining and totally competent.  I really want to sample her entire martini roster.  Oh, that's right - I did.  Noel stopped by to chat, as did Chef Barto.  On a cold rainy October night it was a warm, welcoming haven and we'll be back soon, as soon as I recover, that is..
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,1/12/2010,25,154,,8,6>I've made a concerted effort (or is it conceited effort?) over the last few years to become a tea snob.  This place is a huge resource on the journey.They have a number of excellent teas among the multitudes of loose ones.  Lots to explore, a knowledgeable staff and a real passion for tea that you can appreciate and learn from.I occasionally go for a meal, but it's really just an excuse to have tea and some scones with jam and clotted cream.  The food itself is fine - it always looks a bit small to my big eyes - but it is tasty and after having it and the scones, the sum is better than the individual parts.The list of teas I've tried and liked is long, but just a couple to mention:Green Monkey - stands up to the taste test for my wife against basically everything else.  She drinks it every morning.Jade - close to an oolong I love that I bought in Taiwan.Tranquility - one day I walked in and asked if they had any spearmint, because I like it in tea much better than peppermint, particularly with chamomile for late nite (no caffeine). They recommended Tranquility; I countered that I wanted spearmint specifically. Well, they say with a smirk, they recently reformulated, and switched the mints. Perfect!Kanchanjangha - nice black, full of flavor.Also liked some of their Jasmine, Chai and Chocolate (yes chocolate) we tried at a tasting.I grew up in Cleveland, and wonder, living in Denver, why people choose to live in Cleveland (other than the chances to get your sports-fan heart broken).  If you grew up drinking coffee, you might just be missing the whole better thing.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,1/11/2010,9,86,2,4,4>Top quality sushi and top quality service. We were treated like we were important to sushi den and our appetites were treated the same. We walked in easily without a reservation 5:30 pm Sunday. when we left at 7:00 it was packed. Our server took an interest in our dining experience and guided us through some of his favorites upon our request. The Blue fin tuna melted like butter in our mouths. The specialty rolls were exactly that. The Kobe beef roll was awesome as was one of their tempura special rolls. The pear creme brulee was awesome and the banana tempura was really cool. As a long time San Francisco Sushi fan, I found out for myself that this place makes the grade. If there was any doubt about the caliber of service matched the food it was dismissed when the manager introduced himself and check to make sure we had had a great experience. We did and we will back. We will bring our appetites and make sure to come early or make a reservation.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,1/9/2010,37,80,7,6,7>I grew up in the south. I will admit, I am a bit of a food snob when it comes to good old home country cookin. I also grew up on the 'wrong side of the tracks' in Florida so frequenting a 'soul food' restaurant wasn't something new to me. I had expectations. High ones for that matter. Walking into the Welton Street Cafe reminded me of my favorite place for catfish in Orlando that I would take my grandma to when I would visit. Firstly, I didn't feel out of place or uncomfortable. Maybe that was my upbringing but I didn't get the feeling that it was 'weird' for a white boy to be walking in. I ordered what I always order - fried catfish dinner. Side of greens. Cornbread. And I always struggle with the second side order but this time I went with the mustard based potato salad. Every side dish in the place is homemade with the exception of the fries and onion rings. T and M ordered the chicken dinner about 10 minutes before I arrived. Yet, our food all came out at once. And their chicken was still hot and savory. I was pretty impressed with that. My catfish was lightly breaded and fried up crispy, not overcooked, not burned and not soggy. To top it off, there was a big bottle of hot sauce ready to go. I was pleasantly surprised that the greens weren't overcooked and not loaded up with salt. They had a wonderful consistency that I'd never had with greens at similar restaurants. The potato salad was good. Not anything to write home about and I'd probably get another side next time. Now, the cornbread is a different story. The BEST I've ever had! A bit crumbly, yet moist and bursting with flavor. I did go out on a limb and ask for something I was hoping to hear a yes to........'do you have sweet tea?' No. Oh the humanity!!!! How can I eat fried catfish with no sweet tea. (insert southern accent here) You like sweet tea? I like me some sweet tea. You gotta have some sweet tea. I'm not kidding. Sweet Jesus, make some sweet tea. I will even come in and show you how to boil down the sugar and make it. I know I live out west. There is no sweet tea west of Kentucky. I get it. I understand. But how cool would it be for the only restaurant in Denver to serve up some sweet golden deliciousness? It would make this great restaurant even more amazing.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,1/8/2010,137,230,3,3,4>I love this place!  Came here on Saturday with a few friends for brunch and I was not disappointed.  The truffle fries were absolutely orgasmic!  I feel like creating a church for those damn fries.  I also had the burger sliders with a side of salad w/ ranch.  The burgers were very delicious and cooked a perfect medium well.  The salad was good, but the ranch was too thin and healthy tasting.  It needs more fat! This place is clean, pretty roomy, and there are a lot of quirky patrons so I didn't feel like such a freak.  Our server was Joey.  He was quick, outgoing, and even jumped in on a few conversations here and there.  Sorry for thinking your name was Cotton Jelly.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,1/7/2010,112,168,4,6,7>I have been coming to The Little Bear for nearly a decade. It is a part of my Colorado history that I love and have made memories here that I cherish. It is just plain ol' fun. I am very much a biker chick. I have never ever been to The Little Bear without being on the back of a Harley. These two things together are simply the way the world should be. Freedom and hospitality. It is easy to be happy here. It's kinda dark and smells of old beer and possibly old men drinking beer but this matters not. The staff is salty and fun and the drinks well ..(lets just say there was a time it was suggested I be bungeed to the bike on our way back down the hill, so I didn't fall right off. But that's a story for another day) they are strong and the beers are cold. The food is pretty good, considering where you are and the tables may or may not be clean. This is just what I'd expect from a mountainside biker bar. If this bothers you , you have no business here whatsoever. The potties are very very small and not necessarily ummm... sanitary? But again if you can't stomach this well then a biker you are not and a lightweight you may be. The live music has NEVER disappointed me. Not once. If by some grace of God you can catch a performance by Jakarta here ... DO IT, DO IT, DO IT. They are insane, ridiculous and phenomenal. The dance floor here is smallish so be prepared to dance up close and personal with strangers, but to me this just means more fun. Be careful on your way back home so you can come back up again. I love The Little Bear so very much! So when should we all yelp up there together???
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,1/6/2010,119,122,13,11,13>These girls broke the mold when they opened this place.Two weeks ago, I popped into the Mop Factory for some much-needed mane maintenance. An hour later, I walked away with the best haircut I've ever had. The results speak for themselves, and the jury of my peers has handed in their verdict, too: ladies and gentleman, Andee has made me into a real boy again.But The Mop Factory is concerned with more than just results: this place is an experience! A cozy salon nestled in a comfortable south Denver nook, the owners' personalities are bursting out of the place. The Mop Factory is anything but an assembly line. The robot theme is to die for, and adds some style to an intimate setting. One better, Andee afforded me the sort of narcissistic, personalized attention my locks demand, and seemed to have a lot of fun doing it! I know I did.Using Yelp for its true purpose (hot person-on-person networking capabilities), I e-mailed Andee some photos of my desired hairstyle ahead of time. She not only took on the admittedly dated Skywalker 'do, but really got into it in the process. She asked me just enough questions to make sure I got what I wanted, but let the scissors do the real work while we shot the breeze the entire time. No phony small talk, false praise or forced questions here: just a nice, old-fashioned hen session. So much of a good haircut boils down to the 'in chair' experience itself, and Andee delivered one of the most comfortable, enjoyable cuts I've ever had.So the shop's the shit, the owners are a hoot, but what about the cut? Two weeks later, I'm still marveling at Andee's handiwork. She took a dippy hippie hairstrosity and transformed it into a modern day male Farrah Fawcett (R.I.P., ya'll). I still need to get a straightening iron to unlock the Force's full potential, but Andee definitely held up her end of the bargain. As a result, I'll definitely be stopping in to the Mop Factory again at the first sign of split ends.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,1/5/2010,639,447,8,8,9>My dog hates baths. Hates them. Anytime he sees a hose or a shower nozzle he has a fit. In fact, some mornings, if I turn the shower on for me and open up the door to go grab something out of my bedroom, Zed will run and hide, assuming it's bath time. I also have the hairiest effing terrier living on earth at this time. I try and keep away the clumps, but he hates being brushed and he hates it when I try and trim out the dreads. So, grooming tends to play second fiddle to running around like crazy and chewing up stuff. Finally, I had it the other day. Zed smelled bad. I had heard lots of great things about this place and I had a coupon (yeah money savings!), so in I marched or rather spazzily walked because Zed was having a fit that he was getting a walk in a new area. I like that they have bath stalls at various heights because, well, I'm pretty freaking short. So I chose the shortest tub and the gentleman working there helped me get all set up. FYI, Heavenly Dog provides you with shampoo, conditioner, a towel, an industrial waterproof apron, the giant air dryer and various brushes and combs. Oh, and water, duh. But if you are going to want to do some trimming and stuff beforehand, you've got to bring that stuff yourself. It was really great that everything I could have needed was right at hand, so I could get this job done quickly. After I got Zed done hopped off the platform and was back to his usual, spazzy self. It will be interesting to see how he reacts the second time we go there since he really didn't know what he was in for when we initially went there. And yes, I will totally be going back there again. Fast setup, easy cleaning and little mess (relatively speaking) what more could a dog owner want?
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,1/4/2010,25,75,3,5,8>Charlie Brown's is so much more than a bar in Capitol Hill. It's a perfectly preserved time-capsule; a portal to another time.The voice - soft at first - came from the direction of the piano. I looked over and saw a woman wearing a purple jacket and a fabulous hat sitting across from the piano player singing along to an old George M. Cohan song, "Mary's A Grand Old Name." I decided that this woman looked like a "Mary" and that she was about 76. Our eyes locked for several moments and, once she saw that she had a captive audience, she began singing a whole lot louder. Man, oh, man - what a voice!There was an older gent sitting alone at the table next to us; a regular, I assumed. Quietly eating his dinner and sipping his drink, he was clearly getting a kick out of my getting a kick out of Mary.I leaned over and told my husband that by the end of the night, Mary and I were going to be best friends. Just then, a table opened up right by the piano, so we gathered our drinks and coats and settled in for the show.Our neighbor, the older guy, tapped me on the shoulder and said, "I don't know who she is, but she's in here all the time. She's been in the business, I can tell. She always wears that hat - sometimes with a big feather sticking out of it."He then went on to tell us that he was in the business - that's how he could tell she had been, too. Of course I wanted to know more, but he got kind of shy. It was cute - he's genuinely modest and I could tell he felt uncomfortable talking about it. I got it out of him anyway.John is 71. He played the trombone for Sonny and Cher in their heyday, Barry Manilow "during the whole Copacabana period," and just about every other disco star from the 70s you could possibly name. He's a Denver native and has taught music at Cherry Creek, Metro State, and other schools here in Colorado; in fact, the guy playing piano during our conversation, Patrick, was once a student of his.He quit playing the trombone professionally about a year and a half ago and he's been coming to Charlie Brown's for about 10 years - said the place hadn't changed much. "See that guy behind the bar? I remember when he was just bussing tables, now he's running the bar." We chatted for a bit before he said it was time for him to head on home.Now, back to Mary.I picked up my drink and took a seat next to her at the piano. She was a tougher nut to crack than John, but I did find out that her name is Mary (I know weird, right?) and that she's 78 (she volunteered that on her own).She's got golden pipes - I'm not even kidding. I can pretty much bet you've never heard a 78 year-old sing like Mary; that's worth a trip to Charlie Brown's all by itself. Mary had to scoot out at 9:30 and get to her gig at The Brown Palace. You go, girl.With Mary gone, it was up to us hacks to try and fill the gap and it was painful for the rest of the patrons I'm sure. But we had fun and I can't wait to go back in time again.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,1/3/2010,212,239,11,13,12>Holy cow, I hope my doctor doesn't read these reviews. Speaking of cows, the horseradish bacon cheeseburger was probably one of the best burgers I have ever, ever had. So juicy that  one bite and I ruined my perfectly clean shirt. I guess that is why they invented  "Shout". I am usually the steak and apple salad girl, which is off the charts good. Really, try it, you will send me a thank you note. They brew their own beer. Sweet, holy beer. Service is always good. Tons of TVs so you can get your ballgame on. Check it out - like any self respecting Cathedral *this one to beer and food* there is a gift shop where you can buy a relic of your journey to sacred ground. Oh, be sure to grab a poster for .50 on your way out!
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,1/2/2010,138,353,,6,7>In a neighborhood full of diamonds in the rough (the Highlands) this place is the diamond the size of a VW Bus. It is, without a doubt, fine dining and comfort food.  It is not cheap, it will definitely make your checking account sad and/or your credit card company fairly happy -- but it will make your stomach, and every single one of your senses the happiest they've been in a long, long time.  (Note: For this review, the ladyfriend suggested I just put some food in here. She's absolutely right. If I could just put food in here, that would be the greatest review ever. Unfortunately I can't, so here's a long-winded, often too-detailed, and definitely wandering review of a dining experience the likes of which I've never experienced.)The ladyfriend had conducted an interview of chef & owner Patrick several months prior to going, but she knew it was a place to which she wanted to go almost instantly. We added it to our list and decided on it as the place to go for our Anniversary dinner. (Our first date was the day after Thanksgiving, that's easy to remember!)We dressed casually but nicely, and ventured up to the Highlands. First we stepped into A Cote (translation, nextdoor) which is a trendy yet rustic, cute & intimate absinthe bar. We ordered two different glasses of absinthe, and they brought out the whole to-do!  For the absinthe uninitiated (a class of which I am one) there is a large...pitcher kind of thing, that has two mini spigots, one on each side, and the pitcher is filled with ice water. On top of a small glass a blade-looking spoon is placed, with a sugar cube on top. Then absinthe is poured into the glass, over the top of the sugar cube.  Once the glass is about 1/4 full the mini spigots are just slightly opened to allow the water to chinese-water-torture style drip over the sugar cube.  Once the glass is about 3/4 full the water is turned off, then you dump the sugar in and stir it.  The bartender took care of every step of this process for us, and we proceeded to drink out good'n'plenty liquor when it was done.  Definitely a fun experience, though not the greatest of liquors.  After absinthe we switched to a Mile High Manhattan pour moi, and La Vie En Rose for the lady.  Lovely cocktails, and an excellent start to the night.After having the host from Z come over to get out names, and to assure us he'd save a table for us, we stepped over to the other side to find a incredibly quaint, cozy and intimate restaurant just waiting to delight us. We took our seats, ordered some wine. Sasha came over to tell us about dinner, get us some water, and drop off app menus.  We decided we would each have the French onion soup. How cliche, yes, but after seeing some people in A Cote feasting on such an item we knew we'd have to partake. The only complaint: It was too hot when served. Other than that, it's impossible to make it any better. Not too salty, not too thin, not too chunky, just the perfect amount of cheese. It was hands down the most delicious French onion soup I've ever had. Visiting Z was worth it just for the soup!After a short while of savoring our soup we ordered dinner and went somewhat traditional getting the Cassoulet which is the house specialty, and a beef Bourguignonne. A long wait ensued, but it only added to the No-Rush European feel to it.  We had some bread and butter, and laughed and talked and enjoyed ourselves. Finally our meal was brought out to us, and aside from that "too hot" problem once again, we dove into what was one of the most amazing meals we'd each ever had. It is truly comfort food. It's absolutely fine dining, but served in the most unpretentious way possible. From old-style dishes that have indeed been used and reused to create a home-worn feel to them, to the pleasantness and intimacy of the restaurant itself.   The cassoulet had the best duck I've ever had, hands down. The Andouille style sausage was magnificent. The beef bourguignonne was melt in your mouth tasty. A side of delicious mashed potatoes and some vegetables combined with the sauce to complement the beef perfectly. Every piece of the food was to-die-for. I absolutely cannot understate how wonderful every tiny bit of the food was.We left with full stomachs, senses pleased to the utmost, and a restaurant that will forever be on our special occasion list.Every part of our experience was comfort food meets fine-dining. Intimate and friendly, Z Cuisine will absolutely knock your socks off. It's pricey but worth it for a splurge, no-rush, and they are completely on top of their game. Every member of the staff helps with absolutely everything, and they work together as...well...a family, it would seem.Thank you Patrick for a wonderful restaurant that I pray stays some sort of hidden secret in the highlands. We can't wait to go back!
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,1/1/2010,29,77,17,11,13>** CLOSED SUNDAYS **I used to pass this place all the time during my commute. I would be stopped on the corner of 20th & Larimer, right next to the Buddhist temple, the adult bookstore, and the Blue Feather. Whatever that is.Anyway, I'd always see the sign for the 20th Street Cafe, and I'd say to myself, "Self? That looks exactly like the kind of place we should check out. It looks awesome. Awesome, it looks."Well, one day I tried it!And it was friggin awesome!It's the most perfect hole-in-the-wall, greasy spoon diner in all of Denver. There are a couple of 24-hour diners in town, such as the Denver Diner, that are trying so hard to be what 20th St. is.What it is, is an unpretentious, no attitude, no waiting, no fuss, all friendliness, quick service, simple fare, good food, cozy atmosphere kind of diner that is the bee's knees, the cat's pajamas, and the cat's meow.ANECDOTE!Just now I was typing away and my girlfriend says, "What're you doing?""Yelping.""Yelping what?""20th Street Cafe."In a sudden throaty, breathy, sexy voice, she purrs, "I LOVE THAT PLACE."ANECDOTE!I wrote a review of the cafe earlier, but Yelp deleted it. For reasons. But in that review, I gave 20th St. a 1-Star review. Because "I'm trying to bring down the rating so nobody else finds out about the best breakfast diner west of the Mississippi."ANECDOTE!I took my friend here, and her three year old instantly developed good manners, good posture, and proper dental hygiene!Try everything on the menu! And try the pancakes!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,12/31/2009,134,373,7,7,6>In my quest to serve you, the loyal Yelping community, I feel that it is my job to find Denver's all time best tacos.  I suffer, you benefit.  I have now suffered at Tacos y Salsas #3 TWICE, just because I could not believe the experience I had the first time could possibly be indicative of their overall quality.  NO WAY could a taco place in Denver be this good.  Outside of Guadalajara, there could not be a taco place this good anywhere, could there be?    My fellow Yelpers, I have good news for you.  In a word, Tacos y Salsas #3 is the real deal and is definitely a finalist for Denver's best taco.There are many great taco places in Denver as I have been discovering, but Tacos y Salsas #3 is just that cut above the rest.  I have now had their tacos or gorditas with Tripas, Asada, Buche, Lengua, Chicharonnes and Deshebrada and I will tell you that my only complaint is that at Tacos Y Salsas #3 I am forced to either decide between which four meats I want to have on my tacos, or I have to figure out how to stuff more than four tacos into my stomach.  It is not possible, I have tried.Every taco comes with a large (heaping) portion of meat for the ridiculously low price of $1.50 each.  $2.30 for a gordita.  Very good salsas at the bar to add if you like to kick it up just a notch or thirteen.  These tacos are not greasy, not fatty, not dripping in juices.  They are just plain delicious.Now if I could only get them to add cabeza, trompas, and chorizo to their meat menu, I would have to figure out how to eat nine tacos at a sitting.  It wouldn't be easy, but for you my fellow yelpers, I would have to try.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,12/30/2009,238,144,21,9,12>This place has turned me into a food slut.  Sorry for the colorful language, you'd need to eat here to understand.Each dish or bite for that matter, is orgasmic.  Blissful, even.  But once it's over, not only want more of that, but I want what Kmberly was having, then what Stacey is having.  Then what smiling guy with plaid shirt and glasses is having.  Then I would steal cute Asian girl's plate, too.  We ordered the Caprese Benedict, the French Berry Crunch, and the Ham Beni III.  Whichever was on my fork at the time was my favorite.  If you have ever been to a restaurant that, even though it's a peak dining hour, you can walk directly to an open table...that's a BAD sign.  Conversely... we were there on a Monday morning at 10:10am.  There was a long line.  Can it be that good to merit such breakfast devotion?  An unequivocal YES.  More accurately, YES, YES, oh God YESSSSSS.First come, first serve.  No, not me, for me you must call ahead.  For the restaurant, silly.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,12/29/2009,245,483,10,16,16>On the weekends, I sometimes forget about eating until it is too late and hunger is driving me crazy.  I was out running errands on Saturday, when the hunger pangs struck with a vengeance.  With nothing in mind, I decided to head east on Colfax until something caught my eye.  Suddenly on the right, smoke signals wafted into the blue sky, just behind a white sign that proclaimed...could that be?  99¢ tacos!?!?  Slamming a hard right, I pulled into Tacomex, a stand alone building along East Colfax that possibly could have been a fast food chain in a past life.  Today it is so much more.  Outside, a young man stood under some pop-up awnings, grilling an assortment of meat on one side, while tending to some pastor on the spit grill to his left.  The aromas were comforting and inviting.  Inside, I found a clean, crisp, and brightly decorated room, filled with live plants and colorful window paintings.  Counter service is the preferred mode here.  While English is spoken, brushing up on your Spanish is always a good idea when ordering tacos.  For those of you who are like me and lack fluency, all you need to know is this phase:  "Quisiera {insert quantity - un(a), dos, tres, cuatro, cinco...} tacos de {insert desired meat}, por favor."  Repeat if ordering more than one variety of taco.  If eating in say "para aqui", if ordering to go say, "para llevar."  Finish your interaction with a smiling gracias.  You are now prepared to survive in any taqueria.The tacos are on the small side, but they pack a mighty punch.  I thought that the cabeza (cow's head) and the lengua (tongue) were pretty delicious, but they were not the stars of this place.  Clearly, the standouts were the birria and the pastor.  Birria is a dish that I have seen in many traditional Mexican cookbooks, but rarely at Mexican restaurants.  It is a stewed meat, made from beef, goat, lamb, or whatever is available (I'm pretty sure they use beef here).  The meat is seasoned and marinated overnight with a chile paste and then slow cooked for several hours until the meat is tender and succulent.  The result is a taco with tender, juicy meat bursting with flavor.  The pastor is possibly the best in Denver (a very competitive field) when it is being made fresh.  Al pastor is pork cooked on a spit grill and then shaved, similar to the way gyros are prepared.  Tacos al pastor translates as shepherd's tacos.  The tender seasoned meat is then combined with pineapple before going into your tortilla, then your belly.  When the outdoor cook is present, you order your food inside and then take your receipt to the cook, who will prepare your tacos al pastor on the spot.  I highly recommend coming to this place when the outdoor grill is fired up because the al pastor is simply so much better at those times.  This place is relatively close to my house, so I am looking forward to plenty of future visits and hopefully a schedule of when the grill cook will be present.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2009,12/28/2009,257,1564,2,11,6>Easily one of the best meals I've had in Denver.We decided on a whim to go out for dinner and walked in on a Thursday night.  We started with a cocktail.  I loved the Cucumber di Neve, with fresh basil and mint.  The flavors, including passion fruit, were subtle and came together nicely.  My bf's Chartreuse Siero was more striking and complex--really delicious.We tried the seasonal bruschetta, with goat cheese, speck, and tomatoes with a balsamic drizzle.  It really surprised me with how delicious it was.  I often dismiss bruschetta, but every ingredient (esp the speck) was top-quality and packed a wallop of flavor.  The bread was not very toasted, but it allowed us to enjoy its chewy crust.I had a spicy tomato soup with a bit of cream and some goat cheese as well as some whole grape tomatoes.  The red peppery spice really warmed me up, and it had good tomato flavor.  The bf's roasted beet salad, with citrus, arugula and hazelnuts, was fresh and well-balanced.My entree (which was a generous portion that I couldn't finish after bruschetta and soup) was, to borrow a phrase from a favorite chef, "a flavor bomb"--in a good way.  The mushroom &amp; asparagus orzo had a mound of arugula and shaved parmesan atop it.  It put any risotto dish to shame. The wild mushrooms were bursting with flavor, and the saltiness of the parmesan paired perfectly with that and the nuttiness of the arugula.  The bf, whose grilled lamb was excellent (good meat grilled to perfection), was still jealous of my dish and kindly offered to finish what I couldn't.With dinner, the bf ordered a "handcrafted beer from San Marino." He normally doesn't drink Italian beers but thought he'd give it a try.  He didn't like it, though it was the only part of the meal we didn't LOVE and it was certainly no fault of the restaurant. But when a staff member asked, "How do you like that beer?" he answered honestly, "it was just okay."  He added later, "I just ordered a beer that I didn't like," because we soon learned that at Osteria Marco they want to be sure you enjoy EVERYTHING.Our server brought us a shot of their housemade nocello (walnut and hazelnut liquer) to go with the 'deconstructed tiramisu' we ordered for dessert.  He did it to make up for the disappointment with the beer (which made the bf feel badly about being honest--it just wasn't his kind of beer).  I'm so grateful he did, because I would never think to order something like that.  It was so good, and it paired nicely with the amazing zabaglione and ladyfingers.All in all, this was a great meal with service that went above and beyond to make our experience a positive one.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,12/26/2009,56,131,3,6,4>Updating this review, as it has been quite a few months and wow....has The Bean evolved (and I was always a fan)!!!It has been a regular spot of mine to grab a solid app, good glass of wine, good company (Danny and Johny), and amazing chef (Max).I was luck to go to the Infinite Monkey Theorem wine dinner there on Nov 23rd.Before I go through the courses, the sad thing is none of these are on the regular menu yet, but if it was like the last wine dinner, some may make an appearence soon.The amuse-bouche was pretty big and it was called "the smokey bone"...their version of onion soup served in bone marrow and delish crostini...and that was just the start!!!The next course was roasted veal sweetbreads with pretzel, brussels, mustard, and fondue.........HOLY COW (literally).  This was amazing!Next:  manilla clam salad with celery, preserved lemon, and roasted chickpeas.  My least fav of the night...I love clams, but this was pretty clammy.  Maybe more lemon?  Loved the chickpeas!The next couse was roasted chanterelles with ricotta dumplings and proscuitto brodo. Another huge success!!!  The flavors worked so well together...some one may a statement at my table "I could eat this every day..I want it for breakfast tomorrow!!"Yes, another course.......peking style squab with potato pave, onion, and vanilla roasted figs.  The squab was great, kind of hard to eat, but the peking style was so good, not too sweet at all (as in can be).I was ridic full, but then dessert came out.  It was called "chocolate and cherries", but that does not even do it justice.  The dessert here is amazing too!What a great night....huge success.  The wines were great and paired almost perfectly.  The waitstaff was very informed about all of our courses.  I also highly recommend Infinite Monkey's wines.  A local winery right off Santa Fe.  If you haven't been to the Bean.....GOOOOOO!!!For those of you still calling it a "coffee shop" or "cafe"....how wrong you are.  My fav in Denver right now!!!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,12/25/2009,154,74,,10,6>Jeff the owner is probably one of the nicest people on the planet and so are all his staff members. Conveniently located for Whitter/Cole/Curtis Park/Five Points/Ballpark hood residents. My dog, Oz, is kind of a weirdo and this is the one place where he runs in happily wagging his tail off ready to jump right in. Oz has issues with men, but the males who work here are some of his favorite people. This is the only dog daycare I trust with my pooch. - Prices are great if you buy bulk packs! - Hours are long and accommodating for work schedules!- Overnight boarding available- Handy Dog Web Cam for watching your critter while you avoid work!Who doesn't want their dog to spend all day running his butt off and come home exhausted? It's priceless!
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,12/24/2009,39,141,,8,2>Thanks, fellow Yelpers, for directing me to Thai Pot Cafe! I won't lie, however, I pulled up to Thai Pot and just peeking in the window I had a moment of doubt. The restaurant is tiny and pretty bare bones. However, it is clean and the staff is very welcoming. I met my mom for dinner and we ordered soup and two entrees. When the food arrived, we realized that we had been a bit generous with our order and in the future I'd stick to just one entree and a soup for two people. That said - our Tom Kah soup was delicious and the Pad-Se-Ewe dish was so yummy. We also ordered the Cashew Stir Fry with tofu and it hit a home run. We sat in the Thai Pot Cafe for a few hours chatting and the staff was very attentive to keep bringing us water. A good number of people came in and out while we were there - some to eat in and some for pick up. I even overheard a couple who came in and said they aren't familiar with Thai food but heard such good things they had to come in. We left before they did - but I'm suspecting that they were happy! I'll definitely be back to Thai Pot again.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,12/23/2009,110,100,3,6,6>I love great restaurants that are in places you would least expect them.  It really is a hidden gem!  The decor of the building is intriguing because it is modern, with tall ceilings and a warehouse/gallery feel to it.The place is really quite popular and gets crowded fast.  I love the atmosphere and this will be one of my bar hangouts I now go to.  It is apparent that they really favor cocktails that are made with things like gin.  If you go there when they have strawberry margaritas, definitely get one of those.The food is inspired by Spanish influences and I have been very pleased with things I get.  Items like gnocchi, delicious soups and salads, keep me coming back to try more things.  I love the fact that the menu is always changing and they emphasize using what is fresh and seasonal.  For example, one dish I had included fresh ramps, which I was so excited about since they can be a rare find and are only available for a short duration during the year.I really want to try this place for lunch and coffee.  The lunch menu looks scrumptious, so I'll have to check it out.  If you dig places that are all about seasonal ingredients with a modern twist, check this place out.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2009,12/22/2009,456,160,4,9,6>I hate DMVs. Doesn't matter what county in what state, they just suck.  I was with a friend who needed to go to one, so while she was waiting, I explored the inevitable strip mall location. I was not expecting to find the smells coming out of this small bakery! Fresh Peaches! I went in to find the source, which was peach turnovers hot out of the oven.  Sold! oh, wait....is that a peach cobbler made with shortbread crust? Better give me that too.. and one of the scones, as well... (I figured I was over my limit, but surprisingly still less than $10!) She found me with a few empty wrappers and a smile that said "bliss" all over it! She isn't much for sweets, but she had a few bites of the things I left for her to try and enjoyed them all... I have tried to find reasons to be back by there and finally just went there as a destination yesterday, and it was the same joy, but apples!!  Super fresh, and soo yummy! (yep, I said Yummy, Delish and scrumptious for all you word weirdos out there) If you are in the area, try the Bake Shop instead of starclucks... they have great coffee as well...
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,12/21/2009,133,419,3,10,2>I went to Tastes this week for happy hour, after meaning to try it out for a while!They have a nice happy hour from 4-6:  $15 glasses of wine under $10, and half off glasses over $10.  They also have a few tapas to try for $3.Over the course of the evening, we had:  3 glasses of wine each, the cheese of the day for $3 (which was a fig goat cheese - yum!), olive tapanade for $3, a cheese plate for $23, and brie-stuffed dates for $6.As a wino...errr...oenophile, I was not very impressed with their wine list.  There were some interesting wines, but it was quite limited.  There was more variety in the bottle selection, but really, when you're having tapas, you want to try a few different wines.  I recommend they beef up their by-the-glass menu in order to compete with other establishments in town.  The wine of the night for us was the Corvina - a light bodied, easy drinking Italian red.The tapas menu was much more extensive, and there were a variety of things I wanted to try.  The brie-stuffed prosciutto-wrapped dates were the best of what we tried.  Many of the cheeses were quite good, but at $23 for 5 different cheeses (small servings, at that), it was not a reasonable price.We had really nice service, so no complaints there!I think with a few small tweaks, Tastes could be a really great establishment and draw folks in from some of the other nice wine bars in town.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,12/20/2009,93,211,5,4,5>i have no idea how i have not written a review for rock bar yet. i would make the leap to say that the rock bar is my favorite place in denver to dance and people watch simultaneously. i normally need a little bit of liquid courage in order to shake it, but the rock bar is so unpretentious that it doesn't take much. i love this place for the diversity of people, from young to old, bro, hipster, to dork, gay, straight, in between, the rock bar does not discriminate. pair that with rockstar aaron djing cassette 80's on friday nights and cheap cheap drinks and you have a winner! i mean, where else can you go, dance your ass off, sing along to ac/dc, beastie boys, madonna, or journey and air guitar with no one looking at you sideways and many times joining in??i love you rock bar. i really do, but only after 11 on friday and saturday.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,12/19/2009,59,173,3,6,5>I grew up with my photographic-memory father taking me around the country to different historical sites and exhibits, so the DNMS is definitely right up my alley.  About every other year, when asked by my folks and/or friends where I'd like to be taken as a birthday outing, I pick DNMS!  Yep, I'm a total geek, but it's what I'm into.Now that I have kids, I'm even more in love with this place, and we're totally rockin' our family membership!  It's really the only way for a parent to take full advantage of the venue - when you've got kids, you're dealing with sporadic appetites, diapers/bathroom trips, fluctuating nap times, and general possibility of breakdowns - all of which would make it truly suck if you've just coughed up a day's admission for everyone and then need to leave after just one hour.  It's an old place, and definitely in need of some TLC in areas, but it's a fun venue with great facts and exhibits about Colorado and beyond.  Plus the IMAX experience is a great outing all on its own.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,12/18/2009,38,46,11,3,8>Dear Liks,I was sure that our torrid affair would end completely once I started seeing my personal trainer...but what she doesn't know wont hurt her.I saw you from across Vine St street; I could even smell your sweet saturating scent from a distance  You looked so inviting; I could not resist you.  I was like a moth to a flame as I made a zombie like stagger across the street. to see you.  I was so sure that nothing good would come out of this...mesmerized by my recollection of all that you had to offer.I stepped inside, and saw for the first time you had more than just sinfully creamy ice cream to feed my cravings.  For the first time, I realized how kind you could be to me, and my restrictions, with your friendly sorbets.  Although I longingly stole glances at the Almond Roca, and Billionaires from our previous encounters, I was able to resist, and start a new relationship with you.Although the nature of our rapport has changed dramatically since the last time I saw you, especially now that I have a trainer in my life, at least I was still able to see you.  At least we can still be together once in a while.  Although it is no longer as torrid as it once was, you allowed me to have a rush of flavor and sugar with your delicious strawberry sorbet.  I cannot promise that things will once again be as they were, but I will still reserve a little piece of me that dreams of how sinful we used to be as we continue our fat free friendship.XOXOXNewsha
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,12/17/2009,164,180,4,7,6>Dougherty's... hmm... what do you think, maybe Irish? Um, yeah! What does an Irish place need to be? It has to have Guinness. Check. It has to have bartenders that serve a mean whiskey. Check. Cabbage Rolls? Check! Singalongs? Check!! Patio?  Bonus! This place is so fun and down to earth.  I came here by myself to confirm that 20 people would be coming on Sunday for a Yelp mac and cheese tour (for their special Guiness mac and cheese) and got sucked in for couple of hours with it's Irish charm. Seriously, the jukebox box is perfect and I kid you not, the friendly locals were singing along to the jukebox at the top of their lungs. The cabbage rolls were so tasty (I recommend asking for more bread to soak up the flavorful sauce (if you don't want to lick it up like it's your last meal). I can't wait to try the Guinness ice cream, Irish Cream Cheesecake (yes, dessert first) and then I think I'll try one of the stuffed burgers. How about the The O'Mally (a burger STUFFED with corned beef, Swiss and BACON and served with stone ground mustard.) And after a few shots of whiskey with the happy crowd I think I'll join the crowd in a singalong or start one: "where everybody knows your name..."
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,12/16/2009,397,602,1,12,8>Let me count another reason why I love the Highlands so much!  This is a new restaurant/bar from the same guys who brought us LoHi Steakbar.Came in here for dinner and a couple drinks after a hectic workday. This place focuses on Italian food and Italian influenced drinks. I had the Italian Margarita which was basically a regular margarita with amaretto splashed in. It was delicious!The apps were delicious also-we got the fried pizza dough served with cheese (I dont know what kind, just that it was stinky) and prosciutto, as well as garlic parmesan wings. The wings were crispy and delicious, but I think that they need to add a bit more garlic to add some more flavor.  Me and the BF both split a sausage and meatball calzone-it had the right balance of meat and breading! Usually calzones boast a little too much bread but not this time around. It was perfect.Now, on to one of the reasons why I absolutely adored this place-they have a game room..WITH SKEE BALL. It's reminiscent of all the birthday parties I'd attended at Chuck-E-Cheese's. Now, if only they spat out tickets for free drinks....There is also a fireplace to cozy up to with that special someone. It wraps around to the enclosed patio on the other side as well.PS...the happy hour here is killer: 3:30-6:30 and 10-1 AM every night!
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,12/14/2009,34,238,3,5,8>One of my favorite bars in town.  The decor is on the dark fantasy side, and I can't quite put my finger on what exactly it is but something about this place reminds me of the movie "A Clockwork Orange."  From there, I get in the mood to drink something with milk, which for me is a White Russian, and then I get in the mood to watch "The Big Lebowski."  Now that you've had a peek into the innermost workings of my mind, you'll see there's not much more than a hamster on a rusty wheel running around up there.  But I don't drink the White Russians here, because they have a heavy-hitting specialty drink menu.  On top of that if you get hungry, they serve pizza from next door and it is a really crispy New York style with a wonderful red sauce.  While there aren't a lot of booths here, I think getting in here early and commandeering a booth with a few friends is the best.  They are extremely red, very private, and extremely cozy.  Have a few of the house specialty drinks and if you're hung over the next morning blame it on the Gummy Bears.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,12/13/2009,60,90,5,4,5>When I was a little girl, I used to put a fried egg on my waffle and syrup over that, because salty and sweet has always been a pleasure that I enjoy.  Now that I'm all growns up, all I have to do is go to Lakeside Waffles and they will put a fried egg (and bacon!) IN a waffle FOR me!I visited this place for the first time with some friends this past weekend.  The dish I had was called "The Early Bird" .  I was happy with the blueberry syrup that I dipped my deliciousness in.  I was super happy with the Bloody Mary (spicy, although, could have been a bit more thick for my liking), and super duper happy with the strong coffee.Lakeside waffles feels less like being at a restaurant and more like I have a friend who works at The Oriental Theater and has invited me to hang out low key and eat some tasty breakfast there on a morning they have decided to open the place up just for shits and giggles.  Love it.I believe Lakeside Amusement Park is one of the most magical places on earth.  I believe that Lakeside Waffles is one of the best breakfast experiences I've had on earth.  I'd go back here every weekend, but I have to share my weekend mornings with Dim Sum.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2009,12/12/2009,92,352,1,7,4>Le Central is owned by a French family, has a French speaking staff, a French sensibility and a French bar. I love their aperitifs; this is the place to try something different.  We spent one long weekend in Paris, ate in several bistros and one fabulous "unstarred" place.   I had the lousiest meal ever in a guidebook recommendation. There, a waiter smugly served a burnt Croque Monsieur, upset because I did not order his suggestion. I've been thinking on this.  Sometimes when you go out you want a unique meal event; I wanted a well prepared Croque Monsieur (which makes it a great one).Le Central is more like a bistro than a Michelin star.  Most of the truly great meals I had in Paris were at bistros--the kind place you can drink a bottle of great affordable wine, nibble rich pate, talk about your day, and just unwind.  An hour or more later, you order.   An hour or more later, you might be ready for coffee and dessert. To the disappointment of some, the service at Le Central did not hover.   To the disappointment of some, Le Central did not use ingredients designed to burn through your wallet at the rate of $100/ hour.  In reviews of another French place, there is a focus on fastidious service, mains with multiple expensive ingredients, and an atmosphere of haute cuisine.  That is what Americans expect of "French food". Not me.  I have eaten brunch, lunch and dinner here many times.  I love being able to walk down from work or go on the weekend.  I love the Maitre'd who responds to the slightest hints.  I love its atmosphere, which is sort of like a house owned by your aunt and uncle, a bit rundown with opinionated décor.  I love the ladies' room with its humorous ambiance.  My favorite dining rooms are the porch and the room on the east wing, past the bar. There is also a main "see and be seen" room and a lower room.  Ask for a tour if the atmosphere for your event is important.What I love to eat:  Salade de Betterave (red beet salad with blue cheese), Salade Nicoise, Salade de Magret, and the Soup a l'Oignon, especially for lunch. Le Central is one of the few places I actually eat bread and butter.   Its yeasty crunch on the outside and fragrant chewy dough inside is irresistible. I love their Charcuterie; we ate more pate in Paris than anything else.  I might have to add it to wine and cheese as part of my last meal.  At times, I think the cheese and pate plates are served too cold, but that's public health regulation.  For a teaser, try their Salade Perigourdine.I often order one of their Cassoulet(s) or their fish (or anything else) with Bearnaise.  My husband likes the Bouilloubaise and yes, the mussels, especially the spicy ones.  He is from NYC and eats in DC, LA and Seattle.  He's never complained about those mussels, nor have my adult children who have packed away their share as well.  Their lamb, veal, and fish dishes are simply and well-prepared most of the time.  I have had varieties of each several times.  For me, the most gourmet item on their menu are the sauces, which I could eat by the spoonful.  Theirs is a true Bearnaise, in which the fresh herbs can be individually detected.  If you aren't a believer, go home and make it and then go there and eat theirs.I try to order something unusual off the dessert menu, even at lunch.  Although I have eaten every one of the chocolate desserts (my dining partners have a strong preference) I try to get the Floating Island, the Raspberry Charlotte, or the Linzer Tort for contrast because we share.  There is never a question of not getting dessert, it is a question of how many desserts we get.  This is a time for tea, cappuccino, Grand Marnier or the like.  Something to jolt you for the walk back to the car or hotel.I mostly measure a meal with my eyes closed, as I savor the flavors.  My tastebuds, nose, and ears are fully open and the lids of my eyes half closed.   I like the tastes, the smells and the music of this place.  What I taste, smell, hear, and sense at Le Central is a five (5). The staff can be wonderful or, more rarely, lacking in basic knowledge of the wine. I think they used to have a wine steward at dinner, but if you ask for better help they will usually send someone over. At lunch they can be quite hurried because these are not meals intended for the American 45 minute lunch.   In Paris you never got a ticket unless you flagged down the waiter, even after two hours.   So these are perfectly French manners.  Isn't that what you expected?  What I see there is a 4 (in a sense the building is well decorated and preserved, but a sow's ear nevertheless).  However, it's hard for me to say that I would like Le Central better in a Frank Lloyd Wright or an I.M. Pei building.    So I am not going to subtract because I love my aunt and uncle's house.   I think the owners have absolutely made a genuine silk purse here, and anyone that wants a silk purse out of gold had better expect to pay more, much more.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,12/11/2009,27,66,5,5,2>I've been waiting to make this review.  I wanted to make sure that I had been a handful of times before I wrote this.I live one block from TAG and I think that's God's way of saying that I did something right in life.Dear Brian,You've been pretty kickass as of late and I know you like to eat.  Thus, I have placed TAG virtually at your footstep.  I hope you enjoy it and keep rocking.Love God.That's not an actual letter from God mind you...just what i assume it would say as I have been kicking ass as of late.I went last night with my wife and we tried some apps.  Got the Kobe Sliders and duck fat fries.  They were really good if not all too common anymore with the abundance of sliders on everyone's menu.The French Onion Soup Dumplings are killer.  Sweet and onion notes with perfect cheese.I had the lamb and learned that I like couscous.  The lamb was cooked perfect and swam in a szechuan sauce that was balanced and complimented both the lamb and the couscous.  My wife had the hanger steak and I can't speak to it's taste as she ate the whole thing and had no intention of sharing it with me.The time previous to this was two weeks back.  There were four of us and I can say that we had all the apps except for two.  Not one was even mediocre.  It was an amazing dining event.  The sushi tacos are an amazing east meets west twist that a lot of restaurants try but don't bring to full fruition.The Volcano Roll is fresh fish and the right amount of heat that I now go in, sit at the bar and just have that and leave.  Another person in the party had the rabbit which was tender and fully flavored.  His wife had the cod and it stood out as the best of the entrees.If forced between TAG and Vesta for a dinner I would be hard pressed to choose one over the other.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,12/10/2009,97,68,3,7,8>Jean-Paul Sartre "Nausea" - 5 bucksOld hardbound copy of Hemingway - 5 bucksArthur Rimbaud translated from the French - 3 bucksSigned copy of Chuck Palahniuk, Nick Zinner's "I Hope You Are All Happy Now", Andy Warhol's "A to B", his diary, Hunter S. Thompson, Voltaire, Anais Nin, feminist literature, numerology books, comics, rock 'n roll autobiographies, philosophy, poetry, pulp fiction, stacks, racks, rows, and shelves of what some of the best minds had to offer the world, it's all cheaply nesting at Kilgore.The clerks are friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, have incredible taste in music (softly playing overhead as you filter through A-Z of an amazing selection of literature, otherwise undisturbed), and genuinely have an affinity for what they are selling.I adore this place, and recommend it to anyone looking for a great local bookstore to help add to your library, expand your horizons and fend off boredom for the upcoming snow storms and blizzards. Great finds at great prices, you couldn't beat Kilgore.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,12/8/2009,128,109,,8,4>After going the wrong way on Hampden and ending up on Havana, we spotted Seoul BBQ and decided to stop in for lunch before we turned around and got back on track.The restaurant is not what I expected inside, I am used to pretty barebones Korean places. Seoul BBQ is really clean and they have taken pains to decorate it. They also seem to have a few private rooms lining one wall of the restaurant.The menu seemed pretty complete, I didn't see any glaring omissions, but we were there for the BBQ and the BBQ is what we got.  The prices were high, which is why I knocked off a star, but the portions were massive which is why it was only one star.Since the BBQ entrees were around $17 and up I asked our waiter if they would serve two (knowing that you get a ton of sides at Korean restaurants) he said they were meant for one person so we got both the chicken and beef bulgolgi and had them fire up the grill at our table.the sides came out first, and kept coming, and coming and coming.  Nothing terribly out of the ordinary here if you're used to Korean food.  There was marinated cucumbers, kimchi, chewy little dried fish, spicy sweet potatoes, an assortment of bean sprouts, green beans, potato salad and a bunch of others, the dishes absolutely surrounded our grill.Next came our meats, two huge plates heaped with marinated chicken and beef.  One of these would have been PLENTY to share!   Along with the meat we got steamed rice, cold shredded green onions, bean paste and a spicy sesame oil that was to die for.Our waiter cut up and put the meat on the grill for us, which is also pretty typical.  What I was not prepared for was them coming back when we had finished with our first meat and switching out the grill and preparing the second.The food was fantastic, the only side we did not like was the dried fish, it's just never appealed to our tastes, and the service was fantastic.  I did ask for an ice water about halfway through and did not get it, but I suspect our waiter was new as he also turned our grill down too low at one point.  His mistake was quickly corrected by a more seasoned waitress in our section.As we were waddling out, full as could be and wanting nothing more than a nap, the manager at the counter handed us each a 2009 calendar!  That was entirely unexpected and a really nice gesture.We will definitely make the trek back here, and next time we will know that we can get by with only ordering ONE plate of meat for the two of us!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/20/2008,12/7/2009,17,48,,6,3>I was really debating between giving Abrusci's 3 or 4 stars. The food is so good it makes my taste buds weep, however, the service makes me want to pull my hair out. I went to lunch with 4 others on a weekday. We were told it would be a 20-25 minute wait, but after waiting 30 minutes and having several other smaller groups who arrived after us be seated before us, we decided to tough it out at a 4-top in the bar. Being squished together at a table meant for 4 would have been bearable if the bartender/waitress hadn't been the worst server I've had in a VERY long time. We (5 women) obviously weren't who she was interested in flirting tips out of during lunch. She practically ignored us. When she brought out our drinks she piled all of them on one side of the table and walked away, leaving us to pass the drinks around to the appropriate person. We had to ask to order, ask for refills twice, ask for boxes, and ask for the check. When I asked for a larger box, she huffed away and took another 5 minutes to bring it around. Enough negative, let's discuss the food. I had the cheese ravioli with meat sauce. It was AWESOME!! Absolutely bursting with flavor - primarily garlic (note to self: no more garlic lunches when I have to go back into the office). Everyone else enjoyed their lunches as well, and we all brought home leftovers. There are lots of good things about Abrusci's, after all we do go to restaurants to eat. But I also expect decent if not good service when I'm paying more than $5 for my meal. Great food + local business + convenient location (for me) - BAD service - unpredictable wait time = 3 stars
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,12/6/2009,91,139,11,13,10>If you call ahead, the recording will give you the what's on the menu for that day.  From what I can tell, most of the standards stay the same, but it's good just to check.  The few times I've gone, I've had the chicken fried steak, the fried chicken, the collard greens (not bitter!!), mac & cheese, candied yams, and if I'm lucky,  the peach cobbler.  I've only been here a handful of times, but I've never had a bad meal.As other reviews stated, make sure you bring cash, as they don't take credit cards or checks.  You need to plan for an early lunch, because when the food runs out, there's no hope for you.  You don't wanna be standing in line, and see them erase what you want to eat off the board.  That'll ruin your day.  Speaking of the line...since everyone knows you gotta get there early, expect a bit of a wait.  That's the only downfall, but the wait is worth it.It kinda bothers me that people complain about how they got 'too full'...well, you didn't have to finish it all.  Or how unhealthy the food was...you didn't have to eat it.  You coulda left when you saw what was on the menu and went to a healthier restaurant.  You know who you are.  :-)
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,12/5/2009,210,385,12,9,8>Coffeehouses are SO 1990s, are they not? I got my share of being all boho and edgy and deep and caffeinated when I lived in Seattle circa 1995, and while I still do love my java, the fact you can't travel 2 miles in any major city without passing a Starbucks is kind of disenchanting.Take note, people. Tea is the new coffee... so branch out and enjoy a place like Wystone's before some yahoo takes the idea and runs amok with it! Not knocking Starbucks... but come on. We all know that "Mr. Starbuck" learned the trade while working at Peet's in the Bay Area. Anyone with motivation (and funding) could've done the same. Anyhow, I'm getting off track. Wystone's is bright (without being aggressive), cheery (without being annoying or full of kitty-cat knick-nacs), and an easy place to spend an hour or two soaking up the free WiFi... which, incidentally, is what I'm doing right now (thanks to my lame-ass home connection... *grumble grumble*). I'll grant that the teas are on the pricey side of what one expects to pay for tea, but these are ARTISAN teas. Most mugs will run you $4.25, but there are a few that'll set you back $10... holy brewing madness, Batman! I can't see myself ever ordering one (nor the "flight of tea" which is $55 and probably only for the true tea professional), but it's kind of wild knowing I could if I could afford it. I've yet to sample any of the edibles here, but some of the desserts in the display case look insanely good and worth at least the 60-90 minutes on the Wii Fit it'd take to erase them from my ass's memory.So next time you feel obligated to hit up a coffeehouse for something warm and WiFi-licious on a cold Winter day, think about giving Wystone's a shot instead.  And speaking of shots... do you think I can get a shot of Whiskey in my Yoga Balance Tea? Oh what? That defeats the whole Ayurvedic purpose of the stuff? Damn. It'd be way good, too.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,12/4/2009,163,177,,3,5>This is one of those places I always forget about when I'm trying to think of places to go.  Too bad, because it is the BOMB if you are craving real stick-to-yer-ribs Eastern European comfort food.  We're talking about various types of meat smothered in various types of sauces (or gravies, if you will), next to various types of starch (potatoes, dumplings, potato dumplings...) and various types of cabbage (red, sweet, sour, sweet and sour...).  Who can't get behind that?  We came here for a fix after we'd returned from a trip to Germany and were feeling a little homesick for the schnitzel.  The atmosphere is much more sleek and sophisticated than I'd expected.  I felt like I was dining in a very cool martini bar.  The service was top notch and we were even given a complimentary shot of some sort of apple flavored liquer as a post dinner digestif.  Very classy.  And very European.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,12/3/2009,11,72,2,6,4>While the name is chintsy and the outside looks sketchy, this little hole in the wall is definitely the best Thai I have tasted in Denver. It seems that most people I tell about this retaurant have never heard of it, so it retains its quaint authenticity. But perhaps this post may change that, oops...I digress. The owner seems to take personal pride in his menu. Heck, he grows many of the herbs in his own backyard, apparently. While the menu selections are not uncommon probably in Thailand, you definitely won't find many of them in other Denver Thai restaurants. Eggplant choochee, kow tom, plar goong (at some point, this stuff starts to sound ridiculous!). The soups are highly recommended -- the tom kha gai was some of the most flavorful Thai-spirited soup I've had. Curries were on par but not particularly stellar. All-around, a great restaurant if you're looking for something new.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,12/2/2009,154,252,,6,7>It's so much more than a simple used bookstore.  It's cozy, has a diverse selection, and I wish I could have spent more time here.My favorite part of the store is the vintage pictures and postcards hung up all over the store.  I wanted to peel them off the wall and take them for myself, but they're not for sale.  Damn.The staff is unobtrusive, but they are there to help if you need it.  Every employee working there was knowledgeable about what they had in stock, and they didn't have attitude.  No one even looked up as I came in/ walked out empty-handed.  It was like I wasn't even there, and that's the way I like it.The prices are reasonable, considering that you're paying for higher quality books.I can buy my favorite thing here... postcards!  Yep, that's what did it for me.  Any place that has original postcards with vintage icons, whimsical sayings, and praiseworthy portraits is a place that will have my repeat business.Be sure to visit the website before stopping in.  You can search their inventory and see staff recommendations and book reviews.  You'll also see the book trading rules online (no cash for you, sorry pals).  Additionally, teachers get 10% discount on books for the classroom (sorry teachers, I don't think the discount applies to your romance novels), and us regular folk can get 10% for a year once you accumulate $100.So if you set out for a Colfax adventure, either start your trek here, or end it here.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,12/1/2009,190,292,,10,10>I've been to El Jimador twice now, and both times we've received stellar service, great food, and superginormo amounts of tasty food. During our first visit, I tried the fajitas and really enjoyed them. Plus, their chips and salsa are great. We returned recently with friends and tried their mexican pizza and this insanely good mushroom appetizer - I can't remember the name, but dude, if you go, order the mushrooms - and then I further stuffed myself with the pork carnitas and a helluva margarita to accompany my meal. The employees are warm and genuine, the flavorful food shows up at your table promptly, and everything is really affordable. If you find yourself near Union and Alameda any time soon and you're craving some good Mexican fare, give these folks a shot. I wish I lived closer to them so I'd have an excuse to visit their establishment more often!
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,11/30/2009,283,243,8,9,6>Note to self: Never, ever EVER ever second-guess anything that comes from the owners of Duo. Ever.They have the classiest, most delicious, scrumptious, mouth-watering, delightful, comfortable, artistic, relaxing, lounge-y happy hour in Denver. $5 wine list with $5 appetizers including an array of flatbread, lamb sausages, salads, soups and duck pate?I've always had a conflict of eating meat - but if I'm going to do it, I want to do the poor animal some justice and have its meat done to perfection. None of that throwing chicken into boiling water sans spices and flare business.Olivéa, I'm hooked like JFK and Jackie-O.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,11/29/2009,175,262,,6,5>Fridays are where it's at, at the College Inn. As a first timer, I was prepared for the $0.80 mahi tacos my friend had talked about. Then we found out that there was a free buffet of food with two drink minimum. I got two drinks and all the pizza, Caesar salad, fried chicken, pasta salad, veggies & ranch, spaghetti, meatball sandwiches & cheesy potatoes I wanted for $5.00. The drink specials are pretty decent on Fridays. I took advantage of the $1 off beer & wine.A week ago, at a rugby game, a girl came over and gave my friends and I free drink coupons and raved about the College Inn wings. I used my coupon for a margarita that was pretty darn good and finally, right before I left, someone got some wings. The girl was right, the wings are fantastic!!It's pretty packed on Fridays, with lots of groups. Get there as early as possible...which is always good for happy hours! Service was great and she kept separate tabs for us. That's #1 in my book. College Inn knows how to make people happy!
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,11/28/2009,27,43,,11,8>In lieu of a certain winter fiasco, here's my honest take/breakdown after using Qi for almost an entire year following two years at the 24 Hr meat market. Personal: This has been the real strength of coming to Qi. I feel like a good number of the staff knows me as well as some of my friends. Everyone's approachable and friendly. Personal trainers are knowledgeable and qualified. One of the girls here even remembers what station I like to work out to. Equipment:Hard to decide how much of a drag this can be. First of all, the condition and technology behind the equipment is stellar. I particularly love the Expresso Bikes (which are like video games!). But being a smaller gym, peek times means having to share, particularly the weights, of which there's only one of everything. I've slowly found times that let me work around this. They did bring in a few extra free weights after a couple weeks of asking.Classes:I had been fearful of classes at gyms, but that changed here. Aside from being free, the instructors are very good at recognizing the strengths and weaknesses of those in the class and adopting things on the fly. The addition of outdoor classes is unique as well. The only negative thing I can say about classes is that they sometimes tie up a room or some of the limited equipment.Membership:Very affordable for Denver. It's literally just a few bucks more than super mega global gym and more importantly...no contract. Everything else:I've been able to take friends visiting from out of town here with no hassles. They do provide towels, a kitchen and convenient faucets. They've actively tried out a few things to better serve customers (at one point you could order food here, they always have fresh fruit, they sell some powders, etc). They close at a reasonable time, though sometimes I miss the late-late night working out. They've really stuck to their guns in regards to their vision of a neighborhood gym even amidst a horrible economy. If you live by here and need a gym, it should be your first consideration.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,11/27/2009,164,209,7,9,11>I am Alice, and this place is the Wonderland of 38th. If I had read the reviews before I stopped in this place, I would have been relieved to find out, everyone had the same impression I did. Limited menu, nowhere to sit, bizarre gym equipment and awesome art had me tallying up the "no's" vs. "yes's" in my head right away.  I was also a little put off by them only having spoons to eat the burritos with...fork me!That being said, this place had a lot of obstacles to overcome.  However, the breakfast burrito smothered with pork green chile and carne desebrada was like a gift from the burrito gods. The portion more than filled me up, and I was scooping the last bits of chile from the Styrofoam container into my mouth (I guess those burrito gods knew I would be needing a spoon after all!). Bonus: from 2-5pm they have burrito happy hour. Buy 2 burritos, get one free!I'll definitely be going back, and will embrace this wacky place, now that I know what to expect.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,11/26/2009,202,82,,5,5>The almost completely organic menu at Parsley has 16 sandwiches to choose from, including 4 vegetarian sandwiches.  There are also a number of tasty sounding salads and a rotating soup or two of the day.  It's a bit pricey but I felt like I got what I paid for.  The ciabatta is delicious and made fresh each day, and they also carry Rudi's organic breads if you prefer a multi-grain bread.  They use Annie's Naturals and Newman's Own salad dressings and feature Applegate Farms organic and natural deli meats and Blue Moose hummus from Boulder.I had The Cherokee (Applegate turkey with chipotle aioli, pepper jack cheese, organic tomato or sun-dried tomatoes, roasted green chilies) but with roasted red peppers instead of the turkey and it was quite delicious!  My boyfriend had the Fig & Brie Turkey Sandwich and he enjoyed his as well.There's also a long list of fresh made juices and smoothies, so skip Jamba Juice and spend your money at a locally owned and operated shop that focuses on nourishing organic foods that are better for your body and the environment!The only small disappointment was that I would have gotten some soup but both soups that day were made with chicken broth and I'm a vegetarian.  I hope they start making a daily vegetarian soup, especially since it's so easy to swap out vegetable broth for chicken broth.  The two veggie soups in the rotation are Miso and Vegetable, but I'll have to report on how those are at another time.  Check out the menu online, you'll probably be drooling over it like I was!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,11/25/2009,68,174,1,8,7>We got a truffle with our massage at A New Spirit and as a good yelper I had to ask "WHERE DID YOU GET THESE AWESOME TRUFFLES?!!?" So greasy hair and all we tromped a block up to the little store front and stumbled into a little sweet treat paradise. I don't believe I had ever seen so many goodies packed into such a small space. And in the very center is a small showcase filled with those sweet wonderful mounds. And these are not your waxy-one-bite-from-a-box-wrapped-in-red-foil these are minimum two bite explode in your mouth chocolate-y goodness. Did I mention that they give you a sample if this was your first visit to Roberta's Chocolates? Because it was Valentine's Day we got 12 different flavors and then meticulously cut each one in half and put them in order of which to eat first. The milk chocolate orange, amaretto, and milk chocolate mint were close to being orgasmically awesome.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,11/24/2009,40,230,,6,4>Delicious, delicious, amazingly delicious! Mahmoud, the owner of Damascus Grill, used to own the Damascus on Colorado Boulevard, and I've been a huge fan of his food for a long time. I still like the Damascus on Colorado (especially their falafel), but in my mind Damascus Grill on Littleton Blvd. is absolutely the best middle eastern food in town. The menu at Damascus Grill is huge, and I admit there are many things I haven't yet tried, but I've never had a bad meal there - either eat in or take out. I love the shwarma meat, kafta kabobs, lamb kabobs, their rice and salad, the incredible hummus dip (it's so silky-smooth and delicious), the tart and tasty baba ganoosh, the lamb shank, their amazing grilled vegetable kabobs and most of all, their beautiful fresh baked pita bread. They are open every day (and I can't tell you how many times their wonderful food has augmented our family Christmas or Easter dinners). Places like this are always family friendly (IMO), and Damascus Grill delivers friendly service in a warm atmosphere. Of course they don't serve alcohol (however their juices are amazing!!).
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,11/23/2009,105,416,,8,3>I love sushi. My boyfriend had been talking about this place for a long time but never shared the name with me. When I moved here he took me and I loved it. The quality of the fish rocked and the number of rolls....well it's like an encyclopedia that needs to be studied! I've been back numerous times and always love the rolls that we order. The Hula roll is awesome, I wouldn't have thought that pineapple in a roll would be something I would enjoy but it's great :) I've dined at the sushi bar once and tend to always be seated at the same booth otherwise, and I love that. The owner is SO nice and I love that he comes by and chats at some point during the visit. Tonight he chatted with us on 3 different occasions. There were 6 of us and we ordered 9 rolls, edamamae and a sashimi platter and it was all great! I've never had a problem with service here, the women are always very friendly and want to make sure that everything is ok. The time that we spent there tonight was definitely longer then I've previously spent but I had great company and a lot of great food so I was a happy camper. I love that they're doing a competition to come up with a new roll. I look forward to seeing what they come up with and think that I'll have to create something to submit as well.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,11/22/2009,202,253,3,4,4>I went back to Argyll Last night with my Beau for our anniversary dinner! We have been talking about the scotch egg since we saw it on the menu at the Elite Event... this was app 1... I wish we would have ordered 3 or 4... or just eaten those for dinner. The Aioli was mmmm mmmm mmmm! Perfect dip for those amazing chips too! We also ordered Oysters on The Half Shell mmmmm. Now for dinner we both kinda already knew what we wanted... but with other tempting choices we steered away for a minute but went back to the original game plan. Curried Colorado Lamb Shank- This was great!! Not a "hot" as I would have preferred but I never ever know how the chef imagines his dish so therefore did not make any comments about the dish to the owner or our server. The flavors were great and the lamb fell off the bone... and I ate the whole dang thing... :) I also love the taste of Parsnips!! I did not taste or see any Veal Jus... but I would assume it was prepared in it... not sure though. This is Definitely a great great dish! Steak Frite- now this stole my heart. I love the flavors of Tarragon!!!! This dish can compete with Bistro One's dish any day... and I think it may win this battle of the Flat Iron... Nicely prepared and there is nothing better than a side of Frites to complete a steak! My beer was fine and my Tawny... well I did not like it but I like top try new things :) I did not finish it But we DID finish the Tart. Homemade Pastry crust... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Owner stopped over and commented on how so many of us Yelpers have made a second trip after the White Party... warm Fuzzies... :) Go US! And in closing I would like to say that everything was YUMMY YUMMY YUMMERTASTIC, YUMMERLISTIC, YUMMY IN MY TUMMY.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,11/21/2009,120,135,2,5,7>I found this place on yelp when I was looking for delivery. Though I was skeptical at first in the end I was actually impressed and have now enjoyed their cuisine many times. The delivery is pretty fast and FREE! Until now I thought "good sushi delivery" was an oxymoron, but this place proved me wrong. Not only is the sushi some of the best I've found in Denver, they have some really creative rolls including a Mango Roll and a Kiwi Roll! The Kiwi makes me happy in a light crisp Summer kind of way that requires no sauce and melts in your mouth. The Salmon is always fresh, never fishy and the veggie tempura roll is amazing too! The Chinese food was a little better than okay, but not brilliant, but then again this is Denver so I didn't expect much. The Calamari was surprisingly good and came with two sauces that were amazing when combined, plus it's around $5 which is half of what most places charge.The exterior of the building is kind of sketchy, but the food and the interior make up for it in a big way. I've been in there when they were empty and when they were slammed, but I've never waited more than 5 min to get seated and the service is always great. Added bonus for having Fried Sesame Balls, they are little but come 6 to an order! It's the perfect way to end a good meal.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,11/20/2009,22,74,,5,6>Yeah for Marco's!!  I've been to Marco's four times and each time was great.First lets start with walking inside the restaurant.  The bartendar has smiled and said hi 3 out of 3 times and even sat us the first time because the hostess was seating someone else.  I love friendly people so its a great way to start out.Second, I went to Marcos on a busy Saturday evening and it took awhile for us to be sat.  The owner walked around with an appetizer (pizza with parm) and offered it to us.  When was the last time a restaurant gave you free food b/c you've been waiting awhile? Seriously awesome. OK, now the food...The wings are amazing.  Limoncello and rosemary wings served with grilled onions and foccicia--doesn't get much better than that. I've had the house salad every time I've gone (I'm a fan of simple salads with tomatoes) and it is always delicious.Pizza - I favor the left side of the menu (the more traditional Italian pies) more so than the NYC style.  I've had the Abruzzo twice and so far that's my favorite.  So good!So far everyone I've taken has loved Marcos.  Great food, good people, cool ambience...I'm a fan.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,11/19/2009,174,419,2,5,7>Though I've only been in this store a handful of times, I would have no problem recommending this place to others. For the DINK's in the Belmar/East Lakewood area, this is definitely the spot to hit up before a big backyard bbq or a holiday dinner party--that is, duel-income-no-kids with relatively more disposable income than average and a penchant for pretending over cocktail chatter (Mmm... a little citrus... maybe some strawberry... passion fruit... and, oh, there's just like the faintest soupçon of like asparagus and just a flutter of a, like a, nutty Edam cheese...).  Those who work here are more than helpful with suggestions given a few parameters: i.e., this is my price range, I like this kind of wine, I prefer this country/area of origin.At the same time, let's say you were a true connoisseur (which I am not); I suspect they might be able to offer up a nice Pinot Noir.  Or better yet, a lovely Merlot ( ^_^ ).  No matter your expertise of fermented grapes, there's something to please the entire spectrum.But it's not just wine.  Mile High Wine and Spirits also carries a great selection of beers.  I couldn't name any specifically, as I'm more of a vino girl myself, but I always see their little chalkboard outside advertising some kind of special price on some kind of special beer.Beyond just typical liquor store bidness (the selling of liquor, that is), is the tastings offered.  I had the opportunity of attending a wine tasting this week, and it was great!  The event itself I would give 3 stars due to crowd control (or lack thereof), but the wines offered and the knowledge (that I only got to experience a *tiny* portion of due to the crowd) gave me a few drinkable ideas next time I'm out wine shopping.  They offered a card with a list of each wine at each table (6 tables in all), and a little golf pencil to take notes.  I thought it was fun and useful, and definitely appreciated them working with other local merchants as a host for the event (props to Mark and Isabella's restaurant for hosting and having tasty snacks).I only wish I was a DINK, so that I might take advantage of all MHWS has to offer.  However, even being a BACS (broke-a$$-college student), I can still find some really good, affordable wines here.  The selection is great, the service is great, the events are great, AND they have a resident doggy.  What's not to like?
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2009,11/18/2009,260,513,,14,9>Have you ever needed a hug and the moment you get it, all your troubles melt away? That is how I felt when I walked into Baked Stuffed Bunz on the Run and Carol, the owner, says, "How are you doing honey?" Everyone is family the second they walk in the door;  what a warm, comfortable spot to try my first Cabbage burger, veggie style. It took 10 minutes for this delicious stuffed bun to cook to a golden brown. Mine was filled with mushrooms, cabbage, Swiss cheese, and onion. Minutes before my lunch was ready, Carol handed me two cups to fill with hot sauce from their collection; I chose Tiger Sauce and Louisiana Hot. My first bite was heaven and now I see why Nebraska fans are so excited to have this German food item brought to Denver. BSBotR also serves pizza and home made cookies; I, however, will be going back to get another stuffed bunz. BSBotR is a two block walk from St. Josephs; walk to Jerry's Nuts and then down to 22nd. This is a hidden gem in Denver.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,11/17/2009,237,363,5,15,14>I've got a weakness for falafel. It's in my top five favorite foods. I have often driven by and been intrigued by Persian Gourmet's sign for a falafel sandwich for only $3.99. Last night, I planned on running out to grab a couple but when checking out the menu online I noticed that they delivered within a 2 miles radius! Hallelujah! We went a little crazy and ordered enough food to feed a large family. 2 Falafel sandwiches, hummus, baba ghanoosh, and a "Combination of Two" kebab with ground beef (long meatballs) and Royal (basically, steak) and it all came with rice and incredibly fresh pita from a local Middle Eastern bakery. It arrived unbelievably fast, it only took 15 to 20 minutes! The falafel wrap was fantastic. And HUGE - burrito sized. It is the best falafel ever - crunchy on the outside, warm and smooshy on the inside.  It has huge pieces of fresh basil inside that blew my mind. I unwrapped it and smeared some hummus inside which made it even more fantastic, if such a thing is possible. The hummus was thick and very tasty. The baba ghanoosh was a different texture and flavor than I was used to. Even though I was totally stuffed from the falafel sandwich, I did venture into the huge amount of kebab that we ordered. I was a little surprised because it didn't come on a stick, but it was very delicious and made assembly easier. I liked the steak more than the meatball. I'm still a devotee of Jerusalem, but these super cheap and filing falafel sandwiches are sure to become a large part of my falafel consumption and the fact that they'll deliver makes them even more attractive. I also plan on checking out the restaurant itself because the website mentions they have free wifi.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,11/16/2009,160,455,2,4,4>Mkay.  Jerusalem's a great place, no question about it.  It could be a fantastic place potentially, if they took some time to clean the decor some and somehow, miraculously, opened up a wormhole in space to a pocket alternate dimension where there was a more spacious dining area.  At least in the main area inside the kitchen, there's about 6-8 tables that are crammed together with not a lot of space -- sadly unlikely to change as there's a crowded parking lot on the only side they could expand on.  There is another dining area off to the east that offers some more space though, and outside tables/plastic chairs/umbrellas for those warm days/nights.The food makes up 3/4 of this review.  I've never been disappointed.  I usually get the meat combo or the combo plate (less meat and more veggies than the meat plate), I've also had both shawarma plates (*shudder* - so delicious) and last Friday had the lamb shanks there.  Amazingly tender, fell right off the bone.  Always served with yellow fragrant rice, 2-3 warm pita slices and strong-tasting Middle Eastern salads (tabbouli and fatouch).  Very inexpensive for all you get, like $8-15 per person. Huge portions, you'll be taking some home typically.  They have delicious desserts there, my favorites are their baklava and their heavenly kulage -- I always get 2 so I have 1 for later.  Light layers of phyllo dough surround a soft custardy interior, drizzled with sweet syrup and lightly sprinkled cinnamon (and sometimes crushed pistachios)....ok, I'm making that drooly face that Homer Simpson makes now.The 4th star goes for their service.  While I once waited 20 minutes for my meal, normally it's under 5 minutes -- and Friday, it was like they had otherworldly powers....because by the time I'd placed my order, looked around for 30 seconds and told the server "I'm just going to be sitting down at the table around the corner", she said "Oh, your order's ready, we're just bagging it up now."*BLINK*"Ummmmmmmmmm...when did you have the time to cook that?""Oh, the lamb shanks are pretty popular....""But it hasn't been like roasting for 20 minutes, right?""Nope, we just prepared it!"*boggle* O_O"Wow, it's like you guys have a time machine, went forward in time 5 minutes and knew what I was going to order even before I did it...." *mysterious smile from server*I was in and out of there in 3-4 minutes with a moderately complex meal.  Those people are *supernaturally* fast at times.  That was just stunning.So, my *only* gripe is: crowded dining area (it's been years since I checked out the back area though, which is hidden off a passage to the kitchen by a heavy curtain) and usually crowded parking lot.  They usually have cool melodic Middle Eastern music with a beat going too, which is a nice addition to your escape from the everyday grind...
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,11/15/2009,342,357,3,8,9>Me Likey this bar!  Why, you ask?  Well, they've got lots of activities to keep my attention, like pinball, board games, and pool.  I was flooded with memories of my youth while I sat at the bar playing an intense game of Guess Who?  They also have cheap, good beer, and a great selection.  My friend and I lucked out by getting a seat at the bar on a Friday night.  The bartenders gave us quick and efficient service.  The pizza was delish...a perfect accompaniment to my beer(s).  This bar is just so cool... without needing to try too hard either!
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,11/14/2009,41,180,2,5,11>Aspen came from DDFL, and I love Aspen. So therefore, I love DDFL.I came here one day last year because I had very abruptly moved out of my parent's house (leaving behind two big German shepherds) and moved in with E (and his little black dog, Champ). Champ was incredibly resentful of me ruining the bachelor lifestyle, and I was incredibly lonely without a dog that even remotely liked me.I went to DDFL on a whim to look at adorable dogs and lift my spirits. And there was Aspen. He was 8 years old and white-faced and sad looking, and I thought to myself, "self, how bad would it be to adopt an old Golden retriever and help him through his last days? That would be so awesome of me!" I put him on hold and brought Champ back the next day for a meet and greet. Then I called E. "Hi honey," I said. "Please don't get mad. I have a dog in the car and he's coming home with me." "Good Lord," was E's reply. "PLEASE don't start a doggy hospice..."Lo and behold, Aspen is not a hospice patient. He is anything but. He has climbed three 14ers with me and gone on multiple other hikes and camping trips and swims and dog park escapades. Proving the old addage wrong, E taught my old dog a new trick - BANG! Aspen plays dead.DDFL was great through the whole process. The staff was super nice and energetic and they all really seemed to care about Aspen and that he went to a good home. In fact, I think they wanted me to take him home more than I wanted to take him home. Of course, in retrospect, I'm SO glad they talked me into it.Since then, Champ has learned to like me, but Aspen will always be my best boy. Finally, I have a dog who heels and lays down in the car and loves to love people (all things Shepherds suck at). Who knows how long I've got with the old guy, but I can guarantee they'll be Golden moments :)
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2008,11/13/2009,25,66,3,4,5>The ingredients are fresh, the preparations are simple and their service is great---you would do yourself a favor to eat at Parisi's.  My experience is a little limited as I've only gotten pasta dishes there the three or so times I've been but they've all been delicious.  I will admit to being a snob about Italian food.  An uber-snob or as they might say in Italy, a snob del mondo.  I lived in Rome for a year whilst in college and know that you can eat well with fresh ingredients for very cheaply and understand that this is what makes Parisi a great Italian restaurant.  Plus you can get wonderful Italian goods and sundries at their store as well.I need to try more of their dishes but why give up on delicious pastas when I get a chance?  Why indeed.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,11/12/2009,126,449,5,7,5>I find it SO hard to believe that no one has sang the 12 Volt's praises yet.  Let me enjoy being the first.  It used to be Cheers.  My boyfriend got kicked out when it was Cheers, for knocking over all the kegs in the hallway in the back.  He ran out the back door, bouncers chasing him with shaking fists, and we never returned until it was the 12 Volt.  Now?  They've got a value menu.  It entertainingly includes their cheapest of cheap whiskey and canned beers - think Olympia or something along those lines.  They also offer all flavors of MD20/20, which they'll gladly mix together to create some tie-dye concoction.  Not that I recommend that, but it's neat that they give props to the old school.  The happy hour crowd entertains me a lot - a bunch of grumpy and grisly locals, filling out crossword puzzles and buying each other shots.  I even jumped in and bought a round.  Happy hour is Two-For-One, so it's a great chance to go and get a head start on your friends for the night.  And if you're hungry?  The pizza place across the way delivers.  Straight to your bar stool.  The jukebox is pretty good, too.  This bar basically just has a no BS policy - and won't hesitate to let you know about it.  I hear they have live music, but I never make it that late.  Sorry.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,11/11/2009,34,88,4,4,4>I have a skinny, bug-eyed, frantic Weimaraner who is way too much of a spazz to be washed by a hose in the backyard.  Every once in a while, his stink becomes intolerable and we head to Muddy Paws for a quick wash.  Now unlike some other people with *normal* dogs, when I say quick, I mean quick!  We walk right in, make a beeline for the first open tub and I march him up the ramp into the tub before he even knows what's going on.  The tubs are a great height because I can use one arm to spray him with the hose, and the other arm to keep him from clawing his way out of the tub.  The wash cycle is also good because there's no separate shampoo bottle.  It's kind of like a car wash--put the knob on "soap" and a soapy water comes out, then put the knob on "rinse" and clean water comes out.  Quick and efficient one-handed operation!  The result, pooch is squeaky clean in less than 5 minutes and nobody is missing an eye.  $15 well spent.Some people probably want some luxury touches to their dog wash, unfortunately I don't have time for such niceties when my dog is literally crawling the walls and showering me in a wet dog stank.  But Muddy Paws does offer a nifty plastic apron, a Sham WOW, and a dryer if your dog is the kind that can keep his marbles for more than 5 minues.The owner of this place an incredibly nice lady who is really involved in the Denver dog community.  That's a plus too.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,11/10/2009,214,316,,10,12>I have visited Pho 95 twice this week because I couldn't stop thinking about how freaking good the pho was and how comforted I felt there!!!!The broth is sooo  amazingly good that I don't need to add any additional sauces to it. Of course I still like schiracha but I don't use it to flavor or cover the flavor of the broth like I have elsewhere. I have tried the chicken, rare steak, marinated steak, and meatball (which is AWESOME). I can't seem to try anything that isn't great! I have also tried some steak spring rolls that made my heart skip a beat. I will never be the same.Now lets talk about the service. I cannot believe how amazing it is. What's really special about them is they make you feel like close friends coming over for dinner. Not only do I love it, but I can tell that is what makes people so loyal about coming back.  I know where my pho loyalties lie.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,11/9/2009,55,30,4,6,7>Sweet Action is going to become a staple of Denver.  This place is a perfect example of what local businesses should be for their community.    Everything, from their pint containers to their tasting spoons and ice-cream cups are compostable (not just recycled or bio-degradable).  They get most all their ingredients locally, and they've found the IDEAL location on south broadway, away from the chains, and right in the midst of the hipster foot-traffic that will ensure this place thrives!The other entries will rave enough about the inventive flavors that set this place apart.  I loved everything I tried.  Early favorites are Salted Butterscotch, and Red Bean.  Like the other indy ice-cream joints in town, Its a bit pricey, and I'd love it if they tried to explore some "blue-cone" specials... something that anyone can afford.  But lets face it, Ice-Cream is not a necessity, its a treat, and this place has earned my spare change (even if it takes a couple pocket-fulls).
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2009,11/8/2009,114,168,4,5,6>I've never been to New Orleans, and I'm not a huge  crawdad or shrimp fan, so I wasn't in a very big hurry to check this restaurant out.  Another thing that kept me away for so long was the incredible wait time for a table on weekends. I finally decided to give Lucile's a try for breakfast on a Monday.  It was so good, I went back two weeks later for a second go at it!  The first thing I noticed upon walking in was the cinnamon scent in the air from their house spiced tea.  It is such a warm, inviting smell, especially when you are walking into a place that could smell like creole sauce!  The tea tastes as good as it smells, too.  The second thing I noticed on both visits was the amazing staff - our hostess was there with a big smile, and our server was friendly to the point of being familiar.  The second time I went our waitress spilled a bit of tea on my friends sandal-clad foot and offered to suck his toes with a big wink.   I love it when the staff is having a good time - it makes the entire experience that much better. As far as the breakfast food goes, I ate the same thing both times - Eggs New Orleans with 1/2 order grits and 1/2 order potatoes.  If I go again, I will get this a third time I am sure.  My only dilemma is what to drink....I love their tea, as I mentioned, and it calls to me from the front door.  I had a taste of the chicory coffee, though - that was really good too!  Then they have cafe au lait, and homemade chai..... decisions decisions!!!  I guess I will just have to go back a lot!  Who is free on Monday's?  :)
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,11/7/2009,14,29,4,7,7>Thank you to the diner Gods for the Breakfast King.  Classic decor, waitresses that carry orders with attitude and ease, and 24/7 service make this place great for any time or situation.  Partying til 4 in the morning?  Sunday breakfast?  Quick carry-out for dinner?  Visit any time for the right food; the menu caters to every one (sobriety and attire notwithstanding).I'm partial to the breakfast special, a sampler package of deliciousness that will either make your heart stop or make you fat if you eat too much.  And I eat the whole thing, every time.  If breakfast isn't your thing, the menu has just about everything any diner ever made, and there's always a special item (venison sausage breakfast burritos were memorable) if you're feeling adventurous.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,11/6/2009,54,56,,7,6>Aside from Khan Toke in SF, this is my favorite Thai.  The decor certainly has a lot of improving to do but once your food comes, you don't care.  I will warn, though, if you are not a chile head, go for the mild.  All of the food is beautifully aromatic, but if you don't have a mouth for heat, you won't be able to fully enjoy the wonderful meal you are about to have.There are so very many dishes to try here and it is worth multiple trips to try the variety of curries, noodle dishes and house specialties.  Some things that shouldn't be missed are:Appetizers: Golden Tofu, Thai Steamed Dumplings and Fish Cakes Salads:  Lhab and the Seafood Salad (Yum Ruamid Thalay)Mains:  Pad Cha, Pad Eggplant, Fish Curry and Jungle CurryYes, this is still extensive but it certainly narrows the field.Try it, and I think you'll be back for more.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,11/5/2009,39,82,,5,4>I admit it's condescending, but to truly appreciate Domo, I think you need to have been to Japan, or at least studied something about Japanese culture. This place is very special. Gaku Homma is trying to bring the principles of Japanese country cooking to us here in Denver. Something from the ocean...something from the mountains...the right seasoning... the right presentation -- everything must be in harmony. If you read Homma's cookbook--about his life as a country boy and live-in student of an Aikido master--then you'll see how these experiences translate into the simple, beautiful fare that Domo serves. I first went to dinner here many years ago when I was deep in the midst of reverse-culture shock after having lived in Japan for 15 months. In transporting me back to Japan, Domo was a calming influence, and it was probably part of the reason I ultimately moved to Denver. I don't eat here much these days, but I'm happy just knowing it's here. Yes, the service here is iffy, but it's all about the food for me.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,11/4/2009,83,121,3,4,6>Do you know those big huge sunglasses in the late '70's/early 80's everyone was wearing?   Now they're in style again.  THAT'S what PS Lounge is.  It reeks (literally an figuratively) of the '70's.  It's ideal for both sexes, because a guy can take his gal in there, and looks good because she gets a rose.  Ladies feel wonderful going out and getting a rose.  Fantastic gimmick, really.  Also, you get a free shot if you can stand.  When Pete's behind the bar, he is the most gregarious business owner that ever lived.  The last time I was there I splurged on my favorite gin, Hendrick's, and tonic.  He gave me one for free.  Just like that.  All the barkeeps pour a great drink, and those shots go down like candy.  It's a mixed crowd for a dive bar, but everyone interacts well and it's one big happy family, whether in a booth, the bar, or the pool table.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,11/3/2009,37,80,3,9,9>I have a huge problem going to a country overseas and eating the local dishes and then come back home and finding a place as awesome as when I was traveling. I have eaten Thai food only twice since coming back from Thailand because of this. So, walking into Phoenician Kabob, I was a little worried because I had been in Turkey last fall. And I know it's different types of food but it's close enough. And lucky for me, it was DELICIOUS!!!! My only problem was that I wanted to order everything on the menu. I started with apps of Falafel, Grape Leaves and Hummus. The falafel was crunchy on the outside and the right consistency on the inside. The hummus was delicious but there wasn't enough of it. I liked the onions and tomatoes that were placed in the middle of the bowl. Now as far as the grape leaves go, my uncle makes the best grape leaves EVER!!! I've yet to find any that are as good as his. I've been eating them since I was ten years old. And in my best Gomer Pyle voice - Surprise, Surprise!!! They were just as good. Except a certain someone I was sharing with, ate pretty much all of them. Grrrrrrrrrrr.......The lamb kabob's were cooked perfectly and with a dollop or two or three of the garlic yogurt sauce put it all over the top. It is a great place for a group of people to get together, laugh and have a great time while partaking in Lebanese beer. I forgot for a moment I was on Colfax and in Denver. Thanks for sharing your place with us Sherri.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,11/2/2009,246,749,2,5,3>Okay, so you know how awesomely fun jury duty is? Yeah, exactly, not such a good time.  But, at least there's a hour-plus lunch break. So, distracted while on my cell, roaming looking for anything but the courthouse cafeteria & quiznos, I see a patio off in the distance. The weather is fantastic and the need to eat a non-fast food burger or sandwich drives me to make the hike. Thank goodness I did!So, I walked in and asked to sit on the patio & was told to sit anywhere and a menu would find me. Every lunch entree was under $9!!! That includes veal bratwurst, trout, weiner schnitzel (no, no chili & cheese), cabbage rolls, curry wurst and other fantastic, authentic dishes. Well, not having been to Germany, but being familiar with the exorbitant prices at most German restaurants in CO, I was pretty impressed.Iced tea, cucumber salad & cabbage rolls with red cabbage & hot German potato salad. Yum! And, a price tag of only $11. It was absolutely scrumptious.Heads Up: This place is small, it's a great little "hole in the wall". So, don't set up to have your department of 50 to have dinner here. Price is right, but it's just not a big group place. Intimate dinner for two (plus onion & brat breath), yes. Lunch on the patio with a couple of friends, grub & german brew, yes.Disappointments: Minimal, but the lunch crew just did not seem prepared for the "lunch rush" which consisted of 3 patio tables (including my party of 1) being occupied at once. They forgot my cucumber salad before my entree, but it made a nice dessert :) And, the bread is cold, grocery store style, boo :( And, sadly, the patio is nice, the seating comfortable, but the view is of an abandoned building and an empty parking lot (I know, an empty parking lot downtown during the day? They could charge jurors $10 a day and we'd be lined up around the block!). Honestly, tho, the food outweighs any petty disappointments you may have. And, the inside is quite posh, pretty white drapes and cute waitresses with German accents, very cool spot.I will most definitely be here again and will bring friends! If you're stuck with jury duty, this place will be the best part of your day. And, this would be a fab place to grab lunch after checking out one of the many museums (art, history, etc.) in the area...
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,10/31/2009,267,467,1,8,7>I used to work in a Japanese restaurant right out of college and got seriously addicted.  One of the few of the world's cuisines where you can pig out and not feel too bad about it health wise.   Sushi - sashimi - now we're talking high taste and low fat.Sushi Den is the best there is in Denver IMO.  Yes, it is always crowded and it's better when someone else is paying.  But, the fish is absolutely flawless as it should be since the owner has it flown in directly from the Tokyo fish market.  I just sit at the sushi bar and put myself in the chefs' hands.  Start with the sashimi  - toro if you can afford it and whatever else the chef recommends.  Move on to rice.  I love all the nigiri even some of the veggie ones (eggplant is terrific).   You can blow through $50 or more in a heartbeat though.  Be sure to ask for some of the fresh grated wasabi.  It bears no resemblance to the powdered stuff.  I honestly have never eaten anything but the fish here although I'm told the food from the kitchen is good as well.Can't get in?  Walk across the street to Izakaya Den - same owner - same great fish - same prices (darn it) - less crowded and you can make a reservation.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,10/30/2009,24,71,,6,4>Things you MUST know about Biker Jim's Gourmet Hot Dog Stand:1.  Located on 16th street mall on arapahoe.2.  If your not looking for the vendor it is easy to miss.3.  Good street vendor food.4.  Excellent service.  During hot days they have a mist machine while you wait in line.5.  One of the best tasting dogs you can get on the street for 5 bucks (this includes chips and drink.)  Multiple options of the kind of dog you want.6.  For a cheap good option in the downtown area you can't go wrong with this dog.7.  I wish there was more quality street vendor  food in the area.8.  Lines get long during lunch hours on the weekdays.9.  Cream cheese and onions are very good on the dog.10.  I recommend Biker Jim, but only if your already in the area.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,10/29/2009,235,588,1,9,7>Last night my friend Lauren and I rewarded ourselves with D Bar after a yoga session. Doesn't quite make sense, but who cares.We shared the B.A.C.T Panini (applewood bacon  avocado  white cheddar  tomato  small salad) and the amazing Mac & Cheese (4 cheeses  cheese nips & panko crumbs  small spring salad). If you haven't had their mac & cheese you must get there. We both agreed the citrus dressing on the salad is so good and we want to figure out how to make it at home.After our plates were cleared we debated and scrutinized the dessert menu. We landed on sharing the Donuts (brioche  cinnamon sugar  vanilla  caramel  chocolate sauce) and the Molten Cake Thingy Everybody Has... (this one is steamed with a truffle inside) (guittard 65% choc  malbec red fruit compote  10 yr. vanilla  pistachio ice cream). **Take a look at my pictures now to salivate with me.** The sauce with the donuts was so good I wanted to drown in it and the Molten Cake was amazing to look at and even better to attack with a spoon. As you see from the after picture we didn't have a problem cleaning the plates. If I had more donuts & room in my belly I would've soaked up everything from the cake plate.I am so glad to see D Bar is still in Denver and from the crowds that were there last night they are not going anywhere any time soon.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2009,10/28/2009,119,122,8,5,7>If you like comfort food, then you will almost certainly find something to love at Sunrise Sunset. If you're not into comfort food, then Yelp may not be right for you.I ate here for breakfast this morning, and after getting my fill of homestyle cooking, I realized I have yet to review this, one of the crowning jewels in Highlands cookin'. After giving loyal patronage to this blessed breakfast bungalow for the three years and counting, it's time to give credit where credit is due. Dear Sunrise Sunset: thanks for making this recovering starving college student a lot more fulfilled.My roommates and I make it into Sunrise Sunset every month or two, usually for a weekend breakfast. The only reason we don't frequent it more often is probably the part of our lizardbrains that is averse to the image of a distended belly and thunderthighs. Yes, their dishes are  a little slick with grease. But please, don't let the Kashi commercials fool you, folks: this is the way firstmeal is SUPPOSED to be.The menu selection is sumptuous and just a little oddball, in a wonderfully down-home way. Their pancakes are enormous and fluffy, the bacon is cooked to perfection, and their homemade jam puts Smuckers to shame. My personal favorite are their 'Sunshines', the restaurant's trademark. Skillets comprised of fried potatoes, a specialized theme (e.g. country gravy, Italian sausage and marinara, fresh veggies, etc.), and topped with basted eggs, there's one for everybody. They're also the best hangover cure known to man. Mark my words: next time you feel Sunday morning coming down, cut it to the chase and order up a Sunshine to hit the spot.The food at Sunrise Sunset keeps me happy, but the service keeps me coming back. The waitstaff at this place hasn't changed much since I started coming in a few years ago, and I wouldn't have it any other way. These waitresses are of the breed that isn't afraid to call you 'hon' and mean it. Even during a breakfast rush, they're assuredly friendly, attentive, and QUICK on their game. Reminds me of a nicer version of Mayberry...simply put, even if I have to wait a few minutes for a table (not a rare occurrence on a weekend morning), I always feel at home by the time I'm in my seat. While I could rant and rave about why Sunrise Sunset is high on my list of 'last menu' restaurants, it's not without its downsides. This location isn't vary spacious, so sometimes you have to wait for a booth to open up--well worth your patience, though. And their cuisine, while heavenly, can carry some hellacious side effects, including the desire to not eat again for the duration of the day, and an urgent trip to the commode soon after consumption. Their incendiary 'Lumbre' menu is especially persistent on the latter offense. I guess there is a price to pay for food this authentically homemade... Nevertheless, the bottom line is this: breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and Sunrise Sunset is my favorite breakfast-themed restaurant, hands-down. Their Sunshines are so damned flavor-packed, I feel guilty for sampling the rest of their menu so rarely (I can't even imagine eating lunch here, and yet the burgers look delicious!). Have a look at the menu--good luck finding something unappealing--and let the staff take care of the rest. If it's the weekend, chances are you earned the siesta, and Sunrise Sunset is more than happy to accomodate.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,10/27/2009,75,167,3,8,6>Oh Landmark, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:1.  Free all you can eat popcorn and pop2. Other adults, this is not a high school hang out3. Comfortable cozy seats4. Good variety of independent and blockbuster films. 5. etc...All other theaters pale in comparison.  Now, it is $12 to get in, but the popcorn and soda are worth more that that. They do a goofy introduction to the movie, that usually makes me giggle in awkwardness, but it really is a good showing of customer service.  They want you to enjoy your time. If you pay a couple dollars more, you get to be a VIP and get waited on.  I guess that is good for a date or just for fun, but not really necessary. It is my first choice in Denver theaters.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2009,10/26/2009,639,447,4,8,14>Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know, I'm an idiot for not going here sooner. Rather, I'm an idiot for not ordering it from PS Lounge, right next door, when I spend a good chunk of my paycheck at the PS's bar. Don't ask me why I never ordered it. I knew they have a delivery door between the two places. I knew they delivered and they are within a mile of my place. Whatever the reasons are for not ordering their pizza before, they have been crushed, nay, annihilated by sure cheesy joy. The crust was perfect. The toppings (Italian sausage, calamata olives, artichoke hearts, fresh basil, prosciutto and provolone cheese on a white pizza) were perfectly portioned and worked so well together on the pizza (I guess we can toot our own horn on that since we made up the pizza). The great thing about ordering Enzo's from the PS Lounge is that the waitress calls your order in FOR you and then Enzo's brings it over to the bar. Fantastic! The one downside is that it is a little more pricey than the other cookie cutter pizza places, but that is the price you pay for excellence I guess. The bad thing is I won't be able to afford them every *single* time I want pizza, but they will always be my first choice when I want a quality pizza.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,10/25/2009,112,168,7,5,8>Hey you, come over here ..... shhh .... can you keep a secret ? Seriously don't tell anyone. " HANDLE BAR AND GRILL HAS PBRs FOR $1.50 AT HAPPY HOUR !!!" Okay ? But you didn't get that from me because if word gets out there's no telling what may happen. Can you believe the sense of true serendipity my PBR loving friend and I had upon hearing such news. It was grand indeed. The bartender was great. no complaints at all. She greeted us before our butts hit the stools and we were at a high top so she did a good amount of back and forth and checking. She took good care of us. We decided we were hungry and we would share. We shared nachos. Thank the good Lord the server suggested we get a half order. It was huge, enormous, gigantic. WOW. What in the name of all that is good and holy does the full size order look like? What does it weigh? Holy Cow! The cheese was very thick and well melted. Real cheese, no crap sauce. Olives. jalapenos, tons of guac. It was really good and I have the other half waiting for me as we speak. I may save it for breakfast. Let's keep that a secret too .... I dig this place and will be back to explore their very large and tasty looking menu. I had a ton of fun out with my friend, thank you Handle Bar for giving us a fun, easy, PBR laden place to do it!
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,10/24/2009,212,239,13,17,13>Let's talk about the union of the blessed pho and the cool, cool fro-yo, not your standard cafeteria fro-yo, but rich and creamy 'give your tongue a sleigh ride' kind of fro-yo. A perfect combination. Boba is so old skool!Back to the pho. Very nice bowl, lovely presentation, just enough onion and green bits poking out of the beefy broth to give off an aroma of health in a bowl. Beefy but not greasy and so clear if you move everything to one side, you can see all the way to the bottom of the bowl. A perfect balance of meat, tendon, noodles and broth. I tipped the bowl and wanted to climb in it. The ball-n-chain made me put the bowl down and step away slowly.Veggie plate - check, all the good stuff and not so much that there is much waste. You must try the Vietnamese egg rolls...oh my. hot crisp, fresh out of the fryer rolls paired with super fresh, cold, glistening veggies and a to die for dipping fish sauce.Service. Well, I gotta say, this place might just give Pho 95 a run for its money with service. At least three people refilled our waters, they were all so happy when we said we were happy. Polite and cheerful. The chairs were a little funky and not condusive to sitting cross legged.May the gods of new business smile on these folks and do your civic duty and help stimulate the economy by stopping by this clean, happy place. Your tongue will love you.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,10/23/2009,138,353,6,8,11>Sooooooo gooooood!  I just...cant describe how well the fish is prepared. It's crispy on the outside, but perfectly soft and perfectly cooked on the inside.  There's no linger liquid batter, there's no burnt to a crisp edge, there's no fish that's not fried to perfection.And they have Guinness.  It's in a can but bloody hell it's a Guinness! The chips leave a bit to be desired, they're pretty average. They also serve pretty tiny portions of tartar sauce (us fat kids like tartar sauce!) but the fish portions are fairly generous.The ladyfriend and I went in on a Saturday evening, and the place was nearly empty.  Only a few people hanging around enjoying the deliciousness that is GB's. Service was quick, beer was perfectly just below room temperature (the lady just had some soda) and the fish was just awesome. I had the regular cod, she had Haddock, which was apparently only available for a limited time.It wasn't too greasy, it wasn't too "not-greasy", it was just right.  I thought it was a little expensive for what it was, though.  Though I suppose when you're buying fish it's never really that cheap -- but I thought $25 for a half meal of haddock, a half meal of cod, a guinness and a soda was a touch steep.  That being said, this isn't going to stop me from going back. Service was friendly, and the cooks even threw in an extra cod piece for me.  Hm.  Let me try that again, they threw an extra piece of cod in for me.  No codpieces involved!  I dont know why they did -- I presume they saw the size of my gut and figured if I wasn't fed and soon they'd have to call the authorities, but it doesn't matter why.  They were nice about it, and more than likely they accidentally dropped an extra piece in there, and the ladyfriend and I were more than happy to have an extra morsel of fried goodness on which we could nibble.  One bit of fair warning, the Half Meal is plenty big for one person. So don't go in thinking you'll be able to knock down a whole meal by yourself.  I think most people would find the half meal of any fish type quite satisfying.It's definitely a great stop for a quick and delicious meal of fish and chips.  Oh, and do have a Guinness while you're there, it's only proper.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,10/22/2009,14,46,3,5,10>I LOVE Cheeseman Park!  I love it so much I moved to the area just to be near it.I'd read about Cheeseman Park while researching Denver (I moved here from San Diego in Jan '08) and was immediately enthralled.  The scandal!  The ghosts!  My then-boyfriend surprised me one night in late winter by taking me here at night.  And what a night!  We'd been walking through the snow exploring the park when he pulled me in for a kiss ... and then it started snowing (yes, cue cheesy music), and then BAM!  THUNDER!  It was the night of the infamous thundersnow!  Thunder, lightning, and SNOW all at the same time ... and all in Cheeseman Park.Cheeseman Park has the soul Wash Park lacks.  I run Wash Park for exercise, but I save Cheeseman for romantic strolls and bike rides.  Cheeseman doesn't feel as safe to me because there is a bit of a gritty element at times.  And yes, it is definitely the "gay park," which is fabulous.Cheeseman is just magical and romantic -- it's romantical!My favorite nights in Denver have been warm summer evenings, walking through the park, admiring the fountain and watching people ballroom dance in the pavillion.Cheeseman is very special to me.  It's my favorite place in Denver, hands down.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,10/21/2009,614,1007,6,7,8>"OH BABAY YOUUUU! You got what I need. and you say he's just a friend, and you say he's just a friend. OH BABAY YOU!"The Open Tap has everything you need for a fun time...add friends, alcohol, and stir (or shake...whatevs).Fun bar in a low traffic part of town. Just south of all the uber-trendy Broadway bars, this place is just sketch enough to make you wanna come back.Large patio for your outdoor days.Pool table for your game days - don't hate the player ...and karaoke in the afternoon..stop the presses...yeah! it's like that.I haven't had so much fun before HH since I spent the summer in Boston between my sophomore and junior year in college and my rooftop was "the" place to party. Yes, there was singing! and dancing! and beer. The bartenders are fun and witty to boot.I enjoyed the spirit of bars past which I could feel lingering here. I know The Open Tap has only just begun...
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,10/20/2009,11,58,4,5,6>I eat in this area a lot.  For many years I have heard about great cheesesteak sandwiches being sold out of the gas station on Oswego and Lincoln.  I made myself a pact a long time ago to stop eating food prepared in a gas station, so I never tried it out.A little while ago, the owner of the cheese steaks moved his operation into a newly vacant store just across the parking lot from the gas station.  Now that they are a real restaurant, I decided to give them a try.Superb!  South Philly Cheese Steaks is a fantastic place to get a wide variety of sandwiches including the original philly cheese steak.  Both times that I have been there I have gotten the Chubby.  It is your standard philly cheese steak with Italian sausage and a nice blend of sweet and spicy peppers.  It is a really amazing sandwich.AND THEY SERVE FRENCH FRIES (in your face, Taste of Philly)!The prices are a little steep.  A sandwich and a drink are going to run you about $10.  But the grub is really good, so what can you do?Word.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,10/19/2009,134,373,3,11,6>If you have read any of my reviews, you know that it is nearly impossible to earn 5 stars from a single dining experience.  Rioja, has done the impossible.For lunch, we sat down in a very comfortable booth in this hip-styled restaurant.  Around came a basket of spectacular house-made breads.  I selected three and immediately realized I was in carb heaven.  Why eat dry and tasteless bread at a restaurant, when you can come to Rioja and taste a lavender bread, a black olive bread, an orange bread and others?  All delicious and all fresh and tasty.I ordered the Colorado Lamb Burger rare and it came out cooked exactly to order.  I could not recommend this burger enough.  And I must insist that you try it as well, ordered rare or medium rare.  It came with house-made mozzarella and spicy aioli and an arugula salad that was simple yet tasty with the right salting and peppering the kitchen added.Dessert was a flight of sorbets all served on the most delicious cookie I have had in some time, cantaloupe, pineapple rum and blueberry lemon.  I favored the first two over the third.Service was excellent and I will certainly come back.  This would be a great date restaurant.  Now all I need is a date, but alas, that does not seem likely to happen any time soon.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2009,10/18/2009,238,144,2,17,16>Either Yelp needs to add one more star to the rating system, or I need to go through all my previous reviews and lower them by one.This place didn't miss a trick, from the decor, to service, to the outstanding food, both for flavor and quantity.  To give you an idea of the size of these plates, I am a rather big guy (6'5 245lbs), had come directly from an 8 mile hike in the morning, and hadn't eaten very much for breakfast or the day before...and I not only couldn't finish my plate, I doubt if I ate HALF.  It's so good.  I had the King Combo, which as they say, is for the undecided.  It's a combo with both meat and vegetarian items.  One other couple had the Traditional Lebanese Meat Combo (2 people) and everything was fantastic.  The lamb really stood out, and unless lamb is in the form of gyro meat, I normally don't care for it.  The other 2 had the Chicken Shawarma (the best I've ever had, so juicy and perfect amount of spice.  Not spicy by any means, but bursting with flavor.  The other had the gyros lunch special, again out of this world and would probably feed 2 without a problem.  We also had hummus to open the meal, both the bread and hummus itself addicting.  My drink was chai, and if I've ever had better chai, I don't know when.  I just wish they had larger cups, as every time they filled it up, I emptied it in a jiffy.To close, we split their baklawa (Lebanese version of Baklava) and it was tender and buttery, but so big that I think it almost has to be shared.If you like Lebanese food, or middle eastern food in general, make the trip to Ali Baba grill.  Once is all it takes, you'll be hooked same as I am.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,10/17/2009,87,291,5,4,7>El Taco de Mexico is turning out to be one of my favorite places, so had to update my review to say why:I take spinning a lot. On the weekend if I have an REALLY hard class, I come here for breakfast afterwards and destroy all the benefits of exercise. Why? B/c this place is f'ing delicious and hits the spot when I am depleted. Don't give me a Gatorade, give me lard and tortillas. There are a LOT of people here in the morning, it's a little surprising - you'll be fighting a crowd if you get here after 10:30am. Burritos are huge and are the best deal. Chiliquiles cost more than you'd expect but are my favorite menu item. I like to sit at the bar and watch the old Mexican ladies stir up some tasty ass food. Then I go home and take a nap. Yes...I'm a sloth.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,10/16/2009,245,483,7,15,13>I am a big fan of short menus - KISS.  I would much rather have the choices be a narrow selection of dishes perfected by the cooks than a never ending list of variations on different meats (think Chinese restaurants).  Jonesy's offers very few choices - but does them well.  From their unfancy mac 'n cheese to their shredded lamb sliders to the their fine assortment of salads - you know that you can rest easy in that the food is good.  Furthermore, Jonesy's has a really cozy/comfy atmosphere that is perfect for relaxing and unwinding after a hard week of work.  The extensive beer and wine list, combined with a great happy hour makes this restuarant the perfect after work stop.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2009,10/13/2009,126,120,,8,9>This place totally reminds me of the Berkeley cafes from my college days. The marble topped tables are strewn everywhere and are filled students on laptops or groups of kids having soulful conversations over coffee. It just has that nice homey bohemian-vibe. The front of the cafe is open and sports a nice sidewalk patio if you like your coffee al fresco. The free wi-fi makes it an ideal spot to get work done, but best of all they're open to midnight for all you late night nerds. It can get pretty noisy at night from both the blaring music and the bars and restaurants next door. But for me it just adds to the charm. Coffee is decent, sandwiches are blah. And I finally realized they have wooden pews as seats.. Ohh, I get it.. St. Marks, pews..
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,10/12/2009,257,1564,3,5,8>Despite it's silly name, Kuulture is a good thing.  I love the tart frozen yogurt trend.  Kuulture is in the same vein as Pinkberry, from its froyo and toppings to the pebble flooring and uber-stylish, brightly lit decor.  I tend to stick to the fresh fruit toppings and plain yogurt, though the flavored yogurts are good.If you haven't tried it yet, here's a bit of advice: get a small.  The icy yogurt will give you brain freeze, and finishing anything more than small can be a task for even hearty appetites.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,10/11/2009,95,164,4,7,11>I quickly jumped at my friends suggestion to have brunch here today.  I had tried a tiny little Duffeyroll before and I was excited to go to the mothership.  Nicole laughed at me when I realized that they actually had food too.  I was imagining a meal of nothing but those flaky delights. While that would be ok with me, a breakfast sandwich sounded good also.I ordered the Rising Sun.  It was a little egg souffle with bacon with cheddar cheese and chipotle mayo.  I could smell the herbs in the ciabatta roll before I even took a bite.  It was delicious.  I did add some of their hot sauce to it.  I can't remember what brand they had, but it was really good.  With our meal we each tried a couple of duffeyrolls. I had a maple and a pecanilla. The maple was a bit too sweet.  I tried the orange and irish cream from the box I took home.  The irish cream was sooo amazing.  I especially love the pretty green sprinkles.I ordered a bos of mini duffey rolls to take home to my husband, and maybe for me also.  Little did I know that my sandwich and cappuccino came with another mini.  I love this place.  I especially like the little wax bags they put the minis in.  So cute.  Just like swaddled baby duffeyrolls.The staff was so polite and friendly.  I had a nice relaxing meal with my friend.  Everything was pretty affordable too.  Especially when you take into account the free minis.  What a great start to a day.Side note:  I was able to buy some of the ciabatta rolls (85 cents each) to make garlic bread with tonight.  I was surprised to hear that they were from Aspen Baking Company.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,10/10/2009,164,180,4,3,6>Whiskey.  It makes me wanna drink whiskey.  Or really bad beer in the can.  The second I walk in I am transformed into a different person, blasted back to the tackiest time in history (when I was born).  Metallic. Wallpaper.  Sketchy.  Rock.  Hard Rock, Butt Rock, Hair Rock.  Classic Rock, Metal Rock, on the rocks.  Rock hard hairdos.  Rock on.  They play other stuff sometimes, but really, it's about the Rock.  For you people that don't like this place, you just weren't in the mood.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,10/9/2009,133,419,2,10,9>I have a few crushes.  Chef crushes.  One of the chefs in my crush harem is definitely Frank Bonanno.  They should just rename a stretch of 7th and Grant "Bonanno Blvd.".  It's fitting.Of course, we were really excited to try Bones, which by reading all of the reviews, you know is a stand-out noodle spot.  I couldn't wait to try everything!  The hostess is really nice and seated us immediately.  We took in the decor, which is chic but simple.  Sake bottles line one wall floor to ceiling (they're empty - I checked!), and the kitchen is open to the restaurant.  There's counter seating at the kitchen bar, and tables line the periphery.  It's crowded in there at times, particularly around the door, and I would have been mildly annoyed had I had one of those tables.  However, this gives a more "authentic" hole-in-the-wall feel.  It's a casual place - not Mizuna, Luca, or even Marco.I got a sake flight of four sakes, and my guy got some wine (which he probably wont' do again, since the wine came in a non-swirlable bar glass).  My favorite sake was Bride of the Fox, which is a cool name too!Anyway...on to the food!  We started with the steamed buns - we got two suckling pig and one pork belly.  They were both delicious, but I preferred the suckling pig, as I thought the belly and bun textures were the same.  The suckling pig provided a better contrast against that pillowy, chewy bun dough.(Small digression - it bugs me when things are presented in orders of 3.  The buns, the egg rolls, etc.  All in 3s.  Considering most diners are in multiples of 2, they should make orders of two, or charge an individual price so you can order individually.  That way, you don't have to fight over the third one of anything.)The fried shoshito peppers were delicious as well.  But be careful, there are some hot little suckers in there!  By the time our noodles arrived, my mouth was tingly for sure.My guy got the pork udon and I got the chicken egg noodles.  Wow, both were out of this world!  The pork was sweet and rich, and the chicken was bright and spicy.  I honestly preferred the chicken.  With its lemongrass broth and tender pulled chicken, it was so balanced and light.  I finished my bowl with gusto.  The pork was a little heavier and richer, so we got the remaining portion to go.  I'm sure we're going to be fighting over who gets the leftovers (I'll lose, since it was his entree!).We finished by sharing the Apple Jacks soft serve.  I was a little disappointed, as it wasn't as strong-flavored as I would have liked.  But I like that they change out the flavors regularly.The price is reasonable (with all that food, a sake flight, and a VERY generous tip - the service was excellent!, we were under $100 total).  The menu also changes frequently - he mixes up the eggroll filling, and some of the noodles.  I was expecting to get the chicken quarters in my egg noodles (with that crispy skin I read about) but it was pulled, roasted chicken instead.Overall, a true winner!  We will return again and again.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,10/8/2009,34,238,43,23,16>At first I was not too interested in writing this review because I didn't want to over-share since I'll probably be the only person without lady parts to ever review this place.  And besides, this place is obviously awesome and it's not like another 5-star review is going to bump up their average much.  But after sitting on it for about a week I decided I was comfortable enough with my metrosexuality to write it up and the review has too much entertainment potential to pass on it.  Since they're very discrete for all you know I just have one really hairy big toe, so hairy that it and nothing else needs waxed.  Or maybe I just went to have my uni-brow converted back into a proper pair.   If you believe either of those then God help you, and we should talk more because there are some other facts I'd like to share with you.  Mother nature can be such a cruel bitch.  They were extremely fast both in terms of scheduling and the procedure itself, from getting a parking space to being back in my car was 30 minutes or less.  If only you could still get a pizza that quick.  I was also surprised at how inexpensive the whole thing was especially since there is a no-tipping policy.  The pricing is set up into tiers, and I think I did the level 2 but I think the lower tiers are probably fine if you are just getting simple stuff done.  By simple stuff I mean flat non-sensitive areas relatively free of Chakras and fresh tattoos, etc.  If you're getting a tattoo and waxed in the same week make sure you do them in the right order.  In case you're curious the tattoo I got on my freshly hairless Quadriceps was of Noah's Ark and it is on fire, and there is a Giraffe running away from the Ark with its head on fire while a wolf is biting its leg.  The flames above the ark rise to form the word "Mom."  It's a metaphor for my childhood.  Regardless, I don't see how I could have possibly gotten less painful or quicker waxing work done at any price.  They have a relaxing spa-style atmosphere and it really helps to take away from the fact that what you're visiting for is sometimes a bit painful, but I've confirmed it's way less painful when you let someone professional do it.  Definitely read the suggestions on their web site before you go, too.  It's only hair.  You won't miss it, I swear.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2009,10/7/2009,34,75,5,5,5>I can't think of a better destination to end a morning run than a little creperie that looks like something straight out of "Amelie".The seating isn't overly comfortable, which ultimately assists in the Parisian feel to this place, but trust me when I say that you'll want to sit awhile regardless.Service was good, prices were what I expected-fairly moderate.We ordered one savory crepe, Seafood Provencale and one sweet, Nutella/Blueberry/Strawberry/Banana. They were both presented beautifully and were delicious and satisfying. I let the under-ripe strawberries slide, being winter and you'd have better luck finding the Holy Grail right now than a ripe strawberry.....All in all, a great experience and a wonderful way get back your calories (and then some) after a run! :)
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,10/6/2009,39,141,3,6,4>Picture it - a dark and stormy night and I'm rushing around to get out of the office, pick up my husband, get home, feed the dog and drive 30 minutes north to my best friend's parent's house for her birthday dinner... Wait - I forgot something. Oh that's right - a birthday present! How can you forget a birthday present for your best friend!?! Enter Talulah Jones...Driving toward home I'm in a tizzy (it's after 5 p.m. - everywhere I want to get a gift closes at 5 p.m.) and I'm about to fly through the intersection at 17th and Park Ave. when a warm and inviting storefront catches my eye. Talulah Jones is fronted by gigantic windows and it's like getting a glimpse into a secret garden. The store is every bit as beautiful, warm, welcoming and interesting as you would expect from outside on the street!I was in a super rush when I walked into Talulah Jones and immediately relaxed when I saw all of the wonderful gift options, and at all different price levels. My husband even chuckled a few times when thumbing through the greeting cards. He's not into this kind of store (are any guys?) but I made it clear that he was welcome to stop by Talulah Jones anytime to pick up a gift for me on his way home...I ended up finding a fantastic gift for my friend and a very funny card. The "gift wrap" from Talulah Jones is simple and classy. If you have a friend who treasures interesting, unique gifts, you should stop at Talulah Jones. I will definitely stop by again!
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2008,10/5/2009,397,602,4,3,7>I love dive bars, and Gabor's fits the very definition of one.  Came here to meet some other yelpers for a night out and I was eager to check out this place. Parking kind of sucks though, and I drive a beast of a car so it took me about 10 minutes to park, but I digress.It's dark and has a musty, stale smoke and beer smell. They have funky red furniture. There is a cigarette vending machine and when is the last time you have seen one of those?  They make the cocktails strong but they do not serve much on tap.  The bar food is tasty and deep fried, everything I'd expect from bar food.It's a great neighborhood bar that I'll definitely be coming back to soon, however, next time I'm cabbing it.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,10/3/2009,59,173,3,4,5>Yep, I've already reviewed LC for my own cupcake fanaticism, but I also wanted to share that these little cakes-o-heaven are PERFECT for those office party sweets... I do not DARE to forego bringing in a dozen LC cupcakes for someone's birthday at work, or I might get fired or possibly decapitated. :)   The flavors and the ingredients speak to everyone at the office, from our organic-driven business manager to our chocolate-addict assistant director.  Don't believe me?  I'll show you the texts I get on my phone when I'm running late for an office birthday party b/c everyone is hoping I am bringing the LC cupcakes! :)
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,10/2/2009,110,100,,9,6>I've been going to this Shabu-Shabu place for over a year now.  I really enjoy it and honestly I don't think there's another restaurant in Colorado that exclusively does Shabu-Shabu.Shabu-Shabu is the Japanese version of hotpot.  It's generally very healthy and gives you the opportunity to have a lot of control in what you eat and how it's cooked.The first decision you have is the flavor of the broth.  My boyfriend is really all about simplicity, so he adds no flavor to the pot.  A flavor like miso is going to be on the mild/subtle side whereas other flavors are going to be more noticeable.  I personally really enjoy the fish broth, even when I'm eating the prime rib plate.The best part is being able to cook the meats and veggies yourself.  The broth in the pot is hot enough to cook the meat very quickly.  You dip the meat in for a couple of seconds and you quickly notice the change from pink to gray.  Of course, the more rare you like it, the less you dunk it, and the more well-done, the longer.If you are Japanese you probably grew up on this stuff and may find that you could easily do this at home.  However, if you didn't grow up on this, and don't have the tools at home to do it yourself,  I think it's a really fun and enjoyable new way to eat delicious and good for you food.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,10/1/2009,114,246,2,5,5>I have been wanting to try Los Carboncitos ever since I read about it on Doug Y's Mexican Food List ( yelp.com/list/mexican-fo ).  Check it out, he's got some great recomendations, and Los Carboncitos is one of them.  Anyway, I've driven past this bright yellow building on 38th and Pecos many times on my way home from work, and since I knew right where it was it made it a lot easier for me to want to go there.  My wife and I were feeling overly lazy one evening and didn't feel like cooking, so I shared my knowledge of Los Carboncitos.  "I know right where it is!  We don't even have to Mapquest it!  Oh yeah, and all of the Yelpers say it's great too!"So we hit it.  Ordered some Carboncitos al pastor as an appetizer.  Sure, they're a little greasy but that's a good thing in my book.  Crispy tostadas smeared with refrieds, covered in pork and then smothered in cheese.  Hell yeah!  And the 4-banger of salsa that they bring to the table had us trying an different salsa with every bite.  Then we each had a taco to cleanse our palates so to speak.  Wife had the Taco Al Pastor.  I had the Taco De Bistec.  The brightness of pinapple on the pastor taco really had me wanting about 5 more, and the steak taco reminded me of a little place not too far from the beach in Playa Del Carmen.  Matt P. , you know what I'm talking about.  Aca Los Tacos.  Check it out next time you're in Mexico.  As we were still chowing down our tacos, our shared main dish arrived...Huarache de Pollo con Carne Al Pastor, because, you know we hadn't had enough pork yet.  All I can say is that it was delicious.  So damn tasty, and large enough that, coupled with the food we had already eaten, we had enough to take home and have the next morning.  Yeah, we had it for breakfast.  I popped the leftovers on my Griddler (best gift ever!), scrambled some eggs with some of the leftover salsa verde and cheese, and we went to town.  Damn good way to start a Saturday.  So, let me boil it down for you.  Los Carboncitos....YUM!
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,9/30/2009,105,103,2,10,6>This review is for the carnitas plate and the service, which are both solidly five stars. The carnitas plate (available Fri and Sat only) is on my short list of last meals on earth. It includes perfectly cooked chunks of pork, guac, standard rice and beans, and the most heavenly grilled onions anywhere. Eating onions = tummy trouble for me, but I can't stop myself from eating all of mine and then poaching off other peoples plates. I try to limit myself to plates that are on my table, and so far social mores have kept me in check, but I can't make any long term promises. Fellow diners beware! The chips I believe are homemade, but there is something imperfect about them. However, I like the salsa enough to do my share of damage to the complimentary basket that they bring. The margs are pretty good, though they use a mix vs. fresh lime. The regular bartender is one of the family member/owners and it is not unusual for him to send a free tequila shot to the table after dinner. Awesome! The servers are really friendly and even when all the tables are full manage to make sure we are happy with our food and our thirst is properly quenched. I can't vouch for the other menu items, they are OK, but probably not 5 star outstanding. My 11 years of experience eating here advise to get the carnitas plate on a Fri or Sat night.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,9/29/2009,154,74,2,5,7>Mmmmmimosas! And Waffles! And some guy who spoke in a fake British (I think) accent singing one song over and over again on stage instead of cartoons....this man I could do without. The waffles, service and drinks I'll definitely return for!We got to Lakeside Waffles around noon and while I was disappointed not to experience the amazingness of cartoons in the Oriental theater I was super stoked on my waffle experience. Facing the ever pressing issue of Sweet vs. Savory Brunch meals I chose the Yo Yo. A waffle topped with spinach, brie, tomatoes and balsamic vinegar. YUM. PLUS Jesse convinced me to get a side of some beer involved syrup, which was freaking delicious. Brian the bartender was both hilarious and attentive. I never had an empty glass! $5 bottomless Mimosa = Happy Sunday for me! Waffles were reasonably priced and filling too. Sidenote:I've also had a peanut butter banana waffle during a show at the Oriental and it's a little decadent... but tasty!
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,9/28/2009,456,160,4,12,11>I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! It is consistently my favorite deli in town. I don't drive, so I don't mind the parking. I would just suggest off hours or on street parking. Get the Pickles and sauerkraut! Try the half soured one. It's the bright green one. See how it still tastes like a cucumber, while being pleasantly "pickled" at the same time? Try the combination #1 grilled. on light rye you get a combination of corned beef I dream about, pastrami (I think the best I have ever eaten that wasn't homemade) with coleslaw and house made Russian dressing. Amazing!! The Latkes are great, and splurge sometime and try smoked sable instead of salmon, wow! The sweets, esp the previously mentioned lemon bars are FANTASTIC (Thanks, Kat!) You just can't miss this place, especially if you like a good deli.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,9/27/2009,103,577,2,7,8>Bang is good 'ole comfort food. When you don't live close enough to your parents and/or are not very good at cooking and you are craving a taste of home, this is where you should go. I admit, it took me a while to try this place out because I thought paying $15 a plate for some meatloaf and some mashed potatoes was quite pricey. Then, I finally decided to go and I really enjoyed my experience and food. Plus, the value seemed really decent. If you are not very hungry, you can always order off of the "smaller plate" menu that run about $7 a plate. Their dessert list is always amazing sounding as well, but you must order the gingerbread cake. So delicious. The atmosphere is even home-like and cozy, which is also very nice. It is also very quirky and fun that you enter the restaurant through the back patio's door and the kitchen is on full display in the front, on 32nd.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,9/26/2009,25,56,3,4,6>You have to admit this place is pretty sweet...I mean, consider the elevation of the store is of a CASTLE ENTRANCE. Yea, wicked cool. I've purchased wigs and other various whimsical items here on an ad hoc basis, and always end up browsing around longer than intended. Maybe its just me, but I can't walk past a crazy mask without trying it on in front of a mirror. They also have a good Ben Nye makeup collection for hardcore theatre purposes. I believe they have some great starter makeup kits, which is what I used when I first started in musical theatre over 9 years ago in high school. Ah yes...great memories. You will find some high quality costumes here, not that trashy plastic stuff that you find at Target the night before Halloween. My only complaint is that its the typical Cherry Creek parking situation (blah!). I'll deal, but only because this place totally rules.NOTE TO BRIDES: I snagged an "invisible" pen here to mark my RSVPs on the back with a number to correspond with guest names in case they forgot to fill theirs out! This little trick comes in handy, especially when you have absent-minded guests. One side of the pen is the "ink," and the other side has a black light to read your "secret message" in. :)
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2009,9/25/2009,91,139,4,10,8>Oh good lord. It was my first time here, though I've driven by frequently. I have to disagree with a couple other reviewers about the people hanging out in the parking lot. They're just trying to sell their wares and I didn't find them threatening at all. They were all very nice and respectful. Don't fear them. They're just trying to make a buck. Anywhooo This place is incredible. The produce was plentiful and cheap. Some things I haven't seen since I lived in the Philippines. (my ONLY issue with this shopping experience was that they only had black plantains. No green. No yellow) I know I mentioned how cheap the produce was. I just need to make sure you heard me. It was cheap. On to the panaderia. Amazing. I have to say that I didn't get anything from there, but the pastries, cookies, and breads that they were creating back there...right before my eyes, was a beautiful thing. I stood there mesmerized for a few minutes...but I had to keep moving. On to the carneceria. There was so much meat going on. The prices, like the produce, were cheap. Beef, chicken... Oh, the pork. So much pork. Butts, shoulders, feet and stuff. I love pork. There was just so much meat to choose from. I've never seen a meat dept so busy. Seriously. You'd think there was a fire sale or something. On to the seafood. I didn't hang out there for too long, but it was just about as big, and everything seemed fresh. No offending fishy smell that some seafood depts have. (a sign of not so fresh fish) The center section of the store had so many things that I've not seen before, but have had in my food. Seasonings and canned fruits. Different marinades. Beans galore. Adobo this, mojo that. They had a little place towards the front of the store where you could buy hot food to go, or eat it in their little dining area. It all looked fab (I walked by a couple people sitting in the dining area.  I wanted to sample what was on their plate.  But they didn't look like they wanted to share), but I'm trying to lose weight, so I didn't order anything. I didn't even go over to the counter, as I feared that my stomach would have gotten the best of my brain and I'd be rolling out of there an hour later. Yes. I can put away some latin fare. This place is going to be a regular stop for me. The produce and meat alone are reasons to make a special trip.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2008,9/24/2009,118,148,4,7,3>Oh, Lala. How I love thee. Let me count the ways. 1. The atmosphere. Lovely decor. Clean without being cold. Fun(ny) art. Big tables. Bigger windows. Cozy lighting. 2. The service. Attentive but not over bearing. Honest recommendations. Fast but in a calm, relaxed way. Is that possible?3. The food. I LOVE Proto's. This is Proto's style, but with more Italian influence. Bubbly, crispy crust. Fresh, high quality ingredients. French press coffee for 2 anyone? Yes please! I know that only seems like 3 ways, but I happen to remember high school math, so it is 3 ways to the Nth power. HA! Take that! Infinite ways!!
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,9/23/2009,190,292,8,12,11>I love the smell of old books. If I could turn the musty scent that just cries out for a person to curl up on a threadbare armchair and waste hours lost in a good mystery, I'd do it. Black & Read OWNS this particular aroma. An impromptu visit last night had me yearning for more time and energy to really give this gem the attention it deserves.The book selection is outstanding. If you're looking for anything from cookbooks to suspense to smutty historical romance (dirty little secret just aired right there), they've got it covered at a ridiculously affordable price.There's a decent-sized corner full of kids' books, too, but no where to actually sit down and thumb through what's available. This is not a good place for little kids, which is why I can't throw the five stars at it. My daughter was wiggling like a fish in my arms the entire time we were in there, and there are zero places in that store that allow for the frolicking of toddlers.Due to time constraints and the fact that I was practically asleep on my feet, I didn't even wander into the music section, but rest assured, I will be back.  Furthermore, if I ever decide that yes, I do want to toss about 20-sided dice and discuss trolls and mages and whatnot in significantly greater detail with friends while eating Cheetos and discussing the upcoming Ren Faire with unbridled enthusiasm, I think I know the place to satisfy all my gaming needs as well.And yes, that last paragraph consisted of just one sentence.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,9/22/2009,210,385,,16,13>Still a super-enthusiastic five stars!! We booked a birthday dinner for 16 people at Chili Verde last weekend, and we got the rock-star treatment. They actually CLOSED THE RESTAURANT FOR US!! I mean, come on. Who does that?? The owners and servers were so gracious and accommodating (in ways I can't even begin to describe), and everything was-- again-- delish. If you don't order the Poblano Crepes, there's something wrong with you. Order the Poblano Crepes. Oh, and the Chicken Flautas. Do it. Thank you so much for a fabulously fun evening, Chili Verde! We'll keep coming back!!
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,9/21/2009,27,43,3,6,8>Geeks Who Drink headmaster J. Dicker once brilliantly quipped about putting a single mushroom on layaway here. Still, living next door to Marczyk's is a treat, provided that I limit the treat to one special meal a week. Lot's of unique finds in store here and the selection of meats and cheeses is mighty impressive. If you're willing to splurge in order to prepare a dinner meant to impress, you can easily find all the fixins needed to prepare a dish that could easily pass off as the end result of a Food Network Challenge. Sure the unSafeway is a few blocks away, but when you see the words "gourmet" there it's just a marketing ploy, whereas here it means quality. Bonus points for shelf space paid to local, artisan foodie goods  While the pre-prepared dinners have always been hit or miss for me, the deli sandwiches and soups have always been a top-notch lunch option. The Boar's Head behind the deli counter, and really the place as a whole, takes me back to my days living in a-list Brooklyn. Thus it's fitting that it has the tendency to be the kind of place you grab a number of odds and ends on the way out (I'm certain to grab some ginger beer for late night, authentic Dark & Stormys and either a frou frou candybar or the underrated carmel-creme joy that is a cowtail). The sidewalk burger nights during the summer (and the still memorable pig roast) are just one of the many ways the shop goes out of it's way to endear itself with an aura of neighborhood-friendliness. As such, it's become quite a cornerstone to the Uptown area.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,9/20/2009,164,209,7,14,8>I've been hunting for good fry bread for more than a decade.  When I was but a little girl, I took a road trip with my parents to the 4-corners area where I had my first delicious bite of fry-bread from a road-side stand. I've thought about that fry bread more than I should over the years, and I never found anything to fill that gaping hole forever reserved for fry bread. Along comes Tocabe.  Sure I knew it was around, but I never ventured to try it.  Maybe I was afraid of disappointment, maybe I wasn't thrilled about the idea of a Chipotle-style knockoff.  No matter what the reason, I was silly for having waited this long. Let's get it out of the way, the fry bread is amazing. But what else is great?  The hominy salsa! The ancho (?) chile sauce! The amazing customer service. I wish they offered another cheese, a cotija would be awesome, though I don't really know what passes for authentic in American Indian cuisine. Either way I can't wait to go back, even though I still have some extra fry bread tucked away in my purse for later.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,9/19/2009,202,82,,11,5>I have to admit, after my last Pho experience where there was nothing vegetarian and I ate a $6 bowl of plain rice noodles with no broth, I have not been too eager to try Pho again.  However my friend assured me that this place really did have a vegetarian broth.  The small bowl of noodles I ordered, #21 Vegetarian Pho, came out a little bit later than everyone else's but was overflowing with noodles and all kinds of veggies.  I managed to add some Sriracha, jalapeños, bean sprouts, basil and lemongrass from the heaping plate of extras they bring out and the size of my meal looked quite intimidating.  The broth was tasty and the noodles and veggies were just right.  I slurped down half of it before I was completely full.  A great deal at $5.  It's nice to know this place is vegetarian/vegan friendly so I don't have to bail out on any more Pho outings!  Oh and I tried some of the Taro and Green Tea boba and they were tasty as well.
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2009,9/18/2009,120,135,,6,7>There's something to be said when you get a new outfit, new pair of shoes or great haircut!After snowboarding season ended and I wasn't wearing a helmet 4 days a week, it was time for a makeover. I had heard Rachel at Babooshka was the color specialist of Denver, so I headed there. I gave her freedom to do what she wanted for both cut and color as long chunks of my beautiful hair got chopped and fell to the ground. I was concerned, but I trusted her...After two trips (one for cut and one for color) I felt like a new me!My hair looks absolutely amazing! I've never been happier with a new change, it looks fantastic, up, down, and everything in between!As far as the rest of Babooshka, I love the unique art work on the wall and it's run exactly the way a salon should be. It's fun, clean, contemporary and has cold PBR for your drinking delight while you get your hair done. My only regret when it comes to my trips to Babooshka is that I wanted to tip more, but it was all I had on me! Don't get me wrong, I tipped, but I'll be tipping even more next time. My hair looks salon great everyday with very little effort and that's priceless!Thank you Babooshka for being phenomenal and I look forward to our hair future together. Thank you Rachel for the new me! Please don't ever leave the Denver Metropolis!
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,9/17/2009,68,174,,7,10>This is a little treasure tucked in between a salon and a fine jewelry store.  The staff here is always willing to help or find something to match what I'm working on.  They have a huge selection of glass beads that are sorted by color and a few ceramic stuff also.  They have a smaller-ish collection of semiprecious (my fav), but on the downside the individual pieces are behind glass so you have to ask for each tray.  That being said, the staff has always been really patient getting those out for me, even though for a while before Christmas I was in that store for over two hours trying to do all my gift making in one fell swoop.    For being somewhat on the smaller side their prices are reasonable.  And as a trade secret, they allow you to use a competitor's coupon once a week.  So being my mother's daughter I usually stop there at least every other week.  It's really nice especially if you see that strand of kyanite that is beautiful but also a quarter of my paycheck.  They also offer classes in the smaller back room that range from metal wire pounding to stringing.  I've taken one so far, and it was pretty informative.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,9/16/2009,56,131,,7,6>In my opinion, here is the way to do Sasa:Make a reservation at the sushi bar, and sit up close to watch Chef Wayne.Start a diablo roll.....and then on to Omakase!!!! Holy cow, this is good!You can do it in $60, $80, $100 levels...I usually do the $100 and tell him it is for 2....They divide everything on to 2 plates (and really almost the same amount of food as if you both did $100 individually).  During this tasting some of courses are tartar, oysters, crab, their famous black cod, sashimi....other things that you would never know to order.  I have had such a great experience every time I have done this...never disappointed.  When you watch the chefs, you can see how much thought, prep, and artfulness go into everything they make.  Presentation was/is amazing...but, don't attempt to take any pictures (like me)....not "zen"...
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,9/15/2009,22,190,3,7,7>I enjoyed the fact that Marco and staff were extremely accommodating and made us feel like we were eating in someone's home, rather than a restaurant.  We ordered 2 pizzas: the Abruzzo and something meat. (I'm a vegetarian, so I don't remember, but it had proscuito and spinach, I think.)  It was a thin, soft and crunchy crust, just the right amount of cheese and sauce.  The wine selection was much better than I had expected and so were the desserts.  I told the owner that I had such a happy savory experience and didn't want to ruin it by eating something sweet.  I explained that I was totally jaded from the desserts I've sampled in the Denver area thus far, and was happy to end my meal right there.Then he came with lemoncello, a cannoli, and tiramisu.  And then I seriously thought, "oh no, I'm not going to like this..."  You know what?  I was finally wrong!  It tasted like I was back in North Beach where Italian food is scary authentic.  And, I absolutely hate mixed, sugary drink-types.  The lemoncello? Perfect.Had an excellent time here and would definitely frequent this place.  Thank you, Marco, for understanding and entertaining this west-coast foodie!!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,9/14/2009,122,182,7,4,8>Great bowling movies, ok just bowling Movies! Big Lebowski & King Pin, if they were to ever film a bowling movie in Denver this is where is would be filmed! This place has character, on any given day you could see Walter Sobchack, The Dude & Donny bowling on lane 4 while Roy Munson and Ernie McCraken go at it on lane 10, and Michael Moore might be doing something for Columbine on Lane 8. It is small and it is old, the they do have the standard up to date electronic computer controlled scoring systems with the new fangled graphics, I wish it would have been the old school pong style scoring system with the block letters and minimal graphics. There is a cool small bar in the back behind the counter where you get your shoes and pay for this leisure activity. We had a work outing here and they put out some brats and burgers for us, This is a bowling alley and the bar on your expectations on the food are is pretty low, however the brats were exceptional and I forgot to ask what brand they were because I would eat them again.Admittedly I am not a very good bowler, I honestly go just to see how hard I can throw the ball and one cool thing most alleys do now a days is show you the speed of your ball, I however have a gripe here I think they have a regulator and or the MPH readout is capped at 23.3 MPH because there is no way I could throw that exact MPH on 6 straight balls.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,9/13/2009,342,357,3,13,7>Yelp, once again, did not let me down with this place.  Reading the reviews after the mac & cheese tour informed me they have stuffed burgers.  I immediately thought that I *needed* to try it.  When I checked out their online menu I saw that one burger was stuffed with jalapenos and cream cheese.  Excuse me?!?!  That was it.  I had to go.Fast forward 1 month later, and my husband was in the mood for fish and chips.  As I am not a seafood fan, I racked my brain, knowing that there was an Irish Pub I wanted to try for some reason.  Finally I remembered the infamous stuffed burger...and we were on our way.I fell in love with this place immediately upon walking in.  Such a chill and laid back atmosphere.  I felt comfortable right away, as it has a great neighborhood bar feel.  The service was great, and I appreciated the honesty of the bartenders when asked a question about the food (i.e. informing my husband that the fish comes frozen and already battered, when he asked how good it was).And now the food: unbelievable.  I started with an order of Jamaican Jerk Wings.  I usually only eat boneless wings, but for some reason I was in a wing mood (which NEVER happens).  These wings were exactly what I was wanting: perfectly cooked (well done and crispy), with an amazing sauce (great jerk flavor, spicy and a little sweet).  A mimosa (only $3 on Sundas) and a Newcastle later we decided to order our entrees.  I ordered the The Peter Piper Burger:  Stuffed with Jalapenos and Cream Cheese, topped with Pepper Jack and served with a smoky chipotle mayonnaise.  One of the best burgers I have EVER had!  It had such a great grill flavor...reminded me of summer, grilling burgers in the backyard on a little charcoal grill...absolute happiness.  The bun was a perfect match: toasted Ciabatta bun...not too much bread, and just soft enough to soak up the juices without falling apart.  The chipotle mayo was a perfect smokey partner to the spicy and creamy filling.  Their fries were also pretty fantastic: freshly cut and perfectly cooked (crispy).I kept talking about how awesome that burger was for the rest of the night...and the next day.  I can't wait to go back to have it again.  My husband also really liked his food.  Couple that with the ambiance, and we have found a new favorite place to grab some pub food and hang out...while quizzing each other using the Trivial Pursuit cards on the bar.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2009,9/12/2009,160,455,4,9,4>Minnie k's review here drove me to drop in this last gem for tonight.  I love Star of India and will miss it when I relocate to the NW Quadrant next month.The owner is very cool and always offers me a small glass of mango lassi if I am getting a take-out order.  Heaven, is thy holy drink Mango Lassi?  If not, it should be. *soooooooooooooo* yummy.  perfect sweetness, perfect texture -- for me, anyways...The naan is fresh, soft and warm/hot as naan should be.  Their garlic naan in particular has fresh garlic and cilantto which tastes so yummy, it does to me what a raw, dripping steak does to a vicious, starved doberman.  They have about 8 different kinds of naan bread here, the alu naan is also quite delicious with smushed up potatoes and peas, and I've also had the kabuli naan with cashew nuts and raisins which was very unique and scrumptious as well -- if a bit off the standard naan path.Yes, Virginia, there is a website for this bit of Indian nirvana - starofindiadenver.com is the place.I have had many dishes there: the vegetable korma, aloo mutter, chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, butter lamb...the list goes on.  They have a balanced carnivore and vegetarian menu - the meat choices are lamb, chicken, chicken tikka shrimp and fish.  Then you can combine it with any sauce they have there (counts menu -- that'd be 9) for unique fare.  One outstanding choice they have available is their tandoori shrimp.  The menu says it is "jumbo prawns" -- and they are NOT lying.  These monsters are as big as an 8-10 yr old's fist.  Seared to perfection and then served with a tasty melange of onions and bell peppers.  I didn't think it was possible to find mutant prawns in the Denver area...but they are here and waiting for you if you're a shrimp lover.The decor is very pretty and adds to the illusion of escape from the every day.  If you are lucky they can seat you in one of the back room areas where (at least 1-2 years ago) you can sit down on big cushions and devour your tasty viands, all to the wafting Indian music being played over the sound system.They have the standard stock beers available here as well as tasty Indian ones too.  And you may need one if you order your food spicy here.  Food can be spiced anywhere from "just a smidge" to "set my mouth on fire".I have not had the lunch buffet here but I understand it is extremely tasty and has a wide variety of items, although it is a bit pricey.  Wednesday night they have a special vegetarian buffet for those who want to sample various vegetarian delights instead of being locked down to just 1 (or whatever your dining partners will let you sample).This place seriously rocks - it's a true gem amongst the coal of its neighboring stores in a strip mall (an ARC or Goodwill store (I forget which) and a cool Indian grocery which boarded up a few years back).  I like India's, Little India, Bombay Clay Oven and others, but this place trumps those slightly.  Enjoy if you go here -- and check out at least a small glass of lassi!  Yummmmmmmmmmm. =)
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,9/11/2009,20,66,,6,6>Yay for Mop Factory Salon! It is simply the cutest, little salon I've ever seen... The price is reasonable and Andee is great! My mom is visiting this week, so we went in last night to get our hairs did. She went for a big change, I wanted to get closer to my natural color and Andee gave us both exactly what we were looking for. She did such a great job in fact, that my mom is flying back in May for a touch-up! Whether you're looking for off-the-wall or something low maintenance, she gets it. I found Andee on Yelp when she was working at her former salon. I had just moved to Denver from Chicago (where I had just found a salon I really liked, so I was doing my research!) and after reading all the great reviews I booked an appointment that day. She gave me one of the best hair cuts I've had in a while! To sum it up, if you're looking for a change (or a trim) for the right price, try Mop Factory! And if you just moved here, give it a shot... I'll bet you love it!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2009,9/10/2009,135,320,5,7,6>I found a new used bookstore - ooh an oxymoron!  Anyway it is new to me and it said "Grand Opening" in the window so I am assuming it is new and it sells used books.It looks like they are just up and running.  They are still stocking the shelves.  Organized well - The place is large so there will be plenty of space to expand.   Somewhat cavernous and not lit the best - but hey its a used bookstore.  As the name states: $2 buck books - paperbacks are $2, hardbacks $4 and they have a couple tables of $1 paperbacks.  From doing a browse around they have an assortment of newer titles mixed with an assortment of older.  I am going to give this place a few weeks and come back - I am curious to see what kind of selection they have when all of the boxes are unpacked.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2009,9/9/2009,44,87,2,7,3>happy, happy, joy, joy, happy, happy - joy joy!the tasty and inexpensive food puts the exclamation point on the good vibe this place dishes out.the portions are generous; a personal pizza is plenty for 2 peeps, and the pies have great crust, savory sauce, and generous toppings.the Kitchen Sink calzone was bigger than my head.there's beer and wine available to squeeze the outside corners of your eyes, if you're into that sort of thing.the music made me happy.  there is a great variety of jazz, Stones, and mambo.(I'd like to mention that our waitress, Sonya, was the best that I've experienced in a long time.)
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,9/8/2009,137,230,7,9,7>I'd go to this store everyday if I lived closer!  Every time I come here, I have to get their fried dumplings (the styrofoam trays on the table by the seafood dept).  Tasty, even at room temperature!  This is the only other store besides Pacific Mercantile where I can get my frozen Ajinomoto brand shumai and gyoza, waffle ice cream, Apollo choco, and Ramune soda.  If I'm lucky, the goods section will have a few cute bento boxes.  I get my frozen ahi here for sashimi and it has always tasted good.  Sometimes they have food samples and you can try some weird, tasty stuff for free.  Be prepared, this place gets busy.  Expect long lines and people running you over with their cart.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,9/7/2009,80,214,11,9,6>Hot hot hot, but I suppose Yoga places are sometimes HOT?I went here for my first yoga experience.  I did a "power" class in the middle of the day and it was pleasant enough.  First timers get a week of unlimited classes for $25.  They gave me a mat and a towel because I didn't know any better.  I felt GREAT after the class, but there were some hangups, so here is my advice to you if you too are new to this yoga thing:-bring water- shhhh don't walk into class and try to chat everyone up, there seems to be a secret silent code- when you arrive, pretend to meditate or stretch, that's what everyone else will be doing- don't wear socks- don't bring all of your stuff in to the room, ie keys, wallet, down jacket, leave it all outside in the cubby holes- sit at the back of the roomThis should help you get through the awkward first day.  From there, you're on your own.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2009,9/6/2009,260,513,2,11,6>The Husband needed a special celebration a few weeks ago and we decided on Solera. We have eaten here several times before and it is always good. I think between the 6 of us we had a little bit of everything. The Cheese plate and truffle fries started off the evening. I had the beet salad and nightly vegetable soup which was just perfect and others enjoyed Halibut, pork chops, salmon to name a few. I heard a few grumblings about overcooked fish and under cooked pork chop but nothing was sent back. I love sitting in the patio area as it seems you are visiting a neighbor's garden. Service was good and  attentive. The wine drinkers in the group were satisfied with the wine menu and I was happy with the beer selection.Three.5 stars is more than A-OK for the overall experience and Goose Sorensen's seasonal menu is 4 stars. However, I am going to have to knock one/half star off for the ridiculous valet service. I know it was a weekend night and usually more diners but Denver was playing in the NBA playoffs at the time so it was less busy than usual. So you drive into the parking lot and are stopped by the large movable valet parking sign. You were expected to give your keys to a valet who then drove your car three feet into the parking slot. The husband was cranky about this and drove around the corner to park. One of our friends was fine with it as she said the valet was somebody's son needing a summer job.  I say, let us park our cars in the lot and if it gets filled, have the valet park on the street. Let these kids at least earn their money. And yes, I will be back.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2009,9/5/2009,237,363,5,25,15>The Park Hill Community Book Store is the Cat's Pajamas! There are amazing finds on the shelf, three levels of books to peruse, and the benefits of membership are amazing! This book store is unlike any I've ever seen before, and I've seen a lot. Yes, you can walk in off the street and pick up a new or used paperback, hardback, kid's book or collectible book for a few dollars just like at any used book store. But the real beauty of this book store lies in their unique membership exchange program. For only $15/year I got an individual membership and started off with 10 book credits. [Families=$20, Students and Seniors=$10] Paperback books cost you 1 credit, hardback 2. You earn 1/2 a credit for bringing in paperbacks and 1 credit for hardbacks. Any books they don't select are donated to area charities making sure no book goes to waste.  (Right now they are collecting books in Spanish to send to libraries in Nicaragua.) You can have hundreds of credits or even negative credits. Not all the books in the store are available for the trade system, but 2/3 of the collection I would say is. If you wish to buy a book that isn't available for trade as a member you get a 7.72% discount, this applies to new books too! The store is run completely by volunteers dedicated to their local community and to the love of reading and is governed by a board of members. I think because everyone chooses to be there, they are especially friendly and welcoming! I love that they are open 7 days a week. They will special order books you are looking for and even multiple copies to accommodate book clubs. As a librarian, this place is impossible not to ADORE.In these tough economic times, this is the BEST deal for readers in town (after the library, of course!!) and I can't recommend it highly enough!
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2009,9/4/2009,202,253,,11,6>I was expecting to be completely throw up against the wall wowed and that did not happen. I really really like the decor that is 5 stars all the way! the food was ok... I will agree that the hush puppies were BOMB! I had the mussels and they really fell flat for me... They were good don't get me wrong but I wanted a little more flava! The flatbread was ok, the pesto was good. The cheese sticks were cool. I like semolina and that was the breading! It was REALLY loud for the amount of people that were in the place... I really had a hard time chatting with someone right across from me! I liked my wine but I will also agree that topping off my wine was weird... and how the heck do I know if I got the whole glass I payed for??? The server was really nice. The matchbooks are friggin cool... I collect matchbooks and these are up there with coolest i have seen! Good place I will have to eat dinner to see if I can get the 5 star experience everyone is raving about!! : ) I did not see an actual sign... maybe i missed it.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,9/3/2009,128,109,,8,7>So here's an update, but it's not of another visit to the shop, it's of the products that I have now been using for a week.  I mean a place like this is only as good as the products they sell, right?At the spa party, I picked up Beautiful You starter kit including the Lavender Silk cleanser, Sacred Oils face serum, Neroli face spritz and Apricot Rose face cream.  I also got the triple rose mask and Pulp Friction salt massage.My daily routine is now cleanse with the lavender silk, shower, dab the sacred oil under my eye area (not RIGHT under but in the crows feet breeding grounds), mist with the neroli spritz and then all over with the apricot rose. Since starting the routine I have had zero breakouts and my skin looks better than it has in a LONG time.The rose mask is superb, not overly drying and as a weekly addon I cleanse, use the mask, dampen my skin all over and hop in the (turned off) shower to scrub down with Pulp Friction.The salt massage may be a little harsh for some people, but it's perfect for me and my ultra dry skin, weekly use keeps me from getting too flaky and dry and I tingle all over afterwards.So since the proof is in the products and their continued use, my 4 star review is now a 5 star review.  Moon Dance stuff is gentle enough for continued used on normal 30something skin (I can't speak to ultra sensitive) and I will be going back soon to replenish what I need One note, I am finding that with most of these products a little goes a long way, so while the prices may seem high to some, the value will show itself over time.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,9/2/2009,214,247,3,7,8>A good quick stop for a snack or a meal.  You probably haven't heard of half the stuff on the menu -- it's that authentic.  Take a menu home and use Google to acquaint yourself with the unfamiliar goodies. In the mornings until 11, they serve breakfast as well as the full  menu. Everything we've tried is good to great.  My son loves the Super Fritanga hamburger that stands about four inches tall and includes ham, bacon, a hot dog, avocado, and yes, pineapple along with other deluxe burger toppings.  I love the chicharron burrito.  The most expensive menu item is under $15, but there are many entrees for half that or even less.  You won't believe the amount of meat you get in the number 2 (chicken) combination plate. The shrimp with bacon and cheese (camarones rellenos) are impressive. The tamales are excellent and meaty, covered in masa that's light and tasty rather than sodden. The milanesa plate is excellent. Less impressive: the shrimp al mojo de ajo. The garlic butter sauce is just okay, and the meal is much less filling than the shrimp with bacon and cheese. I don't care for their chile relleno. I like more cheese inside the chile, and I like the whole thing fried in an egg-and-flour batter or even (gasp) the bastardized version in an egg roll wrapper. The Fritangas version is wrapped in a very thin omelet, just egg, which has been fried separately. To their credit the chile itself is plump, tender, and tasty, and it's probably a whole lot healthier this way; but I just don't care much for it.And...there's no alcohol. Sigh.On the plus side, a huarache will easily feed two people unless one of them is Godzilla. The large shrimp cocktail is a dozen shrimp served in a mix of spiced tomato juice, avocado, cucumber, tomato, onion, and cilantro. Squeeze in the lime, and wish for some vodka. I eat every drop of this tasty conglomeration.The fruit drinks are huge and tasty and made to order; you can get combinations of the various flavors. The fruit cocktail is huge and looks absolutely delectable. One negative note: We had the strawberries and cream; it looked as delicious as it does in the picture on the dessert menu, but the berries were frozen when served to us. It might be great to go on a hot, hot day; but indoors in air conditioning, I found the dessert to be too tooth-chilling to be pleasurable. It was good at home after it thawed out, though.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,8/31/2009,214,316,6,8,9>So after going from bar to bar to play trivia at Geeks Who Drink we finally settled on a home base and Cap City does feel like home. :::clicking ruby red slippers together::::Let me explain---1. GREAT waitstaff. Friendly, efficient, and always topping off my iced tea and keeping our table from having beer or liquor withdrawals!2. For trivia purposes only...but, best sound system of all the places I have been. It's hard enough to deceiver German spoken pop music covers without the sound quality sucking....see my point?3. Another trivia related star but Becky the quiz master is Shabbadabba doo! Yeah that's Andeespeak for AWESOME!4. The food can be hit or miss, but I have had more hit than miss. Love their Diablo burger. They have jalapenos on them! Fresh ones at that. Their fries are terribly addicting. I recently had a red pepper feta dip with pita triangles that I absolutely loved.5. It's comfy! Nice half circle booths.See ya on Tuesday!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,8/30/2009,79,146,3,8,9>Sweet Action indeed!  You walk into the open airy space and not only do you want a scoop of delicious ice cream (sorbet, float, or even a popsicle) but you want to hang out, chat with friends and enjoy your tasty treat.Vanilla porter?  Garam masala?   White Russian?  Oh yes!  There are those and many, many more.  Sample away until you find just what you are looking for.  I did!  I ended up with the pomegranate sorbet and the lime sorbet, and yes I did have two scoops.  I finished them both lickity split!  nom, nom, nom.SoBo has needed something like this for along time and now we have it.  I cannot wait until the weather warms up so I'll have even more reason to stroll over to Sweet Action.  Did I mention the ice cream sammiches?  Well, they've got those, too.  Maybe I'll just head on back now...
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,8/28/2009,60,90,7,2,4>Increasing to five stars because on Thursday I suddenly realized my hair had been neglected for months and looked like a blob.  Called Vain and got an appointment for the next day.  Tina was awesome as ever and my head of hair no longer feels or looks like a mop.  Instead, it has climbed the corporate ladder and is ready for a power lunch and some productive project progression.P.S.  I splurged and bought baby shampoo and conditioner to take with me on travels.  I am amused by most things miniature.  I think this is because they offer a slightly altered view of reality.  It's like they are a preview of the newness you will experience when traveling to different places with them.  I suppose anything that suggests mobile adventures makes me giddy.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,8/27/2009,116,230,,5,8>I love this place. Quick, gourmet eats at reasonable prices. I'm not a breakfast person, especially not a go-out-for-breakfast person. But their strata is tasty -- they have nice flavor, using things like sundried tomatoes or green chiles. You can stop in for an early breakfast or a late lunch, have a nice coffee seated at the bar, and enjoy your meal on a real plate, with real silverware (or get stuff for takeout). All this for little more $ than you would pay for cardboard food at Starbucks. They have soups, too --single portions that are ready to go with nice accompaniments. Every Sunday they have delicious chicken tortilla soup; they'll include just enough avocado, white cheese, and lime with it.I haven't been to the cooking classes, but I'd like to try one.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,8/25/2009,202,266,4,4,6>The decor and ambiance: Really cool. A little dark for a girl who likes to fall asleep in public places but still nice. The service: Pretty good. I think we only saw our waiter 3 times. The other times, there were runners and other people cleaning up and bringing food to us. The food:  Delicious! Love the duck egg rolls and the shrimp were wonderful! The duck egg rolls were, by far, my favorite. And let me tell you something about a place that allows you to choose how you want your salmon cooked. Hello? Medium! My salmon was perfection! It was a crazy combination, salmon on a bed of black beans with chunks of avocado on top. Love the creativity of the chef and I'm anxious to try the other dishes. The sauces: No, to the spicy jerk (I really do mean the sauce, my date was not spicy nor jerky). Yes, to the sweet ginger chili, B2 steak sauce, and the salsa roja. The dessert: Wacky Tacky Apple. How can you go wrong with a caramel apple with dipping sauces? And I have something to share with the chef...your "secret ingredient" on the outside? I'm on to you, it's frosted flakes!  At least *I think* it is??I had a great experience here and can't wait for my next visit!
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,8/24/2009,228,176,4,6,8>So when I get  a phone call and get asked 'wanna go to lunch' the answer is almost always yes.  I can tell you from now on if the question is 'wanna go to lunch at Cherry Cricket' the answer will always be hell yes!Went today with Jenn and her kids.  She had her eyes on the the burger I was eyeing the nachos.  See I've been craving nachos for weeks and either haven't been someplace where they were or couldn't decide where to go.  So bring me some 'Messy Nachos" and yeah throw that chicken on too (that makes it healthy you know)! The nachos were fantastic.  Just enough beans, cheese, and chicken for each and well they went perfectly with my $2 beer.  YUM.As for the atmosphere.  We sat on the back patio which was nice with just a few tables and so little bits of chitter chatter but quiet enough to carry on conversation.  The inside was dark and cool, if it were any hotter it would've been a nice place to hide in a corner from the heat.  The nachos were great but I'm going to have to go back and get a burger, now.  Well not, okay maybe, right now.  That was lunch and it's almost dinner time you know!
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,8/23/2009,220,1215,3,10,11>I hate to give this place away since i never have to make a reservation for phillip to go play, but it is a fabulous location for the kids!This is where i bring phillip when he's feeling needy. Originally we would go here just to get the special allergy type food for him, but when his brother passed away we started bringing him here once a week. They know him by name when he walks in and always give me an update when it's time for him to go home!The staff here is great! They love animals!! They seperate the dogs by "type". Meaning the older dogs hang out, the smaller dogs hang out, the BIG dogs have their own group etc etc etc. Whatever works. There is a time out kennel that they get put in, if they don't follow the rules. Just like real kiddy day care!!There are all kinds of play areas to keep phillip occupied! There is a mountain with tunnels and windows and places to play! There is a pool area that they get to play in during the warm days!Since phillip is on there older side they are willing to give him 2 naps a day!I love this place and I'm pretty sure phillip does too!
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,8/22/2009,93,211,5,5,7>so my friend leo turned me onto this place. while there the first time he introduced me to daifuku. the exchange went something like: mmm daifuku! you should try it! what's it like? a semi-sweet dessert with red bean paste with a weird texture that people either love or hate. hmm, ok. so i tried the macadamia nut one and the texture is really odd, but the flavor is mild and kind of intriguing. anyway, i found a lot of other goods at this store at reasonable prices and that are hard to find elsewhere. the miso, nori, noodle, and sauce sections are huge and they even have a bulk section of rice and spices so you can get the exact amount you need for something you may never make again. seriously, this place has almost everything you need and a whole lot of stuff you didn't know you needed. is that black sesame flan there next to the shrimp flakes? or if you're in the market for some new dishware or chopsticks, they've got those too. if you do try the daifuku, be aware that even though you might not particularly enjoy it the first time around, some time in the near future you will find yourself craving this strange dessert with it's weird gelatinous outside and sweet gooey middle.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,8/21/2009,81,318,4,12,7>I just had the perfect meal !!! I loved everything about Tables -- from the cute Shabby Chic furniture, to the small, yet comfortable feel about the restaurant. We sat inside, but the small outdoor patio looked very inviting. Our server was friendly and attentive. He gave me a few moments alone with my sip of wine, which is smart ( red changes so much in a few short moments), and encouraged us to ask questions about the menu. We started with the Sweetbread Appy, and have to admit it was probably  the best, or at least close to the best I've ever had. It had a nice bit of carmalization to the outside, soft and tender inside -- almost Fois Gras ' ish texture. Totally Yummy. So Yummy, I wanted to change my dinner order and have 2 more Sweetbread orders -- something I may do next time. Yes, it was That Good !!! Main Courses were the Trout Special and the Colorado Lamb Loin. Now here's where you can really appreciate the great service, and attention to detail --- We mentioned in passing that we'll be splitting the dinners -- and guess what ?? The kitchen split each dinner in half for us, and put each portion on each end of a super long plate -- perfect !! Neither meal interfered with the other, and you could still appreciate the plating. Really shows the attention to detail. The best part -- it tasted delicious. The fish was fresh. The accompaniment perfect for a light fish; fingerling potato with Myer Lemon. Light and refreshing !! Not overdone at all. The Lamb Loin was perfectly Rare Plus; just North of Rare -- Tender...cut like butter in the hot sun. The best part, is that everything worked. I didn't feel as though I was in an Iron Chef Show, where the Chef is throwing anything and everything together not knowing the outcome. The meals where well thought out -- Time tested if you will. Tables restored my faith in Denver Chefs -- thank you for an awesome evening out !!!
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,8/19/2009,97,90,2,8,10>Personally....not a huge Greek food fan. That said, the grub and service at Yanni's is amazing! I called a friend to have lunch today and thought...let's try something new. Always looking to get out of the DTC I hit up Yelp.com for a new lunch spot and came upon Yanni's in the search area. The reviews looked sweet, the place was close so what the hell. A previous reviewer said it best; "It's in a rather unassuming neighborhood that has probably seen better days." No doubt. I'm thinking the better days were in the 70's, but I digress. Upon entering this little gem you're immediately greeted and seated in one of two dining rooms. We took a small table at the front, but noticed the place also has a full bar with a TV and tapped beer. Service was amazing an when making it known to our server that we've not been here before, she was very helpful with a few suggestions. For this midday treat I decided on the chicken pita with a Greek salad on the side while my buddy played it safe with a Greek salad and a cup of soup. Not sure what the heck was in the soup...rice, potatoes...uh...other stuff, but said it was great. The chicken pita was amazing. Excellent flavor and full of spice. Just what the doctor ordered. Most all lunch entrees start at $9.99 and definitely worth the price. Full portions and great flavors roll in abundance. On the outside it looks as if the patio is large enough for summer dining.Can't wait to get back to Yanni's as this is going on my list of lunch spots to hit just North of the DTC.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,8/18/2009,112,168,6,4,6>Kittens in the window, kittens on a shelf, kittens pouncing, kittens bouncing, kittens here, kittens there, AWWWWW a kitten in my arms!!! WAIT ...HOLD THE PHONE !!!! Jenn step away from the kittens, put your hands where we can see them! Remember the 3 cats you have at home? Oh right, you mean the ones whose treats we wandered in here for ...yeah I remember them. They're alright too ..... This is a cute, clean shop with all sorts of goodies for your four-legged friend of either the feline or canine kind. We have three adopted cats and felt that they deserved a treat or in this case a whole bag of tuna flavored treats! The lady there was nice and personable and introduced us to "Partner" a grownup cat who looks exactly like Morris and I am almost certain he wants me to be his mama! I felt the same but since I am a single girl I figured a total of four cats would put be just that much closer to being the "crazy cat lady on the corner" with no man but a house full of furry friends. I am just too young to take on that title. Anyhoo .... this place seems like a swell place to expand your family and do good for the world. These little guys were precious and it took every ounce of willpower I had to leave with treats ONLY!!!! SO run don't walk ...buy any furry friends you already have something special or better yet ....KITTENS FOR EVERYONE !!!!!!
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2009,8/17/2009,212,239,8,12,13>Two visits in three days. I am sold. What is a girl to do when the Nazi doctor orders no meat or salt for a week? Curl up in the fetal position and wail like a newborn or stake out WaterCourse Foods? You can guess which one I selected. Fresh, healthy, innovative and fantastic. Whatever you do, try the gravy, just ask for a side. Resist the urge to strip off all your clothes and rub yourself with this gem - four ingredients, soy butter, flour, pepper, and fennel. You will never, ever guess there is nothing bad in there. One star off for a dirty bathroom with no soap at 10:45 in the morning and lipstick on my buddies glass. She wasn't wearing any. And the noise level is pretty high. One star back because the servers are all just as cute and sweet as can be. Lipstick glass was replaced promplty with a sincere apology.  I also had a serious girl crush on both visits. What is it about the combination of freshly inked tattoos and gingham dresses?Even after I get the doctor off my stressed out back, I will be coming here for more!
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,8/16/2009,639,447,7,11,9>With our Red Rocks plans cancelled due to rain, the better half and I found ourselves in possession of a car last night (neither one of us has a car currently) for the first time in a while and while thinking over our options for dinner, I suggested going as far away from where we live in Denver as possible, which would be somewhere around the Highlands. We took the car over to 32nd Avenue, parked and started walking up and down the streets to see what looked best. I was immediately intrigued by this place's pepto bismol pink wall and unique sign, so we ended up going here. First off, this place is designed to be more of a bar than a restaurant with mostly barstools and high tables and a sign saying "seat yourself." The place is intimate and it did get pretty loud by the time we left, but hey, it's a bar. And I don't care if it is a bar, I am going back to this place again for their food. Sure it's not authentic Mexican food, but God Lord in heaven above, their green chili made me want to reconsider my thoughts on organized religion and form a cult around El Camino's Green Chili. I got the beef tacos smothered in green chili and a beer called "mama's little yellow pils" which was a to die for pilsner. I don't have the strongest stomach for spice, so I am paying for my decisions to eat as much of that spicy salsa as I did, but it was worth it. Oh, and for you types that are of the vegetarian persuasion, all dishes come with a vegetarian option AND they make a vegetarian green chili. The servers were sweet and attentive as I asked for glass after glass of water or chips or something to neutralize the fire in my mouth. We stayed for about two hours and they checked on us fairly consistently every 20-30 minutes. To top it off, we discovered that there is a bus that runs right by my house and goes almost right up to this place's front door. I think I may have a new favorite summer spot.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,8/14/2009,75,167,4,7,8>I love cute little places like this.  It is adorable.   I visited this place on my first ever Yelp event.  I had a couple of the mini-cupcakes (I agree with Tara on the greatness of the mini).  I had red velvet and vanilla chocolate chip with chocolate frosting.  Now,  I have never had red velvet before, so I have nothing to compare it with but,  I LOVE THEM! I love them with all my heart.  I bought one to take with me, ate it later that night, and have been craving them ever since.  So much so, that I just went and had another one. I also like cupcakes that have fruit flavors, and in this department there was not much to choose from.  I guess that they have a strawberry one, but they have been sold out both times I have been there.  If you are a vanilla and chocolate fan, they have every combination possible.  In the afternoon they get pretty busy but the service is nice and they do a good job trying to be quick. All the other deserts look really good, but I can't stand to order anything that isn't a cupcake. Plus, now it's looking like I won't be able to order anything but a red velvet cupcake now. I am now on a quest to eat every red velvet cupcake in Denver.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,8/13/2009,71,164,,10,7>I am practically salivating as I think back to the AMAZING burger that I ate at LoHi Steakbar on Friday night. I ordered the Blue Smoke burger which comes with caramelized onions, bacon, and blue cheese. The burger came sitting on a buttery grilled bun and was cooked to a perfect medium rare. Each bite literally melted in my mouth. Some of the other members of my party ordered the El Tejon and seemed to love every minute of devouring a burger dripping with egg and chili and oozing cheddar cheese.On top of the decidedly fabulous food, the staff was also great on a very busy night. Our waitress stayed on top of drink orders (which were reasonably priced and well mixed) and the general manager stopped to chat with our group to say hello and make sure everything was meeting our expectations. I was initially surprised by how small the packed restaurant was, but the management is very determined to have the spot maintain a neighborhood feel.Since my craving for another Blue Smoke is getting stronger everyday, you can count on seeing me back at LoHi soon.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,8/12/2009,138,353,4,8,9>Finally got a chance to try Enzo's!  The ladyfriend and I had $20 in our hands as a payment for dog sitting, and we decided no diner would be finer than Enzo's End Pizza.We called, we ordered, we took it home and ate it.  A medium pie with mozz, pepperoni, basil, garlic, and sundried tomatoes!  Delish!I have always understood that thin crust pizzas are trash, but Enzo's manages to find that delightful yet difficult to find, reminiscent of the island in Lost, middle ground between thick crust and cracker with pizza toppings. Everything tasted so fresh, smelled amazing, and was a joy to eat.  I'm very happy to find a new pizza place to sample random pies at, and also I'm excited to have one of the fewer "thinner" crust pizza places that I would eat at more than once AND recommend to friends!Hooray!  But remember, Enzo's is not the end -- it's just the beginning!
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,8/11/2009,134,373,11,10,7>Picked up a few sandwiches to bring to the Rockies game.  Perfectly sized for me to eat three (I was starving) but two would have been plenty.  Had the pate, shrimp paste and vietnamese pork.  All were good, but if I only have two next time, it will be the pork and pate unless I try some other flavors.With all of the great places to eat in Denver, why are they still opening Subway and Quizno's shops?  Come on people, time to venture out and try some new places.  For my money Ba Le is authentic Vietnamese sandwiches, with good and fresh ingredients served by nice people.It was funny to see the two ladies watch me as I pulled up to the front on my Harley and leathers and walk in.  We all got a good laugh out of that.And the best part?  The sandwich is perfectly sized so that you can hold it in your right hand while catching a Todd Helton foul ball in your left hand without dropping your sandwich.  How do I know?  I just do.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,8/10/2009,184,176,7,10,11>Three words " Gary Lee Special" is this a good thing or a bad thing? I'm still unsure but it was ordered by one of my friends that decided The Breakfast King sounded like the perfect thing to do after we say our goodbyes at the bar. The Gary Lee Special is not on the menu but you can order this concoction even if you are not the infamous Gary Lee (bartender at the Horseshoe & Skylark who is loved by all). The waitress knew right away to bring out a patty melt topped with fried eggs, a side of hash browns and smothered in country gravy and green Tabasco sauce (see photo). Does this meal save you from a hangover? I guess you have to ask Gary Lee. I had some scrambled eggs, toast & those delectable hash browns. The other reviews are true- The hash browns, friendly down to earth waitresses, orange decor, fast service, and interesting patrons earned a 5 star rating. Late night or just craving some fried breakfast I know where to go. Viva la Breakfast King!
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2009,8/9/2009,614,1007,2,7,10>I loved it.Have you ever been out with a group of friends and each one has an extremely different experience? One friend doesn't mind the wait; there are cozy nooks and warm fires to entertain you, and who cares... you're with friends? One friend thinks the wait is preposterous, all these people squeezed into one place... One friend doesn't mind at first, then gets more and more agitated as each minute passes.You get seated and one friend hates the table, it's too close to the wall and other patrons. One friend thinks it's quaint and enjoys family style seating so the close proximity of the tables is no big deal. One friend see the table setup as a bonus to strike up conversation and possibly taste other patrons food. yeah.Point being - There is a lot going on at Lucilles, but the food is good, the coffee is delish, the bloody mary's are ingenious and please don't leave without having one of their famous beignets - you are only jipping yourself.The wait actually moved very fast. Our server was cute cute cute. There is a plethora of visual entertainment on a Sunday morning. I'd bring my mom here just for the ham and grits. I can't wait to go back for lunch and try some of the southern sandwiches.The bar setup was bad and slow, but you can't have everything right?
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,8/8/2009,238,144,2,16,17>I swear I went back in time, entering this shop.  This place could just as easily have been down the street from Floyd's barber shop in Mayberry, in Little Italy NYC, or my hometown in Wisconsin.  Rosa and staff are real people, working to offer a real product at a real value.  While we were waiting for our orders to be taken and filled, Rosa was behind the counter and talking about how parents should build something to be able to pass on to their kids.  Work towards something for the people you care about, make their life better, etc.  Now, I've never met Rosa before today, but I can tell that she is a quality person, and the people in her life are lucky to somehow be connected to her.This is the kind of place that makes me love Yelp.  Finding the mom and pop shops that give you high quality and value, just because that's who they are.What I ordered doesn't really matter, because I doubt you'll find anything bad.  But, just for the sake of the review, I had a #2 combo, which basically an Italian sub (can't remember everything that was on it, sorry).  Not one bit of it was processed food.  Sausage that they made.  The cheese was top quality.  The bread crunchy and flaky on the outside, moist in the middle.  For $6.25 or whatever I paid, a superb value.Go there and try it.  Sure, it's great to send business their way, but the favor being done here is for you.  Honestly, it's worth your time and money.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,8/7/2009,87,291,2,7,6>Ate dinner here last night for the first time and was lucky to be there on the first night of their Winter menu. I was impressed by ever single aspect of this restaurant, they have the details covered 100%. From the hospitality (I like that they took our coats), to the bathroom (equipped with candle, lint brush and full stock of feminine hygiene products - funny, but thoughtful), to the service (waiter was very enthusiast and passionate about the restaurant's food) to the absolutely outstanding food - which was on par with the best food I've ever had. Didn't have a reservation and host was very accommodating and welcoming. Note: we got here early, about 6...we would never have gotten a table here around 7 w/o a reservation. It got absolutely packed. My only challenge here was an excellent one - the menu was so good, I had a hard time deciding what to get. Bottom line, I don't think there is any losing at this place. The food was ammmmazzzzzzng!!! I loved everything from the fresh thyme and sea salt butter and scrumptious bread; scallops starter was GENIUS!!! w/ creamed celery root, mushrooms, chestnuts and potato gallete------one of the greatest things I've EVER eaten; and the entrees. So blown away by the entrees -I had the beef culotte with onion and blue cheese tart, creamed potatoes, spinach and mushrooms. It was fun to mix everything up and eat all flavors together. Fantastic. Got better and better with each bite. My husband had the Colorado lamb which was also very amazing and delicious...we couldn't decide who won on ordering - we netted out at a draw. Decided to have desert. We were already stuffed and decided why not really push our limits and go all the way. Ordered the warm sticky toffee date cake and I have no words for how good it was. Imagine the taste of butter and brown sugar...but in cake form. I couldn't stop eating it and I was so full I was starting to hallucinate. Wonderful, fun, memorable dining experience. Blew my taste buds out of the water. I'm in love.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,8/6/2009,67,174,1,6,8>This is one time I wish there were half stars.  I'd do 4.5 stars.On to the review...I've driven by Campo several times wondering why I hadn't been there yet.  So last night I had the chance to dine there with a friend of mine.  I arrived early and sat at the bar.  The bartender, Matt, couldn't have been more pleasant.  He suggested the Orchid Lychee Martini (on happy hour special) as my first drink.  It was a great drink!  He chatted me up since I was alone, but then gave me and my friend the right amount of space once she'd arrived.I loved the bread basket with two kinds of soft bread and skinny little breadsticks.  The olive oil on the table was a great quality as well.  We started off with the Taz Pinot Noir---normally $55 but on Thursday nights they offer 1/2 off bottles.  SCORE!  We also had the calamari to start.  It wasn't the absolute best calamari in the city (Sparrow used to have the best) but it probably ranked second in my book.  It wasn't tough or chewy.  The thicker cut tubes were fresh and very lightly breaded--obviously prepared just before we ordered it.  For dinner I had the lamb gnocchi.  WOW.  The gnocchi was, again, prepared just when I ordered it.  It was light and soft and not the least bit dense or chewy.  The lamb was braised in onions so it just fell apart.  My friend had the Linguine Pasitano---a nice light dish of pasta, shrimp, arugula, garlic, tomatoes and basil.  Best of all, everything was available in half portions (with prices to match--what a concept!) so we didn't feel miserable or guilty after finishing our plates.Our wonderful server/bartender brought us a small dessert on him.  It was a very simple ice cream sandwich.  The sandwich part was a profiterole cut in half with a small scoop of creamy chocolate ice cream.  YUM!Overall, I loved the atmosphere and service.  In fact, I can't think of a time I've had better service.  It wasn't uptight or forced, it was just hospitable and comfortable.  The restaurant itself sits just below street level on 3rd so it felt cozy and warm.  I'll be back!
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,8/5/2009,245,483,27,17,11>Two bites into my dinner I was ready to take El Paraiso behind the schoolyard and impregnate her.  I had a grand plan of marriage, kids, a house with a white picket fence...everything.  But alas, El Paraiso told me she wasn't interested in me in that way.  Though I failed to make my relationship with El Paraiso exclusive, I have no problems going back for more tastes of her delightful charm and mouth-watering food.  This is the best Mexican restaurant in Denver.  No joke, no exaggeration.  It doesn't look any different than the others from the outside.  Even when you first step in, it still doesn't have any remarkably unique charm.  But as soon as you are seated, the mariachi band kicks into their next number, and you receive their extensive eight-page menu, you know something is up.  With such a huge menu, I decided to play it safe and get something that I was familiar with - the carne adovada puerco.  However, things got interesting when my plate came, and I immediately recognized that I didn't get what I ordered.  Instead I saw a plate of chuletas con adovada.  In most cases, I would have sent it back to get what I ordered.  But today, I took one look at those luscious pork chops and said, "Holy shit!  I want to eat that!"  My friends, it was the bomb!  Served with beans, rice, a grilled spring onion, along with home-made corn tortillas - I about jizzed in my pants.  The chops were tender, juicy, spiced and salted to perfection, and smothered with a plate-licking delicious adovada sauce.  Claire got the carnitas plate, which I thought was alright - though I never have been a huge fan of carnitas.  She got the flour tortillas, which are also made in-house, but not quite as rediculously good as the corn tortillas.  We washed the meal down with some horchatas that were crisp and refreshing.  My only complaint would be that the tortilla chips (that go with complementary chips and salsa) are not homemade.  But the food is so insanely badass that it doesn't matter.  The service speaks some English, but Spanish is the preferred tongue in this house, so brush up before you go.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,8/4/2009,50,14,2,5,7>Little Man Ice Cream is the best ice cream in Denver, and sorbet, and gelato. My favorite is the cherry swirl gelato shake. I also highly recommend the blueberry cinnamon sorbet. It reminds me of when my grandma would make cobbler as a kid.The fact that the shop is in a giant milk can only adds to the fun of going there. The staff are always very friendly and patient, and the prices are very affordable. Lastly (and the best part) they are part of a program that for every scoop of ice cream they sell, they donate a scoop of rice to villages in Ethiopia and Myanmar. All rice is bought locally where it is given. I really appreciate great ice cream and people helping others.cheers.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,8/3/2009,72,78,,8,7>Awe.Some.(Thanks again, Yelp. Wouldn't have thought to pop my head in if not for your very accurate and thoughtful direction.)Tricia and I had a few INCREDIBLY reasonably priced cocktails in what has become (after a solitary visit) my favorite Dive Bar in the greater Denver Area. Pete is as cool as "all get out" (as you like to say), the walls are filled with snapshots of happiness from years passed and the customers are as colorful as they should be.   Wood paneling, pizza delivered from next door, $4 Stranahan's Whiskey, a rose from a gentleman for my lovely lady, a jukebox the way one should be, free shots of Alabama Slammers... Wow-ee. I love this place.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,8/2/2009,2,39,2,7,4>Mmmmm...  So bad but so good!  It's called "comfort" or "southern" food so you know it's going to give you a coronary by late afternoon but it's so yummy!It's a nice little neighborhood place - CASH ONLY so check your wallet before you get there.  The service is great - the guys behind the counter are genuinely nice as can be.  And Tom hovering around the dining room is always friendly.You never know what you're going to get: they have each dish there until it's gone - inevitably they're always having Tom 86 something off the board while I'm standing in line.  You just have to hope they don't run out of something before you see it on the board and the time you get to the counter!  So it's definitely not a too late lunch sort of place.Fried chicken: so authentic and one of the best in Denver.  I think this is still my favorite!Catfish: it was good but nothing that special.Meatloaf: I'm not a connoisseur but I'm not a huge fan of the stuff here.  Really dark and heavy with an equally dark and heavy gravy.Mac n cheese: so bright orange it looks so bad but tastes so good.  Not in a "gourmet" mac n cheese way but in a yummy, down-home style...Candied yams, collard greens, green beans: all good and authentic - either you like them or you don't.Jalapeno cornbread: it's the best!  Not really that spicy either.  If they don't have it when I go I get sad.Peach cobbler: oh wow - if they have it then definitely get it - it's the best peach cobbler I've had in Denver.  (Not sure I've ever had another one here in town but if I had I'm sure it would pale in comparison)It's best to go with someone you can share with so you can split three sides and a dessert.  Last time when I went by myself I only had one side and the cobbler and I felt like I was missing out...If you're gluttonous like I am you'll enjoy the meal (all of it!) immensely but then you'll spend the next few hours reminding yourself to next time not eat it ALL...  But inevitably you will indeed do the same thing next time because it's so good.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,8/1/2009,14,46,,6,6>Super fun, chill spot to kick back some beers and burgers with friends.  Wasn't such a big fan of the blackberry wheat (they said they replaced the raspberry w/ this), but the amber ale was quite tasty.  The nachos were ENORMOUS and my veggie cheese burger was yum.Also, man, maybe we were just there on a stellar night, but the place is just hoppin with beautiful people (read: rugged manly types & natural girls with minimal makeup, both decked out in casual clothes).While I appreciate their attempts to be subversive by ONLY accepting cash, in practicality, its just plain annoying.  Aside from the Cash Only policy, this place is really great!
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,7/31/2009,101,138,5,6,8>The inside is a little, what's the word?  cheap.  And yet somehow its part of the charm.  In a town full of Pete's Q'potle shops I liked the little guy facing the big competition vibe.The service was excellent.  Personal.  Quick (though I was smart enough to avoid being there @ 12:30).  Two things raised this place above some others in my eyes.  1. The options: scallops, chimichurri, 5 different tortillas, sweet potatoes? 2. The price.  For essentially the same price as an assembly line, skimpy portion, get-the-hell-out-of-here-so-we-can-sling-as-many-­of-these-as-humanly-possible burrito, I got a burrito made with care and quality ingredients.Check it out.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2009,7/30/2009,95,164,,10,10>This place serves the best Thai food I have had since leaving California (oh sweet motherland of ethnic food options).My husband and I took a friend who was new to Thai food.  I suggested he try the Pad See Ewe because that is one of my favorites.  Well, I love the curries more but he didn't seem interested in that.  My husband and our friend Tom both ordered their noodles extra spicy.  They were not disappointed.  My husband had Pad Thai as usual and he loved it.  It was not as greasy as some of the other places in town.  The Pad See Ewe was delicious and just what I was looking for.  Tom really enjoyed his too, and he can be a bit discriminating.  He had to eat very slowly though because it was so hot.I ordered a bowl of Thom Ka as an appetizer.  Tom and my husband were eyeing my soup and convinced me to let them try it.  They loved it.  They both wished they had ordered that instead of splitting the Satay appetizer.  Too bad, there is always next time. This is my new favorite Thai restaurant in town.  Not that I am not open to trying others.  It is very conveniently located 5 minutes from our place though.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,7/29/2009,197,231,3,6,11>Here are some words I would use to describe Bones...SmallQuaintCasualComfortableDeliciousSimplisticI went here for dinner and had the Udon noodle bowl with pork shoulder.  It was brilliant.  The broth was very full of flavor, the meat was soft and slow cooked to perfection, and the noodles were thick and filling.  LadyHawk had the lemongrass and chicken egg noodle bowl, which was also really well done.  I have literally zero complaints about this place and want to go back again soon to try a different dish.PS - try the braised beef rib eggrolls, they are magical.  It's like they play a song of flavor in your mouth.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,7/28/2009,13,40,6,8,7>Holy king kong of a library, this is conveniently located right down the street from me, yay!I came down here earlier this week to get a library card, a book, and check out what they had to offer...Location:  downtownish off of busy broadway, this behemoth is right across from the Denver museum (that I have yet to check out).For people who don't have a library cared:  Get one and get one now BUT make sure to...A.) Bring some sort of identification with your current address on it orB.) Bring a bill showing your address.It's like going to Blockbusters and getting a card, same deal.  When you head in, go to the counter that's next to the check out counter.  There are 2 computers where you enter your info and get a library card like voila!  Then you can head on your merry way to get your books.Speaking of books, if you don't know this place go to one of the plethora of computers, look up what you want and then proceed.  The checkout process was a teeny bit odd to me.  I was accustomed to scanning your card then scanning your items, much like at Queen Soopers, with the machine telling you what to do.  Well here, the machine doesn't say a word, it tells you everything on the screen.  Plus you have to leave your card on the scanner thingy and wait for the screen to prompt you to pick it up and start scanning your books.  No, it's not a quick scan either, you have to wait a little before moving on to the next item!  Warning, do not rest your other items on the screening table either, that jacks up the process.  Lesson learned.Who needs Blockbusters?:  You can check out MOVIES here for FREEEEEEEE!  Gratis!  They have a large selection, people! If you're like me, don't have cable or a t.v. and like watching movies, especially indie and foreign, just head to the library and save yourself money!!!!!  You can even go online and search for movies in the library and have movies transfered to a library of your choice for pick up!  Okay, I'm going all crazy here.Don't have the internetz at home?:  Go to the library and use it for FREE, Gratsi!  Bring your laptop if you have one!Can't make it to this library?:  There are loads of other libraries located near you, believe it or not.  I had no idea there was one down the street from me besides this one.All in all:  This library puts my old one back in Colorado Springs to shame!  Going to the library is a fun way to pass time and for FREE, Gratis!  I love it.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,7/27/2009,34,238,9,5,8>If you look around one thing that's obvious is that now is a time of great change.  And Obama can't take credit for a lot of it even though Michelle Obama and Oprah are forming like Voltron.  Unless you've been on a fully sequestered jury, you may have heard that Michael Jackson has passed on into the great beyond.  Also, David Carradine left us under questionable circumstances and it makes me wonder if I can finally get a collector's edition Kung Fu box set on DVD.  Ol' Dirty Bastard is dead, but that was like 2004 so I should be over it already.  And I could keep going on and on about all the craziness in the world but I won't.  You get the idea.  So whether you are in the mood to embrace all this change or you're feeling overwhelmed by it, who cares?  While you are busy being introspective you are missing out on some rockin' local bands playing in great places around town and you need to get out more.  And what better place to lounge than the Larimer Lounge?  I was fortunate to see a show there recently and The Knew and Slim Cessna's Auto Club completely rocked it.  To say that you're close to the music here is an understatement.  The band is practically out in the crowd with you while they're on stage.  Well in Slim Cessna's case he was out in the crowd for a little while.  He also made gratuitous use of the exposed rafters just above the stage, to the point where I wondered if when he's about to play in other bars if he thinks "Oh crap, no exposed rafters.  What am I going to do now?"  The place has a very nice flat-screen / live video feed setup that I hadn't seen before and is an excellent idea.  It gives the people who want to go see the band but want to avoid the crush and cat fights of the stage area a way to cop out and hang out at the bar but still say they went.  They also have a very nice patio and anyone who's read my reviews knows I'm a sucker for even a decent patio.  Lots of great beer and bad beer on tap at dive bar prices, and I was inducted into the beer and a sipping shot on the side club here.  It's kind of like a lame boilermaker or a detached sidecar.  Someone should come up with a legitimate name for it.  Not it.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,7/26/2009,29,61,1,5,9>The kids here know what they are doing. It's pretty small as far as bookstores are concerened, but some of the best ones always are. It reminded me of several Brooklyn nooks, where the books that don't make it on the shelf, become a brick on the tower that teeters against the shelf's side. Kilgore's got maybe a third of the amount of room Capitol Hill Books has, but they stock it with a much creamier stock. I've been into Kilgore a few times now and have never left buying less than three books. And those three books where whittled down from about seven. The prices are reasonable (what, half of the retail price) and the staff super helpful, which is kinda' odd. I mean, if I owned a used bookstore it'd probably be filled with a pretty pretentious staff (think High Fidelity, but with books). Kilgore avoids that trap, whether because this is CO, or they are really trying to do business, i don't know, but i can dig it.In addition to a well-stocked and tastefully chosen Fiction section, the philosophy and playwriting are primped-up pretty, too.And the graphic novel nerds will no doubt be appreciative of the comic selection. Big ups, Kilgore.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2009,7/25/2009,204,249,,9,6>Bombay Bowl had it's grand opening today!  I saw the sign go up quite a while ago and have been patiently waiting for them to finally open their doors.  The place was packed so it looked like I wasn't the only one waiting for Bombay Bowl to open!An employee was walking around giving out free tastes of their naan bread.  It was a little on the crispy side, but still tasty.  As I moved up further in line, I could see the naan was being cooked fresh to order!  I watched them put dough on what looked like a sandwich toaster / conveyor belt and watched it come out fluffy looking and cooked!  I ordered a chicken tikka bowl.  It came with fresh sauteed veggies, rice, chicken and tikka sauce... Fabulous!  It could have used just a touch more seasoning, but it was pretty freakin' good!This place kind of works like Qdoba or Subway.  All of the ingredients are set out in a line setting and constructed to order.  I also got a mango lasse, a piece of naan and two different chutneys to sample.  The chili lime chutney had a nice spicy bite to it.  The garlic cilantro sauce seemed a little watered down, but I could imagine if they didn't add so much water that it would have been delicious.Overall, the meal was GREAT!  It was fresh, delicious and not greasy at all!  I didn't feel weighed down after eating my lunch.  I will DEFINITELY be back for more!
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,7/24/2009,38,53,4,5,4>I have been here a few times... for trivia, a quick drink and app, etc., and it never disappoints. Last night though, I had the most fun time ever here! I was invited to a private dinner in the wine cellar. For $25 per person, Jonesy's offers an exclusive four-course dinner with beer pairings for 4-10 people. And $10 per person goes to benefit a charity called KEMPE, which helps educate and prevent child abuse. How generous is that?The ladies who served us were very nice, and even helped me walk down the creaky cellar steps (kind of a phobia of mine). The room was a little chilly, so bring a sweater, but it was so quaint, and I felt like I was transported into another time. The first course was my favorite, a spicy curried samosa paired with a delicious pilsner. From there we had a goat cheese salad with citrus vinaigrette and a really good red ale that complemented the citrus dressing.  A cheesy risotto with peas and prosciutto was the third course, and was coupled with a really strong beer served in a wine glass. Since I was driving, I had to give that one up to my male dinner companions. And for dessert, we had a fantastic butterscotch pudding and a delicious creamy stout. I don't even like stout but this one was sweet and tasted like coffee so I had to finish it. If anyone knows me, I love coffee.After dinner we went upstairs to their awesome and spacious lounge in the back room. We played board games and darts, and danced to motown tunes on the jukebox. I had so much fun. I think I love Jonesy's.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,7/23/2009,283,243,6,11,14>Finally, a place where I don't feel like puking, running, screaming, crying and/or passing out from claustrophobia or some sort of spiked drink.It is a great spot - at the moment - to enjoy great house music. I had the chance to see Chuck Love here and it was amazing. Bar Standard has, however, been changed time again (like the rest) so I don't expect this place to stick around for long. The drinks are like anyplace else, but the crowd a little less obnoxious. Being far away from LoDo, you can find parking within a reasonable distance and places to sit down and enjoy yourself. I guess the bar's been raised - but I'm not sure the standard is high enough.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,7/22/2009,110,100,,10,10>If high quality ingredients, flavorful combinations, and food inspired by French, Spanish, and Italian influences sound like something you would enjoy, Olivea is the perfect place for you.I regularly go to Marczyk's (see my review) and have observed this restaurant being remodeled in the space formerly housed by Aix. I have long awaited it's opening, hearing the buzz that it is owned and operated by the same people as Duo.This place does not disappoint and I will definitely be going back.  May I first note that they have fantastic happy hour deals if you get there before 7 and it can be an inexpensive way to try several dishes.  The drinks are made well, I especially enjoyed the cucumber martini.  As for the menu, I'm not sure if there is a way to go wrong here.  Under the charcuterie section, I have tried the duck liver mousse, the duck breast, and the boudin blanc.  All of these were quite scrumptious, my favorite being the duck liver mousse served with pickled onions and fig compote.  It was so rich and the figs with it were a great pairing.Under the starters and salads section, I have tried the blood orange salad, the scallop crudo, and the roasted asparagus with poached eggs.  While all of dishes were good, the asparagus was definitely my favorite.  I'm starting to think that eggs are like bacon, they go good with EVERYTHING.  The asparagus was so plump and succulent and having the delicious egg yolk spill over it was just decadent.I have tried two of the entrees, both making my taste buds dance for joy.  The housemade pancetta tortellini in brodo (broth) compares to the tortellini I've had in Bologna.  I was surprised with how well it was made and how flavorful the broth was.  The gnocchi with short rib sugo is also superb and I think it will be my new comfort food if I'm having a bad day.  Lastly, I must note, LEAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT!  The chocolate and caramel tartlet is to die for.  So rich, but not too sweet, and the gelato they put on top of it is just perfect.  If you are in the mood to try a sorbet of the day, definitely go with the tangerine flavor if they have it.  I love strawberry, but the tangerine one surpasses it. It's perfectly light and flavorful without being overly sweet.Definitely give this place a try.  I can't wait to go back next time!
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,7/21/2009,133,419,2,12,7>Truly (madly, deeply) the most awesome spa experience I've ever had.  I will be coming back here again and again.You've probably driven by this place a million times, as it's on York/Colfax and in the same building as the School of Chinese Medicine, and Massage Therapy Institute.  Izba's sign is on the very bottom of the big blue and white sign, so hard to see.  I drive by that building probably 3x a week and was none the wiser.I first heard about this place while I was getting some treatments at Woodhouse Day Spa (oh, snap!!).  My manicurist couldn't stop talking about it, which was a little strange, given the fact that we were at Woodhouse, but it made me really curious to check it out.  Unfortunately, she couldn't remember how to spell the damn name so it took me forever to find it.  Once I did, and found the website, I was good to go!As Taj mentioned in his review below, everything is contained in the same room - my friend and I did the Deluxe treatment - 2.5 hours.  The room was gorgeous - very nice artwork on the walls (literally ON the walls, not framed artwork), and it was very cozy.  A hot tub session, two massages, two banya sessions and your choice of a body mask or polish.  All for the ridiculously awesome price of $135.  Are you kidding me?  That's like a half hour massage and an express manicure anywhere else.I'm not going to repeat the procedures that Taj wrote out, since he did such a good job, and I'd just be redundant.  If you're looking for a wonderful, but affordable, spa experience, please try Izba.  I swear, you will never experience anything close to it at another spa (well, unless maybe you're in Russia!).Pro tip - this spa doesn't have the typical amenities like hair dryers, mirrors, deodorant, etc. that you might be accustomed to (you do get a shower, though!)  Therefore, don't come here right before you need to be spiffed up to go somewhere.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,7/20/2009,119,122,7,13,14>Twist and Shout is the kind of store that makes me wish I could write 45 rpm (that's forty-five reviews per month). When it comes to local record shops, it's simply unbeatable. Why has it cultivated such an immaculate collection over the years? Just look at the greatest hits:Track One: "More Than a Feeling" Twist and Shout prides itself on three things: great value, unbeatable selection, and the one thing Amazon can't replicate (yet): ATMOSPHERE. Every spare inch of the store is teeming with that electric buzz of a great record store. It's like the staff had a seance to instill the souls of Jerry, Jimi and Biggie in the walls of the place. That feeling and look (gorgeous concert posters galore!) of an old school record store, combined with the bright, crisp look--and welcomed revamp!--of their new location makes this the mecca of music fans in the Mile High City.Track Two: "Welcome to the Jungle". I've been a frequent shopper at Twist and Shout for the last five years, but my traffic there has been amped up to 11 since they moved to their Colfax location in summer of 2007. Sandwiched in between the equally excellent Tattered Cover Bookstore and the Colfax Arts Center--AND with a friendly neighborhood Chipotle breathing right under their nose--this place has everything a music nerd could want. Books, burritos, and bohemians? Too bad they won't let me put up my tent out on the sidewalk.Track Three: "Just What I Needed". Twist and Shout's record selection is sprawling and immaculately organized to boot. Having recently shuffled their store (they wisely decided to shelve their extensive used catalog with their new cds), the store has an intuitive and customer-friendly design. Sure the aisles are a little thin, but there's nothing like rubbing up against a stranger who might be looking for the same Ronettes collection as you. If you can't find something, the staff is happy to track it down or order it in for you. Track Four: "C.R.E.A.M. (Cash Rules Everything Around Me)". Besides selection, value is one of the main attractions at T&S. Most cds are at or below the MSRP, and $10 or $12 new releases are not uncommon. Their constant influx of quality/rare used cds makes splurging at the store even more affordable. The impressive music collection, accounting for all major musical genres (their industrial and experimental section takes up a dozen racks of cds), is bolstered by a noteworthy vinyl section. Whether you're tracking down the latest Top 40 artist or the most obscure Willie Nelson 7", you're gonna find what you need somewhere here.Track Five: "Odds n Sods" Besides having the best music in Denver, T&S also offers an impressive array of other media, especially DVDs. Their films section, from recent releases to tv collections to obscure foreign and indie finds, is nicely organized along the store's towering walls. The prices aren't necessarily unbeatable, but the selection's solid. The fashion, toys, and stereo equipment are all equally impressive, and  never fail to make me feel even more like a kid in a candy store. Bathory t-shirts AND adorable Japanese plush toys? I have arrived.Track Six: "Every Rose Has Its Thorn" I hate to admit it, but the service has always been a bit of an Achilles' heel at the store. Typically attendants are helpful and chipper enough, but occasionally the younger clerks manning the counters come across as unenthusiastic and impersonal upon checkout. Whatever the cause for this High Fidelity fever the kids are exhibiting, I've never had BAD customer service at T&S, and the employees are always at least competent and knowledgeable, if not genuinely friendly. Even the longhair in the GWAR shirt, if you happen to catch him on a good day (cheer up dude, we listen to the same tunes!).Track Seven: "Thank You For the Music" I wasn't kidding when I implied I'd camp out front of Twist and Shout if they'd let me. Although tough times have made me restrict my visits to once a month or less, I still have a blast every time I stop by the store, and almost always walk away with an album (or six) that I can't wait to get home and try out on the stereo. Looking for a top-notch record store experience that will keep you coming back like a locked groove? To quote David Byrne, this MUST be the place.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,7/18/2009,95,693,6,8,6>Denver is so lucky to have Bookies.A great bookstore for kids and people who want to buy books and educational toys for children.Fabulous service from the extremely knowledgeable staff.Fair prices.Having patronized Bookies for over a decade, I will warn you that you will spend more than you intended when you walk in here. There are just so many great gifts to buy.If you don't have any children to buy books for, get some.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2009,7/17/2009,114,168,7,11,6>My date suggested we go here, and I tried to steer him to another location based on my previous experiences, but he wouldn't have it.  Fine, whatever!  I arrived early and sat in the lounge because the bar was packed.  WOW what comfy seats!  What great service!!  When he arrived we stayed in the lounge a bit longer and eventually decided we'd eat.  Our server was really cool - a little off beat and awkward but in an endearing way.   I asked her opinion on two dishes and she gave a very in depth review on which was healthier.  Hell, I am out to eat, I don't want to know which is healthier, I want to know which tastes better!  :)    That said, she steered me to the Ahi tuna and for this I thank her!!!  It was UNBELIEVABLE!  Seared rare, with a crust of wasabi created a crunchy outer layer, to a melt in your mouth delicious, almost raw tuna.  Our server then helped us pick our desert even though my date had his mind made up on something else.  She totally called him on it though..."so often people ask my opinion but they've already made up their mind..."  Embarrassed that he did this, he went with her suggestion of bread pudding, and once again, BRAVO!!!  Minus one star because the salmon that my date had looked really boring.  He kicked himself for not also ordering the Ahi - I shared mine, but that just made him more envious.  That night I had wasabi tuna dreams....I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,7/16/2009,410,321,,14,8>Had the opportunity to dine in Masalaa with friends and had a great experience trying everything I could. I've driven by this place several times and never paid attention to this place, or it's just well hidden. But anyway, this place is clean, organized, menu has Indian names with English description, and waiting staff is very polite. Oh, plus they sell beer.I've tried:Sambar VadaDeep fried lentil flour donuts soaked in sambar Sambar Idly Idly soaked in sambar SamosaPastry stuffed with mashed potatoes and spices. Masala DosaCrepe with potato masala Kashmiri UthappamUthappam topped with dry fruits and toasted with butter or ghee Gobi ManchurianNewCauliflower fried with Chinese batter and cooked with manchurian sauce.Everything was good, probably my favorites were the samosas, the Idly was good too (steamed bun), the Kashmiri Uthappam was different but very good, the Gobi was great!
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2009,7/15/2009,114,246,4,6,8>We have been wanting to try BA Pizzeria for quite some time...since I read about it on the Post's website when I was living far from Denver for a year.  Our friends had already been here, and they were bugging us to go with them, so we finally found the perfect night to go.  After a great day of skiing, we met up at BA for some grub.  First of all, we each ordered an empenada to share.  I had the chicken margarita, my wife the blue cheese and onion.  Our friends ordered the chorizo and the margarita to round out the lot.  Each one of them was fantastic!  I would never think to have blue cheese and onion in an empenada, but it was fabulous.  The blue cheese was not too strong, which is fine by me.  Then we moved onto the pizza. We shared the Buenos Aires (with ham, hearts of palm, red pepper, and hard boiled egg) and the one with bacon and corn on it.  Sweet Baby Jesus were they good!  Plenty of cheese, and the toppings, oh the toppings.  They sound odd, but damn they were good.  Apparently, the hard boiled egg is shredded onto the pizza or something like that, because I expected big round slices and saw none.  And the bacon and corn pizza was like an awesome corn muffin wrapped in bacon and then covered with mozzerella.  Unfortunately, no one had room for dessert.  Next time, and probably the time after that...and after that...
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,7/14/2009,27,43,4,5,7>I've played bar trivia here Saturday nights for over two years now. I've had two of my last three birthdays here, including a wild one downstairs this year. I also tend to come here before and after Rockies games. There's nothing necessarily spectacular about Whiskey Bar other than its one of the few bars I've somehow become a regular. I think the biggest appeal is that it's downtown, but off the beaten path enough to be away from insanity of weekend nights downtown. As one person said, it could easily be described as low-key. Staff is tops. Corey has been my crews fave bartender in town for some time and not just because he's a huge fan of my hometown Red Sox. The downstairs rental is pleasant, especially since they rearranged it down there. Beer selection is average (Great Divide, Bud, Shiner, Guinness on tap and handful of bottles), but I usually drink cheap whiskey. They let you roll in with food and many people have pizza delivered from next door. They have a bunch of TVs around and a stack of board games in the corner. If you are sports person, it may be worth noting this is a Missouri bar come college game day. There's a patio that may be even better for people watching than smoking cuz there's some real weidos up there (and that's saying something coming from me).
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,7/13/2009,17,59,2,10,7>When you have 4 "fur children" going into a store like this is akin to entering the gates of heaven (angels, trumpet fanfare, the works). Great selection of leashes, collars and dog apparel. I got my little terrier mix the cutest skull and cross bone sweater. This is coming from a person who will blatantly point and laugh at people who dress their dogs up, so you know this sweater was pure awesomeness. I bought our big white German shepherd a quality leather collar with silver details that screams "I'm a badass"...now if only he didn't have the mentality of infant poodle we'd be all set. The doggie treats look tasty (never actually tried them myself, but I have eaten canned cat food before, in my defense, there was money in it for me...) and the gang tears through them with no stomach problems so I'm a big fan of that. My one and only complaint is the prices. This is not the place to go if you just need to pick up some generic dog supplies, save that for a trip to Petsmart. This is for those special pet gifts and for those of you who like their animals to be stylish and standout (I used to mock you, but thanks to this store I reluctantly admit that I understand where you are coming from)
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,7/12/2009,190,292,13,8,10>Hello new favorite lunch spot. I've eaten here a couple times now, and both instances have been great. The boneless spare ribs are deeeeelicious, and the steamed dumplings I had today were great. I'm not quite sure why the owners are so militant about the soda consumption rules as indicated by their very large, angry-looking signs on the dispenser (NO FREE REFILLS! YOU PAY FIRST!!), but whatever. The majority of their midday specials involve a main dish with a choice of egg roll, soup, or soda for less than five dollars. If I lived closer, I think I'd probably wind up getting carry out or delivery more times than I'd wind up admitting.Not that I can blame this on them in the slightest, but it'd be even cooler if I could walk there without having to maneuver large swatches of completely destroyed sidewalk. For the record, when you see someone  faceplant on the sidewalk due to huge chunks of missing concrete, lying there with an ankle at an awkward angle, for the love of GOD, folks, ask if she's OK. She will be if you just ask. Otherwise, she'll just be all bitter about angry until she has a face full of Chinese food.One more thing - the first fortune I got at Great Wall?"Life is not a struggle. It's a wiggle."In bed.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,7/11/2009,164,209,1,15,8>Going to Amanda's to try on wedding gowns is like going over to your mom's house to play dress up. Many of the ladies that work there have YEARS and YEARS of experience and know just what works for your body type and personal style. Here are some things I especially love about Amanda's:-No appointments. Yes, this means you will not get personalized boutique service, and you will have to wait for a fitting room, but it also means you can drop in at any time you please to browse.-HUGE dressing rooms. Seriously, these are the biggest I've ever seen. If you are the type to bring you and your ten best friends with you, they will probably all fit in these rooms.-Selection of dresses in many sizes.  Most stores carry sample dress sizes which can range anywhere from a size 6 to a size 10 or 12.  If you do not fall into these sample sizes, it can be hard to get an idea of what looks good on you.  Amanda's has dresses in all sizes to try on, and the types of dresses they carry are very budget-friendly. -Their employees don't work on commission. This is great because they will tell you what really looks good on you and what doesn't, regardless of the price of the dress.I would suggest going here when you start your hunt. This is a great place to get an idea of what you are looking for in a dress, since there are so many to pick from, and if you can find a dress here it is most likely very affordable and the person signing the checks will rejoice.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2009,7/10/2009,52,137,5,7,7>First, let me say that our food was excellent. Ordered the crab cake benedict and it was the best I've had in Denver. No fishy taste or bits of crunchy crab shell to be found like at some establishments. Even the potatoes with bits of red bell pepper on the side were good. My hubby was very happy with his classic benedict - perfect amount of sauce, lovely presentation. If that was where this ended, I would add more stars. Here's the rub, our service was... weird. We stood at the door for a few minutes with no one in sight. Then the waiter saw us and... walked away. We waited some more, and some more. Finally the host showed up and offered to seat us. OK here's the weird part- our host made very conspicuous eye contact with us at every moment. You know how you are coached to keep constant eye-contact during a job interview? Yeah, it was like that. I felt like he was going to ask me what I felt my best qualities as an employee would be. It was...uncomfortable. Weirder yet, it CONTINUED when our waiter came to the table. I can only assume that management has dictated that their waitstaff do this weird eye thing. Please stop, it's creepy. To add to the weird eye thing, it took us forever to get our check. There were only a few tables occupied so it shouldn't have taken so long.One more (minor) gripe. This place was LOUD and sound echoed everywhere. The hard modern decor does not lend itself towards good acoustics. Even though there were only 20 or so people in here, I couldn't hear my hubby sitting right across from me.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,7/9/2009,37,80,3,5,5>Everything cooked in a waffle iron. How can they go wrong? They can't. I have been to Lakeside twice now and both times I find myself not being able to decide what to get. It all looks refreshing and different. Yes, they have the standard waffles and fruit and waffles with PB and banana (although, more banana would be great), they have waffles with bacon, brie and basil. And..................it's surprisingly delicious. And all of these paired with Pablo's Danger Monkey coffee! What's that you say? Oh yeah. They run cartoons on the big screen inside the Oriental Theater. Seating is sparse if you want a regular seat but they have moved in tables for 6 or 8 in the main lobby. Whatever you do though, have the Oskar Blues Ten Fidy syrup. You won't be sorry.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,7/8/2009,476,701,,11,6>Honestly, I wasn't impressed with the food. But the server was on top of his game hence the higher than it should be rating.  So a three and a 1/2 for the food and the waiter made the fourth star appear.We started with the chef's assortment of cured meats which included a mortadella, a sopressata, a wine cured salame, and a coppa. I was expecting bolder or at least more complex flavors from the meats but was surprised that only the bologna textured mortadella with pistachio's was to my liking. Next up was the steamed P.E.I. mussels with sausage. I enjoyed this dish more than the meats. The sausage has a nice spiciness to it, tasty mussels, tomatoes, and onions but not a lot of sauce or broth. The two slices of a toasted rustic bread served with the mussels were very good but there was not enough bread or sauce for dipping.My friend had the slow roasted suckling pig and I had been waiting to try their pizza so I went with a margherita pie. The pig nor the pie impressed. This pork could have been prepared in any manner to achieve the tenderness exhibited but there was no richness and not even a subtle hint that there was anything special about this pig. There was pig left on the plate when we left. The pizza was cooked well, topped with a little too much of the san marzano tomatoes, a nice amount of mozzarella, and a decent amount of basil but unfortunately half of each slice was wet from the over topping of the pie. There were a few slices of pie left on the pan when we left too ( I never leave pie behind, it either all get's eaten or I take it home... except when it probably can't be eaten later cause it's too soggy to save). With three glasses of a Sangiovesse chianti and tip, the tab was $120.00. Reasonable, but I just wish the food had been tastier. If there is a next time, I think a visit with a lactose tolerant friend so I can sample the cheeses and the salads we saw being devoured at a nearby table. They looked like a better bet (and of course I'll have to get a lot more of the tasty bread next time).
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,7/7/2009,122,182,6,6,7>With as much as Natalie is getting mentioned on Yelp I feel like she's the waitress from the Coffee Shop on Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia! So low and behold who is my waitress last night on my solo excursion to HH here! Natalie and she was cool and a very attentive waitress and sat and had a brief chat with me etc.So on to the Cowboy, first thing you walk in and there a counter with board games, Me, Myself and I thought about playing some monopoly but first time in we decided that its best to be low key! Seriously I know other places have board games and to me what a great idea sniped from big cities and brought to Denver! So I selected the booth right by the door which allowed me to basically see the whole bar and allowed me to look right at Fat Sully's and drool (more on the cherubic Sullys later), and I was impressed with the decor, the exposed brick, the booths lining the walls and the bar smack in the middle, How cool would it be to play king of the hill in the elevated seating area right behind that bar! There's the standard issue pool tables and one thing I liked it there was a nice eclectic mix of music, now I am as previously stated a hip hop head but don't mind places that spin a mix of music because granted I know there are many haters who don't like hip hop. Being a hip hop head, I am a tad narrow-minded in my music knowledge so I have no clue who the artist where playing the theme music for this foray, but it was perfect!'I was offered a menu that seriously through a wrench in my plans because I was set on just a order of HH wings .60 cents each and a Slice from Sully's. Well right there on the menu like it was in Neon was Garlic French Fries! The only thing that would have made this stand out more prominently to me would have been throwing in the magical Bacon! So I ordered Garlic Fries, A Slice and six wings most place that do HH make you order in increments of 5 or 10 or full orders, Natalie said I could order any amount so I tested it and went and got 6 with the sweet and tangy garlic sauce! The wings were average sized and decent enough the sauce was a little sweet but the more I ate of it I found I really liked it even ended up dipping my fries in the left over wing sauce. The fries were classic shoe string fried to a perfect crispness lathered in Garlic, there's a treasure at the bottom of the fry basket it's a little garlic crunchiest and man are the straight blast of garlic, Yum. Having these sprinkled on the top of the fries would have had these fries that much better! The slice from Sully's was on point as well and you can read about that in my other review I am about to post.I joked with Natalie about Yelp and she's said there was a poem on Yelp about her and sure enough there is and there are proclamations of affection and nominations for the best waitress here etc. I will say she's very good she takes care of you and is attentive to your needs. I wont right a poem or a rap or even make bold statements about her but I will say that when I come back I hope she's my waitress because she's cool people! So Natalie + Atomic Cowboy + Fat Sully's = Crazy Delicious and will have me coming back and back and back. Peace
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,7/6/2009,210,385,7,8,7>"Their Tacos Al Pastor are really great," I said to my father-in-law, as we settled in over a big pile of styrofoam takeout boxes. "Pasteur? As in Louis?" he smirked back at me.I knew he was joking, but I had no comeback. After all, I have NO IDEA what "al pastor" actually means. No Habla Espanol, me. Maybe it means "big chunk of mystery meat rotating on a vertical spit." Maybe it's Spanish for "gyros," because that's kind of what it looks like. Or maybe it's just translated into, "really freakin' good." Whatever it is, if you find yourself in a big yellow room somewhere on South Federal, you'd be smart to order it. Just trust me. Tacos Y Salsas (#3!!) is pretty amazing. It's real, authentic Mexican the way real, authentic Mexican SHOULD be. That is to say: delicious, spicy, and cheap. Emphasis on the cheap! A taco here, on average, will run you less than two bucks. Did you hear me? TWO BUCKS. And that's for a fresh corn tortilla stuffed full with a healthy pile of your meat of choice (vegetarians need not apply) and unlimited access to their crazy array of mouth-scorching salsas. Green salsas, red salsas, orange salsas, chopped salsas, pureed salsas... the list goes on. The only thing they don't offer is any MILD salsas. That's right... they're hot. And by hot, I mean SCREAMIN' HOT. No joke. If you're a novice, go easy. Remember... you can always add more, but you can't scrape off what you've dumped. And speaking of dump, I wish they'd move the trash cans away from the salsa bars... or at least cover them better. Ick... fruit flies. There are better places for trash cans than right. next to. the food. Sketchy health code issues notwithstanding, Tacos Y Salsas still offers some straight-up delicious food, for a straight-up delicious price. Bonus points to anyone who can actually tell me what "Al Pastor" really means! On second thought... never mind. I don't think I want to know. Sometimes, when it comes to food, ignorance truly IS bliss.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,7/5/2009,120,135,3,9,10>This review is not just for the restaurant, it's also for the man behind the madness. Marco, time and time again you have blown me away with your generosity and your passion for pizza!The first time I went to Marco's I wasn't quite sure what to expect and being a self-proclaimed, Chicago native, pizza snob I was skeptical. However, I was more than pleasantly surprised by this phenomenal treat! The coal fired pizza is a classier style of pizza with super fresh ingredients and the perfect crust. The ovens are open so you can actually watch your pizza rising! The flour is flown in from overseas to ensure that it's the perfect consistency of light and fluffy but yet still crunchy and crisp, key elements to a perfect foundation! There's street parking and even a small lot, which is especially nice during baseball season since the street parking is generally sparce on days the Rockies play at home. Everyone from the host to the owner are really nice, attentive, and were more than accommodating when our small group became particularly large and kept growing.The inside has a great energy that is perfect for a night out with friends or a Friday night date. If you walk all the way through there is a patio out back for you to bask in the sun while your food is being prepared. If you don't like the sun, but you love fresh air, no worries, there are sun umbrellas on almost every table!!Marco's is my top pick for classy pizza in Denver! Great food, great people, great service all for a super reasonable price. You can dress up or dress down and not feel anything other than happy and full!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2009,7/4/2009,385,547,3,4,4>The first thing I order at Las Pasadita is a Tecate with a lime and their Pasadita Queso dip.  Wow!  Queso here is heavenly.  It is served in a large bowl, with large pizza shaped fried chips, not enough chips to cheese ratio here folks.  Certainly, the proportions are a bit off, but they serve the endless baskets of chips to finish the orange bowl of love with.  Step 1.Then you have to decide on what to eat, the queso is really filling for a couple and certainly by yourself.  Everything here is good, good being under accountable.  The food is really tasty, filling and completely affordable.  I've eaten here regularly [a few times a month over a years time] and nothing has ever come close to disappointing my taste buds.Step 2. Don't do what I did and rely on your plastic.  Usually, I go by myself and pay with cash, so it has never been an issue.  They do not accept credit cards.  Funny [quick] story, I was with my brother and his date and we all put our cards in to pay and no one had enough cash.  The closest ATM is at the Safeway grocery store a block away.  That was a bit embarrassing for the walk of shame, but it gave my brother and date some quality La Pasadita time together.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,7/3/2009,342,357,2,8,9>This is one restaurant that I had been dying to go to for quite awhile.  I had pretty high expectations... I mean, look at all the great reviews... and they managed to meet them all (even during 5280 week!):Ambiance - such a cute place that is laid back, but also elegant, in a homey-type of wayService - outstanding... never an empty water glass, and our server was very personable with a great sense of humorFood - excellent... favorites were the tempura veggies/shrimp appetizer, braised short ribs, gnocchi, and the sticky toffee pudding.  I also appreciated the fact that none of the course choices cost extra, during 5280 weekOverall Dining Experience - one of the best I've had in Denver.  I will definitely return, and look forward to their new spring menu!
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,7/2/2009,14,38,3,4,7>My only regret with Chubby's is that I was not aware of it until just a few years ago. I was taken there in the wee hours on a Sat. night to try out the smothered green chile burrito and the tamales.  The waiting area....  I felt like singing loudly, "One of these things is not like the other, one of these things just doesn't belong!"  I'm the tall pale Irish gal who will ask for extra chile and every time they will look at me and raise an eyebrow and say, "You sure about that?"  Yes I am sure.. bring it!The smell that hits you when you walk in-- oh god this is what heaven must be like.  It's got that greasy, spicy quality to it that leaves you feeling like you need to wash your face when you leave.  It's awesome.The tamales are by far my most favorite thing on the menu.  Just wow.  Soft and moist and steaming hot, they're sold by half dozen and are absolute perfection.  I've gotten dozens upon dozens of these by now and not once have i been let down.  I have to eat one on the drive back.  Have to, can't help myself.  The smothered deluxe burrito is packed with meat and cheese, lettuce, tomato and sour cream... It comes sandwiched between two stapled together paper plates.  An interesting way to serve it, yet it keeps it hot and steamy and there's no need to worry about trying to unwrap anything.  I haven't had any decent green chile in at least a month (I've been on a Pho kick lately).  It's time for another trip to the Original Chubby's.  I'll drive right by that fake one on Federal while getting there.  And when I arrive I'll hold the door for the hooker in clear heels leaving with her order.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,7/1/2009,115,175,3,5,4>IN. CREDIBLE.My best dining experience in Denver, Bar None!If you go, try and get in Elsie's section-- she was friendly and the kindest person that's ever waited on me.I went with a group of 4 of my friends for dinner last night, one of which had just spent his entire paycheck on paying his bills (rent, utilities), and upon hearing "I'll just be drinking water" was brought a free lemonade with a flavor shot. Then, when ordering, she brought him ribs, again, on the house. I have NEVER seen this level of kindness to neighbors from any restaurant, local or chain.As for myself, I had the chicken, and the medium bbq sauce had me sweating-- something normally I don't do unless I have the hottest of hot buffalo wings.My friend had the wings which were also very hot, another had the half and half with pulled pork and fish-- the food itself was awesome, and the portions were very generous.I will absolutely be back (fun fact: apparently Joe Biden visited not too long ago). This place is an absolute asset to the community.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,6/30/2009,164,180,7,14,13>Yummy Schmummy. There was an hour and a half wait at the place we tried to go to so we changed our minds and went to Twelve.... and were so happy and fulfilled. We got sat right away by the happy host... Let's just say a place can be judged on their scallops. Chewy and dry? No. Scrumptious. Juicy. Fall apart with your fork yummy. I like to review a place before I read the other reviews... so here goes. I was delighted to walk in and reminisce about Manny's. This space used to be a greasy, fried heaven of a blues bar. Now it's a foodie's heaven and needs more recognition because it has real food. Fresh, gourmet and very knowledgeable service. We sat at the bar and liked our server so much we shared our dessert with him (you know how it is - we forced him to partake in our dessert). Please support this place. It was not crowded and deserves our *insert positive adjective here* local palates and supportive reviews. It's called "Twelve" because they said they change their menu every month. Seasonal and down-to-earth.  Super wine selection from one of the best someliers in town.  Yes.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,6/29/2009,91,139,22,13,11>Luka smells like Eucalyptus!  How great is this place??  You go in, pick the shampoo/conditioner you want, pick the shower, and wash your stinky dog!!Luka hates baths.  He doesn't get it, and he looks at me like I'm about to torture him.  Well, he didn't have too much of a better attitude at Heavenly Dog, BUT, I was able to get him in fairly easy, (sooo much easier than lifting him into the tub), the water pressure and the extra help from my bf had us in and out in no time.  We've commited to going here at least a couple times month.  We live in SE Aurora, but it's worth the drive.Just a side note... I SWEAR Luka had a swagger that I've not seen before when we went for our walk at Wash Park.  Bitches were wantin' his ass, but he wasn't payin' them no mind...That eucalyptus works wonders...
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2009,6/28/2009,2899,601,13,17,13>How sad is it that I've had more stylists than dates since I moved to Denver? It's okay. You don't have to say. I know it's sad. BUT. As of 2 months ago, I totally love my hair, and I will salon-hop no longer. Andee is one talented gal. She actually did homework on me before I showed up to the salon. She looked up old pics of me on f/b to figure out what color and style she thought would work on my face. That's what I call attention, people!The salon is cozy, and I like how you get to watch her mix colors out in the open. (You know how most stylists go back into some curtained room come out with a bowl of color? What the heck are they doing back there? Andee does her mixology up front and center, and for some reason I really like watching that process.) Plus, she's fun to hang out with for a few hours while you're getting your 'do done. Star 1: Love the location on Pearl St.Star 2: Andee is a sweetheart and will figure out a style that suits you. She also has great taste in music.Star 3: Love having an adult beverage while I'm waiting.Star 4: Good prices.Star 5: I don't have to be a salon slut anymore.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2009,6/27/2009,5,9,,15,8>It's the economy. Like many of us, I've had to cut (wayyyyyy) back on those special-occasion dinners out. You know, the ones that come close to a $200 tab for two. And even those quick, let's just grab a casual-bite-at-a-bar type dinners have been replaced by a store-bought roast chicken served up with a heapin' side of steamin' styrofoam packed goodness. Because even those casual dinner's at a bar run $50 plus tip. And you can pull off the whole chicken and a side thing at home for about $10. Times be tough. My partner and I visited nearby Locanda Del Borgo for restaurant week. It was the second time we'd eaten there and we both came away scratching our heads in confusion. Confused because we really, really wanted this place to succeed but annoyed because we don't think it should. Everything about the restaurant projects a neighborhoody type vibe. Although admittedly this is the oh-so toney  Hilltop / Crestmoor neighborhood. Still, it's the sort of place where we'd like to think we could drop in for a light salad, bowl of pasta, glass of red wine sort of meal.The disconnect for us isn't the food - which is very good. Simple and well executed. Although there is little on the menu that makes me smile in anticipation of trying a dish that I couldn't also find at about a fifty other Italian restaurants in Denver. The disconnect for me are the prices. Even our prix-fixe, $52.80 dinner for two (appetizer, entrée, dessert) topped $100+ with three glasses of wine and a tip. And if this hadn't been restaurant week, the check would have grown to $150.Maybe it's me. Maybe it's the state of my finances. But even $100 for  a couple of salads, a couple of plates of (very good pasta) and a couple desserts? In a neighborhood type of place, no less. It left me confused. Happy because I'd just had a very good meal. Angry because I felt like I'd paid way too much for what I got.If it's neighborhood Italian I'm looking for, I'll drive to the Cherry Tomato. If it's high end, special occasion, kneel at the alter of ambitious, creative Italian, I'll visit Lucca d'Italia.  I know I'll leave those places patting my belly, not scratching my head.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2009,6/26/2009,237,363,20,11,15>I am a pervert. I like to watch my husband devour cupcakes with voyeuristic glee. The way his eyelids flutter, his deep-throated moan - I love watching him eat cupcakes as much, if not more, than eating them myself. In the past week, I've been to Happy Cakes twice. I've spent $25 on 11 cupcakes. (The $2 Tuesday deal helped me with this.) I'm planning to go again on Saturday. The Red Velvet was scrumptious with the cream cheese frosting. The Chocolate on Chocolate (CoC) Todd declared to be "the cupcake of his childhood" and his official favorite. I didn't expect to like the Jack & Coke based on previous reviews, but tasted the smooth flavor of the bourbon more than I expected to. The Pom Pom was interesting, but I'm not a huge fan of sugary cereal so will probably give that a pass in the future. The Snickerdoodle cupcake tasted just like a snickerdoodle cookie and is an easy favorite. The peanut butter cup cupcake was pretty good, but something about the frosting didn't hit home for me. The oatmeal butterscotch cupcake was very tasty and far more butterscotchy than oatmealy. In each case, the cake is firm but not dry and the icing is creamy and not too sweet.Saturday I'm going back for the Guinness cupcake and the Maple Bacon cupcake. That's right, two Yelp favorites combined - Cupcakes & Bacon. I'm not sure if I'm excited or scared. My only complaints about this fantastic bakery is that I have hurt myself trying to stretch my mouth big enough to take a bite of the cupcake from top to bottom and that they have too many delicious flavors to tempt me. I appreciate that they specialize in cupcakes. They have multiple sizes, but primarily have a very reasonably sized medium cupcake that I think is "just right." They also have a Papa Bear big cupcake and teensy tiny Baby Bear cupcakes, but they are special order only. I'm impressed that they offer gluten free cupcakes as I have several friends with Celiac disease. Right now they are offering a pretty cool contest. If you enter a new and exciting flavor they decide to make, you can be the new CFO - Chief Flavor Officer! You win 10 cupcakes a week for a year plus a $365 stipend! I hope they pick me! (I will share my cupcakes as I don't wish to die of cupcake overload.)
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,6/25/2009,214,247,,12,9>Betcha didn't know:Biker Jim makes gourmet cheesecakes by special order. My son ordered a pumpkin cheesecake for Thanksgiving. Unfortunately the center was kinda runny, although it tasted good. Jim asked how it had been, my son told him, and Jim gave him a free cheesecake of his choice. That's caring service. The replacement cheesecake was Kahlua with cream in an Oreo crust. We took it to a Christmas Eve party, and everyone raved about it. Fantastic. Son also reports Jim makes homemade ice cream when he has the concession stand (which he has currently rented to someone else).
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,6/24/2009,214,316,9,10,15>I will be making a valiant effort to make more money not to just pay my bills, pay off debt, but to be able to eat here more often!Let's just say I was blown away by how freaking charming it is inside. Be prepared to step into another time zone. I kept expecting  Frank Sinatra to walk in with cocktail in hand. It also had a classy yet comfortable vibe. I spent a lot of the evening just looking around.First of all the bar is sooo different from the dining area and I would love to just come and hang out and have a couple of cocktails. It reminds me of an old diner. With it's bar stools and low counter top with the tv on and people just hanging out and chatting.They also have these bread sticks that look like a floral arrangement of sticks and small branches...but are so worth eating. They have a delicious garlic and spicy flavor.The steak was AWESOME. Cooked perfectly and mine came with jalapeno butter...so damn dirty. I could hear my cholesterol reaching for new heights but didn't really care! It also came with some zucchini and yellow squash and your choice of potato. I opted for mine baked and it was tasty also! The salad was also one of the best because of the dressing which I am guessing is made in house. It was a pecan vinaigrette that had craisins in it. So yummy!The service was great and they handled a big party graciously. ::::::::::::Will work for food at Bastien's:::::::::::::::::
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,6/22/2009,202,82,5,19,13>Five stars, because I'll kick it Root Down every chance I get!What a cool building!  It's an old auto shop and they've kept the garage door features so I'm really looking forward to summer days on their patio or in their open air dining room.  The floor in their entry is cork and the dining room floor is repurposed gymnasium floor, complete with the team's logo in places.  The private party room's wall appears to be decorated with different sized medallions, which upon further investigation are lids from tin cans.  The booths seem like that of the former Swim Club.  The decor is fun, funky, and fresh and the clientele is diverse and mostly casually dressed.The service was fantastic!  It's so rare that you get wait staff in Denver who want to stop and explain things to you without seeming rushed.  Our waitress started off our meal with some warm wash cloths for our hands and some barley water for our palettes.  Joe C. got one of the Oogave sodas, sweetened with Agave nectar.The three of us ordered some soup and a bunch of small plates to share.  We tried the Carrot Curry and the Beet soup.  Both were good but the Carrot was the winner.  Next we had the veggie sliders with sweet potato fries.  Crisp, flavorful and gone in two bites.Next came the grilled green bean salad with homemade paneer cheese.  The sauce had a distinct but not overwhelming soy sauce flavor and catered perfectly to my palette's salty preference.  Joe C. and Slick got the Mussels and only wished there were more of them.While they were eating the Mussels, the Vegetarian Pot Pie came out.  It was more like a delicious Croissant baked over a giant bowl of tasty, gravy stew.  It was creamy and delicious, and filled with tasty vegetables and small pieces of tofu which I barely noticed.While the pot pie was the only vegetarian entree, the majority of the small plates were vegetarian which makes this the perfect place for Vegetarians and Omnivores to enjoy a delicious meal together.  These guys know how to make vegetables live up to their delicious potential!Oh, and the best part is, most of the stuff we really liked is on the Happy Hour menu, so this may be my new favorite Happy Hour place!  Happy hour is 5-7pm Monday through Friday as far as I know.  I can't wait to have some of those tasty sounding cocktails!  There's a bar area with a giant TV as well, so I'm jealous of everybody that lives in the neighborhood.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,6/21/2009,68,174,2,6,8>A frequent stop any time we're down south and have a hankering for that great icy goodness. They always have the staples of Gelato, all named in the native tongue. And although they don't have the pretty decorative fruit or candied nuts on top of each of the pans, all the flavors have been consistently good. They measure by both American and European scoops so you can split flavors and it's all served in a waffle cone or those really thin little plastic cups. And they have scoop stamp cards !!! The interior is really cute and kinda similar to a lot of the cafes you find in Europe. They also offer sandwiches which are all right, coffee, and organic tea. On the shelf with the tea there are other knick knacks and Euro coffee presses, etc. Also, the staff is always really patient and willing to let you try anything you want. They almost always have great tunes playing and if you happy to see a really rad dude behind the counter he might actually go and pull his guitar out from the back a strum you a tune.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,6/20/2009,160,455,3,4,4>Been to Tibet's twice now, once for take-out Indian food and once for Tibetan fare with a friend, was very pleased both times.  It's on the west side of McCaslin, N of 36, about 2-3 strip malls N of 36 - you turn in left at the Dairy Queen.  Entering, you are greeted with many pieces of art from that sector of the world, including woven rugs hung on the walls, tapestries, various statues (presumably of Hindu deities), 3 of 4 various sized cool-looking prayer wheels (unknown if they're ok to touch and give a spin to, someday I'll ask) and even a wonderful looking large dragon mask with 3 skulls set on top of it.  It's so cool it's the wallpaper on my phone. :) I think I may need to upload it as a pic. ;)If you're getting take-out, you'll have a wonderfully soft cushioned leather sofa to sink down into, if you don't feel like perusing the various decorations that festoon the place.  All the dishes (outside of those in the buffet) are made fresh to order, and you can make special requests (including dairy free, gluten free or vegan) when you order and the chefs will accommodate those for you.   The waitstaff would be best described as quiet and cheerful.My most recent visit my friend and I both ordered from the Tibetan cuisine part of the menu.  We ordered the Tibetan Roll for an appetizer, 2 large eggroll-like-but-not-eggroll wraps with vegetables and some delicious gooey cheese which were amazingly tasty.  For entrees, I had the thenthuk (stew), a large bowl of vegetables, potatoes, homemade wheat dough, in a flavorful broth. You can choose your protein to be cooked into this framework and I chose *yak*.  That's right, *yak*.  It's fun to say, say it with me!! ***YAK!*** GO YAKS! (cheer) whee! :) Yak tastes like very tender beef, it was amazingly flavorful.  My friend had the thukpa - a bowl of home made noodles, fresh vegetables in a flavorful broth - and he also choose yak as his meat.   We're both big fans now.   Both dishes were served with naan bread, and unlike Sunshine 2 reviews back who had the misfortune of having doughy, unpuffed naan, ours was soft and puffed and delectable!!! mmmmm...I love naan...how something that so resembles a flour tortilla can taste so much better than one, I have no idea.We both had delicious lassi as our beverage, I opted for the somewhat exotic banana lassi which I'd never seen at any Indian place previously, and my friend got the standard mango lassi.  Both were wonderful -- and filling!  You get a *nice* sized glass of lassi for $3, not a little glass better suited for jello pudding to be served in.  For whatever reason, their menu calls it "lashi"...which made me think of Lassie.  Weird.Both portions were far more than either of us could force into our expanding bellies so we took them home.  I confess to fishing in mine on the way home and swiping out a piece or 2 of YAK.  Yummmmmmmmmmm. Dishes are very reasonably priced, you can dine like royalty here if you're budgetarily-challenged -- there's not 1 item on the menu over $15.  They have a lunch buffet every day from 11am-2:30pm, but I've never been to try that, so I can't speak for that -- but dinnertime?  I'm *so* in.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,6/19/2009,12,21,3,12,4>Scene #1: Last summer. I decide that it's finally time to frame a large, uniquely sized poster that I got overseas. I want to display it, but don't want the sticky-tacked college dorm look, so I decide to head to the Michaels around Colorado and Evans and check out their frames. Bad call. Store reeks of perfumed candles (hello, headache) and nothing off the shelf fits this particular piece (and it all looked super cheap anyway.) So I attempt to engage the people at the framing counter. Not friendly, not helpful, and again, cheap stuff. Argh. So I walk out, and see a sign a few stores down in the strip mall: ABC Custom Framing. The store is clean, professional and scent-free. I'm helped immediately by an incredibly friendly and helpful woman who it turns out is also the owner (another plus- the store is family owned and run.) She looks at my poster, recommends a frame and explains an option for posters- some sort of special spray that preserves it at a much lower cost than traditional framing. Done and done. Poster looks great, service was spot-on and it wasn't horribly expensive. Yay ABC.Scene #2: A few weeks ago. My bf wanted to frame some paintings that he got for his family. He, too, is on a budget, and despite my objections decides to start at Michaels. If possible, this experience was even worse than the last. The person at the framing counter was rude and literally had no idea what he was talking about. Unhelpful is an understatement. We stood there, staring at these cheap and ugly frames, and finally my bf just said, "Ok. Let's go." So we proceeded to ABC again. And again, the experience was everything that a shopping experience should be. The guy who helped us was knowledgeable and helped us decide how the paintings would be best presented. And again, he also helped us meet our budget. ABC has a program where you work with the framers and tell them what you want (frame, mat, etc) but then they actually make the final decision and use their best judgment for the framing process. This method- essentially putting your piece into the hands of professionals who know your style- saves you 30%. Once more, done and done. (One more note: his paintings ended up being about $10 more at ABC than they would have been at Michaels, even with the "60% off" sale. I can't emphasize enough what piece of mind in terms of quality and craftsmanship that $10 brought us.)No more wasting time at Michaels (I suppose I should voice my opinions on their service in a different review, but the juxtaposition to ABC was so intense that I had to make it part of this story.) Hooray for ABC- I love that I now have a place that I know and trust- so reassuring. Now if I could only find the perfect pizza place...
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,6/17/2009,97,68,11,9,12>I took my little sister here for the Petticoat Brunch and it was our first time. For a lot of things.1) The wait was 40 minutes, but we waited because as we were walking up, we saw a tall, Amazonian drag queen wearing a blonde wig in pigtails, a white tube top and clear stripper heels stumble out of the building and onto the street. That was probably the first sign that the next hour was going to be super ridiculous.2) As we were waiting, we took a look at the homemade snacks in a glass counter and the decor. The snacks all had sexually suggestive names, there was a giant rice krispies treat that included four or five different cereals, the walls were brightly painted with Warhol and Barbie memorabilia posted throughout the shop, and there was a turquoise bra hanging from a tree branch like most restaurants hang designer lanterns and you know, classy things.3) When we were served, the menus were glued onto the backs of Cyndi Lauper and Devo 12" records.4) Our waiter was Dicksie Norms. He was HILARIOUS. He said he'd seen nothing but fat bitches all day and we were already his favorite table. Then he called me a slut, said I was too distracting and forgot our order three times, but I never went without a full glass of water, napkins, or questions about how my food was. I ordered the bagel and lox, and it was delicious. My sister ordered the Chicken enchiladas or something like that. They came with potatoes and I stole most of it. I think they put crack in that mess, it's to die for. 5) I've never gotten cock-whipped in my life, much less in public.Bump and Grind is a great place. The pricing isn't too bad, the food is flavorful and festive, and the "waitresses" should all be famous. It'll be legendary if it isn't already.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,6/16/2009,128,109,12,12,11>Man I don't know if I should review the restaurant or the patrons, maybe both.  Ok yeah, both.We cruised into Sushi Train at 4 PM on Saturday, technically they were not yet open but as there was a convention across the street (an anime convention no less) they opened early, yay!That brings us to the patrons.  As we were waiting for our waitress to get sorted out and for them to start getting the train stocked up, there was another pair there ordering to go.  One of them was a regular (In her own mind) and was really loud and asking for free stuff.  Ugh.We ordered the cucumber salad and scallop dynamite while waiting for the train to get up and running.  The salad came out quickly, was MASSIVE and was topped with seaweed.  Very very tasty, get it.The scallops took much longer and while ok, were really nothing spectacular, you could probably skip them unless you love mayo based sauces, you really shouldn't love mayo based sauces though.As the train got up and running, more patrons trickled in.  Did I mention it was an anime convention across the street?  Yeah.  It suuuure was!  We had the creepy older guy with wings accompanying the cute younger girl with wings and cat ears that he had clearly just picked up at the convention.  This guy had never set foot in a sushi bar or japanese restaurant of any variety before and spent copious amounts of time flapping his wings and complaining about the prices on the sushi menu. Oh yeah, the sushi menu, if, for some reason you don't want to grab your food off of the train (what the hell is wrong with you, dude) you can order any of their specialty rolls off of the menu.  My boyfriend did that as he is a certified roll whore.  He tried the Aspen roll which is a really tasty concoction of salmon, lemon slices and various roe.  Get this one if you have tastebuds and you don't suck.Back to the train though.  As it chugs along you can grab whatever you want, as you wait for your order, as the full family of anime convention goers on my right did;Two daughters, one of which was about 6, one of their friends and one very ragged looking mother chaperoning them all around in their geisha costumes complete with cat ears and stuffed wolves (I guess?  I have no eye for anime) The older girls ordered a "fancy" roll off of the menu and the mother and younger girl ordered a california roll and two pieces of unagi.  The combo came out and the two girls, who clearly had NO CLUE what it was they had ordered, took it and ate it. These two girls who sat there the entire time discussing the culturally proper way of wrapping and wearing their costumes did not realize their mistake until their actual order came out and the waitress explained what they had eaten. At that point they pawned off what they had ordered onto their mother as they wanted to save room for ice cream.Back to the food.  As the train choo-choos about on its track you will see many things with a baked on creamy sauce.  Do not be fooled, this is mayo.  There may be other things in this sauce, there probably are other things in this sauce, but it is primarily mayo.  I don't really like mayo and therefore was not overly impressed with the sauce.Overall I do like Sushi Train and I will definitely go back.  Despite the weird patrons that you no doubt see there often (the hotel hosts quite a few conventions), the food is decent enough and I think it's really well priced.  You can go in, grab just a plate or two off of the train and have a quick lunch for around $7 or you can order off of the menu and stuff your damn face for $30, your call!
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,6/15/2009,15,10,6,3,5>OH BOY!!!!!! My sweet tooth has found a new lover. After a rousing game of kickball yesterday my friends and I treated ourselves to the newly opened Sweet Action Ice Cream shop on S. Broadway. A awesome addition to the neighborhood for sure. It sure beats another Tattoo or Head shop:) Wanna get a cone after the movie, dinner, bar? Perfectly located.That atmosphere was warm and welcoming. The girls behind the counter made me feel right at home. That is if my home were and amazing fortress of ice cream made of all types of cool flavors. Instead of going for something new for me (like the vegan coconut). I went with something a little familiar. Peanut Butter cup. It was my grandfathers favorite and it is my favorite. The key with any good ice cream shop is to get the essentials down. Chocolate, Vanilla etc. You gotta nail those and so far, they do. I'll be trying out the vanilla tonight:)One of the owners even came over and sat down to chat with us for a bit and that made things even better. It's nice to feel welcome.Okay, why not 5 stars? Cause it's not the creamery in State Collage, PA. The Meca of Ice cream for this kid. In the freezer I noticed a container labeled C.R.E.A.M. Please dear lord, tell me this is a Wu Tang flavor and it is only a dolla dolla bill ya'll.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,6/14/2009,118,148,7,10,9>I could write this review with only one word (the word is "AWESOME!"), but they are so awesome that I feel the need to elaborate a bit. I called because Frank, my Nirve bike was acting up. The spring had fallen off of the seat (AKA the saddle), my basket was all wonkey, and I didn't know what to do. Oh the humanity! A damsel in distress! The fellow on the phone told me to bring Frank in and they'd see what they could do. I did just that.When I walked in the door the guy in the service area greeted me and I told him what was wrong with poor Frank. I said things like "tune up" and "wonkey" and "done broke" and he didn't even judge me!! He greased, tightened and checked out and only charged me ten bucks. Plus he told me what to look for with the things that are starting to wear out. That is what I call friendly service. He was also cute, so that never hurts. But, on the serious side everyone that I came in contact with at Turin was really nice and super helpful, so I would recommend taking your pedal pushers to Turin for some of the best service in town.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,6/12/2009,56,131,5,8,7>I went there twice last week, once on Tuesday for wine and then on Sat for wine and cheese and the bar, then dinner at a table.I have to say, I am a total fan! The flights of wine are fun and you get to try a variety of wines that you might have never tried before.The meat and cheese plate was great!  The bleu cheese and proscuitto were my favs for sure.I know there have been several comments about the service...I am not sure if they have been reading "yelp", but they were on it!  Our server and bartender were super patient, helpful, and knowledgeble!4 of us had fours apps (so we could sample), 2 pizzas, and 2 of the pasta entrees, and wine and our total was $30 per person with lots of leftovers.The pasta of the day was a baked linguine with duck in a ricotta, smoked tomato cream sauce.....super rich, but HELLO!! This HUGE entree was 10 dollars.  I don't think any entree was over 10, I think that is great!  We didn't love the pizzas, but I cant wait to try some of the paninos.She also insisted the b-day boy have dessert on them, he was full, so she wrapped it to-go.I will def be back! Should I regret buying my house in the highlands?? This neighborhood is getting some of my new favs!!! Nah, love the highlands, but this is great competition!
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,6/11/2009,260,513,7,9,13>"Is this bringing back memories," he whispered in her ear; "If I stare long enough, I think I'm having a flash back." With a grin and a faraway look, she replies, "I saw Janis, Iron Butterfly, Morrison, Bo Diddly, read Ken Kesey, turned on, tuned in, and dropped out. This is so cool." And behind them, two young high school boys said in unison, "WOW, you were there!" And yes, The Psychedelic Experience is such a cool exhibit. I especially liked the Psychedelic Side Trip as it looked just like my apartment of years ago and touched all senses including the smell of patchouli and the feel of ancient album covers as you flipped through them in an apple crate. Besides the above exhibit, I can go really conservative and enjoy Remington's bronze of John Wayne and Russell's The Chase. I like the cultural art of Africa and being creeped out by the talking head in a suitcase, I laugh at Sandy Skoglund's Fox Games, and I am in love with Linda. Where else can you go and have all your senses awakened, including taste if you stop at Palettes or Novo? DAM, this is a great way to spend a day in Denver.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,6/10/2009,713,203,9,22,20>This is the best of the best cheesecake in the Denver area!  Bar none.  My family and I are cheesecake snobs.  We've had cheesecake every where.  We're always looking for the best.Vollmer's made the cheesecake for my wedding.  That's right, instead of wedding cake.  The entire wedding party loved the positive change in tradition.  It was wonderful!When we went to Vollmer's to pick up the cheesecakes for the wedding reception the owner came to give us a tour and he was so kind, patient and even loving.  This is a quality business that's in my top 10 businesses in Denver.  They are the best in the cheesecake business!
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2009,6/9/2009,290,399,4,8,6>Score on finding this restaurant. Why don't I live closer to these fabulous places? Maybe soon... anyhow. This restaurant is the perfect hybrid for my relationship with my BF. I can mow lots of different kinds of yummy sushi til my hearts content and he can get his bulgogi and kimchee! The rainbow roll was great and I have no idea what kind of sauce they drizzle on it but it's awesomely tasty. My one complaint was that they have weird skinny metal chopsticks. I'm already kind of "challenged" when it comes to using chopsticks so this almost pushed me over the edge.However, the service was fantastic! Our waitress was quick, friendly, helpful, everything we could have asked for AND she said she can give us wooden chopsticks or a fork even if we wanted. And wasn't judgy about it - 5 stars Uoki!
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,6/8/2009,135,320,6,11,11>Once upon a time when Robin was a little girl, she, her siblings and Mother would walk to a Polish deli in St. Louis so her Mom could pick up lunch meat.  Being a wise Mom she first had her children each pick out a pickle from the big pickle barrel at the end of the deli counter.  This kept her little ones happy and busy while she took care of her shopping.  Me and my sibs would sit on the stoop out front and savor our well picked out pickles.Why did I open this review with a story of my youth?  Well one of the things she would pick up was a cold cut called krakauer.  For whatever reason I have been craving this even though I haven't had it since I was a kid way back in St. Louis.  So where did I turn in my search - to my fellow knowledgable Yelpers.  I was given a couple recommendations and decided to try this place first since it was the closest to my abode.Walking in I was reminded of some of the delis of my youth, well stocked with a selection of goodies and a friendly gentleman behind the deli case that welcomed me as I walked in the door.  Looking in the meat case my eyes were draw to a label that read "KRAKAUER"  Score!  I ordered some and preceeded to wander the isles.  I really wished I read Russian, however I recognized alot and there were English translations on some items so I was set.  After picking out a couple more items I went back to the counter and paid (very reasonable prices).  I couldn't wait to get home to take a taste and grabbed a couple slices in the car - I was in my happy place.  The interesting thing was that one of the other items I picked up was a jar of baby dill pickles, they just looked tasty (and they were).
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,6/6/2009,92,394,3,9,11>Five stars - I proudly give this new addition to the South Pearl neighborhood my highest rating for non-fast-food burgers. I keep trying to come up reasons to give it "only" four stars because I believe that five stars should be nearly impossible to obtain (see Z Cuisine for my exception). I give this new burgery :-) the big five for the following reasons:1. Delicious, perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned meat - jucy, medium-rare as ordered, 1/3 lb (looked more like 1/2 lb.). No extra salt needed.2. Fresh toppings including ripe tomato and crisp lettuce and onion on the "standard" burger. I don't know what is in the sauce but it does not overpower the burger. Large home-made pickle on the side.3. Lots of mouthwatering options such as haystack onions on top ( a new concept I've never really been into but tried and loved it), crispy but not greasy.4. Great bun, slightly hard on the outside but soft within - perfect size to fit the burger.5. Excellent service - our server (Tatiana) was friendly, attentive and made sure we never ran out of bottomless Diet Coke.In terms of ambiance, Park Burger is small but open and clean with the grill in clear view. The inside includes lots of tables and a nice bar area with stools. Outside, there is a comfortable little patio. If today were not "technically" a work day I would have gladly ordered one of the beers on tap.For me, the test of a great burger is not only how it tastes when you're eating it but how it tastes afterword. You know that yucky, greasy fake cheese taste you're left with after eating a lesser burger - (I like to call this "mouth feel"). Well, Park Burger gets five stars alone for how happy my mouth was after the meal. Once Park Burger is truly discovered by the locals, I have no doubt that it will be come hard to find a table. That's okay with me - it will be worth the wait.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,6/5/2009,81,318,1,8,7>Oh Boy !!!!!!    I finally found it --- A really great pie.  One that is as close to a NY pie as I'm going to get in Denver.Growing up, Pizza had a pretty thin crust that was cooked just long enough to get the dough taste out, without becoming craker-like.Toppings were simple; a long simmered sweet sauce with tons of EVOO, and a ton of cheese.  The crust should bend with the weight of all the sauce, cheese and grease.This is pretty much what I got last night when I order a Large Xtra Cheese at Lil' Ricci's -- definately closer then any other pizza joint with the name NY or NJ in it.They don't deliver, and they don't have fresh herbs ( roasted garlic or fresh basil), but minor points that I can live with-- this is for sure the best pie in Denver Metro.    Yeah !!!
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,6/4/2009,212,239,7,12,10>5 stars alone for the groovy orange spoons and chopsticks. Great service - polite - prompt - everyone seemed as if they really cared that we were happy. Wonderful and filling pho (lots of meat and tendon), nice fresh veggie plate, all the usual additions (fish sauce, Sriracha, etc) clean, and friendly. I finished every noodle, every piece of delicious beef/tendon, every sprout and each little drop of broth - yes, I am thumbing my nose at all sorts of virtues and embracing all types of vices, but I don't really care and I am very pho-filled *sorry*. Try the Vietnamese coffee - OMG, I was shaking half way through lunch. I hear this is sort of an anomaly with me. I shake with the pho and not simply because of the coffee. Lunch with Heidi is like dinner and a show. 'Nuff said. Go now and try it. Why you still reading? Go eat great pho in a great place with a funny name!
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2009,6/1/2009,29,152,2,4,4>After a long day of skiing, we had plans to hit this place for dinner. We made reservations for seven people at 7pm. When we arrived they were ready for us and we sat straight away. The restaurant was pretty busy with only a couple of empty tables. For a strip mall joint the decor was nicely done and the chairs were comfortable. Our drinks came pretty quick and four of us ordered the Hot n' Sour soup to start. The waiter said 'let me check' and when he came back he told us they were out of it then took off again. If he had to check then he must of known and it would of been nice if he asked us if we wanted maybe the Wonton or Eggdrop instead! He did come back eventually and ask that and one guy ordered wonton. The soup had three huge wontons in it and he said it was tasty.I ordered the Chicken curry for dinner. They brought out two bowls of sticky white rice for the table and then our meals. My curry was full with huge chunks of chicken. The menu stated that is was medium spicy and I think may have been a tad underrated as my lips were tingling and my nose was sniffling BUT I wasn't complaining. The waiter kept topping off our water and asking if we needed more drinks. We only had to once ask for more rice for the table and he brought it out quickly. Everyone cleaned their plate so it was all good. My buddy next to me got the spicy bean combo and I may have to try that the next visit as it was very good.So while the location is not close for me, maybe I can make it up there for lunch one day.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2009,5/31/2009,220,1215,2,11,10>I set up a happy hour with some old co-workers for friday night.I knew the place was new, but i didn't know it was THAT new. Meaning - it was PACKED by 6pm on a Friday night. Poop.2 of us managed to belly up to the front bar - so that was a find.Bartenders - super cool!They manage the 2-3 deep at the bar with ease! Amazing I tell you!I went with a Paulaner - and they had it on tap - SWEET!The glass was huge - huge i tell you! And under 6 bucks - sweet jesus that rocks!When the rest of our crowd arrived half wanted to eat - so they put in a request for a table for 6 - i figured we would be SOL.Nope - we were seated within 15 minutes i'd say! Great table - right by one of the fire places!Our waitress- Leslie - rocked! Ask for Leslie! She's fun, she's quick, she knows what she's doing, and she'll even dance a jig with you!I was looking at the Reuben. Cause that is my usual measure of how good a place is.I asked the waitress (Leslie) if she would go with that or the curry - she offered up her 3 favs - the fish pie (i just couldn't go there), the curry (whoda thunk), and the shepherds pie (not my cup of tea)I went with the curry and should have stuck with the reuben. Too sweet for me. Everyone else loved their choices - fish pie - i got a bite and not bad, the mushroom steak stew - heard it was good, sheapard pie - he licked his plate!We also tried the artichoke dip - WOW! They bring you a good amount - that's cool! You do run out of bread pretty quick - so ask for extra!Definitely a hopping place and i'll probably pick a less peak time next time.Might wait till all the hype settles down! But now that there is something on that end of the mall to hang out in - that's very cool!The decor is homey - very cozy. There are 4 bars - so walk around and check them all out.I'll be back to try the reuben!!And i can't wait till they have a happy hour menu!
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,5/30/2009,614,1007,7,13,12>My favorite new breakfast place (sshhh, don't tell anyone) - Ladies, we have a new brunch location.I had the signature 730 benedict, which has crab instead of canadian bacon with a delightful Hollandaise, served on a light croissant. The potatoes were crisp - a little soft in the middle but crisp. Uhm, hmmm.The fresh orange juice was so cold and hit the spot. The fresh fruit alongside my benedict was good (so fresh and so good). Generally speaking, I don't like fruit with my eggs. I kept trying a bite of Bene and a bite of melon. Then a bite of Bene and a bite of strawberry. I wanted to make sure I wasn't missing some flavorful combination that would have made my meal even more wonderful. I wasn't - it was fantastic though. Best breakfast I've had in a long, long time.Service was fast and classy. I didn't feel like I was being waited on by some hungover college student with whiskey on her breath.The environment was bright and airy, but with little private booths and such. Good family environment. Good for couples. Great for mimosa brunches~And...drum roll please...local art.I'm a fan!
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2009,5/29/2009,639,447,12,7,8>I have no idea how I have not reviewed this place until now. Actually, i know exactly why. I thought I had written a review a year ago. Turns out, I hadn't. This place has been the after party headquarters for the Denver Roller Dolls for around a year now, so I've been there plenty o' times in the past year. In fact, some of my more crazy fun time moments or what the hell were you thinking stories have taken place within these not-so-hallowed walls. Things I have done at Bender's in the last year: Wrestled in Oatmeal Wrestled in Applesauce Had a "robot" dance off Been gonged during a karaoke song Had two quarters thrown at me by a bartender Had a total stranger spray and "style" my hair in the bathroom Also, this is just about the only place in the universe that makes me want to have a cigarette. No idea why. I quit smoking 2 years ago, but anytime I go here, I end up having at least one cigarette. Anyway, this place is great! For the most part the bartenders are nice, with a little bit of "I'm not taking shit from you" edge. For the amount of rabble rousing that goes on here, the place is remarkably clean. I just went to my first karaoke Tuesday this week and, um, I was not a productive member of society the following day. It was a blast though! Bender's paired up with the Roller Dolls to do a "Gong Show" fundraiser, so people could buy the ability to gong a song. Admit it, you've really wanted to do this so many times you've lost count. I really enjoy this bar for nights when I feel like there's trouble makin' to be had and I want a high energy bar without the attitude and popped collars of Lodo. Also, it's simply fantastic for people watching!
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,5/28/2009,238,144,12,16,13>I love Enzo's crust. I can't stand thick crust on pizza, or doughy, either. I told them I like crispy crust, and what did I get? Crispy, friggin fantastically crispy crust. After careful consideration, I chose the Spinaci. They should rename this one the Pavlov, because at the mere mention of it, I now start drooling. It's a white pizza, with sauteed spinach, calamata olives, romano, mozzarella. I ordered the medium, just for me, thinking I could eat half now, and save the other half for an easy breakfast while I drive in the morning. So, I ate half. Ahh, 3 pieces will be fine for breakfast, I can have another now. mmmm mmmm. 2 pieces will be ok, just something to get me going. mmmm mmmm. Well, there's no point in just leaving 1 lonely piece for breakfast. mmmm mmmm. Yes, I ate the whole thing. Alone. By myself. Just me. Know what? I will do it again, too. As good as it was, I will order extra calamata olives next time, they are sooo good. But then again, I want to try some other pies, next up, the pomodoro. Wait, I can order 2, and leave 1/2 of each for breakfast, right? That's a great idea!!
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,5/27/2009,1006,957,6,9,9>My boyfriend and I walked in here pre-Yelpapalooza to get some dinner (i.e. prime our stomachs for free cupcakes) and there was virtually no one at any of the tables.  This was 6PM on a Saturday.  The place - and it's big! - was empty save for a group of people crowded around a Nuggets-game-playing TV in the corner, cheering/booing intermittently.  The air smelled very strongly of seafood.  Like, stronger than good seafood should smell.I considered leaving.  I have no tolerance for bad seafood.  My boyfriend suggested ordering the crabcake special and I flat-out vetoed.Until we got our first few tapas.I'm the first to admit when I was wrong and here goes: I WAS WRONG.  My judgment was premature. The food we scarfed down was nothing less than twitching-fresh and innovative to the point of feeling like I was in a whole different region of the planet with each newly arrived plate.Stuff we ordered, in order from most delicious to least delicious (and the 'least delicious' things were still things I'd eat frequently):- Ensalada de Camarones y Aguacate'Light aioli dressing' my ass, the sauce was strong and kicky with spices; it tasted like nothing I've ever eaten before.  The jumbo shrimp were grilled to perfection.- Callo de HachaSavory, snappy scallops, crunchy ham, crusty bread.  Lemon aioli to keep it from being too greasy.  It was initially weird that the scallops were chilled, but now I wonder why I always don't eat them cold!- AlbondigasLamb meatballs in a sauce that, as my boyfriend mused, ''tastes like bagels".  Know why?  Caraway seeds.  Otherwise, it's an unusual combination of mint and almond, and they bring you bread at the end to mop up the extra sauce in the pot.- DatilesI could have done with about 1000% more delicious goat cheese to offset the sweetness of the dates, but, okay, you only want to put a thimbleful in there?  Fine.  I'll still like it.  This was actually our first dish, the dish that made me concede to the crabcakes.- Salmon con EsparragosReally simple, but you could taste the flavor of the grill planks on the asparagus (in a good way) and the smoked salmon was thick, pillowy, and (of course) fresh as could be.- Crab cake special (don't recall the name)Fairly unremarkable crab cakes, paired oddly with spinach and grapefruit slices.  This is the only dish I feel had none of the delicate balance and planning of the other dishes - it felt like they just threw together a plate from leftovers, and didn't stop to consider whether anything was complemented or not.  The sauce for the cakes was pungent in a way you don't want with seafood.  You know, the kind where you get hit in the tongue with the sourness, stop chewing, and go, 'wait, was that the crab?'  It wasn't the crab, it was the sauce, I checked - but it's still not a good feeling.- ChocolavaRun of the mill lava cake.  Fantastic orange creme anglaise; however, it was roughly half a teaspoonful spread out across a corner.  You could hardly taste it.  Next time, if there is a next time, I plan to ask for extra.  This sauce makes the lava cake; without it, it's just a bunch of rich chocolate.  Yeah.. 'just'.So why doesn't this place get 5 stars?  It definitely would, if not for the crazy prices.  Don't let the seemingly low prices on the tapas fool you!  We were still somewhat hungry after spending $70, (6 tapas and a dessert, no alcohol).  As I believe I've said before in other reviews, I have no problem spending $35+ a person for a wonderful dinner with high quality ingredients like this one - but if I'm HUNGRY at the end of it, I get angry.  I don't want to blow $35 only to feel like I should be stopping at the nearest Quiznos, or wherever, just to fill up my stomach afterwards.I could have eaten twice what I did.  I wish I could have my own personal 9th Door chef in my kitchen all the time, crafting delightful finger foods.  But until I'm a multimillionaire, I'll have to settle for going to the restaurant only on very very special occasions.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,5/26/2009,75,167,7,9,10>When we found this place we ate here more in 6 months than I would have thought humanly possible.  Overdosing like that led to several Rapidos free months but Horray! we are back again!I love rapidos.  There is nothing better seeing them hand you that non-descript, white plactic bag full of to-go deliciousness and gigantic styrofoam cups of horchata through that little window at the walk up counter.  Mmmm... I think I will go there when I get off work.  No matter where you live, it is worth the drive.  We eat in our car.  During warmer trips there are outside tables to be had.  It is walk up or drive-thru only.  I hate to admit this but the green chili melts my face off.  It is the hottest green chili in Denver.  I cant do it.... pathetic.  So, prepare yourself. And finally, my favorite part, is that they are open ALWAYS!
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,5/25/2009,245,483,,13,13>While many of us mock the fake plastic lifestyle of the rich and famous, it seems as though nearly everyone is feeling entitled to the shiniest, sexiest produce available.  Go into any King Soopers, Safeway or Whole Foods and you will struggle to find a bad apple, a bruised orange, or a slightly green potato.  While there is nothing wrong with wanting the best possible produce available, you will certainly pay a little extra for it.  Those of you that have grown your own food before know that not all of your fruit and veggies grow into perfect form.  So what happens to the imperfect produce at the grocery store?  Well, some of it certainly goes to the smaller grocery stores who sell it at a markdown.  Pete's is one of these stores.  While not everything here looks sexy, the prices are great and its nice to be supporting a local business.  The selection carried is quite stellar.  In my most recent visit I noted Champagne mangoes, beets, turnips, fresh mint, basil, and artichokes.  The prices dwarf the supermarket competition.  All apples were selling for $0.99/pound.  That includes Pink Lady, Gala, Fuji, and Braeburn (to name a few varieties).  They also carry a variety of fresh feta and a number of other deli products.  The best part of the visit is getting some baklava for dessert.  The staff is energetic and always friendly.  Shopping in a store like this makes the neighborhood feel so much more communal than supporting the giant grocery emporiums.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,5/24/2009,154,252,11,10,8>You'll have to excuse me.  I'll be writing this review as I lay on my bed, hungover on cheesy meaty outrageousness, trying to recover from the bizarre earthquake in my intestines.The culprit on the seismograph (you know, that thing that measures earthquakes) is known as a smothered burrito.  It is always so delicious, and I just kept eating and eating it.  My brain will not allow me to put my fork down.  But alas, I can't even get through one fourth of this monstrosity without feeling something really wrong with my body.  And then I go back for more.Reasonable prices, and actually pretty cheap for what you get.  I get the half & half for the green chile.  Perfect complement for the mound of diary and poultry (or beef or pork, depending on what kind of day I'm having) currently making its way to my stomach (and thighs and buttocks.  You're welcome for the visual).Only complaint?  Closed on weekends.But I hear they do a pretty mean breakfast burrito that will give you the same results as the smothered burrito.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,5/23/2009,26,22,4,21,13>It's a rare occasion when I am not completely disappointed by what passes for Mexican food in Denver.  Now, I know that there are some GREAT places to get Mexican food in our fine city, but when people mention that Blue Bonnet, or Benny's is the BEST Mexican food that they have EVER eaten in Denver- I die just a little inside...Case in point: La Popular.  While it is not a Mexican restaurant per se, it is a shining example of what superb Mexican food should be.  I say that it is not a restaurant because it is more of a food factory.  In the back "warehouse" area they create what are arguably the best tamales in Denver along side great tortillas, and stellar Mexican pastries and cookies that can't be beat.  Yesterday, I decided to swing by on my lunch break and grab a couple dozen tamales for my office to enjoy on a cool, wet day.  One dozen of both the red and green, and a couple pints of green chili in tow, I headed back to the office to feast.  These tamales are so impeccable because they are the perfect balance of ingredients.  The masa is always moist without being soggy.  Through years of perfecting their art, they have developed some sort of "golden ratio" of spicy pork filling to masa that leaves one's mouth pleading for another morsel of delicious.  The filling is just spicy enough to awaken the mouth, and a bit of green chili drizzled over the top enhanced this tingle ever so slightly.My family has been buying tamales from La Popular for 15 years or so, and they have never once disappointed.  But after eating there yesterday, I felt it my duty to let my fellow Yelpers know that if you haven't tried this place out then you are truly missing out on one the superior Mexican joints in town.  At around ten bucks for a dozen tamales, it is a must try!P.S. For a true taste sensation- buy some tamales, bring 'em home, fry up an over-easy egg, lay it over one of your steaming hot tamales, then eat...
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2009,5/22/2009,98,156,3,8,6>Finally!  I made the venture to Pho 95... the hype is right.  What an amazing place!  The wait staff was prompt and accommodating.  Since we'd never been before, we had to peruse the menu for a minute.  We never felt pressured or awkward for not knowing what we wanted.  So right off the bat they were great!   Greeted by everyone that worked there in some way (a smile or a verbal hello).  It just felt very inviting, which is nice in this day and age!   Let's talk about the atmosphere,  we got there just in time, there were a handful of tables, but by the time we ordered the place was jammin' and people were still coming in.  We got there about 1830 on a Tuesday night.  I noticed a lot of regulars being recognized as they entered, also a great sign.  I didn't get up and walk around because I had my little guy there, but there's a big screen against the back wall and a really big fish tank. Okay onto the pho!  I got the large, or should I say the LARGE, number 7 (rare steak and brisket)... holy moly, talk about a massive bowl of goodness!  I loaded it up with the fresh delicious fixins they give and enough siracha to kill a horse!  I will admit that I'm still a pho novice, but none-the-less, this was the best pho to date!!   I finished about half the bowl and could barely move (food coma)!  My sister got the meatball pho and they were tender, delicious and full of great flavor.  The menu was intriguing and I can't wait to go back for more.  The staff throughout the meal was on top of things even though the place was packed, filling our waters (when they're darn near full) and bringing refills on tea and lemonade right away!  At the end of the meal they put everything to go, which is a nice change from the Pho Duy.  If you've had pho you know it's not the easiest to put in a to go container.  Overall a wonderful experience, I don't think that I'll venture from Pho 95 while I reside in Denver.  2 of us for dinner with beverages was 17 bucks, completely stuffed, nutritious food, lunch the next day and a great time!!  If you haven't been here, what the heck are you waiting pho!!
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,5/21/2009,8,1,4,16,8>My family and I dined at Bones this Sunday and had an incredible time.  We ate the majority of the items on the starter menu and all were fantastic.  The chef was even gracious enough to bring us a few things that weren't on the menu to have a taste.  We then moved on to the noodle bowls, all of us ordering something different so that we could each get a taste and share.  My personal favorite was the Udon bowl with Snake River Farms pork and refined, rich veal stock.  The space is small but inviting, and the service is impeccable.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about everything on the menu.  You can sit at the bar and watch your food being prepared by the chefs in their immaculate kitchen.  Truly a show of professionalism,  proper technique and preparation.  With only a handful of Denver restaurants of this caliber, Bones will be a new favorite go to spot for myself and friends.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,5/20/2009,101,138,4,10,10>This may very well be my most enthusiastic 5-Star review.  Ever.I am still thinking about the meal I had last Friday.  I have tried to stop, but I just can't get the food out of my mind.I have seen plenty of places try the same atmosphere, the country homestead kitschy thing, and fail miserably.  This place seems to exude charm effortlessly where the others are trying too hard.The service was spot on. Our server knew his wines, understood the complexity of the dishes, and even knew how the sauce was made on a dish.Without going into more detail than is necessary, I can summarize my thoughts on the meal relatively easily.  I felt like I was a guest judge on Iron Chef and the secret ingredient was whatever ended up on my plate. Presentation was excellent, the food was cooked perfectly and I swear to you I almost peed a little when dessert showed up.Without question the best meal I've had the pleasure of paying for in a long while.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,5/19/2009,95,164,7,13,11>I have been a Mad Greens junkie since I discovered it when they first opened downtown.  Maybe 2 years??  I might have found my new love ( although the fact that they don't have a location outside of downtown means i will still frequent Mad Greens).I made my own salad, because I'm just too special for the menu.  Not really, just can't make up my mind.  Also, I was trying to replicate a salad I used to have at a place in Palm Springs. I started with a melange of bibb lettuce and mixed greens.  Added shaved Parmesan, caramelized pecans, croutons and the star of the show bacon!!  My dressing of choice....Caesar.  I asked to sample theirs before I committed, they pleasantly obliged.  If you have never had Caesar dressing that didn't come from a bottle at the store I urge you to run to Green Fine Salad and ask for a taste.  Actually buy a salad.  They might get mad if all sorts of lookie lous came in asking for samples.  As I was nearing the end of my salad creating experience I gazed upon the "frizzled leeks".  They were crispy little bits of heaven that I knew would complete my salad.  I was so right.  They were amazing.  I could have a salad made with those instead of lettuce.The best part of Green Fine Salad and what truly sets them apart is the chopping of the salad.  They lay your salad out on a cutting board and dice it just right with a double bladed mezzaluna.  That's right, no embarrassing turtle eating a huge piece of lettuce moments.For a few moments I wasn't sure if I could eat my whole salad.  Thankfully I had a great companion to keep me talking...and eating.  They do not have two sizes like some other competitors, but I don't mind because the price is between the small and large at Mad Greens.I think they should change their name to Green Amazing Salad.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2009,5/18/2009,13,40,12,8,7>Okay, so I went at the beginning of this month for a group brunch and here's what I have to say:First, I had to figure out where to park since there really wasn't a parking lot, per say, so I landed infront of the building.  Then I entered through a curtain!  After shuffling through it, I stood looking about for a second then was greated by a girl in striped legging? Thigh high socks?  i don't know.  Anyways, I asked her about the group since they meet up at Mercury for years and she had no clue so I had a seat at the bar and waited.  I was offered coffee about 15 mintues later by a girl who liked my hair.  Then another 10 minutes later, a beauty with tatts asked me if I was helped and I told her about the group and she knew exactly who I was talking about!  She even took me over to them, thank god, meanwhile stripe sock/stocking chick was like "Oh is that them there?"  Really?I ordered two eggs and bacon and some tea.  Service was prompt.  The food wasn't bad but the bread....maybe they were trying to emulate something from say the 16th century or something?  I don't know but it was sort of hard.Now PAY ATTENTION!  This place DOES NOT, I repeat, DOES NOT take credit/debit cards!! SURPRISE!!!  I had no damn clue till the group leader said, Oh hon, you have to have cash.  WTF?  Luckily they have an atm machine in the corner.  So bring cash!!!On my way out...I couldn't find the way out!  I ended up walking part way across the place, was confused then turned around and spotted that blasted curtain!
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2009,5/17/2009,14,29,11,9,9>Specifically and medically not for the weak of heart, but a Crown Burger is a sweet way to get your artery clog on, and with gusto.The burgers are awesome, with your standard fries/onion ring accessories, and their homebrew special dipping sauce is somewhere between ketchup and crack.  I love that you can get all kinds of burger top add-ons, from your standard bacon or guacamole, to pastrami, all the way to an open-faced green chili nightmare.  Aforementioned green chili is pretty good, considering this is not a mexican restaurant; the owner is Greek, and Greek fare is here and there on the menu, with gyros, baklava, and such.The combination of the green chili and gyros makes for one of my favorite breakfast meals: a monstrous burrito filled with gyros, green chili, eggs, cheese, and hash browns.  Prepare yourself for an immediate nap, because it *will* put you down, if you dare to consume the entire affair.  You can even order this monstrosity at a drive-thru, which means you don't even have to leave your pajamas.  Or so I've heard.If you choose to go inside, be prepared for a bit of surreal: I don't think the decor or supplies have changed since the Seventies.  Styrofoam cups, orange and brown everywhere, and ketchup and mustard squeezers to clutter your table.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,5/16/2009,112,168,18,11,10>I did a bad bad thing. I had fully intended on keeping the dieting - eating healthy commitment I made with myself about a week and a half ago. I blame the weather and the fact that my kids were off from school for the blissful indulgences and non diet like decisions I was party to earlier today. Oh yeah, and the FREAKING UNREAL, SUPER INSANE, FOOD AT THE CHERRY CRICKET .... so it was not my fault. I would also like to state for the record, I DO NOT dig the whole Cherry Creek North scene, no offense to anyone in particular. I just don't feel comfortable with women who carry handbags the size of my minivan, who wear jeans that cost as much as my rent, or have spent about 97 minutes getting ready to go the grocery store. HOWEVER ... stepping through the doors of The Cherry Cricket is like washing your hands free of any stuck-upedness and just hanging out with the "cool" people. Dang there were a lot of these people here today. The hostess said about 10-15 minutes but it was only about 5-10, it is always a pleasant surprise when things go this way. We sat down right by the door and as long as we weren't all claustrophobic about the large masses of people milling about it was a fine spot, some folks may have been put off a bit. We ordered our app. and meals all at the same time and the server was SLAMMED but she put the order in perfectly so things came out in sequence and everything was piping hot ... this is no easy task when you have a full house. The artichoke dip was so delicious, I could have licked the dish clean and my kids nearly came to blows over the last piece of bread to dip. It was really tasty, like make obscene noises good. Thank goodness the place is so loud. I had a burger with bleu cheese crumbles, medium, my 11 yr. old had the Little Cricket Burger (cute) and my 9 yr. old the Tuna Melt. We also snarfed down some Frings and really thought passing out at the table from sheer joy was entirely possible My burger was cooked to perfection with the ultimate amount of char and crispiness to my toasted bun. The cheese was yummy too. The fries were some of the best we've ever had and I want to plant an onion ring and turn them into fields and fields of diet busting greatness. Miss "Little Cricket" was happy too! Jessie, while laden in sauce and cheese from one ear to the other said her sandwich was " killer" and was the best tuna melt she's ever had ... How sweet... wait a second, hold on, WHAT ??? I make her tuna melts all the time ... what the... oh Jessie dear... I wonder what she meant by "best" exactly?
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,5/15/2009,79,146,10,11,12>yummmmmmmmmmm....Being over 40 allows some priviledge, like having dessert when everyone else at my table was having dinner.  I'd eaten dinner before so why should I wait?  Right.  I didn't think I should either.After quelling my initial disappointment that I wasn't going to get the 5 apples 9 ways I got excited about the "other" apple dessert.  I am so glad I did.  Chef Gerhard brought it to the table himself and explained the various apple goodness happening on the plate.  Holy... yeah...  It's really no wonder that Adam bit in.  The other folks at my table had dinners & desserts and said that it was quite tasty.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying more.The missing star is only because it's so packed and LOUD!  That's o.k.  There is no room for words whent the food is so good.  Just take earplugs and enjoy the yummy goodness that is D-Bar.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,5/13/2009,80,442,1,7,9>I'm a huge fan of Indian food. If I could eat it daily and not end up as big as Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan, I'd do it!We started the meal with Samosa (the biggest I've ever seen, glad we only got two!) and Paneer Pakora, which was new to me, but holy crap they're good. Think indian Mozeralla sticks, but WAY better!Next came our main course, Chicken Makhani and Garlic NaanI get Chicken Mahkani everywhere I go, and this was some of the best. On top of that they made it nicely spicy, so it had just the right amount of kick to it. Very good! The Garlic Naan was so-so. I'd probably go regular Naan next time.It's definitely an interesting place. I understand it was a popular bar/brewpub in it's last life, very cool. The service was very attentive, and the space is quite unique, so the environment is very awesome. It didn't feel like your typical rush rush get out indian restaurant.The Mo mo platter, pass. Think pork bumplings from a chinese restaurant, switch in chicken, and there ya go. Nothing to write home about.Sadly I was trying to not over eat, so my favorite dessert had to be skipped, Galub Jamun. MMMMM love me the Galub Jamun
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,5/12/2009,20,37,10,8,10>This is a review of Dazzle's macaroni and cheese dish.Even though I have eaten Dazzle's mac n' cheese a couple of times, I ordered it again last night to get a fresh perspective.  Yep, it was still as good as the first time.  In fact, I think the more drinks you have the better it tastes. Presentation:  Simply served in a wide white bowl with creamy ragonetti pasta, baked parmesan cheese, slices of basil and half a cherry tomato on top.  Really, the ragonetti pasta is perfect for mac and cheese as it is larger than the average elbow but not overly large like ziti.Consistency: At first, you notice that some of the cheese collects on the bottom of the bowl but this quickly disappears as it mixes in with the pasta as you eat it.  It is very creamy and smooth which really adds to the taste of this dish.Taste:  Boom.  The four cheese mix of gouda, fontina, smoked cheddar and parmesan blend together to create a symphony of great taste.  The taste sings in your mouth and lingers nicely even after you have finished.  I get very excited about m&c and I almost felt like pouring it down my pants and dancing around in jubilation - this is about the time I realize I should hold on additional martinis and just order a water.Overall: So far it is the top m&c on my list, especially since it only costs $5 for happy hour (usually $14).  It also tastes great left over when they serve it for their Sunday brunch!So, does Dazzle have the best mac n' cheese in Denver?  Possibly, but I still have yet to review some of the other top dogs in town and the list keeps getting bigger.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,5/11/2009,110,100,8,9,10>If I need a daily dose of this frozen yogurt deliciousness does that mean I have a problem?Yeah that's right, Colorado has a place that can compare to the California hot-spots like pinkberry.I absolutely love frozen yogurt and this place has the BEST in Denver.  Perfectly tart scrumptious flavors with fresh fresh fresh condiments.  I know some people complain about the price, but honestly if it was cheaper do you really think you would get fresh fruit?  Of course not, you would get crap, so you get what you pay for. Besides, I think their portions are quite generous.I love the condiments and things like hemp granola make healthy all-natural dessert eating super easy and delicious.  The best part is they have MOCHI BALLS!!!  If you don't know what those are, you seriously need to try them ASAP.  They're what made pinkberry famous, no really.  They're kinda of like an all natural Japanese gummy bear.  They have that similar texture and are not overly sweet but sweet enough to please.If you are looking for a healthier, all-natural, yet delicious place to grab some dessert, go to Kuulture!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,5/10/2009,133,419,3,8,7>Love this place, and I've only been here for brunch!  I love gastro pubs (Quinn's in Seattle anyone?) and think there should be more of them around that get the atmosphere and the food right.  Jonesey's hits the mark in both departments, so it is a great addition to Denver's food scene!First off, the brunch - $10 mimosa pitchers.  Cha-ching!  And they're not puny pitchers, either.  VERY tasty, and they definitely didn't skimp on the sparkling wine!My friend got a veggie benedict and I got a ham & cheese croissant.  Both came with hollandaise, which was delicious and fresh-made for us, as we were the first diners in there (we had to wait a little longer, but it was worth it!)!  Both our dishes came with really tasty rosemary breakfast potatoes that were light and crisp.  While nothing on the brunch menu stood out as particularly "out-there" creative (no Snooze-type dishes here), everything sounded great to me, as it's stuff I'd whip up in my own kitchen if I had the inclination:  french toast, scrambles, cheddar grits, etc.Will definitely be back for more of those mimosa pitchers at brunch.  I also can't wait to try their dinner and happy hour!
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,5/9/2009,283,243,18,12,16>I have an elephant piece from here that you load up his back (with tobacco, of course), you cover his butt-hole and smoke through his trunk.Little on the pricey side, but definitely worth checking to see the beautifully blown glass pieces and have a great chat with the employees there. I've gotten some deliciously exotic flavored hookah tobacco from here, too. The packets were moist and dripping with syrup - if you know the ways of the hookah, you'll appreciate how rare that is to find.But the main attraction was my elephant. That is all I have to say. I found him. He found me. And we are as happy as can be.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,5/7/2009,190,159,8,24,9>How is it that in all my searching, this place was so damn difficult to find? And then, just driving down the road, there they are? I've been asking around, Googling, searching and searching for a restaurant supply store that serves the public and is open weekends. Finally, my search is over.Forget Bloodbath & Beyond, or Surly Tabla, this is the place to find good knives, kitchenware, and sturdy appliances. Okay, actually, I like Bed Bath & Beyond or Sur La Table for some things, but Standard Restaurant Supply & Equipment has amazing prices on some really great kitchen equipment.You never need to spend more than $80 on an amazing knife unless you think only granite and stainless steel kitchens are the shit. Wusthoff, Henckels ... fine knives, but you can that quality for 1/3 to 1/4 the price. Just stick with the German, Brazilian, or Japanese steel. Speaking of steel, be sure to buy a good steel ($40) as well as an Accusharp ($10). You'll be good to go after that.They've got restaurant china for $2 a plate. Two dollars! I spent $8 or something ridiculous for similar stuff. You can buy glasses individually or by the case, tongs, microplane graters, aprons, cutting boards, steel tables, stock pots big enough to cook a cow in, yada yada yada. They have EVERYTHING.I don't even know why I'm explaining this. I only sat down to write this review so that you could find the place ... you already know it's awesome, you just needed the address ... Federal & 63rd, across from Rocky's Auto.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,5/6/2009,456,160,13,33,14>Why is it that I can tell men that I am going to a hot springs and it's a cool, manly kinda thing but when I say I am going to a "bath house" I get a COMPLETELY different reaction? I swear there isn't a sexy thing about this place, unless you are turned on by same-sex bodies that have generally seen a lot more time on this earth than yours (or even mine). It could be different on ladies days, but I have a hard time imagining it.   I find this place to be very clean, well maintained, and a fantastic deal! For $15 you get all day use of the facilities, there is a cafe inside, that even serves beer if you should choose. I had the pastrami sandwich, and it was great..fresh and just what I needed after two hours of steaming, soaking or baking in the steam room, hot tub, or dry sauna. There are benches for reclining in the common bathing area, stools in the showers which I find nice, and more eye to eye contact than I've been around in some time.  The fellow guests all were polite, and although I stayed to myself, I felt I could have joined any of the conversations that were happening around me. I heard stories of Russian boxers, an Armenian oil tanker captain, a wheat farmer from Ault, and a guy who is a bouncer at a down town club..  The thing I find great about places like this, was the fact that we were all there to find health. To soak away the pain of living, the stresses of the world beyond the walls holding all that blissful hot water. When I can't make it to the hills, to a hot spring, I will go to Lake Steam Baths. When I have a particularly sore back, it is my first choice as it is so convenient. I strongly recommend this for all who love to bathe. Bring: your own towel, a bottle of water, and bath sandalsProvided: a large washcloth, and a sheet. Towels are $3 extra.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,5/5/2009,39,82,18,8,11>Some Yelpers I know claim that this is the best Italian sandwich in Denver. I naturally had to check it out. So, I stepped into this tiny, down-at-the-heels shop next door to The Original Chubby's, and I hear Rosa Carbone (I assume) yelling mostly incoherent rebukes at one of the hired hands on today's sandwich duty. This poor young woman really took a tongue-lashing from ol' Rosa--although the young woman, the other four customers in the shop, and I shared a few knowing glances that implied "I have no freak'n idea what this lady is talking about!" I did stiffen-up a bit at the thought that I too might be subjected to similar humiliation, so I mentally prepared my order for smooth and efficient communication. After listening to about three more minutes of verbal abuse from Rosa, the two middle-aged women in line hit the eject button. Now it was down to me a two older gentlemen, but there was no way we were going to let little ol' Rosa scare us out the "the best Italian sandwich in Denver." Next thing I know, however, Rosa is handing us some fresh slices of salami wrapped in a slice of wonderful Swiss cheese. Still rambling incoherently, these gifts seem to have been offered as a kind of half-apology. We took them and attempted to engage in a kind of small talk, but it was clear that Rosa would use any exchange to serve up more diatribes against the crappy help she has, her 30+ years in this place, and the state of the world in general. Or, at least this is what I could glean from the handful of phrases that I could successfully interpret. Rosa then fastened a steely blue eye on me: "Wha chu want?" I reply: "Number 2 Combo, please." "What kinda cheese?" I say, "Whatever you recommend." I see her shoulders soften a bit as, finally, a customer assents to an Italian sandwich with Provolone, instead of insisting on American-ifying it with some off-code cheese. I am a natural-born sycophant, so I offer, "I read on a website that you make the best sandwich in Denver." Bad move. "Whaaaat!!! I hope not! I don't want people coming in here and makin' more work for me. I already got too much work, and [indecipherable]." She finally shoots me a look that says "I will remember your sycophantic mug next time you come in here." I loved this little adventure, and "the best Italian sandwich in Denver."
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,5/4/2009,138,353,8,7,8>Being unable to pass up a great deal, Me, the Ladyfriend, and two of our friends went to Red Square Euro Bistro for our second stop during Restaurant Week.  We were excited by the prospect of a ridiculous amount of vodkabilities (that's vodka possibilities for the uninitiated) and the menu looked splendid.We arrived fairly early, and I stepped up to the Vodka plate. I approached the bar, and the barkeep asked what I wanted.  I told him I wanted something with infused vodka, but wasn't sure what direction I should go -- so I left the drink up to his discretion.  He asked a few setup questions, and finally suggested a grapefruit martini.  I said sure, and away he went assembling vodka and...vodka....and ice into a shaker to make my grapefruit dreams come true."But wait!" I thought, "I don't even like grapefruit!"  Oh well.  Too late.  It was pink and in my hand. (insert your own joke here.) I sipped, I smiled, and paid.  Not only was it pretty good, it was totally cheaper than I thought it would be. That's a double whammy in my book.  Or wait, are whammy's bad?  I don't know these things.A few seats at the bar opened up, and we were still maybe 10 minutes from our reservation time, so like any 20somethings in a vodka bar, we decided to see what crazy shots we could order.  The best part, we didn't even have to make anything up -- we just wait straight infused vodka.  The lady and I split a shot of fig vodka, and our two friends had Garlic and Pineapple. I'm glad we tried them all -- but as far as the fig goes, it's difficult sipping vodka that tastes like something that's not a cookie but fruit and cake. The garlic was...garlic-y. Served with pickles, they definitely make a difference.  The Pineapple was very good.  That's all. As we took our seats at the table we ordered a carafe of Black Currant vodka to try something a little crazy but...also to make sure we would have lots of shots with dinner.  The black currant was sweeter than I thought, but not too sweet. Very tasty, and an excellent complement to all our courses at dinner.I started off with the Pate and raspberry jam and brioche toast.  I'd never had pate before, and this was a good introduction. My only complaint was that the toast needed to be crispier and a little more firm.  My pate kept falling off :-( (insert another joke here.)The second course of pepper crusted new york steak with some sort of haricot verts or just a tasty vegetable medley was amazing.  I haven't had a steak that good in some time. Medium rare, covered in pepper, tender and juicy and melt in your mouth. The final course of some....thing I had for dessert that I can't remember, was also good. Just because I don't remember what I had, doesn't mean I don't remember liking it!  The 6 shots of vodka and a martini probably helped with that whole not remembering thing.Everyone else loved their food -- service was terrific, drinks were excellent and the atmosphere was very fun and unique. Loud, but not too loud, upbeat and happy and busy.The best part though, was the wealth of time the server gave us between courses. The Europeans do it right -- dinner should be an event, and it should take a couple hours to complete.  You shouldn't be in and out in 45 minutes. We should be able to take our time and savor our food, enjoying all the flavors and eating slowly.  Red Square allowed us to eat, never rushing us, and our server knew the perfect time to bring our next courses. I could not have asked for a better meal on a great night with great friends, vodka and food.I will definitely be going back to Red Square.  Even if it's just for a few wobbly pops and vodka, and you should go too.  In fact, come with me. I'll be going again soon.  One thing to keep in mind though -- This is not a Russian establishment.  A couple of reviewers have expressed displeasure at this fact, but at no point does Red Square Euro Bistro profess to be Russian.  It professes to be a Red Square Euro Bistro, and that's exactly what it is. If it billed itself as the best Russian food in Denver, and you went and it had no Russian food then you'd have a case. But I digress, it's delicious and fun and I highly recommend you go :-)
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,5/3/2009,114,168,6,10,12>I work here.  No, Wash Park nor the city pays me, but this is where I spend a few hours a day while I walk, jog  and train dogs.   Even in bad weather, it's a pleasant time, except when the wind is really blowing.  Sure there are loose dogs,  lots of squirrels, bicycle racing maniacs in matching outfits, and the goose poop is a bit extreme.  To me, that just part of the park-in-the-city experience....learning how to all use the park and respect each other.   I've become accustomed to many of the faces that I see there regularly jogging by and they make me feel like I am part of a community.  I know many people are used to seeing me as well, as I will either get comments directly or I will hear someone say, "she sure does get a lot of exercise!  I see her all over the place always with a bunch of dogs!!!"  In a time where I feel like a bit of a recluse, having these familiar, though not known faces makes me feel connected.  I heart Wash Park!
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,5/2/2009,410,321,,11,11>I went yesterday; Monday night was surprisingly enough Nine75's bar was busy! If you have been at Nine75 before, everything still the same, nothing in regards to the ambience has changed. They still have the 'chef table', which is great for big groups, smaller tables for small groups, and tables for two people. This place has a superb ambience!I sat at the bar; the waiting staff was very attentions and promptly offered the menu and explained what was on happy hour (which is phenomenal). I had:1. Guinness: from a can which they pour the whole can into the glass, but the can didn't have the nitrogen capsule. Once the glass is positioned to a Guinness machine, it activates the nitrogen bringing a beautiful cascade. That's brilliant!2. Filet Mignon Tacos: Petit corn tortilla tacos filled with tender pieces of fillet mignon, had a fresh salsa and guac on the bottom of the taco, its great!3. Lobster Tacos: Never had lobster tacos before, this ones were surprisingly good with a good seasoning and a great spicy kick. 4. Rock Shrimp: Shrimp tempura with candied pecans, really good. Tempura batter was light and crunchy but shrimp moist, and with a crunch. 5. Duck Confit Empanadas: It's a surprise; the empanadas are placed on a bed of fresh tropical fruits and a tangy subtle sauce. The Empanadas are very crispy, flaky, and delicate and inside is an explosion of taste!Overall experience was awesome.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,5/1/2009,577,988,5,8,6>It's Restaurant Week!  During this week we usually dine at establishments we haven't tried yet, to get a "feel" for the restaurant.  On Sunday night we went into Restaurant Kevin Taylor expecting it to be slightly above average, but nothing more.  Oftentimes hype will inflate people's reviews, and were expecting something nice, but not stellar.Having said all that, I can sum up our evening in two words: "HOLY SH*T!"The Superb:  First and foremost, the food.  From the salad and pork belly appetizer, to the salmon and sirloin entree, we were very happy with the flavors and textures.  I have heard that people complain about the portion size here.  It is definitely not your average "American-sized" meal, but it is still more than enough food (and calories) to leave you satisfied.  It also helps if you dine over a few hours rather than shovel everything down in 30 minutes.Also Superb:  The service.  The Sommelier was both knowledgeable and friendly.  Our server was also funny and very attentive without being overly present.  My favorite.The location in the Hotel Teatro was also a treat, although if you take the stairs back up from the bathroom, you may get lost.  Luckily the bartender at the bar guided my wife back.All in all, this restaurant lives up to it's high rating.  5 stars from me.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,4/30/2009,5,12,5,10,10>I had a Saturday night where I found myself alone with nothing to do but laundry and nothing in the fridge, but leftovers or a pot pie.  I decided to drive around and see what struck my fancy.  I pulled into the Indulge parking lot, a little embarrassed at being alone at such a lovely date night spot, but I was eagerly welcomed by the lovely hostess.  She happens to be one of the owners, her husband is the chef.  Both from Normandy, France and extremely lovely people.  I sat  by myself at the bar during restaurant week watching as couples filed in and out.  I was given a wine list which was outstanding and mostly comprised of beautiful French wines of which I'd never tried and a menu of the offerings of the week.  I started out with the Blue Crab Salad with Avocado and Mango.  Each element on the plate which accompanied the delicious and flaky crab salad married nicely and I was very happy.  My main course was the Filet Mignon, medium rare, with roasted asparagus, and a beautiful butternut squash puree and crispy fingerling potatoes with a beautiful bordelaise sauce which complimented the meat and vegetables to perfection.  Every element was perfectly seasoned and delicious with perfect portions.  Chef even looked out the kitchen window at me to make certain my steak was cooked as I had ordered.  I raised my wine glass to him and assured him, it - as my entire experience - was perfect.   A molton chocolate cake was to follow.  I would say it in French if I could say it as beautifully as the hostess.  The cake was warm with a chocolate center that oozed out when I placed my fork into the first cut.  A mango sorbet accompanied and was the perfect, cooling, addition which made the dark chocolate pop in my mouth.  On an evening in which I thought I would be lonely with a pot pie, I found such a lovely little bistro in which I was welcomed in with open arms - date or no date.  It was a fantastic Saturday night.  Thank you to everyone at Indulge!
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2009,4/29/2009,267,28,2,18,11>Welcome to Denvers newest hole in the wall of delight The Persian Gourmet.The Persian Gourmet has not been around for long.  They just opened up in the last few months.  I found them while I was out posting fliers for a show on South Broadway.  I happened to walk by and noticed a sign for Kebabs and Shwarma for only 4 dollars.  Being the fact that the price was great and I had never heard of this place,  I had to go in.   It was an off beat time to walk in about 230 in the after noon.  Well after lunch and way before dinner.  I tend to eat at odd times.  I get better service that way too.  The menu is very utilitarian.  This really is reminds me of a family run place that puts all their love into the food.  If the owner reads this.  You need to be more descriptive in your menu.  Tell the story of your food.  From what I was told there are specials that change all the time for dinner.  One of them he showed me was roasted quail with walnuts and pomegranate glaze.  Which to me sounded like heaven on a plate.  I noticed they had all the standard things on the menu, but there were some other added things there that really peaked my interest.  Like something called Super Barg (which is some form of beef roast), Persian ice cream with saffron and pistachios, roasted eggplant and red pepper dip.  (I have had this many times in other places and have to recommend it.  Its the Persian version of babaganoosh made with roasted eggplants, peppers, and tomatoes served warm.)   Ok enough speculation of what I want to eat there.  What did I actually eat and why did that give me such hope for this place?I went in for a quick lunch/snack.  For sandwiches they had chicken or beef Kabob.  For vegetarian they had falafel and something else called kookoo (?).  I opted for the beef kabob.   Normally a kabob sandwich never sticks out in my head.  Esp since I got use to good Turkish donor kebabs in Germany.   But this one did.  It's served in warm flat bread rolled up around all the ingredients.  The key to its delight were the ingredients inside.   One of the things with Persian food is that Persians use a lot of fresh spices.  My ex was from Azerbaijan while not technically Iranian it was part of Iran at one time so the food is almost the same.   People in that part of the world tend to eat spices like we eat salad.  Giant heaping portions of fresh cilantro, garlic, parsley and basil.  Picture someone with a sandwich in one hand and a fist full of spices in the other.  Alternating hands they eat out of.  This kebab was not the usual.  Inside was a perfectly season beef kebab that had been cooked on a long knife skewer over charcoal.  It was perfectly seasoned with sumac being the main flavor I could pick out.  This was paired to lightly grilled onions, and fresh tomatoes.  Now here is what stuck out in my head the most.  Rather than adding iceberg lettuce like EVERY other places, they chose to use fresh spices as the salad part.  Inside this sandwich was fresh parsley and fresh basil in decent amount.  This lead to a very complex tasting sandwich that left me wanting more.   The only thing I wish was in side was just some plain yogurt.  But maybe that is my personal preference.  So if you are looking for GOOD middle eastern food that has reasonable prices near downtown Denver, this is the place.  I saw that next door in another room there is a hooka bar too.  Don't let the rather nondescript menu fool you.  The food here has much more to it.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2009,4/28/2009,210,385,8,17,16>Five super-enthusiastic stars for Kenny Hughes, tattoo artist extrordinaire! This shop is the newest addition to the Brave New World family (which also includes Newspeak on Colfax), and it's really awesome. Ignore the fact that it's in a Lakewood strip mall, because once you're through the front door it won't matter a bit. The inside is clean and bright and spacious,  more like a swank Cherry Creek salon than your run-of-the-mill tattoo parlor. Original art hangs from the wall, which is exactly what you want to see when you're considering becoming a skin canvas yourself. This isn't one of those cheesy "flash" joints where skank hoochies come to get a tiny rose along their bikini lines (no offense to you hoochies who do). THIS place is where you come if you want original artwork, expertly done. Something you won't regret six months down the line. Something you'll be proud to sport for the rest of your life (and beyond). Kenny tattooed my son's newborn footprints on my inner forearms, and they look EXACTLY like the onces on his birth certificate, right down to the tiny wrinkles on his wee little heels. I've had several tats done, all by different artists, and you know you've got someone good when you're not writhing in pain as they put needle to skin. Yes, there will be a bit of pain... but the right artist knows exactly how much pressure to put so that it's as it should be. And trust me when I say not every artist knows this! Talk to an artist who's actually tattooed HIMSELF if you're not sure what I mean. I can't heap enough praise on Kenny and the guys at Brave New World... go check them out when you're ready for some ink!
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,4/27/2009,190,292,16,12,12>They sell bath products, fancy deli meats and cheeses, delicious pastries, AND (most importantly) serve up tasty coffee all in the coziest of little shops. Yeah, I'm not sure how they landed on the combination of products, either. Regardless, the cheese scone was insane. The free coffee was fantastic. And the eavesdropping opportunities? Superb..."I don't know. He's dating her, but he intends to dump her in the fall and then marry Catherine.""Really?""Yep. He keeps asking me what Catherine likes. I told him spaghetti.""Do you want to go upstairs?""No, I HAVE to do the Jumble. My day isn't complete without the Jumble."I could have stood there and appeared like I wasn't listening for hours. What a great place to hang out! I am already anticipating a gray Sunday afternoon in the near future during which I can sit by the window in their shop and journal away my day while eating, drinking, and absorbing the sheer awesomeness that is this great space.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,4/26/2009,134,373,16,11,12>A biker buddy of mine went down this past weekend.  On the way to the hospital today, I stopped to get him some of the medicine that always seems to make me feel better - Cake, boobs, and motorcycles.  That's right, I got him a boobie cupcake from Bakery Sensual and an Easyriders mag.  He appreciated both too and smiled through the pain of his six broken ribs.I had a cake from here 12 years ago for my birthday.  It was a VERY realistic cake utilizing a marzipan version of a woman's vagina.  The cake still stays in my mind after all these years.  If that offends you, please do not ask to add me as a friend.  If that does not offend you, you are exactly the type of friend I am looking for.For those who read my other reviews, I do not and will not take my 4.5 year old here, though I am sure that they could make an awesome looking Nemo cake if asked.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2009,4/25/2009,37,80,10,9,8>OK OK OK!!! I like Pablo's. Geez. There. I said it. Are you happy now? I biked there yesterday. It was my third time. I was by myself this time so I was able to look around without any of my friends saying 'isn't this place cool? huh huh? isn't it? isn't it?' And when I walked in, there it was. I guess I hadn't really noticed it before. The Red Couch. It did look comfy. But there was someone on it already. But just one person. Is that allowable? Just one person to take up all that space on a comfy couch? Ok, the coffee. As in my other coffee house reviews you know that I can be a little Larry David when it comes to the overpriced Americano. Well, WHAT THE HELL PABLO'S??? A buck seventy five for 3 freakin shots?? (In my best Keanu voice) WHOA. And it's great. Not burned. And these were 3 separate shots. Remind me to tell you about the time in Canada when I spotted the woman putting 8 shots of espresso through the same grinds as she filled up my mug with an "Americano." I think that niceness is just a facade sometimes. But I digress........I really did want to sit down and enjoy my coffee. But the place was packed. I did notice that there were small tables everywhere with small chairs. I guess that's so more people can sit down inside. I didn't find them to look really inviting or comfortable. Maybe that makes the Red Couch even more comfy. I think I remember this space as having lots of books and somewhat of a newsstand a very long time ago in the early 90's. It seemed cluttered and claustrophobic. Now, it's open, airy with lots of light coming in. Now THAT'S change I can believe in. I did love Pablo's. For those that live near enough to walk or bike, it's a great neighborhood joint. I couldn't imagine trying to find parking around here. But if you do find parking, it's well worth it.And did I mention.........They roast their own beans. Right there!!!
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,4/24/2009,34,88,3,12,9>I love places like this!  Buchi is a welcome addition to my 'hood and I encourage everyone out there (especially if you live in the Highlands) to go out and support this great place.  My husband and I arrived on Sunday at around 10 and were so psyched to find a hip place, with reasonable prices and a great neighborhood vibe.  Buchi's decor is warm and inviting and they have this spectacular skylight that lets in tons of beautiful Colorado sunshine--it's the perfect place to linger over the paper with a coffee on a weekend.  We ordered some breakfast sandwiches and some Cuban coffee.  The coffee was  excellent.  In case you were wondering, Cuban coffee is kind of like a cappuccino (i.e., with the steamed milk already "in there"), but the coffee isn't as strong as espresso, there's very little foam, and they actually sweeten the coffee, ever so slightly, for you.  Mmm, I'm craving it just thining about it.  My breakfast sandwich was an egg, bacon and cheese Cubano, and it was sublime.  The egg wasn't a slab of egg, it was more like an egg crepe folded over itself several times--lots of texture, lots of flavor, and not a lot of grease.  The bread was a hearty French bread type roll that was flattened on the panini press.  The result was crispy outside, and cheezy goodness inside.  A neighboring table had some lunch sandwiches, which are what I had but with pulled pork or turkey, and I really envied them.  Somebody else had their special Sunday brunch, which was an assortment of pulled pork, rice and beans, empanadas and some salsa-y looking sauce that just loked divine.  And what's cool, 2 breakfast sandwiches, 2 coffees, and tax, and the damage was only $16.  I love this place!I gave Buchi 4 stars because the place is still a little rough around the edges.  It has the feel of a neighborhood place that just opened and is still trying to "make it".  So go, eat and spend!  That way, someday they will have the feel of a place tha has "made it" and i can give them 5 stars!
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2008,4/23/2009,72,567,8,7,7>Having lived in New York, I have fallen in love with thin-crust pizza (most thick crust pizzas are just empty carbs anyway).  I am so happy to have found Marco's!  For most people, the toppings are the most important part of the pizza, but for me, the crust is the most important i.e. I feel that even the best toppings over crappy dough ruins a meal more than the other way around.  However, at Marco's, both the crust and the toppings are wonderful.  The crust at Marco's is a little saltier, more toastier, and a little crunchier than others; it has that nice freshly made, freshly out-of-the-oven taste.  The toppings are great as well.  My favorite is the Toscana (mozzarella, prosciutto, arugula, and grape tomatoes).  For dessert, there's a nutella pizza, but I like their strawberry tiramisu, I mean, I LOVE their strawberry tiramisu.The restaurant is clean and modish.  There is patio seating with high-top tables; I can just sit there for hours eating my pizza and drinking a D.P.A.  Oh I also like their bathroom.  Not sure about the men's bathroom, but the lime green rectangular sinks in the ladies' room are ultra-chic.  I would bring my pizza there if there wasn't a lady who was having the B.M. of her life behind the second stall.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,4/22/2009,122,182,18,7,10>OM to the Mutha F'n G these pizza's are the size of Melos rims on his SUV! Seriously a full pie has to be 22-24" inches at least crazy huge!So I was doing the double shot review and came to Atomic Cowboy for HH and located right inside off it to the left is Fat Sully's! A small little Pizza Nook in one of my new favorite bars in Denver!Looked over the menu and thought of ordering a whole pie because I have been known to make a dent in a Pizza. It's a little known fact that back in the day Sesame Street hit a stale streak and was looking for new character's, me as the Pizza monster was in strong consideration but Cookie Monster being the diva he is had built into his contract a no compete clause which his lawyers wrangled into meaning no monsters eating food like him! Oh man how fun would it have been to sing P is for Pizza and that's good enough for me!So I ponied up for a slice with my go to topping's Pep, Meatball and Onions, the slice came and it was the size of one of my Nike shoe boxes size 12! They meatball was crumbled which was ok I prefer it sliced which many places do not do, it was adequately topped with pep and the onions were the nice grilled thick onions I love. And wow sorry Enzo's I still love you but I am in love with Fat Sully's slice now its was perfect thin crispy slice, just enough cheese just enough sauce and the toppings were just what I needed!I will definitely be back, not just for a slice but for a whole pizza as well, housing this new Pizza spot in the middle of the ultra cool Cowboy is triple gold star smiley face!
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,4/21/2009,476,701,,10,8>04/08/2009Went back today, just a head's up. The prepared food hours are 9:00am - 6:00pm.  Their cocina closes promptly... well make that pre-promptly at more like 5:40pm-ish so plan accordingly. Also there was more on the salsa bar today including some roasted whole green chiles and roasted cebollitos and a second red salsa too.I have to thank Carrie C for turning me onto this find in MY neck of the woods! Muchas grass! I had looked for them before but had gone to the wrong location further south on federal. Don't go there. This store is in the same strip that houses the north Pho 79 (niet). You wouldn't know what was waiting inside by looking at the storefront. It's like.... the wardrobe from the Witch and the....  you enter into another world through that door. Pretty complete menu for a taqueria inside a smallish/medium size  market. I had to try tacos to the tune of six of them at $1.29 each. Very good flavor on the al pastor (x 2), carnitas, asada, barbacoa, and chorizo. Their salsa bar had a nice avocado, flavorful red, and a pico. The cilantro, limes, and onions were'nt fresh but were at least edible. The tacos themselves... two standard small tortillas per, a good portion of well seasoned meat, the only thing not fantastic about all of the meats was that you could tell they came off a steam table and weren't tossed on a griddle again. A too soft texture from probably having liquid added to them on the table to keep them from drying out. The downside is not having any bite or crunch to any of it and the upside is that they were all moist and tender. So if you're the kind of person that likes BBQ falling off the bone (overcooked) then this is def your spot. A cut or two flavor wise above the Rancho Lib's cocina's food just a block away so I guess we buy our mex groceries there and come up here to eat at this good taqueria in our neck o' da woods.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,4/20/2009,342,357,7,9,10>SO PHO-KING DELICIOUS!  This is my favorite Pho place...so far...out of the 3 restaurants I have tried.  Once I had it here, I knew it would be a weekly (and maybe even daily) craving of mine.  It's day #5 since my glorious visit, and I have yearned for it every day... and dreamed of it every night.  My husband and I made the mistake of going on a early Sunday afternoon... the guy running the joint even told us so.  Apparently we should go either earlier, or later...but not around 2pm.  Good to know.  So the place was a mad house...everyone packed in like sardines.  And the service was not the best, but to be expected with how crazy it was.  But, my god, it was well worth the wait.I had a medium Pho with rare steak and well done brisket.  The medium was huge, and came with tons of meat.  I loved the steak, but was not a big fan of the brisket...a little too fatty for me, but my fault for ordering it, really.  The broth was absolutely divine...I could have drank the whole bowl at once!  Although I'm really glad I didn't, because the combination of flavors was spot on.  The noodles were perfectly cooked, but a little hard to eat because they were so long!  Our plate of goodies was full of fresh and delicious ingredients to doctor up our Pho...lots of jalapenos, sprouts, and Sriracha for me, please!I think everybody should try Pho Duy, whether you've had Pho before or not.  Out of the Pho places I've been to, this one seems to have the most meat, the best broth, the freshest ingredients, and overall biggest bang for your buck.  What more do you need with your Pho?
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,4/19/2009,467,473,6,9,11>Yesterday  I saw my first **** durians **** up close and personal, here at the Pacific Ocean Marketplace.I saw some delightful raw foods enthusiasts I know out in the center's parking lot (from the window) while we were dining at one of the restaurants in this expansive Broomfield strip mall where POM is located.  I wondered what raw foods people would be purchasing at POM.  Then I realized it would have to be fruits and/or veggies.  And maybe even DURIAN!   So I convinced my friend that we should stop in at the Marketplace after lunch to look around.  Yay!I've only seen pictures of durian on the internet.  And I did have a durian boba drink at a local Vietnamese restaurant a few months ago.  But I have not ever seen a whole durian.  I know they're quite amazing - looking.There was a whole refrigerator case full of durians in neat little plastic netting bags, at the end of the wide freezer aisle.   And beautiful they were.  I could not buy one today.  I will buy one on a day when I'm going to a raw foods potluck dinner instead.So we toured around among the colorful aisles of this POM store.  Very clean.  Friendly.  Chrysanthemum soda pop looked good.  Huge choice of ramens.Everything you could ever possibly need for Asian food preparation, and Indian food too.  Nice looking produce though uncertain if any was organic.  I know...that's not really the point here.  I get that.It's an exciting place that I'll go to again when I can take the time to really shop.  My friend, who was driving, needed to leave for Boulder within 8 minutes of the time we entered the store.  But I will be back.  So many possibilities.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2009,4/18/2009,164,209,4,13,12>Sure you've been to those small, independent bookstore that you are proud to support but don't really enjoy shopping there. You know the type, dusty, disorganized, poorly lit...sure you like to imagine that you'll stumble upon some literary gem but the place is either filled with obscure philosophers or 27 copies of "The Joy of Cooking" from the 1970's.  Maybe you do find a book there, but as you wind your way around haphazardly stacked books, you are endangering yourself or the three cats who also inhabit the place.  Luckily, the Bookery Nook has none of these problems. What a great space they've created! Open, brightly lit, clean lines, and they've allowed themselves some restraint and haven't crammed every nook with piles of books.  They've chosen their collection of merchandise well...a wide array without overindulging in any particular section. Walking to a certain corner I immediately found five books that have been on my to-read list for ages, all within an arm's length of one another. Their greeting cards had me laughing out loud in the corner, and I will definitely be back to stock up on them.  Check out these new kids on the block, pick up a book, and enjoy their great location in the Tennyson neighborhood.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,4/17/2009,33,37,3,9,7>My boyfriend and I have been interested in trying Potager for a while now.  We perused the menus once in a while, and found February's particulary palatable, so we went in.Our experience was wonderful from the beginning.  We started with a half-bottle of sparkling wine with our appetizers.  We ordered the appetizer special- a 'fondue' of goat cheese and something else, I believe... served with toast points and red beets.  The cheese was SO good.  We also got, at the server's recommendation, the mussels in a red curry coconut broth.  The mussels were so tender and flavorful, cooked to perfection.  We moved on to the main course, and a nice bottle of Spanish red wine.  I had ordered the house smoked duck breast, and he ordered red wine and rosemary braised pot roast.  We usually enjoy ordering two different things and sharing, but my duck was SO succulent and tasty, I didn't even want to share!  It was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and was incredibly juicy.  I really think it is the BEST duck breast I have ever had!The pot roast was great, too.  I think neither of us really wanted to share too much of our delicious entrees.I know we had dessert, too, although I can't remember what we had (it was a few weeks ago).  I know that we enjoyed it and look forward to watching Potager's menu change to decide when to go back.Our server was extremely knowledgable about the menu.  She helped us pick an appetizer, the duck, and our bottle of wine.  She was super friendly and invited us to come back.  Though I can't remember her name, I would definitely ask for her if I spotted her there next time.The tables were placed a little awkwardly in the space, but overhearing our neighbor's conversations was slightly entertaining.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,4/16/2009,164,180,1,12,8>Thanks to my new friend Tracy A. for introducing me to this place. She asked for a report and I give it an A! Fresh. That's the word I would use to describe my experience. First of all, it's new! It opened at the beginning of November '08 in the lovely heart of the Highlands with it's white lights in the trees, great neighbors, and a patio. It's a small place with a warm dark wood table with fresh seasonal flowers set for eight in the middle of the room as if to say, "We may be small, but we welcome your group." Smaller tables line the white minimalist yet casual walls and simple decor. Fresh. To start, a quartered beet salad with goat cheese, pistachios and a nice light dressing. Next a good portion of mussels with hearty bread soaked in a warm yummy sauce and roasted tomatoes and fennel. It was hard to choose what to order - everything looked great! We split the scallops with creamy risotto and a uniquely spiced pickled onion. Our wine was fabulous, the service was perfect and you could probably close your eyes and point on the dessert menu and be delighted. They change their menu every few weeks to keep it interesting and interestingly are not open on Tuesdays. Can wait to go back for brunch (they have eggs Benedict...) Best wishes!
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,4/15/2009,214,316,5,12,15>For all you peeps who like to put people in boxes:It is not a prerequisite to be a hipster to like the food or atmosphere of Spunik.  I happen to like the menu here it's eclectic, yet comforting and anyone who puts sweet potato fries with breakfast has it going on! Plus hello they have the photo booth which is awesome!We came for the first leg of our mac n cheese tour and while I only had one bite of the mac n cheese it was pretty tasty and must have been baked cause it had some nice crunchier pieces in it that I really enjoyed. Knowing that there is a limit to how much mac n cheese I can eat I opted for a corn dog which was plain delightful. I also got a side of their habenero jelly to dip it in and it gave just the right  zip of spiciness! Plus they were really accommodating to our large group and a bit heavy handed on our order which I thought was very sweet!
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,4/13/2009,197,231,6,17,12>Root Down for restaurant week = delicious!  They have a really cool space at Root Down, which is good enough for me to forgive the tough parking situation.  Apparently this is a converted Gas Station ?  I could be wrong about that, but Hans O. is super convincing :)  Moving on, I'll get to the guts of it.  My menu was as follows:Organic Carrot soup = better than goodBeef Tenderloin with Apple glaze = So tender I could cut it with a fork and it was completely mouth wateringRoot Down Pot Pie - The Ladyhawk ordered this, but I ate about half of it and it was very tasty.  Not too rich, but flavor everywhere.  The tofu was very good.Chocolate Fallen Cake = slightly dry but very flavorful.  I ate all of it so it couldn't have been bad...Boddingtons ==== ON TAP!!!!!   YES!  I love it.  I rarely find it on tap and I kill for a Boddingtons on tap.My only complaint was that the acoustics were a little weird.  I was very loud in there and therefore hard to talk.  Some of the walls are covered in metal and it's just not super conducive to long chats.  But I want to go back and try the Pork Chop for sure.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,4/12/2009,4,7,3,5,6>Rodney's. Any time I hear that name I think of a guy running around a restaurant staffed with all women, wearing a popped-collar polo shirt and penny loafers. Gotta love it. This Cherry Creek institution has been around for god knows how long, and it still delivers.They have a bunch of great lunch specials I have been devouring lately. A special lunch menu carries something like 5 items for under $5.55. Good portions too! Cheeseburger and fries, spaghetti with meats sauce, hot dog and side, a steak salad even! All this even comes with a beverage. Out the door for $6 bucks plus tip! YOWZA!!! That's what I'm talking about! Plus you can banter with C.C. professionals while lunching at the bar. Of course, some of their problems are different than mine (complaining about dropping rent on your duplex from $6,000 to $4,500 per month in order to find a renter is just not in my wheel-house), but it makes you realize that everyone is hurting just a little bit these days. Good food on the cheap is tough in Cougar Creek. I can't think of another place with atmosphere, comfortable settings, and good food for this price. If you can, please let me know!
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,4/11/2009,0,7,5,6,6>Cupcakes are more than just snacks. They are comfort in the palm of your hand, a bite full of sweetness that most of us have long since brushed aside as a snack best eaten by Barney fans.And there's a reason many of us have long forgotten the cupcake: store-bought cupcakes are just not that good. They taste processed, overly sugared and as if they were made by an hourly employee with the culinary skills of an Englishman.So the rise of cupcake boutiques throughout the metro area should be seen as nothing short of a dessert renaissance.This is what I've learned the last two Tuesdays as I've taken five minutes out of my day to pick up a tasty cupcake from Happy Cakes, a Highlands Square favorite.This teeny, tiny bakery serves eight to 10 different freshly made cakes each day with flavors rotating. The Peanut Butter Cup is a personal favorite, a rich, moist chocolate cake bed topped with a peanut butter frosting and a chocolate covered peanut. It's pretty much the greatest snack to hit my palate in years and conjures images of mom slaving away in the kitchen all day to produce incredible homemade goodies for us.Scratch that, my mother was never this good in the kitchen (sorry mom!).I keep coming back on Tuesdays because, well, that's the day the Peanut Butter Cup is baked and I love peanut butter. Coincidentally, it's the same day Happy Cakes rolls out the Two Dollar Tuesdays discount so you can save fifty cents a cupcake.Don't be afraid to go any other day of the week, though. The Red Velvet (a chocolate cake dyed red served with a cream cheese topping) and Black & White (the cupcake version of the aptly named cookie) are crowd pleasers. Actually, each of the two-dozen or so versions will make you feel like a little kid all over again.It's the type of sugary snack that will lift your spirits higher than an afternoon espresso or a cookie for that matter.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,4/10/2009,42,157,7,8,10>I think Denver Restaurant Week is the shiz. Here's the deal: $52.80 for two people, and that includes 1 appetizer, 1 entree, and 1 dessert for each person. So, you get all that at 26.40 each? Sweet. (And yes, I did have to take out a calculator to do that math. I'm an editor, people, not some kind of math whiz.) I mean, we're talking restaurants that normally charge more than that for an entree alone. I don't mind if the restaurant provides smaller portions -- they've still got the same overhead costs and need to make the numbers work. I have never left a restaurant hungry. Ever -- Denver Restaurant Week or otherwise. Maybe people are used to these insane American super-sized portions? Anyway, it is a fantastic opportunity to try lots of different tastes at restaurants that are normally a little bit outside of my budget. And if the food and service is fantastic? I'll be back and ready to spend all my hard-earned money in the future.There are over 200 restaurants that participate, so if you don't have a great experience at one, there are 200+ other places ready to charm the pants off of you. Go!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,4/9/2009,385,547,4,10,9>As I always look for a good diner or breakfast joint on the weekends to ease my hangover or mid morning hunger pains, the 20th Street Cafe won this last weekend.  The old neon style street sign burned an image of good breakfast in my mind as I parked right out front on the street.The restaurant is a classic, sit down and drink coffee all morning long type atmosphere.  Low stool type bar up front, table and chairs in the mid section and a row of booths against the wall.  Nothing fancy, just a good place to eat.The restroom is a portal through the kitchen to take a peak and see how your eggs are being cooked.  Trivial Pursuit cards are stashed in between the sugar and creamer packets.  Surprisingly great coffee and local waitresses chatting it up as you wait for your breakfast.The typical breakfast food is served until 11:00pm.  I ordered the breakfast burrito smothered in green chili and was very happy with it.  I always find if a breakfast place can nail the breakfast burrito along with the smother of green chili, they are good at everything they make.  [I also rate Mexican restaurants on how good their tamales are.]  I actually plan to go back and get it again soon.Most downtown breakfast places are VERY pricey and over rated.  20th Street Cafe does not have any smoke and mirrors, it is plain good food.  Take a few minutes and venture off the touristic area and get some semi-home cookin'.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,4/8/2009,110,188,2,14,9>I was so happy to learn of this wonderful addition to Highlands Ranch.  I have been here several times since they have opened.  I learned from the couple that owns and runs the bakery that they moved here from France, and ran a bakery in France!  You can't get more authentic than that.This is a family-owned, local, organic, baked fresh every day bakery.  The chocolate hazelnut crossiants are like little pillows of heaven.  Everything here that I have tried has simply been amazing.  I don't think I could ever go back to getting crossiants or baguettes anywhere else!  And they have lots of other sweet treats to try, all authentic, and skillfully made.  They often make little versions of the pastries also, so you can satisfy your sweet tooth and watch your waistline for less than a dollar.  The coffee is wonderful, and I suspect French Press made.They also have quiches that have a wonderful phyllo crust, soups, and sandwiches.  They will sometimes do special things, such as one Saturday they were serving crepes all day. Lastly, they have started delivering breakfast in bed people!  French pastries and coffee brought to your door, on Saturday mornings!  (80126 zip code only)  The suburbs never looked so good.Worth a drive for you Denver folk, if you are thinking of checking it out.  They will take special orders if you call ahead, and will set things aside and save them for you if you call.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,4/7/2009,202,266,1,13,9>Coming from California, I have missed shabu shabu CA style.  First of all, you don't have to share the shabu pot with other people and you can flavor the water/broth however you want.  I go here once a week and love that it's never busy and that the staff is always friendly.  The pot sits directly in front of you and you can either leave the water alone or flavor it with fish, red pepper, or miso paste.  My favorite is the red pepper, but I like things spicy.  I usually get the "lighter dish" which is chicken.  The little asian lady that works there on Tuesdays is great because she always voluntarily gives you tongs to pick up the raw chicken.  And I always ask for a side of chopped garlic (which they always have handy unless they've made the miso/sesame dipping sauce that day).  This place is SO good.  I only wish they had more variety with their veggies and offered dicon radish puree to add flavor to the ponzu sauce and broth.  One last comment-if you prefer brown rice over white rice, ask early as it takes about 5-10 minutes for them to make.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,4/6/2009,24,21,11,11,11>Oh Tocabe, you naughty naughty replacement for my once Chipotle cravings.  McChipotle-who? This American Indian tradition has found a place in my heart, lets take some buffalo meat, hell I will eat the chicken too...mix it with some spicy salsa's and veggies wrap it with dough... flash fry it and bring me back to the days when I would eat funnel cake at the Kiwanas Country Trade Fair.  Yummm... This is considered dinner?  Are you sure I can't have powdered sugar on this too? Ok just slap some of that chipotle mayo and hot green chili on that and I am in fry-bread heaven.I am full and will be back.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,4/5/2009,128,109,5,13,14>After seeing the Yelp reviews I decided to sign up for DTD yesterday.  Much to my dismay I was too late to get this weeks delivery.  Never fear, Peter to my rescue!He emailed me and said that since they were literally RIGHT around the corner from where I work he was willing to drop it off for me or I could come by and pick it up.  I chose to swing by today and grab it.  What stellar service!  I rushed back to work and eagerly opened my box.  I stashed the GORGEOUS lettuce, spinach and celery in the fridge and immediately tucked into a gala apple for lunch.  Heaven.This is the deal of a lifetime.  Fresh, beautiful, organic produce delivered straight to your door at home or at work in whatever size and frequency works best for you.  Don't want the chard?  No problem, they'll sub it out (we got an avocado instead!) And best of all, everything is CLEAN and free of bugs, unlike most of the other FSA and organics deliveries I have used in the past.DTD Organics, you are my new best friend.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,4/4/2009,15,17,1,9,11>I heart Sweet Action! Flavors I have had so far: Milk Chocolate Hazelnut, Brown Sugar Banana, Baklava, Vegan Chocolate (with a coconut milk base so it tastes like a mounds bar), Cherry Mash, Kaffir Lime Sorbet, I have also had a Ginger Cookie/ Ginger IceCream Sandwich and a Vietnamese Coffee Popsicle. Everything is delicious. I wish the chocolate hazelnut tasted more like nutella, it is a little bit subtle for my taste, but that is just my taste. the Banana has kickin' flavor and the baklava even has pieces of baklava in it. the flavors change all the time, so you never know what they'll have but with 22 flavors there will always be something I want. Also they have an awesome Happy Hour deal on Pints. CHECK IT OUT!
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2009,4/3/2009,114,440,2,11,8>The Red Velvet cupcake had a large cream cheese flower on in it which I could've eaten alone. The frosting is rich yet light, fluffy and melts in your mouth (and probably in your hand too). I have never seen frosting like this. The cake on the other hand is dry.  Beware ordering this with chocolate ganache, you might be setting yourself up for a sugar coma.  Our cake was basically a 9" round sliced to be filled.  I expected more.Strawberry Fields cake: Vanilla butter cake layered with custard and fresh strawberries. It completely went beyond my expectations. For decoration they had the sides encrusted with sparkling sugar. The message they cut out all of the letters in colored fondant, and the top was dotted with fondant confetti and framed in small cream cheese droplets. It tasted just like strawberry shortcake but 10x better with the vanilla cake. Honestly, I'm a chocolate person, and I stole the leftover piece from the birthday boy. Their chocolate walnut cookie is damn tasty, I only wished I had grabbed a cup of java to go with it. Buttery, crisp on the outside, and soft in the inside. No picking for the chocolate required, every bite has oodles of chocolaty delight. Next on my wish list: Turtle Dove cake (chocolate cake layered with chocolate cream cheese, and topped with chocolate ganache, chopped pecans and gooey caramel)
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,4/2/2009,63,128,8,12,9>My fiance and I came here on Valentine's Day, which also happened to be my 30th birthday. I don't usually look forward to going out to dinner on my birthday for obvious reason...the main one being the prix fixe menus that seem to have infested fine dining on V-Day like so many rats. Having worked in the restaurant business for many years, I understand how difficult it is for restaurants to make such holidays a success, and I get that a fixed menu helps, but it's presumptuous and boring. Being that VD Day is my birthday, too, it's double suckage in my book.Izakaya won me over right away by serving from their regular, full menu on the (normally) infernal 14th. We ordered tapas style while sipping their signature cocktails. Each item was AMAZING...and I say that having been to Japan several times, and having worked in a four-star sushi restaurant. I was blown away by the Kobe beef...oh no, now my mouth is watering! Also, don't expect run of the mill calamari. Prepare to be completely wowed by their take on the dish!I have to be honest - I can't wait to go back. From the service, to the ambiance, to the cocktails, to (especially) the amazing tapas, everything was A++. We only spent $100, and we left the restaurant full enough to burst open all over the valet guy, and I was pleasantly buzzed to boot. Best overall restaurant experience we've had in Denver. I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,3/30/2009,237,363,10,22,26>Top Ten Things to LOVE about the Central Library:10. Architecture by Michael Graves creates a storybook castle feel next to the evil battle castle feel of the Denver Art Museum.9. You can check out up to 300 books. Seriously. 8. Late fines are only a quarter a day. Eat that Blockbuster. 7. The Fresh City Life program offers Fashion Shows, Knitting Groups, cooking classes and keeps the library active in entertaining the community. 6. TV shows check out for 3 weeks. That's 3 weeks of all the Six Feet Under, Heroes, LOST, Battlestar Galactica, Buffy, 24, The L Word or anything else you want that you can stand! Ass-magnets engage! 5. Amazingly expensive databases like Valueline, Morningstar, Consumer Reports, Auto Repair Reference Center and many more are available 24/7 from the comfort of your home. This includes eBooks, audio eBooks and eFlicks. 4. A World Class Western History and Genealogy Department on the 5th floor. These specialists can help you unearth your family tree and have tons of Colorado treasures stored in their archives. 3. Storytime and Book Babies offered multiple times a week in the adorable Children's Library enthusiastically presented by Children's Librarians. 2. The website kicks so much ass. If you haven't tried the new catalog, you just gotta! discover.denverlibrary.o Place holds 24/7 to pick up at your leisure at your local branch. Make lists, write reviews and tag books all to help you and others find books, movies, cds and so much more!1. All of this is FREE with a library card. Amazing.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,3/28/2009,34,75,1,9,8>From outside, you have no idea that you are about to step into a wonderland!I was so taken aback by the imaginative interior design of this restaurant when I walked in that I just couldn't stop looking around. When I first  looked at the menu, I was slightly put-off by the prices but then immediately forgave them when I had my first small plate. The wine selection is hearty and the food selections will meet the needs of carnivores and vegetarians alike. Like the interior, the dishes are top-notch.The ambiance of this restaurant is romantic yet not so much so that you would feel odd going for just a drink, with friends or on a business dinner. You will not have a "thrifty" meal here, however, expect to have a delicious, reasonably-portioned meal in a relaxing, romantic and innovative atmosphere.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,3/27/2009,135,320,4,10,9>Eurydiceone word free association:wowintimatesurrealhumorouscreativesadminimalistintensethree word recommendation:GO SEE IT!This was my first experience seeing a production at the Curious and I really enjoyed the play as well as the venue itself.  Has me thinking of subscribing.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2009,3/26/2009,81,318,4,16,9>I'm at loss with this one...How do you rate a restaurant that has so much potential, with a menu that could make you a weekly regular, yet it fails at the basic core stuff - the stuff taught in Restaurant 101 on day 1. I guess I'll keep it neutral and let you decide. Our Sunday 6:30 pm Bistro One experience started with entering a near empty restaurant (5-6 couples) to be greeted by : " Hmmm, lets See What We Can Do" -- ( I laughed, but he wasn't joking) Then we were steered towards the other couples in bar-like high tops, before we requested one of the large empty window-side tables. The Wait Service began with a rocky start. Her wine suggestions were unremarkable wines that all happened to be $12, the priciest glasses from Pinor Noir to Cab -- coincidence, I'm sure. The BF had even a harder time with his beer, after asking for 1 of the dozen advertised bottles, a 10 minute search came up with 1 bottle of a dark lager ( he drinks light), which they dumped into a glass before asking if he wanted it, and not serving it in the bottle like ordered. The BF of course drank it and didn't say anything, but he wasn't happy. The 3rd miss in the trifecta is the 4 slices of cold, stale, flavorless King Soopers bread served with the cheapest olive oil ( no balsamic). Head Shaker How much extra time and money to heat and serve a mini loaf of good , WARM bread. I would bet any amount of money, the reward would far outweigh the extra few cents- Another chuckle moment came when the server took back the first basket --Instead of 4 pieces,  It held 8 pieces of bread,  and was intended for the mystical party of 4-- You know, the ones they're saving the good tables for. Dinners consisted of salads, which were very good, and reasonably priced at $5 a pop. The BF's Veal Shank was perfect -- the meat slid off the bone, just like it should. The accompaniment, a parsnip puree fooled the BF into thinking it was whipped potato. While the braising liquid wasn't as good as the limelight, who used a good quality wine, and plenty of vegetables giving depth, the preparation of the meat itself was by far better then the KT restaurant. Overall, a very good dish, however totally marred by the inability to sop. The bread that should be soaked with all that good braising liquid was so cold, and stale, that it sat uneaten. My dish, a combination of seared duck breast with a french fried leg was a 50% win. The breast was perfect. Cooked to temperature, the skin slightly crispy was a hit. However the leg was inedible. It was so cold, yet overcooked that it turned a weird petrified consistency. The BF thought it was left-overs, as it's an option of the appy menu. Now that I'm thinking about it, he's probably right -- there's no other way to explain the breast being so good, and the leg, so bad. So there you have it....an overall nice restaurant, who is doing a disservice by not paying attention to the small, yet important items which will bring customers back time and time again. I plan on watching the reviews in hopes of one day returning for a 5 star experience, and writing a 5 star update.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,3/24/2009,212,239,16,16,14>I feel dirty, tainted, ashamed. I think I just cheated on Pho 95. Rich broth, complex, just enough oil on the spoon to remind me that there were bones and marrow bubbling for a long time making this sweet, blessed pho. Lots of tender tendon, noodles and steak. My pho-riend *sorry, sorry, sorry* had the chicken and veggie pho combo. It was wasn't on the menu but the owner was more than happy to give her exactly what she really wanted. Veggie plate was just enough not to waste, the usual table condiments and our water glasses were never even near half empty. I think I might have to sneak past Pho 95 and visit my new obsession again, why must Pho 555 tempt me with its sensual broth and coyly placed dumdums?
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,3/22/2009,136,102,7,9,9>Melita's isn't just delicious, it is redeemingly delicious.  For anyone who has been following my reviews for a long time, you may recall I swore off all Greek food after experiencing that travesty that is The Mad Greek Cafe in Baker, CA.  However, after tasting the wonderful food and impeccable service of Melita's Greek Cafe & Market, my faith in the souvlaki industry is restored.  I tried the gyro with feta cheese, and some baklava for dessert.  The food was carefully prepared and delivered promptly to my table.  The prices were excellent, making Melita's a very viable daily lunch stop for all the working professionals in the area.  Finally, as if the restaurant isn't great enough already, Melita's offers imported olive oil, Greek breads, and a wide variety of spices for sale so you can imbue your own cooking with the excellence that is Melita's Greek Cafe & Market.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,3/21/2009,82,178,2,7,11>My first visit review:Perhaps by some fluke (or perhaps cause we're important Yelpers) we got seated in less than 10 mins, despite the big Chinese New Year's weekend crowd. Initial impressions - definitely a step up in decor being fancier than all the other dim sum places, with tons of booths, woodwork, and an actual fancy-looking bar and hostess station; even nice and clean bathrooms!? Lobby was roomy enough to hold dozens of people waiting for a table, as they ogled the dim sum selection.Food was hot, quality was good, and variety OK; a few things normally at Super Star were not spotted this visit (no do fu hwa). We pretty much stuck to standbys - shu mai, ha gow, steam pork bun, baked pork bun, baked pineapple bun, shrimp crepe, pork ribs, chicken feet (Angel approved), turnip cake, panfried chive dumpling, roasted pork w/crispy skin, dan tat, mango pudding. $80 w/ tip for 4, including 2 orders of pork chow fun we took to go. After we were done eating, clams, pan-fried noodles and roast duck that looked good came by...did not leave crazy stuffed, as some portions smaller than other places. Servers were nice and helpful, for the most part friendly, and we weren't rushed at all, staying almost 2 hrs. And New Year's Lion Dance at 1PM - free and fun for all.All in all, a very enjoyable dim sum! I will be back fo sho few times in the coming months...
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,3/20/2009,52,137,10,17,16>Although the name of this establishment is unfortunate (EVOO reminds me of Rachael Ray who is on my top-ten list of most annoying people on TV after Ryan Seacrest), this place is a foodie's dream. Ever gone to the grocery store to pick out olive oil or balsamic vinegar only to be confronted with 20 different bottles of widely varying price ranges with nothing to help you pick what you like other than label descriptions of 'fruity' and 'light'? EVOO offers all of their oils and vinegars in test barrels that you can try before you buy. Suddenly, words like 'fruity' and 'woody' have real meaning when you can compare between varieties. Very nice selection and reasonable prices for the quality offered.My one suggestion to EVOO would be to offer smaller quantity bottles (I'll add another star, I promise). I wanted to buy some of the more interesting varieties like Black Cherry Balsamic and Blood Orange Olive Oil but I couldn't imagine how I would use an entire large bottle of it. I also wanted to buy some as gifts and it would be fun to be able to give 3 or so varieties as a house-warming gift rather than one big bottle. Because of this, I bought 2 middle-of-the-road varieties that I know I can quickly use in the kitchen.Tip: If you stop in, try the Raspberry or Black Cherry Balsamic. I would drizzle this on ice cream - I swear.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2009,3/19/2009,238,144,51,24,18>I had no idea what to write here, so I asked for some fairy guidance.  Here goes:I am a man.  If you've taken biology, you know that men have skin, too.  We may lack other vital things:  the ability to put clothes in the hamper, fashion sense, shoes that don't smell, etc.  But we make up for it.  How else would you get the pickle jar open?  Or for that matter, get it down from the top shelf of the cupboard?  Or, when lost, who pushes on, WITHOUT WUSSING OUT AND GETTING DIRECTIONS, I might add, to find our destination just 6 hours late?  Men.  And all that goodness is covered up with skin.  Rough, tough, dirty, unexfoliated, brimming with toxins SKIN...that may smell like something, but it sure ain't roses.Well, Moondance Botanicals is just the place to change all of that.When we first arrived, we were served our choice of champagne, red wine, juice of some sort, and water.  Also, to nibble on, dark chocolate with lavender and blueberries, and some Gouda with walnuts, and honey drizzled over the top.  We then rubbed some kind of oil, (lavender, I think?) on our wrists, and then meditated with our heads down, smelling the oils for a couple of minutes.  I, for one, could feel the fairies just putting the beat down on my stress.  Take that, anxiety, take that, job insecurity, and take THAT, societal gender stereotypes!  Vanquished, all.  We concentrated on completing the phrase "I am" and had to finish it with one word. Others said "I am happy", "I am relaxed" "I am excited", etc. and though I have been walking around singing "I am beautiful" ever since, my phrase was "I am traveling".  (my FIRST thought was actually "I am so happy I am in a room with so many beautiful women all to myself, eat that you mofos that laughed at me for getting a facial" but I it had to be one word.)We then picked our fairy card, and pondered it's meaning for a moment, and then read the fairy book which offered further fairy guidance.  Mine was "look within yourself", and my fairy guidance was to forget all the outward affirmations that I am a good person, to set aside all the things I do to take the place of love (such as new clothes, big TVs, advanced degrees, etc.) and to look within, and to see that I am truly a beautiful human being, worthy of love, respect, and affection.Next step, exfoliation, with Quaker oats.  OK, not Quaker oats, but it had an oatmeal smell and texture, I mixed with with water and I rubbed it all over my face.  Though I looked like a toddler at breakfast, my skin was already starting to feel softer and revitalized.We then washed our faces, most washed their own, but my good good friends Jenn and Maha took care of me and helped me...which also illustrated that I AM worthy of care and affection.  We applied some more kind of oil, to soften and moisten the skin a bit.  I wish I could remember it was, but this was like learning a new language here, the language of women...which is like learning a mix of Russian, Arabic, and Mandarin.  Ask them what it was, it just felt good, that's all I know.Then, the secret cult portion of the evening.  we steamed open our pores with hot water in those bowls, towels over our heads until we couldn't stand it any more, or until everyone said "Dave, you can stop now".  Yeah, baby, I did it the longest!  What do I win?Now, the MASK!  Like Spiderman?  No, MASQUE, Dave.  Ahhh, OK.  We had our choice of Dark Chocolate (antioxidant), Clay (best for your oily T zone, wherever that is.  Red zone, I can find) and Red Rose, which, I think, pulls out toxins and moisturizes.  Since rubbing chocolate was suddenly socially acceptable, that was my starting point.  Not in your eyes, they said.  OK.  not in your mouth.  WHAT?! (I snuck a little, not bad!).  They said I could mix them any way I wished, all 3 if I like, so I added the clay, just to my oily T zone.  We used whatever was left on our hands to cover our whole hands, front and back, because we also want beautiful soft hands...and there we all sat for several minutes.  Maha told me I looked like a super hero, and Jenn agreed, stating that my towel was a cape!  The man points started to trickle back in.Once dry and cracking on our faces, we washed off our masques and applied another oil and a cream, whose ingredients again escape me, and we were basically done!  Since we had done the facial as a group (you'll need at least 4, up to 15) we had a discount of 20% on all the products in the store.  Many are hand made right in the store by a ravishing young woman.  Again, names?  No clue.  One thing of many that I liked here was when I asked the owner what to do to help my eyes look better, the tips she gave me actually weren't sales pitches, she gave me actual USEFUL advice to help me, not to sell products.  Only when I pushed on did they show me something to actually buy, and I respect that a lot.  It builds credibility for me, and that's what I need to be a repeat customer.  Yes, me, a man, a MANLY man, will return.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2009,3/18/2009,17,48,7,12,10>Today I waited in line for a half an hour for lunch. I really thought my husband must be nuts for bringing me there at first. The out-the-door line in the windy cool weather lent a bit of credence to his story about "the best catfish he's had since we moved away from Louisiana... awesome mac-n-cheese...yada yada" Once we progressed to within eyesight of the menu I found it filled with yummy options that reminded me of home. I decided to ignore my instinct about ordering seafood in a landlocked state and got the catfish, mashed taters, and broccoli & rice casserole.         Upon picking up my styrofoam container of food it momentarily crossed my mind that I should have done some bicep curls in preparation for transport of this food. That sucker was heavy! I ate and ate until I thought I would pop, then I ate a bite more. It was good, really good. The mashed potatoes were real, my husband's mac-n-cheese was indeed good (I snuck quite a few bites!). And, most surprisingly, the catfish was good. The cornmeal batter was perfect! I had to bring home most of my side dishes, because there was so much left over. I think the presentation of my dine-in dish in a to-go package should've tipped me off. Wish they were open for lunch on the weekends!!
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,3/17/2009,260,513,4,11,9>Like Thomas S, I like this new version of the location at 9th and Jersey. The 9th Avenue Grill is the first business to make a major break from the past. The interior has been revamped and opened up so that the beautiful bar is a major feature. (The old doors are still on the wall but with a hip new coat of black enamel). And they no longer use the old Italian/Mexican combo menu advertising the La Bola salsa from 20+ years past. The husband and I stopped in last night for dinner before our shopping spree at Safeway. (This used to be our bimonthly "date".) The menu is really interesting, not bar food, not fine dining, and interesting enough to keep you coming back. I had the green chili posole with crispy fried pork and butternut squash and a green chili Caesar salad. The cheese was handmade! I loved that they had two size offerings on several of the soup and salad options. The husband had a burger, dinner salad with one of the 3 (count them THREE) homemade dressings, and the most incredible basket of fries with a trade secret seasoning. They offer two happy hours including Saturday from 3-6 and 10 - midnight.  9th Avenue Grill has a very nice selection of beers on tap including my favorite Blue Moon. We will be back to see how our friend mixes cocktails and sit at the bar to get to know the owners. And about our new friend, Mike, he took my teasing very well about the 5 star reviews from the no face profiles, with no friends, and only one review. As I told him, they will not need the fakey fakerson reviews as this business will stand on its own and from Real Reviews by Real People. See you guys in two weeks for our next "date" night. It is good to have you in the neighborhood and with a name that I always thought was fitting for this location.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,3/16/2009,639,447,17,8,16>And now, a haiku for all my mates at Streets of London:Serious hipstersSkinny jean heaven existsWithin these brick wallsThe bartenders areTattooed, aloof but speedyWith my High Life beerLots of room for poolJust make sure you do not smackSomeone in the faceMan, I should start a poetry slam night at Streets. Who's with me?Anyone?Bueller?
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,3/15/2009,713,203,10,14,22>OH, SO MANY BAUBLES, one cute place!  This is Cherry Creek's hidden treasure.   Show of Hands is one of the cutest shops on 2nd, and the Creek is packed with great places.  I've been here many times, even before they moved locations.  Each time I come I discover new and varied treasures.  You will find a few paintings, lots of hand crafted jewelry, unique sculptural pieces, hand painted boxes, artistic cards, one of a kind lamps, thrown and hand built pottery,  beautifully crafted bags, adorable baby items, and so much more.  This is the place you'll wish you could sell your hand crafted wares, if you're artistic.  You will pay well for the high price of quality.You're going to find the most unique gifts for your artistic friend or yourself.  I know I'll be back, again, and again, and again!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2008,3/14/2009,8,65,2,7,6>No one has written a review for Healing Glow yet? I almost feel ashamed. If you know someone who likes candles, you will put yourself in their good graces by visiting Healing Glow. The candles smell great, they look fantastic, and burn for hundreds of hours. And I mean that literally.  The owner has burned one candle for five days straight and it went down three inches. This place is a great place for Christmas gifts. He has several loyal customers who come back year after year, and I'm becoming one of them myself. My mom loved last year's candle and I know she'll love this years too.Part of what makes this place even better is the make-your-own candle workshop. You pick the scent(s), size, colors, and mold, then hang out for awhile with some friends - drinks or food are okay to bring - and watch that unique gift come to life.The owner, Jeff, is one of the most friendly people you'll meet. Great guy.Go check this place out! You won't be sorry, unless maybe you hate all pleasant smells, but, really, at that point, you're on your own.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,3/13/2009,75,167,1,11,11>Wolfe's BBQ is the most unique place I have eaten in Denver. Wolfe runs the entire place by himself.  No employees and no frills.  Just great food.  My fiancee has been going there for 10+ years.  He gets the tofu sandwich.  Good BBQ tofu is not something that is easy to come by.  He is not longer a vegetarian but the tofu is too good to stop ordering.  Personally,  I like the brisket. Because it is a one man operation, there can be some decent wait times during peak hours but who cares?  Wolfe is to nice to complain.  He has always been friendly and he walks your food to your table without fail.  He is open late and on most holidays.  The prices are GREAT! and food quality never changes.  When you go here, make sure you strike up a conversation with him, if it isn't busy.  He has been on Colfax for years and has some good stories about it. I know I am kind of gushing but this place is not something you come across everyday.  Tonight when I was there he was talking about how it is important to keep his prices low.  He said he knew when he started that he wasn't going to be making a ton of money but he wanted to make good food.  That is exactly what he is doing.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2009,3/12/2009,101,138,,17,13>I had a great time at the new Irish Pub situated in the old 'Supreme Court' spot on the bottom floor of the Sheraton.I was warmly greeted and asked outright, here to just drink, or eat with us tonight?  It being right after work, just drink was fine with me.  My friend Zak and I grabbed two seats straight ahead at the first bar (pretty sure there's 4).I had a Katie Mullen's Brew which is an amberish lager that tastes a bit like an ale.  Delicious.  They have a good selection of Irish Whiskeys, including my current personal favorite, Red Breast (Pot stilled, 12 yr old, smooth).I had a Scotch Egg.  My folks are British, and I've had Scotch eggs more than the average Denverite is my guess... Katie's is really, really good.  It's served cold, which is not the traditional way I've eaten them (read: the way my mom made them), but it was great.  They will heat it up for you if you ask.  The right amount of meat and egg, the mustard sauce was a change (the Brits serve it with a pickled relish).  The manager/proprietor came by, said hello, asked if we were enjoying ourselves... which is such a nice touch.  The place was pretty packed, maybe 400 people, possibly more - hard to tell in an 11,000 sq. ft. building. So when the bossman stops by the two schleps sitting at the bar having a pint and watching football and asks how things are, you can tell there is a great deal of care put into the place.I want to go back and try some more food, the boxty's served with most meals... the shepherd's pie.  Having not tried the other items is the only reason this is a 4 star review.  i can't fully recommend a place until I've tried more than a beer and an appetizer.Lastly.  The atmosphere in this sprawling pub is spot on.  The owners have 4 other pubs.  All in Ireland or Northern ireland, so they get it.  They imported tables, spared no expense on the decor.  Having been to Temple Bar in Dublin I can honestly say that this is a good example of a modern Irish Pub.  They're not going to beat you over the head with kitschy, irritating cliches.  Instead, they'll just ask if you're there to just drink tonight.--some of the details of Katie Mullen's were things I read in a Rocky Mountain News articel--
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,3/11/2009,69,28,8,10,12>This little gem of a cupcake shop on Colfax is owned by a very sweet Maggie Gyllenhaal look-a-like whose actual name is "Porsche Lovely." If that isn't reason enough for you to patronize Lovely Confections, let me convince you.--Ms. Lovely was ballsy enough to open her new cupcake shop probably less than a half a mile away from the hipster darling cupcake place, "The Shoppe," which has a very distinct, trendy, indie style that includes interesting modern design goods and books with its incredibly neon-y, sugary cupcakes (and cereal.) I went to The Shoppe before I knew Lovely Confections existed, and I thought it was cool and that the cupcakes were enjoyable. Lovely Confections, on the other hand, is almost as bare-bones as you can get. They sell cupcakes, and, in theory, coffee drinks, (?) though I've never smelled a coffee aroma in there. There are a few spartan chairs and tables and no real artwork or decoration that I can remember. Why does this possibly-unintended minimalism add to my 5 star rating, you ask? Because the cupcakes are just THAT GOOD. Clearly, Porsche knew this, or she wouldn't have opened up so close to another cupcake shop that has obviously been pretty successful so far. But Porsche is demure, sweet, and cute. Her ballsiness and shrewd business sense is hidden somewhere among the mounds of organic buttercream and little sparkly sprinkles that fill her shop. This is cool.--Ms. Lovely's cupcakes reflect her personality, or at least the personality I've ascribed to her after several cupcake fixes. They are pretty, precise, and inviting. Then you take a bite and are hit with a ton of bricks, in the good way. These babies are RICH, luscious, honest, powerful, downright sexual. I'm not trying to come on to the cupcake lady in this review, but they are just that good. All of the favorite standbys are here, like vanilla and chocolate, with a special flavor every weekend, like pumpkin spice or peppermint. My vote goes to the coconut or the lemon (usually available) but you should venture in and find your own vice.There are few things in life that are as simple and pleasurable as a straight up cupcake with sprinkles on it. Waste not any time or energy feeling guilty about the sugar content or carb count. Lovely Confections has elevated the basic cupcake, with honest, natural, and often-organic ingredients, to something divine.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2009,3/10/2009,154,252,19,9,14>I think I just orgasmed with my mouth.  If my parents are reading this, Hi Mom!  Hi Dad!  Aren't you proud?This joint is my new favorite pizza, and I'm "never, never gonna give you up, I'm never ever gonna stop."  CUE THE BARRY WHITE MUSIC.Double D's is a local business (the first is in Louisville), and the Westminster/ Broomfield spot just opened.  The big draw is the sourdough bread, almost making it a sandwich instead of a pizza.  There's also thin crust, but grow some balls and get the sourdough.I got the Palette pleaser, which consists of (read straight from the menu): DD's Original Marinara Sauce, Whole Milk Mozzarella Cheese, Pepperoni, Canadian Bacon, Bermuda Onions, Red, Yellow & Green Bell Peppers, Andouille Sausage (Sliced), Beef, Black Olives, and Fresh Mushrooms.  I was full from just one slice (but I did go back for more, later.  Lots more.).  The other combinations are worth looking at, or create your own.Also ordered the garlic rolls.  Yum.  I opened that foil and was immediately punched in the nose with a waft of garlic sensationalism, knocking me down to the ground as the rolls sat in their olive oil and buttery bath, sprinkled with parmesan and romano cheese, taunting me, forcing me to eat more.  But it wasn't too much, if that's what you're thinking.  I didn't even need the marinara sauce on the side.These pizzas will set you back a bit, pricewise (i.e. $20 for a medium gourmet pizza, $12 for one topping medium) but that's just the way it is for a local pizzeria north of Denver.All in all, an excellent indulgence for something a little different.  And to avoid the obvious joke that I've heard from many people, it's not a Hooters.  The Double D refers to the owners' names, not the size of their chests.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2009,3/9/2009,118,148,10,13,11>I think that the name of this restaurant has to do with the fact that you will leave with more "bones" in your pocket than you expected. The price is SUPER reasonable! And the location is great for me (3 blocks from home anyone?).My girl boyfriend and I went on a date here a couple of weeks ago and I have not been able to stop talking about it. The food was fabulous, the service was exceptional, and the ambiance was amazing. Since it was a Friday night, and we had no reservations, we waited at Mizuna for a spot at the bar. From now on I will ask to sit at the bar. The kitchen is behind the bar. The chef and other kitchen staff are some of the funnest, funniest, and friendliest people that I have ever met. And I haven't even gotten to the food yet!I have a hard time giving restaurants 5 stars for ambiance and service alone, but the food at Bones is worth every one of those stars. The menu is small, but I felt like with the variety that they provided it would take a long time to get bored. We started with the pork buns (we tried both the pork belly and suckling pig. HOW BRAVE!!) and this freakin TASTEY salad! Bleu cheese, candied almonds, slices of pear? How can you say no? The noodle bowl that we shared for our main course was also amazing. Then to top it off, we tried the soft serve in both strawberry quick and oreo flavors. A great way to finish a fabulous meal. I will most certainly be returning. With all of the food, and a bottle of the bubbles, and tip we ended leaving for under 50 bones a person! How could that be?
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2008,3/8/2009,56,131,4,12,10>I finally got a chance to eat at twelve last night.  The concept is, 12 months of the year, 12 menus per year (based on the freshest ingredients), and 12 menus items at a time.  We walked in around 9:30 to be greeted at the door by our waiter and owners wife?  There were 4 of us and we were seated promptly.  Our waiter was great and explained the concept to us all.  He suggested a  great wine for us to start with as well.We all shared the hamachi and sweet bread mushroo ravioli goodness with an over easy egg...YUM!!!!Josh, our waiter, told us we were about to be served food that was going to be very different from anything we had in Denver. He was right! Very creative menu.I then had the endive salad which was peppery with the perfect amount of creamy bluecheese!The entrees at my table were the duck with delish figs, scallops with brussels, bacon, fingerling taters, and the lamb.  They were all AMAZING and I can not even describe the presentation...again, very unique to Denver. You will just have to go and see for yourself!!We ended up with some dessert, the chocolate trio was good as well, not my  favorite part of the meal, but good for sure.We had the pleasure of chatting it up with the Chef/Owner Osaka.  Since I am slightly obsessed with YELP, I might have told I was looking forward to being the 1st to review 12, so I jumped on it today!  He told us about his favs in the hood and what some of his hopes were.The only reason I didnt give it a 5 quite yet, is because I have a feeling this is just the beginning for 12.  There hasnt been much buzz about it out there yet, but I know that will change. Once that happens, get a little art up on the wall, some people at the bar...this place is going to be the next Marcos (as far as the reviews on YELP, and they are neighbors!).  I look forward to checking out the monthly menus and watching this place become the new hottest restaurant in Denver! :)  Be back soon!
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,3/7/2009,95,164,4,13,11>My husband and I got the opportunity to go out to dinner tonight, not a frequent occurence in our house.  Sometimes we are like two ships passing in the night.  I didn't ask where he wanted to go, I told him we had to go to Dougherty's.  He sounded sort of apprehensive, but I explained that they have stuffed burgers and homemade fries.  I ordered the corned beef and cabbage stuffed burger, which sounds so wrong in theory.  It was oh so right though.  I just wish there was more filling.  The burger was plump and juicy with the usual toppings; lettuce, tomato, onion and pickle.  I put a little bit of ketchup and some of thier chipotle mayo on my burger and it was so tastey.  My husband ordered the T-Bone steak with "champ", which is mashed potatoes with butter and chives.  He loved it, I didn't have more than a bite because it was medium rare.  For dessert we tried the Irish Cream Cheesecake with Baileys Whipped Cream.  It was fabulous. I really like homemade graham cracker crust and that is just what I got.  The cheesecake didn't have too strong of a flavor, which I liked.  My husband was happy that I suggested this place and he was already looking at the menu for the next time.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,3/6/2009,614,1007,1,11,12>This is a cozy neighborhood spot. Located right next door to the Crossroads Theater - 5 Points, it's a great location for coffee before or after a show.The owner is genuinely sweet and very friendly - he makes you feel like you've been coming in there your whole life.This is a great place to meet friends, business associates, or a date. There is also a big screen in the back which is perfect for catching up on the news, sports, or cartoons if you bring your kids.  ...and yes, they have ice cream.This local coffee shop supports numerous local events going on in the community and is an outstanding representative of what your local business owners are doing right!
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,3/5/2009,79,146,6,10,10>Bastien's is the kind of place you can get dressed up for.  It's got old school class coming out of the wood work.  I mean this is a place I could have taken my grandparents to and really impressed them.The decor is old time chic.  Wood panelling that gleams, low light, and candles in heavy glass holders.  The music is totally Sinatra-esque.  It's low enough to not interrupt conversations, but just there enough that you might find yourself singing "Fly Me to the Moon."  Perfect!The food was really good.  Clean, classic steak dinners with a few little twists.  I got a basic strip steak and it was cooked perfectly.  Tender, juicy and the flavor was perfect without a bunch of seasonings.  The sides were good, too.The best thing I can say about the waitstaff (and it's truly meant as a compliment) was that I didn't even notice that they were there.  I ordered and then our waitress faded.  She kept making sure we were taken care of but she was so slick about it we never had to wonder "where is our waitress?"  It was fantastic service.I will definitely be coming back.  I'll probably even make my honey put on his good pants and tuck in!  It's just that classy.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2009,3/4/2009,34,48,15,13,10>I booked Paulito and I a couples massage here for Valentine's Day.   We had the hot tub/massage/banya treatment. We ventured down a LONG hall and found the place...it's eerily dark and creepy in there.Here's a hint, don't bother with the hot tub and the banya treatment unless you're into pain.  The hot tub was too hot! 110 degrees, I think it said?  Jiminy Crickets!  I slowly sunk into it like Bugs Bunny does in that episode that he thinks he's taking a bath but really he's being boiled in a soup pot...I had to pop out after 5 min and lay on my table and wait for the massage. Now that massage, Leapin' Lizards!  It's a tie between another I had received as the best massage EVER!  I believe my masseuse's name was Janet?  She rocked.  She made up for that boiling hot jacuzzi.  EXCELLENT!We then went into the Sauna and sweated a bit which was nice...then the Banya treatment.  Ok, she beat me with a bush!  That didn't really feel good.  Then she rubbed honey all over me...she then mentioned she was into skin care and said she'd rub honey on my face...whoops she put some in my eye....ouchie.Then we sweated some more and then...a "surprise"!  That's what Janet called it.  I won't ruin it for you and tell you what the "surprise" was.  She helped us up and we took a shower.  A sliced up apple and really tasty tea waited for us.  As we snacked, we noticed that they are the official massagers of the Avalanche Hockey Team.  Nice huh?I have to admit, I felt so refreshed that I don't care that I was almost boiled and beat hard with a bush.  I felt wonderful!
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,3/3/2009,245,483,11,9,9>What can I say about U.S. Thai that hasn't been said already?  Well, on this particular afternoon, they were playing the most awesomely bad, that it was actually good cd mix of the ultimate pop hits of the 1990s.  Except it wasn't that, it was the elevator music edition!  Imagine a kenny g-esque mix filled with instrumental smooth jazz renditions of:-(Everything I Do) I Do it For You-The End of the road-Kiss From a Rose-Vision of Love+ many, many more...While all of these songs I professed to hate as a teen; in reality I had a love/hate relationship with - as I could belt out the lyrics to every single song despite having no vocals on any of these renditions.  As we got up to pay the bill, a song came up that sums up my view of US Thai.  Cue music:------------Without you, there'd be no sun in my skyThere would be no love in my lifeThere'd be no world left for meAnd I, oh Baby, I don't know what I would doI'd be lost if I lost youIf you ever leaveBaby you would take away everything real in my lifeAnd tell me nowHow do I live without youI want to knowHow do I breathe without youIf you ever goHow do I ever, ever surviveHow do IHow do IOh, how do I live---------Thank you Leann!Well the food is good.  Darn good.  Would I call it authentic?  Absolutely not - because there isn't such a thing in the U.S. (that I know of).  But they do it good and the dishes taste as though they'd come out of the kitchen of a genuine Thai person, that also knows how to cook.  I especially enjoyed the Ladna - super delish - and just like my mom would make it.  U.S. Thai also doesn't mess around when it comes to the spice.  When a particularly adventurous Anglo patron pronounced that he'd like to get his dish spicy, the hostess screamed "Noooooo!  You don't want do that!"  Which prompted a fit of giggles from my wife and I because we both know that when you go to a true Thai person's house or a legit restaurant in Thailand and demand spicy, you are asking to be in for a world of hurt.  Overall, I'd say this a fantastic restaurant and quite possibly the best Thai food in Denver.  If you show them that you know a little Thai, they will be even more stoked on you - so maybe lookup a few words before you go!
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,3/1/2009,160,224,4,7,10>Ed the Spacetime Guy is cool!Had our son's birthday party yesterday. My 7yo boy is on a serious astronomical kick, so a space-themed party was in order. Now the dangerous part; 15 6-8 year old kids, at the house, mostly boys. Somehow the house survived.Ed set up in the basement, and immediately had the kids attention. He spun a yarn about the solar system, and got every kid who wanted involved. He had inflatable planets, plus the sun. Each kid got to hold one as he described neat facts about the planet. Next, he conducted a little experiment where one kid held a planet, while another had a Styrofoam rocket launched. While he spun the kid, he attempt to fire at the planet...Next up were 3D photos of Mars, with 3D glasses provided. There was an experiment to create Mars soil, and a project to create a Galactic Glider. The grand finale was an air rocket launch outside.I heard from one parent today that her son pronounced the party "Awesome," and on a scale of 1-10 a 1000!Minor addition: Until their entry is updated, their website is spacetimekids.com
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,2/27/2009,283,243,7,15,13>So I'm on my way to cancel Comcast, which is a fiesta or three for me, and of course they put their payment center out in the middle of nowhere on 44th Avenue right before I-70 and the foothills. Screw convenience.No sign of wheat, anywhere. I wasn't expecting much. Not even a Seven-Eleven for Milk Duds and a Slurpee.On my way back from a successful service cancellation, I saw the red sign and I stopped. After all, it did say BOOK STOP. So I did. In the middle of the road on 44th Avenue.Cars swerved around, honking, flipping fingers - but the force field of the almighty Book Stop had mesmerized me. Plus, it was Friday. This tiny place houses over 75,000 books. I felt like a nerd in a candy store of sheer knowledge.I found my second grade favorite mystery, The Adventures of Cam Jansen, in this store. For seventy-five cents. Don't ask how or why I remember such things, but I do. Not to mention, all the newest releases including Mark Haddon's The Curious Incident Of The Dog In The Night-Time.The owners are an added deee-light. From audio CDs, to classic cassette tapes, to children's books from when you were a child, to the latest autobiography from what's-his-name-conniving-politician, this store is a must-visit for any book lover.I promise, you'll never see Borders, Tattered Cover or Barnes and Noble ever the same.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2008,2/25/2009,31,33,4,9,10>The best soup in Denver.  This is a cute little joint downtown that you have to check out for lunch.  Their soups are creative and warm you up from the inside out on a chilly day.  They have paninis, wraps, salads, and sandwiches- all which are great to decent depending on what you order.  The raspberry walnut salad is tasty.  I'm seriously addicted to the Caprese Panini, I think the girls that work there know me by order.Because their soups change daily, you can call their soup hotline: (303) 313-2171.  You can count on them having the chicken tortilla soup- which is always a dependable meal.Check this place out- there's far too few of these little joints around downtown Denver!
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,2/24/2009,120,135,5,8,8>So unbelievably sweet it's hard not to shovel it all into your mouth at once. Which wouldn't be so bad if the end result wasn't a serious brain freeze and a solid stomach ache. Don't get me wrong it's so worth it, but then you miss out on savoring each amazing bite! Being super indecisive I love that depending on which size you order, you get to mix and match several flavors... just make sure you stick with one flavor genre such as fruity or chocolaty. The kiwi, grapefruit, raspberry is my personal favorite trio!Not only is this place top quality and d-lish it also provides free wifi and cute little couches to lounge with your friends indoor and when the weather is nice, there is an outdoor patio for your enjoyment! I don't have a lot of gelato experience, but I do know what makes my tastes buds happy, and this place is it!
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,2/23/2009,133,419,7,12,10>So excited to be the first to Yelp Caveau!After driving by this about 30 times, I finally remembered to Google the name of the business and see what is up!  Caveau has been open for about one month, and they already offer up a great happy hour from 4-7 pm every day!  All glasses of wine $12 and under are just $5, and any glass of wine over $13 is half off.  There are also beer specials if you're that kind of person!The decor is nice - winey decor, along with stone and a gas fireplace -  though I wish there were more comfy booths/couches instead of so many tables.  I think the space is ideal for a lounge-type atmosphere where you can spend several hours, as opposed to sitting at a table.There was three of us tonight, and so we had 9 glasses of wine.  I can tell you that the wine list is very well-crafted!  While you might not see something that you know immediately, there are several gems on there.  My personal favorite of the evening was the Planella Spanish blend from Montsant (Mazuelo, Syrah, Garnacha, and Cabernet - stellar!).Service was very attentive and warm - Bill made many recommendations concerning the list, which was appreciated.We tried several items off of their food menu:  olive plate, bruschetta, short rib, sweet corn ravioli.  All was quite good, though nothing made me swoon.  This is a WINE bar after all, so they're forgiven for "just good" food.  Really, you just need something to nosh on while you imbibe.  ;)I will most definitely be back to work my way through their by-the-glass list.  I look forward to their wine education events that will be forthcoming!  Overall, an excellent addition to the Uptown neighborhood!
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,2/22/2009,456,160,15,11,12>So my previous review was based on the Dinner. This is for the Brunch. GO NOW! Get your Pants on, Right Now and GO! (If they are not open, get a sleeping bag and camp out till they are!! This is better than the Dead on 12 hits of acid!! This is better than winning the Lotto...OK wait, scratch that last part. If I won the lotto I would rent out a booth, and live in the restaurant (or buy the staff and make them my personal chefs, depending on which would get me more meals!!)    Seriously, though, I collect food like baseball cards. I keep memories fresh off the grill in my head for years, decades sometimes. Places like  Zuni,  or Chez Panisse in San Fransisco, The University Club, and Palace Arms here in Denver, The Sisters in Amsterdaam  just to name a few that even though the meal was over 10 years ago I can tell you in order of courses, what I ate, and exactly my impressions.  ( yet I can't remember to send off my bills or where I put my keys!?!)  Brunch is a challenge, hard to pull off with excellence, consistently.    I love a good Benedict. I have reported on this love several times. I can name the best hollandaise (The Oakland Grill (Oakland,CA) before it sold 5 years ago, The Mercury Cafe most Sundays, and The Berkshire in Stapleton are my most memorable that I didn't make myself) that I've had in 10 years. I have had it with Duck and Ostrich eggs. (good, and meh)  The Benedict here is the best I have ever had. I will need something pretty amazing to come along to surpass the hollandaise and the quality of the ham here. Most Impressive!!     I also split the roasted beet salad, and again, incredible! The dressing is quite lemony and sour, but the ample candied walnuts perfectly contrast and tame the dressing. Two extremes that together become a brilliantly paired dish. the subtle roast of the beets, and the creamy goat cheese just serve as a lining to this silver cloud of a salad.    Everything we ate and drank was incredible! The mimosas were yummy, but not like the silver tequila and sangrita that they presented to us! Had I not had to go to Enzo's in a few hours, nor my manager been right there, I might have made an afternoon of just those shots... one after another after another! That Good!!All cards down, this is by far the best brunch experience I have had in 15 years. This was better than Ellyngton's used to be before they crashed. Better than the spread at the Broadmoor because of the attention to detail, and ensuring the perfection of each interaction. The nuance of flavor and interplay between nose, taste buds, texture like the finest poetry.I can't stress enough that you should try this place every chance you get!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,2/21/2009,19,54,6,3,5>I was just at a different Colfax liquor store, and they didn't have Olympia beer.  WTF?  No 12 pack of Oly?  This made me realize that Argonaut is always trusty to have the booze that I need.  There is a lesson here, at least for me:  there are lots of liquor stores, but some will disappoint.  I don't want to be disappointed when I'm buying booze - I want what I want, and I want to go home and enjoy it.  Argonaut will always have the booze.I really liked the OLD Argonaut.  It felt dirty and old and made me feel comfortable.  The new Argonaut is a little too new now...it's too bright, too clean....too....I dunno....I still go there to buy my booze.Since I messed up and didn't go to Argonaut this afternoon right now I'm drinking a can of Bud Light, when I could've been drinking a can of Olympia.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,2/20/2009,190,159,4,10,8>Frankly, I had been unconsciously avoiding this place because of all the hype. If everyone is doing it, I'm usually not interested (mostly because I don't like standing in line). I'm also not a huge fan of sushi, anymore. After a good four years of eating sushi almost everyday, I'm was just about done. But this Friday I tried Sushi Den, anyway.Susan C and I went rather late, sometime after 10 pm. We got seated right away in the front dining room. The view is nice, although it's pretty noisy in there. We thought about moving, but it started to die down as people filtered out. The waiter was nice, attentive, and not around too much.I'm almost embarrassed to say it, but the food lived up to the hype. I cannot lie! The green mussel appetizer I had tried once elsewhere and wasn't impressed, but here.... Oh boy! That was seriously good. The miso was nice, not too salty, flavorful (I only had a sip); the clear soup was nice, too, milder than the miso.As for the sushi, I was verily impressed with what I had. The hamachi (yellowtail) they gave us was like nothing I've ever had. We got a belly cut, which is fattier and richer. I dare say that it was divine; it actually had the faintest hint of strawberries and cream. I've never had a fish taste like that before. Everything else was fairly standard, inly two notches better than most anywhere I've been. Downside: it's pricey. There's no getting around it. Then again, this is what sushi is supposed to be like, and it's not really supposed to be cheap.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2008,2/19/2009,18,164,5,9,10>Only knock I've heard about this place is "it's not good for beer". That's because it's Mondo VINO... not Mondo BEER-o. Sorry, but no animated St.Paulie Girl signs here.So, as a wine store, it's without peer. Great selection and an incredibly friendly staff (they even took time out to fire up Google Maps and give us accurate directions to a party). I liked how the wines are all organized by country, with little flags to designate them. Elegant decor, yet very accessible and welcoming. For a neighborhood that's kinda' swanky and pricey, this place seemed down-to-earth.As a bonus, they currently run FREE wine-tasting on Fridays and Saturdays between 4-7pm. Imagine that... wine-tasting at hours you can actually make. So drop in and sample a few wines before beginning your weekend nocturnal adventures.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,2/18/2009,190,292,13,8,11>OK, before we get down to the nitty gritty, I must admit to something: I prefer to call this place "Shprouts" as though I was Frau Bluecher from Young Frankenstein or Augustus Gloop from Willy Wonka. So, to honor this, if you could read the following review with a bad German accent, I'd appreciate it. Thank you.I really liked it. It seems smaller somehow - more cozy than, say, the Sunflower Market on 38th. Their deals on meat are really good, and the deals they've had on cheeses haven't been half bad, either.  You can sign up on their website to have the ads either emailed or snail mailed to you, as a tip.Their staff clearly takes a lot of pride in their brand. Please don't make the same mistake I did and assume they're in some sort of partnership with Sunflower Markets.They're not; these guys got their start in Arizona, I believe.  I made a remark at checkout and the woman at the register gave me a look like I'd requested that all my groceries get bagged in something non-recyclable. But, like the other reviewers have said, it's a very similar feel. Lots of organic food, well organized, but the store itself is actually kind of unassuming and easy to miss if you're not looking for it.If you find yourself in the area, totally check it out.  Added plus: They carry Louisburg Cider!
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,2/17/2009,136,327,1,9,8>I decided to bring my brother here for dinner on one of his visits to Denver since I'd always wanted to try this place and I was desperately trying to ween him off the Olive Garden.   He was surprised he enjoyed dinner, being a severe reverse snob.  The decor and space was warm and inviting as was the service. The fritto misto was lovely - I picked out all the veggies and scallops before my brother could devour the whole thing.  We ordered the gnocchi and lasagna.  The gnocchi was fabulous - smoky, creamy goodness.  My brother didn't quite enjoy the bechamel sauce of the lasagna but I thought it was very good.  For dessert, he ordered his standby of tiramisu which redeemed the restaurant in his eyes.   I loved everything and will definitely come back.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2009,2/16/2009,134,373,11,11,12>Dear David,I want to have a filling, unusual and delicious lunch or dinner that will cost me less than $5 and in a restaurant where I can sit down.  Any help?Love from your biggest fan,DavidDear Self,El Chalate delivers.  Papusas, platanos and juevos, yuca frita, horchatas.Being hungry and not having cash on me can sometimes make my dining at the dives I usually frequent, more difficult.  Such was the sad case recently when I was trying to get tacos on Colfax.  No cash, no tacos.  In desperation, I was returning to downtown when I remembered an awning that had intrigued me for some time.  El Chalate entered my life.If you either:  A) Speak a minimum level of poor-quality Spanish, or B) Are a patient person and not one of these "I expect everyone to speak English, even those whose Latin American restaurants I go into for lunch" people, it will make your experience better.  The ladies who run this place are perhaps the sweetest you will find anywhere. The food?  Pupusas are a simple dish.  Imagine a taco on steroids.  Fluffy corn pockets filled with cheese or pork or both.  Served with some tomato sauce (more like tomato juice) and some true Salvadoran hot sauce, and you have a Pupusa.  Two are plenty, three will help you skip the next meal of the day.  At $1.35 each, oops.  $1.35 for a hot, freshly made pupusa.  But that's not all.  You will also get a large and healthy serving of curtido.  Curtido is a salvadoran version of cole slaw.  Cabbage, oregano and jalapenos.  I have been back twice now, and each time I order the pupusas.  The rest of the salvadoran side of the menu includes some dishes that I have had before and loved, but have not found recently.  Yuca frita, platanos con juevos, etc.  Note that the menu is both Mexican and Salvodoran.  Try a cup of their horchata.  I have discovered the bottomless horchata, truly homemade, and it rocks.I plan to raise my rating to the rare five stars after I eat here a few more times and if I enjoy the other dishes as much as I do the pupusas.Great for a date, only if they are hip.  My four-year old?  Hasn't been yet, but I know he will love it.Oh yeah, they even take credit cards.Love,Myself
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,2/15/2009,60,90,7,9,9>This place makes me feel okay about spending money on stuff that people don't really need.  I didn't give myself enough time here today, but in my 15 minute visit, the previous opinion I held about Pandora Jewelry was solidified.  Pandora Jewelry is the best place for me to go when looking for a gift for either of my younger BROTHERS.  Yes, males.  Heterosexual males.  I always find random little items that they appreciate more than a lame DVD of Superbad, or some shit like that.Today I walked in, was immediately greeted by an employee, and proceded to speed shop for my brothers.  I found:1)  A 15 Point Guide to Peeing in the City- $7.00I will give this book to my younger brother who just started college and suggest he go explore his new city and see how handy this guide proves to be.2)  Travel Topics To Go-$12.00I will give these cards to my other younger brother and make him go through them with me when we travel to Mexico together in ten days, because I am one lucky bitch who likes to force awkward cross generational conversations on those my junior.  If I wanted to make things really uncomfortable, I would have bought the "dating" themed deck of cards.  See, I am mostly nice.In addition to finding gifts for my brothers, I found some earrings for my sister-in law ($21.00).  And here is a little secret about me.  I am a SUCKER for shoes and quotable magnets.  Pandora has a LOT of quotable magnets.  Today, I caved and bought one that reads, "Fame is a vapor, popularity an accident, riches take wings.  Only one thing endures and that is character." -Horace Greeley ($7.00)I am a sucker for these magnets, because I freakin' LOVE words and how sometimes they get together and are clever and thoughtful and make a permanent impression on me.  Permanent like a tattoo!  I love the personality of this store.  I need to give myself more than 15 minutes the next time I am there.  Parking is metered in front and can be hard to come by on neighboring streets, but completely worth the extra effort.  Plus, when I was leaving the store, I got to inhale the delicious aroma of goods baking at the City O City bakery next door.  Mmm.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,2/14/2009,51,113,5,6,7>okay, i totally love this place. why? the best turkey sandwich, in the history of the world. at least i think so.buttery french bread with a hint of spices, cold turkey and melted provolone. it's like eating heaven, i'd imagine.and the baklava! as crispy and baklava-y as it should ever be.i do agree though that better gyros could probably be found elsewhere. i've had anything from soggy to dry to the occasional just right, but that's why i stick with the turkey sandwich.and the people who run it are super neat and very friendly. and they have one of those terrifying statues of the fat italian looking man winking and pointing at you, so that's a plus...
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,2/13/2009,210,385,48,6,20>The Devil went down to DenverLookin' for a soul to breedHe was in a bind cuz he was way behindAnd he was looking to spread his seedHe came a cross a big blue bearStarin' into a buildingsideA big blue bear just standin' thereAnd crept up on her from behindHe said, "Bet you didn't knowBut I've got love for you so badAnd if you'll take me now I'll show you howI'm the best you've ever had.You look so good just standing thereYour rump out to the streetLet's make sweet love my turtle doveAnd rock it to the beat."The bear said, "My name's BerthaAnd it might be a sinBut I'll take you, Devil, right here right nowCuz' I'm the best there's ever been."Bertha and the Devil started gettin' down so hardAll Hell's broke loose in Denver and the Devil deals the cardsBig Bertha Bear was havin' fun but lo she did not knowShe'd soon be pregnant with the Devil's souuuuul..... ***fiddle solo***So there you have it. If the Devil impregnated the Big Blue Bear outside the Convention Center, their offspring might look something like the flame-eyed Demon Bronco at DIA. Yes, for the purposes of this review, a bear CAN give birth to a demon horse. Deal with it. Five stars for being totally absurd, ridiculous, and amusing (albeit lethal).
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,2/12/2009,34,88,4,9,10>Ok, I need to start with a disclaimer.  First, I'm not a raging BBQ addict.  I know for some people, BBQ is like religion.  I'm not even close to that hardcore.  Second (and perhaps more disturbing for some), I'm not a big meat eater.  So a slab of pork ribs is kind of a big deal for me.  That being said...Brickyard is a no-frills kind of place.  If you're looking for fine china and the romantic clink of wine glasses, you won't find it here.  Brickyard has a few tables, a big front counter with a soda fountain, and bright red walls with Sharpie-written autographs all over it.  They have a giant jug of Red Kool Aid on tap for your enjoyment too.  (I don't get the Kool Aid thing, but it seems to be a big deal to them...)We ordered a Rib Combo and a Combo platter and it was super yummy.  The BBQ sauce has a great flavor (in fact, there is one spice that was really prominent but I still can't put my finger on what it is...) and all the meats were cooked to perfection.  The big fat slice of Texas-sized toast that they served the meats with was perfect for sopping up the last morsels of sauce and the cole slaw and baked beans were very good.And even though this is a no frills counter service place, don't expect crappy service.  The guy behind the counter was super nice, and always checking to make sure we were enjoying our meals.  If I had any suggestions for this place it would be that they could actually use a TV (and I usually hate TVs in a restaurant) and a beer would have been divine.And I have I mentioned that the two of us stuffed our faces for less than $20?  Hells yeah...
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2009,2/11/2009,82,171,6,14,14>Okay, here's the deal. ONLY Kosher grocery/deli in town-ish. Of course you can get stuff at King Soopers but really, if you are pas yisroel or cholov yisroel... look no further. It is a fleishig restaurant and deli but they have a corner of milk and yogurt and cholov yisroel stuff. They get three stars for being in Denver, surviving all these years, and carrying a pretty good variety. HOWEVER, I seriously considered taking the third one away for how people I know are treated there. The owners are very mean to some people who shop there regularly. They promise fresh pastries and sometimes there are several days old. I mean, heck, if you are charging $1.50 PER DONUT! shouldn't they be baked fresh and not two days old? I am so disappointed with the way they treat customers, especially regular customers. I have begun to duck in and duck out as fast as possible and shop elsewhere for what I can get elsewhere. There is a small Kosher shop in Boulder that is seasonal, run by the Boulder Chabad. It is very small but she will take orders. And she's nice. It is so sad that Denver can't support two shops. Then maybe it wouldn't be $50 a pound for ground beef and they would have to be nice to keep your business. Being the only horse in town, they have a broad selection and the restaurant is okay. They make salads (tuna, chicken, etc) in the deli and bake. They also have a great Pesach selection. Just expect to pay a HUGE premium for getting it in Denver.Sincerely,Kosher and Disapointed in Denver
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2008,2/10/2009,27,20,6,8,7>Ma-Ma-Ma-Marco's!!!! So this review is actually a compilation of three visits. I know...that's completely against the rules...I'm going to hell. You know what?! Doesn't matter, 'cause I'm drivin' the bus!This place proves that better ingredients = better tasting food. Am I right? Damn skippy I am! Anyhow - I'm going to toot my own horn here for a moment so feel free to gag yourself. My first stop into Marco's was a soft opening that he did earlier this year. I want to say it was like May. My friend's wife owns the company that did all the design work for the restaurant...so we got a sneak peek. And yes - she and her partner did a fabulous job!!! The place is gorgeous.As a result of this special little trip we met Marco and he toured us through the kitchen, downstairs where all the ingredients are...we ate meatballs and chicken wings fresh from the oven right there in the kitchen. It was awesome. Those meatballs are freaking amazing. The chicken wings - ridiculously good too.We were able to sit outside on their patio and then we motored on over to the bar, sat at a table. It was great. We had great drinks, great pizzas and a FUN experience.Marco even told me that he brought a guy over from Italy to train his staff on the true art Neapolitan style pizza, how you work with the dough, etc. There is a little trophy on the bar that I believe won them 2nd place.I have tried all but one of their salads. The Rustica is my favorite and the Bronx pizza is my fav pie.Service has always been great. It's a casual place, but Marco likes his staff to have a good time while still maintaining professionalism - at least that was the impression I got.Marco - thanks for bringing your love of outstanding pizza to Denver! I'm so happy you're here!Oh and don't think I didn't notice that cute little Yelp! sticker in the window!! Woot! (Marco hearts Yelp!!)
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,2/8/2009,10,94,2,8,10>I think the location is the only reason this store isn't more well known, at least judging by the lack of reviews on Yelp about it. If it were on Broadway it would put some of the more overpriced but hip stores out of business. In fact, many of the items you find here you will see at Decade, but for half the price. I found a little small wooden box for $5, when I paid $9.50 for the exact same at Decade a month ago.  It is also about 5x the size, so they have much more eclectic inventory. It still has that botique feel to it, and smells heavenly. I want my house to look like this store (maybe not as cluttered), but somehow I don't think the male in my life would go for that. It's primarily focused around somewhat feminine decor, cooking accessories, and gifts. They also don't have clothes, which I consider a good thing.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2009,2/7/2009,342,357,3,12,9>"Wow, dinner was amazing!"  "Everything was so good!"  "This was such a great idea!"  "The gnocchi was awesome!"  These are a few of the comments made by my family following our Christmas Eve dinner at Carmine's.My mother-in-law, parents, brother, sister, husband and I dined here for dinner that night.  I chose this place thinking it was great for a larger group, and because my dad LOVES Italian food.  Plus, Italian is always a good choice when a vegetarian is in the mix (my sister).We were seated in a back room, that only had 2 other groups of people, so it was much quieter then the main dining room.  This made a perfect setting for the family to converse and my dad to tell stories that we have heard many times before, but somehow never get old.Onto the food: so my family is kind of known to have picky eaters.  First off, there's me...i don't do onions or seafood....ever....period.  My sister is a vegetarian, yet she dislikes so many vegetables, such as cucumbers, asparagus, red peppers, etc....and she's just weird with what she doesn't like (i.e. she was not a fan of Dazzle's mac & cheese...what?!?!?).  My mother doesn't really eat much else besides salad...and she hates garlic.  That said, we ALL were very pleased with our dinner.We started off with 2 salads: Caesar and Spinach.  The Caesar dressing was so good: tangy and delicious, and not fishy-tasting at all.  I absolutely LOVED the Spinach salad: Spinach leaf tossed with carrots, red onions, red cabbage, cucumbers, sweet grape tomatoes, roasted red peppers, gorgonzola cheese, croutons, olive oil and balsamic vinegar (minus the onions of course).  They serve garlic rolls with your meal, which my mother thought were too garlicy, of course....so, upon my father's request the waitress brought out a basket of plain rolls!  And did so with a smile!  Now that's great service.For dinner we had a dish my husband and I had the first time I came, Chicken Montana (pasta with rosemary chicken, sun dried tomatoes, and asparagus in a gorgonzola cream sauce); Gnocchi Pomodoro; and the Fontina alla Pesto (four chicken breasts topped with artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, basil pesto and fontina cheese baked in a light white wine, tomato, and basil sauce).  Everything was absolutely amazing!!  I love the Chicken Montana...the sauce is very different, with the gorgonzola....very rich, but amazing.  My sister loved the gnocchi...it's house-made into larger pieces then most places, and perfectly cooked with a delicious pomodoro sauce.  The chicken Fontina was so delicious...it might have been my favorite.  The combination of pesto, white wine and tomato was ridiculously good.  The food and wine filled us up so much, that we had to pass on dessert.  And we still had a ton of leftovers that I enjoyed a couple days later, after a girl's night out dancing at Beta.  This was the perfect place for Christmas Eve dinner with my family.  Every goal for the evening was accomplished: lots 'o wine, fantastic food, everyone pleased, and didn't break the bank.....at least I think....my father ended up paying the bill.  :)  Nonetheless, the next couple of days my family kept mentioning how amazing dinner was at Carmine's....I think all of that constitutes as a success.  Don't you agree?
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,2/6/2009,122,182,6,11,10>Dude Tortas the size of the my sole of my SHOE!It has a budget Chipotle feel to it which if you have been to allot of these dive strip mall joints like me is a huge upgrade over some of those other spots!They have placed a menu on the wall as well ALA Chipotle with both Spanish and English, the paper menus are in Spanish but the guy behind the counter can bust the funky bilingual and help you make a selection! I ordered up the Suiza which was Ham, Chicken and Mexican Cheese he asked everything on it, seriously man look at me do you need to ask! The torta was so good, not only was the previously mentioned ingredients there was also refrito frijoles, avocado, tomato, onions and a nice chipotle sauce. The thing was literally big enough for two people, I manned up and downed it by myself! In the area definitely stop and check it out, they now as well have a website that drops a little culinary science on the Torta which could help you make quicker choice once there.lastortasonline.com
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,2/5/2009,41,47,4,10,11>If you are from the East Coast you will be able to picture the scene when I say Pizza Joint. Enzo's End Pizza on Colfax is exactly that - a good ole pizza joint. The mismatched tables and chairs, the red and white table clothes, the banter between the staff, the old organ and the slender hallway that connects the place to the bar next door give you the feel of an east coast eatery. With such ambiance you hope the pizza measures up. It does. We have been going to Enzo's End on and off since we moved to Congress Park four years ago. I am a huge fan of the Spinaci pizza (white sauce, spinach, olives and cheese). This past Friday we met our friends, their two kids, her parents, brother and nephew for a Friday night pizza party. Walking in with a party of 11 didn't fluster the crew in the least. They were very accommodating, allowing us to move tables and chairs in all sorts of weird configurations, provided toys to entertain the kids and served up three large pizzas in no time. I have to admit, we have ordered pizza to go or for delivery on several occasions and it doesn't stand up to the experience of eating at the restaurant. The pizza is best when hot out of the oven. Also, be prepared to walk through to the bar next door if you like beer with your pizza. Enzo's and the PS Lounge have a wonderful marriage, the bar doesn't have a kitchen and the restaurant doesn't have a liquor license - they have a hallway that connects the two and provides the best of both worlds. If you looking for a good pie, a great atmosphere and some neighborhood charm, give Enzo's a try.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,2/4/2009,214,247,8,18,15>With service this attentive and company this good, you could eat rocks and like it. Fortunately, we did not eat rocks. We ate delicious Brazilian home cookin'! About 10 of us Yelpers gathered for another wonderful uye (unofficial Yelp event). Most of us were brand-new to the kind of food we had, though we had David and Hans to steer us right. The feijoada was delicious; I don't think anyone left a drop. The owner prepares feijoada every Saturday along with a second selection. She usually announces the other dish by email, so I plan to join the mailing list and recommend that you do too. You'll want to know after you try a meal there. Today's second option was shrimp Vatapa in a sauce that features coconut milk and coconut oil (dende oil). It looked rather like a thick curry but didn't have those spices. It was exquisite. And ah, desserts. The coconut flan was creamy, delicate, and flavorful. The mousse was light and tart-sweet with the flavor of tropical fruit. Both were delicious. As the bill was cheerfully being calculated for each of us (how many places do you know of that will do that for a group of 10 people?) we browsed the interesting selection of Brazilian goodies. Being inside this cozy little store eating great food with good friends was like a vacation. Seriously, I entirely forgot the ugly weather outside until I walked out into it. Now, that is a dining experience! The store serves full meals only on Saturday from 12 to 4, so get there and have some. Yum!
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2008,2/2/2009,164,209,14,11,12>Did you ever want to recreate that Sex & the City episode where they go to a club with beds as furniture? Head to this place. Even if you have no desire to get tucked in at the 9th Door, it's worth it to stop at for some delicious tapas.  Happy Hour is a steal, and the servers are downright genial. Yes, the fried goat cheese balls are a must (we ordered seconds), but stay away from their weird house drink that has cheap wine and fanta (sounds kitchy, tastes like death). This place is also great for people watching.  A few things went down at this place that I'm pretty sure only happen on Cinemax after 9pm.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,2/1/2009,214,316,8,12,12>I am always on the hunt for good Mexican food not the watered down gringo style that we are all used to. Needing lunch I stopped by because years ago I worked right across the street and remembered they made some pork chop tacos that really flip my light-switch! What you must know is that I am not a fan of the pork variety. I don't even care too much for bacon (I know I know). I love the sticker that says pigs are friends not food. There are exceptions to every rule though and I always excuse pork in green chili and the occasional pork chop. These pork chop tacos are worth breaking the occasional pork chop rule. They come on corn tortillas. They come with finely chopped white onions, cilantro, tomato's (which I don't eat, but looked good as far as tomato's go), and a roasted jalapeno. If you roast a jalapeno it makes every meal just a bit more special. The place is as busy as I remembered, but service is quick and the food is hot and made to order. I know I won't let so much time go by before I visit them again! Delicious.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/31/2009,29,60,9,12,11>Ay hahahahahaaaaaaaa!Isn't that how those mexican polka songs start? Some crazy laughter then the Mariachis kick in?That's kinda what El Tapatio is like...There is giggling at the weird ice cream parlor look with stained glass that bears pictures of fruit and parfaits. This is compounded by the use of said  Parfait glasses to serve large margaritas in....But then the real song kicks in when the drinks and food hit...I ordered a Cazadores Margarita that was spot on...just one got me thoroughly buzzing.Next was the food...Sizzling shrimp fajitas came to the table, each shrimp    sliced down the middle and grilled to perfection, more than enough for two people or lunch the next day.Like a Mexican Polka song, there may be laughter at the beginning of your El Tapatio experience, but the actual song is MUEY BUENO!
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,1/30/2009,33,37,2,11,10>Root Down is a welcome and refreshing change in the Denver dining scene.  Upon first impression, it was clear that this was not a typical Denver dining experience.  The entryway is a clever juxtaposition of natural elements and uniquely reused elements.  My friends and I gathered at the bar (which was made from an old bowling alley) and noted the perfect use of space where the bar integrated with the old garage/gas station.  We enjoyed a round of cocktails at the bar before sitting down at our table.We perused the wine list, which we found to be very unique and complimentary to the style of cuisine.  We selected two bottles, a white (an albarino, I believe), and a Waters red meritage (which was one of the best I've had).  There were five of us, and we're all foodies, so we were able to order many of the tapas style plates (I believe our grand total was 14 plus desserts!)As a group of avid meat-eaters, we were worried that the 'mostly vegetarian' style menu would not fully satisfy, but we were completely mistaken.  Most of the veggie dishes were the favorites of the night, and we left feeling completely satiated.Don't miss the caeser salad-- the gnocchi croutons are such a unique twist!  We also really enjoyed the goat cheese and fennel panna cotta salad, which is the perfect combination of textures and flavors, and something that you truly will not find anywhere else.  The duck was phenominal and succulent.  Only one dish was less palatable, and that was the wontons.  Everything else we ordered was a complete dream.After our HUGE meal, we decided on a few desserts and some port and limoncello to end the night.  The desserts followed suit from the rest of the menu, they were completely delish, and unique to boot.Take some extra moments to enjoy the decor, including the restroom, wallpapered with vintage cookbooks, the phonebooth, and all of the subtle details created with vintage materials.  This is a restaurant you can feel good about supporting, and you will also completely adore the cuisine.I can't wait to go back in the Spring to enjoy the wonderful cityscape view!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,1/29/2009,467,473,5,10,9>I'm surprised no-one has reviewed El Toro Bronco yet.  Our group from work enjoyed a late dinner here last night.  Honestly, it was pretty amazing!  Someone had recommended El Toro Bronco to our supervisor,  and she had a discount coupon for it, so we all got to try it.I ordered a plate with 4 soft-corn-shell chicken tacos, and it came with a quarter of a fresh-cut perfectly ripened avocado, a little bunch of cilantro, some lime slices, and a baked potato (yes, with the foil and everything.)  Others at the table ordered pretty normal Mexican-American stuff like enchiladas and combo plates with burritos and tostadas and such.  There's a lot more than that offered at this place, though.  The family at the next table was having a real fiesta!  What they ordered was the Parrilladas.  This meal that can feed up to 4 people comes in a big grill-like metal conveyance with handles and here is how it is described in the menu:"Our parrilladas are Mexican style, served with grilled onion, grilled jalapeno pepper, melted cheese, Charro beans, and baked potato. "  There is a choice of meat, which includes: "Tender grilled strips of steak with grilled chicken, al pastor, carnitas, or shrimp."  There are 4 different options and 3 different sizes.     I must tell you, the Parrilladas looked and smelled amazing.  Many of us wished we had ordered Parrilladas to share rather than the routine familiar Mexican food we were already busy eating.As for drinks, people at our table ordered a few strawberry margaritas, a vodka & tonic, and one person ordered a Mojito.  Out of all of these, the mojito looked the most refreshing--clear and sparkly with a generous garnish of mint leaves.Exciting old me...got Mr. Pibb.  I'm a social thrill, I'll tell you....Some very interesting soups are offered on the menu, all sorts of house specials, seafood cocktails, totally American food such as burgers, and salads and desserts.  A very wide-ranging menu is offered.  We were all quite satisfied with our food, and I heard many stating they would like to come back again.I know I would like to return sometime when I'm in Denver again to try the Parrilladas!
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,1/28/2009,235,588,4,9,9>I am going to name myself D Bar's biggest fan. I might not go there weekly, but when I do I leave satisfied, full, rubbing my belly and with a sugar buzz. Not only are their cookies amazing and lets not forget out the rich chocolate cake (Keegan's grandmother's recipe) with a side milk shake, but their savories are very good. I highly recommend the pizza salad sandwich, mac & cheese, the b.a.c.t. panini and ham and cheese panini. I still need to try the the monica panini. A friend ordered it and said it was really good. As for the restaurant itself, I love to colors and layout. It gets crowded fast over lunch time with the patio closed on cold days. The wait staff are all friendly and will tell you their favorites. It's not a place to go for a fast meal. Everything is made to order so a lunch for even 2 people will run over an hour. I have taken clients here for lunches and they love it.For any foodTV fan, this is a must place to go for dinner & dessert, or just dessert!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,1/27/2009,128,109,2,7,9>Was supposed to meet up with a group of friends at St Marks last night but we changed our minds and hung out at The Thin Man next door instead.This place is really cool, with it's strings of blue lights and offbeat decor.  The bartenders were really friendly and while there did not seem to be table service, I got my drinks SUPER fast when I hopped up to the bar, no standing around for ages waiting to be noticed.They have a fantastic selection of infused vodkas that I want to try but I stuck with Ace Pear cider since they have it on tap and I haven't had it in ages.There were only two drawbacks, one of their massive painted posters actually fell off of the wall onto another patron and no one offered to help her, but she didn't seem too upset, so no stars off for that.  The music volume was up a bit high making it tough to have conversations, but again, I was there with a large group.  Had it just been me and one or two friends, conversation would have been zero problem at all.The only reason there is a star off at all, really was for parking.  At 6 PM on a Wednesday I ended up having to park a block and a half away and trying to cross 17th on foot which was pretty perilous. I would advise trying to find a spot that doesn't require the dash across 17th!I will be back for sure.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,1/26/2009,23,51,5,10,14>I have a little bit of a problem: I'm a bibliophile. This ailment, one might say, leads me to spend obsessive amounts of time in bookstores, particularly those of the eclectic, used persuasion, and drop my hard earned dollars on things, I technically don't really need. I am always on the lookout for another place I can feed my addiction, and when I find one, I am drawn in like a moth to a flame. I stumbled upon Kilgore's while walking down 13th ave., and my heart started to palpitate with delight. Although small, this shop has one of these best selections of used books I have ever seen. After commenting on this very thing to the store's employee, he informed me that they really try to keep out the crap. Well, I'm glad someone does, because that means I have a book-induced orgasm when I browse the shelves. I find it necessary to restrain myself so I don't go overboard, because believe me, it's easy to do. I imagine heaven to be a little bit like Kilgore's. They make sure there is quality selection, and the prices are completely reasonable. If I could, I would move in.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/24/2009,42,157,4,11,10>This is a fantastic and flexible alternative to a CSA. Every week we get a box of organic fruits and veggies delivered right to our door. Only want fruits? Or only veggies? No problem, you can do that. A lot of the produce is locally grown, but they also work with farms in California and Mexico so that we have the option of getting lemons, mangoes, and avocados in our boxes. But everything is organic and so far everything has been in great shape. If anything, they might just need to ripen up a bit. (But better than getting overripe fruit which is what I thought might happen when I signed up. Nope!)What really puts this service over the top is the flexibility that you have. There are no contracts, so you can sign up and then end your service at any time. Going out of town? Just enter the dates online and you won't get a box that week. Every week you'll get advance notice of what is going to be showing up on your doorstep, and then you have a few days to review and make substitutions, if necessary (3 per order). Hate beets? Let them know and you'll never get them. Love and adore parsley? Let them know and it'll be in your box whenever available. How cool is that?
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2008,1/23/2009,18,20,4,22,7>I took the $30 "Learn to Meditate" class, which was on a Saturday from 9am until 1pm. From 9 to 9:30 they offer coffee, tea, hot chocolate, baked goods and fruit. I suppose it is a social time, though I could have done without it, or at least a shorter period of time.Class started with some Buddhist prayers at 9:30. I came into this experience with not much knowledge or experience with meditation or Buddhism, so the prayers sort of startled me, as it felt very church-y to me, and it wasn't what I was looking for. But in hindsight it made perfect sense since first and foremost they *are* a Buddhist Center. When the prayers were over the teacher did apologize if they scared any of us off, but that is just how they start everything there. Fair enough! By the end of the class I felt more comfortable with them.She gave us an intro to what meditation is, what it isn't, and how a person (and the world) can benefit. She then took us through our first guided meditation where you basically relax your body and then concentrate on your breathing, and try to pull yourself back in every time random thoughts distract you. I was pretty good at this at first, but the class that day was packed; at least 40 people sitting on chairs in a medium sized (and very HOT) room. So first there was some coughing, then someones mobile phone vibrated (really??) and more coughing and lots of tummy rumbling. I got severely distracted and a little frustrated. I was also very uncomfortable - they use metal folding chairs, and only a few of them had padded seats. I think they should really invest in more comfortable chairs for the meditation room, or maybe use all pillows and have a few chairs on standby for people who prefer or need them.There was another 30 minute snack and social break - again far too long in my opinion. I just stood or sat there feeling very awkward. Finally the second half of the class started. This time the room was a bit cooler, thank goodness. Though I was dreading returning to my uncomfortable chair.More prayers, and then she did some more general teaching and then our second guided meditation - this time on a thought of love. Again, I wasn't very successful with all the distractions of my classmates. But it was relaxing, and I think I know enough now to continue to work on this at home.Was it worth it? Definitely. $30 is a great price for a half day class. Will I go back? I probably will try one of the free daily meditations at noon since they are also guided, and then I will see how I feel.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,1/22/2009,290,399,4,10,14>Meatballs w/ Bing Cherries & Sour Cream, Alaskan Smoked White & Sockeye Salmon w/ Capers, Brie Stuffed Dates...just a few of the tasty mini-dishes I had this weekend at Tastes. Not only was all the food awesome, the service was fantastic as well. They clearly all work nicely as a team and just kind of let you order as you go. Keeping different plates of yummy goodness in front of you and your drinks full. We were there quite a long time and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. There is also a lovely selection of desserts, crepes, and paninis. How have you Yelpers not been to this location yet?! It's quaint and comfy and we love it.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2009,1/21/2009,237,363,6,9,8>It's nine oclock on a Saturday / The regular crowd shuffles in / There's an old man sitting next to me / Makin' love to his tonic and gin ... If you don't end up singing this song while you are there, you will be thinking about it at some point as it eerily describes the well loved bar. Great for groups and especially birthday celebrations as the birthday boy or girl drinks for free!Keep it simple. Don't order foofy drinks with fancy names, it's not that kind of bar. The food isn't bad, but mostly there to keep you drinking. Do try the fried zucchini though, it's easily the best I've ever had - cut the long way, fried ever so lovingly and served with ranch. If you've ever read any Bukowski and wanted a drink after, I think you'd like Charlie Brown's.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,1/20/2009,10,24,5,8,9>The Old Man ... were do I start? The BBQ here is incredible - especially if you hit The Old Man on the days they are smoking the wings.... oh spicy chipolte BBQ sauce on my face!! It has become an affliction that lives on with me day in and day out... Additionally, there are many, many more items on the menu worh checking out.  The Rib Tips are another item that will keep you occuppied and satisfied through your trip to old man land.. The hot links, smash burger, home made potato chips, fried ocra, baked beans (best ever), and spicy slaw are just samplins of the deliciousness on their menu.  Now for the other big bonus, for people like me that enjoy a beer or eight - they have EVERY old school canned beer that you could think of along with coozies to keep your suds in check while watching one of their many flat screen TV's  - if you are not watching the games, you can head over to their wicked juke box and battle the bartenders for the best song - but be careful there is one bartender that has a penchant for Brittney.. On top of all this the staff is very friendly, however, one disclaimer - do not expect table side service at your beckon call - this is a bar, that serves BBQ - you order the food at the window next to the bar, grab a beer, sit down, they cook, they call your name, you get up and grab your food.  Just fair warning :)  P.s. if you remember the former 2 establishments (Roosters, Yogi's) this place will blow your mind.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,1/17/2009,7,21,4,5,4>Come for the burgers, return again and again for the onion rings.I can't tell you about anything else on the menu because, once I had a burger and rings, that's all it took for me to make this a greasy staple of my Denver diet.It's also a great place to eat while something like the NFL playoffs, college football or the NCAA tournament is taking place. Lots of TVs and the right atmosphere for it.This place is a hole in the wall. And I love it.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,1/16/2009,2899,601,5,11,13>Mmmm mmmmm goood. I'd been wanting to try Osteria Marco since the yelp pizza tour overate a few weekends ago and missed this last stop. I'm so glad Miz Tiffany C and I went yesterday. We sat outside since it was a beautiful almost-fall afternoon (and of course it was within eyeball distance of the mobile pie-mobile The Pie Hole). We tried the caprese, which was delicious, and house cured bresaola with figs, gorgonzola, and saba - if I remember right, this is the juice that is used to make balsamic vinegar. Whatever it was, it was tasty and Tiffany was nice enough to let me have the last bite. We shared a meat and cheese dish ($19, not on the menu but they will make it if you ask) - a sampling of cured meats, ricotta, gorgonzola, and one other mild cheese plus a grape compote and some spicy crackers (a bit spicy for me, but interesting.) Then we finished up with crunchy bruschetta with mushrooms and goat cheese. I'd like to come back and try dinner downstairs in the sexy dining room. Next time!
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,1/15/2009,114,246,1,11,10>Rioja, Rioja, why have I not heard of you before Yelp?  A friend of ours was visiting from Chicago, and she asked for a cute and fun place to have dinner at in Denver.  So, wanting to impress our friend from the big city, we Yelped and found all of these great reviews for Rioja.  We are so glad we went.First of all, the restaurant itself is warm and welcoming.  The exposed brick on the walls gives the room a classic feel while remaining elegantly subdued.  Our waiter supplied attentive service, while not being pushy or rushing us through the ordering or the eating.  My water glass was kept full all night, which I appreciate because I tend to drink a lot of water, especially when I'm eating.  The wine list was outstanding, and the fresh bread (and those salty, savory biscuits or whatever they were) was always showing up right when I needed it.  The food was excellent as well.  The 4 of us shared the artisan blue cheese flight and the candied lemon gnocchi as appetizers.    Both were great, but I hold a special place in my heart for the gnocchi.  It was sweet, tart, buttery, and pefectly spiced to enhance all of those tastes.  For dinner, I had the scallops.  The plate was a little too....busy I guess is the right word.  But the scallops were cooked perfectly, and the risotto cakes and green curry sauce perfectly complemented the flavor of the scallops.  My wife had the prosciutto stuffed quail, and while it was probably a little underdone for her tastes, she still enjoyed the combination of quail and salty prosciutto.  To me, the best part of this meal was that we were not rushed at all and were able to catch up with our friends who we had not seen in a long time, all the while enjoying well designed, flavorful food in a warm, inviting room.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,1/14/2009,79,79,1,8,15>I stepped into Beatrice and Woodsley and fell in love instantly. Their design concept is truly a feast for you eyes. I love the idea of blending a love story of a french woman and lumber jackman into a theme for a resturaunt and they executed that theme perfectly. I often judge resturaunts by their bathrooms and have never seen a cooler sink concept in my life..its worth while just to see that alone. My roomie and I enjoyed the escargo, crab beinets and the short rib special all were fantastic and great portions for spliting in two. For a cocktail you must try the jewel something martini its stellar. Our waiter was calming and very attentive. Overall theres nothing I didnt like about this resturaunt. Its like nothing else in denver, its pure perfection.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/10/2009,72,78,8,5,5>I thought I should write a review after playing beach volleyball last night while the temperature outside was 2 degrees. How cool is that? (get it? ouch.)There is a giant warehouse in Bloomfield with 7 regulation sand volleyball courts (not to mention a full bar). We're wrapping up our season (check out the website for details) next week and plan on starting another. It's such a great thing to do on a weekday evening. There are different levels of competition- the highest includes some professional AVP players- but there is something for everyone. There are "open" nights late Thursday (after 10pm) and all afternoon and evening on Fridays (3pm-1am) if you want to go check it out. I highly recommend it! (you also feel a lot better about yourself the next morning as opposed to waking up after eating 25 buffalo wings and smoking two of your brothers Parliament Lights after downing a pitcher and a half of Coors Banquet. I'm just saying.)
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2008,1/9/2009,82,178,,13,7>Well, this is as good as it gets in CO, I believe.  I've dim sum'ed for almost 20 years including NYC, Chicago, Philly, Hong Kong. I discovered on Yelp & headed there twice so far. I think it's the smallest room of the Denver dim sum spots, but apparently the word's been getting out for a few years now, and I didn't know. Biggest variety and most everything fresher, hotter and generally all-around tastier than the other places! Other places may have decent shui mai or ha gow or dan tat or do hua or chicken feet or whatever, but SUPER STAR ASIAN's always seem to be FRESHER+HOTTER straight from the kitchen AND they taste good. I plan to head there at LEAST once a month as long as they keep da good stuff coming! Hey they aren't even as rude as some of the other places ;)CHOWED DOWN with friends today on about 15+ items, including Xiao Long Bao (not amazing, but lucky to even find an semi-authentic example in CO) and another dish made to order from the kitchen (fried dough stick wrapped in rice crepe); dan tat (egg custard pastry) was also hot&fresh out of the kitchen and the custard part was sooo smooth and soft and not congealed yet!Advice is go when it's crowded (there WILL be a wait), and payoff will be fresh&hot dim sum!
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2008,1/8/2009,238,144,23,8,10>I grew up in a cornfield. You're asking what this has to do with a review of a Chinese restaurant in Denver? Friggin Everything. Read on... Since growing up in a rather culinarily limited environment (Mom, really, no offense, I LOVE tuna casserole. Honest.) I have tried to branch out, and dim sum was one thing a friend of mine introduced to me. At first, dim sum wasn't for me, as I never really felt very good after eating it, didn't enjoy the taste, etc. Star Kitchen changed that. Now, I didn't love every dish they brought, but that's to be expected. There were several I really enjoyed. I have no idea what they are called, so I will learn to speak Chinese, and then go back next week and try again, just to give you an update. Seriously, the food quality is outstanding here, and I've had dinner here a few times, too. My favorite dish is the Fillet Mignon bite thingies (not sure the name, they had a picture on the wall. I pointed. They smiled, and magically it appeared.) The service here is not lacking in any way, I don't remember EVER waiting for any out of the ordinary time for anything, the place is clean, and the staff is very nice and helpful. Don't tell my mom, but I gave the tuna to the dog, and am headed back to Star Kitchen now.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,1/6/2009,1,12,10,10,14>What is there to say? A wonderful, unique store, with a great selection of alternative clothing, jewelry, shoes/boots, hats, leather, corsets, lingerie and random bits and pieces of really kickass gear. Personally though, I don't shop at Rave's just for the good selection, great prices and awesome sales, I shop there, because of the staff and the atmosphere. How often do I walk into any other store, (6"6, dressed in black and littered with piercings) and get harassed by sales staff? Either because A. I'm obviously a freak who plans to steal their merchandise or devour their immortal souls. Or B. I'm not young/trendy/pretty enough to be shopping at said store. I'll tell you how much, every fucking day. I walk into Rave's and I'm greeted by good music and a fun, friendly staff, who, if they're following me around, are doing so because they genuinely want to help, not because they don't trust me! The fact of the matter is, whether their prices were higher or not, I'd still be shopping there, because I know that I'll not only find what I want, but I'll also leave with a sense of personal satisfaction, because I had several good conversations with several good people.Oh and if you have the fortune of meeting Rave herself, feel free to talk up a storm and if you mention her Harley, expect some great stories! But if you have an attitude, expect it back, ten times over, with a steel toed boot up your ass! Raven and her staff are as real as people get, smart, sassy, helpful, experienced and genuine. I love you guys!(P.S. Thanks for the de-furring Rave, black stretch twill and dogs don't mix.)
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2008,1/5/2009,334,48,8,8,10>Can't hate on Sputnik.  Like my grandpa always used to say, "Mess with the hipsters, get the girl pants."Remember, when it first opened, it was an extension of the newly fledgling Hi-Dive, offering food and a place to chill.  Would you rather have Quixote's back there?Food is better than decent.  I like the sweet potato fries, and I appreciate the different sauce choices (ghetto Vesta anyone?).  The Vietnamese sandwich is also quite tasty.I have no need to be part of "the scene" anymore, so most of the time, when I hit up Sputnik, it's for a quick bite before seeing a band next door, or at the 3 Kings, and it's not crowded, nor bumping.......just like me.  Take that as you will.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,1/4/2009,81,318,4,10,7>I've been dying to try Fruition for over a year now, but we're last minute people, which doesn't jive well with the very popular Fruition. As per usual, we start thinking where to go 6pm on a Saturday, and Fruition is always booked. Well, we kind of, sort of, lucked out last evening, with a 9:15pm cancelation--thankfully we were able to hit a cocktail party pre dinner, so we weren't chewing an artery open. Fruition can easily be 5 star, and I see why it's so popular. I would like to try it once more before I give top kudos, as there are a few items of contention. First, the highlights.....Fruition wasn't ready for us, so we sat outside on a very comfy bench,...and surprise -- a glass of rose champagne appeared like manna from heaven. Now how did that nice gentleman know I have a soft spot for the bubbly?? About 15 minutes later we were seated mid restaurant. Cramped, for sure, but not so much that it bothered us. Bread and a salty, herb butter was placed on our table as our drink order was taken. I loved that when I asked for a sip of a Cab, our server brought 2 different varieties to try....Good Job. I loved the Cab I ended up with, and thought it was a healthy pour. Now onto the food. We started with a salad to share, followed by entrees of seared scallops for the BF, duck breast for me. The salad was SALTY. After having the overly sea salted butter, the salad was too heavy on that rock salt texture and taste, and it carried over to the main meal-- The BF noted it as well, so it wasn't just me. It didn't ruin the main, but it certainly brings home the addage...too much of a good thing The main entrees were perfectly cooked, and again, it may have been seasoned perfectly, however our salt burned tongues couldn't distinguish were the salt came from at that point. The only other demerit, if you will, comes from the portion size--a contradiction, for me -- usually I will say I would rather 4 oz of perfect vs 8 oz of mediocre, however, they could have been just a bit more generous, as I hesitate to say there was 4 oz on the plate. I hate eating the carb filler, but I had to here. If they give an option to "Super-Size" the protein, for an up-charge, I think I could get the BF to return...he loved almost everything about the restaurant, and did say it was worthy of a return visit--see good hospitality goes along way...
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2008,1/3/2009,260,513,6,12,11>This new Yak and Yeti has opened in The Cheshire Cat brewpub. Y&Y has combined Indian cooking with the brewpub experience making it a lot like the brewpubs of London that is, quaint houses which serve a mean curry and a good handcrafted beer. I had the lunch buffet yesterday ($9.50) with a friend and we were thrilled by the offerings; favorites were a sweet potato masala, a coconut soup, roasted okra, and korma. The flavors were impeccably fresh;  you could actually see small bits of the spices. I went with the vegetarian selections and was blown away. I actually told Mrs. Bhattari (owner's wife) that their recipes were as good as the ones I had while in India. Another plus is that Naan is brought to the table hot and fresh instead of having to be fished out of a buffet dry and cold. Even though it was close to 2:00 in the afternoon and the buffet closed at 3:00, the Bhattari's made sure all dishes were plentiful for their guests. This is a little bit pricier than most Indian buffets in town but in my opinion worth the extra money. Did I mention that roasted okra!!!!The handcrafted beers will be ready soon and in the mean time you can order Indian beers or Lassis (like smoothies and a favorite drink of India). They served them all except Bang lassi but I think that is illegal in the States (rats). I want to go back when the newness wears off and the beers are ready to give Yak and Yeti that extra star. I really believe this will end up being a 5 star Indian restaurant in Denver because of the menu, building, and handcrafted beers. And the name....how fun to say after a few beers. You can almost sing it, Yak and Yeti....Yak and Yeti...lalalalala.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,1/2/2009,22,74,3,4,4>Lucile's is such a cute spot!  We waited outside by the firepit for about 15 minutes before being seated.  (We beat the crowd too--seems like before 10AM is the primo time to get there b/c it got really packed.)The inside of the restaurant was very nicely decorated - a country kitchen feel with some blues playing softly in the background.  For napkins they used old, worn fabrics, which I thought was kind of cute- in an old grandma kind of way. Our server was great-very personable and friendly.  We started with the beignets - which are Huge by the way!  They were pretty good but didn't melt in your mouth.  I definitely had to dust myself off b/c I got powdered sugar everywhere. I opted for a simple boring breakfast - scrambled eggs & potatoes.  Eggs were boring (not seasoned) but the ketchup I used with the potatoes was outstanding.  It's handmade Lucile's ketchup and had a lot of cumin in it which gave my potatoes some Shazaam!My hubbie had the creole breakfast - eggs, beans and such and he really enjoyed it. Definitely will go back but will have to make sure it's before 10AM unless I want to wait awhile.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2008,1/1/2009,101,138,6,11,10>My wife (Lacey M.) sent me a message on Wednesday...  There was a little Italian place near our house that received good Yelp! reviews that we had to try soon.Well, I ended up not having to work, so off we went.  Located in a Safeway strip mall, Cafe Jordano is very unassuming.  Since Lacey and I have become avid fans of Yelp! we sit there and write our reviews in our head while we wait.  Occasionally asking, "How many stars, so far?"Cafe Jordano started off poorly in my eyes.  A gossipy inattentive hostess (I think she's the boss) and the food runners were actually running.  Hectic, hurried and more concerned with not running into chairs than delivering the food with a touch of patience and grace.  Given, we were waiting at what is probably the height of their business.  (Here's a hint, if you were open a little more than 4 hours you might not need to run as much)The place is cute, for a strip mall Italian place.  The colors are nice and the photos on the wall are well done.  Some care was given to appearance.We were then seated at the end of a 6 top, where two other people were finishing up on the other end.  Not ideal seating.  Plus the table only had one set of everything and no wine menu.  We had to continually interrupt the other people to ask for things like pepper or red pepper flakes.  Annoying.  To both us and them.The water glasses are beat up plastic mugs, the napkins are paper and the seats aren't the most comfortable.  So far this place has disappointed me from top to bottom, and then the food came out.Before the meal came out they give you choice of soup or salad.  Lacey got the cream of spinach soup which sounded a little strange to me, but was great.  I got a salad with (read, doused) Italian dressing.  The dressing wasn't bad, and next time I know to ask for it on the side.I got the special, Lobster Ravioli with grilled shrimp in a cream sauce with asparagus.  It was effin incredible.  Their cream sauce is amazing.  I'm certain I took 3 years off of my life by eating it, but it was worth every second. The garlic bread is complimentary.  We ended the night with one of my favorite desserts, Tiramisu.  It's light and good and obviously home made.  A great portion for $5.If it were simply the food, this place would be 5 stars - no question.  If you follow the advice of other Yelpers and arrive close to when they open or close, you can likely avoid most of the things I felt were negative about Cafe Jordano.  The food is incredible and a serious value.  $11.50 for most of their top dishes and that includes soup or salad and garlic bread.  Hard to argue with that.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,12/31/2008,69,28,2,7,8>I picked Babooshka on a whim a few months ago when I was really hurting for a new style. Though I loved the fun, colorful sign and the great location near some of my favorite Colfax haunts, I went in for my appointment with the cautious suspicion of a girl who has had too many weird-looking, expensive haircuts from bitchy stylists in snobby salons.The second I opened the door, two hyper chihuahuas declared me as their new best friend, and several brightly smiling women welcomed me in a totally non-fake way. I was already sold, but after the lovely Rachel, an Aveda master stylist recently transplanted to Denver from Milwaukee, styled my hair, I knew I had finally found my perfect salon!I just returned for my second cut with Rachel and she made my hair look great in just under 30 minutes. Usually I  go home and wash out the styling goop and desperately try to re-style my cuts into something I can manage. Rachel's cuts are so cute that I have to rush home to take digital pictures of the exact way she styled my hair in the hopes that I can re-create it as well.Babooshka is affordable, as well, with your first cut at $35 and $40 thereafter. Totally worth it for a style that you don't have to constantly fuss with and update every two weeks. Rachel promised me that my cut would grow out and still look stylish after six weeks, and she was right!  I really didn't even need to go back for another couple of weeks, but I wanted a fresh cut for a new job.Hurray for Babooshka!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,12/30/2008,136,102,10,11,10>Ever since I read an enlightening article in the Daily Camera about aptronyms (professionals with a name that is coincidental with their occupation), I've been puzzled by the prospect of Thunderbird Burgers.Check it out here - dailycamera.com/news/200You see, one of the business partners in the Thunderbird Colorado endeavor is named Brett Berger.  As the article discusses, psychologists are studying whether people like Brett are subconsciously guided into their profession of excellence by their appropriate names - other examples include Usain Bolt, William Wordsworth, etc..Does Brett Berger make awesome burgers because of his name?  Late last Saturday night I decided to conduct my own research.  I found that yes, Thunderbird Burgers (and chicken sandwiches) are incredible.  Moreover, Brett Berger and his partners' aptronymical burger prowess was evident in the rest of the restaurant as well.  There was beer, live music, friendly staff, and an inviting atmosphere.All my data points to one conclusion, Thunderbird Burgers are amazing.  However, we will need more data to link the name and the burgers, and work towards proving the Theory of Aptronymology. Please replicate my experiment by testing the burgers yourself.  Publish your findings and contribute to the scientific wealth of burger knowledge.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,12/29/2008,52,137,5,11,11>Mexitalican: This is what we call most of the restaurants in the Sunnyside/Highlands neighborhoods. Why? If you live in these neighborhoods, chances are the closest restaurants to you are either Mexican, Italian or American (or some obscene combination of the three). Not that this is a bad thing, but sometimes we yearn for something else, something more...global. That's why when we got a flyer on our door for a new Cuban place, we were pretty excited. Yay! Something not Mexitalican! Stopped by for breakfast and got the Cafe Con Leche. Sweet, rich and completely yum. We pulled out a newspaper and sat next to the window. I love mellow places like this. On the breakfast front, the egg, ham & cheese sandwich sounds good, but at $5.50 this seems steep when you can walk to Santiagos down the street and get a great breakfast burrito for $2 (granted, this is a Denver bargain that is difficult to compete with). A few small pastry selections would go a long way with that tasty coffee.We tried the Cuban Mix and Aye Conyo sandwiches on a separate trip. The Aye Conyo was excellent but the Cuban Mix needed a little boost. I'll ask for a few spicy peppers on top next time. Very good sandwiches for the money. We haven't tried the flan, but that is on our next 'to try' list.Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood. Check it out and help get a worthy local business off the ground. Just a note: This place is hard to see from the road. Just look for the metal railing on the N side of 38th between Bryant & Clay. It is in the little strip mall. Also, they close at 6 - get here early if you want dinner.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,12/28/2008,97,90,4,7,11>I LOVE THESE GUYS!About six months ago I made a career change for the better and moved to a new company operating in the DTC.  My old office is only about two minutes away, but the one thing I missed, craved, longed for was the breakfast burritos from Monkey Business.After making comments around my new office that breakfast burritos would be great and did anyone know of a restaurant who delivered them we all came up dry.  A most recent Yelp thread on breakfast burritos also got me thinking that I've got to find someone who was capable and good.So I called on a friend who still works in my old office and asked of the Monkey Business folks still made the bi-weekly visits to their hole.  YES!!!!I gave Jerry at Monkey business a ring on Tuesday and told him of my overwhelming tummy desire for his morning goodness and would he please consider stopping by my office.  YES AGAIN!!!!!Here we are...Thursday.  Like a cosmic spectacle with lights and smoke, Jerry and his much beloved burritos were in my office!  (More like Jerry walking in and asking for me and my phone rang.)  Knowing how awesome these morning yummies are I bought one for everyone in my office and was immediately the, "KING OF BREAKFAST"...for this morning.All of his options were available at $3.50 each including:The Papa:  Bacon, chorizo, egg, potato, mild green chili, jalapeno and cheeseThe Mama: Bacon, chorizo, egg, potato, mild green chili and cheeseThe Baby:  A meatless version of the MamaThe Carnivore:  Ground beef, green chili, cheese, and light jalapenoThe Chunky Monkey:  Pork, potato, green chili and cheeseThe Monkey B&B:  Ground beef, mashed pinto beans, light jalapeno, seasoning and cheeseThe Vegi Monkey:  Homemade, mashed pinto beans, light jalapeno, seasoning and cheesePlus ask for a "Monkey's Dozen" card.  When you buy 12 burritos your 13th is free!Trust me...if you work in the DTC and don't have Monkey business stopping by at a minimum of twice per week you're missing out.  Give Jerry a call and let him know that you'd love for him or one of his drivers to stop by.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2008,12/27/2008,197,231,9,9,7>Going to the P.S. Lounge is like bathing in nostalgia...  The jukebox is filled with wonderful tunes from a simpler time, the ladies get flowers and everyone gets a complimentary shot, the bar is cash only, the top of the walls are lined with the coolest vintage football helmets you could imagine, and pictures on the wall evoke thoughts of the Rat Pack and John Wayne.  My grandfather would have frequented this place in his prime had he lived in Denver, that's for sure.Add the fact that you can order Enzo's End pizza from next door and eat it in your comfortable booth while Elvis looks down on you and you've got a magical evening that doubles as one of my favorite dates with Tiffany.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,12/26/2008,713,203,9,19,17>Have you ever been to a place so perfect you wish you could just move right in?  I have.  Everything is right with the world at Duo!The decor is so simple, stylish, clean, classic, chic, warm, cozy, fresh, innovative, and welcoming.The food is beautiful, delicious, simple, aromatic, eclectic, satisfies the picky needs of this vegan, satisfies the desires of my 'traditional' breakfast loving man, clean, and fresh.The coffee is the best in town, so chic (in it's cute little French press,) yummy with raw sugar lumps and real cream to add, smells like heaven in a cup.The staff is comely, friendly, warm, wholesome, cool, neatly dressed, and caring.The restaurant is my new "go-to" place for spoiling myself and impressing my friends and family.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/24/2008,397,602,4,13,8>I came back and celebrated a friend's birthday here for a couple drinks and some food.  They have a kickin happy hour that extends well into the night. I am pretty sure it is like that M-F, so this is a great place to grab a cheap good brew.I ordered food this time around.  They had a $4 on burgers so I chose that and split sweet potato fries with a friend. I'll always order sweet potato fries whenever I see them, because I really haven't found too many places in Denver that offer them. They were delicious and they were served with a side of raspberry habenero dipping sauce. It was like dipping the fries in liquid candy!!  If you're in the area, this is a great place to check out.  You would think it's divey from the outside, but in fact it is very nicely decorated and dimly lit on the inside.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/23/2008,25,66,5,8,10>This park is, to use an overused 80s adjective, rad.  A park of this magnitude in a great part of the city is a testament to the outdoor focus of this state and the willingness of the city to give skateboarders a place to ride and enjoy themselves.  The various areas of the park lend themselves to beginners, intermediate and expert skaters.  The only complaint I have is that the surface is a bit slick.  Best to have park specific wheels for better grip as you ride.  It is fun to powerslide all over the place but when you do backside 180s that are more like backside 130s like me you tend to slip a more than you might on a more rough sidewalk finish type surface.  I am not as graceful as I used to be and this park shows me time and time again.If you want to skate when no one else is around and won't make fun of you, go early...  also, if you are taking your kids to watch, let them do that but don't let them hang out in the bowls where speedy expert skaters are dropping in at all times.  It's not their responsibility to babysit your kiddo.  If you're a parent who likes that their kid is interested in this sport, do them a favor, pad them up appropriately, take them there early and maybe even find a willing skater to show your kid the ropes or take them to the park with their friends.  Skating is a solo endeavor but to learn you need people to show you how.  It's more fun that way...
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,12/22/2008,212,366,4,6,6>Wow, I can't believe I'm the first to review this place, it has been in Denver for 28 years ;)  This toy store rocks, my daughter has a blast every time we go here, it is two levels of fun, that can take awhile to explore if you are with your kid. The top floor has stuffed animals, cheap sticky gooey plastic stuff from China, stickers, and other things. Once you go down the stairs, you have loads of imported dolls from France, China, etc. & their houses. Legos and all the other versions, i.e. Duplo, musical toys, educational toys, cars, trucks, planes, building, and construction toys, and wooden trains. There is also dress up & pretend stuff, kids furniture, science kits, games, puzzles, and arts & crafts. After all that, it was nappy time for the both of us ;)
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,12/20/2008,79,146,3,16,15>I was wedding gown shopping online and found THE dress.  Really, I knew it was THE dress.  I checked out the designer's website and  I clicked on the tab labelled "shops".  Out of luck.  Not one store in all of Colorado happened to sell this particular designer.  Now, I'm never a girl to give up that easily.  I mean this is THE dress for my special day.  I'm sure not letting it slip away without some effort.  So, I contacted the designer.  They said, "No problem.  Just find a bridal shop that is willing to work with us both on getting a sample there.  We do t his all the time."  Yeah, so there are several not so friendly bridal shops in the area that either were not willing to work with me or wanted me to do all the work.  And then there was Anna Be.I called.  Anna answered.  "No problem.  I'll call you right back." and she DID!!  I mean within 1 hour of my call and I was giving her my credit card number to pay for the sample to be shipped to them (which they gave me credit for when I signed on the order).  Less than an hour!!  Then 10 days later I was wearing the dress of my wedding dreams.  O.K. so it was just the sample, but oh, this is the dress.A glass of champagne, several veils (of which they have a great selection),  photos and 1 1/2 hours later I was giving them my deposit and the dress is ordered.   This place is a no brainer.  Go there and they will help you. They do help you.  Super helpful!  The staff are nice, down to earth, relaxed and very professional.  I would even go so far as to say they like their jobs! And to be honest I did look at other gowns just for fun.  They have some amazing gowns and they are not at all the classic strapless A line (although they have those too if that suits your fancy).  They are priced from really affordable on up.If you are in the market for a wedding dress this is your one stop shop.  Go!  Go now!
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2008,12/19/2008,95,164,1,11,11>I have stopped in to grab a coffee before and it was good.  But I really took notice today when I saw a banner reading "Soup and Salad".  Soup and Salad is my middle name.  And from past experiences I knew that they usually have a limited selection and what they do have is well thought out and superb.I was not let down.  I actually ordered extra to take home for later.I ordered the Spinach and Mixed greens salad with cranberries, candied walnuts, parmesan curls and HOMEMADE HONEY MUSTARD DRESSING!!    I also had a bowl of their Tomato Soup.The salad was fresh, crips and had just enough of the toppings.  The candied walnuts were crunchy, flavorful and not way too sweet like you sometimes encounter.  The dressing had a good balance of sweet and tangy.  I was worried at first because I usually order vinaigrettes because sometimes honey mustard is too dijon tasting or it is like candy.  I ordered extra dressing for the salad and they even told me the ingredients.  Now, the soup.The soup was creamy and clearly made from fresh tomatoes and nothing else.  It was bursting with smoky tomatoes and some sort of spice I couldn't identify, my guess was paprika.  I poked my head into the kitchen and the ladies were so nice and they told me they use a hint of allspice.  I would have never guessed in 1000 years.  Let's just say it was euphoric.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,12/18/2008,120,135,4,10,11>5$ bottomless mimosas and 6$ bottomless bloody marys. Do I even need to say anything else???Ok I do... This place is great! They have a cute little patio and really nice simple inside decor. I didn't know what I wanted to order (other than a bloody mary) so I asked the server what was good. She advised me to order the blueberry pancakes. I'm not a huge fan of pancakes, but I've learned to trust the server especially when they don't suggest the most expensive thing on the menu. I was amazed by how tasty they were! It wasn't the best food in the world, but it was pretty darn good!This place is perfect for breakfast or as a cure for your Sunday hangover!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,12/16/2008,114,168,5,12,9>I stepped through the front door, wearing jeans that are so big I don't unbutton them to remove them, a baggy gray long sleeve t-shirt that hung out below my dog hair covered jacket, and was greeted warmly and offered coco, cider, tea or coffee.  I've done my share of top end shopping dressed like a bum, and this by far was the best customer service I've gotten dressed so.  I don't do this intentionally mind you, I just find myself dressed pretty shoddy fairly often!  At any rate, I looked around for a bit and found a cute holiday party dress.  The sales person saw my selection, and brought me another of similar but different style in the same price range as well.   She was very helpful with suggestions of shoe color, necklace, etc.  I bought a bracelet/arm band thingy, and a scarf as well.  When I was checking out she mentioned that she is in fact the owner of the store.  It showed really, because she had so much pride in everything that was in the shop.  It was a very pleasant experience and I was able to do all my shopping without going to the mall!   I am always happy when I support small local shops!
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2008,12/15/2008,26,76,3,15,10>I love, love, love the Christkindl market in Denver. After stumbling upon it with my husband many years ago when it was in the Denver Pavillions mall, we have faithfully made the trek each year (if/when we could find it..).This is an new location for the market this year - hopefully making it more lively and fun than previous years.  (The years behind Cherry Creek Elway's were the deadest, saddest of all..).Some of the notable food vendors are Alice's German Deli (GET a potato pancake) and Austria-to-go - an Austrian guy selling soup (the soup is good, good).  Several vendors also have brats - and you can't go wrong there.The highlight is the 'warming tent' where you can get a Paulaner or Gluwine and hunker down with your food.  If you think you'll be back next year, buy the souvenir Gluwine mug for $5.00.  The only thing we can't figure out (and why it is three stars instead of four) is why it is SO DEAD most of the time.  Why can't the German American Chamber of Commerce Colorado Chapter PROMOTE this thing???? It seems to me you have to know about it from years past or just stumble upon it in order to realize that the Christkindl market exists!  Come on! The more the merrier - can't we put an ad in the paper, Westword, something?Anyway, maybe now you know. Head on down and have fun!
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,12/14/2008,456,160,9,11,12>so I'm riding home from Enzo's tonight passing my familiar sights, the computer shop, the cricket store, the homeless guy sleeping in front of the day labor place, cross the street, the Atomic Cowboy, new pizzeria man in chef's coat in front of nice stone ovens 20 inch hot bubbling pie fresh outta the oven looks like a cheese man does that look awesome, Ism gallery, Baboooskaaaaaaa wait a minute, what ? what's wrong with this picture? I have this all flash before me, I turn around in 2 seconds as the impact is still hitting me, and take in this sight again- here is our favorite Cowboy, with a  pizza joint fused onto it. I flip the door host my ID, and am in, inquiring about a slice. I am handed 2 from the very pie I observed thru the glass, and told it is on the house as this is the trial run, and how is it?I already know... yep, man ..   OK, before I do this, Charlie from Enzo's..Outta the room, kid, I can't say things like this in fronta ya..   This is rockin pizza! The sauce is sweet, but not too, the cheese is good, the crust is crackling crisp, and fantastic. If they stay this good, it's gonna get scary on this stretch of Colfax as the pizza wars begin.Go try this pizza! Just don't tell my boss I told ya, I like my job!
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,12/13/2008,133,419,5,7,9>Finally got to try Steve's last night!  I loved my experience there - the staff are super friendly, and the menu is solid!  While the interior of the joint is little more than an order counter, they have a nice patio outside where you can enjoy your tasty treats.We had the Memphis dog (BBQ sauce, grilled onions, bacon, and cole slaw), the Denver burrito dog (Chili, cheddar jack, jalapenos, bacon, tomato & lettuce in a flour tortilla) and a corn dog (who can resist corn dogs??).  All of the dogs were excellent, though I was a bit disappointed in the size of the dog.  It was a little smaller than I was expecting.  It did have the advertised "snap", and was very full-flavored, but I was just a little disappointed in the size (please excuse all dirty-sounding metaphors...it is not intentional!).Their limeade was out of this world - not too sweet!  And my honey had a beer - it's great that they serve beer here, because beer and dogs is a natural match!I will most definitely be back - I want to have one of the root beer floats that Jess B raved about, and I want to try some of their other dogs and sides.  This is the perfect place to come in the summer - not only because of their patio, but because of their menu.  What says summer more than hot dogs and beer?  Or root beer floats?  Or shakes and malts?  Or ice cream?  Or frozen bananas?  That's right.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2008,12/12/2008,8,10,6,6,7>If I had to sum up Steuben's in one word it would have to be "Ehh..." in the Larry David-est tone of voice I could muster.I have to admit, I was pretty impressed the first couple times I ate here.  Steuben's is a hip eatery that serves yummy comfort food with a twist and is admittedly unique in Denver.  I know of only a few other places that have as cool of an interior as Steuben's does.  The food was good too, I'd had the biscuits and gravy a couple times and unlike other places, Steuben's biscuits are a bit sweet and complement the saltiness of the sausage gravy really well.  The Habanero Honey Fried Corn was really good too.  Sweet, buttery and spicy all at the same time...  Mmmm...  Back then, this place probably would have gotten 4 stars out of me.With restaurants, however, as with life, consistency is key and after having eaten both breakfast and dinner here several more times I have to give Steuben's 3 stars.I can't help but feel that the food is overpriced and just ok for what  you end up paying.  The Eggs Benedict is good but frankly, I can (and do) make better Eggs Benedict at home.  The hash browns have always been really dry every time I've had them (regardless of what they came with) and I'm pretty sure it's because they sit under food lamps on the side of the dish before the "real" food is plated.  The pan fried chicken was pretty good when I had it for dinner but again, it was just pretty good, nothing special.  The aforementioned corn was good but the whole time I was eating it, I couldn't get over the fact that I paid six bucks for corn.Bottom line: It's a cool place to go every once in a while with your friends, especially if your friends are from out of town.  Or if your friends are hipsters.  Or if your friends are out of town hipsters (seriously, this place has more hipsters on a Saturday morning than the grand opening of the Goodwill store on south Broadway).  And honestly, you probably won't be disappointed.  However, if you're looking for more consistently, delicious food, I would encourage you to explore other options.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2008,12/11/2008,12,21,5,7,7>Patsy's came recommended to me as the best Italian food in Denver. Maybe that was the problem- the emphasis was on food, which made my expectations high. As it turns out, the food was just ok. Not bad, not spectacular, but at least the portions guaranteed enough leftovers for the next day's lunch. The service, too, was average at best. We waited for our table at the bar, and were summarily ignored by the bartender for at least ten minutes, which I could understand if it was busy- but it wasn't. Our server was friendly but scatterbrained... no butter for the bread, no water refills, things like that. Again- not horrible, certainly not great.But- and with Patsy's, this is a big one- the atmosphere is awesome. Imagine the opposite of the Olive Garden. I felt like I had walked into a Sopranos episode, complete with the kinds of characters that you can't make up. Murals on the wall, long tables of laughing families, an old-school bar with random photos on the wall. It's the kind of place that makes eating an experience, not just a meal. And for that, I give Patsy's a lot of credit... while the food could be better, the environment is worth checking out.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/10/2008,614,1007,5,9,10>So, I came back on a Saturday and whoa, slow the presses, college football and the boys in my hood love college football. This place was packed.The hostess and manager at the door walked me to an empty seat at the bar - love that service. I noticed that there were groups of women chillin', groups of guys chillin, yet families and groups of friends watching the game and laughing. It felt like the quintessential neighborhood bar. It was still warm and cozy inside even though it was so crowded - usually hard to pull that off with a sports bar type environment.This time I tried the Duo (chilled appetizer duo with guac and chilled queso). It comes with chips only but is quite tasty. The guac is kinda peppery and the chilled queso had a kick. I liked it.Oh yeah, and the HH has 2-4-1 house wines,wells and some beers, but you get a little paper voucher for your 2nd (of the 2fer), and if you don't have it during HH that particular day, you can bring the freebie-slip back on another day during HH and get your free drink then. WTF! I love this place.Great vibe. Cool people. Staff was ok - some super cool, some annoying. But management was there on top of things and all kinds of smiley-friendly "ya'll come back now hear"? And I will.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,12/9/2008,190,159,8,7,14>This is by far my favorite park, and one of the things that convinced me Denver might be a cool place when I considered moving here from the Bay Area. The lakes remind me of Oakland's Lake Merritt and Novato's Olopali State Park lake.Anyway, what I love about Washington Park is that it's filled with people! People playing volleyball, lacrosse, soccer, frisbee ... funny looking echelons of speed skaters, cyclists, and runners galore! I love running around Wash Park, but it leads me to ponder the following paradox:If I run ten minute miles (as many folks do), run counterclockwise (as probably half the people do), and go on the same schedule ... doesn't that mean that the people most like myself are the ones I'll never see or meet? If we perfectly spaced out, running the same pace in the same direction at the same time, all we ever see is all the people who like to run the other way!But I digress. Parks are what make Denver such a lovely town and Wash Park is one of the finest for a multitude of activities.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,12/8/2008,60,90,6,8,6>I found this place by accident on a cold night with a friend visiting from out of town.  We decided to do the, "walk down Colfax and pick someplace to eat that we've never been to before."  I'm so glad we did.It was kind of like stepping into an episode of the Twilight Zone when we entered the building.  Authentic wood paneling, caging around the circular lower middle part of the dining room, white table cloths and really long skinny breadstick cracker things on every table.  There is something very comforting about a place that has not redesigned their interior in decades.  We both ordered the deep fried burger, yes, that's right.  A deep fried burger.  Unfortunately, since then they have taken this item off the menu.  They said not that many people ordered it.  Go figure.  Well, every time I go back, I order a burger, and every time I eat one of their burgers I think, "how could I have been a vegetarian for two years?"I love Bastien's.  The people working there are always friendly and down to earth.  And it has been surprisingly busy when I'm there during dinner time.  Families gather for celebrations and cute old couples eat supper together.  One day I will have to stop drooling over the steak options and break my budget to experience their award winning cuts of beef!
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,12/7/2008,245,483,5,11,10>Uptown features a plethora of intriguing and much talked about restaurants that for some reason or another, I never make it to.  Which is why I was thrilled to take part in the 21st annual Uptown Sampler.  Overall, the event was well executed.  Unlike the Feast on the Fax, lines in each of the restaurants were minimal and many places offered quality samples - which resulted in me being uncomfortably full at the end of the evening.  Here are my findings:Jonsey's EatBar - Yum and double yum!  Talk about putting your best foot forward.  My first stop left a great impression by offering some of their best appetizers from their menu.  Mac & cheese, truffle fries, shredded lamb sliders and thin crust pizza.  I'm not talking little dinky Dixie cup sized samples either - they had some full portions out - self serve.  I was tempted to part it here and load up on sliders all night, but alas, other options were waiting.  Uptown Square - You know that big, new apartment complex?  Me neither.  Anyways, the apartment complex got the tenant businesses to contribute to a little mixer in the Uptown courtyard patio.  Wine samples from Above the Rim, iced coffee from Fluid, cheese samples from...Safeway?  According to the hostess, an employee from the complex, the cheese and crackers came from Safeway.  Huh?  What happened to Chedd's Gormet Grilled Cheese?  I feel shafted!Steuben's - Steuben's was nice enough to reserve the entire take out section of the restaurant for Uptown Sampler.  Yep.  All 150 square feet.  Cramped space aside, the food was good, despite their wartime-like rationing of portions.  The gazpacho had a beautiful southern spiciness to it, while their deviled eggs were simply classic.  Tavern Uptown - I drive by this place everyday...I had no idea that they have such a huge patio.  It was gi-normous.  Their food was comforting - though I'm hazy on the details.  There was a calzone-like thing with Italian sausage and a Philly cheesesteak.  I decline to state an opinion on the cheesesteak b/c some Philadelphian will undoubtedly berate me with comments on how I don't know anything about a Philly cheesesteak b/c I am from California (I liked it!).  The calzone thingy was primo - sausage gives everything a boost.Hamburger Mary's - Once again, I had no idea they had such a nice big patio.  These places need signs that say "Hey, we've got a big-ass patio here!"  Bravo to HM for not being cheap on the samples.  Three different types of gutbusting sliders available at a self-serve bar.  Knowing that I no longer have the powerful stomach I once took for granted when I was 18, I opted to try just one item, the bleu cheese bacon burger.  Kudos on thick (but not nasty) tomato slices.  Good burgers - wish they didn't possess so many calories.Avenue Grill - We were greeted by a somewhat snooty staff that gave us an eyeballing that said, "God!  What a bunch of freeloaders."  I couldn't eat their food it sucked.  Their New England clam chowder tasted like Rocky Mountain oyster chowder.  The other food only left an impression of butt.  I won't be coming back to this place.Tastes Wine Bar - A complete 180 from the last experience.  The staff was kind, charming and helpful.  The atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable.  This is the kind of place that I would like to hang out at - sporting a colorful room with whimsical art mounted all over the walls.  The food was okay - nothing head spinning.  A creative African peanut soup, an interesting chunky chili, a sweet crepe with chocolate, olive tapenade brushetta, and a wonderfully refreshing pineapple meatball w/ curry sauce.  With such a great atmosphere, we decided to chill for a bit and sample all of the beers on tap - all were great.  I will come back to this place after work to have a drink and snack.Las Margaritas - Winner of the 2008 Least Appetizing Buffet Line!  I couldn't bring bring myself to try the mystery food that awaited underneath 2 inches of melted cheese.  I did try their corn cakes and chips & salsa.  Those were okay.Pasquinis - I am not a huge fan of doughy pizza.  Pasquinis makes doughy pizza.  I am not a fan of ice cold pizza.  Pizza, when left to sit outside in the cold, gets cold.  I took two bites.  It tasted like pizza and I was losing steam fast.Strings - Worst in show.  They had two items: cream of broccoli soup and an ity bitty bite of something they claimed was a curried pickled scallop.  Their host seemed a little hurt that I did not want to try their soup.  Hey, I had a full belly and I was expecting something a little more exciting than a cream of broccoli soup.  The scallop was lame - I was sure if I was eating a scallop or a booger rolled onto a toothpick.  If you don't want make any effort, don't participate.D Bar Desserts - They just got their liquor license and decided to celebrate by giving out wine samples to accompany their bomblicious chocolately dessert cup.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,12/6/2008,220,1215,4,9,7>I had seen this place on a prior visit to the Peruvian place 2 doors down. Everythign looked amazing and the owner (it's 2 cousins that run it) was there to tell us all about how they started and what their specialties were. One of the chocolate fillings or frostings is even grandma's special recipe! Mmmmm, can't wait to try that! At that time I didn't have an occasion that I needed a treat for but I took their card and have been telling everyone about them!I did not realize that the red velvet cup cakes were the thing to be trying! And today when I returned the flavors of the day were lemon and german chocolate. But I had a mission - no-one remembered the bosses birthday. There was no card, and there were no treats. I explained my dilemma to the owner and we decided to "create" a cake out of the brownies!She was great and lined them up all lovely and even added some frosting on top for some pizaaz!The finished, quickly assembled product looked great! The brownies themselves were OMG! So moist, melt in your mouth, chocolaty... Wowsa!It is a bummer that there isn't a lot of on demand options, but I kind of like that. If you want something, order it.  Knowing that it is a 2 gal team and anything that doesn't sell for the day is thrown out, I'm ok with the limited options! I'll definitely be back! And i'll be ordering a cake next chance i get!
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2008,12/5/2008,210,385,7,16,14>So damn good! My husband and I went to Domo for our anniversary lunch last week, and-- as expected-- it rocked our socks off. The patio is as gorgeous and Zen as can be, with perfectly manicured gardens and koi ponds, and the food was just beyond fabulous. I had the Spicy Maguro Donburi Bowl, while my husband opted for the Chicken Katsu Donburi Bowl. Our one-year old son was a huge fan of the chicken gyoza! If you're planning on heading to Domo anytime soon (and you really should), here are FIVE THINGS YOU NEED TO KNOW: 1. Go for lunch! Oh my gawd, what a deal!! The aforementioned fab-tastic Spicy Maguro Donburi only set me back a mere $8.50, and was LOADED with mounds of deep red, super-fresh sashimi tuna. The same amount of fish, if ordered at any sushi bar, would run at least $18 if not more. Plus, it comes with three little side dishes and miso soup ta' boot! Lunch at Domo is a SLAMMIN' DEAL!! 2. If you sit outside, be prepared for yellowjackets. I guess hanging up those yellow wasp traps would really mess up the Zen of the place, but they're desperately needed. Those suckers are MEAN, and they're really aggressive (especially in late summer/early fall).3. If you've got little ones, be warned that they don't allow high chairs outside in the gardens. The ground is all gravel, making for questionable stability, and I suppose it'd be bad for business (and insurance premiums) if babies were pitching out headfirst all over the place. Not to mention, VERY un-Zen. 4. And speaking of that gravel, it's probably best to leave the sexy high heeled shoes at home. No matter how skilled you think you are in your stilettos (and even if you're planning to sit indoors-- as the parking lot is gravel too), you'll probably end up twisting an ankle. NOT sexy. NOT Zen.5. There's a cool little museum off the side of the patio, boasting piles of cool Japanery and a perfect little authentic tea room. The tea room and training kitchen are clearly marked: "Please Stay Out" (but way more polite)... however... the attached Dojo is not. No sign, no nothing. So... um... if you've got a little one and the urge strikes to let him or her crawl around on the vast expanse of white mats, JUST SAY NO. Even though it's not posted (anywhere!! I swear!!), you're not allowed in there. So now you know not to do what we did. You're welcome. There's seriously no better deal in Denver than Domo for lunch. We'll be back FOR SURE... and yes, we promise to stay out of the Dojo. Could'ja put some signs up anyway, though? You know... for the rookies.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,12/3/2008,5,14,1,8,6>If this is a slice of Argentina, then I need to visit the real thing as soon as possible!  The Buenos Aires Grill is a wonderful restaurant for dates or other special occasions, largely due to the beautiful, classy decor, intimate seating, and the excellent "you are special" service.  I advise that you visit on a warm evening so you can enjoy the sublime outdoor seating area.  My date and I ordered a pitcher of sangria to drink, and we were given a choice of wines to add to the fruit mix.  The waitress mixed the sangria in front of us, pouring in the whole bottle of wine, and the result was fruity, sour, and delish.  I ordered proscuitto, goat cheese, and melon as an appetizer, and while it would have been better had the melon been riper, the presentation was lovely.  My entree, a squash ravioli, was inventive and palatable, and tasted quite unlike what I was expecting (I mean that as a compliment!).  For dessert we split a just-perfect creme brulee (if you've ever had -bad- brulee, you'll know my appreciation for just-prefect!)There are plenty of flammable drinks and desserts on the menu, and if you order one, the waitperson will put on quite an expert show with the fire - very impressive!
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/25/2008,12/2/2008,93,211,4,5,9>i had been wanting to try this place out for a while, and finally got in there for breakfast today. i absolutely love the decor, it reminded me of a place back home that i loved. anyway, it is a bit eclectic, cluttered even, but i think that's charming. as far as the food goes, i had something that i'm not actually sure what it was called because i just told the waitress to bring me something good. it was a breakfast burrito with tofu. i'm actually really perplexed because the first bite tasted good and then it was pretty much bland and left me staring at my dining partner's eggs with apples, cream cheese and caramel with envy. i literally think my dining experience here made me decide to throw out the whole vegan thing. but they had pretty good coffee. the next time i go, i'll probably get something less tofu-y and be sure to bring cash because they only accept green or checks. checks? really? but i totally appreciate the fact that there's a place that's vegan friendly and definitely has personality.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,12/1/2008,639,447,5,9,6>I choose the Sunflower over any other produce department in the land. They are cheaper than any store when it comes to fruits and veggies from Whole Foods to King Soopers. They are more bountiful than King Soopers, Safeway and Albertson's and they lack the uppity attitude that Whole Foods has.I'm always amazed by the bulk grains and candy rows. That right, I said rows. Plural. There's an entire row dedicated solely to granola. And as someone who likes granola, that's a big plus in my book.I usually shop elsewhere for my packaged goods and hygiene stuffs, but for fresh produce (and bread too!) Sunflower Market takes the Gluten-Free, Soy Frosting cake.UPDATE: Try the chili con queso dip. It is so addictive, it may actually require IV drugs to ween myself off of it.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2008,11/30/2008,154,252,17,8,9>I have a love-hate relationship with the MallRide. At times when I am too tired and need to walk a long way, I hop on the Shuttle and ride to my destination. Convenient, yes it is.A feature I like is riding it at night. You're stuck on a bus with some drunk people who have very insightful things to say. A drunk woman once pointed out to me that we had the same winter gloves. I asked her if she got them from Target. She said no, "Nordstrom's." Which made me feel cheap. Then she invited me and my friends to go to McCormick's with her and her other drunk friends. Thanks, but no thanks, drunk woman. You're a peach.On the downside, I am a stickler for germs (with good reason. Who knows what kind of nasty, disgusting particles people have on their hands and then grab the rails? I saw a little boy pick his nose and then grab the pole WITH THE SAME HAND! I don't care how old you are. That's disgusting and should not be tolerated!)I always carry antibacterial hand sanitizer with me and put it on the second I step off the Mall Ride. I'm not a complete germophobe, but whatever.The other thing that bothers me is that it slows down at night. In the summer, not a big deal. But in the winter when you go out with friends in your cutest outfit and have to walk to get to your car or to the lightrail, get ready to freeze. I'm surprised I have all of my toes and fingers left.I hate riding it in the summer months becase people have some funky B.O, and they insist on crowding onto the bus and I can't get out. No thanks, I don't want to smell your stanky armpits. Maybe another time.So, I love you MallRide. I hate you MallRide.  I just can't decide.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,11/29/2008,190,292,12,10,9>WOW! Thanks, Yelpers, for such a great recommendation! I threw my husband's surprise party at Los Carboncitos last Friday and was so impressed by the authenticity, quickness, and general tastiness of all the food. We had a group of 16 and one waiter - he did a fantastic job.Several of the men in our group were hypnotized by the enormous hunk of meat on a spike they had in the kitchen. One of my friends tried a dish with prickly pear. I had some damn fine fajitas and actually tried the appetizer titled carboncitos. It's possible I licked the plate when no one was looking. I will neither confirm nor deny.My husband has been lamenting the fact that he hadn't fallen in love with a Mexican restaurant in Denver yet (after three years) - I'm happy to say that's now changed.The only negative I will throw out is that the place got more than a little warm. Balmy. Oh, and the parking. Parking was a wee bit of a pain. That's two things. But they're minimal, so we'll just pretend it's one. Oh, and no booze. Dammit. That's three. The tasty food more than makes up for the lack of buzz, though. I'll stop talking now.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2008,11/28/2008,1081,424,20,17,17>Oh Golden Bowl. The things you do to me. After a weekend trip to Golden, fellow Yelp Misha thought up a fun night for a few of us Yelpers at this place. After weeks of attempts to make it out here, this past Friday night, we finally did so. Being a fan of Chinese food and bowling, I knew I had to come here. The karaoke on the other hand is something I am a bit reserved about. My first and only time was at an AYCD &amp; Karaoke UYE with a bunch of LA/OC Yelpers this past February. *Read about the AYCD here: yelp.com/biz/lai-lai-ken *Read about Karaoke here: yelp.com/biz/25si-karaok *Any other time I've been to karaoke, I've watched, but never participated. Last Friday, I brought Britney back. More on that in a second.So Sheri and I arrived a few minutes late. We have never been to Golden and so it was somewhat of an interesting drive, especially trying to navigate at night. But we made it safely. From the outside you could see all the cars and hear all the people inside. Seems to be a real place of interest in town and it was pretty full at the time we got there. Not overly crowded though. Everyone was already there and so I went right for the Chinese, while Sheri hit the bar for drinks.The food at the "restaurant" is typical cheap Chinese. It's greasy, fried, in hotel pans under heat lamps and cheap. It's food for when you're drinking. Or to lay a base before drinking and trust me, you WILL be drinking here. I know I did :DThe lady who we got shoes from tried to to get us to take multiple lanes, but we wanted to play together, I could tell that she wasn't happy about that, but oh well. We got a lane and shoes and balls and started our game. The first game we played seriously and were competitive. By game two drinks had been consumed and I know that I wasn't so much into it as I was in the beginning, plus there was Guitar Hero in the next room so I was interested in that. By the accidental start of game three, Andrew (Misha's husband) and I were throwing for everyone. We were throwing double balls, under the leg throws, spinning on your head before you throw and finally... who could throw the fastest ball. I sadly lost, I could blame the amount of beer and shots I had, but I think I was just not throwing it hard enough. When bowling was over, we transitioned over to the other room where we played a little Guitar Hero. I split two rounds with Merle (Andee's husband) and then we went to the part of the night where I wasn't so thrilled about and I admit it. What am I talking about? Karaoke people. I am very self-conscious about the things I do in public, but if you were at the after party of the Elite event (which I am finally getting to around to reviewing) then you know that if you get enough alcohol in me, anything is possible.So after watching everyone sing their songs, it was time for me to pick my song. I have only sang karaoke once in my life and it was in Yelp OC where I was VERY drunk. If you read the reviews, you know what I sang. I decided to revisit my signature song. "Baby One More Time" by Britney Spears. From what I can remember, I sang beautifully. It wasn't Kealoha on stage, but Britney herself. I closed my eyes and let her take over. Sadly there is no video of that performance, but I'm sure that there will be in the future. In the end, I must say that Golden Bowl is nothing but a fun time. There's so much to entertain you. I can't wait to return for another fun night there.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,11/27/2008,41,47,1,5,5>Saturday night was date night and my husband and I finally tried Encore. We were warmly greeted at the door and sat at a comfortable booth for two. We LOVE to eat good food and Encore did not disappoint. We started with the Cape Cod-style Calamari. The calamari was so tender and not at all chewy. For our main course, I had the acorn squash ravioli and my husband had the tenderloin with with blue cheese. Although his tenderloin was delish, I was the big winner with the ravioli. We made sure that we saved some room for dessert. We purposely waited to order the chocolate souffle to give ourselves 20 minutes to digest. The souffle was amazing, but the carrot cake with carrot cake ice cream was the big winner at our table.In addition to amazing food, the staff was wonderful and very attentive. Encore is perfect for a big night out or simply for appetizers.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,11/26/2008,214,247,2,3,12>Our little uye - thai lunch was fantastic! What a great meal.Stacey is a vegetarian, so where possible we ordered the tofu version; the tofu was golden fried and delicious. Organizer Jenn admitted she's not very adventurous about food. We all agreed the best way to try new things is sharing family style. And so we feasted!Egg rolls, toom kha soup (unlike any tom kha or tom yum we'd tasted before, but good in its own right) , jungle curry, panang curry  (I think we agreed it was the best panang we'd ever tasted), pineapple fried rice which we enjoyed greatly, and hot chicken wings which lived up to their excellent reputation. We ordered everything medium; the soup tasted quite spicy but got our mouths accustomed so the rest of the food was very pleasant. Jenn then surprised us by saying, "Let's get dessert!" Stuffed as we were, we shared mango sticky rice and Thai custard, both of which were excellent. Scott and Stacy had Thai iced tea which was not as sweet as expected but enjoyable, or at least necessary, since it certainly disappeared. We wisely requested a pitcher of water which was a little slow coming but definitely welcome; and we needed a refilled pitcher too, in addition to our all starting with a full glass of ice water. I was amazed that we paid less than $20 a person, including tip, for all this goodness. Everything was excellent. We were sorry only that more of you couldn't join us this fine Sunday!
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,11/25/2008,44,137,11,17,12>This place is really cool!!   It is a big open space full of anything you would need to run a restaurant.  Ok, so I don't run a restaurant.   But my house does have a kitchen.  Granted I don't need the stock pot big enough to cook a person in but they have lots of things I can use, cheap!  Some things in here really surprised me.  Like how expensive some restaurant crap really is!  Like who knew those little plastic things that they put drink specials in are like 6 bucks?  Anyway, I got one of those big spade ice cream scoops for a little more than $2.  I also got a set of dishes for around $30!  Plus I could hand pick what I wanted piece by piece.  You have to look past the fact that everything is just sort of sitting out and dusty, but if you can do that, you will have a BALL in this store!  The staff here was GREAT!  They were so super helpful and friendly.  One guy even gave my kids a gourmet cookie to share.  Also, when my brain was going to explode because I honestly could NOT make up my mind another guy came to my rescue.  I was starting to think I was going to have to leave and come back another day. (The kids were starting to melt down) He swooped in and gave me key advice and I was sorted.  I will be going back to this place. I have got to bring the hubs here.  Give yourself time though, if you like odd kitchen crap you will be here awhile.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2008,11/24/2008,342,357,10,9,9>Ahh...girls night out.  A time to get all gussied up and head to bars/clubs that you usually don't spend your weekends in.  WISH was the spot for girls night this past weekend and wow, did it deliver!The decor and ambiance was very swanky with luxurious couches and cool lighting.  They have 3 different bars, along with cocktail waitresses, to help expedite the tasty adult beverages.  Oh this night they were wearing mostly lingerie, due to the burlesque theme.  They also had ladies dancing on the stage for entertainment throughout the night.  The crowd was mostly older, being a 25 and up club, which meant fewer douche-bags than other places downtown (ahem..Lodo's).  And the place was not too crowded at all.  Both of these factors would make the $5 cover completely worth it for me (sorry fellas, for you it's $10).  Overall, it was a successful drunken-ladies-night-out.  I suggest you rally up your gal pals and make a trip asap!  (Tip: Their website says that before 10:30pm on Saturdays, entry is free!)
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2008,11/23/2008,6,6,,5,5>Came here on a Sunday at 4:30pm. It was a cold rainy day so it wasn't too busy.Parking lot was small but easy to find. The restaurant itself is very nice inside. Big LCD tv near the bar with comfy chairs is a plus too.Service was friendly and prompt. Waitress kept a good eye on our needs, we pretty much never had to ask for a refill. The pizza is simply great. The ingredients are fresh and simple. We got the Staten Island, Toscana, Sicilia, and Mediterranean. All were simply amazing. The fact they they cook the pizza's in a wood burning stone oven definitely adds that unique taste to all the pizzas. The dough itself it has a great taste, everyone at our table ate their crusts because it was so good. They also serve red pepper and freshly grated parmesan cheese ! I will definitely be back for more!!!
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/21/2008,164,209,5,15,11>Mmmmm. When it's so cold outside that you think your jaw is going to chatter off your face, and when your bones are chilled to the point of no return, this is when you should go to Pho 555. Their servings of Pho is like your grandma wrapping a warm blanket around you and telling you everything will be alright. The richness and complexity of their broth is amazing. Even if you order a run-of-the-mill brisket, the broth speaks to you of meats and bones so flavorful that it may make you dare to order some tendons or tripe to see what the depths of that broth could hold. It's easy to make good Pho, but it's difficult to make GREAT Pho. Pho 555 certainly does the trick. Caveat: If you want a good vermicelli bowl, look elsewhere. This place does Pho, and does it very well. Bonus: Awesome fish tank with a cool sucker fish will keep you entertained in the two minutes it takes you to order and receive your food.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2008,11/20/2008,8,29,8,7,8>8 Rivers Lodo recently opened on Blake Street and they lured me in with the sidewalk blackboard special of a curried chicken pasta combo with a side salad for a ten spot.Not necessarily a fan of jerk cooking (mainly because that phrase has been used to describe me so many times) I figured the curry wouldn't be so "jerky" and I'm glad I stopped in.The decor is really nice (just don't look up beyond the height of the walls in the daytime) and the huge Bob Marley wall mural smiles down upon the patrons. Reggae music pumps along softly in the background.I wish I could try this place stoned, because I just get a strange feeling that this particular fare would go well with a crushing case of the munchies, but alas I'm only in Lodo during the day.The penne pasta was perfectly cooked and the plentiful chunks of fresh, white meat chicken graced the top of the bowl supplemented by a few small bits of red bell pepper and onion. It was a tasty curry, not too overpowering and definitely not too hot, which I appreciated.Alright mon!The small side salad consisted of fresh greens with nice thin slices of tomato and cucumber with an absolutely delicious jerk vinaigrette that I asked for on the side. The sweetness of the dressing was a perfect counterpoint to the curried chicken.I discovered later, when I read more about 8 Rivers that the tall lanky man scurrying to and fro is owner Scott Durrah. It's nice to see him keeping such a close eye on the operation.A silent (thank you) wide screen teevee was affixed to a wall adjacent to a fireplace surrounded by couches. I imagine this place has a great groove going in the evenings.I'm going light on the stars (3) because it's my first visit and it was very pleasant, but I need to sample some additional dishes before I can bump up my rating. My first impression was a very good one.Now if I could just get that reggae beat out of my head...
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2008,11/19/2008,214,316,,9,6>I have been here twice now and still think it's one of the best meals I have ever had the good fortune to partake in!It's always busy so make a reservation! We got there at nine and 1/4 of the menu was already sold out. A true sign of excellent and home made food! We had the calamari to start. It came with a warm tomato sauce and it was divine. I had a dish with prawns, bell peppers, carrots, and rice with a coconut milk sauce. I could not stop eating even after the bells went off in my head that I was full! No one wanted to share their dish even though all of us offered each other bites!  Which we giggled about.The food also came with some outstandingly delicious bread and a small dish of cubed peppers in a light vinaigrette. It also came with a hot sauce that I would have bought by the gallon if offered. The service is damn good and I can't believe we were able to share a bowl of ice cream that was creamy, caramely, and delicious. I really filled my pie hole. The truth is I would do it again and again because this place is one restaurant not to miss!!!
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,11/18/2008,122,182,5,10,12>Someone told me they open and 4:30 we pulled up at 4:30, Enzo Looked closed the girls were hungry and impatient in the car. So I remembered reading a review about a place down the street so we circled blocks and did the Bluebird strip tour one more time, the Shoppe, mezcal, Hooked, ism & LC cant seem to locate the other pizza spot. What's this a neon red Open sign has came to life, well I did a two lane change with a micro second blinker and slid into the spot right in front! ( I am sure this maneuver was more then enough to peeve some people in the things that irk you thread but its food man food! I should get one pass!)I like places like this, trendy chic decor has it role but this place is old school the counter and pizza chefs are in your face right there! We find a booth and Scott T comes and takes our order! Well girls being girls and practicing for women hood don't want what I want etc so we decide on 2 pies. They get Hawaiian and usually order something with a bunch of meat being a proud carnivore! But with the huge variety of toppings its truly my duty to go another route. I opted for roasted garlic, sun dried tomatoes and garlic chicken, I know I should have went with the olive oil sauce or another sauce but I went with red because I really wanted to try it.The pies made their way to our table after listening to daddy I am hungry 97.8 times, I think the number one trait all kids genetically have is incessantness! Chill we already ordered and this isn't Little Caesars, good pizza should take its time and it did.  And it was good pizza I am a fan of a more crustier pizza but for a thin pizza this was really tasty I would have liked to maybe been pulled out a little sooner since it was really crispy but it still was very good! My pie was a dominated with the garlic which for me is great because I ordered it that way, and it will keep the vampires at bay! What I truly enjoyed was the sauce, you could tell it had no sugars and it only sweetness was from its tomatoes, some places put to much spices in their sauces Not Enzos they do it right! The toppings and cheese were top notch as well and Enzo's is definitely a spot I will be back!
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,11/16/2008,42,157,3,5,6>Went here on Halloween night to see my husband's band play. I was a little alarmed about going to a dive bar on Colfax on Halloween night, but it was totally cool and non-threatening. It was pretty small, so wherever you are in the bar you will be able to see and hear the band (this also means you will not be able to escape the band to have an actual conversation, but hey either enjoy the music or step outside). Drinks were cheap -- our friend ordered a soda (designated driver) and they gave it to him for free. Cool.I hear the men's bathroom is really god awful, but the woman's bathroom was serviceable. I would definitely go back.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2008,11/15/2008,18,164,4,4,6>Lakeside is sort of like the "ghetto Elitches"...and I wouldn't have it any other way.It's a little run down, it's a little old and it's a little sketchy at times, but Lakeside is not without its appeal. It's rarely crowded and you can typically ride all the major attractions, play some skeeball (yes!),  buy some 1 dollar popcorn, stroll around the park and have a pleasant evening.The best rides are probably the Cyclone Roller Coaster, the Wild Chipmunk, and the new "tower drop". You should also take some time to ride the train, a Lakeside tradition. Of course,  you can't go wrong with the Carousel, Bumper Cars and Ferris Wheel. The Crystal Palace house of mirrors is one of the park's smaller attractions, but it's always a hit (I remember ditching annoying friends in there, as a kid). The Kiddie Land typically opens a few hours before the rest of the park. The rides there aren't too creative (they all go around in circles, it seems), but there's a pretty good assortment for the rugrats. Overall, I would say that the rides at Lakeside are better and more accessible than Elitches.A fun part of Lakeside is the decor of the place. Straight out of the 1930's, it  lights up well at night. No shame in taking a picture of the iconic tower, or even the Cyclone's facade at night. A curious aspect of Lakeside is all the old relics still sitting around. Two massive tower rides have probably been closed down since the 1950's, but their skeletons still remain promiment features of Lakeside (makes me wonder if one of those rides' cars went flying off in the lake and they were forced to close 'em down!). If you look closely, you can even see the old putt-putt golf course beneath the Cyclone and the boat dock where they used to give Speedboat Rides. There's even an old "PIZZA" sign in the middle of the park...but good luck finding any pizza vendors near it.I wouldn't take your out-of-town friends or relatives, but if you're a local and can stand some cheesiness, then have a cheap, fun night out at Lakeside!---As an aside, do any other longtime Denverites remember the old Fun House at Lakeside? With multiple levels, shaking floors, wooden slides, neon rooms and other wacky crap. I got more than a few charley horses and brusies in that joint. Pretty sure it was demolished due to insurance concerns!
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,11/14/2008,467,473,5,5,11>Delight beyond that which mere words can describe.  The chef, the waitstaff, the desserts, the coffee, and even the restroomsAll so heavenly.I should think anything on the menu, and anything in the pastry case would be worth trying.  And they even had agave nectar for my coffee.  I was thrilled.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2008,11/13/2008,410,321,,9,6>This place is really good! Thanks for all reviews Yelpers! I went there yesterday to celebrate my birthday, and took 20 of my closest friends, made a reservation a day prior and reserved 2 tables of 10 each. Splitting the table in 2 was actually a great idea because not everyone wanted to be as adventurous as some of us.Our table had ordered wine marinated chicken, red oil won ton, jelly fish salad, gyosa (pan fried) as appetizers... They were all really good. For dinner, we got salt and pepper frog legs, 3 cup chicken, peking duck, egg plant hot pot, and something I can't recall that was something like sam cha sauce beef. They were all really good :)Table #2 got pecan shrimp, xiao long bao, some gyoza, sesame chicken, mongolian beef, and some other stuff. They really loved it.So, overall it's a great place to dine and satisfy adventurous eaters as well as conservatives...
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2008,11/12/2008,23,51,4,5,6>Since my first visit to Lovely Confections a few months ago, I have been hooked. I go in at least once every two weeks, and have yet to feel the need to reconsider my first glowing review. If anything else, I feel that it deserves more accolades. I have gotten to know Porche Lovely a little bit, and she makes sure to remember me and have a conversation each time I come in. Her special weekend flavors are always amazing, as well as her regular rotation. Every time I go in the cupcakes are better than I remember. I'm not sure how that's possible, but each bite is orgasmic.Without a doubt the best cupcake in Denver and the sweetest owner.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/21/2008,11/11/2008,34,88,4,8,5>This place is kinda sketch.  From the pot hole filled parking lot, to the boarded-up neighboring buildings, and the general odd-smelling dusty disastrousness inside the building, it's a wonder that I shop at this place.  But I do.  Where else can you get rice noodles for 89 cents, and coconut milk for 79 cents?  Or 3 bundles of cilantro for 75 cents, or all the mint you could ever eat for a buck.  All rung up and bagged by a surly teenager with bad eyeliner.Viet Hoa is big, and it has a lot of stuff.  It can be intimidating for someone who's not versed in Asian foods.  I'm familiar with the Japanese part of Asia and slightly familiar with the Thai part.  And there are aisles where I literally have no idea about the foods around me.  This place also has a decent sized fish and meat section, which frightens the hell out of me and I have never purchased from.  It also has a produce section with predominantly Asian produce which I avoid purchasing from, but sometimes can't help myself because it's so cheap.Overall the place is sketch.  But cheap.  So I go there.  I try to avoid buying anything that isn't prepackaged.  But it's one of the few places where you fill up your basket, they ring it all up, and when she tells you the total you're like, "That's it?"
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,11/10/2008,202,266,2,7,8>All I have to say is: Mac & Cheese Fries.  Seriously?!?!  It sounds like a heart attack waiting to happen but it's *so* worth it.  The decor of this place is super cute and I love that they have a plant in the urinal in the men's bathroom (I wasn't actually using the men's restroom, you just see it as you're walking to the women's restroom).  If you add together the food, really good looking (and fun) company, cheap beer (only during HH), and the SUPER nice owner...this place is definitely a must try.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,11/9/2008,6,10,,9,8>If you love afternoon tea, then you should check out Wildflowers Tea Room!  I've been to the Brown Palace afternoon tea service several times and really enjoy the ambience there, especially during the Christmas season, but Wildflower's is the place for you if you are looking for a less staunchy, get your money's-worth experience, for any time of the year.  This place has more of a traditional english tea room's vibe equipped with a cozy fireplace, beautiful gardens and countryside, and mix-and-match china/linens.  Their afternoon tea service includes a couple of choices for tea with delicious (generous-sized) courses featuring scones, devonshire cream, and many soups, tea sandwiches, and desserts to indulge in all for a about half the price of Brown Palace.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,11/8/2008,38,46,8,2,4>Dear Liks, I know it has been some time since I have seen you. Ever since I started seeing the gym, the frequency of our visits has dwindled. That does not mean that my heart does not burn for you and all you have to offer me. From your sturdy waffle cones, to your playful sprinkles, to your rich, freshly made, creamy, decedent, mouth and mind numbing ice cream. Your toffee makes me crunch, your chai makes me spice, and your oreos make me want to live in a harmonious black and white world. Let's not make a scene here. We are embarking on a torrid love affair. I WILL FIND YOU! N
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,11/7/2008,164,180,3,5,9>Cheeeeeese whizzzzzzz.... on a freshly made, hot off the grill, in your face philly cheesesteak sandwich (with all the fixin's if you ask me).  And they have root beer on tap - a special tap.  You'll have to go there to get what i mean.  Super dope cap hill style (hole in the wall, you'd miss it if you blinked, and games built in to the tables).  It's nothing special and super special all in one package.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,11/6/2008,11,12,4,3,5>Mother of God! How on earth could a place be this wonderful?  I have been here for brunch, drinks, appetizers, lunch, dinner, and dessert, and everything is amazing. Service, food, atmosphere, wine list oh my!I am always so torn when a new seasonal menu comes out because I don't want them to get rid of anything I love (oh, how I miss you black truffle gnocchi!), but I also want to keep trying all of Ms. Jasinski's latest creations (and hello candied lemon gnocchi!).  From the eggs benedict, to the roasted beet and Asian pear tart, all the way to the goat cheese cheesecake, every new thing I try gives me another favorite.The tiny spoons for the sea salt and pepper always make me smile when I sit at the table and pretend I'm a giant.  I suppose it's not really what they call "appropriate" behavior for a fine dining restaurant, but hey, I have to get me kicks where I can.  It is, after all, a hard knock life..
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2008,11/3/2008,5,13,4,3,6>Seriously,  this place's own history sings louder and sweeter than a thousand yelpers in unison.  It is simple really, you don't get to be the oldest continuously running tavern in Denver without consistently offering  something good. Every time I've visited, I've found the clientèle to be a mixture of young college age hipsters, the Denver old school elite,  and a few families and business people thrown in (around lunchtime.)   When you look around the place you see a lot of great people that are nothing but happy to be there.  This helps make My Brother's Bar a fun place to be.I'd describe the food as diner or lunch-wagon type fair - burgers, grilled sandwiches, soups/chili, wraps and finger foods.   I think the food is pretty good. It just kind of works perfectly with environment.   I won't say it's the best of Denver, It's not. It doesn't need to be.  Try a JCB burger with onion rings, you'll be happy.There is something particular about the appeal of this place, for some wonderful reason, its goodness exceeds the sum of its parts.  It's no wonder  Kerouac's 'Man Crush' Neal Cassady liked this place so much.I can't quite put my finger on the reason why,  but MBB reminds me of this bar in my old hometown: yelp.com/biz/the-waterfr
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,11/2/2008,68,174,1,7,4>I like this place because it's pretty all encompassing.  Pool with lap lanes, slide, kid's play area, and hot tub, Ice Arena, Gym with almost all the equipment that you can need, an overhead running track, basketball gym, volleyball, climbing wall, and studio (which isn't open unless there are classes)  It's neat that you can pay one fee and get into everything except the ice area.  The prices are a little high, but not bad considering everything they have to offer.  I do know that their monthly membership, like most gyms is astronomically high.  If you don't go regularly I would suggest paying each time, or getting one of their visit punch cards which allow something like 20 visits for a reduced price.  Then you can gauge if you're really committed to your New Year's Resolution or what have you. If you go for the work out, the gym is usually pretty crowded and it's possible that you might have to wait for a bit for the equipment, but every time I've gone people aren't real snobby and usually only use the ellipticals and treadmills for the allotted "20 min time if there's a line" which is good enough to get a warm up to use the weights.  Another plus is they have the anti-bacterial spray and paper towels so you can clean off stuff as you go along or before you go.  All in all, pretty fair.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,11/1/2008,41,92,4,5,5>Here's a little unknown fact about Chérie Amour: she used to make specialty cakes and sell them. That being said, I'm VERY picky about where I purchase cakes and how they are designed (I swear, they probably gasp when they see me walk in the door!)Now that I have two young children running around the house, it's not too easy to make perfection when it's in danger of your child taking a bite out of the side of it or sticking their finger into the perfectly frosted cake. Sooo, I have to buy birthday cakes elsewhere. Child's Pastry Shop (in Littleton, off of County Line & Broadway) is the place I go when I want a cake to be complete perfection (just as I would make it ; ) Their cake is moist, the filling is ah-mazing and their decorating skillz (yes, skills with a "z") are phenomenal! Okay, so I have a 2-year-old daughter who is OBSESSED with Fat Albert. I walked in there and asked the teenage girl behind the counter if they could make a Fat Albert cake for my daughter. When the girl asked me who Fat Albert was, I was a bit nervous. I was like, "Dude, can you make me a cake with a fat black man who has a mean jheri curl, or what?!" Then she called the decorator and she assured me they'd do a great job on my daughter's retro cake. Oh. My. Gosh. Not only was it that awesome orange color, but the decorator DREW Fat Albert in icing on the top. My daughter was SO EXCITED for her cake that it made my day. Since then, I've referred all my friends there and they all love it. The cakes are reasonably priced and well-decorated. The staff is super-friendly and they live up to my high standards and instructions (sure, they probably talk about me when I walk out of the door--but who wouldn't?!) All-in-all, this place gets 5 stars from this cake decorating diva!
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,10/30/2008,28,28,6,8,11>On Saturday, I was a complete waste of carbon. A Friday night full of drinks and music at the Skylark (see review for details), followed by some late night pranks (sorry again Sheila), and Saturday was a bit of a trial. Like a good American, I woke up early to watch the Redeem Team beat Spain. After that, I fell victim to lack of sleep, lack of liquids, and ideal nap weather (rain, overcast, cold, August day) and slept for, no lie, 6 hours. After waking up, I felt terrible and needed pizza. Now, I just got back from my annual trip to Chicago and honestly  that usually ruins me for at least  a month. I like the pizza there just SO much better. However, after reading all the pizza tour comments, and also taking a suggestion from Lori about Wymans (closest she could recommend to Chicago style), I decided in head, heart, and soul, that I needed pizza. I called Wyman's 3 times, and kept getting a busy signal. I know I'm kind of oldish, but when is the last time you called anywhere and got a busy signal, much less 3 times in a 30 minute span? Do you realize that there is a whole generation that isn't all that familiar with a busy signal? Anyway, I took the busy signals as a sign from the Gods, and decided to order from my old standby, Basil Doc's. Basil Doc's has a selection of toppings that is truly impressive. I don't order it, but there aren't many places you can get shrimp, or capers, or clams on pizza. I decided to go with my old standby, the pesto pizza. Now, this pizza is unlike any pesto pizza I have ever had. It's more of a (excuse me Dave Navarro and Eric Avery) Deconstructed pesto pizza. By that mean, the pizza does not technically have any pesto on it, and my parenthetical comment refers to the awesome one album wonder Deconstruction, but that is neither here nor there. The first time I ordered this was years ago, and I was shocked, no, flummoxed (I think I have had one too many) after seeing the pizza, and more specifically the whole basil leaves on the pizza. You see, instead of putting actual pesto on this pizza, Basil Doc's takes the whole ingredients of pesto and covers a pizza. Your pie will have chunky tomato sauce, mozzarella, fresh garlic, and pine nuts in addition to the whole basil leaves. The flavors just jump off the pizza, and in turn destroyed my hangover. Also, I now have a bit of a pine nut fetish now. Maybe I had to pick the pizza up (no delivery = minus one star), sausage pizza is a miracle to me, and the sausage is just OK here. However, Basil Doc's is my fave pizza in Denver (I still have a lot to check out, so don't judge me). Although, Basil Doc's did not exactly scratch the itch I was experiencing, it sure was good. For me, Basil Doc's is to Chicago pizza  what methadone is to heroin, but that is a whole other conversation. I just REALLY wish they delivered.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,10/29/2008,20,42,3,10,6>I was scouting the DU area as a possible place for my future relocation.  I wanted to see what was in the area so my 9 year-old, Caiden, and I set out to do some exploring.  After driving around the DU, Swedish and Gultch area, we decided to get a bite.  It was a very difficult decision, but Mustards Last Stand edged out Fuhgeddaboutit Pizza (Oh, and don't for a second think I have forgotten about you Fuhgeddaboutit...).We went inside and you immediately get hit with a funky vibe.  It kinda reminded me of the Bahamas, where there were these laid back guys inside just chilling and serving dogs. We ordered a few (I am a traditional ketchup and mustard on my dog kinda guy, Caiden opted for some cheese)... We went outside and grabbed a booth.As we enjoyed our people watching along University Blvd, and participated in an increasingly intense round of "Slug Bug", they called my name and off I went to fetch some dogs.The dogs themselves were very good, perhaps the best I've had in Denver so far. The fries were also very good, sort of with an In-and-Out vibe...In summation, the good eats, funky vibe and fantastic people watching ensures that my first stand wont be my last stand at Mustards...
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,10/28/2008,24,44,1,11,8>Not only is this Cafe/coffee shop a great place to hang out, given the incredible coffee, friendly staff, and wi-fi internet access, but the food is incredible. I've tried almost every offering on the menu, and I haven't had a bad dish yet. In fact, DJ's Cafe is one of the best places to get many standard favorites as well as truly unique twists on traditional favorites. The blueberry pancakes are incredible....best I've ever had. The french fries are made fresh right when you order them tossed with coarse salt and herbs (yum!)....no frozen rubbery fries here. The breakfast burrito is very nicely done with a delicious spicy sausage and homemade green chile with very lean pork, and just the right amount of spice to boost the flavor without burning your tongue. Don't forget mom's chicken-pot-pie and the very nicely done eggplant parmesan with fresh mozzarella and basil...both to-die-for. The crepes are delicious, and you can't go wrong whether your craving is for sweet or savory. Really, you can't go wrong no matter what you order.  Plus, DJ's modern yet cozy ambiance is warm and inviting, which makes it a great neighborhood spot. So, needless to say, yeah, I think this place is great. I've been disappointed by so many other restaurants, but this one never fails to impress. Kudos to the brother duo that own and operate this fantastic restaurant.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2008,10/27/2008,67,174,3,5,5>Finally!  Finally it was my turn to eat at the place I'd heard so much about.  My boyfriend took me here for our belated Valentine's dinner on Saturday night.I just love the ambiance--the brightly colored walls, the fresh beautiful flowers in clear glass bottles, the Cuban cigar boxes on the walls.  We had to wait quite a bit for our table, but that just gave us an excuse to sample each of the mojitos.  We sure do love mojitos!  I had the mango (can't go wrong there) and the blackberry.  Both were equally delish.  He had the mango, pomegranate and pineapple.  It would be hard for me to pick a favorite.The amazonian woman with the beautiful tattoos is still the hostess--she's really a kind person who did everything she could to make us feel special in a crowd of people.  When we reached our table, our waiter promptly brought another round of mojitos and we ordered our meal.We started with the plantain chips.  Both sauces and the avocado mash were perfect.  For my meal I had the paella.  The boyfriend had the duck--vaca frita style.  It was some of the best duck I've ever tasted.  My paella was the perfect size for me--not too much and not to little.  We ordered the tres leches cake for dessert and the waiter also brought out a special dessert they had made for Valentine's Day.  It was a beautiful shot of chocolate mousse.  I dug into the mousse with much anticipation--once everything hit my taste buds I realized the irony of serving it in a shot glass.  There was more liquor in there than chocolate!!  We placed bets on what the liquor was.  It was too strong for me to eat!All in all a wonderful atmosphere.  Great food, tasty smooth drinks, and a prompt and funny waiter.  Great night.  I'd love to go back!Oh, and I'm stuck painting the bathroom now--I lost the liquor bet.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,10/26/2008,72,567,7,7,6>I usually judge a Chinese restaurant by the number of Chinese people dining there; I figured Chinese people must know something about their own food.  I usually skip the Chinese restaurants with few or no Chinese folks.  However, this rule cannot apply to Super Star as there are people of all ethnicities dining there (Martin Luther King Jr. would be proud), but is still one of my favorite Chinese restaurants for dim sum.Having lived in California, New York, and China, I've had my share of dim sum places.  I really think Super Star has a great variety in their menu items, more than your average pork shumai and shrimp dumplings.  They have lots of seafood items (tailoring to the authentic Chinese palate) and they won't give you 1/5 of a shrimp and call it a shrimp dish either.  There is always a wait, but the wait staff is efficient and turnover is fast.  In the same sense, expect fast service when you do sit down too...kinda like that Soup Nazi episode of Seinfeld.  Don't worry, most of the wait staff are friendly enough to smile occasionally.My favorites (don't know any names, so you must settle with my descriptions): fried shrimp ball on a sugar cane stick, white crepe filled with beef and covered in soy sauce, tofu stuffed with shrimp, scallop dumplings, chicken steamed in glutinous rice, clams in black bean sauce, eggplant stuffed with pork, and coconut jello pudding with red beansLots of people seem to like their chicken feet dish, but I usually skip that 'cuz I'm a chicken myself (and wouldn't want anyone to eat my feet).
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2008,10/25/2008,105,103,52,22,13>So first off-  This is not a review for a penis cake, but they sure have those if that is up your alley (pun intended)...Le Bakery Sensual did a fantastic job on a birthday cake that I got there yesterday.  I was in charge of a cake for a surprise b-day party being thrown at a sushi restaurant. The cake artists there put together a cake that looked incredibly like a piece of sushi.  It was visually appealing and tasted really good too.  The sushi chefs and everybody at the party thought it was the coolest thing ever and the even the chefs took pictures of it.One star off, cause it was pretty expensive.  $120 for a cake for 15-20 people.  Seriously.  This is not cake for people on a budget.  And... I feel compelled to confess a couple of non-flattering stories about my maternal abilities.  I brought my 2.5 year old when I was ordering the cake.  Well, why wouldn't I?  It was Sat. and I was running errands like ordering a birthday cake for a family friend, not on Colfax trying to find an 8 ball!  (and please don't get uptight about  the negative Colfax reference.   I live 2 blocks from the Fax and am pretty sure that the used condoms and empty 40's in my parking space give me a license to talk shit about it- K?) Anywho...I wouldn't hype this as a kid friendly place.  Two stories that my son will likely be telling his foster parents are:1) I sat down at the look book table to pick out my cake.  Trying to keep everybody happy and occupied, I flipped through one book and gave Jr. his own book to check out.  I was really enjoying looking at all the creative cakes that the bakery had produced when my son loudly declared -This one is icky mama-.  So I looked at his book.  Holy orgies batman!  He was expressing his disgust at a 6-way orgy.  This is some DIRTY cake people!  I immediately removed that book from his hands and replaced with age appropriate pics of Elmo, Thomas, etc.  I'm still waiting for my mother of the year award on that one.#2)  While I was occupied formally placing my order and providing deposit, my son wandered over to the display case that had several anatomically accurate male and female genitalia cupcakes.  The human body is a work of art right?  So what if the kid sees a marzipan shlong on a cupcake.  He has one of his own version anyway right?  So, he starts saying -mama it's a hand- repeatedly and exitedly.  Without looking back, I assure him.. -no baby, that's a penis- He is insistent that it is a hand.  When I turn around to assess the anatomy, I see we are both right.  It is a female hand gripping a penis.  On a cupcake.I know this has been long review (pun not intended this time).  So I will summarize.  If you want a straight cake, a gay cake, a Thomas cake, or a sushi look alike cake  I recommend Le Bakery Sensual.  And bring your money, but maybe leave the little ones at home.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,10/24/2008,2899,601,1,15,7>Adorable, whimsical, totally cute......and the gelato is good too. How did I not know this giant....creamery can was just behind Lola? Where have I been? Tried the mojito lime mint gelato last night - yummmmmmmmm -and my friend had some red hots berry flavor that reminded me of this tea my mom drinks (not my fave) but there are some delicious flavors of ice cream and gelato to be had here. And it's so damn cute. Their website says they are donating a three ounce scoop of rice or beans for every scoop of ice cream they sell. In their first 7 weeks, they had already donated over 20,000 scoops to fight hunger. Cool, people.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2008,10/23/2008,7,34,4,5,6>Hail to the King!Oh, BK, how many half-asleep mornings have I been awoken by your food?  Breakfast King's 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast are standard fuel for a trip to the mountains, hangover cure, anything, really. There is no bad time for BK.  The hash browns, oh my god, the hash browns.  Not shredded like Village Inn, the hash browns are fried chunks of potato that are just greasy enough to soak up the last of that half bottle of Jameson you killed last night.  The food here is pretty cheap, too, which is a plus for a broke-ass college student like me.  It's open 24 hours, so it's great for when you've got the munchies at 3.30 in the morning.  You likely won't get shanked, either, since it seems there's always a pair of Denver cops eating up.BK is the king, way better than Tom's or Denver Diner.  Enough said.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,10/22/2008,334,48,12,8,6>3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up cause I'm nice like that.After the copious amounts of frosting-flinging here on Yelp, we decided to stop by the Shoppe last night and see what the fuss was all about.  As soon as I saw the place, I got it.  You've got a cupcake place across the street, taking the spot of a previous coffee shop, that while nice, was completely sterile (aka the antithesis of Hooked on Colfax, across the street.)  And then you've got the Shoppe, on the same block as the Fabric Lab (designer boutique clothes), the Plastic Chapel (designer boutique toys), and a very cool little art gallery whose name escapes me.  Get it?The Shoppe represents the new Colfax.  Until last year, we had a house right down here on Harrison St. at Colfax, and the changes were happening before our eyes.  An abandoned gas station becomes Steve's Snappin' Dogs.  An old decrepit music store becomes the Atomic Cowboy.  It's the same change that happened on South Broadway a number of years ago, and it's awesome.  So tell me, why did we move again???So yeah, the Shoppe.  Contemporary, hip, and in-your-face.  Walls adorned with local artwork that is as insidious as it is delightful.  White tables with plasti-grass "growing" out of the middle.  Shelves and shelves of kitsch, both to peruse and purchase.  But a couple of things threw me.  First off, there was a flat screen tv mounted on the wall.  Now playing?  Some Rachel Ray special.  WTF???  While she'd probably find the place "yum-o", it didn't fit.  Secondly, as cute as the tables were, they kind of sucked for sitting.  Plastic tables + plastic chairs = wobbly experience.  But whatever, let's move on to the food.I had the coconut cream.  Wife had the carrot cake.  Daughter had the double chocolate kahlua super rich melt your head off.  And son had the rice krispie treat made with Trix cereal that was the size of his head.The frosting on all the cupcakes was def the highlight.  Rich, but not heavy, and avoided that "coats your tongue like Crisco" feeling that makes me not a big fan of frosting to begin with.  The cake, on the other hand, left something to be desired.  Tasty, but a little dry and a little crumbly across the board.  Room for improvement, for sure.  We all liked our choices, but I'm not sure if I'll be craving it in the future.Oh, and a sidenote.  In my reading about the supposed feud between the neighboring cupcake shops, I came across some parents aghast at the fact that there was a painting up in the Shoppe that showed a cupcake with a caption that read, "Happy Fukkkin Birthday".  Well, when we walked in, we saw it and immediately recognized it as the handiwork of our friend and local artist, Hyland Mather.  And guess what?  He's a parent, too.  Kid-friendly doesn't necessarily mean kid-centric.  Suck it.So this is Private Matt P., reporting live from the trenches of Operation Colfax Cupcake.  Over and out.Cheers!
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2008,10/21/2008,81,318,4,11,8>5 STARS -- From me?   Yes, The Teatro is about as good as it gets.Checked in for one of the those -- gotta get out of my crazy teenager's house ( if you have teenagers, you know, it's no longer your house).Check in:   Easy as pie-- Upgraded without being asked.  WowSuite:  Absolutely stunning.  Was upgraded to a Jr Suite, not the best in the house, but great for our needs.The bathroom is what made Teatro 5 stars.  Granite everything, flat screen, jetted huge soaking tub, shower for 2 with multiple shower heads.  AVEDA products !!!!!  Even came with an option to have a professionally drawn tub.  For $25 you can have the bath of your dreams, rose petals and aromatherapy.I cheaped out, and just requested extra Aveda bath salts, and made my own concoction with some bath oil I bought at the Body Shoppe.The bed itself was reminiscent of a cloud.  Soft and comfy.  Sitting area well thought out, with a work station attached to the wall opposite the bed.  The room was Wifi, and there was a printer hidden under the counter.  Just terrific !!Normally we would go outside the hotel for dinner, but Kevin Taylor had not 1 but 2 restaurants here, so what's another couple of bucks..right?I'll review the restaurant separately, but for those going to another restaurant, take the free Denali wherever you want to go.  I had a girl's lunch the next day, with a bit of shopping, and my driver was terrific.  He dropped me on Broadway, and picked me up somewhere completely different.  Just call the number and provided you're within a 5 or so mile radius, your ride is there is 10 minutes.Checkout -- Just as easy as check in .Money Saving Tip:  Call the hotel directly, and tell them you're a local.  They'll give you a discount.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,10/20/2008,22,74,2,11,6>Love love love this place.  The ambiance/decor is amazing- makes you feel that you're not in Denver but a little parisian cafe. Food was great. My friend had the mussels which they overnight from Maine and they were soooo good.  I had a Tomato tartlet which was delicious but I had entree envy and would have preferred to keep eating mussels.  They also had a crab ravioli on the menu which looked amazing but I'll try that next time. Wine was delicious - had a glass of sauvignon.  Service was slow - not sure if that's on purpose to be more european or if someone just didn't show up.  However it was fine by me- Definitely was a 2 hour dinner.For dessert my friend split an apricot tart with brown sugar ice cream.  Yummy! Would get this a million times over.  It took about 20 minutes to get our dessert so they actually gave us a complimentary glass of sparkling wine.  Which was unexpected but very nice. Can't wait to go back!!
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,10/19/2008,103,54,3,4,7>I love Coors Field. The seating arrangement really favors a great viewing experience. The energy and ambiance are first rate. While there are lots of things to love about Coors Field, the one thing that I think is one of the major standouts is The Mountain Ranch Club. Perched over the stands with massive windows to take in the expanse of the stadium, the action, and the crowds, it serves as a nice respite from baking in the sun or enduring a drizzle. There is a full-service bar (although the range of cocktails is not always first rate), and a great menu of appetizers and entrees. But, what is really important is that the beer is served nice and cold and in "glasses" not plastic cups. And, I mean beer cold enough to form icicles. Now that is what you need at a ballpark. While the true baseball fan might scorn sitting with his back to the action and taking in the game on a wide-screen TV, you are still there at the ballpark, but you are also elbow to elbow with your friends and family and visiting with the friendly (if rather frenetic) bartenders. After sitting in hard plastic bleacher seats, it sure is nice to sink down into a comfy chair with beer and food at hand. And, having a nice "restaurant-style" restroom up there is also a bonus -- come on, as nice as a facility as Coors Field is, no one likes the regular restrooms!
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,10/18/2008,97,90,,8,3>Sure it's an express pizza joint combined with a gas station and a Post Office, but hey.... the pizza is great!After watching an episode on the Douglas County channel 8 where The Garlic Knot Express was featured we thought we head out for a drive to Waterton Canyon and get some pizza on the way.  Again, when pulling up you're not sure if this is a gas station, PO or a pizza joint, but really who cares.  You're there for the food.The shop is small with a few booths and tables, but the smells are fantastic.  The staff if nothing short of friendly and offers up some great suggestions on their menu, which includes subs, pastas, calzones and desserts.  We opted for the lunch specials at $4.99 a piece.  The first special is two slices of cheese and a drink and the second is one slice of cheese and five, yeah FIVE garlic knots with a drink.  I opted for the second special and so glad I did.  The knots are perfectly baked dough knots with just the right amount of garlic butter and salt.  Honestly I could have gone without the pizza, but was impressed.  Neapolitan style pizza without the greasy mess you find yourself in when eating an Anthony's pie.For those of you living in the Roxborough area there is delivery available, however not sure of the hours, again being found in a gas station.Love you Garlic Knot Express!  We will be back on our next trip to the canyon.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,10/17/2008,52,137,1,12,6>Garden geeks beware. This place can be hazardous to your pocketbook. Paulino's offers a HUGE variety of perennials, annuals, indoor plants, trees, shrubs... you get the picture. Also big kudos go out to Paulino's for having a great xeriscape section. I'm also a huge fan of their herb tables - tons of variety. Whenever my horticulture-geek mom comes visiting from MN, this is the first place she wants to go. Hard-to-find plants abound and it's hard to leave this place without taking some new plant home.Tip: Big price reductions are taken in late summer/fall but the selection isn't as good then. Better to buy the rare in the spring and then return in the fall for the more common items.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,10/15/2008,69,28,1,10,7>i just stopped in here for the first time for a cappuccino break from a lovely Saturday morning walk in a rainstorm. I'm so excited to have found such a cute, independent coffee shop just a few blocks from my house!Geez Louise! is a brightly colored, sunny little shop that brightens up a somewhat bleak section of east Colfax. The owners are incredibly friendly, and I was amazed at how crowded it was with couples, moms, and kids even on an especially dreary rainy day.My cappuccino came just how I love 'em--in a big, wide glass mug with lots of thick foam. I also had an amazing 'everything' bagel, encrusted in a thick layer of asiago cheese. Dude.Geez Louise was a great way to start a weekend!
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,10/14/2008,260,513,9,13,10>I am still in the after glow of an orgasmic meal. If I smoked cigarettes, I would be lying in bed right now smoking one. It was that good!After the Yelp event at Meadowlark Bar, three of us went to Tables for dinner. First off the waiter recognized my Southern accent and we bonded immediately. He was from Arkansas and laid on that Southern charm and that down home Southern service. Second, it is one of the first evenings this Spring we could sit outside to dine and that alone gained a star. However, if it had not been pleasant outside, the new addition (they bought the Pampered Pooch store front next door) would have been fine by me because Tables no longer seems so cramped and loud. Third,  the nightly cocktail was a cucumber infused vodka with elderberry something or another added and garnished with a cucumber. YUM!. (It went well with the Yelptail from the Meadowlark). Fourth the Spring menu had some great choices along with a nightly special of Rocky Mountain trout. We started the meal with a salad of baby spinach, blueberries, papaya, and blue cheese dressing. My Southern friend split the salad three ways to accommodate us. We then split the Tuna tartare with avocado, scallions, ginger-soy vinaigrette and wonton crisps. Dinner choices were two for the trout and I chose the Little Neck clams, pesto, bacon, spaghetti, and Tabasco-tomato vinaigrette; I carry Tabasco in my purse for emergencies so you know I was in heaven. I cannot even begin to tell you how delicious that meal was. I would have dipped the rest of the bread in the sauce if I had not been so full. Both Amy and Dustin, owners and chefs stopped by to see how things were. It was just perfect!And fifth, Rachel Ray picked Tables as one of her favorite restaurants and featured it on Tasty Travels. You know she is not going to blow her reputation on a bad place. So, 5 stars. What else can I say but I will be ready for another go as soon as I rest up.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2008,10/13/2008,101,138,11,21,23>Sometimes I can get a touch on the side of long winded.I can hear my wife sigh, roll her eyes and mutter, "Sometimes?"So be fore warned, I am going wax a little philosophical before I get to my actual review.  If you would like to read just the review, scroll down and skip this crap (look for ACTUAL REVIEW).Life is about expectation.  Everything.  So many times you are either disappointed or pleasantly surprised based solely on your expectations.  Movies, relationships, jobs, and most often... food.  If you read 17 great reviews about Frasca, go there and have a server who is obviously not happy to be there and makes your experience less than it should be, you will be disappointed at all the 5 star reviews.  'Sure the food was good,' you'll say, 'but the service was shit.'For this reason I try to look at each meal and each establishment with as much of a level head as possible, but sometimes a place gets past my "bias defenses."  The Rock Rest Lodge is one of those places.  Had a number of people told me it was the most amazing bar ever, I would have been sadly disappointed at the self service, the dim-witted bartender and the not-fastened-to-anything flyaway umbrellas on the deck (we had to dodge three of them while we were there). I could have easily written a 3 star review.But because I found this place by accident... I loved it.  I went in with zero preconceived notions about the service or food quality.  ACTUAL REVIEW:The food portions and quality were great... and at the price it felt a little like I was robbing them.  They have something like 36 beers on tap, including Barmen, a rare treat for me.  The baked beans were good.  The croutons for the salad were home made.  The pork sandwich was cook slow as were the ribs.  If you love BBQ like I do, you can tell when it has been handled with some care and when it was thrown together to please the masses (cough... Brothers... cough)The atmosphere was classic pub... open areas to not sit, but stand.  Some games tucked away in corners. The deck was big and open and when its a perfect day in CO, I have a new place that I would like to go sit outside... because I can't blame the server for being slow... I'm in charge.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,10/12/2008,72,133,8,9,5>Ferrari doesn't make a station wagon, and if it did I wouldn't buy it because when you buy a Ferrari you've got to buy a sports car.Sesame Chicken is the Toyota Camry of Chinese food. It's ubiquitous, reliable and white people like it.(Will I make more car analogies in this review? Buckle up!)When you combine something reliable like the Camry with the performance of the Ferrari, you get lost in an auto metaphor.However, when you combine the Imperial and Sesame Chicken, you get the best Sesame Chicken in the United States. Bar none.When you go to the Imperial, they HAVE other dishes but you come here for the Sesame Chicken.Now I haven't been to EVERY city with a significant Asian population, but I've been to most of them. And this Sesame Chicken beats theirs HANDS down.If you are looking for Chinese food realism, you are better off heading to China because Americans tend to shy away from dishes that are featuring congealed Duck blood - and I like to think for good reason.The service here is perfect.Perfect service is this:A)There is a maitre'd who is in charge of making sure that his/her waitstaff is providing impeccable service.B)This aforementioned impeccable service consists of the waitstaff tending to their guests without being oppressive. Water should be constantly filled, guests should be happy with what they ordered, food should come out at the same time at the temperature that it was when it left the kitchen. Drink and appetizer orders should be taken promptly after seating guests.You would think that list wouldn't be that hard to fill, but the service at most restaurants is atrocious. Your waiter forgets about you, your appetizers come out at the same time as your entrees, your ice clinks as it melts, forgotten by your flummoxed waiter.None of that happens here. What happens here is Amazing Sesame Chicken, and incredible service.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2008,10/11/2008,28,59,,5,7>I chose this place for my birthday solely because of its reviews on Yelp.  I had heard of it before and wondered if it was worth the hype.  Fortunately, it did not disappoint.  We arrived somewhat early for our reservation, but were seated as soon we got there.  My wife had mentioned that it was my birthday when she called and the host wished me a happy birthday (worth a few extra points).  This place had the type of service I expect of nice restaurants: they leave you alone and keep the pace slow.  I hate being rushed through a meal or making my decision off of the menu.  If I want to be rushed, I'll go to Olive Garden or Chili's where they can rush you since it doesn't matter what you order because it all taste like manufactured crap.  But I digress, our waiter was excellent.  He was extremely polite and professional.  I asked for a recommendation for the sea scallops and he not only provided a wine, he asked if we wanted to sample it.  I love it when restaurants do this.  This always earns points from me. He explained why he thought it was a good pairing, and he was right.  My scallops were excellent, every aspect of the dish was perfect.  For dessert, I had the peach cobbler.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't that exciting.  The flavors were relatively bland.This made me wonder, if I'm rating a restaurant, and I'm giving it 5 stars, it has to wow me on every course.  That's hard to do, so it presented the question, why don't we rate courses and not just entire experiences.   So we went around the table and offered up our best dessert at a restaurant.  I ask you, what is your favorite place for appetizers?  For drinks?  For dinner?  For dessert?  Let me know.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2008,10/10/2008,9,75,7,4,4>As a rule, I dislike large venues. Frankly, they attract too many idiots, and I just don't want to know what idiots listen to the music I do.I've been here once for a music festival and it was pretty good. There were lots of douchies out, but that didn't detract too much from the bands I went to see.ParkingWe had to have parked downwind from a septic tank outlet. Yuck.Security.They made me peel my freaking oranges. Yeah, I was bringing in orange-shaped bombs. Or orange-shaped vials of drugs. And she had the gall to look INSIDE the orange once I had peeled half of it, to make sure that nothing illicit was hanging out inside. I had brought food so that I wouldn't have to buy your overpriced crappy foods over the course of the 10 hours we would be there. I think she got bored of rummaging through my bag, because after I opened up the oranges, she peeked in the bag again, frisked me, and let me go. At least be consistent. If you're going to make me peel my oranges, at least make me taste my honeydew and slice my baguette. One thing that was awesome though was a cop eating an orange creamsicle. Yes, I was jealous.AcousticsNot bad for an outdoor venue. The rocks flanking the place give it some weird reflections, but the reflections aren't coherent so there's no slap echo. Normally, it's freaking loud. Bring ear plugs. If you don't have ear plugs, you will use tissues, or toilet paper, or napkins, or fingers, or pebbles, or whatever will fit in your ear canals and is within reach. The steepness of the seating and layout of the place means there's no rear reflection, so that's a plus.TicketsOnly popular bands play here. Prices are a bit more than at a comparable large indoor venue, but the fees will get you. Damn you live nation/ticketbastard. They don't have their own box office, so you have to go through these rapists.Red rocks, I want to hate you but it's not your fault.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,10/9/2008,110,188,,11,6>I love this service!  I put it on hold in the summer months when I regularly make it to the Farmer's Market, but I really enjoy it the rest of the year.  If CSA's are too expesive or confusing, or you just can't get to the market regularly, this service is awesome.  We do the medium size box, half veggies, half fruit, for a little over $30.  It comes right to our door once a week!  I have had to put it on hold before for vacations, and it is totally simple.  Only once did I get something that got bumped and wasn't high quality, and they immediately credited me the $ worth of it.  They support local farmers, and in the winter if they need to, they suppliment with a farmer from CA, and a farmer from Chile.  It's a pretty good set up for eating as local as you can.  And it's affordable  for all that wonderful organic goodness.  This last year they have started posting recipes too, so when you get something in your box and you aren't sure what to do with it, you can get suggestions.They have a list you keep under your online account, where you can check "NO" to certain veggies or fruits you never want them to put in your box.  This is nice if you never want something like Kohlrabi etc.  that you wouldn't know what to do with.I have no complaints!  I highly suggest giving them a try.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2008,10/8/2008,120,135,6,13,11>I heard the beat as I turned the corner. My feet started to move and the rest of my body followed. Beta lured me in with the possibility of good music. The atmosphere is what kept me there. When I first heard a real spot was opening with the guys from Beatport I figured it would be good, but what I didn't consider was just how good it would be! Several floors of great energy, cool lighting, and a great sound system, plus an outdoor lounge area with couches and POOLS?!?! Craziness and fun waiting to happen! I love that they bring in big name djs. DJ Z-trip spun on 4th of July weekend and kept it kicking all night long! It's as close to Chicago as it could get without even being remotely snooty or pretentious. Though the dancefloor seems a little desolate at first give it time, before you know it you're surrounded by tons of peeps who are there FOR THE MUSIC, the drinks are good too, but it's nice to have a place to dance where I'm not getting knocked into by people who are there to just get drunk.This is my kind of scene, thank you beatport for brining this to Denver, I don't know what I did without you!
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,10/7/2008,713,203,13,20,18>I've driven by here so many times and never stopped before today.  It's true what they say, you can't judge a book by it's cover.   I had it pegged as a P.F. Chang's wanna-be.  I was way off.  It's a cute little, casual Asian place that's so surprisingly delicious!It's very laid back atmosphere is refreshing for lunch.  You must order at the front counter (kind of like Noodles and Co.)  and then they will bring out your order.  The dining room was very comfortable and cute.  Nothing fancy but nice to look at.Here's my favorite part, when you order your dish they will ask you what kind of rice you want, brown, white, or fried.  They also asked if I wanted it in a combo (with soup and egg roll) or by itself, and how spicy I would like it.  How refreshing to have so many good choices.The menu is very nice, with lots of yummy choices.  I will definitely be back to try many more delicious dishes.  On my way out I noticed that they have sushi too.  I can't wait, and it's so close to my work.  It's like finding a hidden treasure.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,10/6/2008,114,168,2,4,7>The menu is much better than a basic bar menu, and some of the dishes are named after the owner's Beagles!  How can you not love a place that does that?!   I absolutely love the garlic fries and the mini cheeseburgers. The thing that brought me in the first time was the art work.  The original, large, unusual paintings are fantastic!  The deco boomerang light fixture is beautiful.  Even the funky leather belts on the bathroom doors are great!  I love everything about the decor of this place - very well done.What has me coming back, even though sometimes it can be a bit too packed full of loud chads, is the friendly staff, the board games, and the old school hockey game.  It's so fun to sit and goof off with a table of friends here, while drinking some good beer!
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2008,10/4/2008,29,61,1,7,5>All-around one my favorite italian spots in Denver. And this location, particularly, not only because it's not Cherry Creek, but because it feels more trattoria-esque than the other location. The inside, like most 16th st. eateries, is small, but perfectly lit--both naturally and not--and carries with it a clean and airy aura. Even though the inside dining area is teeming with small tables, it doesn't feel as though it's overpopulated--aye, even the bar (seats four, maybe five), has a European vibe. That is, the milieu feels as nurturing & fresh as the food tastes. For the sake of the weight of my billfold, i often have to talk myself out of eating here. Not to say it's expensive, but, considering my penchant for light fresh pasta, it's just affordable enough that I'm tempted to eat here once a day. I'd address each dish, but that would take too long, and, with the declining attention span, would be a lose-lose for us both. I'll just give you the highlights:Caprese and Bruschetta, both stock appetizers for Italian (and hodgepodge) restaurants that are occasionally butchered with bunk "fresh" mozz or soggy/burnt toast, respectively, are prepared flawlessly here.Pasta:Penne Arrabiata (garlic, peppers & basil with gravy)Tagliatelle Emiliani (prosciut & mushrooms with pesto)and, of course, the Lasagna & Ravioli.Pizza:I don't think anyone could strike out with any of these...Skip the Maggianos, Olive gardens, and even Anthony's. Do it up proper here
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2008,10/3/2008,41,132,3,8,6>Perhaps I should not devulge our secret corporate meeting place for happy hours but fellow yelpers should be aware of a great deal and fun place to simply drink. The Red Room was recently renovated and Rabbi, the owner, insures the patrons recieve large portions of mixed drinks, wine, for LOW prices during happy hour. We have weekly "business" meetings at the Red Room simply sitting at the bar while Angie pours goblet size to the top house wines two for one price for happy hour. The cheeseburger sliders have crispy buns, perfectly cooked meat, and 6 of these are $9, good for the ride home.  Yes, it has the coveted dive bar atmosphere we secretly seek with a younger group of beautiful barmaids whom seem awfully good looking for the Red Room-hhhmmmm. Plus, the sidewalk flow of interesting people make watching a real trip, not many suits in this area.A typical happy hour of 3 glasses of wine for 2 people is about $7 each, and I mean these are 12-14 oz babies. (this includes a good tip)- but cannot guarantee everyone gets the same deal as we have become regulars. We do enjoy great wines, gourmet food, live music, this is NOT the place for these features-if you are looking for great value, especially for happy hour, check out the Red Room and say hello to Rabbi!
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,10/2/2008,456,160,1,7,8>Everybody has written this place up. All the reviewers have reviewed it. Famous people from more famous places have talked about it on their show, in the book they wrote, etc. So with all this pre-exsisting hype why am I writing another review? Let me tell you. In 1988 there was a concert at the Aztlan theatre I was attending with several friends, I had not eaten and found a small hole that smelled like the amazing street vendors selling tacos I had discovered while touring Mexico. It is not the same clean well lit building they are in today. No, it was the office of a used car lot and garage that had closed years before. At the time, and for a while after there were Very few white folks eating there. This is where many of us learned to eat carnitas or lengua tacos.  Today I went for a burrito with my vegan business partner. I had the same awesome food today as I did then. The green chile and the salsa are EXACTLY the same. This small place has been making some of Denver's most coveted food for 2 decades and they didn't go all "Chilpotle" with some success under the belt The same woman who made my first smothered relleno burrito made my smothered relleno burrito today. And it was just as mind-bogglingly delicious today as then. This is why I have given you five stars for today, for yesterday, and I'm betting for the next twenty years as well, El Taco. Bless you all!
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2008,10/1/2008,133,419,5,14,8>It was the sweetie's birthday last night, so we headed on down to Littleton for one of Colorado's most talked about restaurants:  Opus.  After reading the menu online, I was excited to try it, as chef Michael Long is reputed to be one of the best in our fair state.Unfortunately, our visit fell way short of expectations.  When I drop $100+ per person at a dinner, I expect to feel pampered - a little spoiled, even.  I love lavish service, witty banter with both waitperson and sommelier, and tasting the chef's creations.  It's all about attention to detail!  From the get-go last night, it was all wrong.First of all, the ambiance in this restaurant is nothing more than something like an Italian trattoria.  With mustard walls, elaborate sconces, white linens, and comfy formal dining chairs, it seems lovely - until you notice the cold concrete floor and exposed brick.  Even though the dining room was never full by more than half, the noise level was significant.  I can't imagine how it would have been on a busy night!  Speaking of ambiance, one diner was in shorts, a t-shirt and flip-flops, while another answered and talked on his cell phone - definitely not indicative of warm and welcoming ambiance at a fine dining establishment!We settled into our table in the corner and perused the menu.  You may choose either a 6- or 9-course tasting menu, or order a la carte.  The sweetie and I wanted to do the 6-course tasting with wine pairings.  However, the first course was scallops...which neither of us like particularly.  So, we asked our server if it would be possible to swap something out, just for the first course.  He went and asked the chef.  Answer:  no.  I was shocked!  You can't switch out scallops for a beet salad?  Or cheese?  Or something?  That's just plain weird.Not to be daunted, we chose a la carte, along with some wine and waited for the magic to happen.  We waited for a long time.  My water glass was empty more than once, wine took a long time to arrive (and when it did arrive, we got white wines served in red Bordeaux glasses - huh?), bread took even longer.  Once we had our wine, it was several long minutes for our first course (beet salad and cheese plate) to come out.  We kept looking around, confused, because the restaurant wasn't even busy at 7:30 pm on a Tuesday!  Why the heck was taking everything so long?Both of the first courses were excellent - VERY generous portions of cheese (which is good, because it was $21!), but really skimpy on the bread.  Beets were lovely.Second wines arrived.  Poured into the correct glasses, hurrah!  Second courses came out and we were pleasantly surprised at the huge portions!  My french onion filet was cooked to perfection, and the sage mashed potatoes were delicious.  Sweetie's bourbon-soaked pork was succulent and tender, and it came with the most amazing gratin of sweet potato and onion (would like to attack an 8x8 pan of that sometime!).  Wines were excellent and really enhanced the food.Dessert was lemon cheesecake baked in a mason jar (creative!), and some Riesling-soaked peaches.  Both were delicious, but the cheesecake was the star!  Right before the desserts came out, our server came over and said he had a birthday treat for us - a wine pairing for dessert!  "How nice!", we thought - really appreciated the gesture, and I thought it gave a nice tone to the evening, especially since the service had lacked all night.I was very surprised, however, when we got the bill!  Our generous server had CHARGED US for both of the dessert wines!  At the tune of $26, it was significant, and I was pissed.  It's a birthday treat, but you're charging us for something we didn't ask for?  WTF?  At sweetie's request, I didn't make a scene.  However, we vowed not to return, and I swore to share my experience with Yelp.It's a pity - the food here is wonderful, and a great value for the price.  But apparently, they don't know how to appreciate a customer in Little-town.  Definitely spend your $100+ per person elsewhere (I'd go to Mizuna in a second over Opus!).Food - 5 starsService/Ambiance - 1 star
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,9/30/2008,190,159,24,32,21>Nestled in the same building as the Colorado School of Traditional Chinese Medicine and the Massage Therapy Institute of Colorado, Izba Spa is a little Russian oasis right off Colfax Avenue. For my birthday, my girlfriend gave me a gift certificate for the Izba Spa Special--1 1/2 hours total with a hot tub session, massage, and one Russian Banya session. The first two you probably know about, but the last is something distinctly Russian. Actually, the whole experience is.Everything you need is in the same treatment room. After a nice hot soak, you hobble over to the massage table and get ready for the rubdown. My therapist was a big guy, originally from Kazakhstan, who liked to talk about life. My girlfriend had a different therapist who also like to talk about life. I have a feeling this is a tradition.I wanted to ask my guy what he thought about Borat, coming from Kazakhstan and all, but then I thought "don't make the big guy mad while you're naked, prone, and he has his hands on your neck." So, we talked about how the marijuana growing in central Asia will make you hallucinate.My massage was great. He had strong hands, but was never caused pain ... except for when he stretched my legs. I have preterhumanly tight t-bands, so "individual results may vary" as they say.After the massage came the banya. Basically, it goes like this: you lie down in the sauna and heat up for a minute, he adds some essential oils of peppermint and eucalyptus to the heater, clearing your sinuses with the steam and warming you up even more. Then, brings in what are essentially pom poms made from oak leaves, soaks them in water,  gets them good and hot over the heater, and beats you with them.Okay, he doesn't really beat you. It's more like brushing and patting. This delivers the steam and heat, invigorates the skin, and all that good stuff. It felt great, but you have to be okay with heat. I was born on a hot and humid day in July, in a room without air conditioning (my poor mother), so I'm used to heat. You'll be sweating for sure.But no worries, the beating is followed by a bucket of cold water.Hmmm, sounds like an interrogation, doesn't it? Well, I was so relaxed, I could have told you anything.[More on banya at en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BaAfter a shower, I came into the waiting room to find a nice cup of herbal tea and some cold crisp apple slices. Best apple I ever tasted.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,9/29/2008,79,79,6,8,11>Okay monumental moment in my breakfast world: I have officially found my favorite eggs Benedict! First of all this is by far my favorite breakfast food. I literally try it at every restaurant I go to. So on Saturday morning when I went back to Lola's I was so stoked to try the lobster Benedicto. Let me break this down for you people. The base is a sweet warm biscuit, the succulent lobster is generously placed on top with claw meat, not the crappy tough tail the creme de le creme of the lobster, then a perfect poached eggs is the next layer and that is elegantly topped with not one but two excellent sauces. The first sauce is in true Lola form, a smoked corn hollandaise sauce and the second is a bright green pesto? Thank you Lola, I can die now.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2008,9/27/2008,44,87,4,5,5>gas station meets bar!I love that.the bottles are neatly arranged just like oil cans on shelves all over the bar; everything is clean and shiny, like a Texaco service station from 1955 in Hill Valley.  back in a time before the clock tower was struck by a bolt of lightning.(1.21 gigawatts, to be exact)the burger is so tasty.  the fries come in a reused crabmeat can.  and are goood.I'm looking forward to spending some nice summer evenings on their patio.  and ordering something different than the cheeseburger that I order every single time.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,9/26/2008,13,77,1,10,7>Most of the other steakhouses I've been to in Denver don't really hold up when compared to this place, at least when you consider "value" into the equation.First, the food: I've only eaten steak here, but every time it's been great. Juicy, perfectly cooked (I always order medium rare), and some nice variations too. The sugar steak is good, but not my cup of tea. They offer some sort of peppered steak (can't remember the name) and it's quite good. The sides (potatoes, mushrooms, etc.) are comparable to any restaurant. Also, the flower garnish served with your steak is edible (somewhat fruity, interesting flavor).Next, the service: On par with many finer steakhouses in Denver - I've eaten at the Chophouse, Del Frisco's, Morton's, and a few lesser quality places, and Bastien's is similar. It's probably a half-a-step behind the top tier, but it easily blows away other "ritzy" places I've been too (like the Cool River Cafe).The ambiance: Cool, retro, cozy, but not too formal. Like a lot of places in Denver, jeans are OK here. However, don't be surprised to see dress pants and collared shirts. Lots of character for sure, and worth visiting for that reason only.The best aspect of Bastien's is that you and your date can have a near-Del Frisco experience at about a third of the price. I'm usually able to buy a couple of drinks, an appetizer, and a couple of nice steaks and walk out for less than $75. If we're trying to eat right (read small steak for me and salad for my GF, no appetizer), I've gotten out of their for less than $50. It's an excellent deal.The worst aspect, if there is one, is that Bastien's isn't really that close to anything. I live in Capitol Hill, so for me it's a quick trip, but I understand it might be out of the way for others. The other complaint I've heard is that the restaurant is in a bad neighborhood. This couldn't be farther from the truth - east Colfax isn't a place I'd want to stroll around late at night, but it's not as bad as some people think. The parking lot is well-lit, there's lots of on-street parking, and Bastien's is surrounded by very expensive homes.I tell everyone I know about it - I think it's the best value in Denver when it comes to a steakhouse.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,9/25/2008,245,483,7,4,10>A good hot dog is very much like good sex...they both leave you glowing afterwards.  Biker Jim busts out some of the best cart food in Downtown Denver.  With wonderful combinations of reindeer, buffalo, elk and more, this no frills eatery will have you coming back for more.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,9/24/2008,614,1007,,8,10>This review is based on the Darfur exhibit which opened Monday Aug. 25, 2008 (solely). I had not been to this gallery previously, and I was really impressed with the show and with what they pulled off in under a month.  Fantastic opening night! If only Denver had events like this more often. Huge turn out, press, the govenor, and lots of guest list only delegates who broke away from the DNC long enough to check out the photography exhibit.4 artists/ photographers put together a stunningly vibrant look into what's going on in Sudan today.  The work that stood out the most to me was the artwork the children of Darfur had drawn (shown visually by digi-canvas at Mia Farrows section). Graphic drawings of machine guns pointed towards homes with bloody aim at the innocent people inside. Shocking, yet necessary to see through a childs eyes, the horror of the genocide of Darfur. Great exhibit - great stand for human life!
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,9/23/2008,154,252,2,5,6>Oh my goodness, is this place great! Whether you stop in for a quick lunch or for a coffee break, you won't be disappointed.The coffee is great. I ordered a mocha to attempt to get rid of my middle of the day headache. It wasn't too sweet, which I like.  Other places (i.e. that nameless Seattle-based chain that starts with an S) sweeten the coffee WAY too much.  The prices are reasonable, what you would expect at an independent coffee house.  The sizes are small, medium, and large. Simple.This place also had the most creative coffee sleeves that I've seen in a long time.  It's a small informational speel about the Anti-Defamation League, that values diversity and encourages folks to steer away from derogatory names. I love it.I ordered the turkey muffaletta, which an employee told me is in high demand. I can see why. Yum, delicious, tasty, extravagent, cheap, decadent, etc. You get the idea. The sandwich starts off with this amazing rosemary bread (kind of like the bread at Macaroni Grill). There's also the basics... lettuce, turkey, tomato cheese. Ok. Then there's this amazing, chipolte mayo on one side, and DELICIOUS tapenade (a Greek olive paste if you've never had it) on the other. It's a beautiful mix in your mouth as it travels down to your stomach.There isn't a lot of choices for made to order sandwiches, but it's a coffee house. What do you expect?  There are some already made sandwiches in the refrigerators, along with a big selection of juices and waters.Curious also has smoothies, which I didn't have a chance to try yet, but the flavors sound tasty. Check out the website for more information.The only complaint I have is that the inside is quite small, which makes it kind of hot; however, there's plenty of outside seating on the patio if you need some air.  The service was friendly and quick. I will definately return.Curious Coffee Company, I think I have a dietary crush on you.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2008,9/22/2008,190,292,11,6,7>Per Tiffany's suggestion, Lily has graciously volunteered to give her take on the place. So, without further ado, a review  of Alto from the perspective of my 9-month old daughter:as//////////////////j;fo ws 033333333333333jf oiennnsHmm. Perhaps I should type.Mom had a tough time finding parking and used some four-letter words I'm sure to repeat as soon as I'm able to talk, but we did wind up getting a good street spot and finding the restaurant quite easily.The seating was especially comfortable at the back of the restaurant; It's really too bad that not everyone gets to sit on laps on a regular basis, because between Mom, Jess, and Mary Jo, I was quite happy with how I was positioned.As far as the food goes, I was a big fan of the bread. Mmmmm, bread. I could eat bread for days. Mom attempted to give me some gorgonzola cheese, but I'd rather just stick with eating my socks, thanks. Oh, and my hands - they're tasty. Ooh, and other people's hands - also quite delicious.The bathroom was quite clean and spacious. As they didn't have a changing table (a swank bar in downtown without a changing table? YEESH), Mom had to get creative, but it worked out just fine. I'm sure the other ladies that came in the bathroom while we were in there truly appreciated the rousing rendition of the Alphabet song Mom was singing.Mom seemed pretty happy with the other adults sitting with us, so that's good. I'm happy when she's happy. She got a kick out of the cranky band guy trying to bring in his equipment, and she only felt bad for a moment when she told the Project Angel Heart lady that the sign outside Alto read "Project Angle Heart," so that's cool.Would I go back? Ehhhhhh, maybe in about 21 years or so. Mom says she would, though. She said something about wanting to bathe in the gorgonzola fondue. Yay baths!
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2008,9/21/2008,1081,424,7,13,13>Ever since moving to Denver, I have wanted a decent market where I could eat healthy and that wasn't super expensive. Just like my Trader Joe's. Well I think I found it.Sunflower has truly become a lifesaver. We tried shopping at Whole Foods, but we ended up getting so little for all the money we were spending, so we decided to do most of our shopping at the Super Target in Glendale. It wasn't as fun and their extremely lack of healthy choices and quality bummed me out. You eat one way for years and now forced to eat another way is not an easy thing to do. The first thing I found that I loved about Sunflower is their deli section. I take my own lunches to work and they carry Boar's Head meats and cheeses and that's a brand that I know and love and grew up on. They don't have everything that BH carries, but it is enough to get me through. Their meat and poultry selection is nice and fairly priced. However it's their produce that I love. They have quite the selection of fruits and veggies and it's typically always fresh and ready to eat. I can't tell you how many times I've found nothing but green bananas at Super Target. Here I can actually buy a banana I can eat at that moment. They also carry all the soy foods that I've grown accustomed to eating and I'm happy to be back on them again. There are some foods that I can get for half the price at other stores and do so, but overall their cheap enough to where I save money verses going to a regular grocery store or Whole Foods. If this place didn't place didn't exist, I would probably continue to be unsatisfied with food and probably end up eating junk.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,9/20/2008,197,231,8,4,4>One day I think I'd like to leave RockBar and just check into the hotel that houses it, order some pizza and fall asleep on, what I imagine will most likely be, a vibrating bed.I think that might be one of the perfect endings for a night after RockBar.  A night that contains the following:-Sweaty Dancing-Sweaty Drinking-Sweaty Viedo-gaming-Sweaty PoolWhile I might not be painting the best picture of RockBar here, I want to make sure that everyone understands that I've had a great time every time I've been to RockBar.  It's great place to indulge in your cheap-beer-drinking, old-school-dancing, primal self.  The've opened a back-bar by the dance floor that makes getting a drink as easy as can be. Pretty much everything else is as described by my fellow RockBar compatriots.  See you there.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2008,9/19/2008,210,385,5,7,6>Wow... I am SO torn about Cafe Cero! I really, really wanted to love it. I mean, the place itself just DRIPS cool, with its vintage Brit-pop-rock posters and funky Old-West-Meets-London-Pub decor. But our night there was filled with too many Thumbs-Up, Thumbs-Down moments for it to score top honors. Too bad. Thumbs-Up for Tex, the tattooed, cowboy-hatted bartender! He was friendly and attentive and just a really cool guy.......but Thumbs-Down for the skinny blonde female bartender. She was a beeyotch. Several times my friends and I were left standing at the bar, ignored, while she lounged in the corner talking to someone. Oh, and it was only about 7:30 pm, so there were like THREE people sitting there. It's not like she was slammed. Then, when she condescended to come over, she was all, "do you want something?" No... no... I'm just standing here with three empty bottles and a handful of empty shotglasses for my own enjoyment. By the way, YOU'RE WELCOME for bussing your tables. Plus, when my friend asked her for a side of ranch dressing, she was met with a chilly, "I'll get to it when I can." Needless to say, the dressing never came. Thumbs-Up for the bathrooms! In a divey sort of place like this, they're usually really scary. Given that it was still early in the evening, they were remarkably clean though. Sure, the smell was a little antiseptic, like there were some Super-Max-Power sanitizer cakes lurking somewhere within, but hey... that's a good thing (I guess). Plus, the murals were cool, there was next to no graffiti, and there was a full-length mirror......but Thumbs-Down to that mirror. It was a Fat Mirror. Thumbs-Up for the Potato Croquettes! Deep-fried cheesy mashed potatoes, what more could you want..?...but Thumbs-Down to the fact that they were out of almost EVERYTHING else on the menu. Really? On a Thursday at 7:30pm? No veggie lasagna for my vegetarian friends. No fish dishes whatsoever for my pescetarian friends. And NO CURRY for the curry fries! Unforgivable. Thumbs-Up for re-cooking our fries with no complaints! They came out the first time stark white and kind of raw inside. However......a Thumbs-Down for serving them to us that way to begin with. And the lack of curry wasn't mentioned until after we received our order, and there was some sort of mayonaissy remoulade set in the basket where the curry should've been. Bummer. But since I don't want to leave the review on a sour note (and as I mentioned before, I really DID want to love this place), I'll leave you with one last Thumbs-Up for......the beer! It was cheap and came by the bucket. Six of the Mexican variety (a "suicide") for $12 or six of the Bud variety for $13. And we all know that beer makes everything just a little bit better.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2008,9/18/2008,118,148,2,4,11>I know that this review will get lost in the thousands that I am sure Tattered Cover has gotten, but I am going to write it anyway. I started coming to the Tattered Cover when I was just a wee little las. The Cherry Creek one, which, much to my disappointment is no longer. My reward for not being too bratty while my mom had her shopping day in the city was to peruse the entire basement of children's books while my dad had a nap in a nearby chair. My mom would take the stairs up to interior decorating(which, yes is it's own section), or art, or the vast selection of novels (my mom has been known to read a book a day) and my dad and I would take the elevator down to the basement. If I have a slow day downtown I go to Tattered Cover. I start in the coffee shop with an expertly made drink and move to the children's section. What is a 25 year old doing in the children's section you ask? Reliving childhood. Going back in my memory to that elevator ride hand in hand with my dad. That moment of glory when the doors opened and the books, paper dolls, and stuffed "Wild Things" came in to view. Then I wander around in awe; intoxicated partly by memory and party by the sheer quantity of books at my fingertips. Gets me every time. I know that sometimes they don't have EVERY book you could imagine, but the staff is super friendly and I would much rather have them order in a book that I want and have an excuse to come back. Any reason to get lost inside my own head.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2008,9/17/2008,3,21,,4,4>I've been going to Mannie & Bo's for years and now I crave the food.  The prices are very reasonable and there's nothing better than an ice cold cherry coke in those huge red coca cola glasses when you are eating a big calzone!  This place is even great for larger (5-10) groups.  Do take full advantage of the variety of ingredients for your pizza/calzone.  Do make sure to help yourself to popcorn (straight out of the popper in the bar) as an appetizer.  Don't go if you are in a hurry.  Don't expect a fancy restaurant.Oh, they also deliver!
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,9/16/2008,51,71,,7,4>with a ridiculous name like "french 250" you'd think this place would be bland and, well, french.you'd be partly right. it is french.and utterly fabulous french too. possibly the best food in denver since tante louise. i would rank this restaurant, without hesitation, next to frasca and mizuna for exquisite cuisine.the menu is a lengthy, beautifully over-designed magazine, complete with tissue paper to separate the courses (the owner is not only a foodie, but also a printing and binding fetishist) and contains some rare french delicacies for denver: frog's legs, rabbit, baby seal etc.we had a foie gras, pine nut and arugula salad (which would probably kill you in three seconds if you have allergies) and the tuna (triple A, sushi grade, kobe-fed, cage free, politically correct and all organically raised on a lovely iowa farm), which was seared to perfection and nestled on a succulent bed of micro-olives and thinly sliced potatoes and onions, surrounded with a delicious pool of blackcurrant glaze. incredible. the affable patrick found the right pinot noir for us and in fifteen minutes we were ravenous for the next course.they offer several options.cheese by the ounce (complimented with candied walnuts and toast circles, which would be better as true "points", as the menu states), a sorbet palate cleanser, and desserts that mr creosote (look it up) would gladly explode for.oh, and the bouche amusee, which was a teeny slice of tuna on a little bread circle with miniature greens, tasted like that wonderful smell of an old horticulture shop - fertilizery, but sweet and welcoming.it's hard to find because it is below street level where bistro adde brewster used to be between 2nd and 3rd on steele in cherry creek, but it is the best new place i know.the atmosphere could be improved with something a little more romantic; pin-spotlights for the tables instead of the overall dull glow of floods, maybe a candle or two to light the eyes of the beloved across the table, and some consistency amongst the larger hanging light fixtures (currently an exotic blend of louis XIV brothel chandeliers and sleek modern low voltage flutes). nothing seriously wrong here though.and in case you are wondering if 250 refers to the street address, well it does, but it is also the average cost of the tab for five courses and a great bottle of wine.go.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,9/15/2008,44,137,,7,9>OMG I have a new favorite restaurant!!  I LOVED this place.  The decor is amazing, the food was fantastic, it is romantic and lovely.  I can't wait until I get to go here again.  The bathrooms are super funky, have to make sure you check them out.  I love the way the amber windows give the place a cool glow as the sun goes down.  The pork belly was so amazing, I can't even begin to tell you.  I also love the 1/2 glasses of wine, gave me the chance to try more types then I would have normally.  Also, they put these cute little tags on the wine so you can take that with you.  No worries about trying to remember what you had, so you can buy it later.  My only complaint was that the service for wine was a tiny bit slow, but that is ok, everything else way exceeded my expectations.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,9/13/2008,2,14,,4,6>I'm giving the Merc five stars because it's ALIVE.  How else can a cafe stick around for 20 years.  Finding The Merc in Denver has helped me stay here!  A slice of Bohemia in this sports-oriented city...  I go to the Friday night poetry open mic from 10-midnight.  You never know what you'll get there--a complete variety of personalities and writers.  It's a real community of people who completely support each other's work and uniqueness.  Food: sticking to the specials is good advice, although I really like the bean & cheese enchiladas.  For desserts I stick to pie or puddings 'cause I don't love the wheat-free cake.  Whatever.  The food is secondary for me.  And I like the wait staff (I'm never in a hurry when I'm there--you shouldn't be either).  If you want a straight-on restaurant experience, this might not be your place.  But if you want some funky, artistic, soul-feeding atmosphere, come on over!
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2008,9/12/2008,15,37,3,5,3>Being a somewhat frequent business traveler (and, about a year ago, frequent "leisure" traveler to this fine destination), I have navigating this airport down to an art...if you don't have to check any bags. Listen and follow, children.1) PRINT OUT YOUR BOARDING PASS PRIOR TO LEAVING. Early check-in is the best thing ever. 2) If parking in the main garages, park at EITHER END. Generally the far end (North) is the most empty. Contrary to what you may think, it's not further from anything. Also, attempt to park on Level 4. Level 5 is the security gate level. - No garage is better than the other. They are both equally crowded.3) Head toward the elevators and remember the AISLE LETTER you're parked in (the animals only tell you what floor you're on! You have to remember the letters, too, if you have any hope of finding your car). Try to head in a straight line toward the closest elevator to avoid confusion later on, and remember the number of the door you're going through.4) Head straight to Level 5, and then go straight into the main terminal. If you parked at either end, you'll be at one of the security lane entrances. (The Clear line is at the North end, I believe). - ALSO, on Level 6 there is a bridge to Concourse A on the North side, perfect if you're flying Frontier. There is a security gate there as well, and it's generally less crowded.- BUT make sure you check the monitor for gate and time info; DIA experiences frequent weather-related delays.5) Some airports are a bit more lax with the liquids requirements etc. than others. DIA is not lax. Have all your liquids in a SEALED Ziploc.6) After going through security (excluding the bridge security), you'll get on the train that will take you to your concourse. Get on either end of the train. When you arrive at your concourse, the escalators are at the ends of the train.OK, so this was less of a review and more of a how-to guide, but really...it's an airport, and when you have almost 70K of frequent flier miles, you are burnt out on the friendly skies. It's not going to get any glowing recommendations from me, and if you're in the Denver area you really don't have much choice. Signs are clear, the airport is generally clean, and of the airports I've been to, it's one of the better ones. But that psycho blue horse with the red glowing eyes freaks my sh*t out. I keep expecting it to go on a rampage in search of Sarah Connor.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,9/11/2008,7,117,2,4,2>I've been coveting German food ever since I walked past Cafe Berlin about a year ago, but never found myself in the vicinity again until recently.  We took the LightRail into Denver to gawk at the DNC and the, erhm, eclectic crowd it draws.  By the time we had pushed our way through the signs and crowds of hippies and S.W.A.T. teams we were ready for a meal.  Right as I commented on how hungry was, I turned to the left and lo, there was Cafe Berlin right across the street.  Fate had delivered us to what would be an immensely flavorful and hearty meal.The surroundings are pretty humble - definitely not the overpriced glitzy feel of 16th St., thank goodness.  But the waitstaff, seemingly bored, were very kind and sat us with an appreciative smile.  We were there for lunch, so prices were very reasonable.  I had the Wiener Schnitzel, a lunch item which came with a choice of two side dishes - I chose the German fried potatoes and the spatzle.  Friend had Kohlrouladen with the sauerkraut and the cucumber salad.  First, don't think the Wiener Schnitzel is like a sausage.  It's, as they say, a "Breaded Veal Cutlet", maybe a little roughly cooked but still delicious.  The spatzle is flavorful and nicely textured, and the German fried potatoes are a little bland but definitely top off the meal for any foodie that could walk away from the rest of the food blasphemously hungry.  The Kahlrouladen is flavorful, but its texture is really amazing, almost inspirational.  And the sauerkraut?  Like nothing I've ever had before.  I could eat it by the ladle-ful between meals.The beer selection is strong, if limited, though I'm much more prone to buying my imported beer at a store and enjoying it in the comfort of my own home.  But if you've got some disposable income to chuck around, go with the Spaten Optimator.  The desserts do look good, but honestly, after the main course I felt like I had just swallowed a granite boulder whole.After I went home, I curled under a gnarled tree root and hibernated for a few hours, before waking up in a potato surfeit stupor.  But it was a satisfied stupor.  Sadly, I'm moving away from Denver in a few weeks, but I'll definitely put Cafe Berlin on the return list whenever I find myself back in Colorado's capital.
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,9/10/2008,39,141,7,6,5>I had lunch at Green today and while standing in line with my friend Collin I had a sudden memory jog! Picture it... girl dressed all cute and professional walks over to Green from her Larimer Square office. She picks up a salad and in an effort to be a little "green" herself says, "I don't need a bag - I'll just carry the salad!" Walking back to the office she starts to daydream and whilst staring sideways at a store window catches her professional little shoe on the sidewalk and nearly takes a tumble! Noooooooooo - there goes the salad! All over the sidewalk, all over her outfit, all over everything except for her hungry stomach. DARN IT!Said girl carefully "sweeps up" the salad as best she can and is about to return to the office when she decides she is still hungry and goes back to Green to order another salad. Sheepishly standing in line, a girl behind the counter recognizes the girl (and probably sees some lettuce hanging from her shoe) and says, "Weren't you just here?" Upon hearing the sad story of the salad, she gets a sympathetic face and says - "I will make you another one on the house!" Such is Green. A really nice, friendly place to get a lunch time salad. I had lunch at Green today and it was good. I had the Asian salad - which includes peanuts and snow peas, an interesting combo! I do like the concept of Green and I noticed that they have a lot of "green" concepts in place for recycling, which is pretty cool.Luckily I returned to the office today with my salad in one piece (and not a hint of lettuce on my shoes...) I will be back!
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,9/9/2008,7,24,1,11,5>Imagine my luck. A few former staff members at my favorite restaurant in metro Denver (Sherpa's Adventurers in Boulder) have opened a restaurant. In Louisville of all places! While they are not directly affiliated with Sherpa's, the menu is nearly identical and the quality of food is on par. I would say the service is a notch above Sherpa's. In addition, they have a fabulous lunch buffet every day ($8.95), which is worth the drive from Denver in and of itself.To those of you seeking traditional Indian food like you would find at most restaurants around Denver, you will not find that style of cooking here. The style here is based on a Tibetan/Nepalese preparation, which lends a lighter, fresher taste to the dishes. You will find the traditional dishes (tikka, saag, daal, tandoori, etc) but you will notice a difference in the preparation.The saag is out of this world, with a freshness that you will not believe. I've sampled a variety of the menu and have never been disappointed. The service is slower paced, which is the tradition in indian dining. The staff could not be more friendly or accommodating of special requests and the atmosphere is lovely. The only drawback of the restaurant is the patio area. It is small and is surrounded by patio dining for the adjacent restaurants (DQ, Spicy Pickly, Chipotle) so it is not nearly as serene as the patio at Sherpa's.To sum it up, the food and the service are top notch, the atmosphere leaves little to be desired, and the prices are very reasonable.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2008,9/8/2008,476,701,14,6,2>From the perfect first date to the marriage and now possibly a divorce, I think I have to spend my taco budget elsewhere. Just too damn salty the last few times. It's been maybe 6 months ago since the first time it happened. But twice more out of the three or four times I've been in here it was the same deal. Sorry love, but this isn't working out. But I do like your sister in Aurora.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,9/7/2008,342,357,11,5,7>I am so glad we decided to go to the Dragon Boat Festival this weekend.  It was a blast.  We went early on Sat. morning, so we beat the crowd and the heat.  Double plus for us.  The food was pretty good, and fairly cheap for festival food.  I had a huge plate of pork fried rice, honey glazed 5-spice meatballs, and a fantastic egg roll for $8.00.The beer was pretty cheap, and proceeds went to benefit a Donkey Rescue (The lady wittingly said "thanks for saving our asses!" as we walked away with our frothy Blue Moons).We took it all in and were out of there by 12:30...right when loads of people moved in and the sun was in full force.  We came.  We saw some cool races and performances.  We even saved a couple asses.  We conquered.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,9/6/2008,27,89,,10,8>So six years ago we go to the Dumb Friends League to get a dog.  We come home with a cat.  My husband picked the cat out, he was really sweet but had ear mites and conjunctivitis.  Not most people's first pick but what can I tell ya.  It winds up the cat doesn't have conjunctivitis but Feline Herpes.  Yeah, I didn't know cats could get that either.  Our kitty has been through the ringer over the years.  Our doc at TCFAM has been amazing.  The whole staff is so caring and gentle.  Our cat recently got really sick while we were away and Aubrey, our doc, spent hours on the phone with the vet where we were reviewing labs etc.  The cat pulled through thanks to Aubrey.    Since we're there so often, their like family now.  You just know they really care.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2008,9/5/2008,0,515,,4,4>Yelp was a help.  My wife and I decided to find a new restaurant and picked tappas from the choices of cuisine.   We ended up at the 9th door.  When we got their - without reservations - we were told a 3 hour wait.  So we looked around and Vesta was right next door.  They had a 2 hour wait but a full menu if we sat at the bar - and away we went!  Ahi tuni roll appetizer, Tofu entree and scallop entree - both of which were fantastic.  I can't remember the last time I had an old fashioned cocktail - twice :)  The cheese plate with dipping sauces for desert was a great end with a glass of port to a very nice evening.  I would return.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2008,9/3/2008,11,12,8,6,7>I discovered this little gem years ago as I was stumbling out of a drunken breakfast at the old watercourse.  I'll be the first to admit that I'm far too easily impressed with anything (boys, the grass, my dog, seriously anything) when I'm drunk, so when I came back for a sober visit, I was expecting it to fall far lower than my drunken experience would lead me to believe.  Not so, Pandora! If anything, I was more in love with it sober...which is a feat I've yet to accomplish with much else.Whether I'm going in to find cute little thank you notes, my very favorite apron in the whole world, or a super last minute gift, it's the perfect place.  I have been going to a lot of weddings lately, and I absolutely refuse to purchase anything off of one of those god-awful gift registries. Thankfully, Pandora has allowed me to purchase cute tasteful gifts without having to ride my bike to Bed Bath and Freaking Beyond for a mind numbing trip around the store where I end up finding three forks and a bathmat that I somehow have to wrap tastefully.  I adore you Pandora!
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,9/2/2008,82,178,5,7,8>After we moved to CO from NYC almost 6 years ago, we ended up here for dim sum. We were glad to find such a place and consoled ourselves that this was a reasonable replica of dim sum we were accustomed to back at east coast chinatowns. We ate at King's Land several times over the next year or two...until...we realized that Empress was the dim sum joint Denverites called the best. Oh, this was maybe 2003, and Empress was cleaner, busier, and the dim sum was hotter, fresher and tastier! Except maybe once or twice, we never went back to King's Land for years.And now, 2008, everyone and we have discovered the feast that is Super Star. But based on a little info from Lori M., I decided to see what's up at King's Land, rather than wait 30 mins across the way at SS. And ya know what? King's has up'ed their game. Yeah, it was still pretty dingy despite the fact they may have done some renovating, but the dim sum has clearly improved. I supposed they'd have to make some changes, pronto, with SS sucking the life out of them just across the shopping center.Not the selection of SS, but most everything we ordered was pretty hot out of the carts, and tasted pretty good, better than King's Land of years past. And it seems like they're even trying to up the service, with our waitress checking on us frequently and seeing if we needed anything else, more than ANY dim sum meal in my recent memory. If ya know, sometimes dim sum is a game of trying to find a server, anyone, to help you. You'd think they're trying to avoid you on purpose...However, this is just one visit the past weekend, so I'll need to return to verify they're really gotten better, and then update my Yelp. And ya know what else? Some things never change - just like i remembered, the men's bathroom was flooded - ICK! Do yourself a favor, relieve your bladder at your next stop.And that plate of Peking duck with steamed buns, hoisin & scallions I spotted coming out of the kitchen as we were seated? Gots to try that next time - pics to come!
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,8/31/2008,16,34,,6,5>Best steak in Denver- hands down, perhaps even best steak house anywhere.  My family was in town for the weekend and I wanted to impress them with my knowledge of denver restaurants, and I am so glad we went here.  I ordered the filet with a Kona Coffee dry rub. Everyone at our table commented that my steak was the best steak they had ever seen.... I told them if they thought it looked great to just imagine how it tasted!  It was cooked to perfection and each entree at our table was fantastic. The chive seared salmon was delicious, as were the side items and the salads. My favorite part was the dessert, so many choices and all of them were great.  We ordered 4 of them and passed them around.The service was fantastic and the place was beautiful and fun.  Plus we got to shop the great stores on Larimer street.   This is the perfect place to take a steak lover.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2008,8/30/2008,10,94,7,1,1>This place is probably the only sandwich shop to make me cry...literally. See, this one time I got the "heartburn", which failed to live up to the promise explicitely implied in the name. Instead, this sandwich made me the target of laughter for the remainder of the afternoon after I cried like a baby after only three bites.You think I would have guessed what I was getting into--the sandwich includes such ingredients as horseradish chedder, sauerkraut, and spicy mustard. Occasionally my half-German side gets excited at the prospect of food such as this. But this time I bit off more than I could chew (pardon the bad joke). This friggin sandwich was so spicy it could have eliminated Hitler before he even invaded Poland. Some may ask why I give Chedd's such a high rating if they created such a horrible reaction in my taste buds. Well, I respect a restaurant that takes on flavor with such passion. Plus, the other sandwiches are pretty damn tasty. And I think they have orange soda.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2008,8/29/2008,3,6,2,8,5>For those of us stuck out in Lakewood, it can be difficult to find a really good cup of coffee, much less espresso...However, Lube and Latte seems to have just that, as well as a full service car garage!The owner and his wife apparently decided that they were tired of getting their cars fixed at ugly and dirty car garages, and thus they have the most beautiful waiting room I have ever seen at a car garage...The bathroom is gorgeous and clean!The coffee is amazing, the breakfast sandwiches are delicious, and best of all, I never feel scammed when I go in for car work...All my customer interactions feel very honest, and they have never tried to sell me something I don't need...
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,8/26/2008,17,31,3,10,9>WOW, all I can say is wow. Top to bottom this place is dynamite; Excellent thoughtful service; full, well prepared menu and dishes; great post modern atmosphere. This is located in the Highlands Ranch Town Center near the Tattered Book Cover. I have driven by this place for the past few years and never made it in. Any restaurant that has made it two years is saying something good for highlands ranch, especially a non chain. The atmosphere is a nice blend of industrial architecture, interesting lighting,  and flame elements to add ambiance. Very soothing and strangely warm. They have a patio with a huge fire pit and ample sarape's (Mexican blankey) to battle the evening chill. Additionally they have a nice big bar and replete with comfy lounge and social big table to mingle at. All of this sounds like a nice romantic place or a trendy yet welcoming restaurant which it is. The food is a nice modern new Mexican with plenty of creativity and flavor. The bread they serve come with a Poblano butter which is sooooo good. We tried the flash fried avocado with pico de gallo and that was sooo tasty and neuvo mexicano, a superbly done appetizer. My wife had the ceviche tacos which she made disappear in no time flat. i had the Buffalo burger because I am lame sometimes but it was the best burger I have had in Denver easily, nothing comes close. My father had the Texas chili and a spinach salad. My son who was being a royal stinker didn't want anything from the kids menu full of favorites so the waiter asked him what he wanted which was a burrito, the waiter then had the burrito specially made by the culinary master in the kitchen.  Our waiter had mind reading skills and never left us feeling anything other than well taken care of. We havent had a waiter of his caliber in years. The family left stuffed, full of praise, and planning our next trip back to the Old Blinking light. South Denver Finally has a dining reason worth driving to!
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2008,8/25/2008,61,89,3,6,6>There are a few bars that become more than bars to you... where the memories you've had there make it more like someplace you've lived than a place you just head to for a nightly beer or two.For me, Gabors is this place. While it's pretty much your standard issue dive, with typical "Old Hollywood" posters, cheap beer on tap and the usual crowd of surly regulars and young neighborhood denizens, Gabors is special to me for everything I've experienced here. This is a bar I've laughed and cried in, thrown up and nearly fallen asleep in, met my best friends in, rung in two new years in and even made out in. A perfunctory food note: the burgers and nachos here are to die for, and for such a simple, typical bar there is an astonishing selection on the menue (Fried olives and mac and cheese! Hell yes!).So yeah. I can't promise this will be that bar for everyone else, but even when this place is long gone, Gabors will live on in my Cap Hill memories.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,8/24/2008,28,28,5,4,3>Salon No Dice, you temptress, you vixen. Because of you I ended a long term relationship with a wonderful artist, but after just one haircut my guilt melts away. Karen, not only do you cut a mean head of hair, but you OWN the place. A place that allows creativity, openness, and joy. Sure, you gave me a great haircut that day last week, but you also made me feel at home. You have a gift with scissors and with conversation. Even your fellow artists talked and laughed with (and sometimes at- justifiably) me. We had more than a haircut, we had a good time. I feel as if I started off disrespectfully. I just walked into your place at 6 on a Friday, expecting there to be someone there right away to cut my hair. I was almost expecting to be told no so I could drink my pain away at Spot and then go back to my previous hair artist down in the Tech Center. Maybe I was setting myself up for rejection- I mean, I was in the middle of the death rattle of a long hair cutting relationship (oh Yoshi, I'm sorry). But you wouldn't let me leave, would you? Liz stopped her haircut right away, looked in the scheduling book, and told me to come back at 6:30 for an appointment with Karen. At that point, I knew there was no going back. Karen, you did not let me down. You have mad skillz, used clippers on the metric system, had huge razors to provide texture to my hair helmet, and applied hair products that provided hold without being crusty or stiff. And for that, you have won my loyalty. To most, this might just be a rebound fu... I mean cut. However, I really think this could be special. You and your hair styling jezebels have won me over. Like Confucius said, it takes a village to cut a head of hair. At Salon No Dice, they take this seriously, and I will forever be grateful. By the way, Karen gets bonus points for being able to influence the weather. During the cut she talked about how much she loves the rain. When I stepped outside, it was that biblical rainstorm last Friday that dropped 2 inches of rain in an hour. Normally I would chalk that up to coincidence, but since it hasn't rained in Denver since 1969, I give all the credit to Karen. Also, they have really cool business cards, the guys from American Psycho would be dying with Jealousy. xoxoxoxDave
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2008,8/23/2008,0,8,4,2,2>North is the official yuppie-stomping grounds of the cherry creek area. Dont take your 90 year old grandmother or your 3 year old kids there...its just not that kind of place. Its loud, hip, filled with people who will make you feel subconscious about yourself, and is priced accordingly. If you are looking for traditional Italian food, I hear the marinara is delicious at the Olive Garden, this is modern and most likely different then anything you have had before. Although other reviews bash it, the tomato mozzarella salad is one of the best i have had, and has grilled pieces of fresh bread mixed in with all the aged balsamic. The chicken lasagna which isnt lasagna was surprising and amazing, I would highly recommend it. I have been several times and haven't tried a bad thing. But seriously, its expensive** not overpriced, there is a difference. You are paying for the atmosphere big time. Check it out
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2008,8/22/2008,122,182,7,8,9>Big Shiny Space Ship on TOWER! Oh Snap its a classic old school dinner, Looks alone draw you in. You wont be disappointing this is a good restaurant serving good food with good portions! Mainly I have been here for breakfast after a soccer game with my kids, and bonus on the weekends Kids eat free 1 per adult meal. Decadence: Banana Bread French Toast WOW! Two items alone that are worth eating, now combined this meal is deadly. WARNING you gain weight just looking at it. They have all the regularly expected breakfast items and some nice skillets that are worth the try. Every meal I have had here has met expectations nothing has been dam that was so good with the exception of the Banana Bread French Toast but that's a treat you only order every now and then.So ever driving out on tower to DIA  the DUMP, or playing X-Files stop in and grab a bite.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2008,8/21/2008,3,21,3,9,4>I'm giving it four stars because we were trying to have fun on the cheap and as such didn't get to experience a lot of the amenities (room service, McCormicks, the spa) that make it unique and could really make or break the experience. But definitely on my return!Hubby and I were celebrating our 3rd anniversary. He's always cooking up surprises for me so I thought I'd try my hand at it. I heard about the Cruise Room and figured my martini-loving husband would enjoy a real martini bar, and frankly I needed a night away from the neighbors. Listening to small children scream and pound on the walls, while serving as excellent birth control, is not romantic. Having a quiet night in as their parents blast gangster rap is also difficult. So I secretly packed a bag and managed to keep the plan under wraps until we got there.We drove to the lovely Oxford Hotel and valet parked. The staff was very helpful and wonderful, even after we screwed up like country bumpkins and didn't tip the guy taking our car. D'oh. We did tip (and tip well) the rest of the stay. I had a mental image of him parking our car underneath another car out of vengeance... Speaking of country bumpkins, we really just looked like the poor college kids we kind of are but we were treated just as well as everyone else, which I appreciate since that doesn't always happen everywhere.The room was lovely--we chose one of the smaller "Art Deco" rooms and it lived up to its name without being overly cheesy. In fact it gave me a little inspiration for my decorating. Plus they had the same shower curtain as us, which inspired me to yell, "Oooh! We must be trendy!" from the bathroom. There were lots of nice light reds and dark woods which gave it a romantic feel--plus reddish lighting makes your skin look great. :)Hubby dug the plasma screen TV--we've been using a 13 inch TV while we save our money for an upgrade, so anything bigger than a phonebook was a welcome change. The Bose stereo and iPod dock was also very nice for listening to our own tunes while we got ready. We used the free WiFi to check out some breakfast places in walking distance as well. (And for the Facebook status update: "I'm in a nice hotel! OMG!")The bed was great if you like a big squishy mattress. Which I do upon occasion. They also have a pillow service if you don't want the squishy feather pillows they give you; big body pillows and buckwheat and the like. Hubby turned the thermostat down to 68 (holy greenhouse effect Batman!) and so I made use of all the lovely blankets (my fave part of a hotel).There was a mini-bar; a first for me. (Woo-wee! We're in the big city now, y'all!) We didn't use any of it ($2 for a can of Coke? I heard these were pricey but jeez!) but there were some goodies in there. If you really need a lot munchies I'd bring them with you, there were just some hippie cheetos, nuts, and cookies. (I suppose you don't need a lot of cookies when you've got all that nice booze in there too.) In fact we walked to the train station right up the street and bought Cokes from the soda machines later that night for a much better price. Another first for little New Mexican me: the machines took debit cards! Ooooh! That's another review altogether I suspect.Being new to the city and new to cities in general we didn't walk around a ton after we left the bar at about 10:30 because we just weren't quite sure what we'd get into. But it seems pretty close to lots of good bars and restaurants. There was a gallery of contemporary Russian art next door I thought looked pretty cool. I think once you park your car with them you probably won't need it the rest of the night. If you really do they offer a towncar service. For the nitpicky: The lobby smells like fish because of the seafood restaurant, even with the giant stargazer lillies they've put everywhere. This is the only part that smells though so no worries.Also, we got to hear a few interesting characters on the street at night. If you're looking for utter silence I'd bring earplugs, especially since the room doesn't have one of those old-school air conditioners directly under the window that blocks out even your thoughts when you turn it on.Overall, a lovely stay which I would definitely repeat. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a romantic getaway or a luxurious crash pad after you hit a martini bar (or two)!
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2008,8/20/2008,114,246,2,3,10>A Haiku Review:Highlands NeighborhoodPlenty of parking nearbyDuo fits nicelyTo app up or not?Portions are smaller, so YES!We should have done soDuo's Fried Chicken                      Flatiron Steak-YUMCrispy, juicy, flavorful                     Every dish smelled greatShould have ordered you              Worthy of plate licksYou must get dessert!Lemon Frozen Icebox CakeSublime lemon chillYes, all in all we were very impressed with Duo.  The service was excellent, the food was gastronomicalicious, and the desserts are out of this world!  Our only complaint is that the portions were a little small for the price.  We weren't sure if we should have ordered a starter or two between 4 of us. We all agreed after eating our main that we should have ordered some apps, that perhaps that would have left us feeling more satisfied.  We shall return!
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2008,8/18/2008,63,116,10,5,8>Best cupcake shop in Denver.My fiance and I are cupcake nerds and we've hit every specialty cupcake store in town. This one takes the cake without a shadow of a doubt.I was grumpy the first time we went in. Not for any real reason. It was a Friday and I'm typically just tired. Matt wanted to try LC cupcakes and I just wasn't feeling it for some reason. And then we went in and I saw that all the cupcakes were pretty much the same color (read: no food dyes) and I still wasn't feeling them.So we bought six and took them home.I don't know why I thought that they would be inferior. I think I just wasn't feeling cupcakes for some reason. And then, I took a bite. Damn, girls! These are not cupcakes. They are crack cakes. Plush cakes. Salivating cakes. Take your clothes off and run through the forest wild, cakes.And I love the owner. She's a tall Maggie Gyllenhaal and we think she's great.  Just go. And if you're feeling grumpy, buy six. Take my word for it.
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,8/17/2008,334,48,10,10,12>There's a Minor Threat song called "Small Man, Big Mouth".  Well, in the case of Little Man Ice Cream, *I'm* the one with the big mouth.Last night, after another wonderful meal at Marco's, the warm weather and not-yet-bursting belly inspired us to seek out "the Jug".  I couldn't remember the exact location, so we headed over to LoHi (I just learned that term; color me hip) and started looking.  We finally turned a corner, and there she was, a larger than life tribute to what we steal from Bessie, and turn into an artery-clogging scoops of ice-cold goodness.  Actually, the giant milk jug is an homage to the roadside attractions of yore, pulling in tourists with buildings modeled after their wares.  I'm not sure how many tourists are cruising Highlands, but I'm not complaining; it's way cool.The service was prompt, and we were quickly given samples while we made up our minds.  While the mint-lime mojito was tempting, I settled on the Mexican Chocolate.  I'm a sucker for anything with Mexi-Choc, and I was quite satisfied.  Probably doesn't beat Lik's in the flavor department, but I dug the spacious patio area where we were able to people watch and enjoy the cool breeze.My daughter just walked in and wanted me to add that she really liked it, as well.  In her words: "If you have a kid and they like cherries, then you should go to Little Man and get them the Cherry Swirl.  It was good."Would that be considered a "Minor Treat"?Cheers!
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,8/15/2008,72,567,6,8,7>During my move to Denver...Me: Do you think I need to pack my brown rice teas?My (Korean) friend Jane: Who brings tea bags during a move?  Dump them.Me: But I really like the Korean brown rice teas, I don't know if I can get it in Denver.Jane: There's a Hanareum [long for H Mart] here.After my move to Denver...I realize that there is no H Mart in Denver like their website indicated; it's actually in Aurora.  Liars.  Anyway, I still make the trip down there to get my brown rice teas...and marinated bulgogi (their marinade always turns out better than mine), kimchi (to stink up my frige), spicy pork bulgogi (to stain my white dishes), Biofeel yogurt drinks (nice cool summer treat), aloe juice (sounds weird, but we Chinese think it helps with P.M.S.!), and mochi ice cream (to curb a carb craving during P.M.S.).  They also have cool Asian fruits and veggies not available elsewhere, well, except in Asia.  I'm not sure about buying their appliances though, as I'm absolutely certain that you can get a rice cooker for less than $300 elsewhere.My husband likes this store too.  Just ask him how much he appreciates the aloe juice and sweet potato chips during that time of the month.1 star off: liar website
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2008,8/14/2008,82,77,2,5,6>This is the way pizza should be done. After a disappointing pizza experience at the over-hyped Marco's, I decided to try The Walnut Room. And it was excellent. I started with a simple but tasty house salad and I split a Margherita pizza. It was a perfectly thin crust pizza with flavorful sauce and fresh basil and garlic. The flavor is just outstanding and complex. I can't wait to go back, on Tuesdays from 4-6 they have a coin flip for your tab, so you can possibly eat for free. And, they deliver. I must note that this place is not the best for a sit down dinner. You order at a window and they call you up when your food is ready. So no waitstaff and they don't have plates, which is really strange to me. So, just plan on takeout or delivery or bring a paper plate.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,8/13/2008,202,266,3,6,5>Oh, wow!  Whoever thought of putting couches in movie theaters is a GENIUS!  My lovely date and I sat and snuggled the whole time after we ate our delicious sandwiches which, by the way, is nothing to sneeze at.  The veggie burger and rosemary chicken sandwiches were AMAZING!  And- you can drink!!  Not that I did, but at least I know I can!If they're showing a film you're interested in, please go and see it there.  Tuesday's are their discount ticket days where the tickets are sold at matinee prices all day/night long.  And seriously, it really is a great place for cuddling when you need it.  I'll be taking all my dates here in the future...I hope the staff doesn't catch on.Regal/AMC - what's the deal?!?!  Lame.  :)
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2008,8/12/2008,80,214,6,4,4>I kind of felt like I had walked in to an alter-universe when I stumbled across Boba and Crepes.  What an odd combination I thought.  There is hello kittie stuff all over the walls and strange plastic asian-esque serving plates and crepe holders.Crepes I always thought of as being a traditional French dish and Boba that funny looking drink with the black balls at the bottom?  I confess that in addition to wanting to start my own business and writing a book, my third lifelong aspiration has been to try the funny drink with the balls in the bottom.And I have to say, it's kind of fun!  The tea is bland and milky(I tried coconut) and quite refreshing on a hot day.  Apparently I suck at (sucking?) getting the black tapioca balls through the straw because there was a pile of them left at the bottom when I was finished.  I almost tossed the cup, but had an inside challenge with myself to get them out.  Fun in a fondue-eating lobster shell cracking sort of way.  If you like to work for your food, give it a try. The balls are kind of sweet and spongy almost like jelly bellies.Wikipedia has a good description of Boba if you're interested:  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BuI ordered a savory crepe and they used sweet dough.  Played it safe with swiss cheese, but next time would stick to desert crepes, because who can mess up nutella with anything?If you're curious check this place out it's a trip.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,8/11/2008,11,11,,10,8>I had a very good experience at the DFL when i went looking for a cat.  The place is very well kept, the staff was very friendly, and there was all sorts of awesome looking pets I wish I could have taken home with me.They have private booths where they'll bring your choice of animal over to so  you can spend some alone time with them to see if it's a match.  The staff person who was helping me was very friendly and informative on the notes they had on my baby girl.  They offered immediate testing of FIV and another type of illness, provided a collar and microchip implant for my cat.   It was an all around wonderful experience, despite the fact of seeing all those lovely animals locked in their cages.And thankfully, I got a cat I couldn't be happier with. :D
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,8/10/2008,67,174,,11,5>Nono's is a great little place for a relaxing evening sitting out on the porch--that is when its warm enough.  The atmosphere is laid back, but my server was great!  She was quick and friendly.I had the jambalaya for an app and the crabmeat au gratin for dinner.  Had I known more about the crabmeat au gratin, I would have just ordered that as an app and gotten a salad.  The au gratin was delish--gooey and cheesy and melty.  BUT that isn't really what I needed as my entree.  I loved it though.  My boyfriend ordered the lobster or shrimp bisque which was creamy and good.  He had Crawfish Monica for his entree.  I remember it being really good and perfectly filling.  I had food envy.  But the best part of this place was the sinful sweet beverage we had.  I remember warm summer evenings when my mom would pull fresh mint from her garden and make a mint julep.  I only ever had a little sip at that young age.  Now I'm happy to say I've found a place that makes fantastic mint juleps much like Mom's.  Watch out though, they're so good you'll just suck them right now.  I know--I had three!
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,8/9/2008,2899,601,3,8,6>This is not the place to visit if you have an aversion to fried food. Everything - and I mean everything - on the menu is deep fried - catfish, chicken, all the vegetables, even the desserts! Fried apple pie, fried cheesecake (my friend had it once and said it was delicious), and they even have funnel cakes. I sampled the chicken finger basket and it was delicious, the fries were hot and crispy, and the zuchinni and mushrooms were also tasty - very thick coating of batter. I'm not a big wing person, which Willy's is known for, but I will probably try some next week before Breafkast Club shows at Red Rocks. Mom'n' pop place with a sparse atmosphere (although there is a patio), airplane sized restroom, but great if you're in the mood to get your grease on.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,8/8/2008,79,146,1,7,9>This is pizza.  Period.The other food (wings, salad, & dessert) was fantastic.  This is a place where you want to go all the time, but at the same time want to not go to the point where it isn't special anymore.  Special wings?  YEAH!  Seriously!  They were just that good.Now for the rest of the place.  Fantastic wait staff (thanks Will for your humor and attentive service) and all the others who really took great care of our table.  Marco- great guy who loves what he does.  That is the tops in my book.  He LOVES what he does.  And being the girl that I am I checked out the bathroom and you can tell that they care about EVERY aspect of the restaurant.  These bathrooms are super clean, well thought out and you won't have a problem going back to eat with your fingers after visiting the ladies room.  Way to go!  The atmosphere was good and friendly.  I could see taking my kids or having a date night there.  It was just a good mix.  I will be going back again...and again...and again...
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2007,8/7/2008,15,14,9,11,8>In the Colorado Mexican food scene, some places are more scene (I'm looking at you Lola), others more Colorado (don't think I can't see you Rio Grande). But I always have a little place in my heart for the spicy burn of a real Mexican place.We arrive, slide into the el rancho picnic tables that comprise Patzcuaro's seating area and ask for a drink. "We have Mexican beer and margaritas" our waiter offers curtly, as if to really say, "Comeon guys. Do you have any idea where you are?" My girlfriend asks if they have wine. "Red, white or pink?" he wonders. She already regrets the question.But things get better as we dip the wispy-crisp chips into the murky brown and red salsa. This is no place for the timid. That stuff burns and the arrival of drinks is a welcome moment. The margarita lives in a giant goblet that must have been stolen from the Pirates of the Caribbean set and the drink itself is a bit too sweet. But it does the trick and it's not light on the tequila.The food comes quickly and it's just everything Mexican food should be. Layers of heat and spice and hearty flavor, the entrees send your mouth racing around trying to place the flavors. Savoring each mouthful, you figure out the sins of your middle class mother's Mexican food - lack of courage. And as I gaze into the eyes of the Poncho Villa, plastered in black and white on the wall, all braggadocio with a sword and swooping mustache, I tip my imaginary sombrero. I've joined the Mexican food revolution, and life is sweet.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,8/6/2008,72,133,3,3,2>You like-a the juice?Pete's is that kind of Greek restaurant.  Well except the waitstaff all speak English very well, and they don't cluster around you hoping that you've enjoyed your juice.Pete's actually reminds me a European Greek restaurant on the inside, it's cozy, small, warm, and the food smells delicious.The Greek Salads have tons of feta, delicious kalamata olives, and they use romaine not iceberg lettuce thank god.The lamb kebobs are awesome, super flavorful, and very plentiful.Now what you all care about: Gyros.The Gyros are delicious, thick, juicy, and their pita is really awesome here.The fries are actually good, which is a shocker since most Greek places have pretty weak fries.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,8/5/2008,55,60,6,3,7>Oh, Lair, my loathsome love. What can I say about you?The Lair is the King (AND Queen, depending on what night you go) of the dives of colfax. The original gangsta. the renegade masta. It is a true and authentic dive, right down to the whiff of drain-circling desperation you can smell from down the block whenever the door opens and some sad sack grizzled bit crawls out upon hands and knees. It is sordid, filthy, full of black velvet, and the walls are in places lined with band stickers of every description. It used to be one of the best places for live punk and raw rockabilly in all of Colorado:  it still hosts some pretty fine if low-rent live talent quite often. Live shows are intimate and New York subway-crowded.  And loud and drunk as hell on wheels. If you fancy yourself a Modern Drunkard, this is the place for you.Drinking on a regular night here gives one a good taste of 'fax culture at its finest; TV, jolly drunks both young and seasoned, good cheap drinks, fantastic specials, and if you're lucky, a royal asschewing from one of the punk-as-fuck staff when (not if) you drink too much. woot!
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,8/4/2008,52,137,6,8,4>This is the closest we have found to authentic Mexican street food. My hubby and I eat here on a regular basis. It' so good, It's like a little trip to Mexico, all while in the Highlands. Our favorites are the pork or combination pork/beef tacos and huaraches. The tacos come with marinated meat, cheese, 4 different kinds of salsas (all tasty), lime slices, and fresh corn tortillas. We always get a couple of orders so we can have leftovers the next day, but 2 people could probably share a single order if you are just looking for something light.Love Mexican food? You should make a trip here. That said, you should also know that I had to look up the name of this place because we actually call it "Scary Taco Place" (in an oh-so-loving way) at home. As in, "I'm hungry, you want to go to Scary Taco Place?". The answer, "YES!".Why "Scary Taco Place" you ask? The interior is BRIGHT orange and yellow and there are TVs blaring Spanish programming throughout the dining room. The patrons are a diverse bunch ranging from friendly neighborhood families to slightly less sober denizens looking for some snacks before going home to pass out on the couch. We've gotten stink-eye (from patrons and staff alike) here a couple of times, so we prefer to get our food to go so we can eat it in a slightly less abrasive atmosphere.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,8/3/2008,101,138,2,13,6>Have you ever ridden the 16th Street Mall Ride and seen a bunch of people in line around a little street vendor near Larimer? Its near Crepes and Crepes and the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory...That vendor is Boney's Smokeouse BBQ.  I'm certain I'm late to the party and can't really call it a discovery, but I felt like I had unearthed the Hope Diamond when I bit into my sandwich.If you work downtown and don't get a long lunch break, you'll have to take an early lunch to get here and avoid the line... and get food.  They have a very simple, "when we're out of food, we're closed" mentality.  The fastest thing to go is the big turkey leg.  And the line doesn't move as fast as you might hope.  This is not to discredit the great people working, you just need to understand that BBQ this good takes a little time and TLC.The pulled pork is juicy and tender, and has the obvious discoloration of a smoke ring.  I added a side of sliced hot links; $2.50 and worth every penny.  The combo comes with a can of soda (Grape, of course) and a side item.  I had the beans, which are easily some of the best baked beans I've had since leaving the Midwest.  My co-workers all got the potato salad.The combo prices are around $6.50 and a great value at that.  You can even do just the sandwich or ribs, or even 1/2 portions of some items.  Next time you play hookey and catch a day game, or are simply looking for a new place to grab lunch downtown, check it out.  If you don't like it... I'll eat your leftovers. I work at 16th and Welton. EDIT: Oh, and they do take cards if you aren't a cash carrying person.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,7/31/2008,68,174,2,8,6>Can be summed in one word, "quaint".  Seems to be a perfect place for girls night out for those girls who don't want to don sequins and sip something that has an umbrella.  The staff is pretty knowledgeable and allows the people to enjoy and converse without being intrusive.  The kitchen is non-existent and everything is prepared in the little space right between the two-sided bar. The wine list changes every couple of months and at this moment they have a rose wine for the benefit of breast cancer research.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/20/2008,7/30/2008,639,447,12,6,6>Let's be honest. No one says the phrases, "I want good Mexican food" and "Let's go to the Rio" right next to each other. It's usually more 2 phrases like, "I want a killer margarita" and "Let's go to the Rio." Or "I want to get so hammered I can't remember my birthday" and "Let's go to the Rio."I went to the Rio on Saturday night with reasonable expectations. I expected mediocre food, but killers margaritas. And that's exactly what I got. Nachos Grande that had about 7 chips and a whole lotta lettuce and 2 gloriously strong margaritas.An unexpected surprise was the heat. It seems I picked the day that their air conditioning decided to break down. That place gets muy sweaty when it's being cooled by the world's tiniest fan.One thing I did learn that the Rio doesn't openly broadcast is that the upstairs is ALL open seating. Even the tables. So, if there's a long line for seating downstairs, try taking a peak at the seating situation upstairs. It takes a little more time to get served, but at least you've got a table. I went with a group of 9 women and we found a table upstairs immediately. I felt a slight twinge of guilt for all those poor suckers standing downstairs waiting for a table.Then my margarita came and I forgot all about the folks below.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2008,7/29/2008,713,203,3,6,9>On the lawn of the Denver public Library, beside the Denver Art Museum entrance, stands the 21 foot tall big red chair.  Also known as "the Yearling."  This piece used to sit in Central Park in New York city in 1997. It found a more comfy seat in Denver, in 1998.  The artist, Donald Lipski originally designed the piece for an elementary school in Manhattan.  When the school asked Lipski to loose the pony he disagreed and it went to live in the park.  (This is the weird part, I was just there, right in front of the chair a week ago and I didn't see the pony on the seat, as I have in the past.)  Where's the pony?  Anyone seen a six foot tall pony?Pony or not, I like this piece.  It does as the artist suggests, evokes memories of when every day objects seemed monumental. People can relate to it, interact with it, and even want to be seen near it.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,7/28/2008,120,135,5,7,7>I was biking around town sweating my rear off and suddenly it appeared as though sent from Heaven. It was 94 degrees outside and as I opened the door and felt the coolness of the ice cream I was happy. Then I tried the ice cream ;) I had a waffle cone that was dipped in white chocolate and sprinkles, then overflowing with mint chocolate chip deliciousness. *Drool* I went overboard, but didn't think twice about it. Everything about this place takes me back to being young and getting ice cream with my family or sports team. It's small, cozy, yet fresh, and refreshing! I would eat here daily if I didn't think I'd gain 50 lbs! I sat on a bench outside and enjoyed my tasty treat to the last bite. This was the beginning of a patronage that will continue as long as I live in the Denver area!
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,7/27/2008,260,513,19,17,8>Review For Ladies Only:There comes a time when your girls will need a little extra attention because of exercising without proper foundations, age, or childbirth. It is at this time the cute Vicki Secrets and Walmart specials are not going to cut it because we are talking the laws of physics. Do you understand that not enough support in the back causes the front to go down and straps to fall off? Not a good thing.So throw the modesty out the door and go to Le Soutien for a proper fitting. I walked in today already hyperventilating because I kind of knew what was going to happen. But co-owner Rita greeted me with a healthy laugh and scooted me on into the dressing room. First she heard my needs and the issues I have been having (like my last public speech in which I spent half the time adjusting myself, eeww). After she knows what you are looking for, off comes the blouse and she rips apart the current foundation and why it is not working. Then comes the fitting bra to give Rita an idea of what to bring back into the fitting room; I learned all kinds of new tricks I did not know about like setting wire and cups. After the fitting, in comes dozens of lovely bras and the choice begins. Ladies, I am here to tell you the difference can be immediately seen and felt, I am talking extreme comfort and beauty. Rita then has you put your blouse back on to show you how your outer garments look and fit better as well. Sweet!OK, if any guy has read to this point I will reward you with a small carrot, even the sexy numbers know how to work to keep the girls looking really uplifted.  We are talking elegant lace and designs that are very suitable for a honeymoon or other special occasion of that sort. Le Soutien is not cheap but you can also tell that your girls are not wearing $1.99 Walmart specials either. An average bra will cost you about $70.00-$100.00. (I know, I choked too but then thought about the purpose and the fact that I wear these things daily).  I did learn that the expense comes from the material (well duh I should have known that one) but I also forgot that expensive lace does not itch either which is a very nice plus. And for a last tip, although it probably does not need to be said, the whole process will be much more enjoyable if you shave, bath, and spray before you go and wear a halfway decent bra as you would hate to hear what they say about your Sunday special.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,7/26/2008,214,316,3,11,5>I have driven by this restaurant countless times. Finally some friends suggested we check it out!I ordered the Colombian Tamales. They were freaking scrumpalicious! my other two friends ordered a combo Mexican plate and a huge bowl of tortilla soup. Everyone enjoyed their food and we all took jealous bites off each others plates. MMMmmm!The other two drank mojitos that also came with a stick of sugar cane the size of a straw. This was such a nice added touch. I had a nicely priced ($5.50) glass of sauvignon blanc!We did sit on the patio and it was awesome although I did get eaten by some hungry mosquitoes. The service was spot on and our waitress was as sweet as she was accommodating. I will be back to try more items off the menu. Perhaps next time I will remember the bug spray.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2008,7/25/2008,83,121,7,5,7>Picture this: you are in the heady wonderful days of new romance.  It's 9 PM on a random Tuesday night, and thank goodness one of you has enough presence of mind between sweet enticing kisses to mention that you need enough sustenance to maintain pace through the evening...and so...you Yelp!  By the time 9:30 rolls around, you have lovingly "what would you like?" "No, what would you like?"-ed your way to Vietnamese cuisine and decided on Pho...enough nourishment, not too heavy...and decide to try New Saigon.  You frantically call, realizing both the late hour and that you're both famished, and beg them to stay open until you get there.  They willingly acquiesce.  You race down Colfax (how are we somehow always on Colfax??) and make it there from LoDo by 9:45.  They actually welcome you in, although it's so quiet you can swear you might hear crickets (but you don't...the whoosh of new love is in your head!).  You decide to be quick about it, and before you even see a menu you order Pho Tai from the gentle waiter.  You sit next to one another because you still cannot stand to have the distance of even a tiny bistro table between you.  Your food arrives immediately, and you begin canoodling over noodles.  Delicious noodles in rich broth and gorgeous, tasty, lean beef.  All the elements and accompaniments of spicy, wonderful, hot Pho are in front of you.  Your new love has never had Boba (shocker!) so you order a taro and a mango to go, pay a measly check, and float back to the car, sated and sipping on boba.  Then, one of you makes the other laugh, and one of you snorts boba tea all over the interior of the car (this may or may not have been me.  I plead the 5th.)Bottom line:  delicious food, excellent, unobtrusive service, smooth boba, spicy Pho, and CHEAP!...Awesome, just awesome experience, but I WAS wearing rose colored glasses...
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2008,7/24/2008,23,51,1,12,9>After experiencing one of the most horrific financial and customer service nightmares of my life with Compass Bank, I knew it was time to switch financial institutions. As I was recounting my tales of woe, a friend of mine suggested I opt for a credit union instead of a bank. After doing a little research, and discovering that credit unions are not for profit, and member run, I was sold. I searched credit unions around Denver, and as though by kismet, found Denver Community Credit Union. When I opened my account (any resident of Denver is eligible to join by the way), my banking fears were quickly assuaged as I realized everyone was friendly, welcoming, and truly willing to help me. In the process of opening my account. the member services guy not only took care of all of my needs, but also suggested I meet with one of the loan officers to talk about some refinancing options available to me. I agreed, and was able to meet with one that day. After talking with her, she helped me figure out that they could refinance my car loan at a 3% lesser interest rate than what I was currently dishing out, and for a shorter term. Not only that, but they could transfer my credit card debt at a lesser interest rate as well. I was stoked! It took about a month, but I got everything refinanced, and it was a completely painless process. I will end up saving quite a bit of money, and will be able to pay my car and credit card payments at the same place. I never thought I would say this, but I love going to the bank! Denver Community has really transformed my ideas about what a bank can do for you. Everyone is friendly, and they even remember my name and say hello when I come in!  They really go above and beyond for their members. Also, they are incredibly environmental and community conscious. They recently remodeled their branch with more sustainable materials, and it is gorgeous. Another thing worth noting is that they are a part of the Credit Union Services  Coalition, which means that you can do banking at any other Credit Union in the Coalition across the country.Yay for Denver Community Credit Union!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,7/23/2008,133,419,1,15,5>Looking for the city's best fried chicken?  How 'bout some hush puppies?  Perhaps some mac & cheese or peach cobbler?  Or even sweet tea?  Please, look no further than Joseph's.  Everything is made to order, so it can take a while, especially during peak dinner times.  This food is worth the wait, and Joe will chat you up and show you pictures of the house before he bought it while your food is cooking.  The problem is choosing what you'll have from the rather extensive menu!  Sandwiches and burgers, chicken dinners, fish (choose from 5 different types) and shrimp dinners, and a wide array of sides...plenty to try, and plenty good.  Prices are reasonable - no entrees over $13.00!  Great place when you get a hankering for some comfort food - this little neighborhood gem is worth the drive from wherever you are in the Denver metro!  (Be advised Joseph's is closed on Sundays and Mondays)
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2008,7/22/2008,97,90,,6,5>Love La Loma.What a great place and centrally located for those of us who work out of DTC and must travel North for meetings or other weekday gatherings.The atmosphere is great, not loud and perfect for any meetings or social gatherings especially on the patio.  Picture it now...sunny summer day, slight breeze making it's way through the plants outside and a huge, large, massive margs.  Yeah baby...that's summer La Loma style.My favorite eat here are the Steak Fajita Nachos.  These are found in the appetizer section of the menu, but perfect for lunch .  Flour tortillas fried and made up as little tostadas with guac, cheese, pico and steak.  The green chili and home-made tortillas are not to miss here either.The staff at La Loma is always on top of anything you need and ready to serve.  The only reason for 4 of 5 stars it he parking.  At lunch this place is a little hard to get into, but hey...it's lunch in the middle of the city.Enjoy!
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2008,7/21/2008,276,43,5,10,6>I know people who have worked within spitting distance of Louis Wolfe's blue awning for years and still don't even know it's there. Poor bastards. What happens in Wolfe's smoker is magic. The fastidious man in the beard and newsboy cap turns out these pink-hued ribs that, accompanied by his tasty, tomato-based sauce, are some of the best I've ever had. He is, and has always been, a one-man operation, so be prepared for a wait if you show up at peak lunch. My favorites: the ribs, pork sandwich and hot links. And he even does barbecued tofu for you vegeterian pains in the ass. Look for the blue awning, people. It's your cue that you've just found, dollar for dollar, some of the best food in Denver.
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,7/20/2008,17,12,4,5,8>True confession: It freaks me out that I had a lovely bottle of wine and an outstanding French-style cheese/meat plate at the Paris wine bar today.Why does this freak me out????Let me count the *sentimental* ways.WARNING: If you want to know about the Paris Wine Bar, here's the short summary --- It's absolutely lovely, with nicely priced wine by the glass and bottle, complemented beautifully by the yummy treats from its companion Paris on the Platte. We had  the Chianti board which came complete with salami, prosciutto, provolone, tomatoes, feta, cucumber, carrots, celery and a yummy homemade honey mustard dressing and homemade bread. YUM. Terrific compliment to the French Pinot Noir I shared with the gals.  ****The rest of this review is the sophomoric review of memories long lost of a Paris on the Platte when the 15th Street Viaduct still stood and the million dollar Flour Mill Lofts were a bad girl's favorite graffiti paradise.*****And so fellow Yelpers,  here's why it freaked me out that I had a lovely bottle of wine and an amazing plate of treats at the Paris Wine Bar. (I'm pretty sure this means I'm no longer hip, alternative, as cool as I thought and too old, for sure.)1. I spent every single evening at Paris on the Platte from the time I was 14 to 17 or so. If you were there you would recognize me from the poseur stance of a new wave chic so dedicated to her poetry that I needed to smoke many cigarettes and drink Earl Grey Cambrics and write massive amounts of angst poetry. 2. When we were bored with the poems we would amble down to what is now the *luxury* Flour Mill lofts, which at the time was a crumbling, abandoned building. (We called it "the silos".)  We would "break in" --- really just walk in, and climb the stairs to the roof. The only risky element was climbing/jumping over the empty elevator shaft to the roof's floor. Then.....more angst ridden poetry, lame graffiti and "intense" discussions of how difficult it was to be us, living in the great City of Denver at the time. But then the viaduct came down, Coors Field was built, LODO was cool, and people discovered our "secret places."Yet many years later we returned to our old haunts, only to find that the bookstore where we bought our first copies of Bukowski's poetry have become a hip wine bar where we feel, strangely, at home.So friends, go to the Paris Wine Bar and recapture a piece of my misspent youth in style. I recommend the Gaya Pinot Noir.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2008,7/19/2008,190,159,1,12,9>[added note: as the guest of a hotel concierge this meal was free.]Aside from a glorious table befitting the Godfather himself, I'm sorry to say there really isn't any other "good" table in the dining room. The booths along one side get heavy traffic running the entire length between the kitchen and server station. The rest of the tables, in their close, regimented rows & columns, are reminiscent of a computer engineer's best attempts at user-friendliness.Once seated, the general manager came by offered my companion a Pashmina wrap in case the air was too cold or drafty; very nice. He also mentioned they have table hooks to hang one's purse from (so nobody has to cradle them on the floor with their feet). Clearly, he cares about the details.In general, the service was attentive and coordinated. However for the decor and price range of Elways, I would expect more to write about in this arena. As it is, it's just vanilla.For appetizers, we started with an assortment of oysters: minuscule kumamotos, some medium sized from British Columbia, and some really large ones from the east coast. To answer that age-old question, size does not matter.The largest ones in this lot were by far the least appealing: oversized and lacking any characteristics other than that generic "oyster" flavor, these are worth a pass. The waitress was quite right in describing them as something she recommends for people who "just want to feel like they got their money's worth." If that's what the people care about, that's all they'll get. The small kumamoto were mild and sweet. Nice, but more cute than anything. The British Columbia oysters were just right. Briny and flavorful, these oysters had character, enough that you'd want to invite them to your party, and not so much that you'd worry if they'd get along with your friends. Next came stone crab claws. These were nicely cracked into little lollipops of claw meat, presented with three sauces. The meat was flaky; nice but not amazing. The crab cocktail, on the other hand, was more delicate in texture, tender, and with subtle flavor. As for a wine Choice: the sommelier Michael Casey recommended a pinot noir with our appetizers; it was a perfect choice. Since neither I or my companion drink white wine, the pinot was light enough to balance with all our seafood appetizers. Perusing the menu, you'll find a section devoted to wagyu beef. Essentially, this is really pricey beef raised in the Kobe style ... daily massages, beer ... all that. It's only $40 for a 4-oz cut. Yes, I said four ounces. We also ordered the rib-eye steak, Alaskan crab legs, and a side of sautéed French green beans.Soooo, was the wagyu beef worth the price? In a word, maybe. I will say this: it was a whole different world of beef. It had a wonderfully delicate texture, but unlike filet mignon, had flavor. Ultimately, I would pay to try this this for the first time, but perhaps not to try it again.The rib-eye was what you might expect: robust, with really tasty fat on the side. It was perfectly cooked to order. I would split this with someone else, because it's huge and the leftovers aren't worth it. The Alaskan crab legs had just the right amount of butter and garlic. The side of green beans was prepared with garlic and little bits of bacon ... nothing surprising here. Somehow it failed to wow me. As to our second wine choice for entrées, Michael's recommendation was a pitch-perfect choice of a 2006 Seghesio zinfandel (from Alexander Valley ... not that I care, but you might). It had an enchanting bouquet, fully deserving of such fluffy words as I have just ascribed to it. I actually took a good minute to just smell it before taking a sip. The light, almost savory scent well accented both the delicate flavor of Wagyu beef as well as more robust rib-eye.Finally, dessert.The classic creme brulée had a very rich, lovely custard. The brulée was a little thin and didn't quite give the satisfying crack that Amélie made famous, but to its credit, it neither overpowered the custard with any bitter caramelized flavor. The garnishes were a tad florid and overly precious, what with berries, and a sugar crisp, and mini banana-breads, and a chip of chocolate ....My companion had the signature cheesecake with strawberry sauce. I had but one bite, and that bite was perfect. I reserve five stars for when a business represents the quintessence of its genre, and meets its potential without hesitation. While I had an excellent meal and will certainly consider another visit, Elway's at the Ritz is still only aspiring to deliver on its promise. What would put them over the top? A table setup that didn't feel like it was designed in Excel. A little something unexpected, thoughtful, or daring with the vegetables. Better bread that hopes to be more than merely a substrate for butter. Pickiness about where the meat and fish come from. No farm-raised salmo
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,7/18/2008,77,244,3,12,8>Yum!  So, so many pros.The best part is the basic concept in ordering.  When you walk in, you pick a brown paper bag that is labeled with the basic kind of sandwich you want: chicken, turkey, veggie, whatever.  There's a bucket of red pens and you just mark on the bag whatever you want: mustard, cole slaw, cucumbers, buffalo sauce, hummus, avocado, cheez whiz, bell peppers, there's like a gajillion different things you can get (they're all listed on the website).  I love that you just mark what you want on the bag, because I am that annoying, picky eater who's like, "I want the club with no ham, add avocado, no mayo, sub spicy mustard for the regular..." and I feel like a pain and half the time it's wrong.  I love the fool-proof ordering.After you order, just sit down and wait for them to call your name to get your sandwich.  And it's delicious!  All the sandwiches are toasted, and it's might tasty bread.  Good veggies, too.  I also like places that have fountain coke, because I like to mix.Extra bonus points from me for any restaurant that makes its nutritional information available (it's on their website).  I like to know what I'm eating.They have a punch card system something like 10 sandwiches and the next one's free!
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,7/17/2008,26,76,6,19,9>Motorcycle class -  one of the funnest things i have done in a very, very long time! I've driven past the ABATE motorcycle classes (in the Lowry campus) for at least two years thinking "Man, that totally looks like fun" and realizing that if i ever needed to jump on a motorcycle during a high speed action-chase (a-la Jason Bourne - "The Bourne Supremacy") I had better take that class one day.Classwork starts the night before for three hours. Maximum class size is 12 people. There is another 3-4 hour session on Saturday afternoon which includes taking your multiple choice test (the instructors drill the answers into you - everyone passed). The driving itself - oh so much fun. You are assigned either a Honda Rebel 250 or Nighthawk 250. There is one dirt bike for the tallest guy or gal in the class. The instructors start you off very slow and before you know it you are in first gear cruising around the parking lot.The class gets harder on Sunday as you learn to negotiate curves, press and lean, and make tight U-Turns. The grand finale is the ridden evaluation which you have practiced over and over again. Be sure not to drop your bike (immediate fail) or leave your kickstand down (like - minus 15 points).The instructors i had (Doug and Cindy) were great - Cindy was friendly and understanding, Doug sometimes tows a hard line when you screw up, but then rewards greatly with a pat on the back if you do well.By the end of the class all participants had totally bonded and a lot of us went out for beers afterwards to celebrate our passing and discuss the test. What a blast. If you are thinking about getting a motorcycle or are just curious to learn how to drive one - take this class! It is SO MUCH FUN.Added bonus - passing means the riding and written portion of the Colorado motorcycle license test are waived and you can get your motorcycle endorsement on your license that much easier. A great weekend and payoff for $225.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,7/16/2008,190,292,6,7,7>I have been lured here too many times as a result of the siren song that is their french fries.Service is phenomenal, food is great, and they now even have a hot sauce bar where you can pick and choose from wide selection of spiciness.I can easily recommend their fries (duh), the shrimp and grits, the cubano, the pulled pork, the wedge salad, and the martinis. Oh, hello.Also, if anyone finds themselves struck with the urge to have a competitive eating contest that incorporates Steubens' mac and cheese, I will gladly take you down.
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,7/15/2008,210,385,13,6,7>Forget international summits. Forget aid missions. Forget brokered agreements. Forget buying the world a Coke and teaching it to sing......if we REALLY want to achieve World Peace, all we need to do is play cheesy 80s dance music, 24/7. Because nothing brings people together like getting their Molly Ringwald moves on to some A-Ha. So, to do our part for World Peace, some friends and I hit the Rock Bar last Thursday night for some prime 80s dancing. And believe me, we were not disappointed! This place is a dive in all the right ways. Textured wallpaper (um... maybe made out of straw?), rock paneling, and naugahyde booths line the walls. The little dance floor (too sticky for breakdancing once the night wore on, but if you get there early you might be able to bust a backspin or two) is lined with mirrors in case you need to check out your moves. Don't lie... we all do it. The booze is cheap (Mad Dog 20/20 shots for a buck) and classless (no bottled beers... only cans!). The crowd is diverse and happy to be so. Punksters, hipsters, slutsters, fratsters, no-definition-sters, and even the lone Septagenerian Silver Fox cruising through the crowd with his suitcoat slung over one shoulder like he was modeling for After Hours Tuxedowear... we all mingled together in a mess of Billie Jean and OMD. Proof positive that 80s music DOES indeed bring the world together. Middle East nations, take note. If you need me to make you a mix tape, I totally will. Totally.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2008,7/14/2008,10,45,3,6,4>I have to precede this with saying that I was a bit skeptical going into Pat's the first time for their "Philly Cheesesteaks" because.... HELLO!?! Have you tasted a cheese steak outside of Pennsylvania??  98% of the time is sucks balls.   Very few places understand the simple, yet important, construction of a true Philly cheese steak. MeatCheese -- mixed in NOT on top!East Coast roll (if you don't know what a true east coast roll is... walk on)add grilled onions and peppers to tasteLet me tell you... PAT'S HAS IT.  The owners are strait up from Philly and they remember what it tastes like to live there.  They have about a dozen different ways to have it done, but the rolls, the cheese,  the meat, all Philly baby!! As if the cheese steaks weren't enough (or authentic enough) but the desserts are out of this world... or out of this STATE at least.  The dessert menu is different types of Tastykakes.  What, praytell is a Tastykake???  Imagine a homegrown fresh Little Debbie and you'll begin to see the wonder and amazement that is ... Tastykake.  Honestly, unless you are from the northern east coast you surely have no idea what the hell I'm talking about, but give them a try and you'll fall in love with a staple from my childhood.  (my favorites are the peanut butter kandy kakes and the butterscotch krimpets).  One last shout out... the happy hour is fantastic, the specials are great and the bar staff has always been good for conversation and laughs. Seriously, my favorite place to be after work :)
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,7/13/2008,307,575,5,2,12>Let me tell you why my ballpark is better than your ball park:$6 dollar beers, where yours are $8.I'll take a rock pile over a 'green monster' any day.We're a roid free environment (Ya hear that, Barry!!!)It sits in a phenomenal part of a phenomenal city.Our players aren't dicks.It's full of fans in the foulest of weather.But mostly...It's home to the National League Champion Colorado Rockies!Truth be told, there's not a bad seat in the house, and the facility itself is clean, friendly, and always a good time.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,7/12/2008,614,1007,7,9,4>Well, the $5 cover seemed a bargain, until we got inside and the joint was empty. Then we realized it was about 9:30. That's what happens when you start drinking at 5. We milled around downstairs and just checked the place out. Then we noticed an elevator and stairs to another level. Moving towards the sounds of an entire different scene, we emerged in what appeared to be another club. This floor was packed with people. The bar was full, and there were actually people on the dance floor. The music upstairs was a great mix of hip hop, reggae and old school jams. Very danceable. And that's what we did. Dance.The service was marginal at best. There were some rude ass'd waitresses/hostesses, and some good bartenders, so it almost balanced. All in all a good experience. It's a little off the beat in path, so you have to drive or cab to get there, so not a bonus for me. I like my bars/clubs within walking distance. But, a great place to meet friends and have a party.
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2008,7/9/2008,11,12,7,10,8>Well,  I had lunch today at the little joint down the street.  My friend Greg and I were super hungry and couldn't wait for a sandwich.  I was not disappointed by "The Crush" as we have so fondly nicknamed this little cafe.  I had a pulled pork sandwich, with some kind of spicy cheese and green chili's.  My friend Greg had a Chicken sandwich with basil.  They were both delicious.  But I must tell you about what we received at the end of our meal.... A STUFFED BROWNIE.OMG.  I have a chocolate addiction.  I am trying to recover, but it is soo....hard.  Sometimes I wish I could just push it right into my vains....So here is the deal.  My sandwich, it took a little long.  I never panic in this kind of situation, I work in the restaurant industry.  I understand that *hit happens and it takes a lot for me to get my panties in a knot.  The owner of "The Crush, " felt like he wanted to say sorry for my mishap, that wasn't really a mishap.  Now that is customer service.  My friend and I indulged in a warm gooey brownie, that was stuffed with Carmel, Nutella, chocolate and cream cheese.  I decided to forgo the other half of my sandwich and eat the brownie.  (A girl has her priorities you know....)  I will be back.  Not only was the customer service fabulous, but the brownie will be something that calls my name. (They also have stuffed french toast, and stuffed pound cake... although they look delicious, I will stick with the brownie.)
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,7/8/2008,51,71,9,11,16>w-w-w-wow!where to start effusing?imagine an antique log cabin modernized with custom lounge seating areas and you have an inkling of what is undoubtedly the most interesting dining room to appear in denver in a decade. three cheers for john skogstad and kevin delk.the details are exquisite: flickering miner's lamps hanging from the ceiling, rusty chain saws sticking out of the walls, full size aspen trees "growing" from the floor, gleaming cross-cut log tables, clever linen space-dividers, exposed lathe and plaster walls, and hand-washing basins with faucets that feature long hanging chains, down which the water trickles, activated by a pull-cord-handle-thing. seriously cool, and clearly, rather hard to describe...walking here up one of the sketchier blocks of south broadway is an adventure in itself, and probably the reason the adrenalin was already rushing by the time we hustled inside. a wide variety of tattoo-drunk-hippie-creatures live in close proximity to B&W, so the restaurant's target audience may be a little intimidated by the lack of valet parking, but the rest of us well-armed natives will find the stamping madmen decorating the sidewalks relatively easy to despatch without scuffing up one's brogues.my bouncy companion and i had a sensational time picking through the bountiful menu and sampling almost everything on offer, simply because we couldn't resist so many unheard-of combinations of unusual grub. who doesn't love "new and different"? this place will surpass your wildest expectations; even our waiter - the excellent, eight-ringed and dry-humored sean king - explained that his favorite food ever was deep-fried guinea pig (not on the menu here, but nevertheless an unexpected and tremendous idea. unless, of course, you are a guinea pig).the menu is "assiettes petites" and small plates never means small prices. it means more plates. but these plates were really cool: little round bowls with conical lids hiding the delicacies within. (note to proprietor: always keep these very hot; small portions chill in seconds).once i had strained my eyes long enough to focus on the microscopic menu lettering, i found "duck rillette with shirred egg and brioche toast". shirred means "cooked without the shell". the best thing about ducks, apart from their hilarious quack, is their perfect evolution as a foodstuff. they lay eggs, their flesh tastes great and they produce copious quantities of gout-building duck fat, which is about the best thing in which to soak or fry anything edible. in this case, the egg. if you remember the scene in pixar's ratatouille when the frosty food critic tastes the first forkful of remy's ratatouille and is instantly transported back to his mother's bucolic kitchen, that is what this duck rillette will do for you. i landed at a tiny table in a red-doored cafe in the sunny french countryside with a huge grin on my face and an ecstatic, "oh my god; mmmmm"...from there, the veal and leek special, the angels on horseback, the lamb loin, artisan cheeses, the vegetable mousses, the sweet pea cakes, the vegetable barley pie; well, it's all a wonderful blur......a blur, incidentally, greatly enhanced a great british export: pimms no. 1 cup. outside the commonwealth, it is a rare find, but, as a lifelong quality-control expert, i can certify that B&W's is indeed the real thing (although B&W's cucumber log is an accidental american inclusion). the proportions were accurate, the citrus fruits correct and the mint fresh.pimms sharpens the powers of observation too. the yellow film applied to the front windows here makes for an attractive orange glow within, but encourages the outdoor wildlife, who can't see in, to shade their eyes and press up against the glass. for the window-table diners, the sudden apparition of a half-naked, toothless wino, slobbering six inches from bouncy's silky neck, may be enough to precipitate precautionary gunplay.anyway, completely pimmed, we proceeded to the five juicy finishes of dessert. we opted for frozen milk chocolate souffle with fresh berries, and the espresso creme caramel pistachio shortbread. sublime.very happily stuffed, i carded about a buck seventy including tip and five or six drinks, and would gladly go back every day for every meal assuming they keep the menu rotating - which will be their key to success.one small thing i would offer to improve the ladies' experience (and you can tell this place was designed by a bloke): the male and female restroom sink areas are "exhibition" style, which robs the fair sex of their preening refuge. nowhere to gossip, gloss lips, text for help or adjust bras. a little extra screening from the dining room will complete an otherwise fabulous experience here.so, on my scale of nosebag to nectar, B&W scores very high in the rarified category of nectar.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,7/7/2008,23,84,10,11,9>Water world is THE BEST!!!!!   The best what you ask?  Well, duh, the best water park in the state at the very least.  Note to self, the best way to enjoy the water world experience is to go when they open (at 10am, c'mon, it's not that early) on a weekday.  Seriously, don't go near the place on a weekend, it's like the crush of humanity.  But you may have noticed in my other reviews that I don't like big crowds, maybe I'm a bit claustrophobic.  But the weekday thing is also to avoid long lines on rides. Another tip, if you have crocs, wear them.  Yes you will look a little goofy in crocs and a swim suit, but if it's really hot, the pavement will rip up your feet and you will thank me for this tip.  You can bring in drinks that are factory sealed (not vodka though) and food but their food isn't too overpriced and there's no better way to end a long day at water world than with a funnel cake or huge twist waffle cone sundae, yummy yummy yummy.  Hmm, what else can I say, oh yeah, if you are a westminster resident you get super cheap tickets with your rec center ID and if you aren't, well get a coupon. A final word of caution, the white slides over near the lost river of the pharaohs ride are fun, but are referred to by my friends and I as the 'water enema'.  Don't think I really need to expand on that one do I class?  If you're a guy, I don't think it's a problem due to all the fabric of your shorts, but girls, good luck, clench.Anyway, please go to water world because, dammit, it's really flippin fun!!!!!Ok everyone, BTW, did you know that our very own Water World was part of a travel channel special on like the totally best water parks in the history of the world ever?!?!   Well, it was, so go have a chat w/your best friend TIVO and record it cuz it's on all the time.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,7/6/2008,12,22,4,7,8>This motorcycle clothing and accessory shop offers excellent customer service and great selection of motorcycling and scootering gear.  I'm a newbie when it comes to motorcycles and the folks at Performance Cycle are very knowledgeable and helpful.  I went in every day for 3 days straight after I bought a scooter - I would've gone more, but they were probably starting to think I was nuts!  I was just trying to figure it all out and buy the right gear.  Prices on helmets and jackets are identical to online prices that I found elsewhere.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,7/5/2008,114,440,4,7,8>Having grown up where 'Cow Tipping' was the thing to do on a Saturday night, I've been exposed to all sorts of dairy creamy delights.  Yet I have to say that no one knows Ice Cream like Blue Bell, the known sweet smooth cold tasty treat from the Lone Star State Texas. One of the things I miss about living in Texas is buying my weekend treat of a pint of Blue Bell from the Tom Thumb down the street.  Sobbing to myself over the pain of missing my Moo-llennium Crunch sundaes, I was informed by a native Texas bird that Russell Stover's sold Blue Bell (they also advertise this on their sign, duh!)I had me one monster waffle cone with Birthday Cake Ice Cream: vanilla ice cream with bits of chocolate birthday cake, frosting, and chocolate swirls.  Oh my I'm drooling over my laptop.  Many other flavors are available, and if you're nice they will order a barrel of your requested flavor and scoop out a pint or quart size option for you to take home.  This only takes a week (quart ran me around $6).We all know that Russell Stover's isn't the creme de la creme when it comes to chocolates, but Blue Bell is something you need to try at least once.  Hey if a Bronco Linebacker can take his buckaroo here (sitting in front of the store lick-in' away) why can't you?bluebell.com
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,7/4/2008,16,31,4,4,9>Sad that I have to stop at 5, because this place goes to 11.  Love the patio, and the fact that it melds in with St. Mark's.  Love the decor.  LOVE the infused vodkas (pineapple on ice, apricot with a little soda, mango . . . or maybe it was guava . . . does it matter?).  Love that it was still buzzing at 11pm on a Sunday night.  Love the owner, love the bartenders.  Yes, I'm in love - maybe that explains this headache . . .
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/16/2008,7/2/2008,476,701,,11,4>Well the history of dim sum in Denver is relatively short. There used to be two main competitors in the "Little Saigon" area of South Federal. That would be China Garden restaurant in the Far East Center and the Empress. There were other dim summeries :) but these were the big two. Early on, dim sum was only served on the weekends and when China Garden started serving it everyday well that was downright revolutionary (but no big deal because it tasted like the weekend stuff re-heated). Well the Empress being cleaner and generally better won out. They had constant lines and long waits for tables. There would be a constant motion of carts pouring out of the kitchen with steaming hot dumplings and carts with brimming shelves of assorted tasty sweets and savories. Many times we would be told that they had sold out of our favorite items and maybe that's where their downfall began. First King's Land and then Super Star came along and stole the Best Dim Sum joint title. The Empress is now reduced to two or three carts that run occasionally into the dining area. The quality of the food isn't bad just not great anymore and pales in comparison. Their dinner menu is still pretty good and their Char Siu (BBQ pork), Roast Duck, and Roast Pig is still the best in town but no longer the go to place for dim sum. Ho nem mwat ho nai.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2008,7/1/2008,95,693,,14,4>Conflicted. Want to give 4 stars, but cannot. Our party of 4 has a great time, but I am not sure that I will return.+ Food quality. Excellent. Andrea and his crew know how to cook.* Fantastic calamari appetizer. Tender squid and a very tasty anchovy sauce. Loved it.* Gnocchi. Little airy pillows with a pungent arugula pesto.* Chicken. Moist. Great rich reduction sauce with mushrooms.+ Atmosphere. We sat outside on a perfect spring evening. Just the right noise level. People talking and enjoying themselves. No noticable traffic noise.+ Wine quality. Very good. We enjoyed bottles of:* Prosecco Veneto $25* Bardalino Chiaretto Classico (rosato) 35* Cannonau di Sardegna (rosse) $35* (glass) Grappa di Rue $10- Service. Very erratic.* Both the prosecco and rose arrived at too warm a temperature.* No flutes for the prosecco.* Took forever to get bread.* Took way too long to take our order.* Ordered butter and had to ask 3 times for it.* Not offered wine in a timely manner.- Food quantity. Portions are too small.* I don't go for the giant portions of food that are served at Macaroni Grill, but I expect more than 1 ounce of cheese in a $16 appetizer.* The chicken was great, but again the amount of chicken was absurdly small.- Wine prices. Only 1 wine (I don't count Lambrusco) for $25. All the others were $30 and up. Actually, only two wines at $30. Then comes $35. We love wine, but the limited selection of reasonably priced wines is abysmal. Having just spent 5 days in NYC and had plenty of wines for $18-$25, I don't understand why Il Posto is so over priced.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,6/30/2008,342,357,,12,6>Every summer I look forward to the start of the farmer's market in Belmar.  It runs from June to September on Sundays from 10am to 2pm.  It is not your typical farmer's market...more like a European market.  It does have a couple stands of fresh locally grown produce, but much more than that.  Some of my favorite booths include the pasta booth, with tons of different flavors of pasta: lemon basil, chipotle, roasted garlic, etc.  They have a couple blends which are amazing.  One is a pesto blend with basil, sun dried tomato, and garlic flavored pastas.  The other one I like is a southwestern blend with red pepper, corn, and black bean flavors (I think...whatever it is, it's delicious).  Another great booth is Loredana's Pestos.  They are absolutely amazing: little jars of marinated parmesan and asiago cheeses with all kinds of herbs, spices.  There are about 20 different flavors to choose from.  My favorite is the Siena, which is marinated cheese with garlic and herbs...spread that on a piece of baguette...and forget about it!  Another favorite booth of mine has several different kinds of home-made salsas.  They also sell food as well including breakfast burritos and tamales.  I usually buy a jar of my favorite garlicky and spicy salsa....and it is gone within a week.  Other vendors sell jewelry, purses, flowers, wine (on Sunday!), soap, jams, dipping oils, fresh baked breads, sausages, cheese, roasted chiles, tortillas, and buffalo jerky.  And everything is locally made.  Several booths cook food to munch on while wandering the market, or sitting down to people watch (and puppy watch!): sausage/brats, crepes, Big Mike's BBQ (the ribs are amazing...with his spicy bbq sauce), pancakes, breakfast burritos, chile rellenos, and more!The market also has 2 booths to provide education and entertainment.  One is a chef demonstration booth: Belmar area restaurants showcase an item on their menu and demonstrate how to cook it.  Afterwards they pass around free samples and a recipe card to try it at home.  Another fun stop is the urban gardening booth.  They teach you how to grow container vegetables, flowers, herb gardens, etc.  The ladies are available for questions after the demonstration to help with any gardening difficulties you may be having.  The last stop on my farmers market visit is the animal adoption booth.  They have several different puppies outside each week needing a good home.  You can stop and pet and play with them if you like.  I think they also have kitties inside the large van...but being deathly allergic I dare not enter.  The market in general is very dog friendly.  Many people bring their dogs along, so there is the occasional barking squabble.  Most people are very friendly and will stop to let you pet their pooch if you don't have one of your own :(
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2008,6/29/2008,59,173,,11,6>This establishment used to be the Sport Bowl Lanes & Billiard, and has since come under new ownership (associated with The Gothic) and has a WHOLE new look and feel!The place is divided into two portions:  The south side is a long room with a full-service bar, a stage at the far end for live music, tables/chairs and a separate entrance.The north side consists of the bowling lanes, billiard tables, dining tables, restrooms, and a few pinball machines. This used to be a single main level, but they have opened up a smaller upper level, accessible by 2 different stairways, that offers more billiard tables, seating, and a nice lookout over the bowling lanes and toward the south side.Bowling shoes:  $6 per pairBowling game:  $5 eachBilliards:  not sure - we didn't playThey also offer a menu that seems to provide a variety of food/drinks, although we got a look at someone's leftover pizza and it looked like your typical frozen pizza.  But my midori sour was just lovely...and the wait staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, particularly when I needed to purchase some milk for our 18-month old whom we brought along.That's another thing - while the bare-essentials, industrial feel is attractive for many age groups, it also provides a pretty safe area for a toddler to tool around with their parent chasing after them. :)Parking is also not a big problem at night, with the shopping plaza around the corner, and KingSoopers is right across Floyd St.We're definitely going back - very fun!
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2008,6/28/2008,38,53,,5,3>I used to work at Lola back when it was near the Sushi Den, and I know the amount of effort they put into creating wonderful food in the Mexican coastal tradition. This is not traditional mexican food that you think of ordering so don't expect a smothered burrito or chili rellenos. If you want that go to Benny's. The new location is beautiful, hip, energetic, and open, but I miss the intimate atmosphere of the former Lola back when half the people who frequented the joint were familiar faces. But you can't fight progress!Some great things about Lola include:The tableside guacamole - hands down one the best things to ever grace the menu (don't let anyone try to convince you that the Avocado Fondue is better)Their menu changes seasonally so there's always something new to try.If you don't want to spend a lot of money, go for a drink and a couple of appetizers. Most of their appetizers are just as good as their entrees. Try the sweet potato chorizo hash, the fried plantains or any of their soups and salads! (skip the beans/rice - you can get that anywhere).Their drinks are to die for. If you aren't a fan of sweet and sour in your margarita, they make "coin style" margs, which skips the sweet and sour and goes straight for the flavors of the liquors contained within.They also have great wines and other mixed drinks for non-tequila fans.Their tequila bar is the best in the country. No Jose Cuervo Gold served here!If you are a vegetarian,  intolerant to gluten, or allergic to nuts, there are usually a few options for you.The service is impeccable. The staff are all very friendly, prompt, and knowledgeable about the menu.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2008,6/27/2008,2,7,,5,3>I've been shopping at Safeway, King Soopers, and Wild Oats for the past few months until a friend recommended Sunflower Market.  Glad they did because the prices are unbeatable and the quality of the produce is excellent.  Like others have said, the produce is where you will find the best deals, the rest of the items are priced about the same as other grocery stores.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2008,6/25/2008,245,483,23,15,11>The morning after attending Feast on the Fax, I found this letter from my digestive system:Dear Thomas,WTF?  We've been through a lot together recently and those of us in your digestive system thought that you had been making great strides in improving your digestive health - but then you had to go and screw it all up.  Feel that pain in your stomach?  That is the result of us having to work all night to process that random clusterf**k of greasy food and mixed alcoholic beverages you pounded for over 3 hours.  Some things were never meant to be mixed - I mean, Ethiopian lentils and calamari???  Followed by chicken wings?  C'mon now, we are a team, aren't we?  At least you were stupid enough to eat the mac and cheese - you'll be suffering tomorrow for that mistake.  Now get up, eat your fiber supplements and get us back on track today.Sincerely,Your Personal Poop Factory----------This event definitely had its highs and lows.  Overall, we had fun going and checking out all of the different restaurants.  But several of the places were seriously disappointing.  Its not as if the disappointing places were necessarily bad restaurants, but they were obviously not taking the opportunity to win over customers (or at least customers with a discerning palate).   Alas, here are my observations:Senor Pepe's (pronounced by busriders as SEEEEEN-YOR PE-PES) - One of the obligatory starting points on the tour, we thought Senor Pepe's would be a good start b/c we could get some margs.  It took 10 minutes to get food from the buffet line - waiting 5 minutes b/c they ran out of plates and no one working was making any effort to put out more plates.  Surprisingly, it also took 15 minutes to get the margs.  The food wasn't really worth the calories, to be honest - though I must say that the guacamole was quite yummy.Spin-N-Chickn - The bus stopped in front of the restaurant, giving me a clear view of people sitting at the window.  I saw a woman take a bite into something that looked chicken-like, make a funny face, then put the unidentified morsel down with disdain.  Her companion was picking at his cornbread.  Their sides had the vibrant color associated with canned veggies.  I was comfortable in my seat and decided not to go in...I stand by my choice.Habesha - Best Ethiopian food on the tour.  Friendly hosts, good beer, pleasant atmosphere, good food and plenty of it.  I don't remember the names of the dishes I ate, but all were tasty.  I will definitely come back to this place.Phoenician Kabob - I've been here once before for baklava - it was good.  Today they brought their A-game to the feast.  Armed with fresh pita, hummus and some bomb-diggity shwarma (I think?), they definitely impressed.  Their meat was tender, lean and flavorful.  The hummus was smooth, creamy and melted in my mouth.  Yumminess - For that they get Thomas S's Second Prize Award --- which is a return visit from me!Axum - Yuck!  Enjera bread is not designed to hold greasy food for longer than 3 minutes.  The bread gets soggy and turns into a nasty mush.  I think they normally serve better food.Solera - Worth the long wait - maybe.  I question their pairing of calamari with chocolate brownie.  I don't like to mix seafood and chocolate - and neither does my digestive system.  Kudos for offering a complementary wine sampling and their sausage was lovely.  Africana Caf - A+ for moving the lines through quickly.  Overall the food was just okay - normally they serve better quality.The Elm - Best atmosphere, we sat outside on the patio and despite the woman who was blowing smoke in our direction --- we still enjoyed it.  The food was so-so.  I enjoyed the spice from their hot wings, but I think the chicken had a jerky-like texture.  Their chips are always wonderful too.Senor Rita's - A+ for the free tequila shots.  Boo for the extremely long line.  Instead of waiting in line, I decided to see what the wait was for.  Chips, ground beef, cheese and some other mediocre nacho fixings.  Wasn't worth the wait, so we moved along.The Cork House - Excuse me, do you have a wine pairing to go with your Tostidos Tortilla Chips and Pace Picante Salsa?  The Cork House obviously mailed it in with a mediocre performance.  A dry turkey sandwich, cheap chips and salsa and average sweet and sour wings are not an accurate sampling of their menu.Mataam Fez - Excellent!!!  They served the best variety of menu offerings of all the restaurants participating.  Food was succulent and delish!
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,6/24/2008,114,168,4,18,11>There are two tattoo shops in town to consider when you want to get quality work done.  Th'Ink Tank is one of them.   Jef Kopp is the former owner, and is still a tattooist there, and is booked about 9 months out, and charges an arm and a leg for his services.  It's a life time commitment, people...pay the money and get top quality work!  Other artists are not booked out as far, but you will still have to wait a bit.  Go in, flip through the books, see which style suits you best, make an appointment, and don't let that tattoo money burn a hole in your pocket!I can't tell you how many people have asked me where to go, I tell them, but they can't wait so the go to some scary place, and get gnawed at....and then go to Th'Ink Tank for corrective work.  This is not a parlor with a bunch of shitty flash on the wall, where you point and say, "I want that!  Yeah, the Tazmanian devil, right here on my forearm!!".  They do all custom work.  You come in with an idea, and they help work it up for you, for something that will be yours for life.One more word about Jef.  He is an amazing artist, be it oil colors and canvas or skin.  Regardless of his rock star status, he is the most humble, kind man.  A lot of shops can be full of that tough guy attitude, but you don't get that here.  I know some of the other artists, but not as well, but I am sure they are just as nice and as talented.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,6/22/2008,197,231,5,5,8>I'm giving this place 5 stars completely based on the fact that they used to be a wheel-cart in a church parking lot and got so much business that they "had" to get a physical location to avoid violating city ordinance for bathrooms.  That aside, it's a great BBQ joint!  It's in a strip mall and is very small, but the owner is a very personable and nice man who will chat you up like crazy.  And he knows BBQ.  He makes many different sauces that very in spicy-hotness and flavor.  On the flavor side, they offer original, mustard, apple, tangerine, and many many more. And on the hotness scale, he offers mild, medium, hot, jalapeno, and habenero.  I love hot food and will testify to the hotness of the habenero.  I usually have apple - habenero.  Once you pick your sauce, you can decide what to put it on,.  I always recommend pulled pork.  The brisket is great as well, but pork is the way to go.The sweet tea is too sweet most of the time and the sides are very good.  You can get sweet potato fries, fried okra, and all of the usuals.  And they all taste the way they should.  if you want to enjoy a very filling and sleep-inducing lunch, go there around 1 pm and then plan on sleeping at your desk or on a couch for the next 4 hours.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2008,6/21/2008,202,82,3,13,10>For those of us who aren't used to having OPTIONS, this place is like heaven.  In fact, having so many options can sometimes leave you staring at the menu for an hour trying to narrow it down.  Well, I know what I like, and I know I won't be disappointed with any of the following:Seitan Buffalo Wings:  Holy Crap, I hadn't had anything that tasted remotely like buffalo wings since I was 13.  These are a delicious fried gut bomb of an appetizer and are served with vegan ranch dressing and carrots and celery sticks.Blackened Tofu:  A tofu steak fried to chewy perfection, covered with seasonings, blackened, drizzled with a coconut cream sauce (a la country fried steak) and topped with fresh avocado.  Comes with broccoli and brown rice.Barbeque Tofu:  Wedges of chewy tofu smothered in tasty BBQ sauce.  Comes with steamed greens and your choice of potato.  Go for the sweet potato home fries or mashed potatoes and vegetarian gravy.Seitan Parmesan:  A veggie take on chicken parm, only better.  This breaded, fried seitan steak comes on a bed of linguine and is topped wtih melted gorgonzola cheese (YUM!).  Comes with garlic bread but sadly, no veggies.  Still one of my faves, especially when I'm carb loading, and definitely one to recommend to the meat eaters!The Champ: This sandwich will make you realize that you don't actually hate beets, you just think you do.  Focaccia with roasted beets, sprouts, grilled onions and zucchini, melted swiss cheese and lemon caper aioli.  Trust me on this one, I had my own reservations at first, which disappeared by the third bite or so.The TLT: A tasty Tempeh, Lettuce and Tomato sandwich, with Avocado.  Good if you're wanting something lighter that still has some protein.The Dona Lee:  A pita sandwich stuffed with herb-encrusted seitan, tomatoes, lettuce, avocado, and ranch dressing.   Oh, I almost forgot to mention, the best part of ordering a sandwich is that you get to pick any 2 sides, and there are lots of good ones to choose from.  The tomato coconut curry soup is always awesome.  The quinoa salad is good.  You can also get french fries, mixed vegetables (buttery tasting corn, peas and carrots), steamed greens, mashed potatoes and gravy, sweet potato home fries, and all sorts of other stuff.TRY THE SPECIALS if they sound especially tasty.  I had the most delicious small plate special one time.  Butternut squash cakes.  They were a rich and delicious gut bomb and I wanted to pass out on a cloud of ecstasy after eating them.  I was told that they tasted like crab cakes.  without the crab.If you have any room left, try one of the vegan deserts.And now for the stuff you SHOULDN'T order.Eggplant Parm Sandwich, Buffalo Tofu Sandwich, French Dip, Seitan Philly - these guys are all too bready and dry for my tastes.Thai Peanut Stir Fry is kind of bland.The tempeh burger - My boyfriend loves it but every time I have a bite of his, I'm not impressed.  It's kind of slimy and boring and you can get a veggie burger anywhere.  Believe it or not, Gabors has my favorite veggie burger in town.  P.S. I hate mushrooms, that's probably why I think it's slimy.Monti Pasta is a plate of pasta with some tasty sounding stuff in it.  However, it's still A PLATE OF PASTA.  Kind of boring compared to all of the other options.  Come on, you can be more adventurous than that.  Go for something with some protein instead!Most of the "mexican" stuff I steer clear of except for the tamales which are a delicious part of a balanced breakfast.  Otherwise, if you want Mexican, go to a Mexican restaurant.  Bella Vista at 20th & Sherman uses no lard in their beans.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2008,6/20/2008,4491,1870,35,7,7>Here is a brief replay of the first conversation I ever had about DIA:Man sitting next to me as we are about to land: "Do you know what DIA is designed to look like?"Me, peering out over his lap into the window: "Um, tee-pees?"Man: "No. Come on. It's easy. What does it look like?"Me: "It looks like tee-pees to me."Man, now clearly frustrated with my idiocy: "It's the Rockies!"Well, it may be a bit of a stretch of the imagination to say it looks like the Rockies, but the design is really nice for an airport. It's really light, bright and open in the airport. It's fairly easy to find your way around to different terminals, the baggage claim and where you can get picked up. I love all of those things about DIA.One reason that it doesn't get 5 stars is that it's kind of far away. But, the major reason is that new statue they've put up that my friends and I have started affectionately referring to as "the devil horse." You know what I mean - it's the bucking bronco with blazing red eyes that jumps out at you as you turn the corner. So creepy. And why does it have red eyes?
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/30/2008,6/16/2008,4,1,3,2,1>I went to Racine's as my first "breakfast joint" in Denver.  The atmosphere is a lot different from what you would expect.  Very modern decor, muted golds and tans, perhaps some sage, very high ceilings, and an island bar toward the back.  I did not know what to expect when I was told to meet there, but considering It was for breakfast I was thinking it was going to be more of a mama schmoe's stacks shack style.  So when I arrived I was a bit scared that I may be paying out hand over fist.  We were sat out on the porch, which was ok, however the bright morning sun was not shaded for my date (in the end that ends up being ok, because turns out she is kind of a huge bitch).  The menu was surprisingly reasonable, considering I was expecting some $30+ type of brunch thing.  So in the neighborhood of 7-12 dollars a meal.  I ordered an eggs benedict type of thing, but with avocado instead of ham.  It came with potatoes, I think.  Ha! the fact  that I can't remember must mean it wasn't that great!  No, but it was good, certainly haven't ever had the option of an avocado eggs benedict before, and it was quite tasty.  She ordered a cheese egg white only omelet with fruit.   Didn't try the omelet, but have to imagine that it can't be too exciting, but what can you do with an order like that!  The fruit was pleasantly diverse, most places fruit is = melon, more different melon, grapes, maybe banana, if you are lucky strawberry, more melon.  This had berries and black berries and well yes melon, I guess its just that it had black berries in her fruit medley.  So props for that.  As others have said before the menu is very large, like over a dozen different omelets (including egg white only with cheese!).  Overall the food didn't blow me away, but the service was nice, the atmosphere was nice, and I didn't leave hungry nor did I leave broke.  Would I do it again?  Surely.  Would I gush and rave about it and talk about how its like an orgasm in your mouth?  No.  Three stars.  Its good.S
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2008,6/15/2008,34,238,14,7,6>It could be that I'm incredibly naive, but it never occurred to me why, as many times as I'd gone out drinking on South Broadway, no one ever suggested we go into BJ's Carousel.  Regardless, my wife and I stopped in here spontaneously on a Friday night.  I started to realize what I was getting into as soon as I saw a huge stack of untouched Out Front magazines next to the door.  I don't know why they were untouched.  Maybe no one here needed to bother reading them because they are qualified to be contributing editors, or maybe this places goes through lots of them so are constantly restocking.  So, I realized pretty quickly this wasn't our typical crowd, but I'm cool with all that so we continued in to at least have a drink or two, plus there was a free show.  As naive as I thought I was, it took my wife quite a bit longer figure out what the situation was.  Even though the restrooms were labeled "Men" and "Unisex" and the presence of what she noticed were "a lot of very tall women" it took a while to sink in.  And by the way the Men's restroom has mirrors mounted very low on the walls.  From these new angles, you might be able to find a mole you never knew you had.  We tried to order Beer but they have nothing on tap.  That was when I think my wife started to understand that the regulars likely don't drink much beer, it's way too many calories.  So instead we got a couple of glasses of the house wine for only $4 each.  It was a generous glass, served in a heavy goblet.  My wife said hers was good, but mine tasted like there was a half a shot of Jagermeister in it.  While I was taking a sip I noticed that there was a display case on the wall, and all I could think is...  what are those?... are those what I think they are?... are those for sale?Every table had an events calendar and I was impressed by the sheer volume and creativity of the events that go on here.  I almost gave it 4 stars based just on that, but I just can't see myself coming back for Beach Volleyball on Wednesday.  On this particular Friday night the event involved trannies lip-syncing show tunes, and what we saw of it was very entertaining.  But there was a little too much Barbara Streisand and not enough Madonna.  The DJ was hilarious and he could have run the show by himself.  So I think it's awesome that I now know of a place where I can see such things in Denver, and everyone was extremely friendly, but this isn't my scene so I probably won't be back any time soon.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,6/14/2008,28,28,6,7,6>When considering bang for the buck, this place might be my favorite restaurant in Denver. The obvious starting point in any review of this place has to be the tacos and salsas. The tacos are pure magic- from the excellent meats to the physics defying tortillas. I have to talk about these tortillas for a second. It's one thing for them to be fresh and tasty, but these things refuse to get soggy and break. At times some of the meats (especially the adobada & carnitas) can be pretty wet. These tortillas stand up under any conditions, kind of like those Bounty (the quicker picker upper) commercials where someone sops up a whole gallon of milk and then the kids use the paper towel as a trampoline. Well, these tortillas do the taco equivalent, and then they go after world peace and other miracles. Now let's talk about meat. Here, everything is so unbelievably tasty. The carnitas and barbacoa are BBQ quality, the adobada is superb, and the el pastor is tasty and crunchy and soft all at the same time. One warning- if you folks think of chicharones (I know I misspelled) as crunchy and pork rind-like, pass on it here. They are like gelatin. Oh yeah, and these tacos are 1.55 each. Unbelievable. Now with the salsa bar. As long as you don't mind taking some chances and experimenting a bit, this is excellent. There are around 7-8 salsas to choose from, and the crazy thing is that none of them are labeled. There are a few green ones, a couple orange ones, a couple red ones, a pico-like mixture of fresh tomato, onion, cilantro, and peppers (get a lot of this). There are also onions and jalapenos for the taking. Overall, just grab a bunch of them and experiment bite by bite. Now the REALLY good stuff. Let's start with the gordita. HEAVEN. It's like a thin masa bun stuffed with meat and a little dash of cheese. I always go with the el pastor gordita because unlike the tortillas, the gordita "bun" doesn't handle moisture well. This "bun" (sorry if there is an official term for this, but I'm originally from Ohio and there is so much I don't know) gives these things a taste that is unrivaled. Two different friends of mine said these things are one of the best things they have ever eaten. You just take a bite, enjoy the taste, and it just seems to make sense. Oh yeah, and these things are less than $3. Next, let's talk torta. I had this for the first time earlier today, and WOW. The best way to explain this miracle is a Mexican sandwich, and eating one of these things makes you think they invented the sandwich. This thing is HUGE. A buddy of mine split one with me (we had already had quite a bit, but really wanted to try one). This was a wise move due to the size. It was so good though, we were talking about it the whole ride home. Whenever the car would get silent, someone would just blurt out, "wow, that torta was freaking awesome." I feel like I'll be saying that to myself for the next few weeks. Misc: Chowing like this while drinking a pacifico is just about perfect. If they didn't have beer, I would have to knock them down a star. Today, a mariachi-ish band came in, this was new for me. There were two older gents dressed as cowboys, and a teenager dressed as a teenager. Also, they incorporated a banjo. It was a nice touch. One last note. usually when you find tasty meals for dirt cheap, you suffer some horrible side effect (like whenever I have pho, my mouth and throat are coated in some type of coating for a day and a half). Ty's (what my buddies call Tacos y Salsas) seems to serve pretty good stuff, as the only side effect I feel is uncomfortable fullness, and that is 100% self inflicted. If you like tacos and the Mexican genre (not New Mexican, not Tex-Mex), you are cheating yourself by not trying this place. And here's a tip, buy a DVD on the way out (they have vendors right outside the door), because you will most likely be couch-bound for a few hours following a meal.
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2008,6/13/2008,29,77,6,9,7>Well, it's my birthday today.  So we went for a birthday brunch at the Coral Room.  And it was pretty fine and good.FYI, they do not take reservations for Brunch.  You just gotta show up as close to 10AM as you can and hope they still have room.  They typically stop taking walk-ins at 12:30pm.I had the braised pork on cheddar grits with poached eggs.  The whole thing was saucy and juicy and awesome.  Very enjoyable.The lady had the spinach, mushroom, tomato, gruyere omelet.  It was tasty and good.  The tomatoes in it were whole, tiny little tomatoes.  Didn't much care for that aspect of it.Coffee kept coming.  And the bottomless mimosas (Nine dollars!) were refilled even more often.  Definitely got my bucks' worth on that.Was given a copule of free "blueberry pancake" shots at the end of the meal since it was my birthday.  Thanks!Great meal, cozy atmosphere.  Relaxed attire.  Even the wait staff wore blue jeans and whatever tops they felt like.All around great experience.  We'll be back.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,6/12/2008,1081,424,7,12,11>Damn you Food Network and your Grillin' Week! Day after day of nothing but bbq related programing. I watched shows from people that I would normally not waste a second on just because I love all things bbq. Years ago when I lived at home and we had a large grill. We would cook on it all the time. All year long. I remember it snowing heavily outside and we would be on our patio watching it as we cooked on our grill. That's how much we loved it. One year I made 4th of July dinner for our family and our neighbors. Baby Back Ribs cooking on the grill for 7 hours to where you lift the bone and the meat just falls off. Makes me want to go out and buy a big large grill right this moment. However we have a teensy weensy Coleman propane grill and must make do with that. Anyway...after a long week of watching all those shows. My girlfriend and I needed to go out and get some good barbeque (or barbecue). I come to my trusty Yelpers for help with finding the right place to go. Sam Taylor's was what caught my eye. It also helped that it's not too far from us as we were dying for some ribs. We got there in the early afternoon on Sunday and there was only a few cars in the parking lot.  Good, good. We walked inside and smell just hit us. Mmmmmmm... the place was calm, a few people inside enjoying their meals. We were seated right away and had a look at the  menu. We both ordered the 4 rib meal. Both got baked beans, I got sam's chip and she got potato salad. My girlfriend is not a pork eater, but I will say this. She is a total convert after eating these ribs. I am quite proud of her actually, because she's a white meat, off the bone type of gal, but that day, she had sauce on her hands and face. That's how much she/we love them.Their chips were chewy and cripsy. The baked beans were delicious. The ribs as mentioned were so good. The meat came right off the bone and it was so favorful and the sauce was pretty tasty too. Not too spicy and not too sweet. I was a had a thickness to it. Definitely something they could bottle and sell. Not the end all, be all, but pretty damn good.Definitely a place I can see myself going back to on a regular basis. My only complaint and it can't even really be called that is I wanted to order a beer and sadly they don't have any of my favorites on tap or in bottle there. I see a couple more visits this summer to Sam's.This place just wet my bbq whistle so to speak and I'm headed to a few other places and soon hopefully :)
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,6/10/2008,68,18,15,10,9>JJ bistro is dope-on-a-rope.  Working downtown, i've found that this place can provide the perfect meal for wanting to slack off at work... i.e. 'i'm so full i couldn't possibly walk back to work.'i've also found that if one were to inquire about items 'not on the menu' they are more than happy to provide.In recent visits, i've been showered with foodgifts... steamed whole halibut, sea-bass/seaweed soup, rice/tapioca pudding, 'tofu skin,' the list goes on.As slow as this place is, it's not hard, i imagine, to remember customers, but the hospitality from 'the owner' ('an awesome lady') is quite remarkable.jokingly, i told her i was going to give her my phone number to call me when the kitchen was eating something special.she agreed to it.i'm not saying this is the end-all of authentic chinese, or that this is the most remarkable thing to hit the culinary world, it's just a good blend of good food, a good lady, and turning salt-and-pepper squid in to 'gosh darn it, people like me'UPDATE:  She called.  Pigfeet.  And when I got wasted (by her standards, not mine) i rode home with the delivery driver. Now that, Denver, is service.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,6/9/2008,72,567,11,1,2>I went to Lime with a group of girlfriends after work on a weekday.  This is a fun and trendy place to meet friends for drinks.  They have one of the best mango margaritas, so good that I think our waiter had too many of them himself.  When asked for a mango margarita, he brought us a coke.  When asked to split the bill evenly among 5 people, he split it among 3.  When asked where the bathroom is, he showed us the kitchen.  Okay, just kidding on the last one, but we did find the others entertaining.The food is decent.  I had the margarita chicken and liked it.  I also could not stop munching on their tortilla chips, which have just the right amount of oilyness and crispiness.  They have $3 off specials on mojitos (my favorite drink) on Mondays (now my favorite day of the week).  Just be careful, if you drink too much, Lime will hire you as a waiter.1 star off: meat market for the very young crowd1 star extra: drunk waiter was entertaining1 star off: drunk waiter was drunk
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2008,6/8/2008,82,77,,6,4>I finally met fellow Yelpers, who were very lovely, here. I enjoyed the upscale atmosphere and visual appeal. I had a very nice house Chardonnay and the Thin Crust Pizza. The pizza was wondeful, almost like a salad (Balsamic Glaze on arugula) on pizza crust. The only issue, and it could have been a misunderstanding (because I arrived very late) was that our section wasn't serviced by a cocktail waitress. Not a big deal, because we were right next to the bar, but would have been nice. I will be returning though to explore more of the menu.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2008,6/6/2008,15,13,9,7,6>This is a romantic comedy.Imagine the scenario where an ill-equipped bachelor man finds out he has some child somewhere that he didn't know about and all the hilarity that ensues watching him attempt to care for said child.  It's like that see, but the child is a dog.  I inherited her from my ex girlfriend who couldn't keep her in her new house.  Her name is sophie and her favorite things are sleeping on the couch and barking at bums in the alleyway.  Also she seems to favor stealing sticks of butter off the counter when she can and devouring them wrapper and all.  She grunts. She farts. I have to pick up her poop.  Do you see the hilarity inherent in this scenario.My ex insists that she eat this particular brand of food that, lets be frank, costs more per pound than anything I eat with any regularity.  This is the fricking foie gras of dog food over here. Each little chunk of dog food must be hand rolled in gold dust and prayed over by representatives of all major world religions.  I have, at times, caught myself peering longingly over at the bag when all I have in my fridge is, say, hot dogs.  Or mayo.But I digress.  This is after all a romantic comedy.  Quality Paws is where I get the cadillac of dog foods.  It's a great store, clean, inviting, roomy in its new location on Broadway where Crown used to be.  There are friendly fluffy dogs hanging around the place and in the back some sweet little kittens that you can adopt if you're into that, but mostly you just have to make sure to not step on them because they're somewhat dim witted.And, in the cute little pet store in my cute little neighborhood with the cute dogs and cats and bags of premium everything to make your pet clean, full, and happy there works an absolutely adorable pet store girl.  See where I'm going with this? See how this plays into our romantic comedy?Absolutely, pet store girl, I would like to join your email list.  I want to sign the club card to get, eventually, a free bag of expensive doggy food.Yes, thank you for asking, I did find everything I was looking for.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,6/5/2008,334,48,4,10,10>File under:  You've driven by it enough times, now STOP!I can't believe that I'm the first to review this place, as I think it's one of the best Mexican restaurants in town.  Sitting in a crappy old strip mall on Leetsdale, I must have driven by this place a hundred times before ever considering to stop in.  But I'm so glad that I did.  The food here is awesome, and all over the map (of Mexico).  TONS of great seafood dishes (the tostada de ceviche mixta is our normal meal starter), street style tacos, smothered burritos the size of a toddler, menudo, birria, terrific breakfast dishes and more.BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE!Want some pan dulce (Mexican sweet bread)?  They've got a whole case of colorful treats.  Want some Mexican candy or snacks?  They've got a rack of it.  Pinata?  Yep.  International calling cards?  No prob, right behind the register.  Seriously, it's like one-stop shopping here.  I've heard there's a meat counter in the back where you can buy meat, too, but I've never tried it.The decor is pretty cheesy, but that's not why I come.  They have a couple of tvs that are normally playing either soccer games, telenovelas, or Spanish-dubbed movies.  They also have a great jukebox full of bumpin' Mexican music.  And when I say bumpin', I mean it (aka the booth right next to the juke is not the best place to sit).The crowd is totally mixed, and makes for some great people watching.  You've got Mexican families, gringo families, youngsters on dates, people having business lunches, you name it.  And everyone's welcome.  While all the staff speaks Spanish, there's always at least one English speaker there for the no hablo espagnol patrons.So if I love this place so much, why not 5 stars?  The damn chips.  They use crappy bagged chips, and it KILLS me, cause the rest of their food is so good.  I would give them that last star in a heartbeat if they would just start making their own. So next time you're driving down Leetsdale and feeling those familiar hunger pangs starting, think about your good buddy Matt, and stop at El Coyotito.  You can thank me later.Cheers!
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,6/4/2008,16,34,3,10,12>There are places that you write about because you went to them and formed an opinion and decide to share.  Then, there are places you WANT TO TELL EVERYONE about because you they are YOUR places, that you go to over and over because you love them and you love the people who work there.  I have been taking my dog to For the love of Dog for 3 months now, and I can't honestly believe I was able to manage my life before I found them.  It is the best.  My Maltese mix is only 9 pounds and he was really shy at first.  I was relieved that they don't put little dogs in with the big ones, in fact, that is why I first decided to go there.But honestly, besides the clean facility and great grooming, it's the people that keep me going.  Dana, Rob, Rodrigo, just to name a few...and there are about 10 others I could name, are amazing with the dogs.  They truly care and have spent time with me beyond what would be considered necessary to teach me about training and nutrition.  My dog's life has been improved so much due to my discovering For The Love of Dog (Thanks Dog Savvy!) and I want to shout it out to everyone.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2008,6/2/2008,67,174,,11,8>Finally I've found a hardware store that IS what I think it SHOULD be.  After going to Lowe's and Home Depot to find one silly O Ring for my sprinkler system (and being told they don't sell individual O rings, but I could buy a $30 water pressure system to get the o ring off of) I was told by a Home Depot worker that The Big Tool Box would have my sought after o ring.  I'd never been to The Big Tool Box before, so I didn't know what to expect.  Well, Home Depot and Lowe's have just lost a customer!  This place had very helpful, kind people working there.  They had my o rings for $0.59!!  They also had some solar lights my dad was looking for and couldn't find at the other two big box retailers.  Their lawn mowers were exactly the same price as the other two places, but the employees actually KNEW something about them and helped me load it.  The garden center was beautiful and I could have easily spent two paychecks there, but I didn't.I'm excited to have a place to go when I need home and garden type stuff.  Yippee!!!  Even my dad told the cashier (who was super nice by the way), "Your store is so much better than Home Depot."  You would have thought he just told her he loved her--it made her day--she was so thankful.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2007,5/31/2008,105,103,7,5,5>I live 10 minutes from this location, but until this week had never stopped.  This was partly because I assumed (incorrectly- I now know) that a place with this many locations would have a chain vibe and crummy food.  Not true amigos!  Now, I've been twice in 4 days.Great price (less than 6 bucks) for a delicioso green chile smothered carnitas burrito.  There is a sign above the counter that indicates they won Westword's hottest Mexican food award.  I took this as a personal challenge and ordered the hot green chile. Bring it!  They do have a choice of mild, med. or hot.  I can't speak authoritatively and pronounce this THE hottest green chile in town, since I haven't logged the research hours (or calories) -but the stuff is certainly spicy.  The kind of spicy that required a couple of nose blows and some Lamaze style breathing to finish the plate.  I dig that, so I'm giving the place 4 stars and much more repeat business.Tip: If your trying to gain weight for your next Bridget Jones role, ask them to add some crema on top.  It cuts the heat a little and adds another layer of richness to the dish.
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,5/29/2008,12,22,8,10,9>I am a cat person.  Alas, I have friends with dogs and they treat them like they are kids so I knew for our holiday celebration I needed gifts for the "kids".Dog Savvy in Larimer Square had me covered.  I was expecting it to be super expensive because of the location, but I got a lot for under $50.  The sales girl, a giggly brunette, was extremely helpful and fun and made fantastic suggestions for toys.  I also got a "diva" photo frame and some bakery treats that smelled good enough for me to eat.  They even had some treats for Vera kitty, so everyone pretty much made out.The store was beautiful and filled with so much "spoil your kids" stuff that I was thinking how fun it might be to have a dog.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2008,5/28/2008,467,473,3,5,9>It was in a way anti-climactic but also very pleasant to meet the Denver Yelpers who were at Saturday Brunch here at Dish today.  Our waiter told me that Dish will close down for awhile and then re-open as a "pool and darts" place, will still be a restaurant, and will be doing brunch on the weekends too.  Lots of Yelpers had the various Benedicts and seemed to enjoy them.  The bottomless Mimosas seemed to be a good deal at $5.  The coffee I had seemed to be fresh ground, and was excellent.  I had an appetizer with lox, cream cheese, mini bagels, boiled egg fragments, red onions, capers, and such.  While it wasn't anything to write home about, I should have noticed that the Veggie Benedict would have been a more appropo choice for me.  Oh, well.I rather liked the decor/atmosphere here.  Cool chandeliers...would love one for my new artsy decor plans for my dining room @ home.  By the way, did I mention that all my anticipatory anxiety about being 49ish and a non-drinker probably was pointless?   I am who I am.  Denver Yelp is an evolving and amazing and seemingly accepting sort of group of humans...It's  all good, right?
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2008,5/27/2008,24,44,6,12,8>I have been wanting to try Chedds for some time now as grilled cheese was one of my childhood weaknesses.  My friend and I went Saturday to check it out.   The menu spanned more than 3 columns of a very large black board. You can go with pre-designed or make your own. You choose your bread, cheese, veggie options and meat options. We arrived on a weekend so there was no line, and the un-initiated could flounder without stress. The staff knew we were newbies, but were polite enough to ask if this was our first time. We nodded yes, and were instructed on how it worked. I went with a basic wheat, jalapeno cheese, and tomato.My friend had wheat, habanero and bacon. Both were good, next time I think I'll load up on the veggies. The restaurant was VERY warm, not sure if this is a normal thing, but be prepared!  The prices are a little high for bread and cheese, but if the mood strikes you for this comfort food, it could be worth it.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,5/24/2008,40,272,2,14,12>Fresh, easy, cheap, organic...All the benefits of a CSA with none of the hassle!  I signed up with these guys because of a friend's recommendation.  For a bit over $20 a week, they deliver a big box of organic produce (choose veggies, fruits, or a mix) to your front porch!What's the catch?  I haven't found one yet...You pay by the week, can cancel or go on hold any time, no commitment required, you can substitute things you don't like for things you do...  It really seems too good to be true!Now I always have fresh veggies and it's so easy to eat healthy!  This will force you to think outside the box- trying new stuff is fun!My only beef is it's not always local...  but for a CSA, which is local, there is a HUGE pain in the ass factor.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2008,5/23/2008,11,13,5,7,9>Roll in. Get pointed to the one empty table. Have your order taken real fast. They drop your plate of fixins (how do you say fixins in Vietnamese?). Pho arrives. Hit that shriracha, decide it's not enough and add way too much (as if there was such a thing). Fall in love with the ridiculously large bowl of broth and meat and everything. Suspect that your friend got more noodles than you. Sweat. Pay six bucks. Leave full.Normally, I'd beef over no booze, but it keep the wallet full and allows for a no-issue drive back to Cap Hill.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2007,5/22/2008,140,191,11,7,8>My oh my.Every. single. bite. will make you simultaneously think "This is so f-ing good, I must eat more" and "I should not be eating this, I might as well fill a ziploc bag with cheez whiz and tape it to my ass, I'm so disgusting."Every. single. time. I go in there, the cool chick compliments me on something I'm wearing. If you've read anything else I've ever written, you may have guessed that I am not what you would call a fashionista. Plus, whenever I'm here I am in the middle of painting or gardening or cleaning. But I noticed the trend right away, and I've been testing it. The first time I was wearing a NY hat and so everyone in the shop joked with me about it. The next time, the cool chick said she liked my pants and wanted to know where I got them.  (Um, JC Penney, like 2 years ago?) Today I was wearing my man's t-shirt, might as well be a night shirt on me, and she said, "Oh, I love White Castle burgers! Cool shirt!" So it doesn't matter how grimey or stinky or dorky I am, they will always welcome me with open arms at South Philly Cheesesteaks. Ambiance is about a 2, there is a mural of South Philly on the wall but otherwise nothing much to make it stand out. But you don't come here for the fine linen, you come here for the people --family owned, the owner is always manning the grill-- and the inexpensive, guilt-inspiring food, served up fast.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,5/21/2008,101,138,2,9,3>On Sunday, some people drive slow, some people crave brunch, some folks find God... I crave a Cricket Burger.I used to think that a burger was a difficult thing to screw up.  Meat, bread, cheese optional... Go.  After having a burger at the Cherry Cricket you get the sense that a lot of places screw their burgers up.  Either that, or the people at the Cricket know some secret that most of Denver doesn't.The burgers come out perfect every time.  Seriously every time.  Medium rare. Juicy, the right amount of greasy and messy.  The consensus with other Yelpers about the staff being a little slow/surly is generally on the mark and the only real reason this isn't a 5 star review.Personal favorite: Herb Cream Cheese Bacon Burger.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,5/20/2008,639,447,13,7,7>I will skip the poetic niceties. This place is like a frosting covered wet dream. Every time I'm on Colfax, I make it a point to have an extra 20 minutes to stop into The Shoppe and get some cupcakes. I love all the work they do with design and I think it's awesome that one store could incorporate 2 things that I love so much: Design and Sugar. I mean, there's really nothing else better than that in life.The other thing I really like is that this place is open until 2 in the morning. These geniuses realize that my willpower is lowest at about 1:37 in the morning when I am making my way home from a bar. Unfortunately, their selection is usually smaller at that time but, lucky for them, I usually don't care as long as I can be stuffing gourmet frosted cupcakes into my piehole at a ferocious rate.
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2008,5/19/2008,68,174,12,4,4>I find it kind of hard to rate this restaurant, because my experience was a little different that your run-of-the-mill eating escapades.  So anywho, I ordered the Chile Relleno, thinking it was a safe choice.  Oh, boy was I wrong.  The first couple of bites were good, till I started finding something crunchy.  A few seconds later my eyes begin to tear up, my noise is running while I'm chewing, and my mouth becomes a fiery inferno.  I start freaking out and drinking water, to no avail.  Crazy things are running through my head, I'm sure that right here in this little restaurant I am going to die from whatever was in that killer relleno.  I'm actually thinking of asking my dad to take me home so I can ????? suck on a towel filled with ice cubes, drink a gallon of milk, run my mouth under the faucet until I can't feel anything.  After about 5 minutes of excruciating pain, my dad has the bright idea to find something better than water.  Luckily they do serve Horchata in the big gulp sized cups, so I was able to qualm a little of the burning.  I have to say this is the first Chile Relleno that I've ever had that has fresh chopped jalapenos in it.  Nothing against the food, maybe I'm just too much of a wimp?  (My dad had to finish the plate and he said that there was definitely, at least, maybe some burn).   men...
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,5/18/2008,1066,1294,5,6,9>Not to be confused with Toast restaurant in Littleton.......................I've been wanting to visit this liquor store in the 'hood since its the ONLY place in the metro area that sells six packs of Twisted Pine RASPBERRY WHEAT ALE (I had to play detective and  call Twisted Pine Brewery in Boulder and talk to the marketing rep). Applejacks sells the TP variety pack but alas, no raspberry wheat in the bunch. Well, I finally ran out of beer (imagine!) and decided to visit this place mid-week, mid-afternoon. I parked in front and met the wife. She was super friendly and made me feel welcome. The TP Raspberry Wheat was waiting for me in a cooler by the front door. I will be back (imagine my best Arnold impression here). Maybe even pedal my bike to work on the beer gut/muffin top.FYI; Located in a residential area on 23rd Ave. between Lowell and Sloan's LakeP.S.  My Brother's Bar serves TP Raspberry Wheat on tap. Try it! You'll be back for more.............
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2008,5/17/2008,260,513,11,5,6>5280 Restaurant Week Choice. I had been waiting three weeks for last night. We chose Panzano because of the menu; there was a mushroom crepe waiting for me (OK, Crespelle ai Funghi).We arrived at our allotted time spot and had to wait about 20 minutes as no one was leaving as they were supposed to. This was OK because watching the staff was like watching that VISA ad where everything is working mechanically smooth. It was like a dance. Once seated in a nice booth away from the hustle and bustle, we began the decision making process for our meal and wine. Everything ran smoothly, the wine and my beer were brought out, then the crepe I had so been waiting for.... and it was heaven. Drizzled with truffle oil. The boys had Gamberi Fritte (fried shrimp with prosciutto.) Second course were the salads, my spinach had a lavender-citrus vinaigrette. Wonderful. The husband was eating a Caesar and cleaning the last crumbs on his plate when the mechanical smoothness came to a stop. A real train wreck!!!  What he thought was a crumble of blue cheese was a piece of ABC gum!!! (The husband thinks it was a wintergreen Chiclet). This discovery came at almost the same second the waiter was picking up the plates. His plate, with the gum, was whisked away immediately. We were all shivering in total gross out. The manager first came over and profusely apologized and said we would be taken care of. A few minutes later the Head Chef of the evening came over almost in tears over the gum; no one was allowed to chew gum in his kitchen. However, because of 5280 week, they had added many new servers just for the event. Instead of making a major issue we laughed about it and said we understood, I think we had all had enough to drink and they were so nice about everything and accidents do happen, and it gave us a hilarious topic of conversation for the rest of the evening. Was someone blowing a joint, needed to freshen their breath, and then the chef walked by being strict about his gum rules...or? You get the picture. The meal began again with the mechanical smoothness as before. No one else knew what had happened. The entrees were wonderful with the Colorado lamb cannelloni being voted the best of the best. Although I thought my eggplant was the best. Desert was a trio sampling of a Warm Chocolate Peanut Butter Torte, Candied Apple, and a Lemon Mousse Crepe. I brought the apple home with a little extra of the caramel sauce for dipping (a gift from the waiter). And no it is not for my horses. So how about those stars.......I probably would have given Panzano 4 stars without the ABC incident, as we were seated late for having reservations. However, we all had a YELP conversation and decided that this menu was outstanding and the way they handled our situation gave them the 5 stars. Even the husband is laughing this morning (he says as long as he does not come down with some major disease). You know accidents do happen even with the best; however, one small comment....did you know restaurants have a foreign object discount listed on the bill? That gave us another laugh.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2008,5/16/2008,21,79,6,3,2>I don't like when things have dumb names. I don't like having to say them to the waitress, and I don't like not being able to get something I really want because the name is too stupid to utter aloud. These are my own issues, I know....Hot Cakes Diner has a dish called the Hot Cakes Nurse. Hot Cakes Nurse? Are you kidding me? Do you expect me to say that? Im sure the waiters dont like saying that.But. They have good normal breakfast food. The decor is laughable, which is what I like about the place, and the service is ok. Its cheap, you can sit and read the paper and have a good diner-ish meal without feeling totally gross. I really like the breakfast sandwich with fruit, and the Paradoxical Skillet ( you see? dumb name.) which has potatoes, eggs, avocado, tomato and swiss. I do the eggs scrambled with that one. Don't ask me why, its just better. Trust me.They either make/buy their hot sauce from somebody in this state, and its some good shit. I have yet to try the sweet potato waffle but it looks good and everybody says its good, so its probably lovely. WHY MUST IT BE CALLED HOT CAKES NURSE? WHY????Addendum: I know that this joint is by the hospital and that is why. But it still makes my brain shudder and hurt.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2008,5/15/2008,397,602,3,4,5>I can't even count how many times I've gone to this place in the 6 months or so that I've called Denver my home.  It's not the best place I've ever been to for a show, but definitely not the worst.  It gets very hot and humid in here. Feels like there is no ventilation in the entire place.  I usually stick to the 21+ area of the venue, which sucks because it is only the top floor (of course this is for all ages shows)The drinks are ridiculously expensive. They are also very cheap on the drinks so it feels like you aren't even drinking alcohol, which is a total rip because each drink's something like $8 apiece.  Do yourself a favor and predrink before coming here.  Parking is a b***ch over here as well, so I try to take the Mall Ride then foot it all the rest of the way up Colfax. Ever try to parallel park a Honda Passport? It is totally not fun.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,5/14/2008,97,90,4,6,6>During past travels out of state and for special occasions in town I highly recommend staying at any Westin or Starwood resort.  That said, my recent stay at The Westin Westminster was a five star experience.I booked The Westin Westminster for our wedding night as I've never had a bad experience in any of their hotels and knew they would exceed our expectations.I arrived at about 11:00am on Saturday morning just to drop off the car as the limo was going to drop us off later that evening and thought I'd inquire on an early check in.  The front desk staff was great and to my surprise accommodated my early check in.  When advising the front desk staff of the special occasion they were nothing but congratulatory and advised that they provide a few niceties for couples staying on their wedding night of which I'll mention in a few.After a fabulous wedding celebration we were dropped off at The Westin Westminster and promptly meet by the bell staff.  Our bags were quickly stored as we made our way into the room.  The hotel staff had provided us with these cool battery operated candles on each nightstand with a heart made of silk rose petals left on the bed.  The rooms are upscale with all of the modern amenities, marble tile in the bathroom and the softest robes ever.We completed the room service card for breakfast in bed and upon arrival in the morning the waiter was very accommodating and polite.  Unwrapping each item we had ordered, poured our coffee and provided a hand written card from the staff congratulating us on our new marriage.  Before leaving he mentioned that the huge breakfast was on the house and advised that he would be our personal assistant for the remainder of the stay.  WOW!Needless to say we didn't take advantage of the fitness center, pool or restaurant, however hope you understand why.For an in-town special occasion or your business travel to Denver, The Westin Westminster is the spot.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,5/12/2008,21,103,,11,5>We just ate here last night for Denver Restaurant Week.  Luckily, we didn't have any greeting like Sabrina C. had.  We were greeted promptly.  I requested a booth and we got one.  It was very comfy.  I don't think I'd want to sit in any of the dining room tables as it was very busy and I guess I just prefer the privacy of booths.  Their booths have very high seat backs so it's like your own little corner of the restaurant.Our server was excellent.  We were treated no differently than if we were eating off of the regular menu.  We each had a glass of wine, very expensive but they pour heavy.  In fact, the servers bring the bottles to the table and they pour away!I had the crab cake.  Denver restaurants serving crab cakes really need to see Oceanaire's.  It was huge and almost a meal within itself.  Very very good, not a lot of breading, but lumps of real crab.  My husband had the calamari, also excellent.  Not tons of breading but thick slices of squid.  The sauces that came with the appetizers really made the dish.Next came the main entree, we both had the trout.  I'm a Colorado local so am used to whole trout.  I remember reading a review of the fish here (or maybe Citysearch?) that there were bones in the fish.  Hellooooo?  First, it's a freaking fish and fish have bones, second, the trout is a WHOLE trout, so of course you get bones.  I should have picked the Mahi because trout just isn't my favorite fish, but I liked that it was stuffed with shrimp.  Very fresh and tasty, not overcooked, juicy, just wonderful.Lastly I had the chocolate mousse, creamy and smooth, just like it should be.  It was a little bit too rich for me, but that's because I'm just not into chocolate like most people.  I'm sure everyone else would love it.  In fact, my husband finished it off after he had his mini key lime pie.  Also good and fresh, made with real key limes.I saw everyone being served promptly.  Our dishes were taken away as soon as we were done.  When the waitress took my husband's appetizer away, she somehow picked up both forks.  Within two seconds a busboy handed him a fork.  I was really impressed.  When our dish wasn't taken away immediately, a well dressed manager took them away.This is a pricey spot.  But well worth the money.  The atmosphere is just like they say, a cruise liner.  The bathrooms were awesome, huge white sinks.  You felt like you were in a 40s ship.  The bar looked like it could become my #1 bar to hit.  I think I will drop by just to have some of their oysters and a drink.I knew this was a hit when my husband said, I want to go here on my birthday.  5 stars to Oceanaire!!!!!!!!!
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,5/11/2008,61,89,3,5,5>I am speaking of Tom's in retrospect, since my current low-fat, high-fiber, no-white-bread-or-refined-sugar diet places the delicacies at Tom's Home Cookin' solidly in my past.But on cold days at work, not too long ago, Tom's was always the order of the day. Warm, golden cornbread, crunch-covered, buttermilk-poached homemade fried chicken, salty, buttery collard greens... perfect on a chilly day in my cinderblock office.Those of you fortunate enough to be free in your consumption of sweets should definitely try the sweet tea, it's unlike anything I've had outside of Atlanta.Just be sure to get the takeout and get there early, the lines are usually a little insane at this Five Points institution.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2008,5/10/2008,190,292,8,7,2>This is the sad. My brother and I first visited Banzai about two and a half years ago and had a great experience. Service was great, food was great, parking was great, etc.We returned this past weekend to celebrate my brother's birthday. Since we had two kids under the age of one with us, we went right at 5pm, when they opened.That place gets packed FAST.Our service was bad. I mean, wow. Bad. The waitress seemed perturbed when my brother asked for suggestions on which sake to try. She was generally absent for the majority of the meal, and it took a serious effort just to get her to bring the check.And the sushi? Well, it was pulled from a very expansive menu - I'll give them credit for that aspect. However, some of it just seemed to be too much. My brother and I selected four rolls to split and it was waaaaaaaay too much food. And they're enormous rolls, too. I dunno, maybe I'm just a sushi minimalist or something, but eel wrapped in tuna that's then fried and topped with cream cheese and roe and set on fire while Vivaldi's Four Seasons plays...it got to be just a bit too much. It's like those breakfast places that offer 800 varieties of omelets. Sure, I could put peanut butter and jelly in an omelet, but why?I'm rambling. Point is, if you want to eat funky rolls, feel free to go here, but don't expect service that warrants any sort of valid gratuity.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2008,5/9/2008,5000,2823,5,11,8>Just plain nutty!  Jerry's nuts are sweet.  No really, this is a warehouse type place open to the public so go visit for some decent priced nuts, candy (think gummy bears and chocolate covered nuts), caramel corn and snack mixes (like the Oriental, haha).Do me a favor and try their Jalapeno Kettle Cooked Peanuts.  Out of this world and less than $4 for a huge bag.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,5/8/2008,190,159,2,13,5>This place goes into my Colfax Love files. My ride never looked so sweet! If "local flavor" turns you off, skip the Firehouse. If getting your whip to crack in the sunlight, this is the place to go.For $25 bucks, they gave my sad looking Civic a a vacuum, wash, and wax. When I noticed little spots of sap that had collected from waaaaay last spring, they busted out the hand scrubber and put almost an hour more into getting all those annoying spots and bumps out. Where else would do that?AND, if it rains, you can take your car back within 48 hours (with a receipt) and they'll rewash it for free!
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2008,5/7/2008,14,43,7,9,10>Soul haus is where I mostly shop for my clothes, with the exception of the stifling suits I am required to wear for work time.The unique items, decent selection and general good energy of the store keep me coming back.They also do killer sales every few months that literally knock off 50-75%, so the prices can be quite good.The owner is a cool, laid back dude who is interesting to talk with.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,5/6/2008,210,385,21,7,10>Let me tell you a little story about the Spicy Pickle. A long, long time ago (well, maybe four years ago) in a place called Capitol Hill, there lived a Princess. A vegetarian Princess. And one day this Princess, while running errands in her unicorn-driven chariot, found herself in need of some tasty chow. So she and her Prince stopped into the Spicy Pickle on Colorado Boulevard for a couple sandwiches. As they'd so often done before, the Prince and Princess ordered their vittles To-Go... because it was a glorious spring day in the kingdom of Capitol HIll and the two thought it'd be much nicer eating their lunch on the palace lawn with the Royal Dogs.The Princess ordered a Build Her Own Veggie option, instructing the peasant staff behind the counter to build it high and mighty as if fit for a Queen. The Prince ordered some sort of manly meat concoction (as Princes often do). Neither watched their sandwich being made, but rather turned their attentions to observing their loyal subjects as they milled about the parking lots. The Prince and Princess enjoyed people-watching, you see. The sandwiches were wrapped, bagged, and paid for (albeit with a heavy bag of gold), and the Prince and Princess made their way home in the unicorn-driven chariot. But horrors! When they got back to the castle and unwrapped their meal, the Princess discovered that she'd not received what she'd ordered. Instead, her sandwich was filled with...*gasp*...Roast Beast!!! Noooooooo!!!!Perplexed and befuddled, the Princess immediately sent a message with the Royal Page (named Celle Fone) to the Spicy Pickle, alerting them to the heinous misdeed. And what next transpired is the reason why the Spicy Pickle has earned Five Star Legendary Status. Not only did the Master of the Grounds receive the message from Celle Fone and hold court with the Princess directly, he apologized profusely for the error in Sandwichery. Then, he had one of his minions make the correct sandwich at no charge and bade that minion to hop atop his swift steed to DELIVER THE SANDWICH IN HAND TO THE PRINCESS, posthaste! Additionally, he recorded the Princesses Name in a leatherbound book kept behind the counter, for promise of YET ANOTHER free sandwich just for the inconvenience. Now, I must pause as I tell this story... for one must understand that that this IS a Princess I'm talking about. You yourself, lowly peon that you are, may not receive such amazing customer service. You may not even believe this story is true. But I'm here to tell you that it is... and though such High-Class Service is too often a rare thing these days, if you wish hard enough it just might happen to you. Oh... I almost forgot the most important part! They all lived happily ever after. THE END
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,5/5/2008,10,45,2,7,3>I LOVE home cooked food.  Maybe it's because I like home.  Maybe it's because I like food.  But Rocky Mountain Diner is the best down home pan fried chicken I've ever had.  Don't mistake this with KFC deep fried chicken, this is PAN fried... very different.  The coating was seasoned fantastic and I could go on for hours about the REAL mash potatoes with skins still in.  Cracklin gravy....  it's on the menu... but what IS cracklin gravy???  Who the hell knows, all I need to know is that it is unlike any gravy I've ever had.  It is creamy and thick and flavorful and ... yummy yummy yummy!The vegetables, surprisingly, weren't overcooked and mushy like mixed vegetables at any other diner I've eaten at.  Clearly these weren't sitting in a steam pot for half the night.  I really wanted dessert, but after my huge fried chicken I had to settle for drooling over the table across from me.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2007,5/4/2008,540,313,13,14,10>You know that woman who sits next to you on the plane and every time you look to the window that is nearest to her she thinks you are looking at her... and that maybe, just maybe that means you want to have a conversation with her the entire flight without your approval?  Well, that is not Frontier's fault, but that is what happens to me every time I take a Frontier flight.The flight attendant the last time I took Frontier was HOT... I mean, not a milf, but married, so I guess that makes her a Wilf... Anyway another plus is that the Frontier service desks are never crowded, the take off and landing are give and take on time, and they always give you a little snack with your drink that is not just some skimpy peanuts.The best part are the televisions, so if you can plug in as soon as you sit down and then make sure not to make eye contact with that woman next to you.* Star one is for cheap flights to the cities I like to fly to** Grow Denver grow star two is for being based in Denver*** I want one I want one star three is for the airline sponsoring local events and then giving out free sets of plane tickets... Great PR**** Don't talk to me and stuff my face star four is for the individual tv's and the different choices of chips
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,5/3/2008,307,575,13,8,6>Well, once again, thank the stars for my fellow Yelpers - turning me on to another hidden gem!  I had consistently passed up Big Dog Deli for a few reasons:1. Bad signage - total 80's strip mall look to the place2. I thought it was a hot dog joint, and I really only go for dog's at a ballgame (It's not - it's a sandwich joint).3. Lack of notice - it just doesn't stand out...  Until you eat there!I had the Malamute Meatball & Cheese.  It came recommended, and when I was asked what I wanted on it, I just said, "make it how you like it".I could date this sandwich - it was that good.  Perfectly seasoned, juicy in the right places, toasted to perfection...  I wanted to take it home and spoon with it.  It was a work of genius.  Don't let the decor or ambiance fool you.  Big Dog Deli is a cut above, to be certain.  I will definitely be returning.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2008,5/2/2008,47,16,3,8,9>Well me, the gluten-can't eater and my man, the gluten-magnet, found a new favorite restaurant last night. Go Fish, just south of first on Broadway. Sure. I might have ordered sushi and penned, "No Wheat, No gluten, not even soy sauce" across the top of my order, just  to remind the kitchen that I'll accept their seriousness in all  matters of my Celiac Disease.But, rather than simply accepting a sushi fate, we pushed the staff by ordering an entree. I know. But, I was feeling daring on a Friday night. Well. No kidding. They took out the soy sauce, mixed some "Special-Holly-Sauce" and steamed our sea bass to perfection."How can they make it taste so good?" my man, who picked this place for the famed low prices, asked while I stole a bite of his fish.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,5/1/2008,51,71,4,4,4>next to the tattered cover's new home on colfax is a sleek and narrow new joint called encore. it is owned by the proprietors of the eclectic black pearl down the block from sushi den and is a great new addition to the list of small neighborhood establishments that are worth driving around the city to find. the experienced and affable rob campbell oversees the dining room and administers a knowledgeable and swift team of well-trained waiters. there is live music thursday, friday and saturday and it's not so loud to distract from conversation. i like long narrow dining rooms and bars for the ambience of activity they supply and this room, though still a little stark since the opening six weeks ago, has a friendliness that is well lit and comfortable. candles and flowers on the tables will go a long way to finishing the right feel, plus artwork to celebrate the history of the building (this used to be the admin offices of the lowenstein family's theatre). and so to the food: my waldorf salad with seared scallops hit the spot and the wine - an argentinian malbec - worked perfectly. there is a great variety of steaks and seafood entrees, several pizzas, and a good range of cellulose fare (seeds, grass, turnips, twigs etc) to keep those vegetablearian selenodont molars grinding merrily all night. they are a little light on appetizers but doubtless this will improve with time and requests. i liked it enough to go back and it comes in at about $75 for two light meals with wine and a shared earl grey creme brulee. encore!
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,4/29/2008,23,27,2,6,10>Oh my Sanchos. People may not realize this, but this bar is epic in the minds of travelers. I have met so many people in Sanchos who are visiting town and, among the other more obvious places to see like Red Rocks and heading up to the Fort to do a little tasting at New Belgium, this is s certain stop. Sure, it's a counter culture type atmosphere that you only hear about if you're into The Dead or Panic, but believe me, people flock here. My first night ever in Denver when I came out from Missouri to look for apartments, my roomate and I happened upon this bar because we saw an ad in the Westword that said happy hour started at 4:20. We found this hillarious. We walk into Sanchos and are immediately greeted by friendly faces asking where we are from and where we are going. One guy who we ended up conversing with tells us he will be right back. He goes home and gets this painting that he did and says "Here, this is for your new apartment. Welcome to Denver." Yes it smells like patchouli and body odor and stale beer and it might take 3-5 hours for you to hear your songs on the juke. However,  it's worth coming home smelling like a Dead show to find a bar that makes you feel like you're in your favorite college dive and always among kindred spirits who will actually talk to you. So many Denver bars are bathed in the air of pretention and you walk in like your being examined by the editors of Vogue. Jay Bianchi owns Sanchos, Dulcineas, Cervantes, and Quioxtes. They are all bars for the same type of people, those who love the music of the Grateful Dead, people who like people, and those who would rather spend their precious time drinking beer than getting all primped up to go somewhere to drink beer. My friends and I affectionately call this place "The Gym" because it makes us feel like we are going somewhere productive. It's ironic though because it began as a joke, but it actually is kind of like a workout facility for your personal skills, your mind, your ability to recognize that people still communicate with eachother beyond trying to take you home and score something else. This bar is not for everyone, but if you want something other than the typical going out, getting drunk, checking out the opposite sex, than this is a great place to find it.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,4/27/2008,2899,601,5,7,5>This is awesome pizza (I should preface this by the fact I've been eating exclusively Archer's Farms frozen pizza for 6 months but still. GREAT. PIZZA. And I enjoy the fact I still smell like a wood fired oven 8 hours later.) Their menu has 15 custom pizzas, with fancy things like goat cheeze, portabellas, grilled eggplant, artichokes, mozarella, fresh herbs, spicy oils, and all that, I'm sure you can create your own, plus calzones, pastas, salads, and desserts you order tableside. And alcohol, of course. That said, I've only eaten here once but it was so good I'll be back. I mean it. People.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,4/26/2008,23,67,1,5,4>Where else can the food beat you to the table?This is, imo, the BEST dim sum in town.  Hands down!   When you get seated (after a long wait) there is a food cart almost immediately at your table.  Their service is usually pretty decent and attentive.  I used to think Empress was the place to go to...until I went here.  I tried going back to Empress one day and the food was terrible, in comparison.  Super Star has great flavor, good size and creativity.  They have a shrimp and eggplant thing which is fairly rich, but tasty.  I recommend you get there early, put your name on the list, then wander the asian supermarket next door.  There is ALWAYS a wait in the afternoons on weekends...usually 30-40 minutes.  However, it is worth the wait.  Trust me.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2008,4/25/2008,17,12,,4,5>I enjoy Goodfriend's for many reasons. They have the 'hood's cheapest happy hour ($3 drinks and $3 food). They're mere steps from my home (we've been regulars for more than 7 years). The food is consistently average (not bad, not gourmet) and the service is usually pleasant and quick. It's a great place to bring the entire family for brunch (you know, when the in-laws are in town and we all need to eat). There's something on the menu for everyone. To me, Goodfriend's is the local Chili's equivalent menu-wise in an independent-business sense. The food quality is definitely consistent. The managers are top shelf. The wait staff comes and goes (and so does the service quality), but all in all they sincerely try to give you the best possible experience, and I have no quibble with that.Aside from the food and the service, Goodfriend's is a good neighbor. (I live on the block). When we ask Goodfriend's to support our local school or any other grassroots effort, they're always there, in the mix asking how they can help. So, maybe their BLT isn't the best I've ever had, but I'll trade you on food quality any day for their outstanding community vibe. (And, $3 martinis during happy hour. Yum.)For the price, Goodfriend's is a GREAT value. Check them out people!*Update* Yelpers - I just learned this morning that Goodfriends will be closing at the end of May. It will become the new location of Annie's Cafe*
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,4/24/2008,114,440,4,9,5>Stop in around 930 to see if we could catch some live tunes.  Sure for 12 bucks we could be seated behind the curtain and catch whatever group was swooning  *OR* sit in the bar amidst its dim lights and swingin decor and listen to the band over the speakers.  After hearing a few cat calls, I'm glad I didn't lay down dough for that set.The vodka martini was smooth like silk and my Pama Mama wasn't sweet but packed a punch.  At 1030 a group went on the the little landing in the bar area (no charge here!) and started to jive.  I love that the opening song was from Eryka Badhu (sp) and that they were playing this old skool Caribbean enhanced music.  Kudos to the pianist.  The jalapeno artichoke dip didn't pack a punch and was very creamy.  French press coffee was strong and a great note to end the night.Why not 5 stars?  Small cramped magenta pink bathroom with one working toilet.  That and we were seated in front of the Men's WC.... yea every time the door opened I could see a guy standing at the urinal.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,4/23/2008,16,31,,2,4>The best restaurants take you somewhere, and the Cherry Tomato takes me straight to one of the best nights of my life, at a cafe in Rome.  Now granted that experience included a violinist, an Italian man named Ivano trying to woo me (yes, I said woo) and a whole lot of limoncello, but even a hint of that night makes me get all dreamy. It's all about two dishes for me at CT:  the Arrabiatta and the Pasta Felese, two very different dishes.  Arrabiatta translates as "angry red sauce", and angry it is - garlicky, filled with lots of spice and enough kick to make you glad for the good bread on the table.  Note that you can choose to have this sauce on other dishes including the gnocchi or tortellini when feeling particularly indulgent. The Felese is just the opposite - artichokes, peas, sundried tomatoes and chicken in a white wine cream sauce.  Sweet, mellow and just downright yummy.Somehow they are great for kids (crayons and butcher paper!), groups (reservations for parties of 6+) and date night (cozy tables on the sides of the room) - that's great ambiance.I used to live within smelling distance of the CT; I would pull up after a long stressful day typing away and smell the garlic, and my dinner decision would be made.  I moved away from the 'hood 4 years ago yet they still remember me, and I still remember them.  Do take advantage of calling ahead if you're going at prime time, they'll gladly put your name on the list ahead of time.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,4/22/2008,29,61,,7,6>So i was invited to the opening for friends and family last night. It was free food, beer, wine, and a lot of boulder in Denver. The owner was either by the door greeting or walking around the Layout--typical to the interiors of the other locations: wood paneled bar (is it Pike?), booths, and tables (summer camp lodgeish)--serving samplings of their really delicious, really all-natural, hamburgers and nachos. The night was like most opening nights at restaurants, a good night for training the servers and bartenders and friends and family to eat and drink for free in the new digs. The staff seemed superb. Friendly nice looking faces, good dispositions, and even with the thick crowded chaos-- people standing w/ beers and plates of food in hand, because all the seating was taken--were able to maintain a cool composure and timely service. And yeah, they got a patio. Two of them, kinda (they're separated by the entrance), one that faces south and another west. Their food and house drafts are perfect (java porter? oh, hmf yes). And they even have the cache of board games that made this place so agreeable to me when i first started frequenting it in boulder six years ago.oh, and i think it will be like the others in regards to payment: CASH ONLY. It still talks, no matter what the Fed. reserve says.and to avoid blowing extra air into those ballooning dollars, drink the happy hour: $2.50 for all pints post 6 p.m. during the weekdays.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,4/21/2008,614,1007,,7,7>For mainstream furniture this gallery has some great pieces.  I have been looking for a specific bed for a really long time and outside of catalogs I haven't been able to find one in my price range that didn't cost more to ship than the actual piece.Working as a designer, it is easy for me to get my hands on great pieces that are all super overpriced, but to find something reasonable priced that I don't have to use my "trade discount" to afford is rare.Lots of knick knack y fun stuff. If you are looking for a wedding gift or a housewarming, this is a good place. Lots of fun stuff you can have personalized or monogrammed (on your own) and what a special treasure for someone without breaking the bank. I found very expensive items and I found very reasonable items. I think upstairs could be a deal brokers haven if visited enough. I found some great deals.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2008,4/20/2008,128,0,8,6,8>Slicker than a fish out of water, this stunningly appointed sushi stop in the Belmar neighborhood, a perfectly round, glammed-up, glassed faade, is far more SoHo than St. Louis, MO, which is where owner/chef Jong Lee first hooked raw fish fans on his pristine sushi and sashimi. The engaging waitstaff and sushi chefs go out of their way in the welcome wagon department, the happy hour deals are unbeatable ($1 hot sake; $2 wasabi bombs; 2-for-1 sushi and rolls), and if you want to defy death, the Japan-born Lee is one of just a handful of sushi chefs in the country board-certified to serve fugu, a specific species of blowfish, that if not properly cleaned and detoxified, can knock you over dead. Think about it: When was the last time you had sushi to die for?
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,4/19/2008,144,22,1,4,4>Yum!!! A vegetarian's fast food dream! I loved hot dogs as a kid (I think mostly because they didn't really taste like meat!) and all these years I've missed the sloppy indulgence of chili dogs, but now I can eat Steve's Dallas Dogs- a veggie dog, smothered in veggie green chile and cheeze! I'm drooling as I write this!I ordered the deep fried carrot sticks, not sure what I was getting into, and I loved them- they were like sauteed carrots- crispy and coated in just enough grease to make them seem bad for you!The strawberry shake was divine as well- thick but smooth enough to suck through a straw, with little bits of strawberry mixed in. mmmmm.I'm also love them because they deliver to my dressing room at the Pink Elephant! They're keeping my burlesque figure curvy!
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2008,4/18/2008,118,148,1,4,7>Anyone I know (and possibly their mom) knows that I could never go vegetarian because I REALLY love hamburgers. These particular burgers are SO scrumptious. They are cooked to perfection and have a variety of delicious options. My personal favorite is the ABC. Avocado, Bacon and Cheese. How can you go wrong? They let you apply your condiments yourself, so you avoid the dreaded mayo blob in the center, unless of course you like that. The blake location is new, so come check it out! I will probably be there every Thursday, so join me for a burger!
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2008,4/17/2008,334,415,,3,2>Judging by previous reviews, it seems the way to enjoy and appreciate this hotel is to come in and do just that, but don't ruin it by booking a room.  Was brought here by my local friend to check out the huge atrium topped by a stained glass ceiling that somehow doesn't collapse under snow. The high tea settings in the central area were very elegant under the enormous chandelier. 1 bar looked too stuffy for us, so we chose to have a cocktail at the ships-themed bar.  The bartender did not know how to make a bellini, a little disappointing, but I saw a fine array of liquors behind the bar. Simply a beautiful building disguised within an understated exterior.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,4/16/2008,476,701,12,7,3>I performed at my cousin's wedding a number of years ago and was rewarded with a gift certificate for Japon. It was generous and not having eaten there before, we ordered "the Boat' with extra sushi. I had a large Asahi Super Dry while we waited and after a short while, it seemed the room got quiet and all eyes turned towards our poor waitress hauling what appeared to be a mini-Noah's Ark into the room and towards our table. Do you remember the Ice cream place that had bells, whistles, alarms, and sparklers if you ordered their Piggy-Split? Yeah it was like that . She made it to our table (barely) and proceeded to drop the Ark on it upsetting a bowl of warm tempura tentsuyu into my lap, upside down. She apologized profusely and rushed to my aid with a wet towell but the damage was done and I shooed her away from my now sticking pants and Hanes. Our table would have to be in the middle of the room. She kept apologizing and brought me out another large Asahi and (actually after the first I was feeling not a lot) kept offering me more. It was a memorable evening (we call it the "sticky nuts incident"). The food was good, the beer cold, the help was very accomodating and nice and thanks to my cuz, it was free. Another good sushi place.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/10/2007,4/15/2008,14,46,6,8,5>I would love to check out this place and be able to give it an actual rating, but every damn time I go there, and believe me, I try a lot...it's CLOSED.  I end up taking the shuttle on 16th to Jamba Juice for another boring smoothie.  I really want to try Jamaica Juice, I truly do.  Please Jamacia Juice stay open for me just once!
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2008,4/12/2008,72,133,15,6,6>Sister's pizza and Mussels. It's 2am and I wrote a one act play about my experience there:[We see a devastatingly handsome man. He looks hungry. He's perusing the internet looking at the Sisters Pizza and Mussels website]Me:Boy this place looks delicious, and the prices look pretty reasonable. I think I'll give them a call.[He picks up the phone. He has really muscular hands]Me:Hello, do you deliver?[The person on the other end of the phone is high. REALLY high]Sisters:(pause)Sisters:(More pause)Sisters:Can you hold on a sec?[The handsome stranger sits on hold for 20 minutes. His incredibly toned stomach growls in agony. The pictures of reasonably priced pizza on the internet are driving it crazy]Me:(Twiddles thumbs)Sisters:(Still very high. Literally 20 minutes later) Can I help you?Me:What's your delivery time?Sisters:(Pause)Sisters:(He's really high)Sisters: We're running...uh...it will be an hour and thirty minutes.(At this point the handsome stranger realizes that he could get a good start on flying to Italy in an hour and thirty minutes)Me:What if I drive there to pick it up?Sisters:(Pause)Sisters:(The guy is seriously HIGH)Sisters:It...would be about...an hour(The handsome stranger thinks that he can wait an hour, he will just file his nails, or do other things that handsome strangers about town tend to do and places his order for half pepperoni, half tomato, sausage and onion and a salad)Sisters:That...willSisters:(Pause. Maybe he was smoking weed on the phone. I dont know. The guy is HIGH) be $28.00 (It was twenty eight something or other)(The strangers mouth drops open. $28. For a large pizza and a salad? In Edgewater?)(Cut to 45 minutes later as the stranger anticipates that high time and real life time may move at differing speeds. We see the exterior of Sisters Pizza and mussels. It looks nice and modern, REALLY brand new. There are FOUR people inside. With a one hour wait for pizza, 4 people).(The handsome stranger enters Sisters and notices that there is a pizza sitting on top of the oven. That's never a good sign).Me:I'm here to pick up my pizza. El Weedo (Previously played by Sisters) goes to pick up the pizza already boxed up on top of the oven.Me:Has that been done long?El Weedo:(Gives a death look to me) It just came out. You want to feel it or something?Me: Not really El Weedo. I'll just take my pizza and could you make my salad with your bare hands that look like you just changed a bike chain?El Weedo:Sure thing!(Not really, though this did really happen. Seriously, the guy looked like he worked the morning shift at Grease Monkey and the world was having a lava soap shortage. And also, he was REALLY high. And also oddly enough stressed out about the whole working in a pizza joint thing) Me:Can you split the $28 between this amount of cash and this debit card?El Weedo:(Looks at me in horror, as if I am the math section of the SATs he bombed so miserably 15 years ago) Sure(El Weedo angrily pounds away at the cash register, regretting ever taking this job).El Weedo:Ok, this is giving me a hard timeMe:(In an extremely friendly and helpful manner) You can just put the whole thing on my card if that's easierEl Weedo:No...(pause)see...(He's super high). I am going to charge your card a dollar. Sign this. (El Weedo stares at me like this is a drug deal gone bad and the cops are right. behind. me.)(What occurs is confusing. He charges my debit card a dollar, then gives me a dollar out of the register. He does not take my cash. This $28 pizza and salad ends up costing me $1 on my debit card, which was canceled out by the dollar I was given)Me:OK thanks buddy.THE ENDThe pizza was slightly cold, because it had obviously been sitting on the oven for 20 minutes or so. This was about 9pm. El Weedo told me that they had closed down over an hour ago because they were so busy. They had FOUR customers in the restaurant when I arrived. The reason that the pizza was so expensive is because they charge you $1.30 per topping! On top of an already expensive base pizza. Their website shows much lower prices for the pizza and toppings. When you get to the restaurant, you can see that they have taped over the less expensive prices. The salad was $6. Despite tasting mildly motor oily, it was delicious standard pizza place salad (Anthonys has a similar one). The pizza was delicious. Hot and fresh I'm sure its as good as Anthony's, though way more expensive, and the guys at Anythony's didn't just steal your bike.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2008,4/11/2008,114,168,7,7,4>This family owned restaurant really tries to be fancy but they just don't quite know how to do it - thier wine glasses have "Berrenger" etched into them, their silverware is cheap, but their floral arrangements are amazing.   The service section of the bar is sunken, so when you sit at the bar, you sit in a regular height chair and the bartender has to look up at you, while they make your blended whiskey sour...mmmmm!  The servers are all very friendly and casual.  Though they use iceberg lettuce, I like their salads and home made salad dressings.  The best part of Bastien's is their signature dish - the Sugar Steak, served with a baked potato, loaded.  I always order the larger portion of steak and have some amazing left overs (which I eat much later that evening, with my fingers, cold, but that may be TMI).
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,4/10/2008,197,231,4,8,8>Let me ask you a couple of questions.1) Do you like seat-yourself restaurants?2) Do you love good tamales?3) Do you devour a nice bowl of very good green chili with warm tortillas?4) Are you excited by sitting down, drinking a pacifico and having your food brought to you on a hot plate in less than 8 minutes?5) Do you get your kicks from south-of-the-border drinks on a small shaded patio?If you answered yes to ANY of these questions, go to La Pasadita Inn right now and make it happen.La Pasadita is a no nonsense, fast, super radical mexican restaurant.  The food is simple and perfect.  eat it. now.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2007,4/9/2008,5,7,5,6,3>Nestled in the corner of a giant Asian strip mall of supermarkets and restaurants, King's Land is a hidden gem.  Erin, Nolan, Jeff and I (otherwise known as the EFC) added this place to our ethnic tour of the region Sunday, July 15th.  We arrived around 7pm, well after the carts of dim sum were packed up for the day, but that didn't stop us from ordering and enjoying most of what King's Land has to offer in the way of steamed goodness.  After perusing the vast regular dinner menu, offering everything from Sea Cucumber to classic pork fried rice, we opted for the dim sum, which was available a la carte, sans carts.  We ordered a wide variety off the menu, and after being laughed at by our jolly server for ordering so much, we waited for the fun to arrive.  The first to come to the table was the pan fried pork dumplings and egg rolls, both of which were delicious.  We then had deep fried shrimp balls, chicken and mushroom steamed sweet buns, steamed shrimp balls, steamed Szechwan pork balls, steamed shrimp and pork dumplings, beef meatballs, sweet bbq pork buns and sweet dessert buns. The last two should not be missed!  Nolan and Erin also loved the chicken and mushroom sweet buns, but the deep fried shrimp balls were not a table favorite.  The food seemed to be endless, but once it stopped arriving, I noticed half of what we had ordered had not actually made it to the table.  The kitchen had not turned over our menu order, which initially disappointed me, but in the end it was a blessing in disguise.  We understood why the server had chuckled at us when we handed over our order; the portion size to price ratio was astounding!  The four of us had more than enough to eat, with leftovers to fill our fridges, all for about 12 dollars per person!  The atmosphere at King's Land is ghetto fabulous, with a bingo hall feel, mirror balls, and a stage for bands or karaoke.  The staff was just attentive enough without being in your face.   They let us take our time and had no problem with us staying until nearly closing.  The bathrooms were clean and accommodating and the bar has just what you need.  To lend to the seafood restaurant atmosphere, there are visible lobster and fish tanks, so you know you are getting the freshest food the sea has to offer.  Our only complaint was with the chopsticks.   They weren't terribly user friendly to the less experienced, and although forks were offered to us half way through our meal, it would have been nice to have the option on the table from the get-go.  Discussion led to "is this a date place?", and it was decided the atmosphere was certainly not romantic, but a third or fourth date here might get you laid.  We all truly enjoyed ourselves, highly recommend it to others, and can't wait to come back at lunchtime for the full cart experience.   Erin and I hope our fortunes come true, as they were the best fortunes we have ever received.  But Jeff's cookie was empty and he is now concerned about an untimely death by bus.  Send good thoughts his way....
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/26/2008,4/8/2008,4491,1870,13,4,8>Dear Downtown Branch of the Denver Library,I want to love you, I really do. You are a gigantic vessel for one of my all time favorite things - books. You are stately and quiet and have interesting exhibits, like the time you housed on of Jack Kerouac's scrolls. Plus I can quite easily walk to you on our many beautiful days here in Denver.But, you have a terrible layout. Why do I have to go upstairs on the right side and walk all the way to the end to come back down the left side to reach your 700s section? How come there are check outs in only 1/2 of your areas forcing me to go to nonfiction then fiction then the children's section on some sort of book check-out wild goose chase. Hmmphff.I guess this is only mildly disturbing so now I will voice my biggest complaint. Downtown Denver Library, why did you allow yourself to be turned into the equivalent of a LoDo club on a Saturday night? When I am in your quiet confines I in no way want to hear the "psst.." sounds of a man on a mating mission. This has happened to me on several occasions until I am now sure that you have set up some sort of dating service and failed to tell me about it.And when these charming young men do try and "holler" at me by asking what I'm doing, why do they get so distraught when I answer "looking for a book." I thought the answer would have been obvious.So, let's make a deal. You cancel the dating service and I'll overlook your terrible layout and go back to checking out books from you. How does that sound?
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,4/7/2008,133,419,1,5,6>If you like dive bars, look no further than Don's mixed drinks.  With funky wood paneling, ages-old threadbare carpet, and a quirky mix of old alcoholics and young alcoholics, Don's is always entertaining.Their jukebox is stocked with just about everything you can think of,  and they have pool, video games, and shuffleboard.  The drinks are dirt cheap and strong, which is always a plus!  The bartenders are nice, and the staff is cool as well (they let us host a chili cook-off contest here!).They don't serve any food, but you can bring food in from any of the surrounding establishments no problem-o.  Don't forget to check out the patio in the back!
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,4/4/2008,246,624,9,5,3>disclaimer:  the following contains the poor use of puns.  readers discretion is advised.CAFE CAFE!!HOLY CREPE!!!  HOLY CREPE!!!coffee= best i've had in denver.  and the CREPES suprised the CREPE out of me.huge huge crepe crepes for those who enjoy repeating themselves.HOLY CREPE!!
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,4/3/2008,342,357,,14,4>I love Italian food.  I think its my favorite cuisine to eat, cook, and smell.  When I saw several good reviews for Cafe Jordano I had to go that night.  Now this place did not start out at 5 stars by any means.  My husband I went on a Wednesday night around 7:00pm.  As a previous review stated, it is best to go around 8:00pm or right at 5:00pm.  There was a wait (which didn't take too long) but there aren't chairs at the bar, which kept us from ordering a glass of wine while we waited.  So we sat in a couple of chairs facing the dining room, to observe the scene.  One word: chaotic.  The servers, food runners, and table busers were running around like chickens with their heads cut off.  As my husband put it, it was very distracting and turned us off immediately.  Maybe they were trying to turn the tables quickly...get people in and out.  But did they really have to run everywhere they went?However, things quickly turned once we were seated.  The prices are very reasonable, and every meal comes with soup or salad and garlic bread.  My husband got the salad, which was just simply lettuce doused in dressing...nothing spectacular (tip: order the dressing on the side).  I got the soup: cream of spinach with pasta, potatoes, and sausage.  It was very delicious.  I ordered the Pollo Alla Romana.  Chicken with prosciutto, roasted red peppers, artichokes hearts, melted mozzarella, with bucatini pasta in a creamy alfredo sauce.  The sauce was absolutely amazing...and surprisingly light for a cream sacuce.  The chicken was sliced thin and very juicy.  The dish was one of the best cream sauce chicken dishes I have ever had.  My husband ordered the special: lobster ravioli with shrimp and asparagus, in a cream sauce (slightly different than the sauce mine came with)...and loved it.  The never ending garlic bread was one of my favorites.  After we ate our meal we tried a side of spaghetti with marinara.  It was just okay.  The sauce was a little bland and slightly watery.  Stick with the cream sauce dishes.We ended our dinner with the tiramisu.  It was light and fluffy like a heavenly rum soaked cloud.  Absolutely divine.  We will defnitely be back to Cafe Jordano.  Amazing food at a great price.  We'll just be sure to go around 8:00pm, when the restaurant (and the employees) slow down.
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2007,4/1/2008,157,518,8,9,8>There are very very few places in this country where I canshop for tacky clothesbookstouristy stuff from a non-tourist-destination*eat food from wolfgang puck'sor pizza hutor tcbyor just drinkin smoking or nonsmoking barswatch the snow fallcatch flights to just about any US destinationor play on those moving walkwaysall under one roof. DIA is one of those places. It's not quite as big as IAH, but it's also well run, and their trams play catchy little tunes at each stop. I'd hoped to find the freaky murals but I had no luck so I can't comment on them.*I'm kicking myself for not buying the shotglass that said DENVER! on it, because it would remind me that I'm not the only person in the world who gets that excited about denver.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,3/30/2008,20,90,6,4,>Thank god for 5280 week otherwise I'd be waiting to win the lottery before I enjoyed a steak at Elways. Scored a res for 2 on a Tuesday night. Got there about 15 minutes early to have a drink at the bar. Bar staff did their job well (take drink order, give me alcohol, do not make me wait). Seated at the table right at the reservation time. Immediately given water by waitress and her "assistant." Ordered off 5280 menu (cause there was a NY strip steak on it, 8ozs of red meat...YUM). Ceasar salad actually had anchovies in the dressing (not chunks, it was smooth) and that makes a bland dressing exciting. Steak came out perfectly but not before the waitress assisted us in some superb wine selections (a lovely petite syrah). Side of mashed potatoes was good but I had about two bites. I was focused on devouring all 8 ounces of medium rare steak. It was good. Dessert, eh. But who cared. I got what I came for and left drunk, full and happy.Oh yeah, maybe cause it was 5280 week but this was no urban safari, Cougar count was down. Stupid Cherry Creek Chronicle, that article was inaccurate.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2008,3/29/2008,67,278,3,13,9>After sitting 4 hours next to a leaky United Airlines exit door, I arrived in Denver with frozen feet.....ice starting to form on my shoes.....and I was hungry.  Denver still had snow from a previous snowfall a couple of days ago...yet as I stood outside on top of this waiting for the shuttle bus....my feet were beginning to warm up.   I soon discovered that most restaurants in Denver close at 9 pm.....geezzz.....so as I cruised the streets after 9 pm.....I decided I wanted BBQ.......wait.....there is one......Brothers BBQ.Your first impression is that this is a biker bbq place.   Real motorcycles adorn the walls.....from street to dirt to racing.   The neatest part of this restaurant is that the ceiling fans has a motorhousing made from a motorcycle's head cylinder...chrome and all.   I take my time looking over the menu and grab a take out flyer.   "We slow smoke all of our meats every day at each store over freshly cut hickory wood."    My kind of place.Now time to order.    Because I wanted to try as much as I could..I ordered enough for 3 people.....The order taker looks at me thinking "Can this guy really eat this much????"    So here is  what I stuffed my face with.......1.  BBQ pork ribs:   The initial aroma and taste was excellent........then I really bit into the rib.......uhhhhhhggggg.    The rib meat texture and taste was like they parboiled the rib then grilled it......I even saw the grill marks.   Parboiling ruins meat.   The juices and flavorings get leached out of the meat and the meat takes on a mealy texture.....it's tender....but mealy.2.  BBQ pork:   This came out like overdone roast pork.    Not shredded or pulled....just roasted well done and cubed....The meat was very dry and cubed.  No evidence of slow cooked smoke rings3   BBQ beef brisket:    The beef was also overdone.....and cubed.   Again tasted baked not slow cooked.  Again no evidence of slow cooking....total absence of the hard brisket crust....no smoke rings....just dry roast beeef.4   Hot links:   Sausage by anyother name.    The links were served sliced.   There was a good crunch to the meat casing.  A little on the salty side....but good and tasty but nothing remarkable5.  Cole slaw:   Good cole slaw...just not outstanding, nothing memorable or unique here.6.  BBQ baked beans:   This almost wanted to be a chili.    The beans had good texture....The beans only hinted of being sweet.  Most BBQ beans are smothered in BBQ sauce.   There were also chunks of meat in the beans to give it added flavor and character (leftover beef brisket ends up here????...the chunks looked like the chopped brisket I had).....I have to give them credit for trying something different, out of the norm here.   Good beans.7.  The sauces....this was the highlight of this visit..  They serve 5 types:A.  Original sauce:  This was a winner and what made this place famous in Denver.   The sauce had a lot of character and depth.   Had a slight bite of heat.   Overall, really good balance.B.  Tangy:  Kinda too sweet with a little bit of tanginess to it.   C.  Sweet:   Well ....it's sweet.  Almost like a brown sweet and sour taste.  Too sweet for my tastesD.  Hot:   Looks like the original with hot chilis added.   Not that hot for those that eat hot Thai, Indian or Mexican foods.E.  Mustard:   Sweet mustard sauce.  Good flavor and balance but overall light on the mustard overtones.   Don't expect an in your face mustard here.Overall Rating:   3 stars   Why the low rating?   1.  I saw no evidence in ANY of the meat I ate of it being slow smoked over a long period of time.  None of the characteristic, hard chewy bark of the meat....no smoke rings....A good long smoke is 205 F (below boiling point of water) for anywhere between 6 to 10 hours depending on the size of the cut.  Unless you have those automatic wood pellet smokers, this has to be attended  all night.....To be ready for lunch, they would have to start smoking at about midnite the night before .2.  The meat was chopped.   This is the worst thing you can do to meat.   The pork should be pulled, and the brisket should be sliced.  The customer should have the priviledge of eating the bark as well as the interior of the meat SEPARATELY.   This is like taking 4 hours to prepare a great Beef Wellington then serving it chopped up in a bowl.3.   I have had great BBQ before and the meat can come out juicy and tender.   The meat here is dry and tough.   4.  The best way to disguise poorly cooked meat...and I have done this in my kitchen before....is to chop and use sauce.Remember Fernando on Saturday Night Live?......."It's not how you feel, but how you look.   You look Mawwwwwvvvvelllousssss."    This place is like that....everything looks and smells good....but the whole foundation of this establishment.....the meat...not the sauces....isn't pulling (pun and hint intended as well) it's weight.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/2/2008,3/28/2008,52,137,3,9,5>OK kids. Let's talk cheese curds. I've been on a quest for decent fried cheese ever since moving to Colorado almost a decade ago. Disgusting? Yes. But oh-so-cheesy-good. While not true cheese curds, Big Hoss is the home to the most decent fried cheese (called cheese nips at Big Hoss) I have found. A little cheesy, a little gooey, and yes, a little greasy. MMMmmm. Order them with a nice beer on tap and throw away the dressing on the side when it comes to your table (what gives?). Also, this is some of the better BBQ we've had in Denver. The all-you-can-eat pork plate on Saturday night used to be a bargain at $11 but recently crept up to $13. It's still a good deal however. The pork is very tender and smoky with just a little brush of Carolina-style sauce. The ribs are also fairly tasty - nice smoked flavor. We've been less impressed with the chicken and brisket - a bit tough and overcooked. Extra 'Big Hoss' BBQ sauce is available at each table, but I was a bit dismayed when I saw that corn syrup is one of the main ingredients. Whatever happened to brown sugar as the main sweet tone of good sauce?Located on up and coming Tennyson, Big Hoss has a neighborhood-y good-ol'-bar kind of feel and it's a place where you could imagine meeting friends for a beer - and a little fried cheese.
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2008,3/27/2008,334,48,2,8,8>Like Jessica B., I'm a San Diego transplant.  The Hamburger Mary's in Hillcrest (San Diego's more gay-centric neighborhood) was always a great place to watch boys flirt with boys and girls flirt with girls all while sitting on the patio, enjoying the sunshine and eating a great burger.  And when I heard Hamburger Mary's was coming to Denver's own version of Hillcrest on 17th Avenue, all I could think was FABULOUS!I've really enjoyed all my experiences at Denver's HM.  The food is good, the atmosphere is outrageous and fun, and the staff is sass-sass-sassy!  I don't get other reviewers opinion that the servers are rude, I guess because I've never seen it.  My first time going there with the family, I was a little concerned if the kids would be welcomed.  I have to say, every time we've gone, the staff has been great with the kids, talking them up, giving them big smiles and keeping an eye on them if they started wandering.  In fact, my six-year-old daughter and I stopped in for brunch one Saturday after going to see Ralph's World down at the Gothic.  As we were giving our order to our tattooed, pierced waitress, we told her that we had just come from seeing a show.  We then found out that she was a nanny on the side, and this turned into an in-depth conversation between her and my daughter on their favorite Disney show, all while I sat back and enjoyed my Bloody Mary.  Good times.I'm not crazy about the ever present blaring music videos, but it's all part of the ambiance.  And usually, I'm too busy munching on my Elvis burger (loaded with cole slaw and french fries ON the burger) to care.Cheers!
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,3/26/2008,67,174,3,8,6>I was so surprised by my experience at Bistro Vendome.  I hadn't heard a whole lot about and it was Restaurant Week.  I got invited to join some friend's reservations and gladly accepted.I arrived early and sat at the bar to have a glass of french wine.  I really have no idea what it was that I drank, but the bartender was able to help me select one, based on my preferences, that was really nice!The dining room is rather like dining at a bistro in France--the tables are not spaced very far apart, so you better be comfortable eating very near your neighbors.  They give you bread in a paper bag to begin with--yummy.  I mean, for bread, it was good.  Maybe I was just starving.For appetizers I shared the Salad Compangarde and the mussels with a friend.  Both were excellent, but I'd go back for the mussels alone!  They were buttery and almost melted in your mouth.  A second helping of bread, helped us soak up the delicious broth.My dinner was the popular choice at our table--three of the four of us ordered the pork chop.  But the pork chop wasn't really the star of this dish.  It was served atop grilled acorn squash rings and blue cheese mashed potatoes.  But the scene stealer were the bacon wrapped dates.  I mean, it was like eating tasty chewy candy wrapped in pork.  Who can't love that?Dessert didn't blow me away so I won't bother to mention it.  Nothing was wrong with it, but it didn't stand up to the appetizers and entrees.  My friend made a comment that this food was better than a lot she had in France!  The patio was gorgeous even if we could only fantasize about it since it was snowing outside.  I'm going back in the summer on a Sunday, I'm sitting on the patio, sipping whatever wine it was that I had, and I'm ordered the mussels and frites for only $9.  ***I can't speak French so just pretend that I'm saying "Fantastic" right here.***
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,3/24/2008,15,13,7,8,6>Ah Meadowlark Bar.  I love your hand built feel.  I love your bartenders.  I love your patio.  You get so crowded sometimes, people are learning about you.  I love watching David and Joshua wank out on Monday Nights.  I love your foamy soap dispensers.Let's hug.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,3/23/2008,56,148,1,6,5>This is a total gem.  My lovely friend Jenny had raved about this place for a while (in part because the owner had somehow taken a liking to her and showered her with free booze on previous visits), so she organized a group dinner for us on a Saturday night.  We started with a pitcher of sangria (mixed fresh at the bar with your choice of wine), and it was top notch.  As a vegetarian I was a bit nervous about the whole Argentine Steakhouse deal, but I had options galore.  We all shared the calamari and the stuffed mushroom appetizers, and judging by how quickly both dishes disappeared I wasn't the only one who loved it.  I had the risotto as my entree, which was eye-poppingly flavorful and rich. Everyone else raved about their dishes as well. If good food isn't lure enough, the place is also super cute, and they actually had people dancing throughout our meal... as in doing the tango and other hot Latin dances through the aisles.  And sure enough, the owner recognized Jenny again, so he insisted on making us "flaming coffees" at the end of our meal- who knew that setting 10 different kinds of alcohol on fire and mixing them with coffee tasted so good?!
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2007,3/22/2008,33,55,,8,4>DRINK DEAL TIP:Let's just call this my Western Week.  Put me in some cute lil cowboy boots and call me your southern belle.  Let me drive your pick up truck and turn up the country.  Catch me kissin a Texan.The Cowboy Lounge is a great place to go on a Wednesday night.  Well, that is, only go if you like $1 drinks and are bringing your own group of friends.  You don't have to be clad in starched jeans, know how to ye-haw, or have a belt buckle the size of our head--all you have to do is be down for a good time!  And, with $1 double Red Bull vodkas, I bet you will!Saturday nights are fun too, with appearances from 92.5 THE WOLF jocks, Jesse and Shotgun.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2007,3/20/2008,41,245,18,19,17>Tinkerbelle, where are you? Tinkerbelle? Oh, there he is- Paris Hilton's first Chihuahua, lost and never seen again- until now, when I found him hiding behind the counter as Dog Savvy's new fashion consultant.Really? No. But believable, from the assortment of rhinestones and 24 karat gold trim on collars sold at Dog Savvy. It looks like they were designed by a blind person for a guide dog- because any sighted person would be blinded by putting this much bling on a dog. If you'd like to spend your entire paycheck on your pooch, Dog Savvy has you covered.But seriously, this is a shop run by people who truly love dogs, employing skilled dog groomers, and it carries only top of the line products for man (or more likely woman's) best friend. Who can complain? Even if you only buy one or two things at the sky-high prices (though not as bad as you'll find in Boulder), you'll enjoy chit-chatting with the employees about your respective Fidos and Fluffies.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2008,3/18/2008,467,473,,10,7>While most people were out enjoying the springy weather today, I was working, but luckily for me I was working in Golden!  Went with work-related people to Ali Baba Grill for a late lunch.  Brightly and comfortably decorated back room was empty when we arrived so we chose a nice corner table along the prettiest decorated wall of all.Since their menus reminded me of the menus at Marrakech on Colo. Blvd. in Denver, I mentioned Marrakech to our waitperson, and she told me they are both owned by the same people, but Ali Baba has a more extensive menu.  More Greek items at Ali Baba, she said.Anyway, they have the same magnificent hummus and wonderfully fresh pita bread, and the entrees that come with a salad, hummus, and rice for a reasonable price.  Most just under $10.  The Greek Salad one of my co-diners got was huge with massive cubes of fresh Feta cheese and olives and everything else that makes a Greek Salad what it is.Nice soups.  Friendly fast and efficient service even as the place filled up with people while we were there.And it's so nice and relaxing to watch that fountain in the middle of the room...
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2007,3/16/2008,24,44,5,7,5>I was a new client looking for a color correction. I had visited a dump that used Aveda products. My old stylist swore that Aveda was the best product on the market. I trusted her until she turned my hair green! F!@#'n GREEN. I left in tears and called Allure which was reccomended by a friend. My stylist Nicole, was shocked to see the color of my hair and instantly knew what to do.She told me what to expect and that the process may take a couple of times to fully correct my mess. Green mess! She was able to correct the damage in one sitting and I have now found a new stylist, a new salon, and a new product line (REDKEN). As long as Nicole is around,so will I! If you're looking for a color fix or change and someone you can trust, see Nicole. Tell her the GREEN Mess sent ya.
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2008,3/15/2008,769,374,10,11,20>Sushi Den by the Numbers:1 year - about the amount of time I worked here55hr's worked almost each pay period14 - Peak number of hours worked in one day up to 150lbs of sushi rice was prepared per night 7pm - probably the peak time5 pm - best time to come with kids (great time for family's)1 hour 45mins. - amount of sleep I got  after a night of drinking, and prior to having to work a 10 hour shift - Pure hell7lb per batch of rice cooked23 min cooking time for the rice cooker 23 - the name of a movie that has some sort of tie in with cooked rice.40+ types of fish  $13 for an appetizer with 5 pieces of fish$250 - how much an ex would spend here eating dinner by herself at the sushi bar.3-4 - amount of days Sushi Den closes throughout the year for Holidays. Sucked for us.3+ amount of local "celebrity's" I've seen at Sushi Den: Shannon Sharp, Todd Helton, Scott Hamilton (haha), and bunch of others I really don't give a crap about including the afore mentioned.30 secs. Approx the amount of time a sushi chef takes to prepare a California roll.10pm is sometimes how late we'd receive the fish from Japan. The fish is flown in FRESH (not frozen) directly from the fish market in Japan, so we'd have to immediately prep it for the next day - This sucks after a long shift made even longer.0 regret working here, and I didn't do it for the money. That'd be a joke.650+ diners come here just for dinner in one night 2/14 - V Day the busiest night of the year11:58 - close means 12:00, and yes you can come in 2 mins. prior to close.0 - Amount of happy thoughts I had in my head when somebody would come in 2 mins. prior to close on a Sat. night.2% Chance that you won't see the owner Toshi'san working the sushi bar. He does take vacations, but he's constantly working even on his days off.1 the number it's been rated in Colorado several years in a row.80 - I think that's about how many people worked here (total staff)80 - approx. the amount of "dynamites" prepared a day$120 was an avg amount spent between two people1 min at least , that you spent reading this, and it's one min unfortunately you won't get back.10+ amount of times I've heard Aki'san call a particular individual an ahou!3 days is how many days I spent in Fukuoka the hometown of the owner and a couple of the people who've worked here.5 drinks is probably how much I'd have when dining here.7 mins approx. the amount of time it takes to cook Yuan Yaki8 Sushi chefs work the sushi bar, not including the two who prepare rolls - It was really cool when we had customers buy the entire kitchen beer! Thats not cheap, but cool! Thank you!2 is the amount of people who moved to Japan after working at Sushi Den, and they weren't Japanese.9.5 out of 10 is how I'd rate, how annoying it is for somebody to put down Japanese restaurants in Colorado, and than have to compare it with LA/New York (big city = expert sushi critic. When I go to Europe I'm instantly the top hamburger expert...maybe slightly true - didn't help my point though) or some other city. For the record, Colorado holds it's own.3 languages spoken and are often mixed together to create one language in the kitchen.1 How many stars I give Brian Z's review saying "The Chef is a former Sushi Den master" or  "without the attitude/expense". Funny because you called him a "Sushi Den" master...haha0 - amount of times I cut myself... knock on wood
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2008,3/14/2008,694,903,6,8,7>ehDecent food, nothing spectacular. It didn't upset my IBS, so that's good.Smells fishy in there, lots of fried things on the menu. GOOD martinis.BUT they have a fish tank in front with the CUTEST hot pink fish....
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,3/13/2008,140,191,5,9,4>I don't drink whiskey. Can't tolerate even a drop. But their cask-conditioned ales are yummy good and a special treat.(Even if they did try to talk me out of it. All right, let's settle this once and for all: I might be scantly over 5 feet and yes, I'm a girl, but I like beer, so serve it up, goddammit.)I don't care for English cuisine. Far too bland for my tastes.But I got the Somerset Salad, which came in the blink of an eye and hit the spot. Four stars to exceeding expectations, but I can't hand out 5 just yet.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,3/12/2008,101,138,1,6,5>Virgilio's and Anthony's (DU locale) are my two favorite places to grab a thin sliced pie in Denver.  I'm originally from Chicago and prefer a deep dish, but Virgilio's knocks it out of the park in the thin crust competition.  I like Anthony's for the classic, greasy, well made pie handled with care and precision.  Virgilio's is a lot like that, but with much better ingredients (and a lot less grease).The crust is near perfect every time.  It passes all the tests... strong enough to not flop all over the place, crisp enough to have a touch of crunch and it tastes amazing.The garlic knots are great.  Simple, fresh ingredients, cooked to perfection every time.  Served with homemade marinara.  Horrible for my acid reflux, amazing for my taste buds.  If you leave Virgilio's without having a knot, you've done yourself a disservice.The white pizza is good, the pesto pizza is excellent.  The Italian Sausage is top notch... okay, now I'm hungry.There are a couple of minor things keeping this from a 5 star review.  Virgilio himself is a great guy.  Good to talk to, concerned with your food and your experience.  That dedication doesn't always travel down the lines to the people who have waited on my wife and I.  A lot of younger servers with little to no experience.  They aren't bad, they just aren't good... yet.And the hours... I know its a smaller operation, but I'm surprised at how early they close.All in all, make the trip to Lakewood someday for a great pizza at Virgilio's.
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,3/11/2008,5,18,1,5,3>I've been going to Watercourse for seven years because the food is so yummy and the people are kind. The fashion show can be a little weird but you get over that after about the hundredth time. Its cool to see people defined by their haircuts but only while at Watercourse- outside, its annoying. I am not a vegetarian and I think they have the greatest gravy EVER!. When you go for the first time, dont order something plain and safe like the breakfast burrtio. Order something that piques your interest and inspires adventure. If you dont over think it, you wont be disappointed.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,3/9/2008,7,34,,6,2>There is a new menu as of a week or so ago, and to me, one of the best features is the ability to order the small plates sampler (in 3 sizes, 3, 5, or 8 items) to graze your way through the menu.One of the best Happy Hours in Denver with $2 tacos and cheap beers/margs.  Then the All-Day Happy Hour on Monday is an even better deal.  If you are headed to an event at Coors Field or Pepsi Center, Lola is a great place to hit up before, then stumble downhill to your event.They do great things with Nuevo Mex without the pretention and complete lack of attention to detail that you get at Tamayo.  Keep it up, LOLA!!!
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,3/8/2008,68,174,,5,4>It's not often that you can walk into a place and woman in the kitchen pokes her head out and gives you a nice Southern welcome.  When we went there was the owner cooking and her nephew waiting, and it was busy.  They busted out the food just fine, and were smiling and chatting the whole time.  (Even from the kitchen)   It's the kind of place that makes you feel like a time traveler, while giving you that squishy warm feeling of comfort food served by genuine folk.    I've been a few times now, and although they do have frog legs I cannot stop myself from ordering the catfish.  And do beware, if you get the full catfish dinner, you get two huge fillets of catfish which are crispy filled fishy goodness.  It's pretty orgasmic.  The desserts are amazing too.  Check out the little table in front of the cash register when you go in, and please try not to drool.  I think my fave so far is the sweet potato pie that has just the right amount of spice and is almost cloud fluffy in texture.  Just go there.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2008,3/7/2008,260,513,1,6,3>Chef Frizzi creates fabulous meals with a daily changing menu as to make use of the best ingredients to be had at market that day. The staff is impeccable and very helpful. The old Darios restaurant has been redone to feel like an intimate Italian bistro. (Nice job on the renovation).  The husband and I decided to try Il Posto on a "I-do-not-want-to-cook, there-is-no-food-n-the-house, where-can-we-go normal night out." . This is not that sort of place. This is a "I-got-a-raise, I'm-feeling-flush, anniversary-of-first-date, special night out" restaurant. We split the daily salad, each had our own entree (I had the gnocchi),  split a desert; and between us had 1 beer, 1 martini, and 1 glass of wine. The bill was $120.00; of course the cocktails make the bill higher. Since there is discrepancy in the reviews on pricing, I thought I would add a little detail around it. Why four stars? I would like them to be a little less pretentious. They have the personal wine storage facility which still just amazes me that someone would spend $250 a year (in Denver) to have a private wine stash (6 bottle minimum at all times; cost of wine not included). This silver plaque box also gets you in without reservations. The "special" table remained empty all night which just seemed silly. Il Posto, you will get my 5 stars when you get the right mix of trendy chic and 17th Ave. comfort because your menu is perfect.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2007,3/6/2008,33,205,,14,3>well, this one is definitely bigger than the one i went to In Moline IL. But at the same time, i was not happy... I had an appointment (as they say you should, i did), but the person i was appointed too was asked tons of stuff from other staff members, so what's the point ? I had 2 dresses i wanted to try and i asked her to show me some suggestions. Never happened. So i tried my 2 dresses and left. When i asked her what she thought of the dresses she told me the most expensive one looked best. Not sure if they are on commission or if i should trust her. I was on my way back from work, so none of my friends with me, which i won't do again, friends don't care about how much you spend. Addendum to my review. The customer service totally sucks. Also if you order a dress and are given a date, make sure to call every 2 weeks to check if it is in, because they won't call you if it arrives early.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2007,3/5/2008,105,103,5,6,7>I went back to Cafe Brazil last night after a hiatus of about 2 years.  It had been a favorite spot,  but the food just wasn't as good or special as I remembered, so I took a break.  What a mistake!  Last night the joint was jumpin and the food was incredible.  In a party of 9 women, we all raved about the food and the service.  When does that happen?Who the hell wants to wait on a party of 9 women???  Not me friend, but they were hospitality pros and kept the caipirinhas flowing. Unsolicted menu advice: Don't forget to start with the super yummy manchego cheese and/or the palmitas apps.  We ordered a variety of the entrees and they were all fantastic.  I heartily endorse the Cazuela Colombiana as an entree.  I would like to bathe in it, if that can be arranged.No more extended absences from Cafe Brazil for me.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,3/4/2008,43,148,2,5,4>So good!!  Went here with 12 other people while we were at a conference in Denver.  The wait staff handled our large party perfectly.  In fact, the waitress was so stealthy, she kept topping off my glass of wine without me noticing until it was too late!  Had the Ravioli di Salsiccia and loved it.  Dessert was the Tiramisu and even though I thought that I was full, I ate the whole thing because it was so delicious.Surprisingly, the hype of the night was in the ladies' bathroom - the sink they have in there is actually quite unique.  Yet another reason to check out this restaurant!!
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2008,3/3/2008,110,92,2,6,2>No mi diga!!  We ordered a bottle of white delicious and fruity yet not over bearing sangria and decided it was only natural and muy Espanola of us to order a second. When at The 9th Door...Three stars because it's a wanna be Spanish restaurant and is not so bad. Come on, we all know you can never really taste genuine dishes from another country unless you're well, in another country. But that's neither here nor there.We ordered six tapas and I (personally) was left wondering why each dish was covered:1. in mushrooms?2. in a funky sauce?and an important thought:3. would mi madre y abulea approve?I am so pleased that I was able to try this restaurant and compare the American version of Spanish tapas to the Spanish version of Spanish tapas. I guess this is as close as it gets if you're in Denver but please please note if you want a real "Tortilla de Espanola" give me a ring because I can guarantee I won't garnish it with a white funky sauce and sprinkle fried dough (aka what is THIS?!) on top.All in all, estupendamente (not really just love saying that word)! Did not have dessert but the chocolava looked like a nice little chocolate muffin drizzled in chocolate sauce. Oh and for all you decor fans the restaurant had a lovely gold and red theme. We had a nice little table for two and from what I could tell (the restaurant was extremely dimly lit and by that I mean candlelight and barely there lighting) they must have hung an invisible sign above the bar that read "lovers only" because that's all I saw kissing and canoodling. Nothing beat the white sangria.
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2008,3/2/2008,707,1492,2,8,4>This is one of those restaurants that is not just about the food but the whole experience.There is food and it is delicious.There is atmosphere and it is unique and cool.There is service and it is performance.We went here for our anniversary dinner and we decided to bring the kids (I know, how romantic) so that they could experience it.The kids were...stunned.  At first they were kind of weirded out by sitting on the floor,eating off the table and sharing everything.  By the time there was dancing, juggling and balancing a teacup on a foot while pouring the tea they were giddy.When you're in the mood for a nice change of pace Matamm Fez is the place.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2008,3/1/2008,97,90,,5,5>The family at Taqueria Patzcuaro has found THE way to make your Mexican food dining experience something out of the ordinary.  I was first taken to this spot by some friends in 2002 and have gone back several times a year since then.The difference here is the staff is wonderful but the food is just out of this world.  Even for my wife who was not big on salsa or guacamole (why she married a Spanish/Mexican guy I have no idea) but the Taqueria Patzcuaro converted her in a heart beat.Their Enchiladas Patzcuaro is the best plate I've had in years.  Something about a plate of chicken enchiladas covered with three different cheeses topped with lettuce and tomatoes that makes life worth living.Although parking can be tough at times (street parking only)  and the wait can be a little much (especially at lunch) this is a great little spot for a taste of old world Mexican food.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2008,2/29/2008,22,77,3,7,4>I've been dying to check this place out since I read about the grand opening and finally made my way there last week. The Shoppe isn't a one-trick pony like some of the other cupcake places. It also offers cereal and some pretty fun/random design books. It offers a nice place to hang on Colfax that doesn't involve drinking. I was pretty surprised to see they were open until 10 pm Tuesday to Thursday and to 2 am Friday to Saturday. Another place to get late night junk food fixes. Better than some of the other fixes people on Colfax have been known to try to score. I also liked that there was places to sit unlike some of the other cupcake places. It made my night when some couple got up and gave us their seats saying that someone did it for them earlier. So if you go pass on the good seat karma.As for the reason I'm reviewing this in the first place - the cupcakes - the frosting was perfection but the cake left something to be desired. It was dry. Drier than my skin in the winter. But I would definitely go back.Also, I saw on their blog that they are now delivering but there is a $25 delivery fee.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,2/28/2008,190,292,14,8,7>Dear Spinelli's Market,Hi! How are you? I'm good. I've been wrestling with my feelings toward you for a while, and my friends told me I just needed to tell you and get it out.I love you.There. I said it. I feel so naked now.It's just that your sandwiches and side salads are so delicious. Your employees are so nice. I mean, I would be stupid not to love a place with such a strong sense of home permeating throughout.  I also have a crush on how quickly you construct people's orders, the produce you have available, and the fact you sell Yoohoo.I will write you more later when I have your menu in hand. You are 2Good 2Be 4Gotten. Stay cool and have a good summer vacation. Let's slow dance to Styx sometime soon.Hearts and stuff,Kat
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,2/27/2008,99,463,12,4,3>This place is fun. It just exudes charm. The food is really solid, and dirt cheap. The meatloaf here is good, but, as with just about any meatloaf, it's always better when you make it at home (except, for some reason, Boston Market, who's meatloaf I freaking love). Seating can be a little tight, but it's tolerable. Service is attentive, even when you went out on a couple of dates with one of the waitresses who ultimately ignored you at a concert you both went to prompting you to leave by yourself, and then went to eat at the restaurant she worked at a month later with a new, prettier date.Not that I would know anything about that...
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/21/2007,2/26/2008,14,43,6,7,6>I've been to Maggiano's on several occassions: with a date, with the family, with a group of friends. The music is fun, the dining experience is overall fine, employees are friendly enough, and while it's good food, it's not Fantastic. Not much in the way of excellent Italian flavors.  And somewhat boring and over abundant presentation...no one should eat that much!  If it were 1/2 the cost, it would be a great place to go, given the quality and taste of the food.   I have no problem with expensive meals, when the food quality matches up, but for that exact reason, I often leave the place feeling like I've been taken.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,2/25/2008,540,313,15,6,16>Truffle oil is like an aphrodisiac! That's why I HAD to order the truffle fries this past Sunday.  I saw the fries on the menu and forced myself to order something else because I am trying to stay away from being too much of a nympho these days.  My cesar salad just wasn't doing the trick, and it was a bit on the small side, so when our waitress finally remembered about us and started clearing our plates I shouted, "tttttruffle fries!"  Then I cleared my throat and said, I will have the truffle fries please." I laughed off the entire thing with my friends at the table, but really inside I was about to explode and I really had to keep my legs crossed tightly because I got so excited when I thought about the fries. The wait was emotional and a bit long, but I held out (pun intended).  Upon arrival I pretended that I was all surprised and already full, but I pretty much dug in to the fries like a dog in heat.I left some fries on the plate so I didn't complete the climactic experience, but let's just say that I highly recommend the truffle fries!* Star one for a cute decor** Let me see your hoo hoo star two is for the unisex bathrooms*** Wow its huge star three is for the nice space of the restaurant**** I can see the light star four is for the great big windows, perfect for that Sunday brunch***** Mmm so good star five is for the orgasmic experience
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2008,2/24/2008,307,575,11,5,7>I love Charlie Browns.  But that's just me.If you don't enjoy a bunch of folks sitting around a piano and singing along to old classics, then Charlie Brown's might not be for you.In fact, if you're the type of tool bag that makes fun of those type of people, do us all a favor and stick to your cock farm douche bag clubs, tough guy.  Your disrupting the enjoyment of the higher tax bracket citizens.  (do you get the sense that a couple of those types found their way in there the last time I was there?  Very perceptive of you, if so...)
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2007,2/23/2008,214,247,5,7,5>Spring for the fajitas (tolerable, not great but way above the other entrees in edibility), order a margarita or two, and enjoy the sopaipillas. You didn't come here for the food anyway, did you? Oh, you did? Oops. No, no, no.  On our latest visit we sat in the great cabana to the right of the waterfall by mentioning that the little girl with us wanted to see the divers. They swung over and chatted with us. The kid was goggle-eyed; made the whole trip worthwhile. The whole staff was friendly.  The princess told our little guest if she saw any pirates, to please ask them to give her jewels back; and with a little prompting, she did.  Fun!It wasn't even that noisy, and it was a summer Saturday afternoon.  Our guest got to whack the pinata and collect Tootsie Rolls.  Also got serenaded by the mariachis.  Ask for "Las Mananitas," the Mexican birthday song, and they'll usually sing "Cumpleanos Feliz" ("Happy Birthday") as well.  Of course you have to wander around to see the mine, the jail, Black Bart's cave (scarier now, beware if your little one is sensitive), the lava caves, the very low-key puppet show featuring Ralph the talking lava rock, the wishing well, the bridge behind the waterfall, and all the other free stuff.  Avoid the arcade and gift shop if you can.Sanitized Disney-esque Mexico with food to match.  Try not to be there when it's overflowing with people. If you get there and the line is out the door, it's going to be noisy and probably obnoxious.(To make it clear, the four stars is for the experience with kids or out-of-towners who have never seen such a thing. The food is not the draw, although the chips and sopaipillas are good, and the addition of alcohol can help.)
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,2/22/2008,190,159,,4,6>I met Yelper friends here for a Friday night bite. I wasn't quite in the mood to pay $26 for an entree, so I had a couple appetizers instead (which still added up about the same way, lol). But here's the deal, and I do mean deal, for $13 you can have a nice scallop salad with three good sized pucks of diver-caught (I think) scallops. I was amazed at what a bargain this appetizer is! And very tasty ... they were perfectly cooked.I also had the duck breast taquitos. Very nice.
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2008,2/20/2008,210,385,4,9,4>It's easy to overlook the Kolache Factory, despite the fact that they're situated right off 1st and Wadsworth and have a huge sign visible from all lanes of traffic. Easy, I say, because they share a building with The Omnipotent, Everpresent Starbucks (yes, I capitalize this for a reason) and sometimes it's just hard to see past that familiar mermaid. She has powers. Don't look directly into her eyes lest ye turn to stone...And even if you DO notice the Kolache Factory, it's still really easy to just cruise on by... because really, what the hell is a Kolache anyway? Heaven in a bun, THAT's what a Kolache is, my friends. Heaven in a bun.Behind the counter await freshly baked doughy lumps of goodness, wrapped around every sort of filling under the sun. You can get Kolaches stuffed with fruits or veggies, eggs, breakfast meats, pizza toppings, cheese, or many combinations of the above. The spinach ones are my favorites. Oh, and the bacon, egg, and cheese ones. They're cheap, cheap, cheap... and surprisingly filling. Get a dozen to take home, and when your friends/family ask you, "what the hell is a kolache?" you'll now be able to turn them on to these little buns of tasty goodness in much the same way as I have done here for you. You're welcome.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2007,2/19/2008,23,27,10,5,5>Sorry BE, but I have to tell people how our relationship went sour. Two  years ago you were everything to me, sunglasses, shoes, shirts, skirts, jeans, and my one stop shop down the street where, when my closet pissed me off, I would run into your arms and I would find the perfect shirt for happy hour. I don't know when you went to the other side, but you're not the same. When I moved back downtown four months ago, I was so excited that we were getting back together. But to be honest, you went from my little indie clothing dive and morphed into this local fashion snob. Seriously, the point of the Buffalo Exchange is to be a more selective version of the Goodwill. You're not out there to represent every over priced local designer in the Denver metro area or to make us look like Brittney Spears. I used to be able to visit you and pick up an entire outfit for less than $20. Now I'm lucky if I can get a tee shirt for under $14.50. It's like you used to be this great little escape for those of us who would prefer not to shop at Target when that was all our meager salaries allowed, and now you found a new, cooler, group of friends who you go do drugs with and you've left us in the dust. I can't completely quit you, dearest BE, but I'm not coming around as much because a) I can't afford you, and b) we've grown apart when it comes to fashion sense. I don't want to walk around town in a blingy, low cut "Gold Digger" t-shirt. If that's what you want, then I'm not your girl and we should just accept that you've changed. The Buffalo Exchange needs to go to rehab.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2008,2/17/2008,2899,601,2,10,5>My test for good Asian takeout is *real* seaweed salad - L'Asie has it and they don't bunk it up with a bunch of lettuce underneath, like some sushi restaurants do. I've ordered takeout from this place at least 5 times, 'cause I'm lazy and I like to do that, and it's close to my place, and hands down the delivery guys are always funny (funny ha ha, not funny strange). The food is delicious - the gyoza and aforementioned seaweed salad are excellent, although I didn't care for their hot and sour soup. I've never had better combination birds nest. Not sure if they have an online menu at their myspace account, but this place is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2008,2/16/2008,17,31,2,7,5>This is the place for the best soup period across all genres. 5 years ago I was skeptical to eat something called "PHO" . Now I swear buy it. In fact my wife, two year old son, and myself drive one hour round trip once a week so we can get our fix. First of all the service is insanely fast. You get seated within 1 minute and then the waiter gets to you in another 3 minutes tops. This is a noodle soup restaurant and they just recently added appetizers like spring rolls. I have had the rolls and they are good. They also bring out the dish of greens to add to you soup really fast which I use to dip in my Shriracha hot sauce and some sort of sweet plum combo that I fill my sauce dish with. What to get. I usually get the #2 large with extra meat and extra noodle. I like to over eat. This is a rare steak bowl that is served almost boiling hot. THe steak cooks to a nice medium well. My wife gets the #6 which is well done brisket. She seems to be addicted even more so than I so I assume its fantastic. Need a pick me up? Order the coffee with ice and condensed milk. You wont be able to sit still for three hours I guarantee. Cost. Insanely cheap. This place battles inflation all day with their prices. This place isn't about atmosphere for sure. Its about kick ass food that cures hangovers, hunger, and colds alike. Some dipstick said atmosphere  and lighting lacked. He struck me as the kind of prick that only cares about the see and be seen bs that trendiness provides. This is a fantastic find that was once a hole in the wall and is slowly remodeling into the new millenium. Cant beat it in terms of taste unless you spending 50 a person downtown or in wash park.
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2008,2/15/2008,47,16,3,4,8>My Gluten-eating friends let me pick our restaurants, knowing I keep them in mind when I seek out fare for my own limited no-way gluten requirements. My pal Linda had never been to Stella's, so I picked the little Italian restaurant for lunch. My favorite time to go there is Saturday at eleven AM, before they get busy and I can have the staff's undying attention, which they offer up anyway, but when I'm the only table there and mention I can't eat anything that looks like bread or croutons or rhymes with fluten, I'm positive they get my drift. To add a bit-o-lightness to the atmosphere, our entrees were both eleven dollars or under, which made this the perfect place for us to relax as Linda told me about the medical mission she joined to the Amazon. I happily munched my Walnut Chicken Salad while she nibbled her crab sandwich and shared her photos from a remote Peruvian village: a photo of a three-year-old boy who saw his first toothbrush, the next photo of the same boy experimenting with the toothbrush handle up his nose.Perhaps Stella's valued our laughter as much as we enjoyed their food; we were encouraged to sit as long as we wanted after our meal, as the water and coffee flowed with the travel stories.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2007,2/14/2008,614,1007,1,8,7>Sunday brunch at Dazzle. I had heard so much about the fantastic brunch and the macaroni & cheese, that I figured it was about time I tried it myself.When my bf asked me what we should wear to meet friends for brunch here, I immediately said casual leaning towards dirty, because to me Dazzle looked a bit dirty. It looks like a hole in the wall. We opted on Sunday casual and were quite comfortable. There was quite a mix of people, and anyone would feel right at home. It is a class act inside.The brunch was a wide variety of breakfast foods, including french toast, waffles, omelettes and fresh fruit, as well as lunch fare. The eggplant was especially delicious, and the mac & cheese lived up to its reputation. Everything was flavorful and good. I truly enjoyed the pour your own mimosa fountain too.AND TO TOP IT ALL OFF...Live music. Brunch jazz. Who'dve thunk. It was a delightful experience and I give it the thumbs up. The only thing I didn't really appreciate was the school lunch style partitioned plates at the buffet which I still can't identify as plastic or ceramic. It was just a mediocre touch to a genuinely fantastic experience.
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,2/13/2008,29,61,5,3,4>i used to cut my own hair. in the bathroom. with a couple of handlheld mirrors and a twenty dollar set of clippers. I got pretty good at homemade fades. I only did this because i was so upset with walking out of other places and paying them to fuck up my hair. At least, this way i would only have myself to blame. However, as that bible verse goes, i had to put away childish things (plus, chicks dig a nice haircut yeah?).  So, i ambled down with twenty bucks in hand and entered Al's (this was four years ago in boulder).  I've been an irregular regular ever since.Alas! they now have one in Denver. Consistency, when it comes to hair, is fucking great. And i'm much more comfortable paying an extra Hamiltion or so to avoid HAVING to wear a hat.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,2/12/2008,128,0,2,7,6>When chef-restaurateur Toshi Kizaki opened a little Japanese joint on South Pearl Street in 1985, simply called Sushi Den, flabbergasted fish heads bowed their heads in reverence and made a bold prediction: This, they said, would be the restaurant that sparked a Mile High sushi revolution. They were right. Twenty-two years - and several expansions later - the rock-star restaurant of all things raw is still going strong. And now there's a new Kizaki compound, Izakaya Den, kitty-corner from its sizzling sibling. Only time will tell if Izakaya - which is named for the lively after-work pubs in Japan that dole out both sake and sustenance - can rival Sushi Den's enviable success, but with a sprawling space - including two sushi bars, an upstairs lounge, a spacious bar and a serene patio - at least you'll have a perch to park your tush.Like its Sushi Den sibling, the stunningly beautiful dcor is a magnet for wealthy country-clubbers and Brangelina model types. Dress the part - a little black dress and stilettos will do -- walk the walk, and if you happen to own a Porsche Boxster, a platinum Amex card, and keys to a second home in Cordillera, will you call me? Here, clout counts. Unlike its Sushi Den sibling, Izakaya is not all about the raw stuff. Yes, you can slide up to the sushi bar to witness the slicing and dicing of tuna, salmon and snapper, but the globally enterprising menu is a whirlwind, around-the-world ticket strutting a slew of sharable dishes. Try the hand roll sampler, a three-pronged combination of spicy tuna, crab and beef that's a do-it-yourself wrap and roll affair, or the roasted halibut, dusted with saffron and paired with white asparagus, akatosaka (seaweed) and a yellow tomato gazpacho. Fascinating Fact: The wooden beams that crisscross the vaulted ceiling amount to 12 tons of Japanese-imported cedar. That's 240,000 pounds -- or roughly the weight of 24 adult elephants. Snort.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,2/11/2008,114,440,1,7,5>One of the perks of working in the Broomfield Tech center was the fact that I was a skip and a hop away from Rosati's.  During project overviews and days where it was nothing but back to back to back meetings, the company would order in.  Warm crisp garlic bread accompanied lasagna.  Wow they're lasagna, ooey and gooey with cheese swimming in their savory not sweet but not spicy red sauce.My fav is the pizza.  Thin crispy squares that when you take a bite, a bit of sauce burps out.  When you pull the slices apart the cheese string incident starts to play in the background.  If crispy crust isn't your thing, they also have: deep dish, double dough, Chicago style, and stuffed.  This is what I consider Scandinavian pizza that I would get in Minnesota. I would gladly fault on my diet on Rosati's any day of the week and all day on Saturday.  Soon I may make a trip to try their mostaccioli.*drool*
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2008,2/10/2008,433,446,3,7,5>Long day.  My first flight to Denver was canceled.  So I got booked by United on a later flight - cancel the dinner reservation.  It's snowing, so change the rental to a 4-wheel drive vehicle.  Got to Denver, drove to the Westin - no room for me.  oops.  Someone messed up big time, but I'll deal with that on my own.The kind folks at the Westin didn't want me sleeping in my car in 10 degree weather and found me a room at the Brown Palace Hotel.  And if I wasn't such a whore for my Starwood points, I might stay here the next time I am in Denver. Classic, charming, and great service.  Definitely some tradition and historic ambiance is found here..  If you want trendy and cool, find a W.Usually most older hotels have tiny rooms.  And being built in 1892, I expected the same.  But this room was of decent size. This room was fairly well appointed.  And the king size bed is very comfortable.  Nice robes in the room - 2 of them, but I was by myself.  The bathroom was fine, and the shower was pretty nice.  Glass doors with the hotel logo on them and two shower heads with separate water controls.  One head was dead center in the top of the shower and the other was located on the standard pipe out of the wall.  It too was high enough though - being 6', I hate the showers where the head is at about the 5'8" level.  Both shower heads were the large round type with like 100 streams.  Again, too bad I was alone :).Had a late dinner and a couple of beers in the Ship Tavern.  Pretty decent.  I like the old school style of this place.  Definitely a step back in time.  And the service was very nice.One knock though.  Supposedly there is free wireless internet in the lobby.  But in the room it's $9.95.  What's up with that.At least they didn't wake me up at all. :).-------------- UPDATE -------------------------Quick update posted on 2/2/08 - good and bad.  the review above was written while still in the hotel room.  So quick post-checkout update.  First the good, they didn't charge me the stated $9.95 internet fee.  Not sure why.  Didn't notice until later/Second, the bad - one of the two sliding shower doors was gone and there was a little glass on the bathroom floor.  Somebody messed up.  So after my shower there was water on the floor of the bathroom.  I mentioned it at the Front desk.  They were very apologetic and wrote it down to be fixed.  But no relief on the bill.  No damage done, so I'm not changing my rating at this time.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2007,2/8/2008,51,71,5,5,6>without wishing to pull rank here, i've been going to "the pec" for over 22 years, which may be longer than some of our junior yelpers have been alive. at least they have all given it the 5 stars it deserves. here are the other reasons this is the best jazz bar in colorado, maybe the western US. sting played here. plas johnson played here. harry connick jr. played here. billy tolles played here. kenny walker grew up here. so did freddy rodriguez junior (who now plays a mean piano here most nights) and loads of others you'd know and some you wouldn't. many are depicted on the walls. and they just played here. they weren't booked or paid, they just wanted to come down and play where the cool jazz scene was. before that loathsome stadium appeared, the pec (and most of lodo) was derelict and scary. which made the pec an outpost of risk and excitement. and incredible jazz. yes, there were the stabbings, the car thefts, the muggings etc., but what a small price to pay for a few hours of welcome inebriation leaning on a piano listening to america's only original art form. this place embodies the creative soul of this country, for heaven's sake. legend has it that jerry, the owner, a russian immigrant, won the pec in a divorce some fifty years ago and hasn't put a dime into it since. what a business plan. no cover, great jazz, reasonable drinks, every night. thank god he didn't sell out to the sports-mad lager louts that inhabit lodo today. this place is truly authentic, inviting and friendly. it is tiny, which is the magical charm i think, and has original neon from eons ago. i noticed new floor tiles and a new beer sign in about 1990, (probably free from the brewery) which took away the philanderer's anonymity in the dimly-lit front bar, but otherwise, i can assure you that the decay is all original and the toilets have probably not been serviced (let alone cleaned) in several generations (so go before you come). there is also the hardest pool table to win on in denver in the back room. players must shoot from every tight corner possible as no shot is unobstructed, and calvin, the pec's chef for many years, is about as good as it gets when $1-a-stick is at stake. but the ultimate reason to lounge in the back and play pool is to hear stories from lloyd. he has been going here for 59 years - almost every night - and this must make the pec the original, and maybe the only, truly local pub in denver. westword should do a story on lloyd as he probably knows more about the place than jerry. lloyd's been here more hours for sure. but a final word of warning. the food is something you only try twice. the first time because you don't know any better, and sadly, a second time, several years later, when you are starving, drunk, and have forgotten how explosively sick you got the first time you ate here. i could tell the story of the night the beans blew up on the stove while calvin and i played pool. he calmly scraped them off the floor and put them back in the pressure cooker. not only are there wonderful jazz ghosts from the 1950s here, there are also beans that old in the burritos.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,2/7/2008,0,0,,3,6>My boyfriend took me here the other day so I could experience the best sandwich of my life. I was skeptical, until I bit into it. Holy hell. Talk about an effing good sandwich! I got the pastrami and swiss, and they put it on a delicious baguette. It's definitely no-frills, and that's OK. Even the deli itself is small and unassuming, but it just adds to the charm. And it's cheap! We got two sandwiches, two bags of chips, two sodas, and a dish of olives for $15. Awesome.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,2/6/2008,7,25,4,3,3>Sit at Pete's and order Satire food--what a concept!   You can do that when the Satire is open, and we did.  Nice to sit in the glass-walled room and eat nice Mexican comfort food while people watching both inside Pete's and out the window.  Or maybe you're among the people being watched.  It's a distinct possibility, you know.  One time when a friend ordered a cheese omelet in the wee hours of the AM, and asked the waitress if they had real cheese, the waitress acted like my friend was losing her marbles, and did not seem to understand the difference between real cheese and pasteurized processed cheese.  She said, "all cheese is real cheese."  Oh, no, it isn't, but rest assured, the Satire does use real cheese.   As long as they'll let me, I'll sit in Pete's "garden room" and order Satire food.  It's another one of those unique Colfax experiences.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,2/5/2008,17,80,4,6,1>The food is so good you will want to eat until you explode.  And for the prices they charge, you should do just that.  But more than just awesome food, Rodizio is fun too.  They have these little wooden wands; one side is green and one is red.  If you want lots of hot waiters to bring you meats turn your stick to green.  If you are stuffed, turn it to red and they will leave you alone.  One more thing: try the lime-aid.  It's awesome.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,2/4/2008,3,13,,5,4>As a former employee of two of the Rios along the Front Range it seems I am in the minority for praising the Rio for the quality food. Everyone thinks the food is not that great, but it is. The great thing about the food is that the rice is just rice and the beans are just beans. They don't over season and they don't put a bunch of lard in their food. They do put a lot of cheese in everything though, but at least its real cheese. I ate the Rio food everyday after work and I never got tired of it, I still go and eat there happily. Further, I will say that the kitchen in every store is extremely clean (if you care about that sort of thing like I do). Interestingly, I get sick of the margaritas before the food. All that sugar in the margs gets old quick.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2008,2/3/2008,4491,1870,,6,2>A lot of people have been saying a lot of good things about this recently opened sushi place on S. Broadway so I decided to try it out myself. We went on a Friday night and were able to be seated right away which was a nice start.The prices are good and so is the quality just like everyone said. My favorite thing about this place though was the staff. These were some of the friendliest, most efficient people I've ever seen in a restaurant. They knew when to come over and when to leave you alone. And at the end of the night when some of us were talking about eating funnel cakes our server brought over tempura bananas on the house and told us they were better than funnel cakes. I'm not sure it would be a good place for groups, but it's perfect for date nights or dinner out with 2 or 3 friends.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,2/2/2008,67,110,8,2,1>PROS:FREE BEER!It's cool to see how beer is madeThe whole thing is freeFREE BEER!You can take the short tour and head straight to the FREE BEER!Apparently, Coors makes Blue Moon! Who knew?!?! FREE BLUE MOON!Walk off some calories by taking the tour before you get FREE BEER!FREE BEER!CONS:I got the feeling our tour guide didn't know what she was talking about I felt like we were getting sold on Coors as a brand, not taking a tour of how beer is madeIt was crowded and we had to wait a long time for a shuttleThe free beer area was crowdedAll in all, 4 stars for the FREE BEER. YAY FREE BEER!
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2007,2/1/2008,42,44,7,5,5>I love this place! It's a tiny little hot dog stand with some picnic tables outside, and plenty of hot dog options to thrill the low-budget taste buds.Last time I had a dog with bacon, sauerkraut, relish...hell I don't even remember what all was on it but it was great! The hot dogs themselves "snap" when you bite them; thus the "Snappin' Dogs" name.I finished up my meal with a chocolate-dipped frozen banana. Lovely! you can get peanuts, chocolate sprinkles, or rainbow sprinkles on your banana. I chose rainbow because I am just that festive.I think I'm only going to eat penis-shaped foods from now on. Go Steve's Snappin' Dogs!
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,1/31/2008,41,234,4,2,1>For some reason it's always 100+ degrees when it comes time for the Cherry Creek Arts Fest, but I can't hold the weather against this great festival. Anything that can get me to stroll along the blacktop on a sweltering summer day has got to be worth 5 stars. I like to walk from tent to tent pretending I'm rich and can actually afford to bring some art home. A funky sculpture here, a beautiful painting there and a huge crystalline photograph are exactly what I need to spruce up my manse.When I'm done feeling hoity-toity, I buy an ice cream cone, scout out a shady spot and watch the entertainment in food tent row.
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2007,1/30/2008,7,23,,5,3>Fantastic!  Vietnamese noodle soup.  For those that have never had Pho, it is soup with a very flavorful broth, noodles, and your choice of meats: Brisket, flank, sliced meatball, tripe, soft beef tendon, and chicken. I'm sure there is something I am forgetting! There is also a vegetarian version available.  A plate piled high with  bean sprouts, sawgrass, limes, jalepenos, and basil is brought to the table to add to the soup.  Customize it further with hoi sin, shriracha, and fish sauce, and you have the best meal you can get in town for 6 bucks.  The bowls are huge and I challenge anyone to eat a large in one sitting.I always get the vietnamese iced coffee, which is a remnant of French Colonialism.  It is Cafe du Monde coffee (with chickory) brought to the table in a small french press, left to drip over sweetened condensed milk.  Pour it out over ice and enjoy the complex flavor.  You'll swear there's something else in it like caramel.  They have a wide selection of boba drinks, and some traditional vietnamese drinks.  Pho Duy is very busy at lunchtime.  Resist the urge to park at the Pizza Hut, as they have started to crack down.  Once you try this, you will crave it.  I go once a week now.  This is the best Pho I have had in the Denver area.
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,1/29/2008,13,45,,5,3>I went to this cafe with a friend for lunch.  We got spinach pizza, blooming tea, and GREAT service.  Our food was awesome, one of the best pizzas I've tasted in a long time, it was really fresh.  I don't know if all the pizzas are thin crust, but ours was.  The place was a little pricey for a cafe, (there was a dessert that was 10 dollars...) but on the other hand, they say most their ingredients are organic.  I also noticed that it looked like the tables and chairs were made out of bamboo, it's another nice earth-friendly touch.  The service was great, there were probably 4 different employees that came by our table and checked on us, and they actually looked happy to be at work.  They were all very friendly.  I will certainly go there again when I am in that area.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,1/28/2008,27,20,,4,3>Hands down. Best ever. My favorite bar in universe. Yes, the universe. Why?? The people there. I have never met more genuine, true-to-themselves people than at My Brother's Bar. I had just moved to Denver and it was my first spot to go to. It was probably around 3:00pm on a weekday (I was in interview mode at this time) and I walked in, sat down at the bar (again -- my favorite place to sit). I was greeted by Jimmy (one of the kindest, funniest guys I'll ever meet) and John behind the bar. Several regulars were sitting next to me and we began to chat. This is the epitome of a true bar. Seriously, this is what bars were like "back in the day." No TVs (great idea), just people -- with great stories to tell. And I love it.My first time there I had a cheeseburger. The burger may not be Kobe beef, but the fact that it came with its own plexiglass condiment tray with wonderful goodness MADE it a Kobe burger for me. Fries, addictive. Onion rings -- also dee-lish. I've also enjoyed the tuna sandwich there (no bun for me with Cajun mayo - Jimmy style!).So, it's a little sad because I can't go there as much because I have a job now and I miss it. :( But, it just makes the trips there that much more wonderful.Really and truly though -- it's the people there. I can't get over it. So, I bought a handful of t-shirts the next time I was there and sat and talked with the regulars again. I was hooked. The atmosphere is the best. It's the kind of place you get excited about taking your out-of-towner friends and family.One note: never throw popcorn. Just ask Jimmy and he'll explain.Great history, great people and great food. What else could you ask for? As far as I'm concerned, take me there on Valentine's Day...I love it. My Brother's Bar, will you be my valentine? (One might say I have a crush on My Brother's Bar...!!!)Keep up the good work! Can't sing your praises enough!
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2007,1/27/2008,114,77,3,4,7>Shame on me for posting that Red Rocks Amphitheatre puts my favorite music venue, The Greek Theatre, to shame.  I retract that statement and will say that its an apples and oranges comparison.  At Red Rocks you're surrounded by...well, red rock or a canyon if you will.  At the Greek, you're surrounded by a forest.   Okay, I don't know where I'm going with that and its 2 in the frikken morning so never mind.Just saw Daft Punk perform here along with their opening act, The Rapture.  Awesome show.  Ain't nothing like shakin' it to heavy dance beats under the night sky.  I look to the front - I see the stage.  I look to one side - red rock.  I look to the other side - more red rock.  Behind me? - I see more people, more red rock and the night sky.   Oh yeah, I was standing at the side of the rock and wood bleachers and I felt a perfect midsummer's breeze while listening to "One More Time."  Incredible moment.Bathrooms are abundant and if there's a long line in one bathroom, just go down a flight of rock stairs and you'll find an empty bathroom just for you.  The concession stands are at either side of the venue and there was what seemed to be an independently owned food vendor that sold bbq ribs, sausages and such.  Yummy.  Too bad I already ate.The parking was a little more convenient than the stack parking at the Hollywood Bowl or the Greek Theatre.  You have to walk a little ways from the main parking lot but you get a wonderful view for the whole trek.  I'd love to come back when there's not an event happening to just stroll and soak everything in.  The music lovers of Colorado are lucky to have such a venue.  Lucky bastards - aren't you one of them red states?The LOWDOWN Red State Style!!Minus half a star for selling beer bottles.  This is dangerous when you have drunken yahoos throwing them and hitting people's skulls.  Minus half a star for poor security.  I could have walked in with plastic explosives and an AK-47 wearing a turban on my head.  Wait, is that an un-PC thing to say?  Just trying to make a point.  This explains all the 12 year olds rolling and giving each other sh*tty light shows.Plus 1 star for the FREE parking.  Love it love it love it.  Free parking doesn't exist in Cali.Plus 1 star for the convenience of the vendors and the bathrooms.  The designers/architects knew what they were doing.Plus 2 star for the venue itself.  Is there a better place to see music?  With the free parking, the memory of a full moon and a cool midnight breeze - I now declare Red Rocks Amphitheatre as my favorite music venue.  Huh - I guess it is better.  Stronje!!
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2007,1/26/2008,5,14,5,4,4>I honestly knew going in that "tapas" was Spanish for "incredibly tiny but tasty bites that are going to tease your tongue like that flirty girl in high school but in no way are you going to be fully satisfied by the experience."  Loose translation, I know.  Those Spaniards are quite teasy!I suppose that wretched excess is the hallmark of American restaurant dining, but that's what makes this country great!  Therefore, when presented with delicate little plates of shrimp or bruschetta or empanadas, an American might be inclined to think (or say out loud), "Hey sweetheart, bring the rest of the order the next time you're refilling my Coors Light."  When my husband said this, I thought I was going to die.  I tried a paella (the lamb) and thought the rice was totally too chewy and the flavor a little bland.  The kabob and skewer sampler was pretty good, although the meat was too well done for my taste.   Nice wine selection, including decent ones by the glass.  The decor and layout is very European, with a loft area above, a nice bar and patio seating as well.  Service was friendly, although our server really had a case of the dropsies and had trouble hanging on to a couple of breakables.  I was ready to knock back some ouzo and bust a few plates myself!So Soleil?  So so.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2007,1/24/2008,11,43,,4,3>The main reason for initially visiting here was as a place to eat before dropping my mom off at the train station (across the street) for her slow journey back to Wisconsin.  It was a big hit with our dining party, and we went back two more times.  And even though I have not been back to Wynkoop in a while, this is a place I would easily frequent if I had more reasons to go to LoDo. The ambiance of the restaurant is nice.  A bright and well lit brewpub with exposed brick walls, wood floors and tables and high backed booths.  The J.S. Brown Mercantile building it is located in is beautiful and very fitting for the neighborhood.The service always seemed pretty good and they are willing to have you sample the various beers that are brewed on the premises.  When I drink beer, it is usually red.  So, I had the Railyard Ale which was very good.  Even though I am not much of a fan of dark stout beers, my brother is, and let me know that the Sagebrush Stout is also pretty good.The Portabella Melt sandwich is very tasty.  Other people in my dining party have said the burgers, reubans, and cheese steaks are all good.  But there is one dish that cannot escape attention.  The Gorgonzola Ale soup!  I am originally from Wisconsin... the land of cheese and beer.  By nature, beer cheese soup is common place there.This soup is made with creamy gorgonzola cheese and one of Wynkoop's homebrews (I cannot remember which).  Everyone in the party loved it... and I dont think you would have to be a fan of beer or cheese to really enjoy it.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2007,1/23/2008,9,21,2,4,5>This is my brother's Thursday night bar.  On Thursdays, they have a "jeopardy" style trivia tournament complete with buzzers.  You get up on stage and compete head to head against two other contestants for fabulous prizes.   Thursday is also "ladies night" according to the website, although you would not have known it by the crowd.  I was in town visiting the family and therefore joined my Bro for his standard outing.  Relatively inexpensive beer, nightly drink specials, and an overall dirty-good time.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2008,1/22/2008,236,743,3,2,2>Nuh uh.  They got one in Denver, too???Not as cool as Seattle, though.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,1/21/2008,61,92,2,3,3>Ink! is one of those coffee shops you just go to, because you need to get some work done, you're feeling happy, or you just feel like hanging out in Colorado's capital city. If I may, I must coin a term to describe Ink!, and the only fitting term for the coffee shop situated on the outside of the heart of Denver is Inktastic! My personal experience was most undoubtedly different from others, but if mine was any indication of how the coffee shop treats its average customer everyone should be pleased. I went to Ink! with a mission of writing for writing's sake and observing everyone around me. I ordered my coffee and crept into one of the booths in the middle of the shop. The regular business men and women were on their laptops facing the outside. They were making their phone calls, e-mailing their associates, and making plans for their next business trips. I sat comfortably on the leather bench with the high walls surrounding me. Two customers were working on a story for the newspaper, and a daughter and her mom were discussing the day's events at school. After unsuccessfully looking for a pen or pencil to draw, the mom and daughter gave up. I couldn't disallow the girl to draw so I quickly offered her a pencil. They were both grateful, and I was soon to be on my way. It was one of those feel-good moments in life - not lending the pencil but relaxing in the coffee shop. It isn't high energy. It isn't wide open. The workers are nice. The customers keep to themselves. I would recommend Inking yourselves if you're ever feeling like a good cup of coffee in a quiet setting. A lot of work can be accomplished, and a lot of relaxing can be had. If you do choose to take part, your life will be Inktastic!
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,1/20/2008,5,272,2,1,3>Definitely the second nicest airport I've ever been to. The first is Pittsburgh International, and since the vast majority of my trips are between the Denver and Pittsburgh airports (the latter being my hometown, the former my adopted hometown) I always find myself in the luxury of hip airports (unless they divert me through Detroit or Charlotte of St. Louis, as the airlines are wont to do).But while Pittsburgh's is nicer, Denver's is WAY more artsy, which scores it plenty of bonus points. From the windmills in the tram tunnel to the mountain range water fountain to the murals that some say are the work of the Masons, this is a very fun, quirky airport.And speaking of the Masons, you can't go wrong with an airport that is the centerpiece of some really, really amazing conspiracy theories. Why is the airport built way the heck out there, far from the city? Why the dark, goofy murals? The Mason capstones inside the building?Why, to cover up the secret underground city that lies 20 stories below the airport... or so I've heard! Yes, DIA is apparently Ground Zero for the New World Order, with an underground tunnel directly linking the airport with the White House.But hey, don't take my word for it. Look it up. It's on the Internet, so you know it's true.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,1/19/2008,334,48,10,10,7>Howdy, Yelpers.  Here's my first review!So this was my first true Pho experience.  I had it once at a friend's nouveau-Vietnamese restaurant back in San Diego, but I hardly consider that a true "Pho house" experience.But first, a little background.  Just over a year ago, the family and I moved from the urban jungle of South City Park to the wilderness of the Great Caucasian North (aka North Thornton).  Sure, it was better for the kids, and we could get more house for less money, and I wouldn't deal with people pissing on my garage door on a regular basis, but what about CULTURE?  No more PS Lounge?  No more Steve's Snappin Dogs?  No more choice of 10 Ethiopian restaurants within 2 miles of my house?  Was the move REALLY worth it?  I struggled with this, and made my peace that my kids come first, my stomach second.Where I had previously thought myself more on the culinary cutting edge, I must admit, suburbia has sucked me down into a foodie black hole.  I'm constantly bombarded with the quick fix of Olive Garden, or Chili's, or Outback, or whatever.  And I often fall prey to their temptation.  What can I say, I like food, and I like to eat out.  But I will tell you, while I may leave full, I'm still hungry.So for the past year, I've been trying to scope out the non-corporate-chain-divey-slash-interesting-hole-­in-the-wall places that would support my theory that there just HAS to be people up here that like interesting food.  It's during this quest that I noticed a rather high percentage of Vietnamese places up here (relatively speaking, that is.)Which brings me to Pho 120.  (Bet you thought I had forgotten all about the review in trade for a life story, didn't you?)Based in a strip mall on 120th in Broomfield, and sharing real estate with a Safeway, Blockbuster, and Good Times, it's easy to miss.  The interior is tasteful, if not a little bland.  My daughter did appreciate, however, that the picture hanging above our table was plugged in to the wall.  Just a handful of booths, and lots of larger banquet-type tables that could easily accommodate large parties, or mixed party dining.  Everything was very clean and it smelled fantastic upon walking in.Not knowing if my kids would be down with the pho, I ordered some egg rolls to start off with.  They were quite tasty, not greasy, and came with a nice plate of condiments that went beyond the usual lettuce and dipping sauce.For the main course, I got a medium bowl of pho with rare steak, well done flank and tripe.  My daughter got the small meatball and my wife got a vermicelli noodle bowl with pork, beef, and shrimp.Not knowing the full rules of the pho ritual, I kind of winged it.  When my bowl was delivered, I promptly added fresh jalapeno, bean sprouts, basil, and what I'm guessing (from reading other pho reviews) was dandelion leaves, along with some fish sauce and a generous spoonful or two of the non-Sriracha chili sauce.It was fantastic.  The broth was savory, but not overwhelming.  The contrast of the meat to the noodles to the herbs and sprouts was like a dance-off in my mouth.  I also appreciated how the flavors continued to change as I made my way through the meal, as the ingredients continued to cook/cool.  I finished my bowl, full, NOT hungry, and already thinking about my next pho experience.  The rest of the fam dug it, too.Service was fine, albeit a little bit spotty, but everyone was very nice.  If I had one major complaint about the place, it's that it's caused me to have pho on the brain.  I can't stop thinking about it, and can't wait to get more.  I'm thinking I'll have to hit Pho 79 across the street this weekend.  But fear not, if I decide to review, I promise not to be quite as verbose.Cheers!
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,1/18/2008,67,174,,3,3>Mmm, quick, tasty, filling salads.  My first time to Fourleaf Chopped Salads proved to be everything I had imagined.  I'm the kind of person who likes to look at menus before I go to a new restaurant.  Fourleaf didn't let me down---they post theirs online, thank goodness.  The atmosphere is modern and sleek, but on this chilly day, the aluminum chairs and tables felt strikingly cold.  Oh well, the salads are cold, so I guess I shouldn't care.I ordered a Southwestern salad which has romaine, chicken, jicama (a personal fav), tomato, avocado, black beans and roasted red peppers.  But I substituted the peppers for cheddar cheese, which they did happily for me even though the sign asks for no subs.  They give you free croutons with any salad and lots of fresh cracked black pepper AND a warm breadstick.  I was sold.My friends had the Napa salad--yummy, I'm going to get that next time, and the Buffalo Chicken salad--also yummy.  We beat the lunch crowd but we witnessed the reason so many people pre-order online...the line grew and grew and there were no tables left by noon.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2007,1/17/2008,16,34,4,5,4>I suck at bowling, I mean really bad!  I think my bowling has been called slapstick at one point, so finding a place like this is awesome.  I can hang out and be cool while everyone else plays.  there are lot's of cute guys to look at and talk to and it's not like I'm out to pick up anyone because I'm B0WLING!  HA HA
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,1/16/2008,1,9,4,6,6>This store does not make me feel like I am making up for the lack of a boyfriend.  In fact, it does just the opposite.  Between helpful service and a great variety of adult products this place is great for singles and those who are involved alike.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,1/15/2008,56,148,1,6,3>I've got to hand it to Tamayo for appealing to both my cheap side that can't resist a good happy hour deal AND my foodie side that wants a decadent and delicious meal.  Happy hour:  Even with whatever little HH incentive (like a dollar off?  Pffft) the drinks are still spendy, but usually quite good.  The true kicker of Happy Hour is the tower of tasty little snacks.  Sometimes it's been offered, sometimes we've had to request it, but it's ALWAYS insanely good, and decently filling for free foodstuffs. By far the best happy hour food you could ever wish for.Dinner:  As hinted at by HH snacks, the food here is inventive and consistently de-lish!  As a vegetarian I'm not always into Mexican food, as it seems to center around beans, cheese and rice, but everything I had here really impressed me.  With the frequently changing menu and the great specials, you could eat here all the time and never get bored... assuming you can afford it.  Or,  just settle for free happy hour food.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2007,1/14/2008,2,48,,3,1>Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen this side of town. Menu consists of all the usual favorites; pizza, pastas, veal and so on. Service is quick and at night the ambiance takes on alittle classier vibe with the candlelit tables and the lights down low.Bring the ID if you look under 30; they like to card.
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,1/12/2008,70,228,2,3,3>I never leave my hometown without a trip to Old Chicago.  I know people hate on it, but the pizza is actually really good and the beer selection, especially the Colorado beers, is fantastic.  On my 'way' to the airport, I stopped by here to get my fix, had a veggie 7 pizza and a 90 Shilling beer, slept like a baby on the plane from my food/beer coma, and woke up feeling complete!  The atmosphere here is okay, much like being a older TGI Fridays or something, but that's not why I come here.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2007,1/11/2008,41,245,,2,2>Now THIS is food I can crave on a chilly day. The beginning of fall is upon us- the days are shorter, and you can smell snow in the air some crisp evenings already. I'm thinking this will be an early winter, and I'll be seeking out Little India's chicken curry to tide me through it.There was a time when I avoided spicy food like the plague. I still have very sensitive taste buds, and I generally ask for my curry a little milder than it is normally served- standard is not TOO fiery for me, but I can enjoy the flavor more with a slightly smaller dose of capsacin searing my mouth.Arrive early and try the lunchtime buffet- $10 for an excellent selection of spicy, tasty Indian dishes guaranteed to perk you up on a chilly fall afternoon.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2007,1/10/2008,24,44,7,7,7>Good God the french fries and chocolate shake make me wish I needed to gain 20 pounds.  And then there's the fried chicken!  Amazing.The next time I had grilled cheese.  this is not somewhere with great salads or a quiet environment, but if you want some fun, noise and a few extra inches I recommend Stubens.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/12/2007,1/8/2008,55,11,6,6,3>The food at Sushi Sasa always deserves more than 3 stars, although typically their employees do not. I recently decided to take advantage of the great happy hour (to be explained later) with my date and another couple on a Friday right after work. So, upon entering and walking up to the host/ess stand I immediately received my first sideways glance from an employee.  The reason: I had not made a reservation to attend happy hour..? The host curtly explained next time I might want one, and that we only had 1 hour and 15 minutes to shovel food down our gullets since another reservation had been made for the table we would be seated in. We were promptly seated even though one member of our party was missing and given more than enough time to mull over the menu and drinks.  This would be a theme throughout the night. Our waitress was inattentive and seemed put upon at all times. Getting back to the food: The happy hour specials are truly a great deal. $4 for a 22 oz Kirin bottle, $4 California rolls (which are amazing) and $2.50 hand rolls. Unfortunately the specials are not printed on any of the menus or special cards so you must ask your server (second sideways glance) which particular rolls are featured for the special. Also, don't even think about ordering a happy hour item near the 6pm cutoff or... you guessed it you may receive another, longer sideways glance.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,1/7/2008,33,55,3,5,2>No one has mentioned this yet but, I find it entirely pertenient (aka too awesome not) to mention that Jet is a lively club on the weekends as well!  Friday and Saturday nights the cool kids of Denver (i.e. me and whoever sits at my lunch table) hang out there.  There's never a line but, there's a VIP section if you do wanna feel extra special.  There's dancing, drinks,  and--usually--a celebrity appearance or two (Paul Wall, who? Flava Flav, what?)Jet is small and intimate yet big enough to get your groove on.  One rule, though:  no Carlton moves, Fresh Prince. ;)
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,1/6/2008,140,191,16,3,4>There ought to be a confessional somewhere on Virginia, near Birch. Two kinds of confessions would be heard there:"Forgive me Father, for I have sinned. It has been one week since my last confession. I have been to Fascinations & Shotgun Willies and I am guilty of licentiousness, impurity, coveting, drunkenness, carousing, and general horniness. As a matter of fact, Father, you're turning me on a little bit right now. Please give me my penance! I need some flagellation! Beat me! Beat me!"---and---"Forgive me, David Bowie, for I have sinned. I've been to Target and given that mega-corporation money. Not only that, I actually thought to myself, I love Target. I know I should only shop at small independent stores but I love their selection and their quality is so much better than Kame-Apart and geez how can I live without their fabulous wrapping paper and cute purses and kitschy garden ornaments and it's all so inexpensive you won't believe what I paid for my lion soap dispenser.  {Pant pant pant.} "Please, David Bowie, cure me of my Target addiction. Make me willing to drive around from store to store for days. Make me willing to spend more money in support of the little guys. It's too hard to resist!!! Its evil is permeating!"Four stars, only because I cannot bring myself to give it five. Urban sprawl, ya'll. But even then, I'm almost tempted because they are known for their philanthropy. Ah, well. Target rocks. I suck for thinking so. Deal.
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2007,1/5/2008,463,976,,7,3>Frontier is beginning to grow on me.  We used this airline to head to Washington D.C. a couple of weeks ago.  They've got reasonable plane fares, comfy seats, Direct TV ($8 for pay-per-view movie and $5 to watch 24 channels), and snacks.  I was so excited about the drinks and snacks!  They actually give you the can of soda or juice that you want, not just some dinky cup with a lot of ice that is really only half a cup of your fave juice or soda.  They also have at least 4 choices of snacks - chips, Chex Mex, a granola bar, or say, pretzels.  The flight attendants are extremely friendly and service-oriented.  They come through twice to provide drinks and their flights are ON-TIME!  A huge plus!
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2007,1/4/2008,12,22,,4,4>A friend introduced me to Wazee years ago. I had tried several items on the menu before I finally tried the pizza. I was ashamed I waited so long. The crust is crispy, yet soft and chewy, not tough, and not soggy. Great selection of toppings, and all very good too. There is usally a long wait before and after avs or nuggets games, but the staff has always been friendly and its easy to grab a drink at the bar while you wait.I also love the fact that they stay open so late, which is a great time to avoid the crowds.  The place sometimes has live music, jazzy stuff that's fun to eat pizza to and if you get seated upstairs, it can be kindof romantic for a date.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,1/3/2008,467,473,3,4,5>While in college in the 90's my multicultural class did a group field trip...all of us rode with our professor on the Colfax bus from the Auraria Campus to Queen of Sheba and back again.I, too, have been to the more upscale Ethiopian places, but never to a place as good as this where the food is prepared with so much love and attention to detail.  Sometimes one must let go of those OCD-based upper middle class standards when dining at a restaurant that represents a whole other culture from the other end of our vast spherical globe.With love,Harmony
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2007,1/2/2008,155,179,,5,1>Awesome Beer, great Shepard's Pie, and the atmosphere of an old English brewery.  From the outside you would never think it would be such a old pub design on the inside. I totally agree with Gregory P. on their quality of beer, out of all the places I've tried, they're in my top ten for sure.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2007,12/31/2007,5000,2823,8,3,5>YELP HELP I just inked in my pants!  OMG this is THE cart to hit up on 16th street when you are craving a dog.  Not just any hot dog but gourmet dogs like the: Alaska Reindeer, Elk Jalapeno Cheddar Brat, Southwest Buffalo, Wild Boar Sausage, German Veal Brat, Lousiana Red Hot and the All Beef Kosher Hot Dog.  They are served up with all the conidments you can imagine including shredded cheese, Siracha sauce, BBQ sauce and pickle spears.  To top off your sausage experience Jim serves these sausages up with a line of cream cheese and some sauteed onions (he uses Coke to season them,  no joke.... so good).   Doesn't get much better than that!I ordered the Wild Boar and asked Jim to make it EXTRA WILD.  He laughed and so did the guy behind me.  It was orgasmic.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2007,12/30/2007,46,35,1,9,5>I found out about this time last year that I have food allergies.  My doctor misdiagnosed me with Rheumatoid Arthritis because a blood result I took (due to back pain) came back elevated.  My aunt-in-law  practices acupuncture and told me to be tested for food allergies.  Apparently, the symptoms for both are similar and the RA test measures the amount of inflamation in your tissues which is sometimes caused by food allergens.On a scale from 1 to 5, (5 being the most allergic and enough so to go into anaphylactic shock and 1 being so small of a reaction that you won't even know you're allergic), I scored about a 3 on everything that I was tested for...  All 40 foods.  That includes all cow dairy, wheat and yeast (so no bread of any kind - not even spelt; it usually has yeast), black pepper, soy, onion, tomato, cane and beet sugar, pork, beef,  white flour, etc.  I thought I could handle it.  "So, who cares if I can't eat everything I've been used to eating my entire life.  I'll do it with pleasure if this damned back pain will go away."I figured what the hell?  I'll lose weight.  My big toe and, maybe, my booty will be all that's left of me.  I'll be the healthiest person on the planet if all can eat is grass and drink water.  Well, it wasn't quite that extreme, but you try grocery shopping for that type of diet.  NEVER have I been so frustrated in my life!But, I went for a month and was able to completely cleanse my body of all toxins and yes.  There were a few that had built up after 27 years of eating foods that I am allergic to (hence the back pain).   But, I did it.  Then I hit a brick wall.  Maybe I was PMSing.  Who knows.  I woke up one morning, my husband (then fiancee) mentioned something about making waffles (with our flaxseed flour, of course) and I burst into tears.  I couldn't have butter on my waffles!  How sad is that?!  ESPECIALLY when you are already subsituting rice syrup for regular syrup.Growing up in Texas, I was used to butter or cheese on EVERYTHING.  I can't help it.  That's how I was raised.  And, that's how I like all my food.  "Cover it in butter and/or cheese, please."  Yep. That's me.So, there's my husband, looking at me like I'm crazy.  He is still trying to be supportive though, bless his heart.  "What about goat products?  They make goat cheese, who says they don't make goat butter?"  RIGHT!  This is why I love him!  ...I can eat goat dairy products.  I kept forgetting that!Before moving in with him, I lived in the Highlands for a year.  I loved living there - but, that's another review for another day.  My roommate and I loved to throw parties.  And, my roommate, aka Chef Megan, loved to serve wine and cheese before the main appetizers at every get together.  She had had me pick up cheese for her on occasion at this great little cheese shop just north of the 32nd and Lowell intersection.  The very day of the butter incident, I booked it to the shop.And, yes.  There is a God.  Goats make great, though pungent, butter.  Not to mention the cheese.  Yum. I've since found the same brand goat butter at Wild Oats for $2 cheaper.  However, no other place I've since shopped holds a candle to the quality, selection and price of the cheeses.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,12/29/2007,35,308,1,3,4>If ever there was a magical place, it was the Tattered Cover.When I walked in, there was a familiar smell that hit me. The old wooden floors? The worn but weloming mismatched couches and chairs perhaps? Either way, it reminded me of the aunt's house (who has old wood floors and mismatched furniture and TONS of books!) It also reminds me of the ORIGINAL Barnes & Noble on Fifth Ave in NYC. My dad use to take me there when I was little (in the early 80s before B&N was the store that is today). It was the kind of store that you could lost in, with nooks and crannies, dark corners, and cushy seats galore.I loved that I could grab a stack of magazines and just sit and read through them as though I was in my own living room. I loved that the whole store didn't smell like Starbucks coffee. I love that it was so quiet that the only noise I could hear was the white noise of the AC. No cheesy piped in music. I'm so sad that I have to return to my B&N life in suburban Massachusetts. Sniff.... you will always have a place in my heart, Tattered Cover.
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2007,12/28/2007,105,103,4,7,4>This is a fantastic and unique shop in the Belmar shopping center.  I was pleasantly surprised to find such a cool boutique nestled alongside mostly chain stores (Gap, Banana, etc.).  It has a wide selection of super stylish bags (laptop, messenger, hand, etc.) along with cool i-pod accessories, "rehabilitated" dishes, earrings made from old cell pone buttons, guidebooks, clothing, and a whole other random assortment of interesting items.  If you like Decade on Broadway, you will like this place too.  Bonus for big spenders: They offer free gift wrap and during the holiday season, if you spend $250 in any Belmar shop, you get a $25 dining certificate and one free movie pass.  They also have an ice skating rink so you can pretend you're Dorothy Hamill
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2007,12/27/2007,43,148,1,3,2>We stopped here after dinner at Venice (which was amazing) for some drinks.  I really liked the seating area to the left of the entrance.  It was perfect for our large group of 13 - comfy bench seating, sprinkled with fun little cushy cubes to bounce around on.They had lots of frilly drinks to choose from and my friend (a guy) had a good time watching the bartender (a girl in a short skirt) climb up and down the shelves.  Our cocktail waitress was perky and nice.  This place seems like it'd be a fun spot to hit after work or on the weekend.  It was pretty mellow when we were there (it was a Monday), but it's got potential.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2007,12/26/2007,0,0,5,2,2>So we I took a road trip...from Chicago to LA.  I thought it would be nice to review truck stop bathrooms along the way...however, there was no general topic that "truck stop bathrooms" were all held in, so I'll review the reason you will be using the bathroom from Denver to LA.In steps Little Anita's New Mexican Restaurant...  After driving through the night we arrived in Denver just in time to grab some breakfast burritos with a friend.The food was great. the restaurant was clean and the service was quick.  Little Anita's isn't the best road trip food however.  Those fantastic burritos filled with egg, sausage, cheese, and peppers smothered in a great green pepper sauce will move through your system faster that a German blitzkrieg attack through Poland!**Poland met the German tank attacks in WWII with soldiers mounted on horses...**at any rate, if you have time to sit and let your stomach settle, I recommend Little Anita's4/5
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,12/25/2007,397,602,9,10,11>I discovered this place soon after moving to Denver and walking around 16th St. Mall all day. I have a small mini dachshund, and this is the perfect place to spoil her!  I got a rockies collar and jersey for my little one. They have cute little baked treats you can buy as well as organic treats for sale. There is so much more I wanted to get my girl but simply cannot afford spending $40 on an outfit for her!
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2007,12/24/2007,110,92,5,2,3>Does anyone work these days? Or are Apple users just too cool for school? Whatever the case may be, I was able to track down one of the many cute nerds/hiphop/unique looking guys after about five minutes. Aren't those guys just so cute? Sorry, getting off track.Since my ibook battery charger was mysteriously smashed, it was only natural for me to run around saying "this is a fuck!" and immediately rush to the nearest store. Needless to say, this store is NOT close. I brought in my crushed cord and in about an apple of a minute (not a new york minute mind you) was handed a new battery charger for less then $90. Who knew? Thank god my ibook from back in the day (2002 represent!!) still runs good as new (immediately knocks on wood).Saved by the Apple, yet again.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2007,12/23/2007,190,292,1,2,2>I am a big fan of fruit smoothies. Big. I will drive past Jamba Juice in a second for the sake of getting my grubby hands on a kiwi lime pie smoothie at Inta Juice.Furthermore, I am willing to overlook a lot of things for the sake of a tasty smoothie, like, for instance, customer service. Honestly. It's a bit pricey (just like all the other smoothie places) and it's staffed by angsty teens who usually aren't the quickest, but dude.  When I was pregnant, I craved these things like you would not believe, which was fortunate considering they are pretty damn healthy.They only advertise one size on their board, but they do have smaller cups that are a lot more affordable and reasonable in size. So, if you're not one for ingesting a trough of smoothie in a styrofoam cup the size of your head, you can request the smaller size.  Also, they have one of those punch card deals where if you buy 10, you get the 11th free. If you're around the Stapleton area and want something tasty, check it out.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2007,12/22/2007,694,903,6,5,6>You get what you pay for...This place is cheap.This place is near nothing to eat at.This place has a shitty restaurant.This place has lots of parkingThis place has nice views of the city, six flags, and ivesco fieldThis place is practically in Broncos stadiumThis place has FREE WIFIThis place is round - which means the rooms and bathrooms are funny shapes
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2007,12/21/2007,14,43,7,7,8>This is my hang.Yes I like tattoos, yes I like hot chicks and lotsa lotsa booze.  So really, you can't go wrong at the Skylark.  Drink specials are common and happy hour really is happy with the earliest start I have seen.The people are real, not hipsters.  The burlesque looking hotties that frequent the place are always a pleasure and the drinks are good and fairly cheap.  The music is perfect, love the bands and hey, they always remember your name.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2007,12/20/2007,540,313,5,6,9>I load up on all the spandex gear, try it all on and then bend over in front of the mirror to see how big my butt will look when I am stretching. It is not a bad site because the Lulu pants fit nice and tight and make my bum look nice and perky... Did you care to hear that?  Probably not.Yoga gear at its priciest, this lifestyle store has the most incredible and wearable yoga gear and accessories I have ever come across.   The tank tops, shorts, pants, swim suits, shorts, and skirts are all so great and sporty looking and the materials are nice and stretchy, God I love Spandex.  I wish I could buy everything in the store.But stop right there, the prices are overload-high... We are talking Patagonia prices here folks, where even a headband kind of puts you over the budget limit... But I can never control myself, I always buy one item too many.The tank tops can be worn for yoga or as street clothes, which may I add, are some of the most awesome tank tops because a lot of them you don't have to wear a bra... Nice for women and men right?The entire company is very earth friendly and sustainability conscious, and you can see from the bags... Yup, it says it right on the bags that they care about you being positive.  This Lulu also offers free yoga classes on Sunday and a little station of information on working out right in the middle of the store.And if you are a dance instructor, yoga or pilates teacher or a personal trainer, you can get 15% off... Which you might need depending on which studio you teach at.* Star one for selling tight spandex... Not always the best to see someone in, but oh so comfy** Sun Salutation star two is for friendly staff who are cute and athletic and attentive*** Happy baby star three is for great yoga gear that can be worn in or out of the studio... it is just that hot**** Meditative star four is for a green conscious organization that encourages positive thinking and actionsStar five was stripped due to price!
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2007,12/19/2007,15,14,,5,4>** UPDATE: While the restaurnt went into a hiatus during the opening of the bar next door, at this point both bar and dining room are running. And after some rough patches getting both placesrunning, I'll put this place back on the top of my absolute favs in Denver. I won't go so far as to say that Denver deserves this place. But it certainly needs it.I've had better meals, in fancier rooms, with more well-educated staff and bigger wine lists. But I've never been in love with a place like I am Z Cuisine.French food is too often the doorway to fussy, upscale fusion assembled on white plates by a team that would have become surgeons if they didn't like the taste of meat.But anyone who has really considered French food understands that, while Escoffier may have invented haute cuisine, the soul of that food lies in the devotion given to chow by its countrymen.I don't know Patrick, the guy that owns this place. But I can tell you, his French accent isn't fake. And neither is his food. I always peek through the big window into the kitchen hoping to catch a glimpse of someone's old grandma slowly stirring a pot. Because to me, that's what the food tastes like. It's as if you've stumbled into a someone's farm house living room and with great charity, the family has decided to serve you food from it's own kitchen.Yeah, I know. I'm embellishing. But Z Cuisine encourages you to tell stories. Go on a date and you'll have another.  It's not a place with a "20 minute wait" and an "appetizer menu". It's a room full of love and wonderful smells and devastating tastes.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2007,12/18/2007,161,29,,8,3>What a GREAT surprise this place is! You would never suspect the caliber of restaurant by the outside. But hey, never judge a book.... yada yada! We snuck in here one night and had the best hummus of our lives, no joke. The food is great and the atmosphere makes everything really blend together well. Don't go here if you are looking for drinks with dinner. They don't have a liquor license. But it is worth going for the food, the different dining experience and indeed, the finest hummus ever! This is a winner!
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,12/16/2007,190,159,23,10,6>Oy! Are you meshuge? Don't even try to tell me that thing with onions you're eating is called a bagel. What kind of shlemiel do you take me for...  what shtuss. Who can eat such chozzerai?In Baltimore, they could make a bagel to die for. In California they make what, a piece bread with the hole kvetched shut? They ought to call it a kegel! As for Colorado ... Einstein Brothers? Noahs? Feh! Don't get me started. The Bagel Store, now they know how to keep it kosher, and for such a low price, you wouldn't believe.You want a nosh? Get off your tokhes!  Monaco & Tennessee ... so, go already!
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,12/14/2007,23,27,3,4,2>I've kind of been on a movie rampage since I decided that cable was a waste of time and money. I love documentaries and Blockbuster does not. What Blockbuster loves is ripping people off, charging outrageous late fees beyond the value of the movie, and people who live in suburbs that don't have access to places like Video One. Blockbuster tried to charge me $85 for a movie that accidentally got mixed in with the junk in the back of my closet when I was in high school. I heard nothing of this until 8 months later I got a letter from a collections agency saying that my credit was going to be affected. I called Blockbuster corporate and told them that I had to move to Canada, which seemed to work because I never heard anything from them again. They must be terrified of Canadians. I am not really from Canada.As you walk into Video One, there is a large cork board that is reserved for disgruntled ex-blockbuster card holders. You staple your old card on this board and enter a world of New Releases, Indie flicks, and pretty much anything that you wouldn't find at Blockbuster. While you wait for the kind and eccentric movie fanatic behind the counter to polish the movies you've selected, you are entertained with hillarious clippings from the Onion taped to the counters. I liked being entertained while waiting for my entertainment. Besides, their messages they leave on your voicemail telling you that you've kept the movie too long are comedic in their own right.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,12/10/2007,612,762,1,3,2>I walked through Denver with a few co-workers and was ready to give up on food in Downtown.  Commercial chain after commercial chain.  I thought Denver was supposed to be much more crunchy granola!  Taco Bell started to look like gourmet food.  Luckily we decided to stop by Starbucks and pull a Rachel Ray on "$40 A Day" and ask a local for  advice on a cool local joint that was affordable.  Thank you sage barista for your kick ass advice. City, O'City is a local yokel joint.  Sigh of relief, I dodged a tourist trap!  The restaurant/bar/coffee shop was filled with hipsters from the community.  Very low key cool vibe.  ...And then things got better... vegetarian restaurant!  What a relief after eating mystery food at my hotel.  I started looking at the menu and saw many savory pizza items.  I signed.  My damn wheat allergy.  I fantasized about pizza.  Here comes the shocker.  I rubbed my eyes b/c I thought I was hallucinating -- gluten free pizza!!!!!!!!!!  Let me say it again GLUTEN FREE PIZZA.  Holy moly crap-a-moly, this restaurant serves vegetarian and gluten free fare.  How did I happen to stumble upon mecca?We ordered the Mediterranean Plate.  The falafel was wheat free.  The hummus had feta cheese sprinkled on top.  They even brought me delicious gluten free pita bread!  The plate of warm brie cheese with an apricot glaze and garlic mixed the perfect flavors of sweet, pungent and creamy.  The pizza was fig.  I know, fig pizza sounds bizarre-o.  Trust me, it's an unsual pizza you just don't want to miss out on.  The pizza was one of the best gluten free pizzas ever.  While my companions drank beer, I sipped on damn good champagne for $6/glass.What a perfect restaurant.  Eclectic restaurant filled with groovy locals.  Gluten free pizza and a glass of either champagne or gluten free beer.  Denver, I may love you despite of your bitter cold winds.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2007,12/9/2007,614,1007,3,2,3>This should be called "Good Ass Panini - with a spicy pickle on the side".Serious - I hate sandwich shops, I hate sandwiches...boooring. So, I wasn't thrilled to be wasting my short lunch here, surrounded by LaGuna Beach girls on their Cherry Creek high school lunch break.I digress.The service was fast and smiley...super smiley.I had something called The Bronx, which I was expecting to be a sloppy cole slaw version of a reuban. It was a brilliant clean version of the reuban wih corned beef, cole slaw and thousand island, with the slightest hint of cheese - and I mean slight - the sliver was so thin, I barely found it, but loved the added touch without being overbearing to the flavor of the panini.It was perfect.And the pickle was damn spicy...caught me offguard.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2007,12/7/2007,40,71,11,1,>Yes, yes, y'all the Notorious M.S.G. is in the house... Trashy and sometimes delicious Chinese food that is FAST AS HELL. OK, it's not exactly the fanciest place but its fast, cheap and I've never gotten food poisoning from there. So, I'm going to go ahead and rate it 3 stars. I live in the Bermuda triangle of delivery places. Nobody delivers except like 3-4 places. This is the Chinese place that will. The same woman is ALWAYS THERE. She must live there. She must have a cot in the back next to the phone. ANYTIME OF DAY she is there. If I ever call this place and she is not there, I will make my funeral arrangements because there is a pending Ragnarok on the way. I think the universe may possibly cease to exist if unknown lady who answers the phone is not there when I call. She's as constant as the northern star, right down the phone line...
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2007,12/6/2007,14,46,,9,5>I have been using Colorado Free Universtity for years now.  Last month i did a great internet marketing class.  I have also learned Photoshop, Html, Spanish, and even a yoga class.  they are always fun and the teachers do know what they are doing, call them "experts" in the field if you will and yet the prices for classes are reasonable.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2007,12/5/2007,114,440,3,5,3>One mid Saturday the boy and I decided to try Pasquinis.  Were we scared by the drive up Broadway?  I admit it makes me a little uncomfortable.  Walking in did it feel a bit cramped?  Yes but I missed the option of going upstairs.  This Pasquinis location reminds me of a no name hole in the wall started by two hippies or by some person on "something" while decorating. Bohem funk.Anyways lets get to the food. Of course the parm garlic sticks are fantastic. Garlic sticks of dough in their own little puddle of butter and adorn by parm.  I watch my hand so I don't grab more than one.  Must have pizza.  Nothing fancy just pepperoni & garlic.  Tasty and strong garlic (we're at that comfortable stage, we can do this)  Would have been a better bite if the garlic was sliced vs whole, but we make do with slicing it ourselves.  Crust has just enough seasoning, stiff enough to accommodate the balanced sauce and its cheesy meaty friend.  Better than Blackjack and Pizza slut, not as delicious as others in the Denver Metro area..
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2007,12/4/2007,151,143,1,5,3>We caught a Rockies DBacks game here while in town for the GABF, and had a decent time.  The food was passable for a sport's bar, and they had decent prices and reasonably quick service considering how crowded the place was.  I probably wouldn't hang out here for any other reason than to catch a game, but for that purpose it was serviceable.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,12/3/2007,22,26,2,3,>yeah, yummy in my tummy. The unfortunate PMS monster reared its ugly head and took me directly to Chedd's.  Not only did I consume one lovely hot cheesey Farmer In The Dill, but I also wolfed down a side of the yummy mac-n-cheese.  SCREW U DIET!!!!!!!!
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,12/1/2007,51,71,4,4,3>OK. it's very rare that a guy would ever review a women's clothing store, especially a neanderthal bloke like me, but i've been in here a couple of times with exceptionally cool women, and i've always been warmly welcomed and quietly impressed. not only are the clothes the sort i'd love to see my date wear, but this place is very, very cool, and seriously clever.here's why: they have "guy's football and shopping services" for the retarded morons like me who can't choose hip clothes for their ladies to save their lives.the lovely gals that run this joint understand how much guys need to shop for their girlfriends to score points and how utterly hopeless we are at it. so they devised the ultimate planet-conquering trick: we'll shop for you and you can watch football while we do it. brilliant!you show up, they know your ladies' tastes and sizes from previous sleuthery and all you do is tell them which girlfriend you are shopping for, swipe the card and head to the sports bar on the corner while they shop, gift wrap and charge you. they even make sure there is a free pint waiting on the bar while they bag everything up. now that's highly fashionable style and service in my book.oh, and the leopard print thongs by hanky panky are a knee-shaking home run. sold with the zebra, lace and sheer flavors in packs of four. (in case they get, uhh, torn to shreds somehow)? rumor has it that the manager models this stuff on monday afternoons. now there's a reason to get the christmas shopping done early and often...
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2007,11/30/2007,0,0,1,2,2>This is a darn expensive restaurant, and yeah, the food is excellent. Plus, it's located in the posh Hotel Monaco, which makes for a nice and fancy dining experience. I recommend sitting at the bar just to watch the bartenders and waiters on their drink tray presentation. Oh, and get the pizza with prosciutto and balsamic reduction. Yum!
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,11/29/2007,164,541,2,1,3>They didn't have the book I wanted but they have all the other books in the world.  B&N go to hell!
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2007,11/28/2007,17,80,8,2,5>This is a hard place to rate.  If you are looking to get a totally strange experience, by all means you will get it in spades at Celebrity Vintage Clothing & Costumes.First, the dude who runs it is an older gay man with a gray mullet and 80's stash; oh and he is TOTALLY CRAZY!The store is full of costume jewelry, gas masks, pimp hats and small cut out pictures of old glamorous stars.  It smells of cat, and there are four or five of them running around and rubbing themselves against the fake bombs that are propped against shelves.You should find some sweet vintage stuff here, and it is moderately priced.  But what really struck me was Rodger, the owner.  He, how can I start this....HE THINKS HE IS HUMAN KIND'S LAST CHANCE! Apparently we will go extinct in 2012 unless we all listen to him. This is true, he says, because a tree in Idaho Springs says so. He believes he is the 2007 Christ.  He came to tell me this after explaining that the whole store is one of 8 that he will be opening in the name of wonderful stars....this one is for Stevie Nicks.  He can't wait until she visits.  Well, that is not happening and, I am willing to bet is the end of the earth isn't looming either.  This place is a kick, make sure you are ready for the strangeness.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,11/27/2007,18,152,,5,>Great Muni type golf course. Unlike a lot of local Muni types, this course has some elevation change. The course reminds me of a lot of the older Mid Western golf course, especially the first hole, while standing there the entire panorama is there before you, the mountians, the course, it is a wonderful sight. Old clubhouse with limited facilities but that is OK as I was there for the course. Greens are typical Muni type, small mostly round with some conture and some in better shape than others. A fun course with a good variety of holes. Pace of play  is good, everyone seems to move right along. Gentleman in the pro shop C.J. is most helpful and seems to know most of the regulars. Also great value for your golfing dollar. M-F only $23-27 to walk, $15 for seniors.  I will be back.
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2007,11/26/2007,476,701,2,6,2>This is as close to decent mariscos (yeah, seafood gringo. That is their specialty.) that I've found in the way west area of Denver. Their Filete de Empanizado is pretty good. They make a very good bowl of menudo and if you like Horchata it comes in a quart size glass and refills are free. Mexicanos abound here so if you're light (read "white") in your sense of taste, stick with your Chipotles and Qdobas. The carnitas are tasty and enough for two and I can't stop eating the chips and salsa even after I've over ate whatever I ordered.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2007,11/25/2007,42,44,2,2,3>Almost everyone I know likes to dis on La Loma, but it's one of my favorite Mexican places. The dining rooms are large and comfortable, the staff is nice, and the margaritas will kick your ass (when you order a large, you get a LARGE!). But the thing I really love about La Loma is the green chili.  I like the thicker, non-chunky style of green chili, which is what La Loma serves. It just tastes so damn delicious - you can tell that a main ingredient is lard, and who doesn't love lard? I always get Grandma's Chili Plate, which is chili, beans, rice, and tortillas. I love it. The tortillas are made in-house, and they're so thick and nice. The chimis are really tasty and crispy as well. Sometimes I just stop by and get a pint of chili and some tortillas to-go so that I can gorge in the privacy of my own home, where no one can see the spectacle of me frantically shoveling green chili into my pie-hole as fast as humanly possible. Mmmmmmm.
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,11/24/2007,13,45,,3,2>I took my friend here for her birthday, and it was better than perfect.  Neither of us eat meat, so I almost chose somewhere else, but the menu had a lot of salads and a lot of seafood as well.  I went in before dinner to drop off flowers, and the Matre'd, took note that It was my friend's birthday- got us a table right in front of the flamenco guitarist, despite that they were pretty booked.  We got there, and the ambiance was beautiful, very warm, inviting.  They had my flowers on the table ready.  What I was not expecting was the ardent attention they gave.  The owner (I think his name was Frances) stopped by our table frequently to talk to her, as did Victor, the Matre'd.  Our server was really nice, and she kept it real when we asked which dishes she liked.  I got shrimp, my friend got ravioli, both were absolutely delicious.  We were impressed how good the food was.  They made her a great flambed liqueur drink right at our table.  That was cool to watch.  Anyway, as we finished up, the guitarist did as well, and he also came over to our table to talk.  The whole evening there was pretty much awesome.   The tab for two people - 4 glasses of wine, appetizer, two dishes, and one dessert ran about $110 (that includes tip for the server and Matre'd).  But you could totally spend less here, the prices are decently varied.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2007,11/23/2007,41,234,7,5,2>I really love the furniture in this store. I've tried to get a job there as a furniture model (you know, making the beds look that much more comfy by having someone asleep in them) but they weren't interested. Clearly they don't have a very forward-thinking marketing team.Their furniture is sleek, clean-lined, modern, fun and functional. Their prices are generally pretty expensive... I believe in spending 100% of the money on a quality item that will last rather than spending 50% of the money on a piece that will fall apart and look shabby within a year or two.... so my house is still only partly furnished.I had to take away a star for taking 4 months to get me my bar stools, and not keeping me updated on the later and later ETA. We finally got a call from a customer service manager who cared about our business; she apologized profusely for the bad experience and gave us free delivery and 10% off our order. That was nice and made me feel better, so I'll probably give them a second chance next time I have money to burn on furniture. Maybe they can earn that 5th star back. =)
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/12/2007,11/22/2007,68,18,11,6,7>I don't care about pre-built or build-your-own or Daniel Libeskind-inspired salads.  I like booze.MAD Wine Bar, which shares the Denver Art Museum Residences building with Novo Coffee (review in the works) and MAD Greens, is great consolation for that lackluster Louvre exhibit to which you may have had to escort your Francophillic Amelie-watching girlfriend.Or your pretentiously artsy hipster boyfriend.Can't we all just down a $75 dollar bottle of Chateauneuf-du-Pape and quit pretending we really get Rothko?Yeah, yeah, Rothko was Latvian and wasn't featured in the Louvre exhibit but wouldn't it be nice to criticize my art-ignorance over a few slabs of Ossau-Iraty cheese and a dryish Colorado Gevurtz?DAM right it would.My only gripe with this place is that it is dramatically under-appreciated.  Rarely is there staff because, you guessed it, rarely are there patrons.  Often, one must walk to the other end of the "photoshopped veggies"-decorated space to solicit a MAD Greens worker to pour your poison.  God help you if you have questions about the terroir.Oddly, no joyous pirouetting girlfriends or tightpantsed boyfriends are ever present.  The majority of my fellow imbibers are old folks on an 'artful excursion' and in need of their 'house Chard,' or randoms craving a 90 Shilling beer with their 'Don Quixote Salad' and 'Inspired Panini.'Thursday nights, however, are a strange exception.  The clientele sheds its grey and thinning locks for.... dred locks!  Open Mic Night!  Weird cats with guitars and strange people abound.  A cute girl tends bar and seems to really want to talk about wine and art as opposed to the most recent Tom Petty album.  Everyone claps and smokes cigarettes on the patio.I clap and smoke as well, sadly not for the open-mic-nighters, but in honor of getting a buzz in blurred eyesight of van Bruggen & Oldenburg's 'Big Sweep'.
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,11/20/2007,7,23,1,2,5>I love this place.  The first time I was here was with some denver cops when I was on a ride-a-long in the early 90's.  Half way through the meal, a newlywed couple pulled up in a limo and demanded free drinks at the bar, which were refused.  Years later I saw this place on a list of bars that Tom Waits would visit or had visited, so I had to go back after a 6 year stint in the service.   Strange happenings here for sure.  That's why I visit, not so much for the food.  I am tempted to tell stories, but doing so may implicate myself and others
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2007,11/19/2007,16,34,3,4,4>This was a great and intimate place to see a show.  The first week I moved here I ended up at the Glen Phillips show there and it was amazing.  Besides the fact that Glen Phillips is amazing, it was such a nice place to watch and listen to him.  The bartenders were great and remembered my drink after only 1 trip to the bar.  The energy there is great and I look forward to another excuse to return.
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2007,11/18/2007,70,23,2,5,5>You love this bar simply because it is your closest watering hole.  You are a bi-monthly regular and the bartender calls you bud.  Moody as he may be, Patrick is your favorite downtown bartending distraction.  Not only is he easy on the eyes but he use to do all sorts of magic tricks back in the days when the bar was less bustling.  That is when he won you over.  You have seen plenty a beauty get bold and ask him out which he paws off every time with a light rejection.  You like his self-assured singledome.As for the bar, it's an arm chair traveler's hotel bar.  Not such a local scene but a great place to meet a multitude of conventioneers.  If you like eclectic conversation this is the place to get a more worldly view. The bar is small and comforting, just short of pretentious.  High top tables dot the interior with room for four. Decked out in retro decor the swiveling bar chairs is your preferred location. You always order the Manage a Trios, guaranteed to evoke hushed giggles from the guys with their minds in the gutter.  The smooth sweet body, the deep red tannins, and the seven dollar price tag has landed this sexy label into the," I'll have my usual category."  You even feel sexy and sensual when taking deep sips of this luscious liquid.You come for the wine.  You come to unwind.  You come for the company.  Harry's is your Cheers and everybody does know your name; that is after Patrick makes his usual bar patron introductions.  You can sit for hours having disjointed conversations and discussing the intestacies of the bar crowd with Patrick.  A secret or intimacy doesn't slide by a seasoned bartender, even when they look to be preoccupied.  Then after a glass or two you feel calm and retreat home throwing a slight smile at the, "Ciao Baby," welded to the backside of the door.  Another night, Ciao Baby.
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,11/17/2007,126,449,,2,3>I must admit, I steer clear of Rio's on the weekends.  I'm not into the bar scene where I have to try and take up as much room as possible or get trampled.  And right now, I'd stay away from the Rio's patio.  There's construction on Blake street right in front of the place.  Now let's get down to business.  The food is average.  They claim the freshest ingredients and top notch sauces and whatnot, but I don't see the difference between their black beans and canned black beans.  It's edible food, but it's also stuff I could make at home.  And the real test of a Mexican restaurant:  Margaritas.  They're spot-on.  I'm not even a big tequila fan (I make "that face" when I drink tequila) but I ordered a margarita thinking it'd be sacrilege not to, after reading all these other reviews.  I wasn't disappointed.  I first noticed that they're not bright green like almost every other margarita I've had... they're a mellow tan color.  And they're yummy.   And potent.  We did not abide by the three-drink limit, though.  How rebellious.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2007,11/16/2007,37,57,,11,3>I'm basically what you could call a somewhat reformed car-nut.  In the past I've owned up to three cars at a time, done everything from clutch swaps to engine work to major performance tuning type work, and even raced cars for awhile.   Eventually I decided that particular hobby was taking-up way too much time and money in my life, not to mention I didn't find that I had much in common with other car-obsessed humans.That said, I've always found it hard to trust other people to clean my cars (yeah, I still have 2 :( ).  I have enough detailing equipment and high quality polish that detailers would be impressed.   However, I'm lazy as hell and hate to spend what little free-time I have cleaning things.  Not to mention I'm quite slow at it.This is where Octopus comes-in-- I usually spend around $20 there a few times a year and my car gets WORKED.   It's ran through the car wash twice, vacuumed twice, and gets rubbed town by a team of hard working cleaning machines.  If you get there within 45 minutes or so of closing, you're sure to get someone who only wants to clean one more car for the day and your car will be super clean by the time you leave.  I still prefer to do detailing myself once a year or so, but for the money Octopus can't be beat.   It's quite a bit out of my way to get my car washed here, but it's worth the trip to me.  I've used other popular car washes in the area (The Wave, and Waterway) and found them to be much more expensive, and the workers to be much more lazy.One star deducted because I know I trust my detailing skills on my own car over most other people, but otherwise I have no hesitations about recommending them to get your car super clean.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2007,11/15/2007,140,422,,3,1>Wow! One of the highlights of our week in the Denver area. We went there for lunch around 1:30 PM on a weekday. We had no trouble getting seated inside (it was a hot day in Denver). There is also an outdoor patio for dining, behind the restaurant. The dining room is really warm and friendly, with faux doors and windows adorning the walls and hanging from the ceiling, a country cupboard, and a general country or folk design. We had, among other things, the Catfish Po'Boy, vegetable and beef soup, and Mediterranean Chicken Panini. Their dark-roast coffee was excellent, and strong. My wife and I shared a blueberry tart. It was amazing. My daughter had the apple and brie sandwich, which she was much surprised to learn that she loved. She had a doughnut, also found that to be an excellent and rich dessert. Service was excellent.Thanks to other Yelp reviewers for recommending this restaurant, and the tarts. If we had left without the tart, our lives would have been much diminished as a result.We had to find parking two blocks off Gaylord, but it was a pleasant walk.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2007,11/14/2007,63,116,2,5,3>Wanna be swank?  Take your lady or man to the Wash Park Grill for Happy Hour (M-F 4-6:30) if you want to feel like Natalie Portman.1/2 price fancy appetizers and deliciously-cheap drinks ($3 house wines / $2 draft beers & well drinks) await at the WPG.  Highlights on the appetizer list include tuna tar tare (for just 6 bucks!), baked lobster macaroni and cheese ($5.50) & Lump Crab Cake ($6). Someone call the police cause the Wash Park Grille just stole my taste buds...so why am I smiling?It's dark and romantic and crowded.  Just go
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2007,11/13/2007,23,67,,7,3>Food was good but was it worth the price?Ate here last night with my GF and frankly, I didn't think the food was anything to write home about.  It was tasty, yes, but I can get tasty at a lot of places.  I wanted something to knock my socks off!The calamari app was good.  I enjoyed this dish.  The yogurt soup was pretty good too, server cold obviously.  You get a soup (the other was a bean stew) with the entree.  The bean stew was a little spicy but ok.  My main dish was Xim Xim which was prawns and chicken over rice in a sauce with peppers and stuff.  I feel like I could have made this myself...except for a few spices.The decor of the place is weird.  Its all open, not really romantic of anything.  There are masks and pictures on the walls that have an African look to them.  The service was good in certain areas...for example, getting your water filled.  Top notch job there.  However, when I sat there for a while, obviously done eating, waiting for someone to address my needs I saw 3 people move around the place setting tables.  It was close to 10pm and no one was coming in.  Worry about the people there, not the people yet to come.  Overall, I'd say check it out if you are curious.  It is expensive, imo.  An app, 2 entrees and 2 drinks cost my $69 plus tip.   I would have rather spent that money elsewhere...like chucky cheese or something.  They at least have games to play!Oh, make sure you have a reservation if you want to eat there before 9...they apparently cater to that crowd.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2007,11/12/2007,8,23,1,6,1>My family likes this place.  Drinks are good.  Fun for dinner then play around in the arcade.i always eat the Honey Mustard Spinach salad, it has strips of chicken breast.  Very good.  It is my favorite salad.  The plate is huge, and price is good...about $8, My son eats the burgers, which he always enjoys...hubby eats steak with potatoes...i steal his potatoes, one bite at a time, haha....as he is always stealing or trying to steal my salad....i'm quicker than he is.. :)
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,11/11/2007,79,146,1,3,1>My only complaint is that I always spend too much money when I go there!!  Their sales are phenomenal (I got some leather Keens for $35!)  They have anything you could possibly want for most activities people do in Colorado (except skateboard, but hey!  that's what TS is for) and the people know what they are talking about.  Also, they really stand by what they sell. Even better, my kids love to go because they can be hands on with the climbing wall and all the other cool stuff.  Not only is the store kid friendly so are the staff. The last part that I love about this REI is that they are on the bike path so we can ride on down, get some exercise and have a little shopping fun when we get there.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,11/8/2007,10,156,,3,1>This is my favorite airport in the world! When I used to live in Salt Lake City, I often had the choice of having a lay-over in either Denver or Chicago, and my choice was always Denver.Denver is clean, spacious, and yet not too noisy. There are moving walkways to get you through long stretches, and lots of good eats. Plus, every lay-over I've ever had there has arrived and departed out of the same massive terminal, so there's no terminal-hopping.Even though they have harsh winters, I cannot recall ever being stuck in Denver. Plus, I have never experienced lots of turbulence getting in or out of the town.I also love their bathrooms. The stall doors go all the way to the floor, so you can temporarily feel totally cutoff from the world, which is a nice feeling during a hideously long traveling day of being smushed up against total strangers for twelve hours.I've never flown into Denver to actually go TO Denver, but from what I hear, there is a bit of a lengthy drive involved. Apparently there was a scandal with the then-governor giving the new airport contract to some developer cronies who put it in the middle of nowhere instead of closer to the city where land would have been pricier.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,11/7/2007,64,152,1,4,3>If you are in the habit of driving south on Federal to Hwy 36, I guarantee you wouldn't consider stopping here... Why is this? Simple. It's a drive-thru coffee hut in the midst of what looks like it used to be a gas station, before the gas station was abandoned and left for dead. The banner across the main gas-station building says they serve ice cream inside, which they very well may. But, to be honest, I've only ever stopped at the drive-thru when I was about to get on the freeway, no time for chit-chat, thankyouverymuch...The dude working the booth is super nice, not over-nice, like a spastic morning person looking for a new morning friend, but laid back and nice.  He greets you warmly, takes your order, gives you your coffee drink, and wishes you well as you head out on your way, sufficiently caffeinated before you hit the road.Thank you, Espresso Lane Guy!
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,11/6/2007,246,624,,3,3>if there was a bar in denver that was the "cheers" bar..."where everyone knows your name", then this is the place.and that's a good thing.the people here are really cool.  the vibe of the place is really cool, too.  there's the main bar, a room for music, a pool room, a cool back patio, and an upstairs to just sit and relax.and there's  a bar dog.  he definitely has an owner, but he was just hanging out in the middle of the bar.  and he didn't hump anyone's legs.  nor did any of the patrons.  any bar with the absence of douchebags attempting to hump people's legs is a-ok in my book.that's just freaking sweet.friendly people, friendly atmosphere, and cool music.  snap, crackle, AND pop.
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2007,11/5/2007,121,310,,3,2>This is an awesome bar.  It made me wish I could shrink it, put it in my pocket, and bring it back to Boston with me, because there's nothing really like it there.  Such a chill yet hip atmosphere, minus the hipsters (which probably is what allows it to be chill).  Lots of glam decor, dark but not divey, good beer selection...Our waitress and the bartender were both really really nice.  We had had a plan to bar hop but just kept ordering more drinks here and ended up camping out for the night.  Yay Gabor's!
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2007,11/4/2007,145,53,2,12,9>I have been dining at the Lookin' Good Restaurant for years, and I have never had a bad dining experience.  The restaurant is family owned and very service oriented.  They take great pride in offering a great product with great service and maintaining you as a loyal repeat customer.  With a mix of America, Mexican and Greek cuisines, you never get bored with the menu, especially when you take into consideration the great specials that they offer.Lookin' Good has a great lounge, ample amounts of parking and seating, so a wait is never long, if there even is a wait at all. You have nothing to lose dining at Lookin' Good, but you have everything to gain... a full stomach and a new regular place to eat
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2007,11/3/2007,24,44,5,8,8>I had to try this place after hearing about the yelp party and reading all the reviews.  It was awesome.  The service we had was quick and friendly, which you wouldn't expect from the ultra hipster crowd of workers.  So many times I have gone places like this and had horrible service, so I was pleasantly suprised.  The bathroom thing freaked me out at first, but I got over it quick when a hottie, I mean total hottie guy came in.  Suddenly I had massive appreciation for such a situation.We probably had too many mimosas but sometimes that needs to happen.  I was impressed by their version of french toast and felt like I was going to explode when I left.  There were so many things on the menu that I want to return to try.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2007,11/2/2007,90,98,,6,3>This is one of the coziest spaces that denver dining has to offer.  It's a perfect place to meet with a few friends or a date - intimate, good wine that's hard to find anywhere else, and great service.  The food isn't phenomenal, but always good.  The menu changes seasonally so there is always something new to try.  Oh yeah, did I mention that every Tuesday all wine bottles are half off???  Rockin'...
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2007,11/1/2007,33,55,,5,3>Play Coed is a great community sports league group in here Denver.  The people who run it are all sweetest nicest people and the sports you can play are the coolest: soccer, lacrosse, kickball and if-you-can-dodge-a-car-you-can-dodge-a-ball dodge ball.Plus, if you're a member (or pretend to be), every first Wednesday of the month, Play Coed and Wahoo's Fish Tacos team up for happy hour provide free drinks (um yes, beer!) and free food at any Wahoo's location.  At the 20th and Grant location, they even give away free tickets to any KSE (Kroenke Sports Enterprises, for all you non-acronym geeks like me out there) sports game, i.e. if you wanna go to a Rapids, Nuggets, Mammoth, or Crush game for free, get your tight and toned butt (from all that kickball you've been playing) down to Wahoo Wednesdays!
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,10/31/2007,140,191,23,12,4>Please don't read this review. I am only writing it to complete my list. Maybe I suffer from OCD, I just can't not include my only five-star thrift store. But I would really rather keep this place all to myself. If you all go and buy all the cool stuff there'll be nothing left for me. And I am selfish when it comes to used plates that can be acquired for 50 cents a piece. Terribly selfish and rude. So I would prefer not to tell you that this store is beautiful and organized and has the hands-down biggest selection of plates and bowls and cups than any other store on the east side of town. Instead, I will focus on the negative, which is a highly confusing entrance to an always-crammed parking lot. It's really a pain to negotiate. It's almost like the Cherry Creek Whole Foods parking lot, people can get a bit competitive looking for spots, watch out. It's so scary and terrible. Really, I could almost say that you, dear reader, shouldn't go. It might be dangerous. Yes, you really ought to stay home.
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2007,10/30/2007,41,245,2,5,4>Midnights! Midnights! Midnights! I don't even know what plays here during the day time, but it's probably not as fun as seeing Ghostbusters at midnight and making fun of the kid dressed like Draco Malfoy, then being bummed when he got to drive off in a totally cool hearse with a flamethrower on top and I just had my Ford Focus.Midnights at the Esquire- hosted by an enigmatic and bug-eyed character known as The Matt (myspace.com/esquiremidni ), are like going to Rocky Horror without having to sit through Rocky Horror or deal with the people who go to Rocky Horror. The crowd is energetic and excited, and The Matt's announcements of upcoming midnights are always greeted with cheers. I think he could make up movie names and descriptions and he'd still get applause. Plus, random surprise performances by goofy local bands sometimes happen before the show- when I saw Ghostbusters,  a AC/DC cover band with a lead singer no more than twelve years old played. The band sucked, but man can that prepubescent kid grind out a good Dirty Deeds!Cult classics like Clockwork Orange, Evil Dead, and Pulp Fiction tend to show up at least once a year. In between the better known flicks, you might find Japanese softcore quasi-political porn, cartoons from the 1970's, or campy horror- sometimes a combination of all three. The crowd is always full of kooky Denver characters, from overweight, balding middle aged men who probably saw the film showing at its original opening, to 15 year olds dressed like call girls, to the coolest of the Denver nerds.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,10/29/2007,11,20,,3,>Though a food snob, I am not normally a big fan of traditional French food, so I was a little wary of visiting Le Central.  However, I was very plesantly surprised that most dishes were French inspired and unique, not just your typical bistro dishes.  Everything I tried was very tasty, had delicious rich sauces (thats where the French influence is heavily seen) and was cooked perfectly.  I also happened to be there on Wednesday, which is crepe night!  Yum, we had delicious nutella crepes.  There are also wine nights, souffle nights, classes, iron chef competitions, etc.   Le Central really tries to mix it up and entertain the diner.  Best of all, prices were really reasonable, service was wonderful, and the atmosphere cute!  Definately start exploring French food here if you haven't tried it before!!
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2007,10/27/2007,51,192,,,2>After driving 2 plus hours from Grand Lake after a bad night of sleep in high altitude, getting lost in downtown Denver to look for Curtis St./14th street, unwittingly parking in between two frozen pet food trucks that smelled like rotting carcasses to look for directions,  getting snappy at each other due to fatigue and hunger, grabbing a quick bite to eat just to have the waitress disregard my concern to avoid dairy, rushing to return the rental car in 15 minutes, being given wrong directions twice while carrying heavy 40 liter backpacks in hot heat, walking into Curtis Hotel felt like reaching the top of Mount Everest. I couldn't find the right words to respond to the friendly hotel staff's chit chat because I honestly was about to collapse. We got the Bigger than Better Deal room for 109 dollars (excluding tax) on the fifth floor (one hit wonder theme, the elevator sang "Ice, ice, Baby" when it reached our floor) thanks to the great internet deal offered to those who book more than 15 days ahead. The room was described by us as wide-eyed "WOAH!" Nathan muttered, "This feels like heaven" in his delirious, sleep-deprived state. What is there not to love? Large king size bed, crisp white sheets (though obviously not high thread count), delicious smelling blood orange scented bath products, granite counter bathroom, see through shower, free wifi, working AC, neat photos on the wall, modern furnitures and an MP3 stereo (albeit its small size, it works). I can't help but congratulate myself on my wise choice, as if I've picked out all the furnishings myself. So far, aside from the slightly thin walls and the awkwardly designed Curtis street (not the hotel's fault), I have nothing to complain about. All the shops and stores are within walking distance. The vegan restaurant I'm dying to try is less than two miles away. I'm sure we'll have a good night at the Curtis Hotel before catching the California Zephyr back home tomorrow morning.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,10/25/2007,5000,2823,,6,3>My friend and I finally got to hit up the Cheeky Monk aka Cheeky Monkey inside joke.  The bartender was fabulous.  She was very knowledgeable of all the beers and a great server.  We sat at the bar because that is what we do for Saturday Brunch.  Tried a few beers on tap and indulged on a couple Sausage and Cheese Platters, the Waterzooi (AMAZING) a Belgian Style Seafood Chowder and the Croque Madame with the lovliest crisps or fries.  The menu has a suggested beer pairing for each item and they have a different glassware for each beer on tap.  Quite spectacular.  The staff is super friendly and they get overly crowded on Friday and Saturday nights but are super mellow during lunch on the weekend.  So if you want to treat yourself to some unique comfort food, I would recommend the Cheeky Monk. The restaurant itself had a huge layout and great space.  I just wished they had more going on their walls.  A bit more decor wouldn't hurt.
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2007,10/23/2007,98,300,,3,3>Lime has a great happy hour.  Really.  $3 margaritas and well drinks (but who isn't going to have a margarita really?)  As a visitor to Denver, I was skeptical of such cheap cocktails.  But let me say, those margaritas were GOOD!  Plus, our server brought us free tequila shots served in hollowed out limes to go with our margaritas.  Um, yes, I'd like some free tequila.The space was really neat - trendy indoors, with this adorable outdoor patio area.  We got there early enough to sit outside and enjoy the afternoon.Ao, another round of margaritas and we ordered some appetizers.  The guac was ok, but I think I'm spoiled by the "make-it-in-front-of-you" concept.  The chips and salsa were really good.  That salsa was spicy and flavorful.  The southwest eggrolls were YUMMY!  I loved that you basically got your beans, rice, and other goodies all wrapped up in eggroll fashion, with a spicy sauce.The dinner menu basically had what every other mexican restaurant has, but we decided to stick with the $3 margaritas. (Yeah, it was a good night.)
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2007,10/22/2007,25,74,1,4,3>Forget the spotty service and the constant waiting for the waiter to surface.Forget about the lack of parking in LoDo.Forget about the over-done, uber-trendy, dark and loud atmosphere.This place gets 5 stars because the food is THAT good.At first, I was attracted to the general concept of it... to me, a good sauce can make a good dish a sensational dish, and to have the option of three good sauces?  How can you go wrong?What astounded me, though, was that the food was so well prepared ON ITS OWN, that you don't even need to use the sauces to have the "WoW" receptors in your brain firing on all cylinders.  The grilled salmon and the grilled pork tenderloin were cooked to perfection.  Honestly, the sauces at times took away from the mouth-watering quality of the meats.What puts this restaurant over the top, as probably the best tasting meal I've had in Denver, is the incredible dark chocolate boca negra dessert cake, served with white chocolate bourbon ganache.  Trust me, you'll be dreaming about it for days.
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2007,10/21/2007,15,75,3,2,1>For someone who has never tried ethopian food, this resturaunt can be a bit unnerving.  You enter and the "waiting room" to find that you are basically sitting in the kitchen.  There is a table, white wall, white floors, and a strange atmosphere.  The wait can be long.  Very long.  You might be thinking you should send your date to get some take out, because god only knows what is on the other side of the wall separating you from the dining room.  And then the wait is over, and you are led into a room that is jam packed with people, loving every bite of the food they (presumably) waited just as long for.  The dining room is obviously where the owners decided to focus their decorating budget, so it is a relieving site after the Long Wait.  Unfortunatley, with the place being so popular and crowded, this means a long wait for food.  And once again, just as you are flipping coins with your date to see who smuggles in the Popeyes, food appears.  This is an unfortunate time to discover that you do not like Ethiopian food.  The bread is very sour, but it's supposed to be that way.  And judging from the satisfied look on the other diner's faces, the food here is very good.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,10/20/2007,35,308,,5,4>I have no reservations since I'm in town at the last minute for work so even when I called ahead for a table for one on a Saturday night, they can't seat me before 9pm, but they tell me I'm free to dine in the bar. Not the optimal dining experience, but why not? I'm so glad I went for it.The food was amazing. First the bread, by which most Italian resturant standards should be measured (alongside gnocchi and lasagna). Crusty and warm and far from doughy. Perfect. For an appetizer I ordered the Polenta "Piazza San Marco." The waitress warned me that it might be large for one person, but I decided that I had to try it. It sounded too good. A bowl of mussels, clams, shrimp, scallops, and grilled calamari in a balsamic broth topped with a cake of grilled polenta....it was soooo good. And while it appeared large, once you remove the fish from their shells, all of a sudden the dish is much smaller in size. I skipped on the scallops and a few of the shrimp since I wanted to enjoy my dinner too. I'll admit I was apprehensive about ordering shellfish in the middle of the landlocked Rocky Mountains, but the waitress said that all seafood is flown in daily straight from the fish markets in Seattle. It was a hard sell to someone who lives in New England (where you can practically catch your own dinner), but the dish sounded too yummy to turn down. I'm glad I didn't.For dinner I had the Ravioli all Norma. Handmade raviolis filled with a mixture of eggplant, ricotta, and romano cheese topped with a light marinara sauce. Mmmm..... I was afraid that the ricotta might be too heavy after the polenta and shellfish, but the eggplant is kinda of pureed into it which really lightens the filling.My waitress was super nice. The bar was way cool. The wall behind the bar is all glass so you can see into the wine vault, which is made up of all glass walls and shelves. The bar is lit from underneath so everything glows. Very cool. And the bathrooms sinks are as cool as the previous reviewer led on....but I don't want to spoil the surprise, so check them out for yourself. If I could take a half star away for the cheesy Venice mural that adorns the bar area and the Olive Garden-type music (Andrea Bocelli's Greatest Hits), I would but the food and service was too good to deny the full 5 stars.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2007,10/19/2007,135,262,,4,3>The other reviewers laid it out pretty well so I won't be redundant. But I do have to mention the giraffe exhibit. It's great. I live in San Diego so we only have a large outdoor giraffe exhibit where they're kind of far away. But in Denver, you can walk through an indoor exhibit and see them really up close. It's amazing how huge they are. But at the same time, I'm a really tall guy so I can appreciate food and water dishes 15 feet in the air. I hate bending down too! The lion and tiger exhibits are pretty impressive too. It seems that the animals are stimulated by changing surroundings instead of getting bored and pacing like a lot of zoo animals do. :(You could see the whole zoo in under 2 hours. It's fairly small but it packs in a lot.
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2007,10/18/2007,43,148,2,3,4>Lots of MEAT on a stick!  I came here with 4 co-workers while at a conference in Denver.  It was nice to have a fixed price (all you can eat salad bar and meat) with a group.  Come here if you want something that is a little different from your typical dining experiences.  It was almost like a Brazilian version of dim sum.Of course the meat was yummy - the sausage and pork were my favorites - but let's not forget the tasty little appetizers that come out right at the start too.  There was something akin to a "cheese wonton" that was rather addictive.  Also, the night that we were  there, the watermelon at the salad bar was AMAZING.  I know, I know.  Who goes to a Brazilian BBQ for the watermelon?  I dunno.  But it was good stuff.Dessert is very tempting with that giant cart that they push around throughout the restaurant.  We went for the chocolate cake with sprinkles and it was not as good as it looked.  I say, stuff yourself silly with the delicious meats and then roll yourself home.
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2007,10/17/2007,46,35,,5,4>This place is awesome and my husband and I go here regularly, being that it is practically right across the street from our house.  Those who tried it earlier in the year: I beg of you to give the place another chance.  They've been under new management since early June and it was a much needed change, I'll agree.  The chef is from Dallas and although they don't have "tex-mex" which is also my favorite type of Mexican food, they do have very authentic tasting southwestern cuisine.  Yum.Other pluses:  The patio's are awesome and come complete with fireplaces and chimania's (sp?).  The bartender, Dave is very friendly and serves awesome drinks.  Strike up a conversation with him sometime...  He educates us on something or another every time we're in there.  The taco bar is also quite spectacular and is free if you buy at least two drinks.  The happy hour prices are great.  Oh, and did I mention it's like right across the street from my house?  Yippee!!
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2007,10/16/2007,11,37,5,5,4>A spicy religious experience is how I would describe one of my visits to J's Noodles. A friend and I had the bright idea to test the limits of J's spiciness. First we ordered the Drunken Noodle which in of itself is spicy. If you didn't know you can request extra spicy. The man behind the counter just looked at us and asked "are you sure". Confidently we said "oh yes". We ordered some Tsingtao beer and waited for our meal. They carried out our plates and from the kitchen we could see the cooks peeking their heads out giving a big smile.  J's also brings out a tray of several other spices that you can add yourself. Without trying our meal we added some of each of the spices. I can take a lot of spice but this is more than I have ever had before. We both were eating our Drunken Noodle without stopping. It became so hot that we were both laughing out loud. I think the rest of the patrons were thinking we were nuts. And maybe we were. It felt like I was in another reality. We both ate everything and continued to stay in a spicy bliss for twenty minutes after we left.  I will never forget it. I have had drunken noodle there many, many times but I have never tried to do that again althoe I recommend trying it at least once hehe.  You may receive a vision who knows.The seating is limited and the parking lot is small but it is completely worth it to have some of this true spicy Thai food. Be careful, when you get your meal spicy hot it will be true spicy hot.
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2007,10/15/2007,14,43,11,10,12>Ok, It's kind of embarrassing for a guy like me to admit I bought a costume for my dog, but I did.  He's a little dachshund and he really does get cold...especially on Halloween, so he's going to be a lion.Anyway, Dog Savvy is one of the best stores for dogs I have been in.  For the longest time there was no where downtown to get anything you need for dogs and get them cleaned.  They pretty much do it all.They gave him a bath and then talked me into the outfit.  They have lots of other things there too, in fact, the most selection Ive seen in denver.they also sell the food I have been feeding him.  And, the owner is pretty hot if you like Angelina Jolie lookalikes, and who doesn't?Actually the entire staff was knowlegable and friendly.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,10/14/2007,190,159,5,5,7>The problem with hanging out with fellow Yelpers is that somebody always gets scooped! Yes, Jessica B, Kevin B and I hit the Grill, big-time. The chicken shewarma is the best I've ever encountered, soft and tender with delightfully intense flavors. You'd have to be an asshole not to like this. Or a vegetarian.Rather than rehash, I will add this: as with any splendiferous restaurant situated in the bare drabness of your typical strip mall, Ali Baba's Grill is a pearl in the oyster ... a purplish-pink pearl.
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2007,10/13/2007,36,228,,4,2>We arrived in Denver after a week on a train, and we headed to a laundromat. It was there we saw Potager across the street and decided it'd be a good place to have dinner.Strangely, everything here, from apps to wine and bread, was incredible, but our entrees were not. The roast chicken was overcooked and my slow-roasted pork didn't seem to have a lot of flavor.Service was perfect, even on a busy Friday night. And my starter, a simple vegetable salad, blew me away. I'm not really a wine drinker, but their suggested wine pairing for my entree (2003 Savannah-Chanelle Syrah) is a new favorite for me.I actually thought the portions were pretty big, but I'm used to prissy San Francisco dining. In fact, the hip decor and prompt, casual service would've fit in perfectly in SF. It's just such a shame the flavors of the meat entrees didn't match the excellence of the other aspects of the restaurant.
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2007,10/12/2007,540,313,31,4,14>I Wanna Veg You UpHey, beautiful vegan, I need you tonightLovely, lovely, veganI wanna make you feel protein, yeahI can't eat meat, babyI wanna love you downYour are so fine, babyAll I wanna do isI wanna bean you downI want to veg you upAt Watercourse (vegan you make me feel so hippie)I want to (Let me rub your veggies in some olive oil) and veg you upSay do you feel hungry girlLet me turn down the carnivore lightSo I can hold you in the natural and clean darknessOoh, baby, let's order tofu tonightYeah, dig, broccoli on the side feel so right babyWhey protein I love you downPlease be my wife, organic sugarCause all I wanna do isI wanna bean you downI want to veg you upAt Watercourse (vegan you make me feel so hippie)I want to (Let me rub your veggies in some olive oil) and veg you upHippie girl you just make feel so healthyI just wanna... I just wannaJust lay back, and enjoy the clean arteriesAll I wanna do isI wanna bean you downI want to veg you upAt Watercourse (vegan you make me feel so hippie)I want to (Let me rub your veggies in some olive oil) and veg you upThe hipster waiters will help me make vegan lovin' to you all nightFeels so right with soy sauce it can't be wrongDon't be lactose my vegan, its only soy milk on meOpen up your yogi eyes and I'll set your spinach and bok choy freeI want to touch your cauliflower In the right places, veganI want to make veg with youAt Watercourse, at night... Or at brunch, brunch is good too* Star one for vegin' me up** Sneaky sneak star two is for buffalo wings without the chicken*** Well aren't you hip star three was for the snazzy dressed wait staff**** Where are we again star four was for a great layout and decor, which reminded me of NYC***** Puffy puff star five is for the beans, tofu, and raisins on my salad, now I am not smelling so pretty, but sure feel healthy!
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,10/10/2007,23,27,6,2,5>Without sounding like a lush, here is what I love about Argonaut: Sometimes I stumble across the street from Dulcineas after a show that didn't quite live up to the hype, and I walk past the cop guarding the doors and smile. I bet he thinks I'm sober. Probably not. Anyway, I go in and I'm thinking "get in, get out". I walk straight to the wine, pick out the first label I can actually make out with my un-sober glazed over eyes, and head straight for the register. But as I'm walking to pay for this beauty, through the aisles I notice something important. Everyone looks like me, like they are thinking the exact same thing at 11pm on this Friday night. They are thinking "Whoa. I'm really wasted but I need more booze cause it's not even midnight. I just need to get this bottle of wine, walk up the person at the register, pay for it, smile at the cop on my way out the door, walk home and listen to some sweet music." It's moments like this one, walking through Argonaut when you're completely oblivious to reality, where you stop and realize that strangers are really friends you haven't met yet, we're not so different afterall. Not that I want to meet a bunch of new people when I'm wasted at the liquor store and can't read straight, but weirder things have happened.
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2007,10/9/2007,13,10,2,5,2>By far my favorite sushi place in Denver -- but those four stars are for the food alone. Actually, I'd give them 4 and a half stars just for food if I could.What keeps them from the full five is, alas, the much-maligned service. I've never had a terrible experience there -- no orders went missing, we weren't heinously neglected -- but sometimes the staff can be a little rude and/or forgetful.One time our waitress dropped off our check before we were done eating. We'd had one round of sushi and were ready for more, but she plopped the bill on our table without even asking if we wanted more to eat or drink. Insulting? Yes.That's probably the worst that's ever happened to us, though, in about 10 visits. Sometimes things are just a little slow, other times it's perfect.Although I do have one more quibble: The guy who hosts there can be rather annoying with his insistence on reservations. He reminds us almost every time we see him that reservations are recommended.  If we know we're going to go to Sushi Sasa in advance, like for a special occasion, we make reservations with plenty of time to spare. Sometimes, though, we're just in the mood to pop in and see if there's a wait for a table. If there is we don't trouble them, because the place can get insane and waits can be super-long.Last week, we decided to stop by and see what the wait was like. It was busy, but we were immediately seated in the subdued downstairs lounge area. Our meal was fabulous, as always, and the service was just fine.On our way out the door, happy and sated, the host spoke up: "Thanks, guys, have a good evening!""Thanks. It was delicious as usual.""Next time, do remember that we take reservations, OK? Thanks."Bang: A great meal tainted with unnecessary attitude.What the heck? Yeah, WE KNOW you take reservations. You've told us this four or five times before. We get it. But sometimes -- like on a rainy Wednesday night -- the mood strikes for sushi and it's too late to make a reservation. We've probably spent close to $1,000 at the place since it opened two years ago. I love it. But if that guy chides me AGAIN about the reservations, I just might consider going elsewhere.
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2007,10/7/2007,57,107,2,7,4>I love me some pizza and this place truly knows how to serve it up right.  The menu is full of great options for pizza, but of course they also provide the option of personalizing your meal. The PBR on tap is like $3 a pitcher, which is unheard of where I live in California.  The pizza has just the right amount of cheese, toppings and the crust is thin but not too thin, just perfect!  The ambiance is sweet and very Colorado with snowboards on the walls and pictures of the mountains and skiing.
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,10/6/2007,30,49,2,8,8>I love hole-in-the-wall, no-frills places that serve one purpose, but do it well.  And I also love places that are stuck in time, and have been the same for decades.  And that is the beauty of Carbone's.The inside of the shop is very unassuming - it's about as big as my living room, and consists of nothing more than a single glass deli case, a few shelves of dry goods, and a walk-in and meat slicer.  There are no glossy ads, flat-screen TVs tuned to ESPN, or even soda dispensers.  It's just sausages, olives, and a little board with a dozen sandwich choices.The sandwiches - I got the Italian meatball, and it was the best damn sandwich I've ever had.  The sauce: amazing.  The bread: perfect.  The mozzarella: absolutely fresh.  The combination was absolutely perfect.  And it was $6, plus a 50-cent can of Coke.  Usually if I get a foot-long sandwich, I will stall out about halfway through the second half, but with this, I ate the entire thing and wanted to turn around and go back for another.Rose is the woman who works there, and she will start talking to you, even if you try to avoid her.  If you watch the movie Goodfellas, Marty S's real mom plays the role of the mom cooking them dinner, and Rose is exactly like her: very old-school and sincere, yet she might ask you far more personal questions than if you bought a meatball sub at a Subway.  But it's cool, and it's always nice to see people rather than droids serve your food.There's no place to sit, and there's just sandwiches, unless you want to buy a whole salami and gnaw on it in the car.  There are no vegan or gluten-free options.  There are no low-cal options.  There are no low-fat options.  It's just sandwiches, done right.  Good stuff.
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2007,10/5/2007,56,148,,6,5>Disclaimer: I didn't eat anything here, and I didn't sample any of their fancy champagne cocktails, so all I can really vouch for is that this is a darn cool place.  I had read reviews back when it opened declaring this was a great use of a narrow space that basically just shoots straight back from the street (hence the corridor name), but the decor really creates such a neat feel on top of the unique layout.  It's the kind of place where you feel compelled to wander around admiring all the little design touches, and it's tough to decide where you want to finally sit: the main bar with its fabulous light fixtures?  A chic booth?  The sneaky, almost private room in the back?  It was a gorgeous day, so when three of us stopped there for a drink killing time before a dinner reservation, we actually sat on the patio to admire the foot traffic on Larimer.  We opted for a champagne flights  because it not only sounded especially classy, but it came in this neat little holder to showcase all three glasses.  I plan to go back to explore further and maybe order some fancy food.
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,10/4/2007,320,975,4,12,4>I was here sometime back in Early June this year with Sean and my parents.  Did you know several hundred years ago, Colorado is actually an ocean?  Due to geographical errosion, earth movement, volcanic ash bed that form the current ridge line, and where a large number of Dinosaur remains are found on our Colorado soil, you can explore Dinosaur Ridge to your fullest.It was indeed an eye opener for us.  To find dinosaur fossils, bones, Dinosaur footprints alike right here in Colorado!  Its a must see for families with children alike who love to explore and get further education with regards to Dinosaurs and how land is form here in Colorado.Just be warned since the weather is getting alot warmer these days, dont forget to bring lots of water, sunscreen, a good pair of tennis shoes to walk up the trail. Admission to this area is FREE.  But its nice to allocate some donations for the park.There is a $2 fee per person for a ride up to the first checkpoint of the Dinosaur Ridge, then from there you can walk down.  If your little ones are too tired to walk you can just hail the ride and the driver would bring you down to the entry gate of Dinosaur Ridge.  That was the day when we came to Dinosaur Ridge on Saturday June 02 2007.  It happens on that day coincide with National Trails Day.Each station of the Dinosaur Ridge have a guide who are so willing to tell you about what it was all about and to answer any questions with regards to the Dinosaur Ridge.  Do refer to the website regularly for Dinosaur Discovery Days, regular hikes, updates or guided tours thru the Dinosaur Ridge...
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,10/2/2007,444,745,6,4,5>dear doubletree,thanks for having a room available for me last minute. i didn't know i was coming, i swear. it just happened that way. oh yeah, thanks for the early check in. i would have been screwed if i had to wear my sweats to the wedding. thanks for the comfy bed with a million pillows. i only used 1, but hey i appreciate the thought. thanks for the iron that actually worked so i could iron my wrinkly ass dress and not look like a hobo. that was nice.thanks for having an avis rent a car station right in your hotel. who knew cabs were so effing expensive in colorado? i didn't know that you had to drive a gagillion miles if you wanted to go downtown or even get some milk. that avis rent a car deal was superb. just picked up a car for about $100 less than what it would have cost me in cabs.lastly, thank you for getting me drunk. i had no idea the wedding was gonna end at 10. i had no idea that colorado does not have many places open past 10. i did, however, discover that you had a bar that served FOOD AND DRINKS til 1am. i love you. i loved my newcastle on tap. i loved the bar tender who gave me free drinks and i love that waitress who brought me nachos. i have much love for you doubletree. unfortunately, i did not love that hangover the next morning, but that was my doing, right? doubletree, if anyone i know gets married in denver again, i'm staying with you because you give me a comfy bed, friendly staff, and beer. i love you mostly for the beer. ok, night night :)love,aly
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2007,10/1/2007,614,1007,5,6,3>Man, I keep going back to this place hoping the food will get better, and damn, it's like staying with a man that won't do you right.The salsa is spicy, sometimes. The chips are served half corn, half flour, if you like that. Every meal I have had there has tasted like a Spanish knock-off, but the beer is always cold and good. The servers are very cool, and nice...attentive enough.If it wasn't walking distance to my man's loft and didn't have free wifi, I would have no reason to go back. serious.
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2007,9/30/2007,84,77,1,6,2>I went to Denver on business and one of my friends recommended Sushi Den.  Ironically I also got warnings from Denver natives saying something to the effect of  "dont get sushi in a landlocked state".  However, I have to say Sushi Den was quite respectable.I tried making a reservation but they don't take them for Saturday.  I got there at 7:30 and the restaurant was full with a pretty good sized crowd waiting outside.  Luckily I went alone so I was able to get a seat at the bar immediately.  I wanted to try the Denchu room where the owner prepares omakase but alas he wasn't working Saturday.  I still ordered omakase at the bar.  The meal started with Japan Tofu a big piece of cold dense tofu in what tasted like a hazlenut oil topped with ginger and asparagus.Next came 6 small plates: grilled octopus, salmon topped with ikura, grilled scallop, yellowtail belly, albacore ceviche, and soy marinated ocean trout.  The octopus was the standout and the salmon with roe was the weakest.  Next came nigiri sushi:  2 pieces of grilled toro, 1 piece of aji, 1 piece of kampachi. The final scheduled course was a combination of young snapper and uni.  I thought the uni could stand to be a bit fresher but the snapper was amazing one of the best I have ever had.Not feeling totally full I ordered one more dish and received a Japanese sardine roll.Total damage came out to be 130 for dinner with dessert and one drink.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,9/29/2007,220,480,6,5,6>I finally know how celebrities feel where every action they make is scrutinized under a microscope. Maybe that's exaggerating a little, but when I came here, I did have every person in the immediate area and all the servers watching me. Why? Because I ordered the super duper hot atomic style wings. I had been warned against them, that there would be no way that I could handle the insane hotness. But I love spicy food and have yet to find anything too hot for me. Everyone thought I would get the hiccups or pass out from the heat or something equally extreme.  And as I put the first of 4 super hot wings to my mouth, I actually thought that a collective silence went over the long table I was seated at.Upon first bite, the wings don't seem THAT hot. But as the sauce settles into your taste buds, you realize that DAMN, these wings ARE really hot. I should say that they were not too hot for me to eat, so if you are a super spice fan, you might want to try them. However, the hotness wasn't pleasant... you couldn't really taste anything but spiciness. I suggest that if you want something hot, but flavorful, try the hot (or extra hot, just not the most super duper hot you can order).And if you are not sure what spice level is right for you, you can actually split your wing order into multiple flavors (i.e., 4 medium, 4 hot, 2 mild).  Definitely worth a visit if you like hot foods or wings.
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2007,9/28/2007,70,228,2,4,4>I thought long and hard about what would be my 100th review, and I came to the conclusion that it could only be a place that holds as many memories for me as Red Rocks does.I must've seen about 40 shows here over the years, most recently I flew from my home in San Francisco to see The Fray in September, another memorable show!  The acoustics here are impeccable, I've never heard music sound better, ever!  The fact that you can sit in your seat, watch an incredible band, be outside, and look out over the entire city of Denver is almost a spiritual experience!  This is a place that is a must for every music lover, no matter where you're from, it's on par with the Fillmore in SF and (extinct) CBGB in NYC.  There is really almost no way anyone in their right mind could ever give Red Rocks less than 5 stars, if they had the option for 10 stars, it would be easily 10 stars!
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,9/27/2007,7,18,,4,4>"Award winning barbecue" is their slogan. They feature their own "Big Hoss" BBQ sauce. I think it's pretty tasty! 12 beers on tap. Steak, burgers, ribs and chicken. I've only had the BBQ chicken wings so far and they were delicious. I'm going back soon for a try at their ribs. Their web site refers to the Big Hoss Grill located in Snowmass, Colorado. I believe that is their first location. The place I went to is in the historic Tennyson district. It's located right next door to Patrick Carrolls. Two great places just a couple steps away from each other. My wife and I live just two blocks from Tennyson. What a great neighborhood! Life is good...
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2007,9/26/2007,22,77,1,6,7>We took the Flying Dog tour and it was wonderful. I hate to say it but how can you give anything that hands out free beer less than 4 stars. Come on... They start you off with a free pint to take the tour with and while no beer connoisseur, I liked their offerings a lot. Our tour guide Devon was awesome and requested that we not be "ass hats" during the tour. Hilarious. Devon was great about answering questions and very knowledgeable. Sometimes when someone other than the brewer gives the tour, you don't learn as much. Flying Dog is one of Colorado's largest craft brewers and it was cool to see such a large-scale operation. Plus, the tour of Flying Dog includes a tour of Stranahan Whiskey, which is the only whiskey distillery in Colorado.  Apparently it gets rave reviews but I thought it tasted like dirty socks in your mouth. I hate all whiskey though.The end of the tour included more free beer. What's not to love...
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2007,9/25/2007,0,0,1,3,3>I'd been wanting to go to Steuben's since it opened, and I finally got to go last night. The great thing about their menu is that it's all '50s-inspired, old-school food. The boyfriend advised me against my first two choices, the Cayenne Etouffee and the Maine Lobster Roll, saying they were bland and tasteless. So I went with the Macaroni & Cheese with a side of Habanero Honey Fried Corn. Both were delicious. He had the Cubano (which wasn't as good as Cuba Cuba's) and a side of Baked Cheesy Broccoli. They even have tiki drinks! We shared the huge Scorpion Bowl, which came to us on fire. Oh hell yes!
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,9/24/2007,12,26,,5,4>The Best Bike Shop in Denver!I really don't need to say anything else.  All bike shops should look at Mojo Wheels as they could learn a thing or two.  Mojo Wheels is mainly a mountain bike / downhill shop but they'll help you out with anything.Anything you need, they can accommodate. By far the best customer service I've seen in a bike shop. The customer service is good because the employees know what they are talking about. They didn't read it out of a book and they wont regurgitate info from a catalog to make a sale. They know their stuff, because THEY DO IT.  They've bombed down the mountains, they've taken the hits in the protective gear and they know how it performs.Whether you're looking for a new commuter, needing to add a little mojo to your ride with a tune-up, or needing some extreme downhill gear, Mojo Wheels is the place for you!
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,9/23/2007,17,80,3,7,4>I have to start with telling you all the truth.....I have never been to Sing Sing sober.  In fact, I am kinda scared to go without having had a few beers.  The place is a piano bar so you need to shed your inhibitions, drinks do that for me.  Two guys with pianos facing one another rock the hell out of that place!  You give them requests (it helps when they come with a tip) and they will play pretty much anything you want.  Everyone around you will be singing along, and even if you are like me and can't carry a tune feel free to join in.  There is a cover sometimes and drinks are high like all downtown bars, but the fun outweighs the cost.
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,9/21/2007,114,440,5,7,6>Must have Nutella crepe...While window shopping at Flat Irons I decided to surrender to sweet yearnings and ordered my own wish from Crepes A La Cart. The billboard of a menu placed behind the crepe making locale had a variety of treats to offer.  Being so focused on my true desire I barely noticed something I'll come back for: a brie and chicken savory crepe.  The crepe artist was a bit of a smart ass and at first I believe he was trying to pull off a french accent.  He was kind enough to ask how much Nutella I preferred.. I actually wanted to taste the Crepe along with the Nutella.Warm, a bit gooey and complete choco hazelnut enlightenment once it hit my lips.  The crepe didn't taste floury nor of butter. Pleasure overtook my body and who knows what people thought of me as I lingered to my car.  Quite frankly Scarlett, I don't give a damn.
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,9/20/2007,18,152,2,5,5>Denvers Oldest Eatery, opened it's doors in 1893. Check out the liquor license number....it is 1, the first one issued and still active.A great place to just visit , even better to have a great meal. The place is a museum filled with old west pictures, animal head trophies and too many other things to mention. The original building with an outdoor area added on the second floor. Not to be missed. As it is an old structure, it is in a not so trendy section of town, but it seems pretty safe around the restuarant. You can spend a good 30 minutes just wandering through the place looking at the decor, even tho the place is quite small.  The staff is friendly and encourage you to have a look around.A truly unique place.
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2007,9/19/2007,33,131,,4,8>How could anyone not like a place that has a "Pineapple Upside Down Pancake?"  Seriously, their menu is full of yummy things that I couldn't resist.  I had their hash browns topped with cheese and tomatoes.  I sampled my friend's pancakes and all I can say is WOW.  They also have Snickers pancakes.  Is that really breakfast?Anyway, this place rocks.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because there is a LONG wait to get seated.
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2007,9/18/2007,42,44,5,6,5>OH MY GOD!The pho here is absolutely phenomenal! The best ever. The broth is so flavorful, the meat is perfect, there is a ton of cilantro and sprouts and other goodies...it is like heaven in a bowl. I don't know enough about Vietnamese food to know how pho broth is made. But you could tell me that Pho Hoa Noi makes their soup with rotted fish guts and rat poo and I would still eat it, with pleasure. People, it is so very good!The restaurant itself is a pretty standard, slightly grubby Asian place in a strip of other Vietnamese businesses. Atmosphere and service are fine, not great. But who cares? Go for the excellent pho and leave with a full belly and a happy heart.
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/4/2007,9/17/2007,72,410,6,4,1>HAHAHA SUCKERS!! I'm giving this place 3 stars (even though it deserves 4) since you are all way too infatuated with this joint. This place has some good burritos with interesting selections, and yes you can get more than just beer for booze. That's a plus. Nonetheless, every time I get a burrito from this place, it lacks that certain something: love. Well...maybe not. But damn, the guacamole is not exactly up to par, nor is the fact that the Burritos always seem to be sort of greasy. Chipotle? Less selection, but always kick-ass and fresh salsa and guacamole. And well, you get your burrito right then...packed with the good stuff. Illegal Pete's you have to wait a bit usually, and pay extra for those special amenities. Free student drinks really tips it over the edge for me personally to Chiptole's side.But don't get me wrong! I like this place, I do...as a second string player. However, all of you have stepped over the threshold from love affair to zealotry. It isn't healthy I tell you! (Says the man who wrote 3 different reviews about 3 different Chipotles...)
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2007,9/16/2007,22,26,2,1,5>The DPL is my home when I can't stand my real home. The plaque on the west side entrance says it all.  "I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library".  If I had it my way it would be open everyday all day.  The only time I don't like going there is when it's really cold, because that's when all the homeless flock inside (understandably) and their smell pretty much ruins the ambience.
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,9/15/2007,5,272,,4,4>What a great place to shop. The idea was simple, yet genius: Open up a store that sells farmers' market goods all year round. Great concept.This cool little market features food items items, from salsa to pasta to ice cream, from local farmers' markets. Everything is produced in Colorado or at least made by someone in Colorado. This way you support local farmers and the local economy.While convenient in the winter, it's also nice in the summer. If my local farmers' market is on Saturday, and I run out of a locally produced salad dressing on Monday, I don't have to wait all week for a second helping.Also, they have a really cute doggie hitch, like the Old West, so you can hitch your pup outside and they can enjoy a biscuit and a cool drink while you shop.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,9/13/2007,476,701,4,7,4>Excellent from dawn 'til late night. Unfortunately too many great W.word reviews got too many people in there and now they won't leave, Hit the off-times for an easy and fast killer meal. De nalgas!
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,9/12/2007,62,385,1,5,4>The First Friday Art Walk is an excellent way to spend your first Friday of the month.  This is one of the few events that is consistently engaging and fun in Denver.  Each gallery features fresh artwork for the month and serves wine and snacks for a small donation.  There are many different styles of artwork that co-exist together.   Some is good, some is bad; you be the judge!  A labyrinth of corridors and outdoor stairways connects many of the galleries.  A back door to one gallery will lead to a communal patio.  During the summer, Galleries like Space create super-outdoor-mini-parties with string-ed holiday lights, projected film and video, drinks, lots of mingling people, and of course warm summer Colorado air.   Many eccentric characters come out of the wood works during First Friday.  A large percentage of these characters participate in the "art-ride" bus that in fact, stops at a larger range of Denver galleries that lie outside the heart of the First Friday area.  In my experience these peeps wear costumes and eat acid, drink bear, and have small controlled fires on cold nights at first Friday, and they are all very nice: )
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,9/11/2007,41,234,1,6,5>I grew up in Boulder, the daughter of an architect who has specialized in sustainable design WAY before it was popular. This experience has molded me into a stylish conservationist, with somewhat expensive tastes, and unfortunately my theatre degree doesn't quite get me the scratch necessary to indulge these pricey, stylish-yet-sustainable tastes.That's where Hutter Wholesale comes in to the picture like a knightly prince on a giant white steed. They spirited away my yucky Home Depot commode and bestowed upon me a lovely modern dual flush masterpiece! And for 70% off! *Swoon!*I let them know I wanted a shower head with enough force to blast mud off my sidewalk and they escorted me to their showerhead testing shower. I tried them all out (no bathing suit or shampoo necessary) to find the one that perfectly fit the bill! Like I said, I'm the daughter of an architect and I get to take advantage of that fact when it comes time to pay the bill here, so it works out pretty well. If you don't have any connections like that, here's what you do... Last year they had their first ever blow out sale over Labor Day Weekend. It was every bargain-hunting house remodeler/flipper's dream. Check with them and see if they plan on doing it again this year (I hope so!) and if they are SHOW UP EARLY and ask lots of questions if you don't see what you are looking for.Two other items of note: Since they sell to folks in the trade, they are only open during the week. If you aren't a builder, architect or designer yourself, or being escorted by one, they appreciate it if you make an appointment (not necessary for the tent sale).
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2007,9/10/2007,70,23,6,6,6>Did you say pheasant?This not so hidden, not so secret, local delight is a don't miss lunch stop for those on the go.  Great for the downtown business crowd who have a classic craving but prefer their dog with classy modern twist.  Let your taste buds explore these ever so authentic Colorado delicacies.  Never thought you would call a hot dog stand gourmet?  This meat is the treat that will match that description.  Biker Jim's Gourmet Dogs boasts, "Our meat is no Mystery," but I bet you have never tried some of these unique menu items.Are you not wild enough for the Wild Boar Sausage?  Well then, "Would you like to give the buffalo a day in court?" Biker Jim has been known to ask a timid first time taste tester.  The Alaskan Reindeer sausages are not reserved for Christmas and are actually quite lean.  This trademark sausage is sensually smoky and juicy to boot.  The menu has, "...evolved into a wild game carnival," with much of the game locally raised or hunted within the state.  You so must try an Elk Jalepeno Cheddar Brat.  And for those reluctant clientele, Biker Jim still offers the classic Hebrew National Kosher dog but please skip the relish, ketchup, and mustard with a request the Coca cola infused sauted onions and a layer of cream cheese.  This is quickly replacing most Americans' favorite condiments.  Don't forget that if you have breakfast on the brain, Biker Jim is very proud of his inventive breakfast burritos. You can choose from bacon or the ever popular reindeer, scrambled with eggs, fried potatoes, chives, cheese, and a dash of paprika.  So good that you will want to skip lunch but remember to take a dog along for dinner.  Smokey and spicy, sweet and mild, Biker Jim can satisfy with a sophisticated variety of grilled to order gourmet hot dogs.Yes, and Biker Jim's has very pleasant pheasant.
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2007,9/9/2007,63,116,,6,4>I am a bookstore geek.  I love books, I love periodicals, I love drinking a coffee and browsing around.  I love funky stationery, I love meeting authors, I love reading-glasses, I love maps and thinking about travel, and I love Tattered Cover.  Especially Tattered Cover LODO.Really, you'd have to be soul-less not to love Tattered Cover.  It was one of the first places I wandered in when I first came to Denver and was roaming around Lower Downtown (LODO).But then again, when you're a writer and a bookstore-geek, that's not a huge surprise.The Tattered Cover is full of surprises and goodness.  It includes a space where they host guest authors/book signings, which is impressive because they have photos of the authors and there are so many famous and intelligent people that automatically, you feel as if you're entrenched in history.Oh and they have a HUGE magazine section.  Hurrah!
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,9/8/2007,33,205,,8,4>4th of july, we have to get out of the house before the evening bbq, right.  Go to golden gate canyon.  There were so few people it was amazing.  I love this park.  It is not that far from denver, and it is remote at the same time.  This time we did a loop that consist of the coyote trail, deer mule and elk trail (about 7 miles) and it was amazing.  It does go up and down like mad, but you see so many different landscapes, meadows, pine forest, aspen forest, rocks everywhere. AND there are still a lot of wild flowers so it is time to go.The rancher house is worth visiting.  They will give you maps and info on where to go depending on your time and level of difficulty.  They also have a list of animal sighting.
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2007,9/7/2007,9,21,,4,3>It's so ..... New York Deli!So, I'll tell ya, I've been to NY a few times, my Dad grew up in Brooklyn and my grandparents and aunt lived there.My grandfather loved his delis. I think he would have appreciated this place. They even have gefilte fish.For brunch one time I had bagels and lox, but this was no ordinary bagels and lox. The bagels had the lox for sure, but they also had tomato, onion and capers. Sooo good.Another time I came for lunch and had a pastrami Reuben. Holy cow, I think the sandwich was at least 5 or 6 inches high with pastrami.If you're looking for a good deli, check this out.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2007,9/6/2007,233,277,1,4,2>I have to agree with the previous review; the worst service I have ever experienced at Morton's.I love this restaurant chain.  While it is expensive, okay ridiculously over-priced, the food is outstanding and the steak can't be beat.  I also like the ambiance; dark wood, subdued lighting, and huge wine bottles looming everywhere.This location did not disappoint on the food, but the service was very poor.  Our server was very friendly and professional, he just did not come around very often!  There was a large group sitting by us, obviously on an expense account, and they had two dedicated servers and the assistant manager buzzing around their table at all times.Unfortunately, this left us in the cold.  Everything took longer than it should have, even waiting 15 minutes for them to charge my credit card after they brought the bill.When you pay this kind of money, you expect great service and this was not the case.  I am actually going to write Morton's because they might have just lost a long time customer.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2007,9/5/2007,14,46,3,3,5>This place is a no-nonsense dive -- and it's great! Golden is a great town (and thanks to its location in a canyon, relatively cut-off from the suburban sprawl nightmare that is metro Denver). I worked there and lived in central Denver, and always came to this place if it was decided to stay around town after work for a beer. The crowd is as mixed as you can get -- students from the School of Mines come here after mooching three free beers by cutting through the Coors brewery tour to the company tour bar, (a good tip -- try it out, if it's still allowed) truck drivers and Coors brewery employees, and bartenders and waitstaff who just got off work from their bs/yuppy bars down the street. For a town with the constant smell of hops and barley (yet another reason to stay), this is the best place in town to catch a cold one, shoot some pool and relax.
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,9/4/2007,79,146,2,6,3>I've been searching for good fish and chips for awhile now.  Pub after pub.  I've found a couple places that were alright.  Usually the beer outweighs the food and I eat maybe 1/2 of what I'm served.  Why?  Because it's just not fish and chips done right.  Even after a couple of beers it's just...well, alright.  That's the best I can say about Denver's fish and chips. UNTIL NOW! Hands down the best fish and chips in Denver.  Not only do they have amazing fish and chips, but the calamari was easily the best I've had this side of the Atlantic.If you are craving fish and chips and live ANYWHERE in the Metro area drive over to GB Fish and Chips.  You will honestly not be disappointed.  The place isn't fancy, but it's clean and the guy at the counter is friendly.  The beer (domestic and import) is cold and the fish...WOW!!!  Just go.  You really will not be disappointed.
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2007,9/3/2007,39,332,,4,4>I went here for lunch the other day and it was a little different than I was expecting.  Typically I don't spend $30 on lunch for myself but I figured I would give it a go.  The margs are good and just right on a hot day in the sun.  I also have to say the food was very good and very interesting.  It was cool to see a new type of Mexican food and I must say I still love a good bean burrito at 3am but this was a good new variety.
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,8/31/2007,5,14,4,5,5>Superbe!  Extra!  Donnez-moi un autre crepe, s'il vous plait!  Baisez-moi, bebe!  Thank god I was a French major in college or else how could express my inner passion in English!?  Although I really need to speak to someone about the name... I suppose it's the 'n' thing I hate, but it could be worse... Crepes R Us would have done it!The best thing was that we had just finished tiny tapas across the street at Soleil and my husband actually wanted dessert, which is a rarity.  CnC was absolutely perfect!  They have plenty of outdoor seating in a little alcove on Third Avenue, plus an attractive, very French looking inside seating at the bar and tables.  The menu is just about all crepes, all the time - very few items weren't wrapped in those silky, perfectly browned, heavenly blankets of French genius.  I didn't cross-examine the savory side of the menu, but it looked perfectly acceptable for a light dinner.  Instead, I agonized over the dessert menu with so many combinations of fruit, cream and liqueur.  We both had a Grand Marnier crepe, although I opted for the Crepe Suzette, with the additions of caramel, butter and powdered sugar.  Absolute French kiss, every bite was!  They were very generous with the Grand Marnier, which is essential.  They also have a full bar, with French beer and cider, one of my favorites.  The service was excellent and the other patrons very friendly.  It was an outstanding Cherry Creek experience, even for us peasants from the 'burbs.  Highly recommended!
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,8/30/2007,11,43,3,10,4>I have been going to The Mercury for about 3 years.  The main draw for me and my girlfriend is when Vox Feminista performs there.  Every few months the Boulder based eco-friendly-socially conscious-politically minded-slam poetry-lesbian comedy troupe has a couple show dates that they so thankfully have down in Denver, in the upstairs room of The Merc.  voxfeminista.orgAnd even though they sometimes have a performance at the Oriental Theatre which is only a few blocks from my house, we always seem to miss those shows and end up going to The Merc instead.  I have no issue with that.  The Merc, to say the least, is very ecclectic... and very eccentric.We often show up early to the show, so we can grab a table in the restaurant before the mad rush.  We do not eat there every time there is a Vox show, but I would say that we have probably had 5 or 6 dining experiences in the restaurant.Just like some reviewers, I will have to mention that the service is often hit or miss.  I have had bad service, I have had above average service, and more often than not, it is pretty much average.  The waiting time is the major drawback.  The dining area is also a little on the uncomfortably warm side.Like one reviewer said, they do not accept credit cards.  This is because they do not want to support the major banking institutions that supply all the credit that we Americans thrive on.  Yes, it is inconvenient... but as long as you bring a checkbook, you will be fine.  I think this policy is also effective with the Vox shows... but I am not 100% sure of that.  But that is not bad, because the shows use a sliding scale payment that starts at $10 per person.This is not a 100% meat free restaurant.  But the meat they do serve is organic, which is at least a relief.  The vegetarian and vegan food is decent.  Some people have said the food is terrible.  I would not agree with that.  In the several dining experiences over the last 3 years, the food has ranged from okay to good.  Nothing incredibly spectacular... but I have not had any bad meals yet.  In terms of good veggie and/or vegan food Watercourse Foods is much better.  But The Merc is definitely unique.
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2007,8/28/2007,64,152,1,4,3>In the mind of a little boy, there is no better place on earth than the Colorado RR Museum... There are RR engines and railcars all over the place, some of which you can climb on and enter. There are two model railroads located in the basement as well as the yard. You can even watch the volunteers work on engines in the roundhouse, which seems more interesting to the adults than to the kids.We ended up buying  a family pass, since it seems we'll be spending a bit of time there throughout the next year.
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,8/27/2007,169,173,2,4,2>Deli Tech I miss you.  I wish I was still within walking distance of you.  Please move to Chicago and show them what big portions and reasonable prices plus friendly service is all about.  Oh and how to be a real New York Style deli too!
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,8/26/2007,477,595,1,5,1>ok, so i might be a little biased because i got in for free, was given free drinks all night long and had vip access but this club is great!  it reminds me of south beach miami!!  it is a two story club with 2 rooms of music and 3 bars total.. there is a huge dancefloor with a stage and a big dj booth.  music sounds so good!!  i even got a shout out!  there is a big outdoor area with beds and couches too!  upstairs is the vip area with another bar and the other room of music with yet another bar!  go go dancers get to dance above the crowd and look great gettin their groove on!!  check this place out if you are in downtown denver!!
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2007,8/25/2007,94,108,3,3,3>I don't think there's anything quite like it in California, to even call this place a restaurant would be an understatement. I think we'll be OK though, considering we already have Disneyland. With that said, this "attraction" is sprawled out on several acres of land, surrounded by (surprise!) a white fence. Great place for the kids, let them enjoy a horse and buggy ride, or explore the petting zoo while you await your table(and you will wait). At night, the grounds are a magical sight with twinkling lights on the barnyard exterior and seemingly everywhere else. I don't know if people in Colorado are less jaded(probably), but the staff is as sweet as cherry pie. Speaking of sweet, this would be a good segue to mention my only gripe. The food is served family style which is cool, and all the side dishes are bottomless, great! However, a few of the sides are so laden with sugar it's unbelievable. Hello! Obesity epidemic?!? The beets and corn fritters specifically, must have no trace of nutritional value whatsoever. Apparently, it's almost mandatory that you try their coveted fried chicken, which is golden, crispy, and just right. After dinner, attempt to avoid heartburn and take a moment to wind down in the adjacent barn house which has a stage for round the clock entertainment and nearby gift shop containing all the country themed souvenirs your little heart could possibly ever desire.
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,8/24/2007,140,191,4,7,19>I was sitting on the floor, scanning Tintin books, as an 8-year-old girl browsed the nearby shelves. She kept moving closer and closer, and finally whispered to me, "What are those books you're looking at?" And I decided everybody should know about Tintin, so I showed her the books and we laughed at Thomson and Thompson. She decided she'd bring one of the adventures home. "Do you have any kids?" Sofie asked. "No," I said, "Do you have any brothers or sisters?" "Yes," she said, "I have a brother. He's one minute older than me, we're twins." And she skipped off to find him. On my way out, I saw her sitting on the floor next to her brother, showing him Tintin and Snowy. Nothing can compare to the Central Library in terms of selection and people watching. But what I love about the Park Hill Branch is the beautiful building, and its wooden shelves full of books. Even more, I love that it's still the kind of library where you can share your favorite books with your neighbors, even if they're strangers.
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,8/23/2007,33,55,3,4,3>Every girl waits for the that one day when that one special guy will get down on his knee, look into her eyes, and gently ask, "Baby, will you go to HAPA with me?"OF COURSE!  For the Greatest Sushi Happy Hour in Denver?  DUH--OF COURSE I'LL GO!Every Monday, from 10-11/12ish (basically whenever they kick my happy spicy tuna roll filled hiney out), HAPA hosts a very happenin' happy hour.  Ok, THAT was a lot of "H"s.  For example, my friend Ali and I went and got two tall vodka cocktails, six pieces of a California Roll, 6 spicy tuna, a misso soup, an order of edamame, and calamari for less than $20.  No, no, not a piece--total.Pure craziness, see ya Monday!
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,8/22/2007,61,92,,3,3>Rio Grande may not have the class or satisfaction you would find in a Taco Truck on Sunset Blvd or Koreatown in Los Angeles, but it definitely satisfies an urge for a decent Mexican meal in LoDo. I would recommend going with a group and sitting outside on a nice day, but if your preference differs from mine you will most likely not be disappointed. Rio Grande has good food, great atmosphere, and even better margaritas. In fact, most traffic that goes into Rio Grande is particularly for drinking margaritas. If you want to go somewhere that has the best Mexican food in Denver, don't bother. If you want to get Mexican food with a group. Check out Rio Grande. If you want the best Margarita in town, don't go anywhere but Rio Grande!
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,8/21/2007,105,103,1,8,3>Previous review is right.  This is the best tasting NY style pie I've found in Denver.  They moved to a new location a few months ago and their space is bigger now.  It even has an area for kids to play, complete with blocks, dvd player, other drooling kids.    But the most appreciated change is that they serve beer now!  (and maybe wine?)The food, friendly staff and ultra casual atmosphere make this a great place to point your flip flops when you need some comfort food and a cold one.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,8/20/2007,29,61,3,5,7>"You've stolen my heart," is what my grandmother Rosemarie used to say to me, in her Brooklyn kitchen, when i would do something nice for her (i.e., help her stuff manicotti, or compliment her on a meal well cooked). This is what i think every time i step in the doors of Spinelli's: I fall in love over and over again. For any fan of fresh Italian meats, this place means the world (w/out having to travel to Carbonne's, which is also first rate, but further away--what, being over on W. 38th and all).  They have it all. And, to top it all off, they have an entree that they prepare every other day and offer for about $12 (serves two). Dishes like pancetta shrimp with pasta aglio e olio. i said, goddamn, it's delicious.  And just to cosign the previous critique, they have fresh gnocchi. forilla, eat italian.
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2007,8/18/2007,5000,2823,,5,5>I picked up some pre-packaged Gnocchi, exotic chicken rub in a cute yellow tin can and a few slices of Smoked Cheddar.  They have a cheese deli and serve up some tight Paninis.  I want to try the Smoked Cheddar, Gouda, Onion, Tomato Panini served up with the mustard of the day.  Yes they have a mustard of the day.     Sounds lovely doesn't it?
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,8/17/2007,41,245,12,5,2>I've seen this concept in Seattle, too, so it's not totally unique- but it's still hella cool! Unfortunately, my friends don't seem to have the balls to get me a cake shaped like a penis. I'm hoping next birthday they'll 'man up' and buy one.Okay, so the biggest reason I love this place is the pun value- is that a crime? After all, such a popular spot can be a 'hard one' to review.... Okay, okay, I'll stop, please don't throw those tomatoes!Yummy baked goods. Sexy baked goods. Baked sexy yummy goods. Two thumbs and a penis up.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2007,8/16/2007,98,300,7,6,2>Fun place.  Friday night, they have $3.50 you call it.  ANYTHING you want for $3.50.  I had myself a couple of Stoli Bluberi and sodas.  They were made well so definitely a bargain.  My friends convinced me that the white things around the candles in the vases were Mentos.  Yeah, I tried one.  They are not Mentos people.  They are rocks.  HARD WHITE ROCKS.  Just an FYI.Good music, friendly bartenders, interesting decor.  I really enjoyed sitting in front of the windows and watching people walk by.  If I lived in Denver, I think I'd come here a lot.
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,8/14/2007,22,33,1,4,4>In the past  8 months the Bulldog has slowly become our new hangout ever since the demise of the Irish Snug on Colfax which is turning into a Bennigan's. It has the perfect combination of Great beer including, Fuller's ESB, Murphy's Stout and Hoegaarden, Amazing British and Pakistani food, a tolerable amount of soccer and rugby purists giving the Bulldog it's authenticity, a great location at the brim of downtown just away from the insanity and the pub feel we desire. In fact now that I think about it please don't come here and kill it like you did the snug ;)
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2007,8/13/2007,2,8,,6,7>i read about it in the rocky mountain news, stopped to see what all the hoopla was about.  the location is great, great view of invesco field and state capital and city bldg. as well as 6 flags.  i ordered the SOB burger.  It was a chile burger with sour cream and the best green chile poured over.  we had cinammon sopaipillas for dessert.  OUTSTANDINGthe place was recently opened, it will surely be a favorite of ours, i cant wait till it snows, to dine in the dining room and look at the snow covered city.  will be quite a sight to seethanks emmas
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,8/1/2007,8/11/2007,15,75,9,11,3>How strange is it to find a place that not only sells blow guns, but also cast iron skillets and great shoes? One might argue Savers could do it, but name a place that sells it all new! Welcome to Army Surplus on Broadway. The store itself is deceptively large, looking tiny from the outside, but sprawling over several rooms throughout the inside. The main room sells your typical outdoors gear at a reasonable price. There are few deep discounts here, but the quality of the goods is second to none. Towards the back is where you will find clothing, hardware, and the amazing shoe department. Now, I am a one pair of shoes kind of guy. If I can't wear them to the beach one day and prom the next, they are not for me. Army Surplus delivers, carries a variety of military and SWAT style shoes that are as durable as they are fashionable. I love the zip-up boots with laces; my feet stay snug, but they are easy to get in and out of. The people working in the shoe department are great too, getting different sizes and styles from the back, making recommendations, and being patient about the whole thing. This is sorely missing from the front counter where the staff tends to expect you to already be in fatigues talking about 'Nam before you even get to the front door. If you head south on Broadway, it is hard to miss. Look for the Burma-Shave style poetry on the side of the building. Stop by, grab a fake grenade, and have a blast.***Update*** So, here is an odd thing to report. I bought some assorted goods for a long trip, ya know, nothing fancy. As I was checking out I smelled that familiar stink of ganja. Now, I just figured that someone had just walked in from a wake and bake, but the smell followed me home like a stinky ghost. I walked in the door and not one, but two people asked if I just lit up (I don't smoke, btw). Now I knew I wasn't crazy, so I found the reeky items and went back to return them. Thats when the madness started. I talked to one of the cashiers about it who then got very upset and started yelling at me, telling me I was crazy. Two other cashiers got involved, and the trio, looking frantic and nervous all took turns smelling the items. After about 5 minutes of sniffing and yelling, I gave up. So I threw away the stuff (I didnt want the drug sniffing dogs to come after me) and now I dont shop there anymore. I could have dealt with the smelly goods, but why yell at a customer?
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2007,8/10/2007,11,37,9,7,6>I mostly get the gut bomb known as the "Burrito Grande". I have got it so much in fact that the cooks laugh at me when I come in and start singing their gringo buys Burrito Grande song. It is quite hilarious. Basically it is a huge breakfast burrito smothered in green or red Chile.  People are amazed when I finish it in one sitting. Oh ya, and they have some other food that is good too lol. Try it out for lunch or breakfast.  If you are attempting to be healthy or watching your weight then it isn't probably the best choice. I don't think Little Anita is little anymore lol. Anyway, it is a New Mexico fast food style restaurant.  I can't eat their much anymore for fear of becoming a look alike of a Mexican Buddha. And of course we all know the beans, beans the musical fruit song. But I still get the craving and go once a month to retrieve me a giant burrito.
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2007,8/9/2007,46,35,11,4,4>I H-A-T-E corporate America.  Seriously.  For Example:Blockbuster almost killed my credit score once because I forgot to put the movie back in the box upon returning it. Did they ever bother to call me?  No.  I went out of town for three weeks and had no idea I'd made the mistake until I walked into Blockbuster to rent another movie.  I think it was probably a season of Sex and the City or something similar.  I step up to the counter.  Counter Dude asks me for my ID.  I go to retrieve my ID and oops!  I must have forgotten it in the car.  "No worries" says Counter Dude.  "What's your phone number?"  "867-5309 eeeeiiiiinnne!!!"  Uh.  He's looking at me VERY strangely.  Right.  He didn't get it.  This is what regularly happens when you have a sense of humor and 90% of the population  - living in the conservative Baptist town that you are - doesn't.I give him my phone number.  He takes the next 2 to 3 minutes hmmmming and oooooooing.  When I ask him if everything is ok, he asks to see my drivers license.  (What?!)  ...Oh, left that in the car, too.  "Well, I can't rent you a movie until you pay your late fees."My shells and cheese is calling my name about this time...  "Ok.  I'll pay my late fee.  What's the damage?"Counter Dude gets a seriously erie look on his face.  Jack-o-lantern style.  No doubt.  "$125."(Did I mention I have the ability to morph into Jack from Will & Grace instantaneously - directly following situations like the one above?)"What?!?!Howcouldthathavehappened?!Areyousureyoupu­tintherightphonenumber?!Idon'thave$125!" All of this voiced in my highest pitch.Counter Dude now has a very scared look in his eyes.  He probably thought I had forgotten to take my Xanax (btw, that crap sucks but that's a completely different type of review). He slowly starts to back away...(Required Preface: Luckily it was early afternoon on a weekday - I was bartending at the time - so, no.  There were not a lot of people in the store.)"You never returned a movie.  You owe Blockbuster the cost of the movie."Um.  Excuse me?  Never has any movie that I have ever purchased cost that much.  Seeing Counter Dude's obvious fear of me, I try to calm myself down.  "Can you tell me which movie?""Sex and the City (or something similar)." Says Counter Dude."I returned that almost a month ago!"Upon further investigation, Counter Dude finds that I returned the case without the movie inside and he tells me this."Oh.  Well, let me find it and bring it back.  Will I still be charged for the cost of the movie?""No.  Please, just return the movie.  You'll be charged a late fee of (around) $10."Dumbass.  Why would he EVER do that to somebody?  I'm sure he thought he was being funny.  THIS is the type of comic relief you're guaranteed in such a town.  Thankfully, I can now laugh about it.So, why do I prefer Video One?  They're kickass.  Jason, the Counter Dude will call and harass you until you return the movie you've neglected to return.  He hasn't had to do it to me, though.  That should be obvious.Two more reasons:  They have an excellent selection of Indie films. And, you get free popcorn just for walking in the door.Lesson learned:  Don't be a slave to the "man".  Choose Video One.
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2007,8/8/2007,190,159,4,6,4>This small park in the DU area is quiet and tucked away from just about everything. A remote part of the DU campus, this park surrounds the university's observatory. I don't know much about the building, but it was nice hanging out on the grass all evening. Even when the security guards roll by, they didn't kick us out. They just want to make sure nobody's in the observatory, I guess. Just mind the sprinklers after nine, okay?
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2007,8/7/2007,159,621,4,5,3>Time for another Allan Tirade about something that's pretty insignificant:  STIR FRY YOUR GREEN BEANS!Steaming/Blanching your green beans is absolutely horrible.  I hate the texture and I hate the taste.  I think restaurants serve it more for presentation than anything else.  I wonder if anyone's ever been like man, I love those green beans on the side... at least in Southern cuisine they add a bunch of crap like onions/peppers along with them.  Stir fry your green beans with some salt and garlic.  I swear you'll never get another plate of unfinished green beans again.With that said, Table 6 is a great place to eat at.  The atmosphere is great, the neighborhood is great, and the food is quite delicious.  The staff was extremely knowledgeable in all the food, but we felt that one of them was being pretty impatient with us... which annoyed.  We were the first guests there, too.My dad didn't like the place so much because they didn't have a full liquor license so he couldn't have his scotch.  Also, he felt that the rib eye that he had had too much connective tissue for it to be at a restaurant of Table 6's stature.  The lady friend wasn't very impressed with her salmon either.  She felt that it was pretty dry and we came to the conclusion that she should ask for it to be "medium" the next time she orders a seared salmon.  The pasta that came with it, however, was amazing.My duck confit was also absolutely delicious, as were the salads and desserts.  Table 6 totally put me in a good mood, but I couldn't say the same for the others with me.  Alas.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,8/6/2007,99,463,2,6,5>I love Coral Room. Perhaps it's because I used to work there and had an absolute blast. But, regardless, I still love the food.The filet mignon there is excellent. Every bit worth the $27 price. Also, I love the coconut tiger prawns served with peanut sauce. And, I mean, you have to love that they serve you free edamame beforehand, and oreo cookies with your check.Additionally, it's a great place to grab some late night drinks and talk to some good looking peeps.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2007,8/5/2007,23,67,3,6,6>I'll probably be the only guy to post about using their services, but why not.  I have been to this place to get my back done numerous times and they have always been great.  Very professional and helpful for all your waxing needs.They now have 3 salons (as of this post):  Downtown, DTC and Boulder.  The owners share their time amongst all 3 salons so if you need services from them, you could work it out.The best thing about this place is that you could make appointments with whomever you want right on their web site.  Pretty easy to do, once you create a log in.   And, despite how much you want to tip they won't allow it.  They include it in the bill.
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,8/4/2007,540,313,30,27,9>Has your hoohoo been itching or something looks funny? Did that special someone that you smooched with last month email you and tell you that you may want to get checked out?  Have you been waiting two months for your special friend and she still hasn't done her monthly rounds? Want to know if that pregnancy test is really right?Well, what ever your needs may be skip on over to the Denver Public Health Center and get free STD tests.... Yes, virtually for free, and not many questions asked. You can keep pretty anonymous and basically you just have to deal with the people in the waiting room looking at you... But you can all watch the cartoon network together and they start to feel like friends... kind of.  Strategy: Get to the clinic early because it is first come first served, and well, let's just say that there are a lot of people who take advantage of this system and they will get their earlier than you.  Expect to be in the waiting room for almost two hours before being called... maybe longer if you get to the clinic late after opening. * Star one is for an almost  free clinic: EVERY neighborhood needs this!** Star two is for keeping things private... So important*** Keep me entertained star three is for TV's in the waiting room****  Convenient star four is for a great urban location***** I'm awake star five is for being open every day of the work week... Even if the hours are a little odd
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,8/3/2007,10,56,1,3,5>If you want a taste explosion in your mouth, this is the place to go!I started off with the Thai Chili Tuna which was very fresh and quite good when paired with the wonton chips.  It was quickly on to the main course, for which I chose the brown sugar smoked boneless duck breast.  While great in itself, it is truly the sauces that can make or break the meal.I broke away from the recommended sauces thinking that my own culinary expertise would clearly override that of the chef.  I was clearly an idiot, as the one sauce that was the best out of the three I chose was one of the recommended sauces.So, unless you're more of an expert than I (not difficult) I'd go with the recommended sauces...they _are_ recommended for a reason. ;-)The wine list looked pretty good, although I didn't partake that evening.The decor and ambience is pretty nice and would probably make for a good first date when combined with the delicious tastes in your mouth.  Well, that's assuming you don't partake in the delicious cloves of garlic that come with the bread at the beginning of your meal! *grin*
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2007,8/1/2007,13,11,,4,2>I want to leave a comment about CP's practice facilities.  Not often do you find such fine practice facilities at a public course in the city.  You have multiple greens for chipping and putting - all free to access.  The driving range is good, but typically you have to hit off the turf, instead of the grass.  At any rate, I would certainly recommend it as a great place to work on the short game.
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2007,7/31/2007,11,27,3,3,2>Go on a weeknight. The happy hour is a two 'fer and it runs from 3-7pm. If you don't slug a second, they'll give you a ticket that lasts till the end of the month for a free one. The barkeep is ace, and the clientele is less dick than other two fers around Denver. The patio needs a bit of work- maybe a marigold or two; it feels like you're sitting in Juarez, MX waiting for a four cornered piece of chicken wire with a ply wood base to be plopped down in front of you for a spontaneous pesos only cock fight. Thursdays are movie nights. I've only been to one, and they were showing the Big Lebowski and Repo Man- quite possibly the best mix of cerebral and visceral that I've ever seen projected on a painted white brick wall. The food is all bar grub, but it's worthwhile.
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2007,7/30/2007,37,57,6,7,6>Being that I live in a fairly unsavory part of the metro area, I've made it a point to try everything in my neighborhood in hopes of finding some gems (or at least places I didn't have to go out of my way to eat at).  Viva Burrito has been one of the better experiences.Generally speaking you get what you pay for at Viva Burrito-- the beef is super greasy, the bacon is not bacon, but merely crisply fried ham, and I've had a few items that I didn't want to know details about.  After trying several things out on the menu, the things I can recommend are:- Rolled tacos.  Crunchy and super greasy, but pretty good.- Beef tacos.  See above.- Chicken burritos.  The chicken tastes pretty plain, but has some sort of spicy red sauce which is pretty good.- Breakfast burritos.   I'm partial to the ham ones, though the "bacon" ones are good sometimes too.If I liked tomatoes the nachos would be pretty good.  Essentially they contains some  pico de gallo, shredded cheese, and chips.   I'd also highly recommend asking for the green salsa instead of the red.  The red stuff is pretty watery and not really hot or flavorful.  The green at least has flavor.Oh, and I've never eaten inside.  I would highly recommend being fluent in Spanish if you decide to try it.If you're looking for something other than Taco Bell at 2 AM, I would highly recommend getting a breakfast burrito here.  Otherwise you're not missing much, but it's nice to know it's there in a pinch.  The food can be hit or miss, but is usually decent considering that it's fast food and inexpensive. It is much more authentic than most any other similar place.If you're from Highlands Ranch and easily spooked by eating somewhere outside of Applebee's or being outside of neighborhoods which might have at least a little character, you should probably never try it.  In fact you're too boring to even be on the intertubes researching restaurants-- why are you still reading this?
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,7/29/2007,30,49,5,5,5>I'm usually very skeptical of these fusion places ("oh look, a 10-gram mini-taco with Japanese wasabi sauce for only $39!") so I didn't know what to expect.  But whoa, they're hitting on all cylinders here.  First, the space is very heavily designed, like some hidden VIP lounge-slash-sushi joint for four hidden away in a Vegas high-roller section.  The bar - if you don't drink, you might want to start, just to get a better look at it.  Every seat is very intimate, even if you're closest to the kitchen.Service was exceptional - not only did our waitress come back and check on us constantly, but the hostess, a bartender, and a manager also stopped over frequently to ask us if we had anything.  Maybe it was a slow night (it was a Saturday), but I felt like I could have asked one of them to go change the oil in my car, and they would have done it and washed the windows while they were there.The father, son, and holy spirit of this place was when they brought out kobe beef and a hot stone for us to sear ourselves.  If they made a home kit of this, the fire department would probably be cutting me out of my apartment so Richard Simmons could come over and help save my life.  Heroin doesn't even compare.For dinner, I had this special that was basically an Indian dish, but fusioned out with the Asian influence.  (Yes Magellan, I realize India is in Asia, too.)  Anyway, this Indian food was so incredible, I couldn't believe it.  I also couldn't reconcile the fact that the best Indian food I'd had in Denver was in a fusion joint.No other complaints - even the valets were cool to talk to.  Man, I really want some of that Kobe beef right now...
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,7/27/2007,311,518,,3,1>Red Rocks is my all time favorite place to see a show...the vibe is great, the sound is good. The party in the parking lot is cool before and after. It is always worth the trip from Texas to come see some of my favorite jam bands, hip hop artists and psychedellic funksters tear it up at the Rocks. Big Summer Classic 05 was an excellent tour. I will alway be up there for the Sound Tribe Sector Nine Shows. They seem to play at least one weekend a year there.LOVE IT!
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,7/26/2007,614,1007,6,7,3>I had the pleasure of visiting Cuba Cuba on my way to Cirque a couple nights ago. I couldn't help thinking, "it's going to be a loooong night". My boyfriends mom and daughter were sharing date night with us - I have to be on my best behavior for...hours.Of course, as soon as we walk in I smelled the minty mojitos. Ruh Roh.I'll just have one. So, I savored it the entire meal and my gosh, at the end of my CAMARONES AL AJILLO, the last limony sip was even better than the first.My meal was so good, I couldn't muster up the manners to offer a bite to anyone at the table, even though I greedily accepted a bite of everyone else's meal. Everything was so good - I couldn't help myself. But at least I have guilt, right?My seared shrimp was in a  tasty garlic/ wine sauce that I could have slurped up from the platter had I been alone. I did find some restraint in my behavior. The rice soaked up a lot of the sauce and good thing because I'd still be bent if I didn't get it all.My bf ordered the CHURRASCO Y CHIMMICHURRI. The steak was cooked with the perfection of the finest steakhouse worldwide. Even he mentioned that he wanted to eat as slowly as possible to savor every morsel. It was divine...I still can't believe he shared.My bf's daughter ordered the Paella, and I'm not a big fan of saffron, but I'll tell you each piece of seafood was perfection. Everything was amazing, and as usual the service was great and the ambiance was charming without being uncomfortable~This quaint restaurant really inspires me to visit Cuba. When it becomes legal of course.
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,7/25/2007,39,124,,5,1>I was visiting friends in Denver from Los Angeles and they recommended going to this sushi joint. I was pretty sceptical considering that I came to Denver from the city that has some of the best sushi restaurants, but decided to give it a try. The wait wasn't very fun (around an hour) on a Saturday night and apparently they don't take reservations on Friday and Saturday nights. However after a few drinks, it didn't matter. Then came the sushi....and I must say I was impressed. It was almost as good as my favorite sushi place in LA. The fish was fresh fresh fresh! The drinks were good. And our waiter was awesome - he even gave us a dish I was contemplating for free! Overall a great sushi experience if you're in Denver. Just try to avoid Friday or Saturday nights, unless you go around 10pm when the crowds die down and the happy hour begins! (We stayed late enough to take advantage of it and the total bill ended up being very reasonable, drinks included).p.s. I read that there is only one other location of this restaurant and it's in Japan, so it's supposed to be pretty authentic. Not sure why they picked Denver to expand, but good for Colorado I guess. :)
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2007,7/24/2007,220,480,4,6,3>Damn you South Park! Because of you I wanted to come here when I visited Denver. I just couldn't imagine that a restaurant could possibly exist with cliff divers and dancing monkeys inside.  But such a place DOES exist and I had the joy/displeasure of eating there. Okay the good. If you are like me, and have an inexplicable obsession with kitschy crap, you will totally appreciate the decor, the cheesy gun battles, and of course the aforementioned cliff divers. The bad -- if you are like me and love Mexican food, you will be disappointed by what you get here. The food is not great and the margaritas are weak (spring for the fajitas though... it's the best thing they have, avoid the enchiladas which glow a scary radioactive color).  Oh, and don't be fooled by the signs saying there are dancing monkeys. There aren't cute little organ grinder monkeys dressed up and dancing. They are just guys in gorilla suits. If there WERE real monkeys dancing, then this place would easily warrant four stars.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,7/23/2007,126,449,,6,2>Although Woody's is overrun by large families during regular dining hours, I've discovered that they're great for a late-night drink and snack.  The wings are amazing, the pizzas are very creative (and yummy!) and their beer selection is great.  If beer's not your bag, you've got to try a Muy Fuerte Margarita.  They're made with secret ingredients and you're only allowed two... they sure make the night interesting!  And trivia on Sunday nights is awesome, there's a real, live trivia announcer and there's a real ballot box where you drop your team's written answer before the end of the next song.  It's not that trivia on the television screen... it's legit!
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,7/22/2007,7,23,3,4,5>I can't believe that this restaurant hasn't been rated yet!  Dim Sum Every day!  It is tucked away in the south west corner of the asian shopping center on Federal, just south of Alameda.  There are two entrances, one to the main restaurant, and the other goes into the section where they sell assorted meats and baked goods.  Use the entrance to the main restaurant if you don't want to see the ducks and pork hanging up.  Furthermore, if you do use the other door, resist the urge to peer into the vat of  "Assorted Delicacies", as you will get stuck there trying to figure out what it all is.  You can find a lot more authentic chinese dishes here than your neighborhood take out joint.  Try the dim sum menu in the afternoon sometime.  There is a wide variety of dumplings and buns, but don't limit yourself to those.  The spareribs in black bean sauce and chicken foot soup is good too.  (You can tell by now that fat doesn't scare me).  You can get Chrysanthemum tea here!  I had no idea it even existed until I came here with a vietnamese woman and she ordered it.  I don't think it is on the menu.  Look in the top and you'll find a whole flower.Since I got stuck on the dim sum menu, I haven't tried many of the main dishes, but they look good.  You'll find the usual american-chinese menu items, but most of it seems to be authentic.  However, I the closest I have been to China was Bahrain.The menu boasts 10 different soups, not including the noodle soups they serve.  Meats and seafood include pork, duck, "delicacies", chicken, abalone, lobster, crab, fish, whole fish, oysters, squid, scallops, and sea cucumber.  Plenty of room for adventure.  The staff here has been nothing but exceedingly kind and accomodating to me and my friends.  I don't go here enough to be honest.  Take an afternoon off, plan a few hours for dim sum and wandering the center.  There is a large trinket shop on the ground floor of the building that faces the east.  There are some cool teapots, the weirdest shoes you will ever see, a huge variety of incense and burners, dried foods, and other craziness.  Check out the candy section if you are hooked on japanese candy.  I challenge you to look closely enough here to find a hilarious box of breast enlargement cream (not in the candy section).  The staff that I have encountered here are super nice.  Check out the markets for hard to find items.  Beware, the market in the northwest corner has a "unique" odor to it that some of my friends can't hack.  It seems to have gotten considerably better the last couple times I was there.  On the ground floor of the building that faces south, there is a vietnamese restaurant that looks hella good from the pictures in the window.  There is boba near here too.  Go a ways to the east and check out the bakery.  I always take away some baked pork buns and fried sesame balls filled with sweet red bean paste.  It kinda bothered me at first that nothing was refrigerated here, but I haven't gotten sick yet.  Don't look at the north wall in this place.  You'll find more "delicacies".  Every time I go in this place, they look at me like I have two heads.  Also there are a few jewelry shops in the center that carry high grade jade and other expensive luxuries that I am not particularly interested in.This center is a recommended hang out for a little asian culture.  Have fun.  Maybe I'll see you there.
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,7/21/2007,13,27,16,5,4>Easily the best Mexican restaurant in Denver. From the jukebox to the free tequila shots occasionally dispensed by the bartender, this place is muy authentico. I even saved my relationship here - I was hooked on Guatemalan cough syrup and my relationship was in trouble because I had this side thing going with this chick that had appeared in Leg Show Magazine. To save our relationship, we decided to take a vacation to romantic Mt Rushmore, where the Declaration of Independence was signed.Even that idea went bad - my night companion Amy caught me in the men's room of an Arby's committing an indignity with a transgendered trucker. It could've went either way but I bought her some Black Hills gold and a little purse sewn by a real Indian. When we got back to Denver I treated her to carnitas at Tia Maria and we've been together ever since!
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,7/20/2007,6,17,,3,4>This place is close to my parents' home, so we go frequently when I visit. It is, for me, a much-needed change of scene from all the cookie-cutter family restaurant chains and fast food joints that make up the culinary landscape of Denver's northwestern suburbs. Their lunch buffet provides an excellent sampling of standard Indian restaurant fare like sag paneer (spinach with soft cheese)  chicken tika masala, chicken curry, basmati rice, lentils, lamb, sweet potato masala, rice byriani (basmati rice w/veggies and spices). They also have a great selection of chutneys and desserts like mango custard and rice pudding. It's hard to beat for variety and price at $8.95 a head. ...and don't forget to order the mango lassi!! Yumm!
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,7/19/2007,17,80,11,7,4>I just saw three kids get naked in the pool, and then get arrested in just towels!By kids I mean people in their early 20s who want to show off their junk and shake it in public.  Basically, don't skinny dip during the day....you might get arrested.
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,7/17/2007,0,0,2,3,2>And the award for worst bar name ever goes to: Sengers on the Fax! Seriously...what? This place used to be the Longhorn. So imagine my hesitance upon entering for the first time. But yowza! Sengers is such a pretty, pretty bar. In the main room there is this huge blown-up movie still of Elvis, framed by a pair of hot legs (Ann-Margret's?), which you can see from the street. The upstairs back patio is also spectacular, and much more intimate than the main room. The drinks here are a tad on the pricey side, but worth a visit once in a while.
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,7/16/2007,164,541,3,6,6>This used to be Ocean Journey but they discovered it was hard to keep a full blown aquarium running in the middle of a land locked state.  As a result it sunk and some aquarium chain place bought it and I guess make enough money to keep it going as an attraction and a resturant.  Regardless it is pretty much the same as is used to be but with an added shipwreck/Life Aquatic Theme.  It can be a bit cheesy at times but the tanks and exhibits are virtually unchanged.  The only thing noticably lost was the large sea otter tank in the entryway which is where I assume the resturant is.  I can't vouce for the resturant that is another review.The attactions here are just amazing especially for Colorado massive tanks with sea turtles and sharks even areas with local fish and wild-life.  They even have a rare breed of tiger living there.  I was worried it would be a big let down after the change of management but it was just as good and if they can make it work then it is a great addition to Denver.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2007,7/15/2007,114,440,1,6,3>A small little coffee shop in a strip mall area of Englewood next to city hall.  Look for it, it's hard to miss with it's location on the cul de sac.  The americano I am currently sipping is full of flavor.  Not overpowering as a shot of pure leaded espresso, but not watery as some other coffee concoctions I've had.  A little hungry I'm looking for some nibbles.  No I don't want a scone or a brownie. Nothing health in site, though their chocolate is organic.  My stomach starts to yelp for joy when the barista suggests the Pumpkin Chocolate chunk bread.  OMG... yumm.  Knowing that I'm going out to dinner tonight, I'm using all of my willpower not to devour the entire thick ultra moist slice.    With only two people behind the bar, orders appear slowly.  The quality of your drink along with the pleasant demeanor of the clerks make the wait worthwhile.Thank goodness for alternatives to Starbucks.   Oh yea.. free wifi!
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,7/13/2007,72,410,3,4,5>Cali and Mo is a sort of vintage clothing store, found right smack in the middle of da' chains. Walking around, you could tell that this was a store for the stylish lady, seeing as how my stylish lady said as much.So we are talking 50's sort of style here, but with a sense of humor that was lacking in the 50's. And if my lady friend did not go ape-shit on this shabby-chic place...!So yeah, if you are a stylish lady with a flair for vintage, then this is your store, fo sho
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,7/12/2007,54,301,2,3,2>I've lost count of how many times I've burned the roof of my mouth throwing down a slice from Two Fisted Mario's.  It's so darn-doodly good.  I know it's hot, I know the mozzarella just came out of a 500 degree oven but it doesn't matter. Once the pizza is in my hand its to good to wait for it to cool down.  Don't go to late at night, this place gets mobbed.  I suggest ordering from the really cool bar next door.  They will bring it to you at the bar for your enjoyment.   BTW the pizza is hot out of the oven....
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,7/11/2007,5,272,2,5,3>Alright, I admit it, I was introduced to this place not by my own explorations of Denver or through the recommendation of friends, but rather by the Food Network. I'm a Food Network junkie, and they did a great profile of this place. But whatever it takes to introduce people to this incredible locally owned business.Sure enough, the next week I was in the neighborhood for a happening at the nearby House of Commons English tea room and cruised by the store. The Savory Spice Shop is not hard to find. That doesn't mean that it's easy to spot--it's easy to smell. Even when it's closed you can smell the sweetness oozing through the door. You are going to find exotic and not-so-exotic spices here to jazz up your culinary excursions, and they're fresher than anything you're going to get at Safeway.This place is a wet dream for anyone who's ever dreamed of having their own cooking show, of which I'm guilty. But hey, you don't need to be Emeril to dig this place.
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,7/10/2007,8,15,,4,3>First off, if you are a beer aficionado, the Falling Rock is really the place to go in Denver.  Not only do they have an astonishing selection on tap, they also have a number of rare and seasonal artisan bottled beers, including some of my favourites from Belgium that are typically hard to locate.They get an additional star for me for carrying my fave single malt scotch (Balvenie), as well as for a knowledgeable staff.The place is meandering, with a large, dark and comfy upstairs and downstairs.  Pool tables downstairs usually aren't overloaded and there's a big corner full of squashy chairs inside (for cold nights) and an outdoor patio (for warm nights).They lose the fifth star for me for a couple minor quibbles.  Their food is terrible.  Appalling, actually.  But, it's about what I've come to expect for serious drinking abodes.  You want a decent meal, go elsewhere; it's not like you can't find decent grub in LoDo... if you can't, you're obviously too drunk to function.   Also, the service can be spotty and forgetful, as other reviewers have noted.  Lastly, and this is my biggest quibble:  the beer menu is shockingly out of date.  I think the last time they printed it up was around 2 years ago.  Come ON, get with the program!  I don't want to be tempted with a rare Blaugies, only to be told 'oh we haven't had that one in months...'Anyway, all things considered, if you're into good beer and a dungy, comfy, dive-y scene and maybe want to shoot a couple rounds of stick with the lads, you can't go wrong.As with any joint in downtown / LoDo, you'd be best to leave the cage elsewhere.  Parking anywhere nearby can be a real beeyotch, and if you do find a space, be prepared to pay for it.
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,7/8/2007,18,33,5,3,3>Are you Sick of the Home Depot monkeys darting for the break room, climbing up ladders or walking-aimlessly away from you as you step one foot through the door? There is a great True Value Hardware store at 48th and Pecos!  I needed a copper pipe with a lever to regain the luxury of hot water.  Upon arriving, I was disheartened to find that the store had moved.  But as I was turning around, I saw that they had just moved to a building behind the previous location.  As I  walked through the door, I was promptly greeted by whom I will call DJ Mike (DJ Mike saw my TV on the Radio shirt and told me he was a DJ for an older, Denver radio station called Y108).  I said,   "Mike, I need a copper pipe with a lever on it."  (That's a technical term for you laymen).  He said, "Right this way!"  While we were walking to some aisle in the store, he was telling me about partying with Madonna and George Michael before they were famous and on the A-hole celebrity list; But I was having my own little flashback.  I used to listen to Y108 as a kid and it reminded me of that Roxette song, "She's Got the Look".  (If I had only stopped there).  "She's Got the Look" reminded me of the 3rd grade talent show when I painted half of my face like a woman, wore one high-heeled shoe (on the woman-face side) and lip-synced the words (guy and girl parts) to that song accordingly.  Uh...yeah...I'm sure I can omit the whole gimme-your-lunch-money cliche.  Anyway, DJ Mike said, "Here we are!"  I grabbed the copper pipe and said,"Cool, see ya!"     Some of you maybe asking yourself, where does a 8 year-old boy get the idea to dress up as a woman?  Answer: God damn Star Search.  Some of you maybe asking yourself, what does that even have anything to do with True Value Hardware?  Answer: Two part - I guess there are some things we should keep to ourselves and now I'm going to have that song in my head for the rest of the day, especially the "NaNa-NaNa-Na" part.
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,7/7/2007,41,234,1,5,2>Impress someone!Sweep down the massive grand staircase to this opulent restaurant and prepare to be greeted by the starry night sky. The ceiling is studded with fiber optic lights and looks remarkably like the real thing, well, minus the exit sign floating out in space. While the surroundings at this restaurant are posh, the staff will treat you like royalty and never give you any 'tude. We arrived for dinner prior to a show at the Buell, with only slightly more than an hour until curtain. Our waiter was extremely prompt and helpful, keeping us on schedule without making us feel rushed, and making sure we weren't late for our show.The wine selection was excellent and the coupon that came with our theatre tickets for a free glass of wine yielded a large glass of Coppola Shiraz. I ordered a lemon drop martini and, I have to say, I have never tasted a better Lemon Drop! Kudos to the bartender! It tasted just like a Lemon Head. We ordered the Spring Morel Risotto (Morel and Fava Bean Ragout, Porcini Creme Fraiche) and Veal Scallopini Marsala (Oven-dried Prosciutto, Potato Pure, Fried Sage), which came out of the kitchen quickly. Both were delicious! The risotto was creamy and delicate, but I would have preferred more Morels, they are spectacular. I also thought the portion of risotto was a bit small, I don't need a Cheesecake Factory size portion, but just enough so I can feel secure I won't be hungry again before the evening is over.We even had just enough time to order dessert: Strawberries n' Cream Ice Cream Sandwich (Chewy Brownie Cake, Fresh Berry Syrup). Yummy! Some real strawberries as garnish (or otherwise incorporated) would have put it over the top into perfection.Ambiance: 5 stars!Service: 5 stars!Drinks: 5 stars!Food: 4 stars!If you really want to go all out for a date, or just an incredible evening on the town with the Hubby, buy some theatre tix and have a magical evening under the Opera House at Kevin Taylor's.
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,7/6/2007,43,107,,7,5>100rolls.comthe BEST sushi in denver!  my wife and i love going here.  the rolls are unique, the sushi quality is excellent, the waitresses are these charming ladies, they make good drinks (although i usually have asahi myself).i STRONGLY suggest the snyder roll, it's my favorite.the place is small, so i'd suggest going a bit early or bringing something to read :-)  i dont believe they take reservations either.it's small and not too fancy, but trust me - worth it!  also, the owner is often here, mingling and chatting, he's very nice and will answer questions and make suggestions for you.all my friends who i've reco'ed it - love me for it.
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,7/5/2007,70,23,4,5,6>Yes, rockabilly is the word.  Fun vintage cars and bikes line the street as greasers check for their combs in their back pockets.  Packs of cigarettes are rolled in shirtsleeves covering smoking cessation patches.  The patio outside is the perfect place to inhale this addiction.  Inside, old cowboys kick back and critique the billiard table.  The band gets a bit blurry with each new beer but they are sure to keep a consistent beat even when you find yourself stepping on your own toes.  There is a constant ebb a flow to the facilities from the consumption of the frothy cold beer.  This place has a fantastic down-home feeling and is too Colorado for a Cosmo crowd.  This slightly seedy bar is sultry in its appeal.  I certainly felt like Nancy Drew in this place although I totally appreciated this classic crowd.  If you are from Colorado and you feel like you are forgetting your roots this is the rockin good time that will help you remember.
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2007,7/4/2007,22,41,5,6,3>i love this place. if you're are in need of sausage then go no where else. summers here and you might be firing up the grill, what could be better than a little hand held wonder of encased meats! if you eat oscar meyer hot dogs then quit reading. continental sausage is a full service german deli that specializes in hmm hmm take a guess-SAUSAGE! knockwurst, bratwurst, swiss sausage, buffalo blue cheese jalapeno, andouille, etc etc. having you been missing a little bratwurst soaked in avalance ale in your life? well put on your leiderhosen and waltz right over! many of the sausages are fresh and made in house! some are frozen but are still great.this place just satifies that little yearning for a german deli we all have deep down. in addition to sausages they have a great selection of german and european groceries for the scnitzel fanatic in you, as well as lunch specials for dining in, great saurkraut, and red cabbage! the staff is a bunch of sweethearts in their funny little hats w balls on top and aprons! continental sausage will have you twirling around like a nun turned nanny! their phone number is 303-3880-deli, haAuf Wiedersehen!
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2006,7/3/2007,105,388,1,3,3>If you love books and music, you've found heaven when you step through the doors at Black and Read. Don't bother going unless you've either made a list of specific items you're searching for, or you have several hours to look til your heart is content.extra bonus: the kitschy stuff... I found a used "Family Feud" board game for under a dollar! there are also tons of videos (VHS) and DVDs.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2007,7/2/2007,63,116,,4,4>First, I must admit that I have a thing for 'Supper Club' Establishments.  Even if there is no club at all and it's just a quaint title and that of course is the case with the Wazee Supper Club.Built like a diner with black and white checked floors, the Supper Club is a place where you instantly know that the onion rings and tuna melt will be good.  They HAVE been in business for 30 years.  And then you realize that:1. They have pizza.2.  The pizza is world-famous...or at least that's what the menu says.  And I had to check it out.I am a pizza snob.  It's one of my favorite foods.  I am a cheese and bread hound and let me tell you...this is some good eatin' Also, the waitstaff are super nice.  We walked in on a Saturday night after a show at Comedy Works around 9pm with 15 people and they were so awesome about finding room for us.
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/16/2007,7/1/2007,33,205,,4,1>It's a bbq place.  Really nice decor and ambiance.  I really like that they are on Colfax, and help it make a great street.As for the food, i think it is too sweet.  The green beans were overcooked.  The portions were good though.This restaurant is CLOSED now.  There is a chicken place instead.
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2007,6/30/2007,7,18,2,6,4>If you're up in the middle of the night, hungry and needing to get out for a bite to eat. Try McCoys on Federal Blvd. The food is pretty good and they're open all night! I've been going to McCoys off and on for quite a few years. Mostly when nothing else is open. They've been around for years in northwest Denver and get a lot of business from truckers coming off of I-70. You'll also see Denver's guys in blue dining there very frequently. Varied menu and good service. An old standby in my book.
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,6/29/2007,56,148,3,6,5>In the midst of a weekend of happy hours and baseball games, a girlfriend and I took an afternoon off for high tea.  I'll give the disclaimer that neither of us are the type that generally eat little miniature sandwiches and drink tea, but the Brown Palace is amazingly beautiful and classy without being overly stuffy.  Our server was happy to explain the different "tea options" for us novices, and since we were there more for the atmosphere than the food, she offered to let us split one tray of tasty treats with two pots of tea and two glasses of champagne- lovely, indeed!
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,6/28/2007,79,146,,5,3>My last boss raved about this place.  He talked about how great it was and how the service was bar none and just on and on.  I didn't go.  Then he decided that our Christmas party had to be there.  He was the President of the company so what choice did I have.  I went over to book the party.  First thought was, "ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?"  I was there just afternoon and there were some questionable looking fellows just down the street hanging out.  The building was not impressive.  Then I went in and it was so fantastic.  There are all these old photos on the wall and this great wooden bar when you firs walk in.  Even better you are greeted as if you are a regular.  This is an old Italian restaurant- true authentic.  The food is exactly what you want in Italian food.  Hands down some of the best chicken parmesan in the city.  The thick homemade spaghetti is absolutely mouth watering.  O.K. so everything I've had has been fantastic.  They get what homemade Italian is supposed to be.In addition to wonderful food the waiters are friendly and attentive, but not overly so.  They smile and they care if their diners are getting a good experience.  That's as important as the food to me (see my other reviews as proof.)Yes, definitely a winner.
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,6/27/2007,233,277,2,19,7>The only previous review of this restaurant was very negative, and I am glad I went here before reading it!My experience was completely different, and here is why:1) Fresh Fish - The most important aspect of any Sushi restaurant, regardless of price.  As we all know, this is what makes sushi an amazing experience.2) The friends I went with are almost family with the owners, so we received the extra special treatment, and the meal stretched over 3 hours.3) Delicious steamed and friend shrimp and crab dumplings.  Amazing...4) Steamed edamame, extra bowls =)5) We ordered a massive amount of sushi:   Lobster Roll   Nigiri Sampler (15 pc)   Spicy Tuna Roll (2 orders)   Rainbow roll   Fatty Tuna Sashimi   Stripped Bass Sashimi      ...and some I can't remember.  IT WAS ALL DELICIOUS!  Super fresh and melt in your mouth satisfying!6) Sake bombs!  What is a night of sushi with out this American debauchery?7) Excellent service - like I said, we were treated like family, including reviewing six photo albums from the owners son's recent wedding =).8) Dessert was fried cheese cake with vanilla ice cream, deliciously rich!I have eaten sushi in 7 different states, including Hawaii (which should have a corner on the market) and Sushi Tokoro ranks in with the best of them.Luckily my boss picked up the check on this one =), but the prices seemed very reasonable.  Most important, the fish was fresh and delicious!Check this place out, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,6/25/2007,39,332,2,3,4>One of my favorite events in Denver.  It is a really cool scene and crowd that meets every first Friday to view the galleries.  Yes it is true there is wine and food, but for me it is going there with friends and just having a good time walking around in and out of galleries learning and being inspired.  My favorites are Space Gallery and 4 Art Studios.
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,6/23/2007,5,14,9,10,9>I'm almost hesitant to give this one away... this is my secret Asian treasure, the place that never fails to provide exquisite Friday night takeout when I don't want to cook and I crave flavorful, tangy, carby delights.  Hell, I don't even have to drive, I just call them and they bring it all to me!  Fortune cookie say, "Don't bother lazy ass... we come to your house (in bed??)"First of all, don't let the name throw you.  It should really be called Beijing-Ho Chi Minh City Express!  They don't do Japanese food, and Peking is so 12th century!  I asked them about it once and the server explained they didn't bother changing the name when they bought the restaurant.  Talk about lazy ass!Name, schmame... this places ROCKS!  They do Chinese, Vietnamese and a little bit of Thai food that is just the best.  I'm always on the Saigon side of the menu.  I cannot get enough of their "noodle bowls."  My fave is the grilled pork, with a sliced crunchy egg roll on top of plain thin rice noodles, chopped fresh cucumbers and cilantro, sprinkled with peanuts, with a whole cup of "fish sauce" to drizzle on top.  Oh my Friday Jesus, is that to die for!  Huge portion, enough for two, but keep your friggin' chopsticks to yourself!  Hubby is a little more dis-oriented and seems to prefer the Chinese standards including almond chicken and kung pao beef.  I consider those two pretty bland in other restaurants, but something they do to the sauce makes them extremely desireable.  Just like he is after dinner.And if that weren't enough to make you drive over to West Bumfart Lakewood, the price!  The price!  Not much at all!  These dishes are all under $10!  We have dined in, once, and the place isn't the most picturesque... kind of a dingy 70s strip mall, but the strippers left town on the last bus.  But don't let that stop you.  Call up and get take out or, if you're near enough, call for delivery.  It's on Wadsworth, just north of Hampden.  If you're in the 'hood for a death in the family, it's just south of the big funeral home.  If no one has died recently, make it happen... you'll be glad you did!
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,6/12/2007,6/22/2007,302,741,3,4,3>What can I say but two words: Hotel. Food.The Boulevard Bistro is the resident food establishment of the Four Points Denver at Cherry Creek.  Nothing to get my foodie panties in a bunch, that's for sure.  I ordered the blackened chicken with rice pilaf and veggies.  The chicken was actually good, not the least bit dry.  Then there were the veggies - how does one screw up veggies?  If you want to learn, come on by!I was too full to order dessert, and now the apple pie is calling my name.  I think it's time to call room service!  I'll let you know how that goes!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~Just had the apple pie and coffee delivered via room service.  I'm so let down =(Pie was okay - Ice Cream was freezer burned and skimpy.  Coffee was lukewarm.*sigh* I just want to go home!
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,6/21/2007,3,22,4,4,3>The Palm appears to be the go to place for Denver's movers and shakers.  Every time I go in there for lunch I see high profile attorneys, lobbyists and entrepreneurs, lined up where they can get the maximum possible exposure.  All over the walls are cartoon caricatures of the powers that be.  I can't help but wonder how all those caricatures got there on the day the Palm first opened.  Did all of those folks show up to get drawn at the pre-opening festivities?  Maybe the Palm had its cartoonist do the drawings from Denver Post Archives on the theory:  If we draw them, they will come?   It just makes you wonder. I should have paid more attention to the food, which was actually pretty good...just in case you wanted to go there for that...which I doubt.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2007,6/20/2007,64,134,3,6,3>When traveling alone, I like to eat at the bar.  It's simpler, quicker, and more interesting: there is usually a TV, a chatty bartender, or other random people to talk to if your reading material isn't particularly alluring.  Again, after talking to some of the more well-traveled and hip citizens of Albuquerque, the Magnolia Hotel and its bar were highly praised.  I stopped in on a not-so-busy night.  Harry's Bar is on the ground floor and corner of the Magnolia Hotel.  It has that retro 60's chic-space-age thing going on with lava-lamp like fixtures and I really want to say shag carpetting (but I might just be making that up.  But shag carpetting wouldn't be out of place here).  The bartender and staff were friendly and chatty, but not obnoxiously so.  Clientele included business tourists, locals (including Denver's brand of hipsters), and a couple of cougs out after work: so a good wide range of peeps.  Good choice of liquors, small wine list (don't expect anything outrageous here), and a decent selection of beers.  Victuals consisted of upscale bar food: great selection of large plates/platters to share with a big group of friends (mini-cheesburgers, fondue, etc) and a few choices for the lone diner.  Nothing on the menu really piqued my interest so I went for the standard cheese quesadilla.  Since it was "upscale" bar food, I wasn't expecting the greatest quesadilla and I was right.  It was decent, but they added "upscale" details like roasted peppers and accompanied by an "upscale" pico de gallo.  Now why?  Why?  Why bother?  That said, it was a decent and I wasn't coming to Harry's BAR for some sort of gustatory sensation: the quesadilla fulfilled its duty.  Harry's seems like a great place to get drinks with friends.  It is a bit small so I imagine it gets crowded on the weekends.  I don't really know anything about the Denver scene so can't really put this place into context.  I do know if this place was in LA, it would likely do fairly well.  And who knows?  If it was an SBE venture, Hohan(post rehab) and Paris (post jail sentence) would probably be there too...
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,6/19/2007,320,975,1,7,3>Being here for the first time in year 2000.  Eversince then I have fallen in love with this place.  Now I was back again, for the weekend.  It never disappoint me.Awesome awesome place and location!  Cant explain why I just love this place!Though its a drive a way from where I live, I told my husband we should make a trip like once a month at Red Rocks.With its natural beauty and never ending beautiful surroundings, its indeed a majestic park and place to go for Tourist, Denverites, Coloradoans and transplants alike.To bad, there's lots of sign showing the "NO Climbing"....Its indeed a place that I would give HUNDRED stars!!!Bring lots of water, sunblock cream, a good pair of tennis shoes or hiking shoes to explore Red Rocks.  I was there over the weekend, lots of people are training, exercising or working out, and a event was scheduled for that night.RED ROCKS RAWKS!!Hmmm, I think I should attend one of the concerts in the future at Red Rocks one day... so I can have an update of this place or something.. *Thinking hard*... with God's willing.PS: I heard there is relipica somewhere in San Diego, California.. a small version of Red Rocks... Can anyone, comment on that?  Greatly appreciate it...
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2006,6/18/2007,1596,259,23,5,11>Scary Republican Decor!OMG, the vestibule walls of this restaurant are covered with 4 foot tall smiley pictures of George W, George Sr, Dick Cheney, and other Republican hot shots with the owner.  Some say that this is the place that George W orders from when he's in CO- I say that the owner Dan is probably the biggest GOP contributor in the area.  There is even a framed watch (George W's?) with a hand written note from the White House.The owner Dan seemed nice, he even told me that he was better looking than George W. when he saw me scrutinizing the photos.  I appreciate the extra rice he added to my large to-go order, but yikes, the GW shrine is a huge turn off.  When it comes to politics, to each his own.  But the place is super popular.  Don't be surprised if you have to wait.
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2007,6/17/2007,140,191,,8,4>Calling this a four-star restaurant might be very slightly exaggerating, but I feel I must to compete with those wildly overblown Jerusalem reviews (you know what I'm talking about). ATMOSPHERE: While this restaurant is in a strip mall and you aren't likely to forget it, there are real tablecloths, glasses made of glass, and ceramic dishes. And it's clean. The booths and chairs are a bit mix-matched to the fun gold walls and middle eastern textiles.SERVICE: Super friendly although laid back. Great for enjoying a leisurely lunch with friends, probably not a good idea if you've only got a minute before your movie starts. FOOD: Fantastic and amazingly cheap. I got a falafel sandwich ($3.45) and some tabouleh ($2.95). The most expensive thing we ordered was some shrimp appetizers ($4.95 -- still under $5). Platters were more ($8-$9 or so) but could apparently feed an army for a week.  Those shrimp appetizers? They actually elicited a moan from my man. If you knew him, that factoid would make you grab your keys to drive over to Beirut Grill right now. He doesn't moan easily. The Baba Ganouj was also really good. The pitas were warm and soft. I could probably make a lunch out of the pitas alone.Good for vegetarians, good for carnivores. I can't wait to go back and try more things!Please give this little restaurant a chance! They are fairly new and need and deserve your business. Bookmark now!!
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2007,6/16/2007,33,55,4,3,4>Steubens.  Silly name, I know.  Seriously, say it way too fast and it's "stupid's."  But, no, no way, it's not stupid, it's freakin' awesome!  An old auto-garage turned into a retro--yet modern--diner, Steuben's is definitely THE new place to eat, drink, and, well, be merry on summer evening!  Oh, plus, they have two kickin' outdoor patios--great to sit, eat a great burger (um, with cheese, please), and people watch.  Go there and you'll run into a pierced-punk-rocker and an Abercrombie-clad cutie; Steuben's definitely runs the gamut and does it well!    Oh, plus, Steuben's has the best fries I've ever had.  So, come on, rebel, cheat on that no-carb diet.  ;)...the only things that sucks is the parking--so, just be prepared (you girl scout you) and bring an extra buck to pay for a spot in the lot.
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,6/15/2007,12,26,3,10,6>Fantastic Food best describes this place! Don't be put off by the tables being covered in plastic. As you dive into the salsa and fresh warm chips, you'll understand why the tables have the grandma-like plastic coverings. I had to drop one star from this place as the chips and salsa yet good, are not complimentary after the first helping. A charge of $1.50 for extra chips and salsa caused me to drop one star from this review as I never saw this charge posted.  I had the "Combination #2". Chicken burrito with one beef and one cheese enchilada. The order was prepared quickly and the freshness was superb.  My standard for rating Mexican food is based highly off of the fried ice cream. If you have enough room, GET IT.  A fried cinnamon and sugar shell encompasses a wallop of ice cream with a fried crunchy, yet smooth outer coating with wells of strawberry and chocolate syrups. Shared among two, or horded for yourself, it is highly recommended.
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2007,6/14/2007,3,4,1,8,2>Let me preface this by saying I have a long term, ongoing thing with Mad Greens.  Several years age when I worked down by Park Meadows mall in chain restaurant hell, their single (at the time) location was my go-to lunch place ~ 2-3 times per week.   When I changed jobs to the Cherry Creek area, imagine how thrilled I was when they simultaneously opened a new location not 1 mile from my office!  My co-workers and I would order and pick up lunch at least once a week.  Then, they started delivering.  How fantastic!  Well, it would be if they were at all consistent.  Several times, we have called and been told that  "We aren't  delivering today."  This actually happened once after we had had delivery just the previous day!  The consistency issue has also translated to their quality.  Several times, we have recieved orders that look as if the lettuce has been dunked in hot water and have even had some intestinal issues after lunches here.  I love the fact that they are a small-ish local restaurant and they have great salads; I just wish they would work on making it a consistent experience to eat there.
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2007,6/13/2007,117,412,5,7,7>Ah, the 'Ol Imp Chin....an annual event for my family on Chinese NY (CNY)...they host a lion dance with TWO Lions, and they have lovely food and great service.  We only come here 2-3x/year because it's a longer drive for us (well really long from California) and 'cause of the price- We used to rent the back room, but our family is too big to fit now so we are always in the middle of the excitement. It's AWEsome 'cause there's 5 other vegetarians in our group of 18 so when they deliver our food they pile it on that huge lazy susan and it rolls around like a conveyor belt - there's tons of delicious veggie dishes to choose from.....fat noodles, veggie dumplings, chinese broccoli,  mu shu, scallion pancakes..... Maybe it's all of the family memories, but I just love this place, from the beautiful fish in the aquariums to the carved wooden display cases. Food wise, you can pick anything and be happy. Seriously, I have played menu roulette here many times and never been disappointed. Epicure Highlight:: Get the Sesame Tofu even if you're NOt veg- all of the meat-eaters at the table scarf this one up as quickly as the veg-heads- despite being tofu, it's somehow magically crunchy and sesame-y, they get the seeds to stick to the side of it with a quick batter dip or something-served with a sweet/spicy sauce, (strangely) with halved cherry tomatoes- I don't get why the tomatoes are included but you're not going to have room for them anyway, you're eating crunchy, spicy, sweet, yummy tofu. On the meat end of the deal....My husband has had the duck, the whole fish with ginger, garlic and scallion sauce (excellent!!) , and multiple beef dishes- he reports back that they are prepared well and of good quality. I would happily pay the price to eat here again, it's got great service, clean and nicely decorated interiors, and excellent food.  Good Chinese is hard to come by in Colorado but this place knows what they're doing- I wish them hundreds of  years of success.
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2006,6/12/2007,66,129,,3,2>i am ADDICTED to the chargrilled fish taco plate at wahoo's!  so delicious, drenched in so much lime, and they don't look at me like i'm crazy for bringing in my own sea salt shaker.  i love nothing in this entire food world more, than a giant Pepsi (i know, i'm so gross!) and a plateful of chargrilled fish tacos from Wahoo's with a side of their french fries.  yum!
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2007,6/11/2007,1,8,,5,2>OK, so this place basically rocks.  The girl who cuts my hair told me about it, and how good the chicken shawarma is.  Turns out she's right and I'm addicted.  The chicken apparently marinates for two days and has this amazing garlic kick to it, among other spices.  It's right across from the capitol on grant and colfax.  I like their salads as well, and the hummus and pitas they use are always great.  But go for the chicken shawarma, never tasted any better than this place. This is a hidden gem.
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,6/9/2007,4,6,,3,>I love this store!  It's got a very diverse inventory for cats and dogs. It's got a wide range of treats and foods that are not suspect to potential health problems (I personally feed my dog Chicken Soup for the Dog Lover's Soul -- good food with a cheesy name). Great prices, too -- the aforementioned food costs less here than at some big-box pet stores. The people there are so friendly it's like you're walking into a friend's house.
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,6/8/2007,16,53,2,8,4>I was thinking of beer (happens quite often) and suddenly Wynkoop popped into my head: I remember the sampler two of my co-diners had, of which pretty much everyone partook. If memory serves well, there were about a dozen small glasses of various beers, spanning a truly interesting range of flavors and colors. Very memorable indeed!I was in Denver just under a week for a conference, and although I didn't explore much, this was definitely the place I'd come back to if I ever go to Denver again. Beside the beer the food American-style and excellent.Now if memory serves well, the rest of the evening we... huh, I don't remember!
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/30/2007,6/7/2007,22,33,,4,1>They are known for their Tamales and I'll tell you why. They are pretty damn good. The largest chunks of pork I have ever seen in a Tamale and some of the most flavorful. I had the Tamale plate (two Pork Tamales smothered, rice and beans, 6.00) The Green Chile was a tad on the watery side but still very tasty. This is a small storefront masking a giant Tamale Factory in back. Pretty cool check it out.
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2007,6/6/2007,129,171,2,3,1>Ah, the delicious incongruity.  Pizza.  Mexican food.  Together at last.  But I kid.  Sort of.This review is for Piccolo's PIZZA.  Which is awesome.  Their mexican food, well: not-so-much.But if you want a gorgeous, thin crust pie, hot out of the oven with some kind of black peppery tasting pepperoni, this is your place.  Nay, your nirvana.Best pepperoni pizza in Denver.   Mmmmm...pizza...
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/5/2007,32,2,,5,>Ended up staying here on a business trip; it was the closest to the conference hotel & under the per diem limit. It was a nice 4 or 5 block walk to the conference, and this hotel was a nice change to the usual chain hotels. Nice plush room, quiet, helpful staff - my only gripe was the $10/day for Internet. Plenty of places to eat & drink within walking distance as well - I would suggest the Uptown Tavern [yelp.com/biz/QlSeTz15ZDZ.Would definitely stay here again if given the opportunity.Web site:warwickdenver.com
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2007,6/4/2007,14,46,3,3,2>Yet another reason to love Denver. I would compare this movie house to the Music Box in Chicago (I've also written about this theater) in that both theaters were opened and thrived during the heyday of cinema in the late 20s and early 30s, both theaters fell into disrepair and mismanagement once theaters nationwide began moving into suburban malls and television cut down box office revenue, and both theaters have found their niche in indie, foreign and classic film with a younger, urban audience. It's theaters like the Mayan and the Music Box that are helping to revitalize culture and neighborhoods in "old" cities like central Denver and Chicago. The Mayan by itself is also particularly beautiful. Take time well before the opening previews to find your seat and just stare at the intricate woodwork around the theater. If there is one downside, it is that it is a little off the beaten path for those who live more around Colfax, yet this is mostly insignificant -- if you have a car, you'll find parking easily, and if you don't -- cab it, bus it or bike it, because it is really worth seeing a film here, if at least once.
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/3/2007,61,92,1,6,5>I was first brought to Common Grounds by my Denver-savvy uncle. I used to get the mocha, which is still the best mocha I've ever had, but my coffee preference has evolved into enjoying the more pure and satisfying black coffee or espresso. Common grounds offers a variety of espresso drinks, but their "uncommon ground" house blend coffee satisfies my coffee urge. Whenever I am doing work at Common Grounds or enjoying a book, I will get a delightful treat I often crave when I'm not at Common Grounds - a bowl of granola in steamed milk. This simple yet exquisite treat, is especially satisfying on a rainy night.The wood floors, paintings on the walls, energetic ambiance, and good coffee makes this stop in LoDo a good one. Whether you're in the mood for coffee or treats, to-go or in house Common Grounds should be checked out. There are other coffee shops in the area, but Common Grounds should be your first stop.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,6/2/2007,18,152,,6,2>If you have pictures, prints, photos etc. that you want professionally framed you know how high the cost is. The frame itself can make you wince.  Well, this store may be your answer. You may still wince a bit but not nearly as much as other places. And it is the end result that you are looking for and this place really comes through in that department. Great choice of frames, mats and other necessities. Helpful, friendly staff, reasonable prices. I was totally satisfied with the presentation Frame it Yourself did for my prints.
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2007,5/31/2007,1629,440,,9,6>Looking for a birds-eye view of Denver? This is the spot. 15 minutes outside of the city, definitely not a far drive. You can see the Redrocks from the top. Lots of people go up here when it's pretty out according to my Denver friend. Lots of people seem to bike this place, which looks pretty fun. We got a good 2 hour hike in, but be sure to bring some water. The paths are really easy so you can definitely bring your parents or kids if you're looking for an easy route.Carrie R (yelp.com/user_details?us) and I ended up meeting each other on a trail on the mountain totally unexpected. So, odds are you're going to be seeing lots of Yelpers on this mountain (at least two of them :P).
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2007,5/30/2007,49,62,1,4,3>A small, neighborhood theatre featuring independent & foreign language films - Hi5 for doing so!It's a regular theatre as any; plenty of parking; clean; tickets were under $10; seats don't allow for much leg-room and are cramped.Now Playing & Viewed by Me:  "the Namesake" directed by Mira Nair & based on Jumpa Lahiri's novel; the context is Indian (Bengali if you want to be specific), dialogue in English and where not it is subtitled; it is the tale of the life every immigrant has gone through and their subsequent generations. Watch it to experience it (foxsearchlight.com)."A glory on a huge colorful canvas. Strikingly original, heartfelt, superbly acted and profoundly satisfying." - Joe Morgenstern THE WALL STREET JOURNAL"A marvelous and moving cross-cultural famly saga that is also funny, empathetic, and sexy." - Owen Gleiberman ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLYBonus for Me: stars my current crush, Tabu.
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2006,5/29/2007,83,426,7,5,3>Man, oh man, do I love a margarita on a hot afternoon.  We don't get many (hot afternoons) in San Francisco, so I was only too happy to have lunch here on the rooftop patio on a hot sun-drenched afternoon (of which you Denver-ites have plenty, selfish bastards).The fish tacos were amazing.  The margarita was all that I hoped for.  A perfectly pleasant welcome back to the mile high city. We were attempting moderation at this meal because of my fear (well-founded*) of not being able to zip the only dress I had brought for the next day's wedding, so we didn't have the guacamole, and we were definitely in the minority with this decision.  I was left aching for avocado when I caught view of it at (all) the other tables.  *With me on the brink of a panic attack, boyfriend successfully zipped the dress, but it required my lying prone and thinking small.  I don't know that I've ever felt more confident of our love.
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2007,5/28/2007,540,313,6,6,4>So this week I had to do major butt pumps at the gym.... I am up to 100lunges a day because the hard metal chairs outside on the patio ofJulia Blackbird's were uncomfortable and unflattering... I mean, I waswearing a skirt and at that point I could care less who saw my hotsauce panties because I was in pain from my tush being pushed through the squares of the metal seat.I used to live in Santa Fe, and believe me, this is not a southwesternmenu... The food was horrible and their margaritas were too sweet, and the drink presentation was not too sexy.  ( I like to feel sexy when Idrink.... That's what alcohol is for right?  What?)The best darn thing about this restaurant is their outdoor patio.  Alittle behind the main street of Lowell, Julia Blackbird's front patioacts as an oasis from the hustle and bustle of  the long lines infront of Stellas down the road.Come here to sit outside and to be seated right away.  Order a beerand munch on some chips and then head back over to Stellas when the wait time dies down.* Star one is for a great location right on the popular Highlandsstreet of Lowell** Southwestern style star number two is for cute southwestern dcorinside the restaurant*** Our final and last star is for the great patio at Blackbirds... goodfor groups or couples, but not good for food.
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2007,5/24/2007,11,27,2,3,2>I just moved to Denver from Chicago and stopped in for a day bite. Banging food! One bite can take you to Phuket with stops in Myanmar and Jackson Mississippi. That probably didn't make a lick of sense. Myriad flavors is what I was trying to convey. Their sweet potato fries with the various dipping sauces will charm your taste buds so much that they won't even wait for a second date. The absent star is for the inoperable photo booth which resembles the restaurant's namesake. Also, well...you know hipster douche bags. Blah. I've come to terms with the fact that they're not going away, and they tend to congregate in pretty rad places. So Phuket! I'll keep going. You should too.
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2007,5/23/2007,17,59,9,2,3>I was in Denver for a few weeks last month and decided to check this place out for brunch one Saturday.  None of the locals I knew had ever heard of it.  What losers.  I had the Mexican Benedict and it was one of the best brunches I've had in a really long time.  The servers were awesome.  You don't often get called a punk bitch by a dude wearing fake titties.  Well I do, but most people don't.  My girlfriend asked for no whip on her hot chocolate, and it came out with whip, but I was scared to say anything because I didn't want to get my ass beat by a tranny.  But all-around the service was actually really good.Anyway, this place ruled pretty hard.  Awesome atmosphere, cool art on the walls, and funny ass waitstaff.  I got a great meal and my picture taken with some dude's penis all at the same time.  That's only like the 12th time that's ever happened to me. This month.  Check out this place for a really fun eating experience.  If you don't like it, the odds are pretty high that you're a lame-o.
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2007,5/18/2007,614,1007,1,2,2>My 5 year old son is a skateboard rockstar and a huge fan of this skatepark. Even after a day of peewee basketball and birthday parties, he wants to know if we can go to the skatepark.The great thing about the park is there are kids of all ages on all types of wheels and I haven't noticed any negative energy between any of the skaters/bikers/riders. There are also a variety of skill levels and none seem to affect the other. These are some of the most polite young kids in any public arena where you will find groups of teens collected. Outside of some of the language I have overheard, I have no problem with my 5 yr old in this environment.There are also enough parents here watching their kids that an unspoken air of safety is prominent.Great location, mellow environment, amazing ride for whatever you're riding, and even mom can jump on her skateboard 30 years later and  embarrass her kid righteously.
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2007,5/17/2007,0,1,1,2,2>The story of Breckenridge Brewery & Pub begins in the small mountain hamlet of Breckenridge (despite much in-depth research, there seems to be no information on where the name of the brewery came from). There, deep in the heart of Ski Country U.S.A., lived a man named Richard Squire who had two goals in life- to ski and to drink great beer. He had the skiing part down pretty well, but since it was the 1980's the only beer he could find to drink was either watered down or packaged jointly with Duran Duran cassettes. He set about to brew beers that were worthy of quaffing after a long day on the slopes. The happy result was the opening of the Breckenridge Brewery & Pub in 1990. Two locations in Denver opened in the next decade and today Breckenridge beers are available in 23 states. And the people rejoiced! I visited the Denver location at Blake and 23rd with some highly favorable results. I had a fabulous and knowledgeable bartender by the name of Charles who obligingly served me and my crew of thirsty friends. We started with Breckenridge Brewery's flagship and best selling brew, the Avalanche Ale. It's a completely standard Amber with caramel flavors and just a bit of hops. Nothing too exciting, but if you were looking for something to drink in larger quantities it was definitely keg-worthy. Choose the maltier, more robust 2220 Red Ale instead if you're just after a pint.  The Long Iron Lager was in the same vein as Avalanche; it's an easy-drinking light brew that's good for a lazy summer afternoon on the porch. It's slightly hoppier than a Coors Light, but the difference isn't worth the microbrew price tag. The Vanilla Porter lives up to its name thanks to the use of actual vanilla beans from PauPau New Guinea and Madagascar. Along with the vanilla flavor there are hints of chocolate, roasted nuts, and spices. Charles said it was a popular new addition to their lineup, but I felt it was just too much vanilla; if you closed your eyes it was like drinking a melted vanilla candle. On the other hand, I may be biased against vanilla flavored alcohol from an unfortunate night in Bangkok that involved too much vanilla vodka, power tools and a really big snake. If you're a HopHead, the 471 I.P.A. is about as good as it gets. The double I.P.A. brew is a small batch, limited edition one-way ticket to Hop Town. It has a lovely deep gold color and a big, sweet mouthfeel. It's obviously a little bitter, but has a surprisingly smooth finish. The 9.2% ABV sure doesn't hurt either. My Pick of The Pack was definitely the ThunderStout. It's like their Oatmeal Stout, but instead of using CO2 in the brewing process the geniuses at Breck Brewing used NO2, carbon dioxide's freakier cousin. I kind of expected it to be served in a balloon or from a RediWhip can, but it came in a standard pint. The nitrous made it so smooth it was like chocolate-y, espresso-y butter. The taste settled on your tongue and made itself comfortable there. It elicited a proclamation of "so damn smooth it's almost smoove" from my fellow samplers. A close second was the Trademark Pale Ale, which has won more medals than any of the other Breck Brews. The information card states the ale is "a black diamond beer without the bumps and dangerous curves." I wholeheartedly agree; it was a silky ride especially considering the 5.7% ABV. Lots of Munich malts mixed with five different kinds of hops makes for a sweet, floral character that was so seductive I swear the pint winked at me. It WAS the last sample of the evening... All in all, a night well spent on a barstool. The brews are the same at all locations, but from personal experience I can tell you they taste their best when drank after a long day of skiing or riding in Breckenridge. It may be the altitude, or the head injuries, but experience of knocking back a Breck Pale Ale in a hot tub mere yards away from where it was born is incredible. Try it sometime.
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2007,5/14/2007,19,45,1,3,2>In reality, it's more of a 3.5 - 3.8.  Good food, served up quick.  Solid enchiladas and other standard dishes.  The chicken salad is really good, just be sure to taste the dressing before you pour it all over.  Small, pleasant atmosphere, great lunch spot.
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2006,5/12/2007,1,3,,2,3>OK call me crazy but I actually picked my neighborhood to live in based on walking distance to this place. As a very jaded New Yorker moving to Denver was daunting enough. I needed a decent restaurant that I could call home and crawl home from. The very first time I walked into this place it felt right, the food, the wine list, the ambiance and most of all the staff. These people are foodies in the truest sense of the word. They care more about the food and your happiness than making a scene to be seen. Best of all this place only gets better. Recently the former Sous Chef, Scott Parker, has taken over the reins and he rocks. I always found his cooking more inventive with a touch of pure inspiration. And the manager Aaron's winelist is the best in the city, hands down. I agree with Trey W about the mussels. But don't miss the Reuben Sliders, Shrimp Hushpuppies, Duck Confit and most anything else Scott whips up in the kitchen. Don't walk, run to Table 6.
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,5/11/2007,17,80,4,4,4>After remembering that I am in fact 24years old...not 40 I decided to chop off the soccer mom locks and go for a 1960's bob.Where do all the cool kids go?  Moxie I guess, right by the Buffalo Exchange in Denver.  The place is quite hip with lots of natural light, tons of magazines and a gay receptionist named....swear to God...."Wookie."I walked in on a Saturday and because they couldn't get me in that day I got a 1/2 off coupon for my cut.  Even better.Emmy, an adorable and comfortable little lady gave me the best haircut of my life and didn't chat my ear off to boot.
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2007,5/10/2007,0,0,,2,1>Cuba Cuba is kind of amazing, so it doesn't bother me that the boyfriend wants to go there as often as he does. The menu is full of fresh meat and seafood paired with things like plantains, avocados, and peppers, and the mojitos are the best in town. The room is really small, so even when it's busy it doesn't seem like it should take your server so long to get to you. But that's my only complaint. Everything else is wonderful.
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,5/9/2007,14,57,2,4,4>OH MY GOD--this place is fantastic!  My brother and I discovered it while I was in Denver visiting him.  Snooze is located on a corner in downtown that is obviously part of an up-and-coming neighborhood that is undergoing a great deal of development.  There are cute little loft apartments and townhomes being built across the street.  The interior of Snooze is really well designed.  Mid-century modern-ish fixtures mixed with some eye-popping orange, lots of booths, and hot pink bathrooms.I had the huevos rancheros (over easy) with chorizo and a half-and-half red and green sauce.  AMAZING!!  The black beans were still firm, the chorizo was a tad spicy and perfectly porky and the sauce was delish.  My brother had an omelet which he pronounced tasty but too basic (his fault--he picked sausage, swiss, and mushrooms)--next time he will branch out with some of the more adventurous fillings.  His iced chai was deliciously spiced and my coffee was good although I definitely could have taken it stronger.  The piece de resistance of the breakfast was the enormous pancake that we split.  After reading other Yelpers reviews of Snooze, we knew that the pancakes were not to be missed but that we definitely couldn't handle a 3-pancake sampler.  So we split the special of the day which was whole wheat banana walnut with a citrus butter and syrup--it was phenomenal.  I could have eaten 10!  Snooze also has really cute t-shirts.  I bought one for me and one for my boyfriend--we have been stopped on the street and asked "What is Snooze?"  Ingenious marketing!The only sadness is that I live in Washington, DC, alas too far for a morning jaunt to Snooze.  Please, please come to DC--we have NO good breakfast places!  Oh, and when you do, CALL ME--I am ready to invest!
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2007,5/8/2007,114,440,3,4,4>My passage into womanhood, my first Brazilian, was done here last night.  Chandra was amazing.  Chitty chatty like a gal I've known for years just ripping away where I though wax would never go.  She was quick and helped my jitters.The place is streamline and trendy.  The room that I had my service in  had a comfy table but didn't have a zen feel.  Then again there's no point in achieving om while you're questioning "Should I really be doing this?"  Glo does have their own line of bath body and skincare products.  I'll be returning next week for a pedi and a facial.FYI...free parking in the back.
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2007,5/7/2007,122,461,2,2,3>I have to give this place five stars because I was in love with it in high school.  Many a day spent in one of the back tables or couches pouring over jibberish.The line can be long for coffee, but hang in there and you will be pleasently surprised.  I loved their shakes and Italian Sodas, but the coffee is decent for Colorado (now in Seattle so the bar has been raised).  If you stay late enough you will surely get into a debate with someone and leave with new friends.  Wow...I miss Stella's
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,5/5/2007,72,410,,4,1>Imagine my surprise to note that no one has review Great Scott's. So, apparently I am on a diner kick, and just like Tom's, Great Scott's gets the whole ambiance right, just in a different way: instead of Seventies, we are now in the Fifties, with the soda-jerk feel. Spacious seating, ample parking, with the spiral-binded uber-plastic coated menus and all, Great Scott's definitely knows the image it is pushing. The black coffee floweth like rain, and the buttered white toast reminds everyone that this is true American affair. What gives this its fourth star is not that it is especially vegetarian friendly, because its not so much, but that it is open 24 hours: I don't know about you, but there is a certain charm to guzzling down cup after cup of Joe at 3 am while talking politics or crazy-eyed half-baked theories about Jesus' baby.
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,5/4/2007,5,272,5,5,5>So, the premise was a guy's night out for a group of guys that, well, let's just say that none of us are going to be cast for a Coors Light commercial anytime soon. Our goal: to eat steak, rattlesnake and, of course, the famed Rocky Mountain Oysters at the Buckhorn.The steak was one of the most amazing pieces of meat I've ever tasted. Rather than individual cuts, they delivered one giant slab that was cut per person and slathered in an amazing garlic butter. Delicious. The rattlesnake was tasty, but was presented in such a way that you couldn't tell it was rattlesnake. We were looking for something a bit more shocking.Finally, the Rocky Mountain Oysters were tasty, but again, they were sliced and breaded and deep fried and basically looked like deep-fried clams and not bull's balls. We were looking for Fear Factor, and were disappointed.In addition to the great food, the Buckhorn Exchange is rich in history. It's got one of the more interesting back stories of any restaurant in the Denver area, and its historical relevance is due to more than just its Wild West origins. It was once seated along the main drag of the city, but now is extremely out of the way and in the, well, let's just say you're not in LoDo anymore. From the parking lot, you can see downtown from afar as if across a great lake. This says a lot about gentrification, and it's amazing that a place like the Buckhorn is even still in business as the city moved away from its doorstep.
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,5/3/2007,126,449,4,8,3>The people at Pro Chrysler are REAL!  Surprise!  A car lot with actual people - not annoyinly robotic salesmen - ready and willing to help!  I rolled up on their lot, hopped out of my friend's  car and pointed to the one car I had come to see.  Chip Smith didn't try to persuade me to buy a new jeep for $20,000.  He didn't try to show me the 2003 Mitsubishi Lancer on the front lot.  He let me settle for the cheap Ford Focus.  And he let me work my own numbers.  That's right, I basically told him what I wanted to pay and for how long, and he said OK we're done.  Shook hands, and that car was mine.  No hassles, no sketchiness, just good (and SMART!) people.  Other than that, they have won a bunch of awards over the years (including being the first five-star Chrysler dealership in the country... I'm not sure what that means but it's written on the floor mats they gave me, so it's probably important.)  They also won a quality dealer award from Time Magazine.  I highly recommend going to see the folks at Pro Chrysler Jeep, though their used car selection is veeerrrrryyy limited.  They specialize in new Jeeps and Chryslers.  Try 'em out!
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,4/30/2007,41,234,1,2,3>A diamond in the rough! Ever wonder what happens to the clothes rich folks wear once and are honor bound never to wear again? They get sold consignment at the Snob Shop!This place has got LABELS! Gucci, Ralph Lauren, MaxMara, Calvin Klein, BeBe, Stuart Weitzman! They carry formal wear, business wear, casual wear, wedding dresses, men's suits, outerwear, furs, purses, shoes and accessories. Whenever I'm down in Denver I swing by to see if there are some good clothes in need of a home. I'm very philanthropic that way. I still have the cutest little BeBe suit from the Snob Shop that thanks me for bringing her home every time I visit the closet.They have a basement full of sale items, though everything in the shop is pretty much cheaper than the tag would have you believe. Here's how it works:Each tag has a price and a date. Everything in the store is 10% off the price tag. Every month the item stays in the shop, the price goes down another 10%. You see how the savings can add up!I had to take away one star for being entirely hit and miss. It's not guaranteed that you'll find anything you even want to try on each time you visit. Other times you may need help getting your bags to the car. In my humble opinion, they're a bit overstocked on gaudy over-embellished blouses that I picture tiny, face-lifted women in age-denial strutting around in. It probably depends which Denver socialite cleaned out her closet before your arrival.Wish I could meet the gals who are generously stocking MY closet...
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2007,4/29/2007,11,43,,3,1>The Cheshire Cat Brewpub is an English style pub restaurant located near Olde Towne Arvada on 58th Ave (AKA Ralston Ave), about 5 blocks west of Wadsworth Bypass, in an old Victorian mansion built in the 1800's.The dining areas and bar are in several individual rooms in the old mansion, so therefore are separated, private, and a bit romantic... especially with the old Victorian charm and decorations.Their small batch beer is good.  They also carry a number of local and British meads and ales.Cheshire goes beyond the typical pub food.  They have many other English style entrees (like Bangers and Mash, Cottage Pie, Fish & Chips, etc.) ... along with an assortment of other ethnicity's, like Italian and Indian.  And also plenty of steak, shrimp, chicken, corned beef dishes, and salads.They do have a few vegetarian options like pasta, and Punjab Vegetables with curry and rice.  Although meat is still VERY prominent on the menu.Their Beer Battered Mushrooms for an appetizer are sooo good!  but they are very rich in all that deep fried beer batter!Highly recommended!
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,4/28/2007,18,33,1,7,2>Fresh Pastas and Pastries and Pizza Dough, Oh my!I stumbled my way onto this place when making a wrong turn while on my way to Radio Shack.  That's what my art teacher in high school called a happy mistake.  The funny thing was that most of the time she would be the one making them on MY PAINTINGS when trying to show me how to be creative...well that's another story.Vinnola's Rocks!  As far as an Italian Market, you will be able to purchase fresh dough, sauces, pastries,  deli meats, along with imports such as dried pastas, olive oils, vinegars, etc.As far as a Menu, they have everything from Pizza to Panini's and traditional Italian subs.  I've had the Italians Sub and the Stromboli, both of which were excellent.  I haven't had a Stromboli since my elementary school years during the Lunch Lady Land period of my life.  There is a small seating area for the impatient ones.  Check out their website; it has a lot of pictures of food and market items.I would also highly recommend the pistachio cannoli and the maraccino cherry-chocolate cannoli. Vinnola's is moderately priced and = Happy Round Face.
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2006,4/27/2007,10,22,3,2,1>Ocean is the re-skinned Mao, a once-hot uber-trendy short-lived extravaganza of a Cherry Creek upscale restaurant for the toned, tucked, glazed and bronzed Cherry Creek set. The place is pretty impressive, in a "first time you visit a PF Chang's kind of way".  Clearly big restaurant consultant money gone into the decor and vibe, and a prime location on second ave precariously at the mid-point in between the Whole Foods and Cherry Cricket.  Probably better to describe the location as half way between North and a skin rejuvination institute.  On to the place.  It's a decent, contemporary (read "LA") seafood restaurant, with a sort-of sushi bar, large bar area and an outside patio area that still feels like Mao's attempt to be South Beach.  Food wise, I'd describe it as good, but never great - the seafood is fresh and the presentation is really well done, but it really kind of falls flat in my books.  However, if it's not already obvious, the atmosphere is just something I have to roll my eyes and hold myself back from scribbling notes for the "cultural anthropoligical expose on Cherry Creek" article I really want to do once I'm done working.  If you are looking for a place to convince the LA in-laws that Denver isn't a cow town, it's damn near perfect, right down to the velvet rope valet with attitude and overtly parked top end auto line out front.  If, like me, you enjoy the Cherry Creek scene from behind jaded glasses, then by all means go for a lobster taco or two and listen to the bartenders desperately pretending to be "hip, yet sophisticated". Da food ain't the point, it's the scene, baby...
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2007,4/26/2007,70,228,2,3,3>You ever drank in your basement? It's kinda like that!Actually, this place is great, a nice little dive bar in the middle of uber-snooty Cherry Creek.  Good, cold, cheap beer and friendly waitresses abound! Oh, and fantastic burgers!
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2006,4/25/2007,164,361,,4,>Swimclub 32 is just a quick jaunt from downtown, but a world away.  In the laid back neighborhood of North Highland surrounded by the doglovers mercantile district, it's a wonderful addition. The atmosphere, the ambiant lighting and the friendly staff make Swimclub 32 a place to enjoy a candlelit sake filled meal with steak cooked at your table on a hot stone or delicious bubbly with the tuna tartare.A great place to sit cozy, get acquainted and feel at home.
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2006,4/23/2007,31,88,1,3,1>I lived in Colorado for 9 years and still dream about this place. They slow roast their meat for 12 hours.  They have their own signature sauce and the chuckload is a heart attack in waiting.  But if you have the opportunity of this experience then do not pass it up.  Once you have tried it the memory of that smell will never leave you.  Everytime I return to Colorado I always make a special stop there.  I couldn't resist it.
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2006,4/22/2007,20,90,,3,2>My best friend has raved about Carmines since I moved here and yet I never went until she arranged to have her birthday party there. We started out with a party of 9 but that quickly grew to 12 and the waitress was very accomodating, bring place settings and offering the late comers glasses of wine almost as soon as they sat down. The great thing about Carmine's is it's family style which means big plates of super tasty food that get passed around the table. We ordered 4 dishes and all 12 people had more than enough to eat. The birthday girl even brought home some leftovers! The menu is really exciting and I really want to go back and try things that other people at the table weren't interested in- like the gnocchi or the orichette basilica... They also sent out two gigantic, delicious pieces of chocolate cake- one for the birthday girl and another for the recently engaged couple at the table.  This is a good place. I say bring lots of friends though because then you get to try more!
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2006,4/20/2007,2,2,2,2,4>This is the place to be if you want great food, great atmosphere, and great people...and you're drunk.  Once upon a time, "The King" (as those in the know affectionately refer to it) was a friendly truck stop.  Times have changed since then but you wouldn't know it from the looks of this fine establishment.  Even though the King was given a facelift in recent years, the fact that the  booths were re-upholstered in the same brown/orange/yellow "vinyl" (honestly I have no idea what the material is) so as to keep it's original truckin' charm really speaks to the good taste of owner "Nick" (who also sports one of the fiercest 'staches you've ever seen). The truckers might be gone but the King is still serving up the best truck stop diner food Denver, maybe even CO, has to offer.No trip to the King is complete without a taste of the Toro Pot, a delicious burrito filled with meat and potatoes and topped with lettuce, tomato, sour cream and green chile.  Whatever you do, DO NOT miss the green chile here.  It goes well on just about anything (I like it over the crispy, out-of-a-can style corned beef hash).  Be nice to the waitresses and they'll be nice to you and be sure to leave a nice tip cuz those ladies work hard.
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2006,4/19/2007,14,224,2,2,2>One of my favorite bars in Denver. They have reasonable prices and a good staff. I think this may be the only Jukebox in Denver that has any Ween in it, and that alone is enough to keep me coming back. "Is this what Deaner was talking about?"
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2006,4/18/2007,9,108,,3,2>Very interesting dcor which I've heard described as both Dr. Seuss-ish and also Nightmare Before Christmas-ish.  A large group of us was able to find seating fairly easy on a Thursday and Friday night so it seems that it does not get overly crowded.  The atmosphere inside was very inviting and warm especially after walking 6 blocks in the cold.  I'm not sure if it is because I'm used to over inflated Orange County/LA prices but the drinks were not overly expensive in my opinion.  A micro brew on tap was $3.50 and well drinks were $4.50-5.00 for what we ordered.  As others have said, the red drink (whatever it is) is very strong and tasted to me like a combination of every bit of alcohol that spills from the bar mixed with a couple gallons of cough syrup.  The bartenders were very personable and offered up free samples of any of the beers we wanted and also offered a sample of the red drink.  Lastly, on the Thursday night we were there the DJ was spinning some great indie rock and mashups.  It was honestly better stuff than I hear in a lot of the bars in Southern California by far.  This would definitely be a bar I would frequent if I lived in Denver.
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2006,4/17/2007,30,66,,4,2>Full credit for their happy hour on a bang-for-buck basis. You can't go wrong with decent sushi (8pc order), garlic shrimp pizza, calamari, avacado egg rolls, and much more at a measly 3.50$ a pop. Just make sure you try and get a seat inside the bar or near the fireplace outside, otherwise your ass might get frost bitten from the coldness of the metal barred chairs. *brrrrrrrr*
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2007,4/16/2007,490,1086,14,6,9>Denver, glorious Denver! After stints in every crappy airport from SF to the south of France, Denver is like a kind old grandmother, waiting for me with open arms, warm soup, and a Valium. This is one airport where I can do all of the following:1. Get from my arrival gate to departure gate without crying, having an asthma attack, or trying to mainline vodka2. Eat real food, in a timely manner, from many easily accesible restaurants and stands (Wolfgang Puck being my first choice, always)3. Access the internet without (again) crying, having an asthma attack, or trying to mainline vodka4. Purchase tasteful items from my choice of airport shops, when I become bored of drinking and yelping5. Relax. Yes, I said relax. I find the Denver airport relaxing enough that I don't need that third Xanax with a cabernet chaser.These are all things that make for a pleasant travel experience, even for an intolerant, impatient, neurotic traveler such as myself. I will stop short of saying that it is beautiful, but it is aesthetically pleasing. The only crappy thing about Denver Int'l is the smelly child throwing a fit directly in front of me. And I can always go to the smoking lounge, chain smoke, and forget all about him...
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2007,4/14/2007,39,332,4,4,2>Very cool place and awesome gelato.  I've never gone to Italy but I am going in April and if it is better than what they serve here I will be impressed.   Also as Lori said the drinks there are very good.  When I take girls there they are a little afraid to try them but after they do I'm usually dragging them out of there.
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2007,4/13/2007,48,897,,3,2>This place is an expansive antique collective with a lot of space that they lease out to different vendors. I'm not sure it all qualifies as antiques per se, as most of the items were modern interior design pieces. There were also a few modern rug dealers. It felt like the kind of place where stagers and decorators get rid of pieces that have been barely used but are out of immediate decor style. That's not to say that pieces were dated or cheap - to the contrary, everything was very high end and stylish. There were a few legit antiques dealers, and those people had great stuff. I made some spectacular finds here, and the prices for the antiques were pretty good. Otherwise, pricing was kind of hit or miss, with some stuff being wildly overpriced compared to what I've seen it sell for at other stores. And considering that the cost of living in Denver is lower than most places, the pricing discrepancy should really go the other way....I'll definitely go back when I'm in town and would recommend it to people who don't really like or shop for antiques, because the merchandise is pretty mixed.
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,4/11/2007,63,116,6,2,1>I'm a little artsy, and unfortunately, that means I'm a little flighty.  And my flightiness has recently developed into a love for dinosaurs.  Love Dinosaurs.  Love, love, love, love, love them.  I think it's the coolest thing in the whole entire world to walk into a room and have the full-scale bones painting the scenes in my head.  They go something like this.Pterodactyl: Yahhhk!  Yahhhk!  (Dino translator: I'm going to kill, you you artsy runt of a girl.)Me: You're dead.  Pterodactyl: Yahhhk!  Yahhhk!  Let's test that theory -- did you just see the Brontosaurus go after your friend?Me: No.  Cause you're dead.Pterodactyl: Am I?Me: Yes.  You are dead.  You are dead!  (Girl seems to think she sees a bone shift and she begins to wonder.)And then I think about how Dinosaurs would have always won against the humans.  Always.  And all of that activity BLOWS my overactive pea-brain.  They have an awesome dinosaur room that I tend to spend far more time in than is probably normal, but you can see why.  If you see a quiet girl in loud clothing (I like orange) having what seems like a conversation with the bones, flee the room.  Or watch if that's your thing.  Or go to the planetarium.  (I always fall asleep though I always have good intentions that 'this time' I'll stay awake.)
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2007,4/8/2007,140,191,2,2,2>I used to eat dinner at Little India's downtown location almost every week. The staff knew us by name and brought me chai without having to ask.  The food is overall great and typically spicier and hotter than their other 2 locations when you request it. I love the Korma and the Tikka Masala!! But then they started getting more convention center customers and they remodeled. The new staff is not so experienced or attentive. Not rude, just incompetent. The new seating is too close together, and in the winter, with people's coats hanging off their chairs, you can't even get through the dining room. But I still give it 3 stars because the dishes they do well are super-dooper!  Maybe those new waiters will figure out what an Iced Chai is, and it won't be so disappointing compared to the old days.... I'll keep my fingers crossed.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2007,4/7/2007,51,309,1,3,1>We came here after a looong day at the Rocky Mountain National Park and we were understandably very very hungry. Made it here right when they were closing the buffet, but still the food was plenty and the quality was great. Very reasonable Desi buffet so you can pig out for under $10.
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2007,4/6/2007,5000,2823,,1,5>Oh good old Uptown Square, used to be called Post but now Equity runs the show.  Great location, not so affordable prices for studios and one-bedrooms but decent deal for a two-bedroom.  Uptown spreads out over a few blocks and rent includes secured parking and 24-hr gym.  The gym is not too sabby for a apt. complex.  Wine shop, Chedd's, a Yoga center, a day spa, dry cleaners, Fluid Coffee Shop, Delicias Mexican Restaurant are a few of the many shops that line the square.  Office staff could be friendlier but a few of them are pretty chill.
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2006,4/5/2007,1,6,,3,>AMAZING! For the price I will continue to go back for more, everything I have tried has been just out of this world - try the scorpion's. Great sudo Mexican food with a great American, fresh flavor. The drinks are strong, plan to walk home!
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2006,4/4/2007,66,129,1,5,2>sooooo good.  bowls the size of a small country.this place is delicious.  i ask for the chicken pho in medium, then i add plum sauce and lime juice and all the other condiments they bring you.  do yourself a favor and order the salty lemonade.  it is tart and tangy and salty and oh, so good.
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2006,4/3/2007,107,150,,3,2>Fantastic green chili!  Went well over my breakfast burrito, though if I go back, I'll just order the green chili a la carte.
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2007,4/2/2007,13,45,,6,2>The best selection of teas in denver!  They have black, white & green (and bubble tea).  All are organic.  They are located in the Cherry Creek North area.  Small, modern, sunny place.  They have board games and books if you didn't bring anything to do.  If you're hanging out for the afternoon, they will run you a tab.  The food is wonderful.  It is always super fresh, made to order.  The owner is very friendly, and works behind the counter frequently.  The rest of the crew is personable as well.  Also, you can go in to get bags of loose tea to make at home. And you won't find their organic selection anywhere else in Denver.  Oh, check out the punch card too.
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2007,4/1/2007,14,46,2,4,5>In many ways, you can measure a city by its library -- and if this criterion measured all, Denver would be the greatest city in the country. The main branch is beautiful, books and magazines are exactly where they are listed in the catalog -- there's a wide selection of sheet music for musicians, their film selection is terrific, and there's even a historical research center on the top floor. I miss Denver for the sun and the mountains, but also for this library.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2007,3/31/2007,358,997,5,6,8>After years of working at big_blue_company during the lean years, I was spoiled with five star amenities, hotels, business class air for seven hours or more, and my Hertz Gold card.  Startups usually have to penny pinch for fear of wasting VC money, hence, one can expect a rental reservations  via Dollar, Enterprise, and this week it was Thrifty.I did not know what to expect as I arrived at Denver International, on a snow flurry icey evening.  At the counter, a very professional young lady processed my papers and efficiently gave me driving suggestions to my hotel destination.  I looked outside as the falling snow and wind intensified then meekly asked, " I'm scared to drive on icey roads, I know they reserved an economy car, but could I get a free upgrade and get a 4X4 instead? "  I continued with a coy smile and pout, "Please?"She was my angel as she nodded with approval, "I got you a jeep, and have its engine running now to warm up."I drove towards the exit checkout and was greeted by another sweet older man.  He pleasantly chats with me and gives me more detailed directions, then cutely asks me, "Madame or Mademoiselle?"  I winked, " Mademoiselle. and oh by the way, where is the accent from?"  He proudly states, "Africa"  I replied, " I know, but you have a particular accent, what country are you from and who was your colonizer?"  He responded, "Mali, French colony, Mademoiselle."French African accent melted my freezing 4X4 in a heartbeat!  "Now, don't get lost, and if you do, drive right back here!" he stated as I drove off.The road was icey but my 4X4 was strong and sturdy like a seasoned and fit prize fighter.  It got me safe to hotel and to my all day business meeting and back to the airport the next day.On my return, the service attendant urged me to gas up and save $40 on the rental car bill.  I drove out again to hear my French African buddy greet me, " Mademoiselle, you are back!"  I cheerfully responded, "That's right, I need to gas up."  As I drove away, he gleamed, "Au revoir, Mademoiselle." Impeccable service and great to feel the international flavor in the midst of the cold and icey Rocky Mountains.  A nice five star!  Big_blue_company is so yesterday, startups are still cool by me. (Oh, and African Europeans are so the future!)
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2007,3/30/2007,49,62,4,5,3>Pro's:* Middle Eastern cuisine* Vegetarian Combo Plate:  a mix of hummus, baba ghanouj , tabbouleh, stuffed grape leaves , falafel, fries & yellow rice.* Meat Combo Plate:  plate of hummus, baba ghanouj , tabbouleh , grape leaves, falafel, gyros, sheesh kabob , kifta kabob , chicken kabob and accompanied by yellow rice* baklava'sCons:* Small restaurant; limited seating* Parking is difficult* low key interior decor* cleanliness* crowdedBecause of my love affair for middle eastern food, I admit it, I am biased to overlook the 'cons' & give it high ratings. But really, if you want to know the truth, it is damn good food as many Yelpers have proclaimed and I'll be back for seconds. Five* cuisine and a three* interior, I'll settle with giving it 4*'s and you will catch me in there again for seconds.
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2007,3/29/2007,540,313,14,4,5>Nothing turns me on more than an athletic male in a nice form fitting Patagonia Capilene long underwear shirt.... Yumm, on top of that (literally) once he has worn this sweat absorbing material to the max and has to buy a new one, he can return this used garment to any Patagonia store and they will recycle it through the company's Common Threads Garment Recycling Program (They also recycle the Patagonia fleece, any Polartec fleece from other manufacturers and the Patagonia organic cotton T-shirts).  Now that I am all hot from thinking about a tall sweaty athletic man climbing a fourteener and completely outfitted in Patagonia, let me tell you a little about the store to distract you... You can find Patagonia at a lot of different stores, including the infamous REI right down the road, (big fan of REI here!) but you can't beat the selection of having an entire store dedicated to Patagonia... And since there are hardly that many Patagonia stores in general, visiting this store is a real adventure and yes, worth the price.I know, the price is steep.... they almost lost a point for that, but you have to agree, anybody that has worn Patagonia has realized that the material lasts years, keeps you warm in the harsh winter, cool in the hot dry summers and sexy while you drink your beer in that hole-in-the-wall bar in Avon.  And men, I wouldn't be surprised that if you hook up with that special someone while you are sporting Patagonia, they will most likely want you to leave your shirt on because it is just that sexy (or you are simply too hairy for them to stand).Simply said, I like to support companies that support the environment.  Patagonia has always been environmentally conscious and dedicated to preservation. I feel better supporting consumerism knowing that I am supporting a company that has always been environmentally active... Plus, my ass looks nice in their climbing pants.
