<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,11/25/2014,447,73,5,5,4>The coffee tour features Cafe Brioso, Stauf's, and Luck Bros. We had a great time at each stop and learned much about roasting and preparation of a perfect cup!Our driver, Andy, who normally does a lot of the tours, takes a back seat at each of the stops to let the coffee pros do the talking. We were impressed with his parallel parking skills!At Cafe Brioso, Jeff and J.J. conveyed their passion for coffee. Robin, our expert barista, prepared an espresso and a cappuccino for each of us, and we also had delicious muffins and scones. Next we went to Stauf's Coffee Roasters where we learned about the roasting process and got to take home a freshly roasted bag of beans. Our experience included cupping, where we compared two different roasts of the same beans using the flavor wheel. Finally we ended up at Luck Bros. where we received a cookie with our iced coffee. The iced coffee was prepared using a Japanese Kyoto drip brewer. At room temperature it takes hours to brew. While we drank, Andy gave each of us tips on how to brew our coffee at home for the best flavor!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2014,11/24/2014,115,131,4,5,5>For years I've been wanting to visit Brothers Drake, and I just kept finding reasons not to come.  Plans with friends, family, alien invasions, cooking lessons with Heisenberg, all sorts of things have caused me to cancel previously planned visits, but one thing that I always was interested in visiting for was the quality of their mead.  Firstly, it's all gluten free (if that's a thing for you).  The ingredients are almost all (if not all???) sourced from Ohio.  And there are a variety of flavors to suit almost any palate.  My personal is their apple pie seasonal that comes out the first week of October every year.  Be wary, it's not cheap compared to their other flavors.  I haven't bought the Apple Pie since 2012, but it was in the mid to high $30's for a bottle at that point.  It's  a splurge item for a nice night, that you won't regret.In addition to the main bar, they have a stage area, where I assume they could also host live music should they choose.  The bar staff was extremely friendly to us, offering suggestions on which type of mead to try, and letting us sample the different flavors.  When my friend's mixed drink (vodka & soda) didn't taste quite right, they were quick to apologize and point out that the soda water had likely gone flat, and insisted on making her a new one immediately.As for food, BD has a few appetizer-level foods on the menu for purchase from dinner time on, but nothing that I felt would actually fill my stomach.  Food is provided by a Japanese food truck, and while I love food truck foods, we opted to venture elsewhere to satisfy our grumbling stomachs.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,11/23/2014,106,319,4,8,9>Went in at 4p last night with no appointment. The place is large, nice, and spotless. The decor is hipster like...perfect for a tattoo parlor. The waiting area has portfolios of all the artists work, and all looked outstanding!The receptionist said the only available artist was the owner (Cary I think) but he had stepped out for lunch. He returned a few minutes later with his lunch, and informed me he wanted to eat before his 5 because it was a large job, and asked that I come back after that. I told him I lived in Orient and that would be a long drive, so he asked what I had in mind, and since it was just a small single color 5 character job, he said he could squeeze me in. 20 minutes later, Im done...its just what I wanted, and it was perfect! Price was $80, and I tipped him $20 for getting me in and delaying his lunchGreat artist, great work, and great customer service!Nice job Memento!!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,11/22/2014,37,33,3,6,4>MAPLE BACON MAC N CHEESE!  THE END!!Just kidding...but seriously, get the mac n cheese!  I've been here more than 5 times now, and I have had a blast every single time.  I've tried to order something new each time, just to get a full range, and so far I have not been disappointed.  From the build your own burger to a BLT with egg - delightful!  The waitress took the time to explain that they get fresh items daily, grow some of their own spices/lettuce, and actually knew a lot about the beers/whiskeys they offered.  My husband got the wings - which are duck - and he was blown away by them. We saw a band on our last visit there, and it was an absolute blast.  The whole set up encourages you to get up & have a good time.  My friends and I (guy friends, too!) were out on the floor & moving it until close.  I would definitely go back to see another group play.  Pricing can be a bit high for their mixed drinks, but beers are pretty standard costs.  The food is averagely priced, and I feel like it's good quality for what you pay.  They do have specials for their burgers, whiskey, & beers during happy hour.  They have a very (deceiving from the outside) large area for seating, and a beautiful patio.  I hope they keep everything up, because this has become one of my favorite spots!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,11/21/2014,52,54,9,3,5>I used to work seasonally in Vermont.  My then-girlfriend, now wife, bought four Tommy's Pizzas, drove straight to the airport with them in her carry-on luggage.  She flew to Burlington (with all the passengers demanding the flight crew to serve them whatever smelled so good).  She escaped unscathed as they could not figure out where the aroma was coming from.  And after a drive, brought the pizzas to my friends and me.  Now, I had not seen her weeks, so as we greeted one another, my friends decided to eat one of the now unguarded pizzas.  They then decided they would eat the second one - half for them, half for us.  With so many of them and so few of us, they ate the third thinking leaving us one was pretty fair.  They apparently rationalized eating the last one by saying "they live in Columbus and can eat more of these; we're from England, Netherlands, France, New York, etc.., so hell with them."  Seeing those empty pizza boxes was like the dad in Christmas Story seeing the Bumpus hounds run off with his turkey.  That's how good Tommy's Pizza is.  You'd steal it from a friend and have an excuse as you're doing it.  Bastards.On a lighter note, they all demand Tommy's when they visit Columbus.  But still, pretty uncool.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,11/20/2014,46,37,10,12,5>My wife and I came here for their second night open for our 15th wedding anniversary. Knowing that this is a Cameron-Mitchell joint, I felt fairly confident while still a little skeptical that it was "The Barn".  We started out with Oysters in a Half Shell (my wife's choice), which was all as good as you'd expect. They fly their seafood in daily, which is good to know.  The taste and consistency was exactly as you'd expect...because they're oysters. I put on some of the cocktail sauce and tobasco, and indeed it was like eating a pile of snot covered in hot sauce. Like I said, it was my wife's choice. Oysters are pretty straight forward. They did indeed seem fresh. But hey...they're oysters.For the main dish, my wife got the Queen's Cut Prime Rib, and I got the 16 oz dry aged steak. Both of us rolled with Medium Rare. I was a little disappointed that this wasn't a fresh kill and that I didn't get to actually kill the cow. Since this is "The Barn" and is indeed a barn, I thought I might get to do that. But apparently that isn't an option. I didn't even see any chickens running around the barn, come to think of it.Anyhoo, both cuts of meat made us both swoon the entire time. The crust on my steak was sublime, and the inside was tender and tasty. I don't think I've ever had such a good steak in my life. Seriously, this was way better than anything the Ponderosa has ever offered to me...although the Barn doesn't have a huge-ass limpy salad bar. Remember those? Hahaha....all you can eat salad bar....yeah, that'd be NONE, thanks. I want the damn steak!Now for the bourbon. Listen to this - if the information I got is accurate (and if I remember correctly, because I did have a few) they teamed up with Woodford (my all time favorite bourbon) and took their bourbon and aged it for another year in their own oak barrels! You literally CANNOT get this anywhere else! It was damned good, and a little spicy. My wife had some sort of Woodford mixed drink, which I think is an abomination to do, although it was pretty tasty. But dammit, it's WOODFORD....why you gotta mix other stuff in it, woman?? I almost divorced her for it right there...but there weren't any judges around, and I've since gotten over it. Plus, how rude is it to divorce someone on your anniversary? I'll bet that's an etiquette no-no. I'll have to write to Miss Conduct or Dear Abbey and ask........she's dead? Dammit....In the end, we were offered a complimentary dessert. My wife wanted chocolate cake and she loved it....which is weird because she generally despises chocolate. But she totally dug it, and we teamed it up with an espresso. I think it was the best espresso I've ever had....out of the 4 or 5 in my lifetime. Two final notes - one is that the place is casual-ish. You don't have to feel pressured to wear a tie and slacks. Hell, the servers are all dressed in picnic-table-cloth style shirts. Yet it feels classy-ish, too. Second - our server was "Seth". He was absolutely splendid. He had all the answers, worked with confidence, and took very good care of us. I hope I tipped him well. Head was a little foggy by then.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/19/2014,77,271,5,10,7>Today I pretty much had the best AND the most expensive fish sandwich ever.  $17 is steep, but it really is that good.  It comes with a peanut slaw on the the side and the piece of fish is so big that I tore off some of it in order to eat the sandwich (excellent bun and toppings).  I had a great lunch with Mike G and Karen M.  I normally alternate between the Northstar burger and the Sweet Basil Burrito with tofu.  I love them both so much that I have never gotten anything else off the menu.  A certain CM recently raved about the fish sandwich, so I had to get it.  I'm glad I did.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,11/18/2014,19,107,1,5,4>What a very pleasant surprise!  I had been having a hankering for some sushi for quite some time so Mr. Sushi seemed like it was worth a trip.  I was seated promptly in their very bright, minimally decorated dining area.  It is clean, bright, and pleasant, but nondescript in terms of decor.  I did not feel out of place in my jean shorts and t-shirt.  There were several different types of diners, from the just out of work business types in nicer clothes to the full families with smaller kids.  It was refreshing because sushi places can sometimes cater to more the date crowd.The menu is quite expansive (and reasonably priced).  They did have a large amount of hibachi and teryaki dishes, I saw several other diners getting some very tasty looking dishes.  I went for some of my favorite comfort foods:agedashi tofu: small, bite sized, and well seasoned.  The broth had this delicious smokey aftertaste that was so pleasantvegetable rolls: they had a large assortment and some unique ones (love the use of mango).  all were reasonably priced and very tasty.I loved the fact, too, my hot tea came in a full pot.  I'm a HUGE tea drinker so the ability to simply pour my own (and down the entire pot myself) is always a plus.  I did see their wine list, it seemed decent, but my go to drink with sushi is always green tea.Overall, I liked the ambiance (not fussy, clean, simple), the service (incredibly nice, professional) and the food.  I'll definitely be back soon.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,11/17/2014,46,100,4,11,6>I was extremely excited when I heard there was a new Chicken spot in town. I went in with no expectations because I have been let down before by other new chicken establishments (Just Wing It and Buckeye Chicken) but I have to say this place is great! They remind me of KFC but better. Very clean on the inside and the customer service was fast and friendly. I ordered a 3pc Mix Combo, the prices are average. The chicken holds true to the name it is Krispy, Krunchy and very Juicy! I got an order of wedges with my meal as well. But my favorite part about the whole meal was the biscuit. They have by far the best biscuits I have ever tasted. The biscuit was so good after I left I pulled back up and ordered 3 more, they are excellent! They are also open until 11pm which is awesome! I am so happy I decided to come here tonight! Chicken 1-5=4. Wedges 1-5=4. Biscuits 1-5=5!!!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,11/16/2014,33,109,1,4,6>I've been here recently for brunch, drinks at the bar and the rooftop patio. The rooftop patio overlooking the reservoir is awesome; you'll see your share of kayakers.The bar is classy and the service is usually very attentive. The brunch buffet is excellent. Smoked salmon, mussels, shrimp. Made to order waffles and omelets. Eggs Benedict were in the warmer and even sitting for a bit were still excellent. Brunch is the only meal you can get on Sun. I thought it was odd that when the brunch ends at 2 the restaurant is still "open " but there is no food until 5.My only complaint is the lack of food served on the rooftop bar. You can order appetizers, salads and a $24 lobster Mac & Cheese. you used to be able to get pizzas and burgers a couple years ago. We intentionally wanted to sit outside and eat and open air windows are nice but not the same. Especially since  a shorty like me can't see the view well with the seats as low as they are.The evening crowd really caters to the 60+ Westerville residents. So I'm in the minority here. Weird food rules aside, I'm still a fan.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,11/15/2014,55,62,5,13,5>I don't take 5 stars lightly. After reading many of the other reviews, I began doubting myself. Then I asked myself "would I choose Bareburger over most other restaurants." And the answer is "yes!"Two friends and I went to Bareburger last night for dinner. We arrived a few minutes after 7:00 and were told the wait was about 50 minutes. Unfortunately, they have no way of notifying you when your table is ready. Since we decided to go next door for a drink, we were asked to check back with the hostess after 30 minutes which we did. As a nice surprise, our table was ready at the 30 minute mark. Our server was very sweet. Unfortunately, she had lost her voice earlier in the evening leading to a fun game of charades to complete our order. The food did take quite some time to arrive, but we were in no rush.Now for the real reason for the 5 stars-The Food!  The food is fantastic!!  I started with the Italian Artichoke Salad. I highly recommend!  My co-diners shared their sweet potato and onion ring combo appetizer with me. The fries were good, and the onion rings were great. Finally, I had the Smokehouse Portobello Burger with turkey. BEST turkey burger EVER!  Dare I say a smidge better than Flipside. I was too full for dessert. Next time!  My salad and burger (I drank water) came to $22.00. Yes, that is a bit more than one would expect to pay, but quality comes with a price. As others have already mentioned, the interior is very nice. There is no outdoor seating option, but that is not unusual for the Short North. I will absolutely be returning to Bareburger!!!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/14/2014,4,16,5,6,4>Hudson 29 measures up to what we've come to expect in a Cameron Mitchell enterprise.  There is a sophisticated urbane ambience which one feels from the moment you enter and is consistent with the homage to a NYC restaurant described on the menu.  Every CM restaurant has a theme, and so discriminating patrons will neither fault CM's M Restaurant for not having chicken fingers for the kids nor fault Cap City Diner for not having Lemon Chiffon for an elegant dessert.  The point is that not all restaurants are suitable for all occasions.  Obviously.  The service at Hudson 29 was equivalent to CM's high standards.  We had thrown the receptionist a major curve when we arrived just in time for our Saturday, 7:15 reservation, fully expecting to be promptly seated.  The place was SLAMMED with 4 or 5 parties waiting, the bar and restaurant clearly at capacity.  When we presented ourselves, the receptionist did not find our name on the reserved list; she did a a search and discovered that the reservation had been made for a week LATER (clearly my bad); without a pause or indication that it was My Stupid Mistake, she said she was pretty sure we could be seated within 30 minutes...and so we were.  BRILLIANT courteous and welcoming treatment by the staff of confused customers who might have been simply turned away.  (Under the pressure of the moment, it would have been far easier to have dismissed us!)  I've read all the Yelp reviews so far and see that I'm the fifth to comment on the fact that this is a high-decibel eatery.  Not merely noisy, I'm talkin' LOUD!So loud, in fact, that it was nearly impossible for my companion and me to have a casual conversation.  So loud, in fact, that we had to point at our choices on the menu, because our server wasn't able to hear us.  What this suggests is that the diners here were having a raucous good-time.  It also suggests that this is exactly according to the preparation and plan of the designer/owners of this establishment and is not a mistake, carelessness, or mismanagement by CM but in accordance with the conceptual intent of it being a High-Energy-Destination, which has to be a point to consider when making dinner plans in the future.  But when I'm looking for a serene and romantic dinner destination of CM-destinction, I'll probably select "M" or "Ocean Club" over Hudson 29!Another appreciated feature is the free, adjoining-garage-parking which will be a deal-breaker during Columbus' seasons of crappy weather.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,11/13/2014,62,163,6,4,4>Good bagels.  My favorites are the plain and cinnamon crunch.  My wife liked the everything bagel, but it was a little too "everything" for me.  We haven't tried the pastries or muffins, yet. Sammy's killer app, if you will, is their delivery service.  We woke up (thanks to the kids) at 630am on Saturday morning.  After getting coffee started and getting everyone ready for breakfast, I remembered having ordered from Sammy's the day before as a surprise for my wife.  I opened our front door and, sure enough, a bag of bagels was sitting on our porch!  How awesome would this be if you were having house guests?  SCENE--Saturday Morning Guest:  Hey, what's for breakfast?You:  What's that?  Breakfast?  Well gosh, I hadn't planned anything big....Guest:  Oh, ok.  I'll just have whatever.You:  Nothing big, except for all these fresh New York style bagels sitting here on my front porch!!!  Boo yah!Guest:  Holy crap.  That's awesome!  Columbus is awesome!  You (insert your name here), my host, are also awesome!END SCENEYup.  You're awesome now.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,11/12/2014,241,94,3,4,3>I love this place.  Keep in mind that it's not a full-on sushi bar; they have a short menu of wrap, protein, veg, and sauce (think:  certain other fast-casual Mexican joint with the same concept :) ) and the idea is to get people in and out the door quickly, which makes perfect sense on a college campus.Conveniently located about a block north of the Campus Gateway, this is a great spot to grab a quick meal before seeing a movie.  My bf and I were there on a Monday night during OSU's summer break, so the place wasn't very busy.  We moved to the front of the restaurant and ordered our food right away.  The people behind the counter were attentive, although perhaps not as informed as one might like--we asked if the tofu was organic and they didn't know.  We also tried to find out the health benefits of seaweed vs. soy wrappers, but didn't have any luck with that question either (although, asking similar kinds of questions at a Panera, McD's, etc. would probably yield the same result).  However, the staff was able to tell us what paired well and what was popular with the ingredient of the month--mango.  I definitely like that they have a rotating ingredient to mix things up a bit.Just like the restaurant-I-won't-name-because-it's-so-obvious, you pick out your wrap, your protein, your veg, and your sauce.  You can choose to do different combinations of protein, veg, and sauce on each half of the roll if you're looking for a bit of variety.  The end of the line also involves selecting toppings like tempura and sesame seeds.Prices range from $7-$9 per roll depending on what protein you select.  I like to fill mine with several kinds of veggies, which makes the roll plenty full and one roll ends up being enough.I love watching the preparation of the rolls--from the assembly, to using that fancy cutting machine, to applying generous globs of spicy mayo and sweet soy sauce.  The final product is a brightly colored combination, and I think, a feast for the eyes (although, I suppose they could go a tad lighter on the sauces).The dining room itself seats ~50 people, with a mix of small tables for two, to larger rectangular tables intended to seat 8 or 10, so during peak times, be prepared to share one of these large tables.  The decor is kept simple, sort of a modern industrial look with concrete tables and contemporary chairs and benches.Upon exiting, you'll notice that Fusian has different bins for composting, recycling, and trash.  At a Yelp Elite event, we had the opportunity to talk with the creators of Fusian, and they felt that being environmentally responsible was part of their mission.  I appreciate that businesses take extra steps like this to be good environmental stewards.As of this posting (May 2014), this is the only Columbus location, with stores in Dayton and Cincy.  I think the concept could do well elsewhere in Columbus, should they decide to expand.  I don't live near campus, but was in the area for a movie, and I was very much looking forward to a quick, affordable dinner here.  I'm sure other neighborhoods in Columbus would also delight in such an opportunity.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,11/11/2014,84,263,2,4,8>Oh I love Mazah! I've only ever ordered the Dinner Sampler or the Family Mazah appetizer because WHY OH WHY would I order anything else?!The dinner sampler (~$25, serves 2) is a great way to try a lot of what Mazah offers, including a choice of soup or salad, a couple of cold bean/veggie salads, Baba Ghanoush, Hummus, Falafel, and an entree of your choice from the list they provide. I like the Chicken Shwarma, which comes with chicken and rice. And everything is delicious. Seriously -- I love Mazah! My most recent discovery is the Family Mazah appetizer, which I've ordered as takeout. You get wonderfully sized portions of Hummus, Baba Ghanoush, Tsatsziki, Olives, Labaneh, Pickled Vegetables, and Pita Bread. For $19, I have an awesome array of dips and accoutrements that I end up enjoying for a meal AND taking for lunch the next couple of days. Their new location is more spacious and I love the interior (though I have yet to dine-in here). Did I mention I love this place?
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,11/10/2014,31,65,3,4,4>Little Palace is consistently one of my favorite restaurants in town. It's an affordable spot for lunch, happy hour, dinner, or a nightcap and I've been for all of the above. I was really into the place before I moved away over for the last two years, and it has held the test of time. The menu is varied enough to provide options (including vegetarian!), but small enough to appear focused. The service is always efficient, friendly, and helpful.My favorite dish is the vegetable stromboli. I haven't had a better one out in town - the cheese is perfectly melty, the crust is crisp and also soft, the olives/artichokes/spinach/tomato filling is perfectly balanced, and the marinara dipping sauce is savory and robust. The cheese curds are perfect little pillows and I love their honey mustard dipping sauce. I've also and the vegetarian white bean quinoa patty and mac and cheese - both are super filling and tasty for their low price points.The draft list is decent and well-rounded and both wine and cocktails are affordable. This place will continue to be a go-to spot for a quick, tasty bite with my husband or a downtown venue to show off to out-of-town family and friends.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,11/9/2014,45,93,3,5,3>My husband and I are a Fan after visiting Dan's this past Sunday for Breakfast. It's a 50's inspired Diner located down South High (Past German Village). It sits right off of High, you can't miss it. The Diner itself, isn't anything to brag about, but our overall experience is what made us enjoy the visit.We wanted a traditional breakfast on Sunday, and we passed the Diner many times heading to Lowes on S. High, so we thought we would give it a shot. We both tried a bit of everything; eggs, biscuits and gravy, bacon, sausage, hash browns and pancakes. Needless to say, we enjoyed everything.My favorite part of everything we tried were the pancakes, and oddly, I'm not a big pancake fan!The staff was very very nice and consistent throughout the entire visit. We were immediately seated, immediately assisted and were checked on multiple times.I feel it's a great place if you live in the German/Merion Village area and want a traditional breakfast, but don't want to wait for 45 minutes to an Hour at a German Village Restaurant.We had a good experience, and I'm sure we will visit again.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,11/8/2014,21,31,4,8,8>A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, I staked out the Short North as my neighborhood of choice.  The Arena District had not yet gone in, let alone the Bridge.  Gallery Hop was still Columbus' best kept secret, and I just about lived at Barley's and The Coffee Table (may it rest in peace).  But once the floodgates opened and the numbers started rolling in, I pulled up stakes and ran for the hills.  Some of it was for good reason: I felt that it was a turning point for the Short North in that it finally gained proper recognition and capital for new startups, but with it came a vanilla-flavored hustle bustle that was a bit off-putting.  But with this transformation came a few notable businesses that reflect the quirky eclectic flavor of yesteryear.  Yes, Surly Girl, I'm looking at you.Character in a business is earned over time, piece by piece, and is demonstrated by the fact that there will never be another CBGB's and why Hard Rock Cafe expansion stores are such a joke.  In spite of this, Surly Girl's decor and layout does a pretty good job at approximating genuine character right out of the box.  Think two parts western and one part psychobilly, with feminine touches throughout.  Add to that some off the beaten path choices on the jukebox and yeah, I'd call that character.  Reminds me of Seattle's Lava Lounge.  A tight fit during prime time, so large groups may want to look elsewhere, but wonderfully cozy for 2-5.The menu is decent, though a bit limited, and a tad overpriced.  My workaround is to focus more on the appetizers and impressive list of microbrews -I recommend Bell's Two Hearted Ale highly if you are a fan of IPAs.  And the waitstaff is surprisingly non-hipster; rather they are no-nonsense pros who know how to turn on the charm.The bottom line: not as much a nightly hangout as a fun "on the way to" stopover.  Atmosphere is everything, along a friendly vibe and a tasty menu.  Just add friends and you've got yourself a night.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/7/2014,49,218,1,4,7>The Columbus Public Library system is amazing, but this location is even more awesome and the reason for that is the people who work here. Recently, I came to the library and picked up my reserves and a few books I saw while browsing around. I read 2 of the books and was on the third when they were due back. I went online to renew them and realized they hadn't been checked out on my account. I was going to call them after work, but I didn't need to. Because that afternoon, I got an email from a customer service rep who asked if I had ever come to pick up my reserves because they were still showing as on reserve and never being picked up. I told her yes and she said she would check them out to me and give me an extra couple weeks to finish them. I just thought that was really kind of her to reach out to me and give me some extra time. This library doesn't feel like it's apart of this huge city wide library system and I love that. I love seeing families walking here and enjoying books together and I hope to one day be able to do that with my family. Love love love.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/6/2014,67,38,3,7,5>I will preface this review with "this was my 1st ever massage". I solely relied on Yelp reviews and the location convenience in my decision to choose A Body True. Based on my massage experience, I don't know if you can do much better than Michelle. Michelle provides a clean, welcoming, zen environment. I made an appointment for a 60-minute Swedish massage. It was positively wonderful. The massage room is comfortable and relaxing with deep aromas and eastern furnishings. Michelle thoroughly focuses on troubled areas (for me, the neck and shoulders), while also attending to the entire body. She works you the entire 60 minutes. I did not want her to stop. I also smelled really wonderful after from the lotion she uses during the massage. In the future, I fully intend to go back to Michelle. Making an appointment was very easy on the website. Michelle is comforting, thorough, and skilled in her profession. Oh, and most importantly, she is very reasonably priced. Your 1st massage is $40/hour. Even better, she has a student rate of $40/hour. In the words of the Terminator, "I'll be back".
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,11/5/2014,39,64,1,7,5>I've been to two Indian/Pakistani/Desi restaurants in Columbus, and Tandoori Grill is the winner by far.  Many of my friends share their ethnic heritage, and they swear by its authenticity (warning: since it IS authentic, their food is pretty SPICY- make sure to emphasize if you like your dishes mild, and/or order some mango lassi AKA mango yogurt drink to wash down the heat).  More importantly, it's dang good food!My three favorite starters are: fish pakora, chicken samosa, and vegetable samosa.  Many people have tried samosas before, so do yourself a favor and order the fish pakora!  It's a deep-fried chickpea-battered fish, served with a zesty dipping sauce.For the main dishes, my favorite is the Nihari.  The beef shanks are slow-cooked to perfection for 8+ hours.  The goat/chicken Korma, and goat/chicken Karahi are excellent alternatives.  If you prefer something less adventurous, the Reshmi Chicken Tikka is what I'd have my mom order (especially since she prefers only white meat).  All of their meats are fresh and expertly cooked: you can tell they take pride in their food.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,11/4/2014,181,124,1,5,2>I. am. OBSESSED. On my first visit, I couldn't stop ooh-ing and ahh-ing over everything - the decor (mismatched table/chair combos? The industrial light fixtures? A-dorable), the music selection (where can I get my hands on that hipster playlist?!), the food... I was a veritable Table groupie. It was slightly embarrassing.At the reco of our super-friendly server, I ordered the veggie burger and proceeded to have a party in my mouth. It was so flavorful! Served with a light, refreshing side salad of arugula and other greenery. The only problem is that it was massive, so I couldn't finish it all. :)In an uncharacteristic demonstration of self control, I abstained from ordering a cocktail (which I now regret). As we were leaving, we saw the chef prepping a delectable-looking batch of chocolate chip cookies. Next time - dessert for sure! Can't wait to go back and experience more of the menu (including the bar).
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,11/3/2014,64,202,3,3,5>I hadn't been to the fair in years, which is crazy since I have lived in Columbus almost my entire life!This year, my family and I decided to go just for my 5 year old daughter.  We had a BLAST!  It was alot of fun, and there were ALOT of activities for us to do with my 5 year old.One thing I would certainly suggest is getting the ride band for your kids.  The online Ohio State Fair website isn't really forthcoming about how much the rides for kids actually cost.  In reality, there are only a few that are 1 ticket.  most of them are 2-3.  So, you will burn through the $20 it costs to get the band at Kroger VERY quickly!Another note on the kids area.....  Anything like riding the camels or ponies costs extra above the band.  We didn't do this, since my kiddo was crazy busy just going on and off ride after ride, but there are opportunities to do that.  The petting zoo is fun, but you have to pay $1 for a small cup of carrots.  The kids have fun feeding them though.Also -- make sure to see the animals while you are there.  I know it sounds silly, but alot of kids work really hard during the year to raise these animals to compete.  So, I think it is very cool to support them as well as Ohio agriculture!  It is a big business in this state!  The kids can also milk a cow while they are there by the butter statue and the dairy facility.  It's fun.... ...  I did it as a kid, and now mine has too!Bottom line is that I would certainly recommend this for a day out with the kids in the summer.  It's alot of fun, and if you budget correctly, it's not terribly expensive!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,11/2/2014,79,39,1,7,3>I can't believe it took me so long to come here - Cravings instantly became a new favorite that I'm bound to frequent for as long as I live in this 'hood.As if their regular menu isn't already perfect, the ever-changing specials are out of this world. When I saw a sandwich featuring roasted pork, avocado, heirloom tomatoes, jack cheese, fried egg, and aioli on herbed ciabatta bread, I knew I made the right choice for my food destination of the day. It was probably the best sandwich I've ever had - easily in my top five.Then, I had to top it off with a dessert to see what everyone was raving about. The decision was tough, but I went with the milk chocolate pretzel cookie. And sorry mom, but your cookies will never taste the same again. This cookie here was unbelievable - full of flavor and baked to perfection. Even the iced coffee was exceptionally delicious. From the personalized service to the very last bite, it's obvious everything is made with love.Follow the brick road and you'll find this quaint little cafe hidden behind 4th st. It's a great spot for brunch on the go or a casual lunch in for two!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,11/1/2014,21,66,8,6,6>Ethyl & Tank is owned and operated by the same folks who run The Crest, but if the Crest is a Clintonville hipster with a hybrid vehicle and a good job as a graphic designer, E&T is its younger sibling, the one in its sixth year of college who sleeps on a futon in its best friend's apartment and changes majors every year.  There's some family resemblance in the menu items, but the vibe is totally different.  From the retro neon-diner signage to the main floor arrangement - centered around standing-room drinking and not seated dining (there are virtually no tables large enough to comfortably sit more than a couple of people for a meal), Ethyl & Tank is a place to go for some brews.The beer selection is pretty good, featuring a fair amount of locals (Seventh Son is on the menu).  The menu is a mix of salads, sandwiches and $2 tacos in a variety of flavors.  I have to say, it's one of the best happy hour specials ever - it goes until a whopping 9:00 pm with half-price drinks across the board.  I had a beer and two tacos and my bill was $8.  The food was good, the beer was good, but for grownups who want to go out for food with alcohol on the side, not go out for alcohol with some food tossed in to help soak it up, it might not be your first choice.  And I'm sure the place has an entirely different vibe during the school year (it was nearly deserted when we were there).Still, I'd like to go back for that happy hour.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,10/31/2014,47,77,5,5,6>I have found true love...in the form of Udipi's buttery, flaky bhatoora and chana masala. My dining companion and I also ordered the onion dosa and onion/pea uttapam. I didn't try much of the dosa but the uttapam was almost creamy, with lots of yummy onion flavor, perfect crispy, and melt-in-your-mouth delicious especially with that amazing, addictive green chutney. Yes, I am in love. Off to compose my love songs and sonnets in Udipi's honor now.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/30/2014,67,792,5,10,7>Wow, I am getting crazy with these five star reviews.  But I can't find anything to dislike about this place, and there is a lot to like.Okay, it's sitting in kind of a wasteland.  It's right across from the casino, and everyone's hoping this area will take off but it hasn't quite yet.  I don't care about that anyway- I care about food and service.  The building itself is nice outside, and inside.  There's a lone table outside.  Inside, it's clean and comfortable.Service was efficient but not intrusive- he was there when I needed him to be.  Friendly but not obsequious.  Prices seem a bit high, but it's good quality and portions size is plenty for a growing boy.The food was simply outstanding. The flavors were subtle, but perfectly balanced.  I started with a little cabbage salad; apparently it just comes with the meal.  Very nice, fresh, vinegary, with a bit of carrot and some peanuts.  Then my appetizer, crab Rangoon.  This was a surprise- such a perfect combination of fillings.  Nothing overwhelmed anything else. Crab, green onions, cream cheese, all balancing each other.  Perhaps the best I've had.  Then the house soup, just a clear broth with veggies, but nice.  And my entree, pad see ew.  Wide noodles, Chinese broccoli, and I had the combo meats- chicken, beef, shrimp.  Superfresh veggies, excellent flavors, but again, subtle and finely matched.  So, so good.  They have a coupon for discounts when you come back, and apparently they grow a lot of the veggies.  I will be back- I'd have everything again, and there is plenty more to choose from on the menu.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/29/2014,36,115,3,6,4>Ok...so, I love this place.  I go to the taco truck when I'm on the west side.  I've been to the Godown location...and I'm NEVER on that side of town.  I LOVE THIS FOOD.  Some how, even though I only live maybe...maybe a mile from the Gahanna location - I only found out they were here last week.  So far I've been twice.  I have plans to go back on Monday.  :)So, last night I got my usual, 2 al pastor and 2 steak.  I added a pastor volcanes to see what that was all about, because I'm determined to find the goldmine item that will get my daughter to adore this place as much as I do.  Getting the boyfriend to adore it only took one bite of the onion concoction they provide.  I've never tried it, because I'd been warned of it's spice level.  When I told him that, he lit up light a Christmas tree and piled it onto his taco immediately.  About halfway through his second taco, I asked him how he liked it, he said, "Am I sweating? [he was] Then, I'm happy!"  He'd gotten the al pastor at my suggestion, and then the spicy shrimp.  We also got some chips and guac, which I had not had before.  The guac was alright, but I'll admit that I'm weird with my guac, so don't judge by my tastes on that.  It's made with serrano peppers and I've already talked about my spice avoidance.  So there's that!  LOL  The chips themselves were nice.  I think next time I'll get the chips and salsa to try out the salsa.  Back to the pastor volcanes, it was delicious, I'm definitely adding it to my list of must haves.  The melted cheese and crisp tortilla were so yummy with the meat.  YUM.Tiny rant:  To address one of the reviews complaining about the tacos being dry...the intention is for you to add the sauces/toppings OF YOUR CHOICE, which is why they provide those tableside.  2 sauces, limes, salt, and the pickled onion/pepper spicefest is quite a variety of things that add moisture to a taco (obviously not the salt).  Sushi is also quite dry without soy, and flavorless without ginger, etc. that is why those are provided on the side for you to add.  I don't get why this is such a difficult concept for some to understand.  Taco Bell tacos are AMERICANIZED, if that's what you want, then go there and have that.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2014,10/28/2014,82,90,5,6,5>Stopped here as a turn around point in a bike ride from the Hoover dam (12.6 miles each way and a gorgeous ride).Galena is a cute little town that started as an old mill town and there is about a one block section of "downtown" and that's where the galena diner is.I ordered the Molly's Benedict thinking I would eat one muffin and force the other in my friend who "wasn't hungry".  Think eggs Benedict minus Canadian bacon add real bacon and FRESH delicious tomato and spinach. Ohemgee...this was amazing...and I ate the whole dang thing!My none hungry friend ate the fruit bowl which had some yummy deliciously fresh fruit including mango and some interesting melon.The service was fast and friendly...definitely Midwest small town! There were some tables outside but they were full when I was there so we sat inside.  Nothing fancy just old school diner and clean...lots of old photos on the walls to check out.I'm looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/27/2014,22,115,5,6,6>I stopped by for a long Friday lunch with a couple coworkers.  It's a cozy little restaurant that's clean with a lot of natural light.  We seated ourselves and were brought a pitcher of water with three glasses.  We weren't asked if we wanted anything else to drink, but their is a display case of bottled sodas.  Tea is in the back of the restaurant and is self serve.  The tea has a strong cardamom flavor with a familiarity I couldn't pin down.  After a few minutes I realized I was tasting the same cardamom flavor of Pan Parag Pan Masala (type of betel nut)!  It was hot but refreshing at the same time.We started off with three appetizers: baba ganoush , something called kadh o bademjoon, and hummus.  The hummus was my favorite.  It was very smooth and creamy; very different than other versions out there.  The baba ganoush had an almost burnt flavor.  I liked it, but probably the least.  The kadh o wasn't the prettiest dish, but it had a nice tart flavor from the eggplant skins.  these were all served with a basket of toasted pita bread.  The pita bread was dense and a little hard, but that was a good contrast to the three smoothly pureed starters.My entree was the lamb shank accompanied by rice and a salad ($13.99).  The salad itself was just a basic lettuce, onion, and tomato with Italian dressing, but it was a nice accent to the other meal components.  The rice had a buttery flavor and they give you an extra pat of butter to add.  The shank was fall off the bone tender accompanied by a rich broth.  I dusted everything with the sumac powder and had one of the better lunches I can recall in quite sometime.  I had a bite of both the ground chicken and beef kabobs and realized its hard to go wrong with anything you order here.  Everything was so flavorful and cooked perfectly.How in the hell have I missed this place for so long?  Everything is familiar but different at the same time.  The names and ingredients were the same as other Middle Eastern food I've tried, but it was still very unique.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,10/26/2014,93,276,3,4,4>I'll be honest, I have absolutely no experience going to any professional soccer stadiums besides Crew Stadium. Thus, I have no frame of reference. But I can say that I like this one pretty darn well. It's organized in an efficient and easy to figure out layout. The staff all seem friendly. It's always clean. I suppose the only drawback is that when the sun is high in the sky, it gets awfully hot no matter where you're sitting because there is absolutely no cover. But that's pretty common at most sports stadiums so you just have to expect it and slather on the sunscreen and bring the sunglasses.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/25/2014,99,131,7,9,5>well.... We walked in here on a whim, actually it was bc of the wives (happy wife happy life and all). 4 of us sat outside. The outside seating is is a little odd for four people. All the seats sit next to each other facing the road. so conversations would be tough, luckily I have huge vocal cords and am a loud talker (I am not entirely sure if this is true, just go with it). It is also a little odd since you are  facing the folks who are walking by, again I am lucky since I was given the gift of having a conversation with anyone so it was not that big of a deal. A few people stopped and asked how it was and we all said great. I can see where this could make some people uncomfortable. The food was pretty awesome, I got the chicken, my buddy got the pork belly and the 2 ladies also got chicken. We were all very pleased with our meals, infact I was stuffed, which doesn't happen often. We all got wings as an appetizer, I HIGHLY recommend them. As my buddy said such phrases, "ohh man these are tits" and "ohh these are the bees knees"! So they where pretty awesome! They are coated in a cinnamon and sugar rub, you don't expect it, just like you don't expect getting a blowie on your first date, but its a great surprise!  Just let both things happen and your day will not go wrong! During our meal we found out that all the meat came from a farm in Delaware, Oh and all the veggies were local. It says a lot about a company that gets EVERYTHING local. We came to this knowledge when the owner came out on a Sunday evening to see how everything was. Really nice guy and passionate about Ramen. I will definitely be back!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,10/24/2014,125,159,3,6,4>This is what I'm talking about - a real good old boy BBQ Shack!! Seems like a simple concept - everything smoked on the premises, sides made every day, everything made to order.  No frills, just great BBQ.  Could see smoke and smell BBQ before I even got there!!  It's kinda hidden behind a Wendy's and some other buildings but it sits in its own little oasis!!Even though its only been open a few weeks, I've had about everything.  They have the meat staples down - brisket, pork, ribs, corn, chicken - they also offer turkey legs and a few other items not usually found at BBQ joints, and I'm told some seasonal offerings will be forthcoming (grilled sweet corn right now!!).First off, the brisket - nicely rubbed and great smokey, meaty flavor. Moist and served on a great bun - not the soft, "wonderbread" bun a lot of places give you, but a nice homemade bun that held up to the sauce and meaty juices.  The pulled pork was also spot-on with the same spicy-smokey flavor that is in the brisket, lean, juicy and hot.  Both delicious.  The sides were good, I've had the tater salad and beans (with lots of bits of BBQ meat and fat for flavor).  Staff tells me everything is made each day so when its out, its out!!!The best thing I've had so far were the ribs - great spicy/smokey flavor, but tender and meaty.  The rub was tasty but did not overwhelm the meat.  Could really taste the meat through the smoke and rub and they were really tender, juicy and sauced appropriately.  Slap yo momma good!!!Kind of a new concept of "drive through" BBQ.  Due to the "made to order" nature of this place, I had to wait a couple minutes in line, but it was well worth the short wait.  They have a walk-up window and picnic tables around if you want to eat there.  The staff told me that there is a jazz band outside on Wednesday nights, another pleasant twist on the normal BBQ joint in town.  The place is really new, but the BBQ already belongs with the best in town, the ribs are as good as I've had anywhere else.  Nothing not to like about this joint.  I'll drive through whenever I'm in the area!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,10/23/2014,59,98,2,6,4>Tried this place for the first time yesterday and I must say I was pleasantly surprised with how good my burrito was. I got the Bangkok burrito which had a lot of good flavor from the cilantro lime rice, peanut sauce, and steak. The meat was tender and not over cooked. Overall the flavors went together very well. This place is definitely a step outside the box from your typical chipotle, and definitely worth a try! The salads looked delicious as well and everything had a great portion size.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,10/22/2014,51,317,6,3,3>You know those places where you say "How have I never reviewed this place?  I've been here DOZENS of times!"  Well, this is one of those places.  I'm just not sure how it happened.  I used to live in the Brewery District.  And I love me some Reubens.  I am truly puzzled.  I'll get over it.  On to the review - Katzinger's is just one of these beautiful delis where the sandwiches can't be beat, and they have all sorts of other things to tempt you with - cheeses, breads, snacks, olive oil, butter, desserts....  the list goes on and on.  My problem is I get the same thing EVERY time.  I can't help it.  I love Reubens.  Love them.  My husband always branches out and tries a different sandwich, last time he got some lox on a bagel which put him in seventh heaven, but I always get the Reuben.  Except one time.  I got the corned beef hash...  which really is a Reuben, deconstructed without kraut.  But folks, the Reuben is REALLY that good.  Unless you're not a kraut or a rye fan (I'm looking at you, hubby.) at which point it's a corned beef sandwich.  But that buttery toasted ooey gooey sandwich is up there with the best Reubens in the country.  Yes, it's expensive, and that's the only thing that keeps this from being five stars.Walk in, sample some bread and cheese, order your sandwich, get yourself a pickle, and chomp away!!!!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,10/21/2014,247,207,3,4,5>This is such a cute little location. I got a small in the banana French toast with dark chocolate, and it was delicious! Everything about Jeni's is great! The employees are friendly and happy to let you try flavors. They have their staple flavors, but they always have seasonal and perennial flavors too. This is great at Easton for you to pick up some ice cream while shopping! Or if you're leaving the mall, grab a pint to take home!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,10/20/2014,92,300,4,3,4>Holy crap, that's delicious! You might want to bring a friend who speaks Mandarin if it's your first time as they don't always have an English speaking staff member around. As stated in a previous review, don't come here for General Tso's. Do come here for the amazing spicy peppercorn beef made with szechuan peppercorns! Such an incredible flavor, almost familiar and new at once. Also, not everything comes with rice, so be sure to ask if you want it. The soup looked delicious as well, plus they have the guava juice with pulp in it! Can't wait to return!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/19/2014,63,78,2,5,6>I went here with the guy for restaurant week. I got the seafood stew as an appetizer and he started with the calamari, both were very good. For our entrees I chose the filet with delicious mashed potatoes and some sort of bbq-ish glaze that was so good I could drink it, he got the chicken pancetta pasta. For dessert of course I got the chocolate ganache thing and he got the creme brulee. We each had a couple glasses of wine and had dinner out on the patio, they have live music several nights a week. The service was great our waitress was fantastic. When heading in we thought it would be a nice restaurant week place to go and leave it at that but after the food and experience we will definitely be back! So good.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/18/2014,42,196,4,3,3>I finally get to update this review for the better. The service has improved in terms of friendliness and promptness. Also, I got to try the food and it was pretty good! We ordered calamari which was light, crispy, and not rubbery at all. It came with some marinara sauce as well as sweet chili to dip it in. I was quite impressed with the quality. I also ordered a meatball sub, which was decent. The meatballs had good flavor as well as the sauce. It was a big portion for the price, which is nice. We also got a chicken salad and the wife commented that she liked it.Everything else from my original review still applies. I like the atmosphere and the beer selection is very good for the area. They have a beer connoisseur working behind the bar so if you need a recommendation, don't be afraid to ask. The only problem I had was that the food took forever to get out, and they don't really seem to have a system for delivering it. Several times I noticed the staff wandering around looking for the correct place to go. Combined with the fact that it is "seat yourself" and no host station, it looked confusing for the employees.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,10/17/2014,57,115,1,4,6>Columbus Commons is a fantastic space! Super excited for this new addition to the city. Honestly I wish they would hold the Pride festival here or an Electronic Music show (hint, hint if anyone wants to organize one with me). It would be a great space for it. I saw THE GIRLS! play there recently and they totally rocked it out. The sound of the stage (not the band...just to clarify) could be much improved. Overall, I love this idea. If you've not been go. Especially great for young kids who want to run around in the city and not get hit by a car.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,10/16/2014,19,222,5,5,4>Definitely a hidden gem!   Please don't read my review.I have been driving by this place regularly without giving it much thought.  There are so many things about it that sends off mixed signals. It's name created images of something other than home made ice cream for me.  It's located in a small strip mall that shows its wear which was not especially inviting.  I saw a recent Yelp review and was like ... hey, that's close by!Step inside to a small, family owned ice cream shop that has one long freezer counter on one side, a handful of indoor tables along another and two walls plastered with photos of patrons enjoying their treats for 14 years.   I met the owner who is a sprite, charming and proud woman.   She was all to happy to tell us about her ice cream.   Her staff were just as pleasant to help with deciphering the wide selection of flavors.  There are a lot of flavors to choose from, including their special selection of 15 international flavors.   They eagerly encouraged tasting samples.  I went with the International Trio Sampler as I wanted to try a few different kinds.  I had the Pista Kulfi, Falooda Kulfi and the Fire and Ice.   The Pista and Falooda were creamy, subtle flavors without being overly sweet or heavy fat content.    They were quite refreshing.  They placed the more adventuresome Fire and Ice scoop at the bottom of the dish.   The owner encouraged me to dip down through the bowl and so blending the fiery scoop with the more mellow scoops.  I would have to agree with her that seemed the better way.   The Fire and Ice has a potent kick.   I sampled some of the Salty Caramel from my cohort.  All tasted great!  I've already been thinking about other flavors I want to try.I hate the long lines at other locally popular shops and have been known to walk away because they were so popular.  I'll definitely be coming back to this quiet little gem.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,10/15/2014,56,250,3,6,5>I first heard of this place a few months ago when I was complaining on Facebook that it was so hard to find a good place to get my car serviced.  A friend of mine Michelle L was highly recommending a place called Hometown Auto so I decided to check it out.  My initial visit there was to get my fiance's car looked at as it was running sort of rough.  They have a package deal there where they look at the car and determine if it's worth keeping and spending money on or selling it and "cutting your losses".  They did a once over her car and did some work on it for a reasonable rate and we determined to keep it for another year would be the best plan.  At this point I was pretty impressed with the place because of their minimal issues they found, their pricing and overall friendliness so figured I would give them a try the next time my car needed serviced.I also noticed they do auto detailing, which I've never had my car detailed before but as it was a 2007 model it was getting to the point where it could use it.  I wasn't aware they did this and had been looking for a place to get my car detailed.  Very interesting.  So I went ahead and inquired about this to Tim and he said he thought there was a special they could email me for half off their base package, so instead of it being $150 for interior/exterior basic cleaning it would be $75.  I told him thanks, to please send to me and he said to keep an eye out in my email.  Got home and lo and behold Amazon Local had already emailed me the special so I immediately signed up for it near the end of May (spring cleaning eh?).  I did get their email and set everything up via email which was nice as many places simply ignore email or take months to get back to you on something (this infuriates me to no end - if you have an email address then reply to customers, if you don't want to do email then don't put it out there!)So yesterday morning I dropped my car off at 7:30am (they open at 8am but Tim was already there and was nice enough to open early) and per our prior conversation via email I asked them to not only complete the detail but also give the car a good check-up as we would be taking some trips in the near future so I wanted to make sure my car was ready for the summer.  Got a call that afternoon that my brakes needed replaced but everything else looked good to go.  I approved the request to install new front brakes and he said they would call when it was ready.  About an hour later or so I got the call it was ready to pick up.So I arrive to pick up my car and notice immediately how great it looks from the exterior cleaning they did.  It looked pretty much like the day I bought it!  I had recently gotten into a minor accident on the rear of the car and gotten some paint on my car and was happy to see they had gotten all of that off at no extra charge.  Upon paying for my car and talking a bit with Tim and I presume his wife, I went out to inspect the detailing.  The car looked really good, I looked it over from top to bottom to try to find anything they missed but they missed absolutely nothing..They were able to get some minor stains out of my seats which was nice.  I also noticed there wasn't a single cat or dog hair in my car, which was a miracle I think, LOL.  Every little aspect of the car was completely 100% clean.  I swear it looks brand new, they simply did an incredible job!  And remember, this is the base package of $150.  I tipped them a good amount and told Tim I'd definitely be back.  I also appreciated the fact they didn't give me any attitude about using a coupon to save half off the detail, of which I've heard some places tend to do.  Nor did they tack on any extra charges which some places do as well.  The price was what they said it'd be up front.  This was the first time I'd ever had my car detailed and it turned out much better than I imagined it would.  I have heard some detailers don't really do as good of a job as others so I didn't know what to expect.  I'm extremely picky and neat when it comes to my car so I really didn't believe anyone could make me 100% satisfied but thankfully I was not letdown by Hometown Auto!  I'm so glad I found a great place in Westerville to both get my auto repair work as well as my detail work done...thanks again Michelle!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/14/2014,34,113,5,8,9>To truly know Columbus' green spaces one must start with the cities many ravines that randomly cuts the landscape in the heart of the city. There is no better example of them then Glenn Echo, the Olentangy watershed gouge whose stream starts at the origins of Summit/4th Street and makes its way to the river until obstructed by High Street, then flows through a draining pipe known locally as Hell's Gate. The park is a wilderness escape in the midst of the cities most dense neighborhood. Looking down from its steep cliff on Cliffside Drive one is impress by its natural beauty. A wooden staircase brings one down into the ravine, where a small bridge takes explorers over the ravine's stream. There are not many man made things--the path, some picnic tables, and a few informative plaques are the only reminders of civilization. The wealth of trees, plants, birds and other critters makes this a goldmine for those interested.Towards the cliff one can see exposed the bedrock that the Wisconsin Glaciers rubbed away thousands of years ago to make the ravines. The path continues with the stream to the scenic Indianola Bridge ( a side trail takes you under impressive hillside apartments to a bridge supporting Arcadia Avenue that is pretty ugly in comparison.)   Underneath the bridge is a nice mural celebrating the bird life found in the park. Beyond is a small foot worn trail that leads towards High; with the chlorophyll green of the wilderness crowding around you, one would think you were in the boondocks of Hocking Hills, not in a busy neighborhood. If one blacked-out during a bender and awoke here, one would wonder if he was abducted by aliens and left in the western wilds. Glenn Echo has a place in my heart; as a student years ago, I would walk here from my slumlord student pad on Summit to shake off depression of school, money, or social problem. The quiet, peaceful beauty of the ravine would get the endorphins flowing, and recharge my gumption for life. That in itself is 5-stars. Since then, the park has only gotten better, with help of a group of locals dedicated to keeping the park pristine and fighting the threats of erosion and urbanization. You can tell a lot of money and love has been put in action here. This is truly a local treasure.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/13/2014,64,129,3,7,5>Unbelievable.I had heard of this gelateria through word of mouth, and a friend who "liked" their photos on Instagram.I had been dying to try this place.Believe me when I say, they are not shy of authenticity at all. I visited Coppa Gelato on a Sunday evening around 7:30. We got there before a crowd lined up outside the door.Staff are incredibly knowledgable about their menu and what flavors compliment the other. Samples are available, so I had to try the pistachio, which I had heard was their best flavor.I chose the medium size, which is three scoops, and or three flavors. I had to get the pistachio, and I also chose the "B'Urban" Meyer, as well as the chocolate-covered raspberry.The gelato is so creamy, it melts in your mouth. They place a wafer on top that greets you with, "Ciao!" The cafe itself is gorgeous. That Linda Davis knows what she is doing--she is one talented lady. I met her husband, who had rang up our order. Linda studied in Italy, and learned how to make TRUE gelato. This place is unforgettable, and I will be back for many more visits.Welcome to Columbus, Coppa! I hope you stay for a long time to come!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,10/12/2014,81,69,5,2,4>Katalina's is one of those gems that you might not always think about first, but when the name gets brought up that's the end of the conversation. Nestled in the depths of Victoria Village, Katalina's appears like a roadside bodega, lights shining, happy people sitting out on the large deck enjoying colorful food, very inviting but with a touch of mystery. If you hadn't asked a local or consulted yelp, it would be a fairly random place to stop.But good god stop the car immediately and go inside. Pancake balls are a rare delicacy that will literally cause you to pause mid bite and let out a long, disgusting noise. The kind of noise you hear only on cooking shows or gratuitous soft core pornos... you might even scare yourself with how indulged you actually become. But this is food we're talking about so don't be frightened just finish the pancake ball and move on to the main course.Personally I love the fact that they serve breakfast all day because Brinner is one of the most magical meals you can have. I could go on and on and on about the menu, about the large selection of hot sauces, or more about the pancake balls but please just go and see for yourself. Ga'damn.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/11/2014,197,114,4,5,4>Updates: Open on Sundays (thank god. Now I have someplace to go)It just past my 1 year anniversary of meeting Mission. Here are a couple things I've learned from spending way too much time here. They rotate coffees which keeps life interesting! Everyone here is so awesomely friendly that I don't mind spending all day here. Don't be afraid to ask for a tall glass of water or soda water. Bagel and cream cheese is such a good deal at 2 bucks.  Add honey. Trust me. Never park your car across the street in the lot unless you pay; they DO tow *not speaking from experience. Music can get loud, so bring your headphones.Refills are 1 dollar. I love coffee.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,10/10/2014,42,170,4,5,3>Probably the best meal I've had in Columbus.  I love this place.  When I go to a steakhouse, I want an old school place, and The Top delivers.  It's dark--practically windowless in the main dining area.  Dark wood paneling.  Little lamps on the table.  Tony Bennett in the background.  Everything in the place, with the exception of the TVs at the bar, looks like it's straight out of the 50s and 60s, but yet still in very good condition.  You could film Mad Men here if you lost those TVs.On to the food.  The bread, for starters, was great.  You usually don't think much about the bread, but this bread is kind of unique because it has a very salty crust, which pairs nicely with the slightly sweet butter.  My salad was also great--best Caesar dressing around.  Obviously homemade and not out of a bottle.  The shrimp cocktail was fantastic.  Five gigantic shrimp with fairly potent cocktail sauce.  The NY strip was perfectly cooked, flavorful, and delicious.  The au gratin potatoes were among the best I've ever had.  The baked potato was good, and the server brought out a butter and sour cream server and slathered our potatoes with heaping portions.  I love a good buttery potato, so it was perfect.  I washed it all down with a couple of stiff Manhattans.Our meal was on the pricey side, but that's what you expect from an upper echelon steakhouse.  Definitely a place we'd save for special occasions, but in the future, I will look forward to those occasions.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,10/9/2014,37,214,1,8,7>My fiance (aka The Boy) and I recently adopted a couple of cats from a shelter. We looked around for vets close to our home and settled here. Boy, are we glad that we did. We had to take one kitty in a week before their scheduled check-up because of an issue. They were able to work us in on a Saturday morning so we could get him checked out. We saw Dr. Fu and he was, well, serene. He came into the room slowly and quietly. Both he and the vet tech spent time petting our kitty and letting him acclimate to them. So when the exam started, he didn't struggle or get stressed at all!When we brought both cats in for their check-ups, we had Dr. Fu again. And, again, he was serene, calm, and quiet with both cats. One of our kitties has a mysterious medical issue going on and Dr. Fu has been nothing but helpful while trying to figure out the next steps for our care. Honestly, I can see why they have such stellar reviews. From the from desk staff to the vet techs to the doctors, everyone was so nice and sweet to the pets and us. If you're looking for a vet on the East side, you should check these guys out.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/8/2014,82,114,6,7,6>Don't even consider not considering coming here for amazing pizza....just don't. It's good, real good. These pies are wood-fired, can be loaded up with an unlimited choice of toppings (the good stuff too), are made with quality ingredients and they taste amazing. They can be a little pricey in relation to what you usually pay for pizza....parking can be a pain sometimes and their amazingness draws quite a crowd. Don't let the cons deter you, get in where you fit in and try some Harvest pizza!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,10/7/2014,42,300,2,5,3>This location holds a special place in my heart.  I was a huge Hoggy's fan.  We used to come to this location in college for $0.10 wing night and Hoggy's always had the best wings in town.  It must be something to do with this spot, because now the Crafty Pint has the best wings in town.  They are smoked.  Grilled cripsy.  Tossed in a house made honey bourbon sauce, all which adds up to a perfect wing.  They even make their own blue cheese which is super creamy and smooth.  Like Hoggy's they also have potato skins with pork.  They were pretty good, at least 4/5 stars worth.  Not quite as much flavor as Hoggy's had but pretty darn close.  I also tried the Duck Flatbread pizza which was also pretty darn good.  It was grilled so perfectly that it had grill marks on it.  The duck was soft and not greasy and paired well with a sweet and spicy arrangement of toppings.  The draft list was pretty awesome and they features a lot of local brews and Ohio brews.  Most were $5-7 which is reasonable.  A flight of four is $11 and probably about 16oz total...not really worth it unless you want to taste.  They didn't really tell me the tasting rules, but I did taste one beer in addition to the one I chose to drink, it came in a very small shot glass.  I'm not sure if they would let you taste 2-4 like the other gastropubs in town.The service is also something they must have inherited from Hoggy's...it was pretty slow considering the restaurant was pretty slow.  They only give you one beer menu and we both had time to look it over and the food menu before our server brought us water or even said hi...it was a bit of time.  The trend continued the rest of the night.  I didn't like it that other servers were walking around and didn't clear our dirty plates.  Most other gastro pubs and craft beer type restaurants will clear your plate when walking by, not just your own server. I don't know if 101 Beer Kitchen just started a trend in town based on their success, the industrial rustic theme, lots of craft beers, flavorful menu with relatively cheap food and lots of made from scratch items (also open up in an old Hoggy's)...either way restaurants like this one and Kraft House No. 5 are trying to copy 101BK's success with varying results.  If 101 is 5 stars and this place is 4 I have to lower my rating of KH5 to 2 stars from 3 based solely on the food and beer selections between the other two gastropubs.  Just a few tweaks mainly on service and server training and this place could easily be 5 stars.  Gastropub dining should be a pleasant experience where the servers act like your friends and take care of you, all of them down to the hostess and the managers.  I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,10/6/2014,61,84,3,5,6>LOVE THIS PLACEMy Girlfriend and I recently became a vegetarian and this place was one of the places we decided to stop by because they have vegan hot dogs. Let me tell you the menu for this place is way longer then you would anticipate, and the names of the dogs are all really unique and sometimes funny. But all the food is good, its one of those menus where you feel like you have to come here like every day for a month so you can experience every dog. Last one I had when we went here had tater tots on it with cheese and peppers. that was some good stuff!An interesting option they do their menu is they will ask you what kind of hot dog you want, and then which hot dog style do you want it prepared as, so you choose a normal hot dog, veggie dog, and then your order the style you want it that's listed on the menu. They also sell beer and drinks at the bar. Staff are all really friendly and helpful if you have any trouble deciding what kind of dog you want. It's a fun place to go if you don't want to have too serious of a date. I love this place and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,10/5/2014,171,384,7,5,3>I don't understand this place. Not the cash only part, I go to Crabill's Hamburgers in Urbana, and they're cash only, so I'll forgive everyplace for being cash only for a while.I walked in, and I almost wasn't sure they sold... anything. But while my friend was getting tattooed down the street, she sent me here for a cup of coffee ("You look like shit" was the essence of what she said).So, I got coffee. French press coffee. Damn. That was some good coffee.No bullshit coffee. I like this.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,10/4/2014,60,266,4,4,5>Definitely a hidden gem in the Delaware area. The only way I found them was by the public parking behind the main downtown area and that was because of a sign they have conveniently placed at their back entrance. They had me at confections, so I had to stop in and see what this little hole in the wall was about. The strong aroma of ground Coffee fills your nostrils as you enter in. Not really a coffee drinker, but it smelled delicious if that justifies anything to you real coffee drinkers. This place is teeny tiny, but enough space for a few regulars sitting on their laptops and reading the paper. There are spots to chill with a friend, but since we were just getting some chocolates we decided not to linger around. I'm assuming one of the owners helped us. She was very friendly and thanked us for coming in. While I was a little bit disappointed that this place does not grind their own coffee, nor is their chocolates made in house... It's understandable and it was explained that they just do not have the space.. and it's true. The building is tiny and once you have the coffee, espresso machines and show cases.. it leaves little work space. I'm giving them kudos and good stars, because they carry good quality stuff AND it's all local. The coffee is from Mechanicsburg and the Chocolates are from MARIE'S over in West Liberty. AND ya'll must know... Marie's is my ultimate.. numero uno favorite chocolate EVER, so the fact I don't have to drive all the way to West Liberty makes me one happy lady!I hope good things happen for this tiny coffee/confections spot.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/3/2014,115,228,4,4,4>You know, Oldfield's doesn't seem like it would be a hip little bar; but even though it's right next to campus, it's not full of douchey campus people, and that's already a huge plus. You can go in on a Saturday night and they're reasonably busy but not so jam-packed you can't find parking or get a drink. There's a side patio, a kitchen that serves pretty decent and decently-priced food (though the Irish nachos are kind of dreadful, don't get those--the sandwiches are pretty good). What really surprises me about Oldfield's is the drink selections. It looks like the kind of place that would primarily serve Bud Light; while you can, of course, get PBR there, they also have a good selection of beer and local Ohio liquors--even more than just the standard Columbus stuff. Yay, drink local!I've always had good service and they serve food after midnight, so that's a big plus. My husband works second shift, it can be hard to find an intersection of decent food + drinking + not a huge hassle to get to if we want to go out on a weekend (cos he's tired after work, yo).So yeah. Oldfield's. Funny--I used to live around the corner and almost never walked over, but I'll drive from OTE for the chill atmosphere.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,10/2/2014,43,44,5,5,5>It's not your typical coffee shop. It's not really quiet enough for you to sit down and study, as I tried to yesterday. It's more of a community hang out place. While I was there I saw a lot of people chatting with each other, many just arriving and many going. Saw two friends who apparently hadn't seem each other in a while only to meet here. It's setting isn't really within a neighborhood as it's right by the highway and nationwide childrens hospital, yet it feels like a small neighborhood shop. It's got a fun vibe. The coffee doesn't seem anything particularly outstanding to me, coming from Seattle where coffee shops are a dime a dozen, but the place has a neat ambience. I could sit and spend an afternoon relaxing here. While I didn't try any sandwiches, they seemed reasonably priced at $6. A large vanilla latte ran me $4, pretty typically priced. Oh, one thing I didn't like though was that they only used disposable cups. I woulda thought they'd have coffee mugs for use in-house.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,10/1/2014,98,153,3,6,6>I really enjoyed our visit here. I was at first deterred because it is in a strip mall. I don't know why though. Some of my favorite sushi places have been in strip malls. The interior was very nice and pretty spacious. The service was very good. Our waitress was very friendly and offered suggestions. They also has a nice dinner for two combo that I wish we tried. I was dumb and didn't notice it until after we ordered. I enjoyed everything we ordered. It was pretty comparable to other sushi places I have been to and it wasn't super pricy. It was about 30 for my husband and I.  My only complaint was that the spicy tuna could have been a bit spicier. I didn't mind too much since I love wasabi. I am excited to come back here again since the service was good and the price was right. There was a decent selection on the menu and I would like to try different things next time.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,9/30/2014,20,128,1,5,3>I never venture out from the comforts of Clintonville/Downtown/Grandview dining, but boy, I'm so glad that I did.  I've been hearing foodie rumblings about this place for a bit and when a friend recently suggested that we dine here for a girl's night out, I was super excited.  First, the ambiance.  This establishment is reminiscent of New England and honestly, I could not tell that I was in Delaware, OH.  Of course, this area has a vibrant community thanks to Ohio Wesleyan, but I always seem to forget that.  Anyways, great people watching.  If that's your thing, sit at the bar.  Lots of visual variety.Next, the cocktails.  The bar menu is very innovatively crafted with tons of craft beers and cocktails that incorporate beer.  I had a bourbon based drink (The Blackberry Forrester) and it was very delicious and not overtly sweet.  My friend had the Sinner (vodka, St. Germain, lemon, simple syrup) and again, it was well-balanced and very refreshing. For our appetizer course, we split the whole roasted cauliflower served with goat cheese.  I'm loving the new trend of cooking vegetables like meat and letting them take the center piece.  The cauliflower was perfectly roasted and tender, though I wish there were more crispy, caramelized edges.  The goat cheese was mixed with perhaps horseradish and it gave the dish a nice bite.  We also got the bread service which was totally worth it for $2 (small baguette basted with butter and sprinkled with parm; served with olive oil and butter).For dinner, I picked two smaller plates to truly get a feel for the place.  I firmly believe that one can determine the chef's skill by judging how s/he prepares and eggs.  So I chose the asparagus two ways (sous vide white asparagus and shaved crisp asparagus) served with a 62.5 degree sous vide egg and the Scotch eggs.  The asparagus salad was a delight and truly celebrated the seasonal vegetable.  The egg was perfectly cooked:  slightly runny exterior with firm interior.  The casing for the Scotch eggs was also delicious because it was sausage-y without being greasy.  The eggs were hard-boiled, but the yolk was still tender and bright yellow.My friends got the beet salad, beef tamale, and the beef cheek ravioli (all seasonal), and both proclaimed that the dishes were excellent.Overall, service was good--our waiter was attentive without being too pushy and was there at the appropriate times to take our appetizer and entree orders.  If you're a fan of New American cuisine, definitely give this place a go even though it's a hike!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,9/29/2014,884,714,6,19,13>What's that, you say? Vegan soul food??? Doth my ears deceive me?? Alas, they do not! Willowbeez SoulVeg operates much the same way the recently exploding hot chicken takeover does: they run pop up shops wherever they can or wherever makes sense to bring you a rarity in the culinary world, a near oxymoron - mostly vegan, if not, then vegetarian soul food. They operated out of 400 W Rich for a time and are calling the near east side cooperative market home on a regular basis these days. If you can track them down, I'd advise you to partake. There's a bit of a Caribbean flavor with items like curried cabbage and brown stew on the menu. The spice is right too, the dishes pack a lot of flavor. And vegan cornbread is a godsend. If that wasn't enough, Willoughby himself is known to host workshops to teach you to do it yourself. Give a man a vegan chili dawg, he'll eat for a day, teach a man to cook a vegan chili dawg, he'll eat them all day. I would anyway. A++ will try again.Apparently Facebook web sites aren't valid, even if that's their only site. So here it is facebook.com/WillowbeezS
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,9/28/2014,29,43,2,4,3>This place...seriously this place.  Cajun (and Italian) in Columbus, this is your stop!!  It also holds a special place in my heart growing up as this took over the former Ciao restaurant and just blew it out of the water.The first time I was here I had the best fried green tomatoes I've ever had in my life.  How can you make something so simple taste so good!?  Spaghetti and meatball here is just as amazing and I can't understand how!  Last time I was here I got the Pasta Russo and Calamari...both were mindblowing.  I'm not a huge fan of eating Italian when dining out but I would eat here any day of the week.The chef here really cares.  You can tell with every meal.  The first time I was here I was apartment hunting with my girlfriend.  He personally greeted us and was so personable about the area and told his story about how he got cooking.  It's a local business that I would support all day!!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,9/27/2014,42,96,2,6,4>If you weren't looking for it, you wouldn't even know the Hungry Soul Cafe existed, tucked in as it is on the first floor of a concrete parking garage a block away from 4th Street & Broad Street downtown.  It's the kind of location you'd more likely expect to find an accountant's office, or a law firm.The interior is a little worn; I'm assuming it's inherited from whatever restaurant/bar occupied the space before the Hungry Soul Cafe did.  Which isn't a bad thing; between the decor, and the cheery welcoming demeanor of all the waitstaff, I had the overall impression of eating at a friend's grandmother's house.Which brings me to the food.  Hungry Soul Cafe offers a full menu, but I went there for their daily specials.  On any given day they have at least two entrees, which reflect the cooking heritages of the husband and wife proprietors; respectively, traditional Hungarian cooking, and soul food.I confess that the day I went I didn't even bother to consider the Hungarian entree; rather, I went with the Southern-fried chicken with mac & cheese and collard greens.  It was a good-sized plate of food, enough for a filling lunch without making me need a nap afterwards - two pieces of fried chicken, and generous helpings of both sides.  The mac & cheese & collard greens were both solid, but it was really the fried chicken that was the star of the show - tender and juicy, with a beautiful flavorful crust.  If I have a complaint, it's that the chicken was white meat (I prefer dark) and deboned, but they're serving the downtown lunch crowd, so I guess you can't make people gnaw on bone-in fried chicken when they're wearing business suits.  Other specials include gumbo, and shrimp & grits, so check out the specials menu on their website to see what's served on which day.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,9/26/2014,10,135,3,3,4>I have taken my oldest son here MANY times and have never had any issues.  They always cut his hair just the way I ask them to.  I have called 30 minutes before closing and they always told me to go ahead and bring my son in and they will make time to cut his hair...even when there are men & boys still waiting.  I would def recommend them.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,9/25/2014,65,187,4,6,5>I chose Mezzo to celebrate my parent's anniversary.  The staff was great - we had a nice semi-private table with a helpful but not overbearing server.  The food was great, very seasonal and fresh tasting. Prices can't be beat.  Why would someone go to a crap chain Italian place when for $2 more per plate you can eat here and have a much better experience.  Even the wine bottle prices are reasonable.  For groups, dates, drinks, whatever, I'd recommend Mezzo in Dublin.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,9/24/2014,138,202,3,5,6>Love. Pistacia Vera's new spot in the North Market looks terrific. They prepare many items on site. Really friendly staff. They gave me a free macaron last time I was there. I love everything, especially the small but powerful chocolate cookies. Be sure to try them.The display case is eye popping perfection. Everything is so pretty, every item looks so flawless it makes you question reality. And it's absolutely spotless, not a crumb or a smudge anywhere on either side of the counter.Five stars. An outstanding addition to the North Market.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,9/23/2014,56,120,1,3,3>I really liked Yabo's and will be returning in the future. We really enjoyed the "Chips and Trio" including salsa, guac, and queso dip w/ yummy seasoned tortilla chips! We got a variety of tacos with different meats and tried the different sauces with them. Overall, I liked the chicken the best, and thought it had the most flavor.We really liked the Mosquito bites, which are fried mini meat and cheese stuffed burritos! The staff was friendly, and were very helpful when ordering for the first time. The flavors were fresh, and the prices were just right.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,9/22/2014,64,114,1,5,2>Can you believe I have never been here?  I have walked past this place more times than I can count on my way to other destinations.  Rigsby's has always been unattainable or least in my mind.  So yesterday I broke down and went to happy hour.  This place is pricey, bottom line - so don't come here looking for 1/2 price cocktails and appetizers.  However they do have specials that change each night , just ask the hostess.  Try the house made tonic with your Gin or Vodka and don't forget the small plates.  We feasted on Oysters Diavolo, Pork Belly, and several cocktails. I will definitely save my coins and come back for a sleek after work drink!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/21/2014,36,136,,4,6>How have I lived in Columbus this long and never been to The Angry Baker? Seriously, how??My sister and I stopped in around 9:30 on a Friday morning. All the tables were taken, but a nice couple sitting at the bar moved over a seat so we could sit down. I loved sitting at the bar. We could see the employees making our food, and it was fun just looking around the kitchen while we waited. I ordered the Fork & Knife Burrito, and my sister had the Tex Mex Tofu Wrap. My burrito was perfect. The tortilla was crunchy and stuffed full of avocado, black beans, salsa, cheese and potatoes. The siracha on top added a good amount of heat. It was fantastic. My sister didn't have any complaints about her wrap. All of this was served with fresh squeezed orange juice and Cafe Brioso coffee. The coffee and water is self-serve. The orange juice gets squeezed as soon as you order it. Both were outstanding. I decided to get a Caramel Cinnamon Roll to-go. When I ate it later that day, it was still soft and delicious. The caramel icing on top is not overly sweet or piled on thick. It was the perfect afternoon treat. I highly recommend The Angry Baker for a breakfast or brunch. I'm excited to try more items on the menu. My only tip would be to limit the number of people you come with, because the seating inside is very limited.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,9/20/2014,78,138,12,10,8>Oh, man.This was my first visit to Skillet and it did not disappoint.  I was surprised at how tiny this restaurant is.  It probably seats about 20 people, so you may very well have to wait.  The only real cons here are the lack of seating and the price tag.  We had two breakfasts, two coffees and a croissant and it came to $40.  Ouch.Was it well worth it, though?  Heck yes.  I honestly don't know what my com padre had, but she said it was excellent.  Let me tell you a small word picture about my Andouille Sausage Biscuits & Gravy, though (yes, every one of those words deserves to be capitalized).I just got back from North Carolina where I had biscuits and gravy cooked by an honest-to-goodness southerner.  They were excellent.  Yet, something called to me about this dish on Skillet's menu.  I ordered and patiently waited.  After a little bit, a dish appeared on the counter by the kitchen.  I could barely see it, but saw that it was piled high and had some sort of gravy involved.  I said to my wife Mabel*, I says, "Boy, I hope that's mine."  And it was.  It was two (I think) giant biscuits which were full and flavorful yet light and fluffy piled high with scrambled egg and smothered in rich sausage gravy.  Holy crap, guys.  No kidding.  This was the best thing I've eaten in a long time.  Next time I would get a cinnamon roll instead of the croissant.  The croissant was good, but the cinnamon rolls looked a-ma-zing.  I'll definitely be back to Skillet when I have the opportunity.* - Wife's name not actually Mabel, 'cause, nobody's named that anymore.  But this fit the story better.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,9/19/2014,67,179,5,8,8>Formerly Hal & Al's, one of my favorite neighborhood spots, it is now under new ownership and will be undergoing some big transformations over time. Currently, while they clean up the joint, they will be serving food off of the Tatoheads food truck menu, and it's being prepared on the truck parked out back. Still with a great selection of draft and bottled beers, the plan is to also add six taps for Rambling House Soda Pop! (If you haven't been there to try it, you need to go experience Rambling House.) Lots of cool plans and ideas in the works for this place. Change is hard to accept sometimes, but I'm really looking forward to this one!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,9/18/2014,12,81,7,6,6>Interesting place. I went to see a coworker perform  and that alone was pretty amazing, but there was another performer who danced so hard that they broke a very heavy metal bracelet that was on their wrist and it went flying into the crowd. I have a bruise on my arm from last night to prove it. Let's call it a souvenir. Every one was friendly. The only downside is that it was like a sauna. It was probably 90 degrees indoors and packed full of people. For some, this wouldn't be a problem, but I kept going outside so I didn't die. Also--the drinks are very very strong.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,9/17/2014,53,42,4,4,6>I like this corner store/gas station. It has a real small town feel to it. There's an area that's basically a small diner inside. They make fresh baked goods, provide a menu of breakfast and lunch items and also have a small deli case that has ( I do believe) homemade potato and macaroni  salad and a variety of lunchmeats and cheeses. I like to stop by here on my way home or on my way to work so I can do everything I need to do at one small place, as opposed to a Krogers or god forbid dealing with a Walmart line  The employees are very helpful but also laid back, all seem to enjoy being there. this pleases me.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,9/16/2014,33,244,3,2,3>Ok, let's get something straight: I enjoy coffee a lot.  I special order Organic Free-Trade beans wholesale from my favorite West Coast roaster.  I grind them myself, and brew coffee by the cup via Chemex.  All that, and it is clear to me that I don't care half as much about coffee as the people that work here.  This is the Midwestern Cafe Grumpy that I've been searching for.  I know, I'm an aging hipster; I'm trying to come to terms with it.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,9/15/2014,52,288,2,3,3>With bacon on top!In an effort to bribe my coworkers went to little for a dozen donuts and a bacon donut for my piece of mind.  It was not busy inside and the staff was very helpful.  Among the donuts for bribery were chocolate with chocolate chips, cinnamon swirl, strawberry shortcake, m&m and a few others.  I had the bacon donut extra and ate it after paying.  MAGNIFICENT AMAZING!  Under the bacon was a maple icing so each bite satisfies the sweet-salty phenomenon.   Just delicious.  It is a MUST EAT for any foodie
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,9/14/2014,31,164,4,5,5>I hope Akai Hana can use another fan because it's getting one.I've eaten there three times so far, the most recent one for lunch today. It should really be the benchmark for how other sushi establishments do sushi. You have options both standard and specialty, and there's quite a bit more for your sushi-phobic friends.I find the menu difficult to mentally parse, since the sushi isn't presented in any kind of easily skimmable list, as far as I can find. It's on colorful picture pages. Do you have to ask for a checklist or something? I've never been given one.So I've never really ordered a la carte. I've been getting different plates with names each time: Sushi A, Japan Special, Lunch Special. All have been great: the roll construction is perfect for consistency, flavor, and size for fitting in the mouth. The fish tastes fresh; the rice is a nice warm temperature in contrast to the fish. The miso soup is neither too bland nor too salty.There is a weekday lunch special consisting of two or three basic rolls, plus soup or salad, for $10.25 or $13.50. You can get the same deal elsewhere for less, but not so much less that quality ceases to become a factor. And I happened to have this lunch special shortly after having the equivalent one somewhere else, and this would win out every time. Whereas at the other location, I felt like the basic special rolls were made to be "discount sushi," here they tasted and felt just as important as the rolls anywhere else on the menu, just less elaborate.The Japan Special includes sushi and sashimi but also teriyaki, tempura, and calamari salad. There wasn't a single piece on my plate that wasn't a miniature masterpiece in a fancy box.The service is nice and not obtrusive; the food comes out within a reasonable timeframe. I'm too much of an explorer to stick to a single restaurant, but if I chose a go-to place when visitors are depending on me to pick a destination, I'd probably pick Akai Hana.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,9/13/2014,27,89,4,3,3>This food truck pulled up to my workplace and screamed my name. I walked up to them and the staff was super friendly and more than willing to explain everything on the menu. I eneded up withteh BBQ pulled pork dog wiht fries. SO SO SO SO SO SO GOOD!The pulled pork was just spicy enough, not breathing fire or anything, but just a kick. The dog was roasted to perfection and served on a texas toast style bun. The fries were some of the best I have had, beer battered then seasoned. I don't think I took a breath while eating. I will stalk Angry Wiener all over town to get another taste!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,9/12/2014,253,17,6,11,11>SUPER. Spicy. GOODNESS.Chili - This was seriously the best chili that I've ever had in my life! Although it was extremely spicy and I had beads of sweat piling up on my nose, I could not stop eating it! It was so yummy! Side note: If you need milk or cuban bread to help  tame the spiciness, ask a waiter/waitress...they'll hook you up!Jambalaya - This was also so amazing! Everything was cooked to perfection and all of the spices went well together. Any time that I've had jambalaya in the past, the chicken had been overcooked. I felt that here all of the meats were cooked well and the shrimp was perfect too! Although, there could have been more rice added to the dish, I will not complain. The fewer the carbs the better! I also had leftovers that could probably last two days...that's how large the portion was (or maybe I was stuffed from the big bowl of chili)!I would definitely recommend Starliner Diner to anyone who is looking for some spice and goodness in their life!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,9/11/2014,33,299,3,5,5>This is a gorgeous theatre, full of character and history. It's been nicely restored and well maintained, and is a true pleasure to look at. Due to its age, some of the old design does provide some challenges. It's not terribly handicap accessible. There are no restrooms on the upper levels, so it can get crowded on intermissions. There are many opportunities to visit, as they run a full slate of shows including Broadway, orchestra, BalletMet, the Summer Movie Series, and the like. There are a number of parking garages nearby that allow for easy access to the facility.A great place to see a show!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,9/10/2014,9,15,3,7,5>I stopped in tonight to check out the new neighborhood restaurant. I loved almost all of it. The decor is wonderful. The big red rooster on the roof is pretty eye catching  and the modern decor is soothing. I found the chairs to be uncomfortable but not to the point of distraction. The menu had a lot to offer. I had the lamb plate plus a chai latt. I wish the latte was warmer. I liked my lamb. I found the staff to be very warm and approachable; not at all pretentious. There is additional parking diagonal to the restaurant and the Cbus stops right across the street. If I could add a suggestion, I would recommend a dessert menu. I was hoping this Italian place would have tiramisu and sadly it didn't. I tried the chocolate cookies & found it to be rather dry and tasteless. The cookies at Northstar cafe are much better. Overall I would come here again and I'm really happy to see such a nice restaurant in Italian village.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/9/2014,20,133,1,7,5>I've been to the Refectory once before and the menu was fixed as it was part of a corporate meeting. I enjoyed it then and felt it was a place to go to celebrate an event. So, that's what we did. My cousin and I made a reservation as a celebration for her graduation. I phoned about 1 week in advance to make a Tuesday evening reservation - no problem.  The day of our reservation I was looking at their web site and found an "April Tax Relief" menu, which was a Prix Fixe menu and noticed it said to request the menu when making a reservation. I found this odd, but wanted to have the option to order from this menu. So, I phoned back and asked for the menu - no problem. I also had a question about one of the items on the menu - chicken with bacon bordelaise sauce - as I don't eat bacon and wondered if there was another sauce that could be substituted. The woman was unsure, but stated that she would check and call me back. I didn't think I'd get a call, in all honesty. I thought it was just what they *should* say. Low and behold, about 10 minutes later they called me back and let me know that it shouldn't be a problem as she talked to the chef and to let my server know so they could provide me with options. I was impressed.I arrived a few minutes early, checked in, and went to the bar while I waited for my cousin. I ordered a drink, bartender was very nice, and when my cousin arrived we headed to our table. The drink was easily transferred to the table, which was really nice.I must say, the service is impeccable. Some say it's pretentious, but they follow the etiquette from long ago. Even down to serving the food at the same time - literally placing the plates on the table at the same time. In addition, a few reviews have stated how long they had to wait in between courses or for the server to know when to take the order, etc. After traveling to Europe a number of times, including France, going out to dinner is a relaxing event, unlike the U.S. In most restaurants in the U.S., servers want us to eat quickly and leave so they can turn the table to get more tips. The Refectory seems to want you to enjoy your experience, take your time to enjoy the food and company you're with. I appreciate this. I did not feel rushed (thank goodness) and I took pleasure in the "wait" between courses. On to the ordering, food, and overall experience. The server was very kind when introducing herself and the other server that was going to be helping her. She asked if we were celebrating anything and I mentioned my cousins' graduation and travel for the Peace Corps, not thinking anything of it (this will come into play at the end). She congratulated my cousin and discussed the specials/menu and asked if we had any questions. When I mentioned to the server about the sauce on the chicken, she was happy to offer alternatives. She went to ask the chef and came back and stated that the chef was aware that I requested a substitute (wow!) and recommended another sauce (I forget what it was). Perfect! We both ordered the Prix Fixe menu. I ordered the Roasted Fresh Goat Cheese - chicken dish - salted caramel creme brulee and a cup of the tomato soup. My cousin ordered the quiche lorraine - pan seared tilapia and scallops - salted caramel creme brulee. In all honesty, I thought that the dishes would be smaller portions since it was off the prix fixe menu, but they weren't (see photos). All of the dishes were wonderful. The only critique I have is the chicken was a little dry, with the exception of the very middle, which was very moist. The goat cheese was A-Mazing and the creme brulee was some of the best I've had. The portion of the creme brulee is large and could easily be shared, especially after 2 full courses already. Neither of us could finish ours, but it didn't go to waste as they boxed it up for us. I do want to say that they brought my cousin's creme brulee out with a lit candle on top since we were celebrating her graduation. We both thought that was a great gesture and completely unexpected. All-in-all, we spent 2.5 hours there; about $100, which included 2 drinks, entire meal, and tip. We did not feel rushed (we would have stayed longer to chat, but both of us had to use the restroom with how many times they filled our water glasses), the service was top notch, and the food was wonderful. Although it is pricey, I would definitely return. As we were leaving, our server thanked us and wished my cousin safe travels to Africa for the Peace Corps. SHE REMEMBERED! For a server to remember something specific like that was impressive. Kudos to her and all of the staff at the Refectory for being attentive, kind, friendly, and provide such a specialized experience from the chicken dish to the celebration. Hats off to the entire team!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,9/8/2014,39,170,3,8,6>Yelp does it again!  My husband and I were interesting in trying something new, and yelp definitely delivered!My husband and I began with the pulled pork 'nachos', and also each ordered a bistro salad.  Both were AMAZING!  The nachos were thick ~~ like homemade vs purchased, and the pork was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.I ordered the duck gnocchi.  It was very good, a little more soupy than I was expecting (per description and other yelp pics), but still good... however, I think I'll choose something different next time.My husband chose the lamb shank.  He described it was succulent, and perfect.  He was very satisfied.  The zucchini the accompanied the lamb was amazing.  I don't know how they seasoned it, but they were phenomenal.We finished the meal with the creme brûlée (irish whiskey, I believe)... holy nuts!  Definitely worth the calories!In addition to an amazing meal, the service is fantastic!  Our server was on top of everything, even when she was sat with another party of 30 ~ no exaggeration, and all the other employees were just as helpful.Everything is sourced from Ohio, which is an additional bonus... and to add an additional factor, they have art from local artists for sale.We will definitely be back!  Maybe this weekend :-)
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,9/7/2014,185,387,4,7,8>My new go-to when suggesting a place to meet up with friends. We came two weekends in a row -- both visits included some musical performances. Nothing too loud or intrusive, just gentle bluegrass and good times. I love spending evenings in spaces like this where I can have a good conversation, and there's something to do besides just consuming alcohol (here, the music!).I love the vibe in here. It's perfect for winter coziness. Kind of a rustic, communal atmosphere.Beers are tasty, high gravity, and priced lower than I would expect.House made sodas are flavorful and pack a punch!One of our visits included a Pete Seeger tribute performance. The crowd was older in this case (like 65+) and they kind of didn't seem to understand the "band in a bar" idea. They thought it was like a CONCERT, so they were annoyed with our group for talking in the back by the bar. Generally speaking, though, the crowd seems to be that perfect ageless pocket, though I'd say it tends mostly towards the 28 - 40 range.Will be back again and again! There's no place like it in Columbus!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,9/6/2014,92,223,7,7,7>Just had the most successful housewarming party ever due to the folks at City Barbeque who helped make our whole meal. I ordered the B10 which feed 20+ people and man people went to town on the beef brisket tonight, it's probably because it was cooked right as I came in so it was nice and fresh for everybody.I even waited the whole day just to have this meal and it was awesome. I had flawless service from the staff here. They were awesome and when I came for my food they had it ready 30 minutes before I was even supposed to pick it up. I love service like this plus the fact they had a dude take the food to my car.Of course I was a little bit of the talkative girl tonight so I didn't go to town on all the food. Although there will be plenty of leftovers for the coming week so that I don't have to waste money going out to eat for lunch or dinner. I have both covered!!Thanks to the service and great food this night was great!!! I can't wait to use them again for another catering/take out meal.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/5/2014,77,87,1,8,5>Thank you, Yelp--what a great find! I've always wondered why there isn't a dedicated nail salon in Clintonville. (Eh, North Campus...close enough to the 'ville!) I needed my Spring pedi and a mani. A habitual nail biter at heart, I've been making an effort to grow my fingernails out the last few months. In the past, I've always gotten such "disapproval" by salon technicians because my nails are "short & stubby and hard to work with," which has made me self-conscious about going back for my hands. I had such a pleasant experience here. Vinny took great care and time with me and was really sweet. The salon was clean and functional. They had a huge amount of gel colors to choose from--like 100+. I got a traditional pedicure with regular polish and a mani with gel. I had a small cut on the cuticle of my middle finger and as he worked he continuously confirmed that he wasn't hurting me. Because of the cut, he was concerned that the polish would not adhere correctly and told me to come back if there was a problem. Fast forward a week--the only issue I am having is the one he suspected--the gel on the middle finger was peeling off. I stopped by to get it fixed up fully willing to pay him for his time and materials. He not only fixed the problem finger, but he "spruced" up the rest of my fingers with a filing & cuticle trim as needed and another clear coat for all. He said it was no charge--but I insisted on a tip. I honestly don't ever think I've gotten that kind of service in a nail salon before. Thank you!I will be back. I will tell all my friends. Let this be an example of how great customer service--even as small as a gesture or a smile--can win repeat customers and referrals for your business!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/4/2014,62,48,4,7,7>Boy, was I impressed the first time I visited Wolf's Ridge for lunch a few months ago: a green brewery with FANTASTIC beers! And much to choose from! And a new kitchen with one of the most memorable lunches I've had in a while! (duck confit nachos... mmmm...)Fast forward to a couple of weeks ago: I was a little fussy that the nachos were off the menu, but quickly got over it when I could hardly decide on what to have instead. Everything looked fabulous! I decided on the banh mi and it was one of the best decisions I've ever made. Not only is everything you will consume at Wolf's Ridge just delicious, the atmosphere is so welcoming, clean and bright. The service is friendly and spot on.Icing on the cake: parking is never an issue on 4th.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,9/3/2014,49,82,3,6,6>I love Jack's! I go every once in a while, but every time I do go - it is delicious. Imagine eating at a diner that makes you feel like you stepped into 1950s Columbus. Jack's helps preserve that feeling as you eat a cheeseburger and a fountain Coke. The milkshakes are also delicious.I will have to warn you that this place fills up during the lunch time due to the small size of the place. I would recommend getting there at 11:45am or after 1:00 if you do not want to wait for 20 minutes for a seat. There is also bar seating so you can watch the food being made.The waitresses are always friendly and on top of their duties in refilling soda and assisting with anything you need.I give Jack's 5/5 stars.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,9/2/2014,89,357,3,6,6>CHA (Citizens for Humane Action, if you're wondering! I couldn't find what the abbreviation stood for until I got there) is a great place to go if you're looking for a new animal.We had been considering a new cat, and we'd been to a few places. After doing some more research, I found CHA Animal Shelter. I looked at their available animals, and found one in particular that I was very interested in. After filling out an application on a Thursday, we went in to visit the cat on a Friday.This summer, they are running a promotion - $5 feline Fridays! What you get for that price is amazing - the animal has received standard veterinary care, as well as been microchipped and neutered/spayed. You also get 30 free days of pet insurance, some food to take home with you, the collar that they are wearing, and some identification tags. What a steal!We went to the shelter and sadly, the animal we'd been looking at had already been adopted. But the volunteers were very helpful and answered any questions we had, even pointing us to a few cats that had qualities we were looking for. The cages all have information on the pets, like where they came from, their ages, some personality traits. We fell in love with another cat, and after getting to know him (they have rooms with that purpose, which is really great) decided to take him home. The adoption process was thorough and informational, and we were able to discuss introducing our two cats. Everyone was very kind and helpful! We even received a follow-up e-mail asking about how our cat is adjusting and our experience at CHA.Overall, I would highly recommend CHA to anyone considering adopting an animal.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,9/1/2014,63,64,3,4,4>Quickly became my favorite coffee shoppe in towns.  Great ambiance, a plethora of comfy seating options both inside and out, very nice art throughout which is awailable for purchase.  Live music Friday and Saturday evenings, reasonable pricing and some really great caffeinated beverages.  I've sampled a really nice mango smoothie which was tasty, but the crown beverage which keeps me driving from Gahanna to Westerville to sit and sip whilst reading is the Apple Chai.  Dear lord, is it tasty.  I've been told it smells like dessert, and is divine.  If you wanna make a day of it, park, visit the wonderful Chocolaterie Stam, Java Central, Farmers Market and grab a bite at Pasquales.  You can even finish with drinks at Jimmy Vs!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,8/31/2014,67,461,2,9,7>I wondered if Columbus could ever compete head-to-head with Nashville on food simply because they were missing hot chicken. However, Joe has changed that dynamic!When I arrived, I asked how hot the Holy was and they told me it is equivalent to Prince's hot so I made sure to get that. If you guys have never had hot chicken, Holy will leave that hot taste on your mouth for an hour or two so be prepared. Served in a take out box that doesn't even close, I was getting a good size portion of chicken. I could tell Holy was spicy as bread underneath was no longer white with the chicken rested atop of it. The white meat alone was so good that I could've enjoyed 2 pieces without the skin. It was hot, juicy and just took me back to Nashville and the late night hot chicken runs.The mac and cheese and cole slaw sides were good too. I didn't need their house ranch to "cool down the Holy", but it had good flavor and was just a nice condiment to enjoy with the chicken. Nashville comparison: The white tender meat competes with Prince's and Bolton's. The skin is crispier than these 2 competitors but nothing like 400 Degrees (which can be too crispy at times). If you know Nashville's hot chicken market, this place can definitely compete. If I had to ding them for something, their sweet tea is not Southern sweet tea but could impress an Ohio native. (No mention of Hattie B's as it opened after I moved from Nashville.)
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,8/30/2014,17,87,5,4,5>I never used to take care of my old car and it got really rusty and eventually died (death not rust related, it was just old). RIP. Anyway, my mom passed her older, but nice and somewhat fancy car down to me recently. I'm all about getting car washes these days to keep it looking nice, and Moo Moo is where I like to go! I get the $8 wash, since it seems to be a safe bet. I just looove going through the car wash, seriously, it makes me happy. I love the rainbow soap or whatever it is. My car smells so nice afterward!!My car is usually not 100% dry and clean, maybe 90-95% dry and clean, so that's why only 4 stars. Some suggest bringing your own towel and wiping the rest off, but let's be real, I'm not that serious about it. Still have yet to try the free vacuums...I'm usually in a hurry, but one day I will vacuum my car! Enjoy the ride and relax!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,8/29/2014,28,115,6,6,7>When you think of waffles, you think of Eggos right? Of course you do. And you've loved them since you were a kid. The problem is that after trying just a bite of a waffle from here, you'll hate Eggos with every cell in your body. You'll feel like apologizing to your toaster for disgracing it with that breakfast smut. Taste of Belgium will take away your childhood innocence by teaching you what a real waffle is. It will be like the Easter Bunny and Santa all over again.    I stopped at this little waffle stand in North Market to get my son a waffle. He loves waffles. I just needed something to appease him while I ate all the grown up foods he looks at like a movie monster. I wasn't there for myself and had no intention of eating a waffle. But I tried a warm sample and actually said "oh my god" out loud. I could not believe a waffle could be that good.    These waffles are thick, soft, warm, sugar crusted clouds of decadence that will make your mouth feel like it was just seduced by a gorgeous little minx. It's a heavy, caky waffle, crumbly and dense yet somehow fluffy at the same time. Even dry with no syrup or toppings of any kind it is absolute heaven. But add some warm chocolate syrup and whipped cream and you won't care how high calorie it is; you'll embrace your body's jiggles. If you compare this to a frozen waffle, if you didn't know better you wouldn't even think they're the same food product at all or even in the same category.    The waffle magicians are also apparently adventurous there as well. They were making bacon crusted waffles while I was there, though there were none made for me to try. However I don't think I would try it. This confectionary heaven was not meant to be mated with salty and savory flavors. But I admire their adventurous nature.    My only problem was that I was a little turned off that they wouldn't honor my Yelp check in coupon that would have been worth $4. It's not a big deal but it's a very common occurrence with Yelp and Foursquare check in coupons. Businesses always act like they have no idea what you're talking about and of all the ones I've seen, the only place that ever honored the coupon was Greek Street Tavern in Upper Arlington. At Walgreens their check in coupon was an item that was already on sale for that price so everybody gets it, and that's a scam tricking you into thinking you're getting something special when you're not, plus you had to sign up for their shopper card to even get it. Many of the check in coupons are useless for various reasons but more often than not there's some excuse or another not to honor it. Taste of Belgium's reason: I forgot to mention it until a few seconds after I had paid for my order. The response was "well there's nothing I can do about it now." It's not a lot of money and I didn't make a big deal out of it but it's the principle. That's just being cheap and greedy. Don't put a coupon out there if every dollar is that important to you. This won't keep me from coming back though and otherwise the two women working there were quite pleasant and very pretty. They were even nice to my son and commented on how cute he is.UPDATE: to be fair, the manager here reached out to me and offered to make good on the coupon. I haven't made it out there yet because it's downtown and I'm in Hilliard, it's not an easy place to get to and park at, and eating there is kind of expensive and I haven't had the money for it. But hopefully by the time I do get back out there it won't be too late.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,8/28/2014,111,212,3,6,3>Walking through the North Market for the first time, Hubert's Polish Kitchen was the one stand that I was most eager to try. Admittedly, my exposure to Polish food has been minimal despite spending my childhood years in Toronto, which has large Polish community. However, I have ingested my share of pierogies.I ordered 3 pierogies and a small cup of bigos. The pierogies were huge and stuffed with potato, cream cheese and caramelized onions. $1.50 each, which is not bad considering their size (2x bigger than what i'm used to). I didn't see a meat option, but the cheese and potato pierogies were extremely flavorful with a perfect soft consistency. If i had to nitpick, the dough was a tad bit soft, perhaps overboiled or needing a bit of a sauté. Bigos is a Polish meat and cabbage stew. It was my first time trying the dish. A small cup was $4. The acidity of the sauerkraut was a little overpowering at first, but my palate adjusted and I found myself eagerly drinking every last drop. Next time i'll order it with the mashed potatoes or cabbage roll. I was missing a  carbohydrate component. I'm so glad this place is within walking distance of my future apartment. I anticipate becoming a regular.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,8/27/2014,73,88,2,4,3>This bar is really cool. I've been here off and on for a while now and have yet to have a disappointing experience. It has that sort of divey vibe but yet it also has that cool/hip feeling as you are in the place. They've really hit the balance of just the right amount of diveyness without going overboard into being a creepy sort of bar.In any event though one of my favorite things that they do here is the science pub. Last month I believe it was a talk on how the body processes alcohol, and irony aside it was an excellent experience. On other occasions I've managed to catch some live music, and on others took advantage of their happy hour (which is usually pretty good I hear).I have not had the chance to try the food yet, but I'm told it's some quality stuff. You'll just have to go and try it out yourself to find out.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/26/2014,90,188,5,6,6>It's the newest cocktail in Columbus; and that comes with a lot of pressure. I am a huge advocate and fan of Curio and MOUTON, so my expectation was instantly that this place will compete with those locations. I came in for a happy hour: a great cocktail for under $10 sounded way too good to be true. I wasn't disappointed. I ordered two old fashions and my friend picked up a Jack Rose (apple brandy),. Both were great drinks, made with precision and ease.My biggest qualm with this place is the space. The decor was a bit confusing. It was high-scale and clean, but it didn't seem to match the hardwood floors that came with the building it almost felt as though I was in an IKEA showroom built into an early 1900's warehouse. The windows allow tons of light, which aligned to the bright red color of the walls and the branding, making this a much different experience than Curio and MOUTON. It doesn't seem like a great environment for a speakeasy-styled cocktail, but it will make for an excellent spot to hang out with co workers or friend after a busy workday. And again: that happy hour is excellent. Ambiance doesn't affect the tastes, but the experience is certainly key. I think in time, this place is going to evolve and it's going to build a regular audience that will keep them around for some time. It's walking distance to the convention center and the short north, and the food all looked pretty marvelous. They had a separate room for events and meetings that I am certain will take off in time; perhaps an alternative space for those conventions or leadership meetings; if the cards fall in the right place, the next candidate for president could be determined within those four walls.We gotta dream, right?Welcome to Columbus, Denmark!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,8/25/2014,30,144,2,7,5>When I moved to C-bus many moons ago, I searched, mostly in vain, for a favorite pizza place.  GPP turned out to be my first "find" on the Columbus pizza scene.  To this day, I still love ordering up an Ultimate.GPP serves a "bastard" pizza.  It's not NY Style, it's not Chicago and it's really not Ohio style either.  While square cut, the massive pile of toppings does not extend "edge to edge" and you actually get a nubbin of crust to hang onto around the rim (if you can find it under the toppings).  The crust is thicker than most Ohio pies, but is also very crisp (not foldable like NY style).  Given the thickness of the crust and the heap of toppings, you definitely should order up extra sauce.The "Ultimate" is right up my alley - two kinds of peps and two kinds of shrooms.  What really sells it are the smaller peps on top.  Those peps get so deliciously crispy and are spicier than any pepperoni I've had elsewhere - adding just a fantastic kick!Despite having to have a new pizza experience every Tuesday, I still make time to come back to GPP for one of my original faves.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,8/24/2014,89,127,3,4,5>Let me start by saying that Liz is what makes your experience, so get her as your consultant. Without her, I wouldn't be giving as nice of a review.   I LOVE MY GOWN, Liz found the perfect style based off my description.  It was the first one I tried on and nothing else compared.  I had my bridesmaids purchase their dresses here too, which was not a bad decision, until my sister-in-law surprised everyone by becoming pregnant a few months after the order went in.  I'm not sure of other bridal salon policies, but they were insistent that the dress could not be tried on until after the baby was born.  My mom finally insisted that she was trying on the dress before, and it's a good thing, because it would have NEVER fit.  I understand they are the experts at the store, but is it really worth arguing with a customer?  Customer service needs some improvement - - maybe talk to Liz, cause she seems to have it down.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/23/2014,110,100,4,6,7>I tried Hibachi Express today for lunch mostly based on prior reviews, hoping to find an alternative to Genji Go. It was fantastic! Everyone there was very welcoming and attentive, asked the gentleman taking my order what was good today and he said beef, so I ordered beef hibachi medium. Sometimes medium is a gamble and you end up with way overcooked meat but medium truly meant medium here. He asked if I wanted vegetables and I said I just wanted whatever it came with, no extras snuck into the bill like it tends to at Genji, total cost was $7.99 and a much better value.I thought the rice was delicious without the yum yum sauce, and the portions were huge! Of course I can't say no to yum yum so I did add it half way through. The space is clean, there are a few booths and tables, maybe 10 or so, but it is in an aging strip mall location so it isn't a snazzy place particularly. Didn't seem to bother the folks eating there one bit. I got takeout and was very glad I did, great food, service, even got utensils and napkins without asking, that's becoming rare these days.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,8/22/2014,26,378,1,5,4>Basically, they have Mexican food, and South American food. They do have the typical  standard fare as far as Columbus taco trucks are concerned. Tacos, burritos, tortas. The one exception might be that ELG does some pretty awesome tamales. You can tell that these are the same kind that old Mexican women work for days in kitchens before Christmas, and make hundreds and hundreds for their loved ones. Perfectly steamed masa in a corn husk with your choice of filling. On the day we went, they had a sweet corn tamale on special. Pretty amazing stuff. The most amazing part: these folks are Colombian. Well, maybe not amazing, but they nail it when it comes to Mexican food. I'm pretty sure that next time, I'll order something off the Colombian menu.Overall, the wait seems to take forever, but that's because they make every single order after you order.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,8/21/2014,76,41,5,5,8>If you let me order off the menu two minutes til closing on a holiday and give me no 'tude, you're all aces in my book.  If you then spend additional time to help me place an order because I've never been to your establishment, and you want me to have a great cup of joe, I'm even more impressed.  This described my first experience at the lovely Cafe Brioso located in downtown Columbus.  Even though a few employees were giving me the stank eye, the gentleman helping me was super cool, and even called out to one of the employees to hold off on his closing procedures in case he needed to use certain equipment to make my drink.I settled on the honey and milk latte and took in the ambiance while I waited.  There is plenty of seating in this place, and the vibe is so chill.  I feel you could come here and study in a quiet corner or share laughs with friends.  Food stuffs is also available but the cases were empty when I came in and I didn't see a  menu to comment on that part of the business.The were huge containers of beans from around the world beckoning me. I can't wait to go back and find out more about them.My latte was incredibly smooth, and was a perfect blend or sweet, milk, and espresso.  Thank you boys. I can't wait to come back with more than two minutes to spate!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,8/20/2014,15,79,,6,3>Growl is a new beer shop that should be on any beer lover's radar. They have been open for two weeks, offering 41 craft beers on tap. Currently you can buy 32 or 64 ounce growlers to be filled with a beer of your choice. You pay a one time fee of 5 dollars for the Growler that you bring back to be filled again and again and again. You can sample any beer for 50 cents before choosing the one you want. In the future the owner is hoping to also sell beer by the pint. As for ambiance the shop is beautiful with rustic wood tables juxtaposed against  shelves of glass growlers. Owner is extremely friendly greeting every patron, introducing his shop and helping you with any questions you may have. Only down side of this place is without the option to sip on a pint there is no reason to stay for any period of time and use the ample seating. With the addition of brews by the glass this place should be a solid 5 stars.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,8/19/2014,110,267,1,6,2>After reading many of this establishment's Yelp Reviews, I was set on trying their food! First to try on my list: Alaskan Banana pancakes - the pictures got me hooked!!I decided to come here on an early Sunday morning (8:30 am). There were only two other parties (4-person family, and a young couple) seated when I got here. I was seated at a table by Kelvin - very polite, friendly, young man. justin, another young gentleman (college age, perhaps), talked about the items this place is known for. I was able to order right then, since I had my mind set: Alaskan Banana pancakes, a side of eggs, and a sausage patty. Most of the "negative" reviews where do to an extended wait on the food. Not so for me! I ordered at 8:40 and the food was served just a few before 9 am. And, YES, homemade and FRESH out of the kitchen!! Excellent pancakes!! Not too sweet. Could taste the batter, the mashed banana in between the stack. OH, and I'll add: The presentation of the pancakes was outstanding!! Hot, thick pancakes with a dollop of whip cream on top; a flash-fired banana slice; and a drizzle of syrup to decorate the plate. First bite was super super scrumptious!! Great taste to match the visual appeal! I also decided to order a side of their sausage and eggs. I was not too enthralled with the sausage - the spices in it, perhaps. However, the eggs where quite tasty. A light butter taste alongside the full egg taste!After having such a great "first experience" here, I no doubt will be back!!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,8/18/2014,160,933,3,3,3>Local Cantina is the best "non-mexican" mexican place I've been to in Columbus. Usually I go to Mi Mexico, El Tacorriendo or a taco truck for the goods, but a few friends and I have taken to eating here.They've got a great patio, have had live music, and it's set in beautiful creekside gahanna.Unlimited supply of good salsa and chips. Regularly rotating and updated craft beer selection. Reasonably priced delicious food (I could eat the guacamole all day). It's a great place for a taco or two and a few drinks with friends on a nice spring or summer evening. Sometimes the service we've had is a bit slow, but they're always friendly.Also, big plus for them for sponsoring local events, this year they are putting on crafted drafts. Tacos and beer, count me in!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/17/2014,89,91,4,6,4>This was my first time trying Mexican pastries. What a delicious surprise! This place is spotless and very spacious. I guess I wasn't expecting a bakery to offer so much seating. I came in the evening and was surprised to see the place open so late. Actually I've driven by a thousand times and thought that it was closed down. It's a little confusing entering because there are two entry doors side by side. The baked goods are in the back across from the entrance. Again I was confused because some of the baked goods are on display in a Krispy Kreme case. They definitely do not look like Krispy Kreme doughnuts though. Everything looked very large to me. After staring a while, I asked for help from the owner. He explained every single item and ingredient. I truly appreciated his help!  He also explained there are no preservatives, how long they will keep and how to store them. He suggested what I should try that would be different, recommended that my next visit I should try the French bread on a sandwich. I chose six different types and had no idea of how much it would cost, there are no prices anywhere. I was shocked that these big scrumptious baked goods only cost 6 bucks and some change! The taste was amazing - bread like with just enough sweetness. Very easy to over eat because they're not overly sweet. I'll definitely be back for the French bread, sandwich and great service!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,8/16/2014,43,89,4,3,3>I had the chance to go to special event here right when they opened and had been dying to take my husband back ever since. We finally decided we would go n our anniversary and now I can write a real review, having experienced kingmakers in all of its glory.We went on a Tuesday night and I was surprise by how crowded it was but we still were seated right away and had no problem getting attentive service from the bar or our game sommelier.  We came in wanting to try a specific game, and after we played it, asked for suggestions. I was pleased that we were quickly offered three very different options, all of which sounded fun. The sommelier explained the game quickly but thoroughly, which is harder than it sounds and quickly helped us out when we got stuck on a rule.My only con was how surprised I was by the Tuesday night crowd, it might be hard to bring in a group of 5-6 and get a table right away if it is always so busy.Definitely a fun way to spend an evening and now my husband can't wait to go back either.Last note--they might want to consider selling monthly memberships too!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/15/2014,8,52,6,9,6>I feel like everyone I know has been to Dirty Franks...which has caused a problem. The original location is always packed to the gills. Good for them, bad for me and my friends who just want to gorge on hot dogs and tots. One evening my friend and I wanted some Franks before we went to the movies. We went to the original location and find that it was closed for an employee party. Again, good for them, bad for me. We took a gamble and drove the 15 minutes over to the West location. We REALLY wanted some hotdogs!It was just like the Franks we know and love but so much bigger and with NO WAIT. We we astounded. I got the Westgate dog, the only unique dog to that location. I've been back since the inital visit and I've gotten all my other favorites with good results. I love Franks to the moon and back--I'm not sure where people say that the quality has changed. I just wish that there was more dogs/other menu items unique to the West location that would bring me back for more. Either way, I'll mostly like make the West location my go-to now, since feeling like I'm being hustled out by the staring eyes of everyone waiting at the front has never been my thing.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,8/14/2014,21,155,3,5,5>The food is unforgettable here! Try Giuseppe's pasta fritta(fried pasta)- crispy on the outside and cheesy yummy pasta on the inside. The wedding soup is also worth trying- delicious and fresh for only 5$. Lastly, the fettuccine alfredo- no where makes better alfredo than they do! It's not runny nor clumpy, it's the perfect texture YUM!By the end of dinner, we were so full there was no room for dessert but we ordered a cannoli to-go!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,8/13/2014,114,521,4,5,4>Another of the "old guard" Columbus bakeries, Resch's has a sign outside that proudly declares they've been in business for over 100 years, and when you try their food, it's easy to see why.The donut offerings are as traditional as you'd expect, no crazy flavors or odd fillings. What you will get is a bunch of really well executed standards, along with a broad selection of cookies, cakes, pies, and breads. (Try the little pretzel rolls if you're in the mood for a quick savory bite.)You've probably heard this already, but this is a cash or check only establishment, so army yourself appropriately - it's worth the minor inconvenience.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,8/12/2014,421,13,4,8,4>I Iove our little airport I Columbus, OH. It is currently undergoing a series of renovations to upgrade the look, feel, and food choices available. Examples include a new Vino Volo and Donatos in Terminal A. They have also upgraded to support the TSA Precheck in all 3 terminals. This has transformed my travel experience as I can normally make it from parking garage, through security and to my gate in 20 minutes. This is HUGE - especially for those early morning business flights. Easy to get around with both sit down and quick food options in each terminal. Hope you enjoy your experience.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,8/11/2014,95,94,10,10,8>Wowza.  This place is excellent.  On a whim riding my bike home from work I started thinking about dinner and Plantain Cafe popped in my head.  Glad it did.  You know when you've heard so much about a place it can't reach the heights you want?  NOT the case here.  The Mother of the owner served me and she was such a delight.  Perfect amount of attention, recommendations and all.I had the Cuban Sandwich which was HUGE and perfect.  Loved the bread and the sauce they give you for the Plantain Chips and/or sandwich.  I love the little family owned restaurants that deliver in a big way.  Living in Chicago so long I thought I would be disappointed in the Columbus food scene.  In many ways, to me, it exceeds Chicago.  Maybe because it's more condensed or less expected?  All I can say is I LOVE THE COLUMBUS FOOD SCENE!Update:  That half of Cuban Sandwich I was going to eat for lunch tomorrow?  I ate it.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,8/10/2014,30,245,7,6,4>I am writing this as I sit and enjoy a super hot, fresh piece of Taranto's Pizza! I order from here a few times a month on days that I really don't want to go out to get lunch. They have delivery - and it's fast!Their pizza *looks* similar to, say... a Donato's pizza. Thin, crunchy crust, lots of toppings. The sauce is a nice sweet/tangy mix. Their cheese is perfectly baked. And the cheese & cheese/mushroom & veggie pizzas I have had were NOT a greasy mess like some places.Their prices are pretty awesome too - $12 and some change for a Lg Cheese pizza.I also LOVE that they have ONLINE ordering! It allows me to stealth-order my lunch and put in my card number without worrying if the weirdo on the other side of my cubicle is going to jot it down and buy women's under britches with it later.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,8/9/2014,27,185,2,6,5>Taking the place of the old Spain restaurant right across from Highbanks metropark, Kohinoor is one of the newer Indian places in town, and competes with Manaa's for best Sunday lunch buffet.   The day my friend and I dropped by, they had a chef making a sort of pancake fresh for guests, which you could top with a delicious sweet sauce that reminded me of Thai curry.  It was absolutely amazing.  The same went for the range of meat and vegetarian curries available, along with some appetizer items, and a huge dessert buffet with both Indian specialties and a variety of puddings and cakes.  For $12 a person, I highly recommend dropping by if you are in the area.The regular menu is a bit more pricy, of course, but the range of options is amazing, and the food is good. Vegans and Vegetarians take note - there are actually sections on the menu set aside specifically for these categories.  The naan here is wonderful - soft and chewy, perfectly cooked - and comes in a variety of flavors including a delicious honey and ginger combination. Kohinoor is also are good about making spicy, well, spicy.   Not surprising perhaps given that they have a section on the menu dedicated to the (in)famous phaal curry, the spiciest around.  Leather tongues should definitely give that a try.  As to the curry, I can only speak to one at the moment - the chicken Koondapoor.  A mix of coconut and potato with big chunks of tender chicken, it is quite good, though perhaps not not as sweet as one would think, tending more towards salty with a tangy bite here and there.  The potato is pureed, which works towards making the sauce very thick and creamy.  Also creamy is the chai.  Their take on this Indian specialty is very milky and soothing with just a bit of a spice kick.Don't worry about leaving hungry, by the way.  Portions are very large.  However, Indian food reheats wonderfully, and Kohinoor is great about packaging tomorrow's lunch for you, putting each item in its own separate container so that you don't end up with soggy naan or a congealed mess of leftovers.  I personally have a peeve with tossing all leftovers together loosely in a single container, so I really appreciate the extra effort here.The service also expends extra effort.  At dinner in particular, my server was very attentive and anxious to make sure that everything was to my liking.  The atmosphere is pleasant and done mostly in shades of brown.  All in all, it is a very calming environment, though I could do without the TV in the corner with the volume too low to hear but too loud to ignore even with soft music in the background.  That might be something of a pet peeve for me, though.  I really don't "get" TVs outside of sports pubs and the like.  Anyway, if you're in the area, definitely give it a try.  Especially at lunch on Sunday.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,8/8/2014,53,76,5,8,4>I had been on the hunt for GOOD chinese (I know it isn't chinese, but I can't distinguish between one brown-sauce and veggie dish with rice from the other), and was elated when a friend took me to Tai's a few years ago. Before that, I had been sampling the many asian cuisine putting-food-in-your-face-spots on High St along campus, and had not had much luck in replicating my favorite places back home.Then a blessed friend with a blessed car drove me up Lane Ave to the end of my search. Tai's is clean, it's open, it's nice, and man, is it good. The portions are HEAPING and for $7, I have three meals. Even if I'm allowing myself to go to town and eat more than I should, I can't finish the whole plate, no matter how hungry I am. Annnd this is a beautiful thing. I like to divide my entree by the number of resulting meals and make that the price tag (it alleviates the guilt of eating out) and at Tai's, you get the biggest bang for your buck out of any of your casual dining joints.I haven't tried the sushi but I hear nothing but good things. I tried the Homestyle Tofu recently and it is chock full of fresh veggies and a ton of sauce, just like I like it. I've always enjoyed the over dramatic sports team pictures on the wall from area high schools and OSU (no one holds a bat like that, lady OSU softball player).And after they renovated awhile ago, I can't get over the random-as-eff, humorous tiki/Easter Island fireplace dominating the wall.Tai's - the key to your cravings for all things rice, seaweed, and tiki.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,8/7/2014,106,33,8,9,4>I've been here so many times I've actually stopped "checking in" in attempt to stave off rumors of a possible addiction and intervention mutterings. Look, they're right in my neighborhood, the fish is exceptionally fresh (& I'm OCD in this department) and if preferred offer soy paper - in leu of nori. Apart from the freshness, a big make it or break it for me...Thou Shalt Not Drown Thy Sushi! You ordered sushi because you like the delicate and diverse flavors of the fish, right? Sushi obliterated by a sauce kills the very taste of the fish that you've ordered. There are no unnecessary drownings here, so for those who prefer to have their palates shellacked with eel, wasabi mayo etc. you may not enjoy dining here.If I dine in, I sit at the sushi bar where I hypnotically watch the chefs assemble each dish with fastidious detail that feels elegant without being compulsive; movement is economical, precise and a bit meditative. Note: I've never ordered off the regular menu - just sushi. Eat here. It's good.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,8/5/2014,134,190,3,3,4>Last year, I called NordicTrack, because it was cold and snowy and I hated feeling like a sloth. I knew that if I owned my own treadmill, I could use it every day, and stay fit even during the days I didn't want to venture outside. I have average credit but nothing spectacular, and they were all like "No treadmill for you!" unless I was going to pay cash, which wasn't going to happen a month before Christmas. So I decided, if a huge company wasn't going to give me credit because my scores weren't at some unrealistically high level, I was going to take my time and shop around.It was then that I remembered that there were a few places in Columbus that sold exercise equipment, and if a huge national chain wasn't interested in my business, perhaps a local company would be?I also remembered that there was a little shop right across from the new Whole Foods on Lane, and - always looking for an excuse to go to Whole Foods - I decided that would be my first stop.But first, the research....I always check out companies on BBB, because that's where people complain.  What? Not a single complaint in the almost 12 years they've been in business?  Cool!  A+ rating?  Nice!Next, I take a trip over to Yelp - no reviews, so sad.  I'm thinking "maybe I'll get to be the first?"Lastly, I take a look at the business' web-site, and it's pretty decent for a local business.  I took a look at the products they sell and see brand-names I'd never heard of before: Bodyguard, Bremshey and SportsArt.  Then again, I'm not really an exercise machine connoisseur or expert. I'd seen Precor, StairMaster, NordicTrack and a few others before, but never these.So I read up on the site a little more, and it sounds like the guy who owns the place is a super fitness expert, knows all about the practical and theoretical end of exercise physiology, getting healthy, reducing injuries, and also just happens to sell exercise equipment. Starting to sound like a much less biased opinion than, say, a direct manufacturer that only focuses on a single brand.  Looks like the owner alone has decades of experience, and his staff have their own specialties too.  Neat!So I set-up an appointment, not really knowing what to expect, and walk into what looks like a small gym, where you can try out the machines - but is also functioning as a small gym and exercise services center.  I was impressed.Anyone who knows me, knows I have a really good taste in equipment - whether it's the latest cell phone, computer or whatever.  I don't buy garbage.  I don't even like to touch low quality stuff that almost falls apart before I buy it.  But I also don't buy stuff just because of a brand name. The name must mean quality, and the item must reflect that quality or I'm not buying.  The cool part about the items in the store was that they were all sturdy, and aside from my inability to buy products without excess gadgetry imbedded inside, I could have bought any of the treadmills in the store.Then I saw the prices, and realized that although the prices were reasonable, and I wanted to give this business my money (way more than I did NordicTrack), I still couldn't pay with cash.  Is this the end of the story?  Not at all!I have no idea what happened to this type of financing, but the owner was like "Yeah, we can just do a series of postdated checks for a year."  No annoying credit check, no feeling like a criminal.  Just pure, unadulterated awesome!  Plus, if you buy when you first go in, you get the "I get it!" discount (so research before you go).  Plus the unit I was buying was on-sale.  It was pretty incredible.  Plus, the warranty.  I think it was like seven years?The unit arrived seven months ago - and I waited this long to write the review because I wanted to see how well this item would stand up.First, understand that having a treadmill in my house means exercise every single day.  I haven't missed more than a handful of days since the beginning of 2014. It's truly motivational, and I feel a ton better! You can't use it as a clothes rack, or a place to store magazines and paperwork. You have to get on the equipment regularly and use it properly in order to gain the benefits. But if you do, you'll be glad you did.So after six full months - and halfway into the payment plan - this machine is still rock solid, no complaints, it just works. I'll probably have them come out and do a preventative maintenance check sometime this year, just to make sure the belts are tightened properly and everything's in working order, but honestly, it just works.Overall, I've known this was going to be a five star review for over six months, but wanted to wait just to make sure I could speak to the quality of the product itself, over the course of a few months of constant use. I like the Bodyguard's build quality and warranty - serviced locally!I'm super happy with my purchase, the treadmill I selected, and the company who sold it to me.  Hooray!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,8/4/2014,363,423,7,27,13>This is a steakhouse, dark, warm and inviting.  It made me think of J Alexander's with it's upscale casual ambiance.  You might get dressed up if you want but I wasn't and most people there in mid afternoon weren't either.I wasn't interested in a steak so I asked for a few recommendations from Patrick who recommended the Lobster Queso which is a 9 oz bowl of hot melted pepper jack cheese with a little lobster, spinach and tomato added in.  It's big enough for two people and it came with a big platter of tri color chips for dipping excellence.  I also ordered a Caeser side salad - hard to mess up a salad and it was just the thing to balance my meal.I sat on the bench seats in front of the wall of wine bottles - perfect for people watching plus it gave me a view of the open kitchen which was cool.  The bench tables I noted were larger than standard tables.  Not a big deal with one person but when you have a group of people, I think you'll appreciate the generous space.  Good touch.The server that waited on me was so good that I asked to speak to the manager.  A total rarity for me.   Patrick was a definite step up in the professionalism department.  He was personable, professional and he knew the menu well.  Kudos for great service.My lunch by the way was $27.85 which included a 5 oz glass of J. Lohr Cab.There will be a return visit.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,8/3/2014,86,267,1,6,1>Mike and Kat, co-conspirators and owners of Spiritus Tattoo, had me from the get-go even before Kat Marie Moya began her artistry with me.  Both, separate and together, offer to existing clients and newbies like myself a joie de vivre which calms the soul and lifts the spirit in all of us.  Perhaps .... then,... Spiritus?!!  Mike & Kat are calm, cool, collected, well-read, experienced in trade & life, and can lead a storyline while you're under the pin-pricks of tapestry creation.I found them through YELP.  Yes, I relied on YELP for assistance... a trail of crumbs if you will.  From "here" to the Spiritus site and then to the artists ... I found in Kat's gallery nuances in "self-discovery" and imagination my artist, stylist and Doctor of Soul.My bond to Kat is on my upper back (once healed - a photo will be posted).  Two 3 - 3.5 hour sessions did the trick.  Caduceus symbol using inks of black, gray and shades of gray were the goal.  Kat roared past the goal and blew me away with grace and understanding of my intent.  Along the way, Mike & Kat spoke with me, to me, about movies, books, bourbon, music, and explained some of the art and photos in their really, really unique studio.  My first session had me discovering a B&W photo of Richmond, Virginia just post-Civil War.  Totally destroyed but with a Greek columned building standing.  Because Caduceus is a Greek symbol, we talked about the South, the war and loads of other things.Kat and I talked energy, foods, places we've lived and want to see, Short North pubs and bars, dreams and a truck load of other things.... while she calmly placed herself, her work, onto my living canvas.  Loved it all.Spiritus is an experience, a great experience.  Mike & Kat "got it going on" and should help experienced and/or newbies who wants style and soul built into their passion for a tattoo.  Go see them - let them be a part of your life - for sure.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,8/2/2014,115,131,2,4,2>The ingredients are fresh, the price is very reasonable, the staff is polite & helpful, and most importantly the food is delicious!I usually stop here for lunch if I'm downtown for work. I love the spicy chicken, but really any of the protein options are can't miss prospects (with exception of the tofu; I've never tried it). Try the purple rice for sure! Also, the sauces are all available on the side in to go cups, so you can decide just how much you want.If you ever visited Fresh 50 while they were open, this is pretty much the same thing. The location lends itself to expanded hours over what Fresh 50 did though.The only negative that I have for them really is parking. The tiny shopping plaza that they're situated in makes it awful to find parking during the lunch hour rush. Also, a lot of the tables are huge & meant as community tables. Be prepared to share your space during busier times (not always a bad thing if you can find someone interesting to talk to).
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,8/1/2014,68,149,3,4,3>Try everything on the menu! ...oh yeah, and the coffee.There's not much I can say that others haven't. So, here it goes:Make a selection from a wide-array of ever-changing pastries and goodies. I bought a caramel espresso tart - Duh-licious! Also, I indulged in the ham & cheese croissant - Good, yet very flaky and messy - You are warned.Along with my two selections, I purchased a delightfully tasting coffee and spent only around $15. It may seem a bit pricier but it is worth EVERY PENNY!To top it all off, the patio is a nice place to sit and read or just enjoy the weather. They also open up the entire side window section to make it the ultimate summer relaxation location. Every one there is very kind and friendly (an added bonus to the experience).I'll go back again and again! So many things I have yet to try!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,7/31/2014,33,109,4,9,3>If any of the following apply: you grew up with arcades, you are a gamer, you are a hipster, maybe a little nerdy (it's cool. Nerds are hot!); you like the 4th street scene; you realize video games are improved with beer; think D&B is too commercial and suburban.... THEN you will like 16-Bit.I'm not a gamer but I got super into Pacman and Frogger. I played some shooting games without a clue what to shoot. On a Monday night there was a good crowd, but you could still play a game. Some sort of tourney was going on complete with a hand drawn bracket. Then said  bracket got beer spilled on it by a mystery party-foul gamer. I may or may not have observed the identity of the guilty person.  Dude: laminate that bracket next time, beer + arcades= wild & crazy times! On a side note they need more of the little drink stools, I wasn't going to play a game if my beer wasn't at my side.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,7/30/2014,45,155,2,7,3>Finally went to Portia's last week, a few months into my switch to being gluten-free.. I wish I had gone sooner! My boyfriend and I wanted to try so much stuff we wound up getting two apps and two entrees and pigging out, but it was all great. The falafel have wonderful flavor and the tahini sauce is addicting. Tried a couple dips as well; the artichoke spinach is an interesting raw take on the chain restaurant classic. I enjoyed a spinach & mushroom daiya quesadilla - a godsend since I also can't have lactose for the time being - and my date had a breakfast wrap, both satisfying and good. I was impressed with the texture of their homemade GF tortillas. Not spongy at all like some can be, and also nice neutral flavor. It's so great to have a place to go out to eat and not worry about feeling sick after. Plus the food is healthy in itself. You get what you pay for.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,7/29/2014,114,214,5,6,5>Came here again after more than a year, and, yep, still great!  I am eating vegetarian now, so there weren't a ton of options.  (God, I miss you, al pastor!)  Instead, I got the vegetarian burrito.  It turned out to be really good as well!  (It certainly kicked the crap out of the Mad Mex veggie burrito I'd had recently).  There are a few sauces available on the table to spice things up a bit, and those veggies in the bowls have quite a kick too.  So, there's lots of options, and Los Guachos is still an awesome experience.  They've expanded a little inside, but they still don't have too much seating.  I'd recommend getting there early on Monday (which is buy one get one free taco night).
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,7/28/2014,142,94,5,9,4>We came to Koko on a nice Saturday evening. We had been out an about in Columbus and we were craving some Chai Lattes so we stopped at a couple of our favorite tea salons... only to find them both closed at 5pm. Tea Fail.We quickly regrouped and rededicated ourselves to the task of finding a Chai Latte. Of course, Yelp led the way and told us that Koko was our best bet! So, we headed toward Gahanna and latte loveliness!When we arrived, we found the place pretty quiet and were the only ones there. After some friendly chatting, we discovered that we had just missed the afternoon rush and were before the evening rush! Who knew there was a perfect time for tea?!The tea choices here are incredible! We learned from the fabulous owner, Ava, that she makes all the tea blends herself from teas grown on her family's tea plantations in Hawaii! Let me tell you... at first, I was floored that someone has a tea plantation, next I was immediately in love with this whole concept.We ordered our lattes and asked if we wanted any cupcakes to go with. We politely declined saying that we can't have gluten... but then were told that all of the cupcakes ARE GLUTEN FREE!Gluten Free Cupcakes! All of them!The squeal could be heard in Hilliard.I selected a lemon drop cupcake and found the cake amazing and moist. I am not a big frosting fan but this was delish and I ended up eating all of it!The latte was wonderful as well but I really look forward to going back and trying all of the teas that smelled so wonderful.Do yourself a favor and head over to Creekside and swing by Koko... visit Ava... and have some tea and a cupcake!NOW!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,7/27/2014,77,271,2,5,4>This was an exceptional dining experience.  Every year for our anniversary, my husband and I choose somewhere we haven't been before.  I have read good things about this restaurant, so I made reservations for 7 pm on Wednesday night.  We did not need to use valet, since we found a metered spot on the street.  We had time to run into Pistacia Vera for macaroons to go, before they closed at 7.  I had read that the host stand is not by the door, so I was aware of this.  We walked in and across the room past the bar and we were greeted with smiles.  We were seated immediately in the next room at a table for 4, so we had plenty of room.  It was a lovely atmosphere, with white tablecloths.  There were a lot of windows and our view was the patio and 3rd St.  Our server was fantastic.  She brought water and took drink orders and gave the specials.  My lemondrop martini went down nicely.  We started with the Calamari Fritti (very good), and each had the House Salad (nice greens, with spiced pecans and red wine poached pears), which were pretty large.  She brought us warm sliced bread with butter.  I think there was red bell pepper in the butter.  Delicious.  We shared a bottle of Barbera with our entrees:  my husband had the Pan-roasted Wild Alaskan Halibut, and I had the Almond-crusted Trout.  I couldn't finish but am looking forward to the leftovers for lunch today.  We ended our meal with a dessert each (one being complimentary for the occasion).  When we arrived, I only saw a few diners, but by the time we left, the room we were in was nearly full.  I would  love to come back again.  I loved it.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,7/26/2014,46,100,3,2,2>Not bad at all, I was impressed atleast. I've been here twice now. The first time I ordered the beef and rice. The beef was not steak quality but it wasn't bad. BEEF 1-5=3. The fried rice was very fresh. RICE 1-5=4. On my second visit I tried the chicken teriyaki. Let's just say that will be my first and last experience with it. The chicken was too rubbery. CHICKEN 1-5=2. The Yum Yum sauce saves this place it is very good. YUM YUM 1-5=5. The only BEEF (lol) I have with this place is that they make you purchase YUM YUM, not even 1 free container...
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,7/25/2014,5,44,1,7,2>I was so excited to find an Indo-Chinese restaurant in town. I love manchurian chicken and this place did not disappoint! The chili chicken wasn't as good...I think it needed more chili, and the Hakka noodles were just okay, but the manchurian chicken and good service earn this place four stars. I'm looking forward to going back for some more manchurian and trying out some other dishes!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/24/2014,29,123,3,4,1>You've been driving down 270 and witnessed their large pink bunny atop their building. The location's no mystery-sign says Anthony Thomas. What is a mystery is what's inside that building.Chocolate. Milk chocolate, dark chocolate, sugar-free chocolate, chocolate covered fruit, Buckeyes, bulk candy and more. All this can be bought in the store found inside that huge bunny building. All this can be experienced though a factory tour, which, I haven't taken yet, but will. I mean, why not?I stopped in for the first time to see if they had anything for Easter. If-pssh. If, he says. They had EVERYTHING you could need for Easter baskets. Jelly Beans (including Spice and Black), molded hollow bunnies, solid bunnies and lambs, a giant $300 solid bunny for photo ops (and for purchase), colorful rock sugar candy and chocolate covered creme eggs. A flavor that stood out was the Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel. What's great is that they had sugar-free Easter themed candy, which provides a fun option for those who can't enjoy sugar.Finding the shop can get a little tricky. It's not hard, but not as easy as it is spotting it from 270. My best suggestion is to Map It and keep your eyes open for what Morgan D included in her photos. The area is a little industrial and there's a good amount of parking but I'm sure it gets full during their candy sales.Looking forward to Valentine's.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,7/23/2014,55,62,2,4,3>Fantastic breakfast!!!!  Bryant M. and Keith M. have been asking my husband and me to join them at Grill & Skillet for weeks.  Finally, today, our calendars jived.  The interior is just the way I like my diner...divey but clean.  Our server was fast and friendly enough.  I definitely wouldn't call her warm, but we didn't feel rushed, the coffee kept flowing, and she cleared off the table at appropriate intervals.  Now for the food (the real reason your reading this review, right?).  It is delicious!!!  Now, please note, you are not getting locally grown, organic vegetables here.  If that's what you want, stop reading diner reviews!!!  This is just fantastic diner food.  I had the ham and cheese omelette with hash browns, a biscuit, and an additional side of corned beef hash.  My husband had French Toast with scrambled eggs and hash browns.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and NOTHING was greasy.  Including Tony's coffee and my medium OJ, our bill came to $22.00.  As noted by others, G&S is only open until 2:30 Monday through Saturday and til 2:00 on Sunday.  Take that into consideration when planning your trip.  There was not wait at noon and parking is easy in their private lot.  I've yet to follow G&S on Facebook, but rumor has it they are active on social media.  Give this place a try!!!  Support small business while treating yourself to a good, old fashioned diner meal.  No disappointments here!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,7/22/2014,28,247,3,10,2>Stopped in Saturday for an early-ish 6pm dinner. The lower level was already nearly full and we we were seated upstairs in the mezzanine second bar area. The interior is very bar louie esque but slightly smaller. Top 40 music blaring which didn't bother me but I know some will be annoyed. Their menu is pretty impressive - light years better than bar Louie and if this is the direction of chain restaurants, I'm down. We took forever to order but went with the duck wings, build your own burger, a salad and side of maple bacon Mac and cheese and fried green beans. The ducks wings were awesome. Tons of meat with no funky sketchy or chewy bites. Even the skin was deliciously crisp and edible. The bf didn't think they were hot but I found the spice level to be just perfect for me. Enough duck that by itself it'd be plenty for one person as a meal. For our meal I just went with their house salad and side of maple bacon Mac. The Mac is pretty heavy and filling and a good side portion for the price. Loved the slight maple flavor. I like how all their sides are $2-$3 and honestly you could build yourself a meal out of sides here as they all sound appealing. I tried the bf's burger and it was well a burger. He said it was an 89 out of 100 and he'd come back for another. The fried green beans were super yummy. Not overly fried and beans were still crisp and fresh with a nice sweet and spicy Asian sauce drizzled on top. I'm eyeing the lobster and asparagus Mac and cheese or the fried chicken and waffles for our next visit. Bf enjoyed 2 beers forget the kind for $6 a pop (menu only lists prices for wine which is verrrry annoying). My house merlot was 6.5. Non house wines were all over $8 which I thought was a tad overpriced for the type of place. Service was good! The uniforms are a little cheesy but whatever. Between the red chucks and red track-esque jackets it was a little much.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/21/2014,241,94,3,6,3>I was so eager to visit this place from the moment I saw the sign that said "fresh juice" from my drive along Henderson Rd.I called the shop one day to find out when they would be opening and talked with the owner, Kitt, for 20 minutes about juice.  He shared his story of how he got into juice and how he feels it's so important, especially if one wants to cleanse their system and get a fresh start.I've been into the shop now a number of times and each time I've encountered something new--new decor, new juice.  The juices are delicious and will please anyone from the standard OJ drinker to the more adventurous green juice guzzler.  When the store first got its start, it had six flavors.  When I was there last week (late March 2014), they had the same six but an additional four or five flavors were being added to the lineup.  I look forward to seeing what flavors the summer will bring when produce is in season.  Kitt tries to source as many of his ingredients from local farms as possible.The website itself is easy to use--you can purchase juices by the bottle or purchase a cleanse (1-day, 3-day, and 5-day, if I recall correctly).  The cleanses are eligible for delivery to your home.Stop in and talk with Kitt about juicing--he's eager to share his story and eager to help his customers.  He offers samples of anything you want to try and is never pushy about selling his products.  Although I think once you taste the Belo, Amazonic, or Proteina, you'll be hooked.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,7/20/2014,129,540,5,8,5>I'm finally catching up on a bunch of reviews from recent lunch meet-ups, and Harvest is probably one of the best lunches I've had so far!  Our group of four adults and two kids met right at 11, which helped us successfully beat the lunch crowd (they started trickling in around 1145).  We were seated in one of the booths up front, and fortunately they had window shades since it was actually a bit warm and sunny.I ordered the ginger beer (and got the last can, sorry).  It was good, but I was reading the can afterwards and noticed high fructose corn syrup in the ingredients, so be warned if that's a problem for you.  We all had the lunch special pizzas, which are $7 for a 9" pizza (a fantastic deal!) and I got the $2 caesar kale salad as well.  The salad was simple, just plenty of dense kale, lightly dressed and sprinkled with cheese.  The fennel sausage pizza was very good, a good chew to the crust, though next time I would probably build my own pizza and forgo the ferny green bits on top.  I have a small stomach capacity, so I was able to comfortably eat half and save the other half for later.  The space is really lovely, our waitress was great about accommodating the kids at the table, and there was no problem splitting the checks.  The price, location, food, and service all combined made a great experience.  I don't even like pizza that much, and I'm already thinking about planning another lunch meet-up here!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/19/2014,370,523,,5,4>If you need a suit, and want to look "sharp", your one stop shop is Pursuit. They have what you need to get the look that gets you the compliment you're looking for, the "you look sharp!" compliment. I didn't think that the word 'sharp' was still used to describe a look until Brian put on his new ensemble and everyone was saying "you look sharp!" Then, I thought to myself, there's really no other way to describe a well fitted and tailored, quality, slim suit.  The best thing about Pursuit is that it's well curated. They have about 6-8 styles to choose from. They are all slim suits, and they all are between $250-$400. At least 2 of them will look amazing on you so, then you're just down to color and price. They also have a nice collection of shirts, ties, and happy socks at a fair price. For example: Full price ties at Express = $49.50, Ties at Pursuit = $38 and none of them will make you look like a douche. We walked in and Ethan helped us right away. He asked us what we needed the suit for, knew his size just by looking at him, picked out the perfect suit, and started the fitting process. He explained exactly how a slim suit should perfectly fit and also gave high fashion tailoring options and fitting tips. We stuck with the traditional, but all he needed was the slimming done in the jacket. Ethan pinned it, we paid, and he said it'd be ready about 4 days later. In two days we got the call that it was ready. Fast tailoring service! At pick up, it fitted him perfectly. We over heard a salesman working with a wedding party that the DKNY suit (that Brian had also bought) could be altered more than 10 times and still look good. So, you're buying something with classic staying power and quality. Leaving with the suit took a little longer as they only have one guy working and if anyone is being fitted when you walk in, you're waiting. It's was totally fine though, you get to know the tie and sock patterns really well, and you're happy other people are getting perfectly fitting suits. ;o)We chatted with Nate (the owner) when we were leaving and he mentioned about the new Pursuit Suit Truck that they just launched so now they can travel to corporate offices and other college campuses to reach even more young professionals with their classy suits! Kinda neat.Needless to say, I think it was $400 well spent when you look that good and feel confident. Plus, you're supporting a local business and getting personal quick service. It's all worth it.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/18/2014,138,148,4,13,6>Stopped by with a friend today to finally get a chance to try their fish tacos. I scored delightful trio of lightly battered pieces of fish on double tortillas topped with cabbage, carrot salad and salsa. The lightly tempura battered fish was flavorful without being overly greasy from the fryer. The choice of toppings complimented the fish very appropriately.My friend enjoyed some of their wonderful tacos al pastor and this trip again impressed me with great food and friendly service. One thing has changed since my last visit, the small Mexican grocery has closed and they are expanding their dining area and adding a bar in that space.My next trip here will be to try one of their pastor tortas, saw one going to another table and it almost made me question my choice for Fish Taco Friday but now I can say I have a go-to fish taco place on my ever growing list of go-to's.....
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,7/17/2014,64,85,,7,3>THE most authentic Sichuan food in Columbus!  The atmosphere isn't fancy, the place isn't spot clean, bare minimum decorations, uses paper for table cloth, but the food is amazing and is not overpriced. Most dishes are around $10 and AUTHENTIC. My girlfriend and I used to eat here three or four times a week when we lived in Columbus. Now that we live in Dublin, we still go the extra way to eat here. Although I know a 5-star rating should be based on food quality, presentation, service, atmosphere, etc...but I believe the authenticity of the food in this hole-in-the-wall establishment makes everything else seem not as important. Of course this place does not give the classy atmosphere for a date or business dinner, but it's the perfect place for some great Chinese food with friends and family!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,7/16/2014,94,224,4,8,4>This may sound bad, but I will judge a place by their Pad Thai... If I love it, you have me for life..... Wellllllll, this place has me for life!!!  On my first visit here, I ordered the House Pad Thai... It has chicken, shrimp, and beef. Cooked with egg, thin rice noodles, bean sprouts, scallions, carrot in Thai sauce.  Ohhh so good... mind you, not the best I've ever had, but definitely passed my taste test!!They seem to do a lot of takeout here... The menu offers a mix of Hunan and Szechwan, Mandarin as well as Thai.Been here so many times now, I've tried so many different items and I'm ALWAYS very pleased with everything!!!Always great service, always fresh food, and always oh soooooo good!!!  Oh yeah, and huge portions... How could I forget about that...Anywho, this is a regular stop for dinner for me when I'm on this side of town... You MUST stop in for a great dinner sometime!!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/15/2014,106,319,7,8,7>I don't know how I missed writing a review of this place, since I grew up there, but here goes...Where can you find an over 100 year old shop that offers hundreds if not thousands of different nuts and combination, that sells old school nut-butter sandwiches and milkshakes?That would be this place. Family ran, this friendly and clean store offers everything "nut" you can think of. Everything is of top quality and fresh too. There is truly something for everybody.Here's the drill...go in and order your sammy with your favorite nut-butter. Top with you favorite fruit and/or preserves and enjoy with a homemade shake. Then into the store side and stock up your favorite nut combos. Go home, eat said stock, and repeat.A great and unique place...there is really no other store in C'bus to compare it to.Go get your "nut" on!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,7/14/2014,62,163,5,7,4>My wife and I are fans of the Cameron Mitchell brand.  My wife's birthday and our anniversary dinners have always been at Ocean Club (her choice) for as long as we've lived in Columbus.  So we were both excited to learn about a new CM restaurant opening up closer to our home in UA.First impressions are important and Hudson 29 definitely knocks it out of the park when you walk in.  Dark wood paneling, a fire place, comfy leather couches... and, to be completely honest, a toddler in a full on meltdown crying fit.  No biggy, most of us have been (or will be) there at some point in our lives.  I had made reservations and it was early evening, so we were seated right away.  Our first table was in the front corner of the restaurant by the wine cellar area.  Very nice, but very dark.  Like REALLY dark.  My wife and I are Radiologists by profession.  We work in the dark and we both were sort of surprised.  If two Radiologists think they're in a dark room, the room is definitely dark.  So we asked the hostess if there were any tables outside and, as luck would have it, we were able to be accommodated.  I could see my food and my wife.  Lovely.  The patio has both fans and built in heaters in the ceiling and should be usable well into the fall.We were both pretty hungry, so we got right to the ordering.  We split a Caesar Salad (my wife's choice) and cheese stuffed butter rolls (mine) to start.  She had the Cheeseburger and I had the scallops for our main courses.  Upon the (wise) recommendation of our waiter she ordered a Sidecar.  I was intrigued by the idea of a Bourbon Cola so I passed on my usual Manhattan for something new.The Sidecar was awesome.  Sweet and tart at the same time.  Good stuff.  The Bourbon Cola less so.  I should have looked closer at the description on the menu as I'm not a fan of raspberries.  My first thought after my first sip was, "This tastes weird.  Like Raspberries."  Then I took a peek at the menu on my phone and, yes, it has raspberries in it.  Oops. The presentation was pretty cool, though.  The waiter opens the drink (bottled in house) and pours it over ice and a lemon ribbon in a cocktail glass at the table.The Caesar Salad was both Caesary and Salady with nice croutons (empty carbs!).  I'm not sure what else I can say.  There's not too much to a Caesar Salad, so it's hard to mess it up.  I will note that the salad gave me the occasion to consider my fork.  They have some really big forks up in here.  Like the size of my eyeglasses.  Makes for some very efficient eating.The butter rolls were also not a hit with us.  I'm sure they were carefully chosen as a spin on the American dinner table dinner roll, but it just tasted like those rolls you always buy at Thanksgiving from the freezer section, warm up in the oven and toss on the table next to the Turkey your mom slaved over for 5 hours .   Only these had cheese on top.My scallops were pretty good, though a little pricey, I think.  The dish includes various veggies and eats more like a salad that has scallops in it.  I doubt I'd order this again.My wife's burger... holy moly.  Definitely the hit of the night.  These people know how to make a good burger.  Perfectly done, with a toasty, buttery bun and great fries.  It's good to be reminded that it's not always the priciest menu item that is the best.  If you're a meat eater, you can't go wrong with the burger.As is always the case with CM restaurants, we ordered way too much and couldn't finish our food.  We also skipped dessert despite the mention of donuts as an option.  Maybe next time.  I should also mention that the waitstaff and hosts and hostesses were all very nice and courteous.  Always a hallmark of the CM restaurant experience, I think.  Will we come back?  Probably.  I need to do a better job ordering, though.tl;dr  Order wisely.  Bigass forks.  Sit outside.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,7/13/2014,81,69,1,4,4>Mission coffee is a revelation in Short North. I stumbled upon this place one day making my way down high, window shopping and checking out the area around my new location. What a find this is.The minimalist vibe, use of reclaimed wood and metal and their beautiful coffee and espresso devices sold it for me immediately. This is a real, local, coffee house and the clientele reflect that vibe that makes Columbus and the Short North in particular great. You can almost feel the creativity in the air at Mission. And you'll certainly see a smattering of designers, developers, students and the like seated at the big tables abutting the coffee bar. Such a nice atmosphere to get work done or talk shop.The coffee is fantastic as well. They always have a menu of interesting sounding beans from all over the world. I'm no coffee snob but I can definitely taste the difference in quality from this over a lot of local shops.The only 2 points of pain at Mission are 1) they have weird hours and 2) usually a lack of seating if the usual crowd is in. Otherwise such a legit spot.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,7/12/2014,82,114,5,6,5>I have been struggling to find a great sushi spot in Columbus. Tora just made my fav list (along with Akia Hana). Tora is close to home; they have a variety in their menu with unique dishes-what's not to love?I ordered the Shrimp Shumia soup and Tuna & Avocado salad. The dumplings in the soup burst with flavor and the salad was......different: good different. Just try it.My husband  settled on the Mushroom Tea Pot Soup; he enjoyed what I didn't steal from him! Yellowtail, salmon and tuna sashimi was super fresh. Tuna Tataki  had a different spin on it - the sauce was more vinegary than salty....not sure how I feel about that.The kids split a Shrimp Tempura to get started, devoured it as if they hadn't eaten for days (I didn't even get to get a taste). My teen ordered Teriyaki Chicken Stone Pot. It was a lot of food and he is super greedy - so needless to say, he was happy. Full and happy. The picky eater (8 year old girl) had the kid's platter - she ate most of it happily. She wasn't a fan of the sushi rolls but made up for the lost rice by stealing some out of her brother's bowl. Staff was super nice and attentive. They even surprised us with complimentary orange slices topped with whip cream and chocolate drizzle. You can imagine who dominated the dessert. Good job, Tora. We will be back.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,7/11/2014,59,98,3,7,5>If you love Thai food as much as I do, this authentic Thai spot is definitely a place to check out. Situated in the back of a Thai market, their limited seating and handmade menu shouldn't scare you away. These little hole in the wall restaurants are fantastic and this one is no different. I tried the fresh spring rolls which were just about as good as anywhere I've had. Still a good roll though. Their affordable Thai iced tea was so delicious that I ordered a second! Tried the chicken pad Thai and it was amazing. Got it at a spice level of 4/12 which was the perfect level of spice. Got the yum woon sen and it was also delicious and perfect at the spice level of 4. I would definitely recommend this amazing Thai spot on the west side of Columbus!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,7/10/2014,29,60,,7,3>Ignore the menu board on your right-hand side which full with things like gentso chicken, sesame chicken, or beijing beef. Not that they are not good, but why settle for less if you can get good hand made dumplings. I'm echoing the same tone with the rest, they're probably one of the best we have in Columbus. Not a big fan of ying's, or even Helen's, but that right ratio of skin to filling, flavorful and fresh dumpling has won my vote. Stop by, and be prepared for the wait (although they try hard to serve everyone readily), but well, there's only one server when we came there. But order the dumplings, and you'll forget about the below-excellent service and  find yourself busy enjoying things that really matter, a good, balance, flavorful dumpling.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,7/9/2014,56,250,2,9,6>We were looking for some great chinese food the other night and wanted to try a new place so the missus and I hit up Yelp! to find someplace local we had yet to try.  I searched through Paul F's reviews as we have pretty good common tastes and found he really liked the Hunan House and had given it very high rating so we decided to give the place a try as it was only a few miles from our house.  Arriving there you could see this was a big restaurant.  It looked really nice, not a shop mall scrub buffet type Chinese place but a real honest to goodness quality Chinese restaurant.  Going inside we were greeted after the gentleman finished up a call (that just rang as we arrived) and were pretty impressed with the interior of the restaurant, which is really, really nice.  I also appreciated the fact it's not too bright, it's sort of on the dark side.  I know many may not like that but it suits me just fine as I prefer the atmosphere of more laid back and traditional dining. We started out with some Crab Rangoons and WOW...they were utterly fantastic.  Probably about the best I think I've ever eaten.  Very impressive!  Next we got a couple of egg rolls and again, they were quite good.  Very hot as they were just out of the kitchen, which was nice, no messing around getting us the food, we got them quick and they were ready to eat after a few minutes of cooling down.  Next up I had the hot and sour soup which was top notch as well.  The broth was quite thick and yummy, just how I like it!For my entree I got the Dragon & Phoenix which was spicy prawns on one side of the plate and seasoned, breaded chicken in ginger sauce on the other side of the plate.  Both were excellent.  The prawns tasted very fresh and they were plentiful.  Also, they had just the perfect amount of spiciness.  I did have to take off my one shirt I had worn over my main shirt as it heated me up, LOL!  The chicken in ginger was simply awesome and my fiance said she enjoyed it a slight bit more than her Sesame Chicken, which by the way she loved.  In conclusion - this is now our favorite Chinese restaurant, surpassing the Lucky House and Panda Inn at Polaris.  The only caveat was they are a bit more expensive than either of those places.  Of course in their defense we did get an appetizer, extra egg rolls, soup and drinks (tea/diet coke) in addition to our entrees so if you were to keep it to just an entree it'd be much more reasonable.The pecking order in regards to price would be this place at the top, then Panda House on Polaris next and finally Lucky House so it's up to you how much you really want to spend but at any of these three places you will get some great food, the difference is mostly going to be in the actual dining experience itself with Hunan House being the best dining experience, then Panda House and finally Lucky House (which also discounts 10% when you do carryout which is nice). My thanks goes out to Paul F. and his wonderful review and pictures of this place.  He's never steered me wrong yet and this is another grand slam of a restaurant!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/8/2014,29,65,5,6,6>I've visited twice now and both times were amazing. Yes, there will always be an hour+ wait. BUT, if you're there with 1 or 2 other people, keep your eye on the bar - 1st come 1st serve. Both times we've snatched the same bar side seats right after we put our names on the list. So far, we've had the Hangover Fries, the Chorizo & Potato, the War Pig, Cleveland Cheese Steak and the Top of the Morning March Special. I literally have nothing bad to say about these items. You get what you pay for, and you will pay for sweet sweet gluttony. The sandwiches are monstrous and leaves saucy smears on your face when you bite into it - sexy no? But idgaf, it's delicious. Awesome beer selection, they've got the great and the cheap. The waiters and bartenders are attentive and friendly. They have a huge list of dipping sauces for a few cents extra. AND, for just $2 more, you can have your entire sandwich deep fried. DEEP FRIED. I will post an updated review on my future deep fried sandwich if I survive the quintuple bypass surgery I'll need after consumption.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,7/7/2014,82,84,1,9,3>I've been trying to go here for awhile but hadn't because it's a little further out and I never need to go to Hilliard. It's a pretty casual restaurant. On an early evening on Friday, it was pretty busy. We started with the spicy feta, which was a bit too salty, but had a good amount of heat. I ordered the Moussaka, which is basically an eggplant layered dish with ground beef, potatoes, zucchini, tomato sauce, and topped with cheese. I've tried baking this dish before and it was alot of work. The dish was HUGE! I was quite happy with the flavors. My friend ordered the Israeli-style Schnitzel. It was a breaded chicken breast served over rice. It was good but I feel like the whole dish was too dry - it needs a sauce like a gravy or tomato sauce. If I ever make a return, I'd like to try their gyro dishes and possibly the baklavas.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/6/2014,181,124,,7,4>You guys, I am so impressed! I had eaten dinner at T Murray's many moons ago, but the manfriend and I just dined here for lunch today. It hit all of my foodie buttons:1) Variety in the menu2) Interesting ambience (I like to look at pretty things when I dine)3) Speed of service (hello, I can't usually afford to take a full hour for lunch)4) Touch Tunes (total musical domination)I had the daily special, which was a spinach, bacon and mushroom quiche served with a refreshing side salad (also with bacon - double win). The quiche was probably the best one I've ever had, no joke. The crust was light and flavorful and the filling was fluffy and totes tasty.There was hardly anyone else in here during lunch, so we avoided a wait, could hear each other speak and enjoyed attentive service from our staff. Plus, I wasn't competing with anyone for the Touch Tunes. ;-)Love, love, love this place. I need to come here for lunch more often!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,7/5/2014,189,111,2,6,3>Let me just start out by saying I was a little bit skeptical. I live near Open Sky Day Spa (OSDS) and it's a pretty unassuming, small building. My other massages have come at resorts in Hawaii, Vegas, Jamaica and NYC. I was totally prepared to be underwhelmed. The lobby is small. Then I laid down and Clay got to work. The next hour was THE BEST MASSAGE OF MY LIFE - and I once had a 90 minute massage in a secluded, open cabana listening to the ocean in Jamaica... why don't I go back there... it was warm... cozy... open bar... wait. oh yeah, Clay. Clay was like a surgeon. Precise in his pressure. It wasn't an "i'll make you feel good" but a "you're gonna thank me when I'm done" massage. My wife wanted far less pressure than I, and she was happy as well. It's perfect. Maybe I'll try to get a monthly membership or something. I could do that a lot. A Lot.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,7/4/2014,79,39,2,6,6>I first paid a visit around 6pm on a week day after work, only to find they had just closed. I called and learned that they're still trying to feel out their hours but would be open at 7am the next morning with all new juice. So, this time I made the trek before work - and I'm so glad I did!So far I've had the sweet green and strong beet, both of which are fabulous. I'm a big fan of incorporating greens into everything I eat, including juices and smoothies, but I know that's definitely not everyone's forte. However, the other flavors added are equally fresh and delicious so I recommend everyone tries it at least once!Perhaps it's all in my head, but I perked right up the morning I had that sweet green and felt remarkably rejuvenated. I almost didn't need my daily dose of dark roast! (Almost...)While I'm not sure I could turn this into the healthy habit I'd like it to be, partially due to price and partially because I still like to chew most of my calories, I'm definitely thrilled that these girls have brought such a wonderful new business into the Short North! There's nothing else like it in the area and they seem to be off to a great start!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,7/3/2014,57,205,2,5,3>I have never had to go tanning ever, but was referred to Jennifer by a friend to fix some really bad tan lines before a wedding. She is absolutely amazing. She works out of her home (the studio is in her basement) and she is incredibly flexible and friendly. I called around to multiple tanning businesses all over columbus and no one said they were able to do anything to help fix lines since all of their spray tans were just in a box/machine. Jennifer does it by hand (not nearly as awkward as it sounds!) and truly is an artist. She puts a lot of thought and care into her work. She told me to let her know how the tan looked later that night after rinsing off the bronzer - even at 10:30pm she was willing to give me advice! I came in for a touch up and hopefully all will be good for this weekend :) I think my situation was a little rarer for her, but I saw some clients leaving while I waited and their full-body tans looked incredibly natural. I was impressed. I highly recommend Glow. The price is just right too! I think she can afford to give such quality tans at a low price due to her working from home. So it's a win-win for all!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,7/2/2014,57,115,,7,3>Urban Acupuncture is THE best place in Columbus. Period.Up until last Sunday, I was an acupuncture virgin.I had my first appointment on a Sunday with Alexandra. She was very nice and soft spoken, asked great questions about my health and what I was trying to achieve.In all honesty, I've had some issues and at this point, will try anything to fix it while I await for my stupid insurance (cough, Anthem Blue Cross + Blue Shield) to give me the pre-cert I need for an MRI (CT's don't pick up hernias FYI Anthem...). While awaiting my pre-cert, trying to find any relief has been sporadic at best. Hence giving acupuncture a whirl.I explained to Alexandra my problems and she placed extremely thin needles in appropriate places. At first I didn't feel anything as I had needles placed on my hands, feet, below my knees, etc. however, once it got to my arms (elbow-pit area) when the needles went in, I felt tension. "What's up with the tension I feel?" I asked. Alexandra explained that it was good I felt that...meaning it hit the right spot and is working. She did tell me if it got to be too much she could reposition them but it was fine. If you're afraid of needles don't use that as an excuse to not give this a try. They're so small, you literally don't feel them go in. It was a great experience. I have felt different (in a good way) and after it was done, I felt very, very relaxed. It was wonderful actually. It's like the kind of relaxed where you're really chill and could wander around the neighborhood on a casual Sunday meandering about without a care in the world. Highly recommended. My next appointment is this Sunday. Can't wait!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,7/1/2014,21,66,3,7,2>I am a regular customer at 101 Beer Kitchen and have never had a bad meal here, but tonight I finally tried the shrimp and grits, which are one of the few dishes on the menu that stays through the seasonal changes.  I can see why, because it was so delicious that I wished they could just bring it in a vat so I could dive in and eat my way out.  Cheesy, silky grits with huge, tender shrimp and spicy sausage - delicious.  I can't wait for lunch tomorrow so I can eat my leftovers.  Their asparagus (a side dish) is also delish - it's grilled, which gives it a lovely flavor. I also recommend the Bartender's Sangria - it's always different.  I've tried a few of them and all have been outstanding.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,6/30/2014,85,100,,6,3>I've tried Ty Ginger twice now and I will be back soon! I have only ever dined here for lunch, which service was quick and we were in and out in an hour. I have a serious love for Pad See Ew and Ty Ginger did not disappoint! Their noodles are cooked perfectly and there is plenty of chicken, egg, broccoli and snap peas to accompany the deliciously chewy noodles and divine sweet soy sauce. I like this dish so much, that I'm not sure I will venture out to anything else!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,6/29/2014,22,115,2,7,4>I've only had Chicago deep dish twice so I won't pretend to know how well Tristano's compares.  What I can say is that it's darn good stuff.  I had a takeout order and while I waited I enjoyed the beautiful weather with a draft beer on their patio.  They have about 4 craft beers on draft and a cooler full of various bottles.  They also offer wine by the bottle.  All with the option of ordering it to go.My first thought while I waited was "this better be darn good pizza at $21.50 for a two topping large".  That's actually before applying my $3 off coupon.  A little hiccup occurred with their credit card machine's connectivity, and they seemed understaffed, but I wasn't in a rush.  Lou and the poor girl running around the place were both very nice.Took my pizza home and even after stopping for milk it was plenty warm almost 20 mins later.  Dove in with the wife as the kids already wasted their appetites on frozen chicken nuggets.  I'm 6' 230lbs, had skipped lunch, and was still only able to eat 2 pieces.  Value:  check.  Flavors:  sausage dried out a bit but I'm guessing it's made in house with lots of fennel.  The cheese and sauce were fantastic and pepperoni was good too.  The crust looks excessive, but there's so much filling, you eat it with what's falling off the pizza.The closest suburb near my rural abode happens to be Grove City.  What a nice find amidst the multitude of chain restaurants dotting Stringtown Rd.  Thanks for choosing GC Lou.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/28/2014,49,218,2,5,3>Pizza House is one of those places that has been around forever and will be around forever and it never changes. And that is a good thing because the pizza here is awesome. I've been coming to Pizza House since I was a teenager and I used to live in Westerville, so it was always a little bit of a trek to come for just pizza, but since I've moved to Clintonville, I am about 6 minutes away from pizza heaven. My boyfriend had never been, so we ordered some take-out. We got a large sausage, onion, and mushroom pizza. It took 20 minutes for pick-up and when we got it home, it smelled wonderful. The sausage here is the best sausage of any pizza ever. It's not like other places. They sliced the sausage super thin and lay it all over the pizza kind of like pepperoni. It's genius. The veggies are also super fresh and tasty. And the crust is that thin crust pizza that I love. They slice it in squares, which I always like better than the pie style slices...cause I'm a weirdo, I guess. Anyway, you can't go wrong here.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,6/27/2014,34,74,,7,3>Weiland's is a super cool place. It's really like the perfect local grocery, they have about everything you need. Wide selection of produce, cheese, alcohol, and meats, and TONS of baked goods, which I appreciate in an establishment. They have a lot of house baked breads, plus from multiple other Columbus bakeries. What's cool is that they don't even sell just a few local brands, they're pretty thorough. There is a huuuuuge selection of Crimson Cup teas and Coffees, which is fantastic. Plus they have some interesting imports, like European sweets and crackers.It's just a great grocery experience- the workers are nice, and there is free popcorn and coffee, plus samples throughout the store. The other day there was a woman giving samples of her pretzels, a business that she just started, and will be selling there. It's cool to not just buy local products there but also meet the people behind them. Some prices do not exactly match a student budget. But you can find good deals if you look.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,6/26/2014,169,192,2,7,3>This is a new favorite!- They make a great manhattan- Love the interior decor- Awesome wait staff- I had the fish tacos - DELISHYum yum yum. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,6/25/2014,43,21,4,5,3>Bought our newest car here last April, and it was a process. Then again, buying a car usually is. Skew staff was pleasant. Be prepared, however. Go in knowing what interest rate you should qualify for, I.e. check your credit first! Know the going rate for the car you want, too. Do your research. I did, and it paid off. Got a fab deal and the car I wanted. Rick was nice and really knows his cars, especially muscle ones. :)However, in my opinion, the best part of Ricart is the service department. Had some warranty work done recently, and it was the best experience I've ever had with a service department. Ken was fantastic and kept me in the loop on what was happening with my car. I'm not your average car owner. I know cars, and I appreciate getting straightforward answers. I got them.They offer coffee and snacks if you choose to wait, or you can take them on the go in the free shuttle that will take you wherever you need to go.All in all, I highly recommend Ricart and plan to use them exclusively even though I live in Westerville.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,6/24/2014,51,317,2,5,4>GREAT customer service!!!  My husband and I came out for our first date after a new addition to our family.  ;-)  With the little guy at home with the grandparents, we went out for brunch, determined to have a good time.  Some of you know I have a nut allergy and I let the server know - wouldn't you know, the very dish I wanted (chicken and waffles) was made with peanut oil.  Now, supposedly peanut oil doesn't have the proteins that most people are allergic to, but with previous near death experiences I wasn't taking a chance.  But I REALLY wanted the chicken and waffles.  Without even asking, the server informed me that they could cook it at nearby Marcella's without the peanut oil, but since it was brunch time, I'd have to wait 40 minutes.  We decided to get drinks and starters (spoonbread and oysters) and wait.  My husband got the poutine.  Thirty minutes later, I had my chicken and waffles, and he had his poutine.  And it was glorious.  SO worth it.  And I really DO appreciate the extra effort they went through to make my dish.  The spoonbread was good, and the oysters excellent.  My husband said the poutine was a little on the salty side, but good.  And the mimosas were excellent - I don't like mine too sweet, and these were wonderfully tart.It was a wonderful first date out.  :-)  Thanks, the Pearl!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/23/2014,47,77,,7,4>This was the first place I visited in Columbus before I moved here and I think it's awesomeness was a large part of what convinced me the spur-of-the-moment move would be okay (I really didn't know what to expect from Columbus at that point). Apple pie mead may be the tastiest beverage I have ever imbibed and I love that they use local spirits - OYO - as well. They have great live music (I saw an awesome blues band and jazz on Wednesday nights) and there's no cover. The bartenders are very cool with allowing you to sample and one bartender in particular, Luis, was a super-badass about giving me some Columbus inside scoop when he found out I was new in town. People are friendly without it feeling pickup-y (definitely a place you could chat with the stranger at the bar next to you though). I can't wait to try a few of their cocktails.Also, bonus points for the food truck outside serving the bar.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/22/2014,84,263,4,5,2>Visited here with a group of girlfriends for a Friday night birthday dinner. I had a reservation and we had a table for 6 upstairs (I didn't even know there was an upstairs). The only annoying thing was that they didn't want to seat us until the whole party was there and said they would only hold the table for 15 minutes past the reso time, but luckily everyone was prompt and it wasn't an issue. Our waiter was a gem. He was super fun, felt no need to rush us and had fun with us all throughout dinner. He recited the entire vodka menu for us (30 flavors or something like that) and suggested fun drinks for us to try. Our food was all tasty, though I was honestly a tad tipsy once it arrived so I may have eaten just about anything! Prices were all very reasonable, about $10 for a sandwich and side. I had a burger and homemade chips, no complaints at all.After dinner we headed downstairs for drinks and bff-catching up. A good time was had by all, though I will say the bartenders paid far less attention to 6 straight chicks than they would in any other bar... luckily our watier hung out after his shift and got his attention ;)
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/21/2014,31,59,2,5,2>Convenience of pizza on campus without the nasty stale cheese, hard crust, fat-dripping (ok maybe a little, but in the a good way) pizza on campus. Oh, and did I mention how convenient it is? Pick ups are ready in 30 mins and delivery usually takes 40 minutes. We order from here for weekend takeouts for long working hours in the lab, and for group meetings and luncheons. The food never fails. The buckeye size, which is a rectangular pizza cut into palm-sized square pieces, is quite large, and feeds a group of 10 people easily, as long as those 10 people are not starving, or college freshmen. The specialty pizza's can be ordered with different toppings on each half with no extra charge, even for the medium size. I'm not sure if the larger sizes will let you do 3-4 different toppings on the whole pie. I do feel guilty eating the pizzas here because they are soooo rich... in everything. Lots of cheese, lots of toppings, toppings are piled on top of toppings. Their "thin-crust" is more like a regular thickness crust at other pizza places. I typically eat very small portions of fatty foods and have a good amount of self-control when it comes to that, but the food from here is so tasty that I just want to keep eating. The only down-side that I can see for people who are not OSU-affiliate is parking. There are meters on the streets surrounding the place, but there are very limited spots. But nothing like a good walk back to the car after a heavy yet satisfying meal.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,6/20/2014,18,53,2,3,3>Columbus Brewing Company definitely stands as one of the better meals you'll find in Columbus, although you won't get much of a local experience by dining there. The location is great - Brewery District AND tons of free parking AND outdoor seating?? - and the food is delicious, but there's not much effort to push the local vibe outside of a generally floating concept. All the beers on draft are local to Ohio, but miss some of the amazing local microbrews (and relatively few are from CBC's own stock.) Even more, there's little native to Ohio in the menu and the interior design is definitely more California than Columbus. All that being said, it's still a great restaurant, with great meals, great beers, and great service. Just head to Schmidt's if you want something authentically local. One more tip: watch yourself on the drinks! There's no prices, but most of the drafts are $7-$9 each.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,6/19/2014,19,222,,8,8>For the longest time, I wasn't even aware of this park, but have passed its location many a time.   It is not well marked.   There is a very small paved parking area on the south west corner of the Hayden Run Bridge.  I had always noticed a couple cars parked there but could not see anything else and always wondered what the attraction was.  After parking, there is a wooden staircase that you walk down into a gorge area.  At the bottom of the staircase is a wooden boardwalk that runs alongside of the stream that merges into the Scioto river.  The boardwalk only goes for about a block or so.  It's actually a serene location even though the busy Hayden Run street runs parallel above you.   The boardwalk leads you right up to the falls.  I was quite surprised to see how popular the place is, but has never been overly crowded.   It's one of my favorite local spots for shooting photos.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/18/2014,247,207,,4,3>The best and most unique ice cream in Columbus! And they've expanded to other places like Chicago and Nashville, and you can get even get some flavors in grocery stores across the US. As much as I love the original short north location, this location has much easier parking. Came here after lunch, and there's also more space to sit. My favorites are the dark chocolate, salty caramel, sorbets, yogurts, and ice cream macarons!! Those are totally worth the money :) Try all the flavors!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/17/2014,346,309,2,4,4>Wooooow. I really don't know how else to describe the RPAC.It is simply GORGEOUS!! ...THIS is what a recreational center is supposed to look like!My experience with rec/sports centers have been very mixed. Starting from my alma mater at UCLA, our Wooden Center is fantastic and one of the top in the nation. Sadly I was not very healthy and spent all my time in the dining halls during my undergraduate years, and it wasn't until I moved over to USC for grad school when I realized how privileged I was back in Westwood. Seriously, Lyon Center at USC needs to get it together.Now that I am spending a summer here at OSU, I am HOT and SWEATY, both from the Summer heat and at how motivated I am to work out inside the RPAC. There's a reason that this is the top collegiate rec center in the nation (if not the world), and I cannot see any reason for a Buckeye to NOT work it out here.Cardio Canyon takes up half the bottom floor and you'll be sure to find a machine fit for your needs. Move on over to the free weights and strength training equipment, and just stare at the amazing architecture of the building, as well as the new and clean facilities that are available. I've never felt so good doing strength training in a brightly lit room, with the ceiling reaching high up to the sky. It's simply a marvel!It's also connected to the Aquatics center which has an Olympic size pool, smaller lounging pool, a large hot tub, and a sauna! Back on the main side, there's a separate floor dedicated to instructional classes (assuming you register into an actual course) that's larger than my own gym back at USC.On top of that, you've got FREE fitness classes year round, tons of dance performance spaces with full mirrors, loads of basketball courts, a lounge area with billiards, a MTV sponsored cardio room, and even a daycare center for those with children!Simply. EPIC. I really can't imagine giving this place less than 5-stars unless you just happened to experience an injury or it was too crowded. Believe me, this center comes out on top.Sign up if you are not a student and haven't done so already. This may truly be a milestone gym investment that I have just made in my life. Cheers to a healthier lifestyle!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/16/2014,32,126,,13,4>We hit Bareburger for dinner a couple nights ago and had a great experience.  The cocktail and food menu is overflowing with fantastic options.  We tried the Johnny Appleseed and the Rachel Carson cocktails and both were great.  The Carson was definitely spring in a glass.  We shared a wild boar burger with a bunch of veggies and a side of sweet potato fries.  We tried both the burger and the fries with the Thai mayo and the smoky paprika mayo on the side.  All of the food was fantastic.  Flavorful but pretty light, which is amazing considering it was boar!  The menu has a lot of options for folks with varied diets - I try to do paleo.  The kitchen had made a slight error in our order.  However, they went well above and beyond to make it right.  Really commendable.  We will definitely be back to sample more of the menu.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,6/15/2014,193,583,3,8,8>On one hand, I don't want this place to get too popular since I wouldn't want it to get crowded (the space is small) and I don't want prices to go up as more people eat here. But on the other hand, this place is too great not to rave about. And it was surprisingly empty for a weekday dinner (my bf and I were the only ones there the entire time).Between the two of us, we had takoyaki, ramen, and tofu. Food was made promptly after we ordered, and arrived piping hot. All solid dishes. All tasted quite authentic and hit the spot. Altogether total ~$15 (!). We sat in the upstairs space, which was cute and is what I'd imagine a little neighborhood restaurant in Japan would be like (alas I've never been). Overall, this is a gem of a place in Columbus and I'm surprised that there is a restaurant like this here. I want this restaurant to do well and I want them to stick around, as It's one of my recent favorite finds and I'll definitely be back in the future.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/14/2014,99,131,2,6,4>Walked into a quaint little shop. I love a few things about this place.1. Location. I like that it is down town, I went on my lunch break to purchase one. 2. The Owner, Pete Great guy!  After talking to him for just a moments I felt like we were life long friends!  Very genuine and passionate about his amazing, SIMPLE product. You can tell a lot of thought and care went into designing and making these little wallets. 3. Made right here in C-BUS!!!!! Cant get much cooler than that.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,6/13/2014,67,792,2,7,3>I've been to several Vietnamese places in town, but none lately.  I love banh mi and like pho.  I read a bunch of the reviews and wasn't sure what to expect.  My impressions: it's a typical Asian restaurant in a strip mall.  Nice but not fancy inside.  Pretty small.  Almost entirely Asian clientele while I was there, which I took as a good sign.  Service was very good, prices are fair.I ordered the minced pork spring rolls; what came were clearly the grilled pork summer rolls, but I wasn't annoyed- they were huge and darn good.  Fresh veggies, tasty pork, a little dipping sauce on the side.  Next I had the rare steak pho.  I got a small; it was plenty big enough, with the rolls, to fill me up.  Broth was subtly flavorful; not too salty or watery.  The meat was tender, the noodles were perfect, the plate of veggies/herbs was fresh.  I added a bit of everything.  No need for gussying up with sauces, though since I like heat I did add some sriracha halfway through.  I got a cold cut banh mi to go, for lunch at work.  By the time I ate it the bread was a little dry, but still good.  Definitely would have been better at the restaurant.  Fillings were fresh and flavorful, and I gobbled it up.I'll absolutely be back.   Lots of other interesting stuff on the menu.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/12/2014,86,139,5,5,6>Get yer cowboy hat and boots on and slap yer mama cuz this place is COUNTRY. Do you know how I know?1. LINE DANCING. And they are serious about it too. There was literally no other kind of dancing going on for the 2.5 hours I was here. Get your Shania Twain on.2. SHINER. Yep, they've got Shiner Bock on tap here for all you good ol' boys. Reminds me of my time in TX.3. CLOTHES. My friends and I came here for a theme party where we were all supposed to dress up in ridiculous country outfits. I'm talking over-the-top. The only problem? We fit in too well. I chatted with some people at the bar and they said they didn't even notice that we were dressed up.4. THE CONFEDERACY. That's right ladies and gentlemen. You want to see hats and cutoff t-shirts with confederate flags on them? Come on in to Nyoh's.Is Nyoh's ridiculous? Absolutely. I mean c'mon. It's a country bar in Columbus, Ohio. In a strip mall. But did I have fun here? You better believe I did.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/11/2014,61,84,2,8,3>Let me first start by saying I have never had Ethiopian food prior to going here. So, It could be different compared to other Ethiopian restaurants. However, I do know what good food tastes like, And I have to tell you this place was incredible. I was shocked to see how large the plate of Golden Tibs was, thank got me and the lady split our meal. It all came out on a Injera, which is a large flat piece of dough, and you use this dough to pick up your food and eat it. So it will get a tad messy, but its worth it because this was a really good meal. The location as well as the interior is kind of... off putting. I only say that because it looks like a bar, when you see it from the outside, and as soon as you walk in there is a bar and a pool table. however you sit further in the building, and that's where you have your meal. P.S. loved the Ethiopian music videos that were playing on the TVs set up around the room.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/10/2014,47,32,8,10,4>My name is Andrew and I have a Till problem.I am proudly a Till: Dynamic Fare regular. Friend in from out of town? "You have to try Till." Awkward blind date? "Let's go to Till!" Hungover on a cloudy Sunday? I think you see where I'm going with this. Every time I go to Till my taste buds have been swirling with excitement from start to finish. Now, the prices may seem a bit lofty and it's an admittedly short menu, but everything is mouthwatering which makes it worth the cost (particularly the vegan Mud Pie that's currently on the menu) and it changes fairly often to keep things exciting! Enough about the food, Till is a beautifully designed restaurant that despite its size feels open and friendly.  And the people? Forget about it. I love everybody who works at Till; from the ingenious kitchen staff carefully crafting delightful dishes to everyone in the front of the house who greets me by name on my inevitable bi-weekly trips to the restaurant. Every time I step foot into Till I know I'm in for a delicious meal coupled with excellent service.If you're looking for some new and exciting food to try (that may be a bit out of your comfort zone) give Till a try! And be sure to save me a piece of that delicious mud pie.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/9/2014,67,179,3,9,6>I've been waiting for what seems like an eternity to try Indochine, and they did not disappoint. I do not even know where to begin on this one.I guess I'll start with this- if you live near the east side and you've driven down Hamilton Rd, you've passed by Indochine, and now you're gonna regret it. The building look like an old fast food joint, still has the drive through window and everything. No big flashy signs, no advertisement needed. So if you don't know about it, you'd never just go on a whim most likely. We were greeted by the most adorable lady ever. I was already enjoying myself by the time we sat down. She was so friendly and spunky, and made us feel very welcome. She was interested in how we'd heard about them, and gave us some insight into the freshness of the ingredients, which things are made from scratch, etc. Between three of us, we ordered egg rolls, spring rolls (which I'd call summer rolls- the ones wrapped in the soft rice paper, not fried, my fave), shrimp pad thai, beef freid rice, and the rare beef and meatball pho. The rolls were fantastic! These are not chinese egg rolls- they are small rolls, and you get three, and the wrap is flaky and very crispy. Perfect in my opinion. Spring rolls were also great- lots of flavor, awesome sauce, too. The pad thai was my favorite. I've ordered this dish many places, and while I've never really been too disappointed, this is by far my favorite- not too spicy, and a just-right balance of flavors. The pho was also great. I've had pho other places that I might prefer to this, but the serving size you get for the price can not be beat. The fried rice was great as well- the only complaint (from an 11 year old) was that it didn't have enough beef. LolThere were a couple guys in there doing the pho challenge: a humongous bowl of pho to eat in an hour. I'm gonna say it's a gallon of broth, easy. Holy Crap! $24 if you don't finish in an hour- free if you do, and you get a shirt that says "What the pho?"Anyway. this place is a great value, with awesome authentic Vietnamese and Laotian food, and the friendliest staff around.  All the stuff we got was only $30. Score!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,6/8/2014,171,384,2,4,5>I've been here twice - once closer to opening, where I was hoping to do dinner, but the long wait time made my friend and I decide to sample their beer and do dinner elsewhere. The two beers they had at the time left us unimpressed, but seeing the food made me want to return.Then I did brunch, after another friend had recommended it.Damn, it was pretty good. Eggs Benedict? Donuts with an apple glaze? Stout with espresso? All was exceptionally good - and the service was fantastic.I definitely plan on hitting their brunch again, and hopefully catching a dinner here, as well.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,6/7/2014,185,387,3,7,3>Franklinton is becoming bar-crawl-able with Rehab and now Strongwater. Hop over to Dinin' Hall and you've got yourself a nice little trio (just uh... come hungry?).The space is huge with mid-century modern decor. I dig it. I especially like the small sitting areas. It must've been fun hitting consignment and thrift shops for the furniture. I'm excited that Strongwater is billed as event space. I expect to see this location popping up on my social calendar. I think that's needed here in Cbus.Food was aight. Pork belly sandwich was amazing -- kind of like a more substantial BLT. That mayo on the thick wheat bread hit the comfort spot for me. I didn't really like my pear and chorizo sandwich. It was a bit dry and bitter.Bacon shallot dip was incredible and delicious! The tomato-based dip was a little too dry and crumbly (wouldn't stick on anything I was trying to dip or spread it on), and the hummus was kind of boring. I think the food is getting there -- the menu looks great for sure. Some kinks probably still need to be worked out. To be fair, when we were there the customer volume was really low (about 4 pm on a frigid Saturday), so the kitchen could have been a bit compromised. Not bad though! Drinks were fab, beer list was interesting yet approachable.Maybe the space is a little on the too-big, too industrial side -- but I could be influenced by the frigid temps outside. 20 more people in there and I probably wouldn't have noticed the vastness of the space and chilliness of the concrete.Fun fact: used to be a water fountain factory.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,6/6/2014,42,96,2,5,2>I've been meaning to drop by B & K Smoke House, ever since reading Paul F.'s review.  Particularly given they're just down the road from my office, in a part of town that is short of good food offerings.James, one of the proprietors, was manning the counter; he warmly welcomed me, and showed considerable (and justified) pride in his food.  One of the nice things about B & K is that it's not just about the proteins; they also have a nice array of sides.  Given the sheer number of offerings, I couldn't resist being greedy, and ordered a half-slab of ribs, mac & cheese, collard greens, green beans, and cornbread.When James brought the take-out container laden with food out from the kitchen, he couldn't resist showing it off to me before packing it up.  And who could blame him?  It was quite possibly the most beautiful arrangement of food to be found in a cheap styrofoam clamshell in this city.I'm not a huge mac & cheese fan, but B & K's was notable for the use of real cheddar, not velveeta.  Both the collard greens and green beans were nice renditions of the form; stewed with bits of salt pork, pickled green peppers, and chili pepper.  The star of the show, of course, were the ribs.  The were tender and juicy, with the meat falling off the bone, and the perfect aroma of smoke.  I've eaten my fair share of pork ribs - at highway gas stations in Texas, where they smoke them in 55-gallon oil drums, and at backroads smokers in North Carolina - and these were every bit as good.  And just a five-minute drive from downtown.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/5/2014,138,202,,7,7>Every bird in Ohio is in this park. Follow the covered bridge trail around sunset to hear and see dozens of species of birds.The hiking trails are nice. There are several spots where you are near the stream/river and the sound of water on the rocks is very musical. Slate Run reminds me of Highbanks, but without the city sounds and people. I'm looking forward to going back because I haven't seen the wetland area and the park brochure says this is where the birds really come to party which is hard to believe considering the crazy amount of birds in other areas. Fantastic metropark, five stars.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,6/4/2014,39,170,4,6,3>This review is long overdue....My husband and I celebrated our wedding anniversary here.... he had been looking forward to it for so long....This was a wonderful experience for the both of us.We started out with mussel soupe (my husband) and chilled shrimp and blue hubbard ragour (mine) - both were very good; I'm not a huge seafood fan, but the mussel soupe was good - shrimp was much better.  I would definitely order again, after I explore other items of the menu.  We were served a very tasty moscato;  my husband nor myself are very educated in wine, but we do enjoy bubbles from time to time ;-) and our anniversary seemed an appropriate time.I had the grilled tarragon marinated flat iron bison, and my husband had the rack of lamb special; the lamb was very, very good, succulant.  The bison was 'ok'.... I don't think it was made inappropriately, I just don't think it was my taste.  Next time I will try the fillet.We ended the evening with a chocolate bombe, the infamous vanilla creme brulee, and complimentary whilte wine (sorry, I don't know the name - it was chosen for us).  Everything was perfect.The owner/manager takes everyone's order personally, brings you the wine selection, and checks up on you regularly - although not intrussively;  I love that they serve everyone at once; it's a show, and they appreciate it.I look forward to having more special events here.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,6/3/2014,253,17,1,9,4>Lucky's is my go to place when I just want to grab a drink, whine/rave about a date, or just mingle with other locals. The staff and bartenders are pretty friendly and usually are on top of their game by making sure that your glass is always full. Although I'm not a big beer drinker...I've looked over the beer selection list and it seems pretty broad to me. I do know that they do not have Blue Moon though. (Insert pouty face)The food here is actually pretty good compared to other bars...I'm a fan of their jumbo wings, buffalo chicken sandwich, and gyros.There are pool tables on both sides of the bar, so if you're looking to play pool...you're in luck. I've never had to wait for a table like I have in other bars. There's also a jukebox that can take photos of you and your friends...these are usually a lot of fun after you've been on a bar crawl for eight hours! ;) Lucky's has a trivia night every Wednesday at 7:30 PM. I've always been a big fan of trivia nights just because it brings friends together throughout the work week and helps you unwind and just have a good time. The DJ is absolutely fun and makes the trivia experience that much more enjoyable.  So if you're ever in the mood to play pool, watch a sporting event on one of the many large screened tvs, or just want to catch up with friends and play trivia...check out Lucky's! :)
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,6/2/2014,42,196,2,4,3>I have to admit that it has been many years since I have been to Jeni's. I am always turned off by the lines at the Short North location... mostly because I only seem to see it during the popular Gallery Hop. So Jeni's has always been in the back of my mind as "that popular ice cream place with weird flavors and long lines." Well after today's visit I will eat those words, and more Jeni's ice cream in the future! I had something called chocomole. It had shagbark in it. I don't even know what that is. It also had cayenne pepper which seemed strange to me. Despite the strangeness, I was assured that this flavor is delicious. Boy was it ever! The cayenne pepper had a great kick that really made me feel alive when combined with the chocolate. There are so many other flavors to choose from, as well as rotating flavors and limited editions, I feel like I have to go back and try more.As for this particular location, well I don't really like Easton that much, but it is super classy. The outdoor patio is well done and the inside of the shop is clean and well done.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,6/1/2014,25,45,1,7,2>DOS boot diagnosed and replaced my failed hard drive. Paid $110 initially and then about another $100 for the new hard drive. They were able to transfer all of my data, saving me major headaches. The guys were clear and honest throughout the process. The whole thing took a few days, which I believe is pretty fast compared to the competition. I recommend them highly!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,5/31/2014,33,299,2,6,5>Perched atop a parking garage near the medical center on the Ohio State University campus is a small piece of green wonder - the Biological Sciences Greenhouse.  It's not a huge facility, and the major draw for the pop-in visitor fills just two rooms at the end of the hallway, but it sure is neat!  The two rooms are filled with tropical plant life, and the warmth of the space sure provided some relief for any visits during our recent bouts of cold weather!  It's a nice place to visit, but there's an even bigger treasure to behold here in recent years.  It turns out the greenhouse director has a magic touch when it comes to the endangered Titan Arum, or Corpse Flower.  After a couple of exciting years of one bloom a piece (also a rare feat - blooms do not happen frequently), last year had an amazing three blooms.  All of these titans can still be seen at the greenhouse, just not in bloom at this time, and it's neat to see them in different phases of titan life cycle - a couple are dormant, and one was in leaf, upon my most recent visit.  The Corpse Flower is known as such due to the fact that it is pretty darn stinky when it opens, due to the need to attract pollinators, so while the greenhouse offers a video feed, the full experience is best in person.  I've seen three of them now, and it's always a fascinating experience.  They have special extra hours they are open during a bloom, since it only opens for a short period of time.My most recent visit was for their current special exhibit of a hundred Voo-Doo Lilies, a relative of the titan arum.  They also open for just a few days, but because there are so many, you should be able to see some in bloom during the event.The greenhouse is open Monday-Friday 8:30-4:30.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/30/2014,65,187,,3,2>Two things make One Line a recommended spot:1.  That cold brew.  Man, is it good.  Comes in a great little bottle, tastes like nothing else, and is altogether unique in Cbus.  2.  The new little creations they're doing with espresso and rose water and dragon tears and whatever else.  They're cool, perfectly sized, and (again) totally unique.  I found the staff at One Line to be a little cold when they first opened, but I've been pleasantly surprised the last few times to find the baristas to be friendly and helpful.  Love it.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/29/2014,88,65,3,6,4>A++ for flavor and service! I ordered the Chikin Creole and was very pleased- the flavors of chicken, white wine, slow roasted tomatos, peppers, etc came together very nicely. (Oddly, if you like Indian food, I think you'd like this place)  The counter guy made a great first impression and was highly theatrical and outgoing, I wasn't sure if I walked into a circus, a restaurant, or both (and I mean that in the best possible way). It was fun and I could tell the employees were passionate about the food. And how could you not be?! Warm, satisfying, delicious comfort food is to be found at Da Levee. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,5/28/2014,31,164,2,11,2>I happened to be searching for a business that previously existed at this address when I saw the "coming soon" sign a couple of days ago. Sushi. Coming soon. That's even better than what I was planning to find. I'm so there.Rishi had their grand opening last night, and I came in for lunch today. It's a beautiful space, very classy. They do sushi, yes, but also ramen and Asian-inspired burgers. I was here, of course, for the sushi. The hostess asked if I had a preference between the sushi bar or a table. I didn't, so she went sushi bar. It's their first lunch open, so while it was pretty empty at 11am, they probably couldn't know how busy they'd get in an hour or two. The sushi chefs said hi as I sat down, and my server Phil was over very soon to give me a rundown on the restaurant: they get fish in three times a week, so it's very fresh; the ramen is made with a two-day preparation process (that means nothing to me, maybe it does to more frequent ramen eaters); and baked goods come locally from the Angry Baker.I decided to go simple and just order the Sushi Lunch, which is a tuna roll and five pieces of nigiri. I got a seaweed salad starter and a cup of hot tea.The tea came with two tea bag options, genmaicha and sencha, both green types, from a brand I hadn't tried before. The genmaicha was good, and Phil was attentive with the extra hot water when I got close to the bottom of the cup.The seaweed salad was tasty, with grapes mixed in.The sushi was definitely worth coming here for. There is an extensive list of specialty rolls I look forward to trying, but for today I was content with the basic lunch. The fish was definitely fresh, and the salmon in particular felt like silk in my mouth. While the sushi chef was preparing it, he asked me over the counter whether I wanted wasabi inside the nigiri. This made me happy -- so many places in Columbus just put it in, and I'm not a huge wasabi fan -- I said no, I'd prefer it just on the side, and thanked him for asking. He said it is normally put in there; I don't know if folks sitting at tables would end up getting the same offer/question.Mid-meal, Phil came over to check on me and asked if I needed anything else. Actually, yeah... the lunch was supposed to come with miso soup, I thought? He looked upset with himself, apologetic: You're right, he said, it was, and he had forgotten to mention that they didn't have the miso in yet. It was his fault, and he'd see if there was anything else he could get me. A minute later he offered salad, which sounded fine to me. Brand new place, there was bound to be a slip-up, and this was it, but the handling is what matters, and that was hitchless."Servers," said the sushi chef to me jokingly with a wink when he walked away.The salad was a simple one with a very nice dressing. I'd have preferred it before the sushi, and it was a little redundant since I'd had the seaweed salad, but it was an appreciated consolation for the missing soup. I look forward to having that soup next time!The location is split into several spaces: the sushi bar, the booze bar, and two table seating areas, one on the main floor and another up the stairs to a loft-type area. The decor is chic and modern, and there is a large flat-screen TV on the wall behind the sushi bar, tuned to Fox Sports while I was there (boxing and then poker were on). Everyone I interacted with was super-friendly and interested in providing a good meal and experience. I can't wait to be back.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,5/27/2014,92,223,6,5,4>They see me rollin' they hatin' patrolling they tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty. Yeah people my car is definitely rolling now. Rolling on fresh and clean. If you want your car so fresh and clean stop by goo goo and get their car wash. I know I sound like sales person speaking for them but people if you can afford to go out and eat at least take care of your car too. I like coming here because the guys are friendly and treat your car well when you first pull up to begin the car wash process. Then once you finally go through you know you will drive out with a sparkly new car. Not new but you get my point.So what are you waiting for?? If your car is dirty come out here and get it washed!!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,5/26/2014,20,128,2,5,2>Still four stars after almost a year later!  This time around, shared some cheese curds with a friend.  They are oh so bad for you, but definitely a solid snack.  Also partook of the fish tacos (a little too much mayo in the slaw, but very good) and grilled green beans (perfectly cooked, still had a snap, a must-try).  Was excited to see that they have a rotating selection of beer from Jackie O's, which is a personal favorite.  Lastly, service was excellent--the waitresses accommodated many questions and let me move around the restaurant to find a non-drafty seat.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/25/2014,54,186,,7,4>I took the day off with my wife and we decided to check out this cozy little spot in UA.  it's on the every end of a cute little strip of retailers that kinda pops out of nowhere amongst beautiful (and large) houses.  Parking was not a problem, but if it got busy, I would assume that might be an issue (or park across the main street/other areas and walk a bit further).Walking in, the decor was definitely reminiscent of like a pottery barn or a very upscale cracker barrel... not sure if everything on the walls could be purchased or not, but there was a LOT of stuff. there were also only like 6-8 tables if i recall correctly, so I assume it would be hard to get a table on the weekend?Ordering was done at the counter and if you used credit card, they have a tablet to use square.  NOTE: there isn't a tip line when i signed, so be sure to bring cash if you desire to tip.Coffee and juice are self serve behind you to the right wall.  We sat down and received our order in a decent amount of time. I would assume that if this place got busy, it might take a while to get your food... but i'm just guessing on that.  Everything was done really well presentation, cooking, ingredient, and temperature wise. you could tell they took pride in their culinary products. I got the burrito, which came with AWESOME pico de gallo, sour cream, and even half an avocado (BONUS!).  Wife got the oats (which IMO is a waste if you're going out for brunch, but whatevs, it tasted good). anyway, i love this little spot, definitely seems like a shop a person that loves food and design opened up.  Cute details abound in this place and i hope nothing but success. I will be back!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/24/2014,126,38,3,6,5>I had to take off one star because they have ALL THE BAKLAVA and it won't stop getting in my mouth. But seriously, this place is a great little surprise. The food is WAY better than you're expecting. The falafel wrap, which I've had both times now because its that good, is superb. The pita is baked in house and a lot thinner than I'm used to, but fresh and yummy. The hummus was flavorful and tasted fresh. The tabbouleh was excellent - bright with flavor. I never thought I'd enjoy filling my mouth with parsley, but somehow it works. And now, can we please get back to the baklava? They have every kind. All are exquisite. The cream baklava, which as far as I can tell is nut-free, is amazing. I can't pick a favorite - light, crispy, sweet, gooey, delish. Get in here. You'll be so happy you did.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,5/23/2014,64,114,,9,5>One of my favorite hobbies is grocery shopping. So any place that offers a variety of quality products at a great price I am hooked!  I am not just a fan for the obvious reasons: cute little Asian nick knacks and treats.  I love this place for the produce and meat counter.  CHEAP!!!  Ok so you have to do a little sifting, but great prices on apples, pears, bok choy and pomegranites. Also the meat and seafood counter has some of the most competitive prices I have seen, at least compared to Kroger.  Now like the produce, just ask them to show you some choices, don't just take what is on top.  Finish your trip but stacking up on great frozen goods, freshly prepared foods and a coconut bubble tea :)
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,5/22/2014,34,113,1,9,5>The Olentangy River Greenway is an asset to our community. A prime example of what urban planning can do for the public good, the greenway runs its way down the west side from its origins in Worthington Hills to its terminus at Confluence Park,  and connects with start of the Scioto Mile.  In use as both a travel causeway and an exercising platform, the trail as I like to call it, is more than an asphalt slab, for it will take you through some of the most scenic neighborhoods of Columbus. It runs through some historic sights of the city. In sunny days the trail will feature bikecyclers, rollerblades, speed walker, strollers, baby-carriages, joggers, runners, urban explorers, marathon-wannabes, lover, and photographers. The trail showcases both the natural and the urban, suggesting to the traveler a host of emotional impressions.I use it to get in shape. I usually start at Antrim Park and go south. From there the trail hugs 315 and can be kind of noisy, but it soon sways away following the bends of the river. There are bench scattered throughout the greenway if you need a break. In this section you will go through scenic greenery, wooden bridges, and under ancient trees. Coming to Henderson road is very beautiful in its juxtaposition of the low rusted bridge and rustic background. Here the trail turns up and over the river. Down the opposite side is Whetstone school.  Stop by the old pedestrian bridge that is beyond; it rises above the river, 315, and Olentangy River Road connecting the Knolls to the west; you will get a view of the area not often seen. South is Whetstone Park with trails leading to the Park of Roses, one of the nations celebrated urban parks. On the trail is a maze of grass lands that you can spend some time exploring and breathing the fresh air. Staying on the greenway will take you to Northmoor Park. This is a great place to rest and have a bite to eat. There are picnic tables there and a nice view of the river. Watch out for the geese--that alpha goose is a real bastard!From Northmoor the trail goes over back streets of Clintonville. Its nicely maintained yards and quiet streets feels like a classic Rockwell painting. Crossing North Broadway, it swoops down a back alley and again becomes pedestrian only.  Here it goes over the grounds that Olentangy Park--once the largest amusement park in the country-- set. If you look carefully you may find steps leading down into the river. I am not sure if this was part of the park. Crossing a bridge leads to the Ohio State University Nature Preserve and Union Cemetery.  The preserve is a wonder to bird and animal watchers; a wealth of life nests there. There is a viewing tower, and there is a walk-trail that will take you through it. Deer gallop through here; check the cemetery, they like munching on grave flowers. Going under Dodridge takes you to a darker, wooded ravine, a perfect place for a horror movie. A side trail loops around to the east and leads to a photogenic gothic staircase that climbs up to Hudson.From there it runs by Tuttle Park, under the overdone Lane Avenue Bridge and by Ohio Stadium. Pass the University Hospital, the scenery become desolate, Mad Max like. They have taken out the 5th Avenue damn rendering the river smaller. I usually stop at a lookout plaza here; the scene of 315 rising above the river is so ugly it's beautiful; kind of like seeing the crawl spaces of a well-designed mansion; you're seeing the plumbing, wiring, and insulation of the city. Keeping on you will reach Harrison West and the Side-by-side Park. The trail turns here, taking a steep ramp under 3rd Avenue and running under a tunnel. It becomes distinctively urban now. Graffiti takes the place of nature for viewing pleasure. This stretch runs under highways and train tracks and has a feel of a Lost Boys-Doors song part. This will take you across SR33 and to Confluence Park, where a bridge will grant you a view of the Scioto swallowing the Olentangy. I usually go on, with the Scioto Mile from here. If you are of mind, take a few hours and explore this part of the city.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/21/2014,60,266,2,10,6>Wow.. old school bakeries still exist!Forget the multitudes of cupcakeries, cake popperies, and cutesy bakeries smothered in princess colors and think about the last time you actually had a really good pastry without the frill of pastel colored icing. Think about the last time you actually had A REAL doughnut NOT from a chain or grocery store. We were on this side of town on a Saturday morning and decided to give it a shot and apparently so did everyone else. Man, this place is hopping on a Saturday morning.. and as it should be. We got in the tiny one room establishment filled with cases of sweet treats and delicious breakfast pastries and before we blinked the two of us ended up turning into 15 of us.. all packed in like sardines. Clearly.. people love their doughnuts here. Schneider's isn't just doughnuts either... Again, back to the old school bakery thing.. there are no cake gimicks like magic sparklers, fancy fondants, or topsy turvy cakes... it's all just simple.. maybe some roses here and there, but just a simple wording on top. I can appreciate the simplicity.. it cuts out the DIVA-ness when it comes to buying cakes. Perhaps I will get a chance to try theirs someday. Now.. back to the doughnuts..They have quite an array here, so get an assorted dozen, because all were pretty darn yummy and blood sugar crashing perfection.  Also, if you're a cinnamon roll freak, then you might want to try the orange frosted ones they have. Just sayin'I can definitely bookmark this as a place to visit come late night for sweet munchies.Count me in! I'll be bah-ck!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,5/20/2014,115,228,2,6,4>I don't come here often enough, I really don't.I kind of love everything about this diner. I've never had a bad meal. There's nothing on the menu over six bucks. I always get amazing service and the people behind the counter are so, so friendly. They demonstrably care about their customers. I overheard one of the women working today talk to multiple customers about their lives, already knowing and remembering the kinds of details that friends would know.The hours are short, the menu is limited, the parking is curbside, and all of these things help keep prices super-manageable. You can get breakfast for around six bucks, coffee included--I didn't even know that was still possible. I'm a big fan of reduced overhead and super-focused businesses. I don't need my diner to do multiple things, I just need it to be a diner; GVCS delivers beautifully.I also love that they serve their full menu from open to close; being able to get breakfast in the afternoon or a burger in the morning? Heck yes. Heck. Yes.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,5/19/2014,41,126,4,12,8>I recently received a family heirloom ring from my girlfriend that was going to need resizing. After reading the awesome yelp reviews we decided to give WJ a shot. Beth was amazing and greeted us warmly when we came inside. We really appreciated the fact that she took the time to thoroughly explain to us why resizing the ring 4 1/2 sizes down would damage its integrity. While we were heartbroken that kind of honesty and care was so appreciated. With this news, we asked about custom designs. Again, Beth listened and spent extra time and care to make sure she understood our vision as well as communicating her ideas in a educational and thoughtful way. We adore Beth and couldn't be happier with the service we have received thus far. In this day and age it's hard to imagine that the lgbt community still needs to worry about discrimination, but unfortunately we do. Beth never for one moment treated us any differently than a straight couple and we noticed another lesbian couple being very well treated in the watch section. KUDDOS to Beth and WJ.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/18/2014,17,64,2,4,3>Great little (only 12 tables) spot to grab a quality diner breakfast. My wife had the huevos racheros and I went with an omelet. Both were quick and just the right serving size. This was easier to get in to than the standard J&B wait on a weekend morning, but you never know since more and more people are finding out about it and it's so small. We will be back for lunch soon since we both work in the Dublin area...so nice to have a quality, local diner set up shop outside of downtown!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,5/17/2014,77,87,4,7,3>A group of gals from work and I were lured to Pie's for Trivia. Tuesdays at 7 pm in their upstairs pub. Well, we got there at 6:30 and it was full--people started getting there at 5:15 to hold tables! So we stayed for dinner downstairs in the dining room. Really interesting layout as this used to be a home. Their open-air kitchen totally feels like a home kitchen, but in a good, friendly, "come watch us cook" kind of way. The staff was friendly. "Pie" himself visited the table, as well as the executive chef. "Pie" was a little too friendly and kept chatting it up and patted our friend's shoulder whose pet peeve coincidentally is being touched by strangers. Hands to yourself, "Pie"! I had the pizza with all sorts of mushrooms and added sausage. Very good! And they had this chili oil spray that I literally wanted to aim in my mouth--so good!We went for the Trivia, stayed for the pizza, but won't make a special trip out there again. I don't frequent Reynoldsburg, but if you do--try it. You'll like it!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/16/2014,278,274,3,6,5>I don't like chocolate.Wait, let me qualify.  I don't like cheap waxy chocolate that we so frequently find lining supermarket checkouts.  Tim's (that's the owner) chocolate is absolutely phenomenal and he is just the sweetest guy in the world!I highly rec his home made sea salt caramels.  They are like no other - I promise you.Fudge is amazing and there's a fun and interesting selection of imported candy including Haribo/gummies!These chocolates make for great gifts and ship superbly to clients, family and friends.The shop is getting national awards and attention for its confections, too!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,5/15/2014,45,155,2,11,7>Northstar doesn't really need more reviews, but I wanted to write one specifically about their gluten-free options, of which there are a ton. I recently found out I have to eat gluten-free and for a person whose hobby is eating out and trying new places, it's quite a change and causes a fair amount of anxiety.But I was told everything at Northstar is gluten-free except the tortillas and breads - even the corn chips. I got the sweet basil burrito in a bowl, upon ordering the person who took my order was knowledgeable and understanding about me being very specific. When the server brought it along with re-stating our orders for confirmation, she noted gluten allergy when setting down my entree. Little things like that make a big difference when you're sitting and worrying whether your meal is going to make you feel sick.One small quibble - without googling and reading other people's comments about GF options at Northstar, I would've had no idea unless I walked in and asked. I would think they'd want people to know it's likely a safe place to eat gluten-free. Their website says nothing about it, and even their physical menus make no mention. It would be nice to just have that available to anybody anytime, even with the usual warnings about cross contamination.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,5/14/2014,114,214,3,7,5>A new favorite spot!  Especially on Tuesdays.  We went a couple of weeks ago before the amazing Bruce Springsteen concert.  It's a perfect distance from Nationwide Arena, not too close that it's overwhelmingly crowded but not a far walk either.  Tuesday is $6 burger night.  During happy hour, you can grab a quality beer, and your total is under $10.  That is one of the best values I have seen downtown, for sure.  I ordered the Brie and Bleu Burger.  I loved it!  The cheeses, especially the bleu, really shined through.  Everyone else in our group was happy with the food too.  So, I would highly recommend Barley's especially during happy hour.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,5/13/2014,52,288,,5,3>Great food, chill atmosphere  Stopped in to the Tavern for a late night bite last night.  I had been holding off on Tavern for quite some time, but decided there was no better opportunity to give them a try.  I am so glad I did.Walked in from the cold winter night to a nice warm atmosphere.  It was really dark, but no matter.  Sat at the bar and was helped immediately.  They brewed me a fresh pot of coffee and I ordered up hummus, the veggie chili, and a pepperoni pizza.  The spicy chili was very flavorful.  I liked the thick veggie ingredients and had just enough heat.  The hummus was a star dish.  It comes with tzatziki sauce as well as this quinoa-like stuff.  With the provided bread scoop all the ingredients together for an incredible bite.  The pizza did not disappoint either.  Pepperoni was plentiful, sauce had great flavor, and the bread wasn't too thick.  Even with 3 cups of coffee the meal still left me fat and sleepy.  Will definitely revisit.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/12/2014,63,56,,6,8>I can't go back here soon enough! This is now easily one of my favorite restaurants in Columbus! They get 5 stars from me in every possible category. Be sure to order the Cheddar Biscuits as an appetizer!! ATMOSPHERE:  What an awesome date-night spot, as me and my gf discovered. Only downside is they only take group reservations (6+ groups). Very good cocktails - but be prepared to spend $12/drink. FOOD: Outstanding! As it was my first time there, I tried one of the specials for the evening. (Short Ribs). I have never *ever* had such a tender slice of beef. It was spectacular. We finished the evening off with a lemon bar dessert that didn't wow me as much as the short ribs, but still very good. SERVICE: Our waitress was very kind and welcoming. We took her advice on one of the specials and were not disappointed! But she wowed me at the end of the night with a simple gesture -- she dropped off our check and asked how everything was, I explained how amazed I was with the food and mentioned offhandedly that it was our first time at Third and Hollywood. She quickly took back the check and ran off without saying much. She had our dessert COMPED! To me that single and small gesture spoke volumes about this restaurant. Well done!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,5/11/2014,73,88,,6,4>I came here with a date yesterday at the behest of the sheer number of positive reviews this place has garnered. I must admit that I was just as impressed as it would seem everyone else who came here has been thus far. I ended up getting the Steak oriented 'build your own tacos' specialty and I definitely don't regret the choice. Between the main dish, and the garnishing peppers, onions, and sauces they provide at the table I definitely wasn't want for flavor or spice.A dinner for two here ended up running me about $16-17 and considering the quality and quantity involved it was more than worth it. I found myself impressed with the taste and my appetite utterly defeated. The atmosphere is also pretty cool. The wall decorations are rather interesting and when I was there they had the Spanish oriented version of CNN playing and another news channel I couldn't identify. It definitely has the right sort of feel to it.All in all I would certainly recommend Los Guachos Taqueria to friends. Between the atmosphere and the authentic style food it is certainly a winner.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/10/2014,363,423,8,16,9>Being the brave soul that I am, I decided to try out this brand new Chinese restaurant.  Even braver of me was the fact that I ordered off the authentic Chinese menu.  I got the Hot and Numbing Wok Fried with shrimp.  Now be forewarned, this dish is not geared toward a typical American palette.  I only ate about half of it and had to stop.  It was hot, and I mean wicked hot and yes my mouth went numb like I'd gotten shot up with Novocaine.  Man, I could have gotten a root canal after eating this and not felt a thing.The restaurant itself is not a fancy place, just a hole in the wall seating maybe 40 people with a basic go up to the counter type service.  They give you a buzzer to let you know to come back up to get your food.I'm going to give these people a 5 Star review.  It's an interesting restaurant that can accommodate our American tastes as well as Chinese tastes.  If you're feeling adventurous and you want to try some authentic Chinese cuisine...  I can tell you the food here is interesting, solid and fairly priced.And one last thing.  This is the first time I've ever gone into a Chinese restaurant and actually felt like I was in China.  There were some Chinese OSU students with what looked to be a Chinese game show on the television.  There was nothing in here that says you are on the OSU campus on High Street.  Nothing.Definitely worth checking out sometime.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/9/2014,90,188,2,5,4>When I moved back to Columbus last year, I was looking for a shop to call my own; every barber shop has it's own vibe, and there are so many different ways that it could go. The experience comes down to conversation, ambiance, cut, and customer base.Conversation: I've always had fun talking in here. If I'm not talking about something in a barber shop, I feel like someone is doing something wrong. These guys will talk about just about anything with you; if they're clueless, they are open to learn. Ambiance: it's got a classic feel, with a bit of a rockstar past looming. They play small shows in here, and record live music on occasion. It's not the trendy spot, full of hipsters with hair waxes and moustache oils. But since I can't rock the facial hair, I'm totally okay with it. Cut: A great cut. I often don't even know what I'm looking for, but they give it to me right. Customer base: diverse; i've seen grandpas and I've seen campus kids. Given its location, I'd say this spot favors OSU kids, but I like the variety.This place is not Old Familiar: you aren't going to see someone walking in with a $800 pair of jeans and their grandfather's flask on the hip. But they aren't pretentious, they have fun, and they are super kind. They are flexible and always try to fit in a cut when they can, and root themselves in offering a great experience rather than creating demand.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,5/8/2014,26,378,1,8,5>Warp Zone is the best video game store I've ever been to. The owner and staff are super friendly and helpful, and the selection is unmatched. I went in just to look at some NES/SNES games and realized I was looking at the biggest selection of Famicom, Super Famicom, Mega Drive, PC engine, etc etc games and systems I've ever seen. They were cleaning an Atari 7800 that looked like it was brand new, and had a 3DO for sale. They had a NES action set still in the box. There's nothing they don't have. I will be back. Often. And I'm bringing more people with me.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,5/7/2014,68,149,2,8,4>Just tried this place the other day and...WOW! It's like a healthier, Korean version of Chipotle (even though I hate laying it out like that, that's the concept).Same idea: Walk in and order a base (bowl, salad, or roll), include some veggies, rice and/or beans and throw on a lot of toppings (majority are healthy options like egg, corn, cucumbers, etc..) and a sauce (I prefer Yum-Yum mixed w/spicy Siracha).Average price is around $7, and is quite filling and tasty! This place gets packed pretty quickly too. The layout has a really modern feel and everyone welcomes you upon entering! Also, the music selection is quite random for the atmosphere. I walked in and they were playing 10 Years - Fix Me...not complaining. I'll be back for sure!!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,5/6/2014,86,267,1,7,5>Marcella's Ristorante sets a very nice atmosphere for group of friends or for a nice dinner for two in the Short North area of Columbus. My first visit was a Friday night with 3 others and for that we made a reservation at 6:15PM.  Seated finally at 6:45PM, being told they were a little behind, was understood.  Marcella's had our reservation and that's half of any good restaurant battle.The entire place was buzzing and I like that when out with friends.  To our left was a table of 6 with women out on the town really having fun. Behind me were two couples. To my opposite side was a family of 4 with one being a 10 or so year old child.  All good so Marcella's is equally comfortable with anyone.  Style and apparel was not in question either; folks dressed up and dressed down.  Hey, it's a nice Italian restaurant that's comfy.Meals.  Our table had chicken piccatta, linguini with clams, lasagna and chicken marsala.  I had the linguini and clams - pasta was perfectly al dente and the clams, while smallish and few (4 - 5 clams) they were tasty.  Paired with a pinot grigio made a nice meal.  Pals said their meals were good albeit the lasagna eater claimed too much sauce that had a acidic taint to it; he had to pull off most of the topping.   The table had calamari as an app and it was good.The pricing was moderate for being a Cameron Mitchell place.  I found the restaurant to be fun, lively and ready to build most any meal and environment it could for the customers.  Our server was prompt, cordial and had a consistent method of visiting and filling water glasses.Yup - I'll visit again.  I would like to try it on, say, a Wednesday or a Thursday with a friend to see if it's quieter, to take more of Marcella's in with my 5 senses.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,5/5/2014,89,357,5,6,4>Although I went here without a hangover, I would definitely come here if I did have one... so good.We walked in and were worried we wouldn't be seated; the hostess had to go to see if there was a table for us. Thankfully, there was. The restaurant was packed, and for good reason!I ordered the black and blue burger and my boyfriend got the ultimate H.O.E. burger. We also ordered a seasonal funfetti pancake and mimosas. I was completely happy with everything. I am drooling thinking about how delicious my burger was! The picture speaks for itself. The mimosa was also completely on point. I would drink that every morning for breakfast if I could! Can't wait to return.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,5/4/2014,53,76,,7,4>Nothing could have been a better addition to campus than Ethyl and Tank. It brings the "classy," hip, local-centric vibe of many restaurants in other parts of Columbus, you know, where those young professionals like to hang out, to an area that is wrought with your run-of-the-mill greasy food, sloppy patron, sticky floor hangouts.Don't get me wrong, every college town needs places like that, but it's nice to have an alternative once in awhile and feel a little more grown up. That's not to say E&T isn't fun. They've got free arcade games upstairs (even if you don't buy anything!), $8 32oz fishbowls (25% off for refills/25% during happy hour), PLUS all of their drinks are half off for happy hour too. They even have a Saturday happy hour, bless their hearts.The waitress and I bonded over being vegetarian by high-5ing and then she proceeded to share all of her favorite menu items, including the triple dipper which she described as life-changing. The portions were bigger than expected and very tasty. I threw in a tiny $2 veggie taco for the heck of it and it was very flavorful and packed full of goodness. And did you know Angry Orchard comes in tallboys?! Me neither, but thanks to E&T, I do now. Then I got a chai latte at their coffee bar for my drive home and it was spicier than other chais I've had, just as the barista said it would be.It's pretty much a guarantee that I'll be stopping by Ethyl & Tank just about every time I find myself on campus from now on. Bravo!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,5/3/2014,89,91,2,6,4>Will you get exotic flavors made with flowers, champagne, and spices you can't pronounce - no. You will get good classic flavors and a trip down memory lane. Old school describes Clown Cone. It has a true penny candy store/ice cream parlor feel to it, minus the counter with stools. The ice cream is good, traditional flavors with a few fancy, done very well specialty blends. The banana pudding is pretty spectacular, one of my faves. Birthday cake, salty toffee caramel, red velvet are a few great flavors worth trying. Along with ice cream is an assortment of penny/nickel candy to choose from. The place is very, very small with limited seating, actually maybe only one table and chair. It is always crowded - line outside the door crowded. You can easily drive by and totally miss Clown Cone because it sits back behind the main Northern Lights shopping center. It's located in its own mini strip of stores. Even though it's old school/retro, credit cards are accepted. It's definitely worth checking out. I almost forgot to mention the clowns, they're everywhere. Seriously, everywhere- hanging from the ceiling, sitting  on shelves, pinned to the wall everywhere. A few are down right creepy. This also adds to why you need to come check out Clown Cone
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,5/2/2014,30,144,1,6,3>It has "New York" in the name, so of course I rolled down to Picktown for pizza night.  Pizzeria New York sits in a strip mall.  Inside is a large dining area with plenty of tables (sadly, they were all empty, with one exception, on this Tuesday night).  Most of the Yelp gripes about this place seem to focus on service.  For me, the pizza rolled out at the promised time and it was served with a smile.PNY lives up to its name with a very solid New York style pie.  The crust is thin, slightly crispy and foldable.  There are no giant air pockets under the rim, but you do get some nice doughy chewiness around the edge.  The sauce is nice and tart with just the right amount applied.  PNY uses fresh mushrooms (thank heavens!!!).  The peps were good, but nothing remarkable.Of course I also had to order the pepperoni rolls.  While the menu said it was an order of 6, I only got 5.  That said, they're pretty large and an excellent value ($3.99 for the box), so no gripes.  These rolls consist of pizza dough around cheese and pep, all rolled up the way you would roll them croissants out of the can that I so love to use for "croissant dogs" at home.  You also get the yummy side-car of marinara for dipping.PNY was definitely worth the trip.  If I lived closer to Picktown, I'd definitely be in here more often.  Like the sign outside this place says, "There's a big difference between the big chains and the Independent Pizzerias.  Come on in and we'll prove it to you!"  Indeed, they did.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2014,4/30/2014,43,89,5,6,3>This is kind of a second-hand review because while my dad was visiting I thought he would think the whole growler concept was cool and I sent him to Growl! to get one of mine filled.The pros: my dad returned with a growler of beer similar to what he asked for, and I was happy with it.The cons: they apparently waffled about filling up a non-Growl! growler and when my dad asked if they had anything like Corona (which is admittedly a cringe-worthy thing to say in a growler place, but still, he was clearly a newbie) they were apparently kind of snobby and said no, nothing like that (but ended up recommending a light pilsner, which I think was a fair comparison).Considering I live super close to The Crest and Weilands and Savor Growl and that even the Giant Eagle on High st fills growlers, I'm not sure I'll be going here often unless I'm convinced they are better than my other options.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/29/2014,30,245,1,8,5>Alright, so I think I've said in my other reviews I loathe having to leave my office during the day to get lunch. And sometimes I forget to pack :(Well, thank the stars above, I just discovered that Crazzy Greek delivers to my work! Check em out on Grub Hub!! So far I've sampled the gyros, chicken kebabs, rice, spanakopita and the baklava. DELISH!Their delivery service was lightning fast! The delivery guy was super duper friendly (even tho I didn't tip him because there was no place on the receipt write in a tip... omg Crazzy Greek Delivery guy, if you ever read this, I am so sorry. I never carry cash, but I brought cash to work for the next time I order, hopefully you will be my delivery guy so I can repay you!) And I could not believe how juicy the chicken was. Usually grilled meat dries out. Not the case!Give it a try! Who doesn't love ordering online (check out their coupons!) and delivery!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/27/2014,884,714,5,17,11>Yo! What an awesome space. Had been planning to make a visit after seeing Seth's review, and finally got around to it on Friday. This is the closest thing in town to drinking in Hobbiton or at the Prancing Pony. The ambiance is just fantastic! Old, rustic large bench style tables that promote interaction between strangers, tables sitting on oak barrels, tables made out of pony kegs, candles on all the tables. Dark, woody, and homey. The stage is no more than a half foot high and looks perfect for intimate folk, bluegrass or acoustic performances. The owners were friendly, personable, and welcoming to boot. OH YEAH, plus the prices are freakin' great. $4-5 per draft and $6 for cocktails.speaking of cocktails, I tried their take on the mule and the Headless Horseman. I thought the ginger beer in the mule was a bit understated and enjoyed the horseman a fair bit more because of the more prominent ginger in it (their mule is bourbon-based, the horseman vodka-based).Why not a five? - The selections are slim, so if you are looking for variety, this isn't the spot for you. That said, they pick and choose wisely, and I had things here that I haven't seen elsewhere in town. Selections being draft beer, mixed drinks made with their house sodas, and a few bottled options (or maybe just one).- They have not an ounce of food in the place, not even salted beer nuts or the like. - Parking leaves a lot to be desired (gotta park down at the school a few streets west). - Hours aren't exactly great, but will pick up as business does. Currently only open weekends, starting at six and closing at midnight. This week they will start opening on Thursday too. - Lastly, for a place that has live music all three nights that it is open, there are so many tables that dancing isn't really an option. Frankly, I like the tables, but I think that would be a negative for a lot of people, if the bluegrass jam at Dick's Den is any indication.Honestly, a simply fantastic new addition to the Columbus music and drinking scene, with an offbeat location that should bring some life to the intersection (Hudson and Indianola - land of quik-e marts and pizza joints).edit: Of course I'm the only jerk that didn't give five stars. It's hard competing with the yelp over-forgiving attitude sometimes. How ridiculous that I should feel bad about leaving a four star review.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/26/2014,84,108,,6,3>Vito's is an excellent local place in Delaware for wine, cocktails and appetizers. 135 bottles of wine, 25+ liquors, amazing mixed drinks like sangria, lemon drops, and Manhattans. It's all amazing. Drink from a house bottle or take a taste, a half glass, or a full glass pour from the cuvee. The appetizers are delicious, too. Try a flatbread with fig or prosciutto and creamy, melted cheese. This is a classy place that makes a perfect stop for a late night cocktail, a date, a happy hour with the girlfriends, or a stop after the golf course with the guys. delawareo.com/2013/10/24
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,4/25/2014,37,214,,7,3>I'd been thinking about getting a bike for awhile but had kept quiet for most of the winter, because, well, this winter was rough all around. As the snow melted and sun emerged from hiding, my boyfriend looked at me and said "Do you want to look at getting a bike and hitting the bike paths together?" I surveyed some friends who'd purchased bikes in town, I had two stores that were very highly recommended. I checked out Roll online, looked over their bikes, compared prices, read as many descriptions and tried like hell to figure out how I was going to use the bike. The boy and I wandered into Roll yesterday ready to see what would work for me. Aaron greeted us when we walked in and started asking questions about what I was looking for/what I was looking to do on the bike. He steered me towards a bike that was not only affordable but was pretty much exactly what I was looking for. Then the fun stuff began. Roll has this "Perfect fit" system which scans your body, takes your measurements and then, after a few more questions, provides recommendations on how the bike should be fitted. Once Aaron got me set up with a helmet (and after a quick safety check), I was handed the bike and told to go for a quick ride around the parking lots. Now, I hadn't been on a bike in almost 20 years so it took a minute to get my balance and get going. Once I got going, it was hard to stop... the fitting was so perfect that it was like the bike had been made for me. Aaron was spot-on with his suggestion of bike, helmet, and accessories. Since we figured we would have to order a bike, we left the bike rack at home but they were super cool about us leaving the bike there and coming back for later that afternoon. All in all, I had a stellar experience here. For someone who hadn't been on a bike in ages, it was a very comfortable process. I asked questions, laughed and got some good tips. In fact, the experience was so good that my boyfriend says that when he needs to get a new bike he's going to Roll first. Whether novice or expert, this is a great place to start.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/24/2014,114,521,,7,3>I love ZenCha's short north location, but hadn't realized they were in Bexley as well as their downtown expansion!All of the favorites from the tea, brunch, and lunch menus are there, and the staff are fantastic.I really loved the Okonomiyaki with roasted pork, and my wife said her tuna and avocado sandwich was some of the best she's had in Columbus.I tried a bit of the smoky mushroom soup, and it was a fantastic winter weather pick me up - absolutely recommended if you're in the area!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,4/23/2014,17,87,3,8,4>One of my best friends is a vegan and this is one of her favorite places. I've been wanting to try, and finally had my chance. We didn't realize it closed at 8pm on a Friday night and showed up around 7:40pm...we were going to get takeout, but the lady at the register insisted that we have a seat. She was super friendly and accommodating.I ordered the Spring Rolls and Tso's Tofu with fried rice. Everything was so tasty! I am not vegan at all, and I loooooove when Sesame/General Tso's Chicken is really crispy. Well, this tofu was nice and crispy, and the sauce didn't get the tofu soggy at all. Every bite had a nice crisp. So good! Spring Rolls were pretty standard, but that's a good thing. Friends got the Orange Delight and Pepper Steak. I had never had imitation chicken, or soy/veggie protein before, but they were both delicious, but that Tso's Tofu is the dish that will bring me back again! Would like to try their Pho during a future visit. Wish it was a little closer to me, as it's about a 25 minute drive. I think they'd do really well if they opened a location in Clintonville.  I know for other meat eaters like myself, it might be a little odd to have meat substitutes at first (even though I eat tofu pretty regularly), but experiment a little and try it out! You might find something you really like.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,4/22/2014,142,94,2,6,4>In summary, I loved The Table. It was a great place to have brunch on a quiet Sunday.So, details, details: We went to The Table to meet a friend for brunch on a quiet Sunday. Finding the location was a breeze as it is easily seen as you pass along 5th Ave. At first, I was concerned about where to park... but being a Sunday, it wasn't a big deal and easily found a meter along High Street. After we were inside, we asked about parking and were told we could have parked in the lot behind the restaurant, there are a few spaces reserved for The Table guests, or we could have parked in the Brother's Drake lot, along Indianola, or anywhere along the street - aka Parking really isn't an issue.The space is beautiful - the wood floors are great, the windows allow a lot of light in during the day, there is plenty of room for all the tables, and the bar looked inviting as it stretched into the rear of the restaurant.Our server, Jordan, was super nice and very attentive. He poured our coffee from very cute individual teapots into tea cups with saucers - seriously, it was so cute I expected there to be sugar cubes. I also ordered a mimosa which was served in a stemless wine glass - um... and it was so good I wanted a second by decided to pass - caffeine and alcohol together isn't a great combo.For brunch, I had biscuits and gravy - which were wonderful. The biscuit was soft and had lots of flavor. The gravy had a good amount of sausage in it and was perfect. I ordered a side of their smokey bacon and I do have to say, it was the only dark spot in an otherwise perfect experience. The bacon was a bit soft and very greasy - not my cup of tea... or coffee, rather.Anyway, I had a great brunch and will most definitely be back to The Table - I only wish I still lived down the street!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,4/20/2014,241,94,5,10,5>I think I am slowly starting to understand my bf (and fellow Yelper), Brian F.'s addiction to all things spicy.  HCT offers two levels of heat:  hot and holy.  I opted for the hot, and it was enough for me, but the burn was different...since a lot of the heat was from cayenne, it was rubbed into the chicken.  It wasn't one of those "hits you in the back of the throat" burns, it was a good heat, mitigated with ranch dipping sauce.  And when we were done, the burn didn't last long in my mouth, although I think my lips felt a bit tingly for an hour or so after.For this April event of HCT, you had a choice of dark or white meat.  Each platter came with two pieces of chicken, accompanied by some delicious mac-n-cheese, vinegar-based cole slaw, several pickle slices, and two pieces of white bread.  The chicken is stacked on top of the white bread so that the bread soaks up a bit of the chicken juices and spiciness.  I recommend dipping that piece of bread in a bit of the ranch.  Yum.The chicken itself was cooked perfectly, nice and juicy on the inside.  It's a huge portion; I only ate about half of it.  While the outside isn't "saucy", it's still quite messy.  Being the uber-planner that I am, I brought some wipes with me, which were much appreciated by our group.I'm not sure if HCT will be changing locations, but the April event was held at a co-op on the East Side of town, a place which is ok for a Sunday afternoon, but not so sure I would go there at dark.  They had a picnic table set up to enjoy the meal there.  They had another table with sweet tea and water.  If you get your food to go, be sure to ask for napkins and plasticware.  And if they can get you some wipes, grab some of those too.I think this is going to become quite the destination point once word gets out.  If you're interested in trying it, they are doing invitation-only dinners right now, so get on their website and sign up for their newsletter so you can find out when the next event is happening.  Here's how it works:- sign up for the newsletter- receive an email invitation to buy tickets- select a pick-up time- select white or dark meatYou'll want to act quickly once the invitation comes out.  The day I got my invitation (8 or 9 AM), I went to buy tickets at lunchtime and the first pick-up time sold out.  If I recall correctly, HCT's Facebook page indicated tickets were sold out within 24 hours.  That's a good position for a business to be in.Best of luck to you guys, HCT.  I look forward to my return visit, tissues, wipes, and napkins in hand.PS--I forgot--watch out for this:  the "hot" and "holy" look the same--you would expect the "holy" to perhaps be redder, but it's not.  Make sure you read your takeout box.  :)
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,4/19/2014,129,540,9,7,7>I recently moved back to the Short North after a short stint in German Village during which I fell in love with Pistacia Vera's Buckeye Macaron.  It was just a short walk from where I lived to Pistacia, and pretty soon it was: "A party?  Macarons.  Sister coming to visit?  Macarons.  The last day of the semester?  Macarons.  Busy day at work?  Macarons."  And so on.  When I heard rumors this summer that Pistacia was going to open a booth in the North Market, it was fantastic/horrible news.  I'm at the North Market once or twice a week already, and the thought of that much potential macaron-ing is dangerous.  I would be amazing at a macaron-of-the-month club or a frequent-macaron card.  Also, how many times can I say "macaron" in this review before it starts to look strange?Every time I'm at Pistacia I think that I'm going to branch out and try something besides macarons, and every time, I don't.  Why have I not tried the chocolate croissant?  The vanilla bean marshmallow?  The eclair?  The palmier?  Well, now that they're at the North Market, maybe I'll finally manage to break out of the macaron corner of the menu.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/18/2014,45,93,,6,3>I adore this place! I first visited this past weekend because we were on our way to celebrate two engagements, which of course, we had to honor with a few bottles of wine and champagne!It's a quaint little place off of Livingston in Olde Town East. They have a good amount of craft beer choose from, as well as a decent amount of wine. It's a great place to stop in if you just want/need a quick bottle of alcohol (No Liquor) for the evening or as a present.They also have growlers for you to fill up on whatever they have on tap.The person working was very helpful and friendly.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,4/17/2014,29,123,2,7,5>I think Bryant hit it on the head describing this place as a "Caribbean Northstar." The food is all-natural, fresh and professionally prepared and presented. The place is VERY small, only seating around 25-not great for a large lunch crowd but they have an 85-seat banquet hall somewhere....Today's lunch was my first time, but not my last. My photo features the daily special ($7) of the Black and Blue Jerk Burger with Jerk BBQ sauce, peppered bacon, grilled onions, blue cheese, pesto aioli, to name a few. Came on a grilled brioche bun with quality lettuce, tomato and onion. I got my $2.25 combo upgrade for free with a Yelp Check In offer and chose the Caribbean Cole Slaw. Shredded in-house and lightly dressed, with plenty of cilantro. I also grabbed one of Caleigh's brownie and it definitely tasted from-scratch.The fountain drinks left something to be desired. All Pepsi products and the majority were diet. I just stared at them thinking, "Wait, what?" Prob should have gotten tea but it was behind me on another table.Friend got the made-in-house Veggie Burger with Tandoori Cucumbers. Her plate was empty at the end....There's a "patio" outside the front of the strip with blue metal tables and chairs (can be seen from Riverside/33) to seat an additional 12 people when it gets warmer. I didn't take a photo for it was all covered in snow, even though the entire thing is covered in a maroon canopy. It will be great for summer smoothies and milkshakes that are mentioned on their take-out menu. If you're in Hilliard it's not that much of a hike for lunch. If in Grandview, shoot down Grandview Ave or 5th, connect to 33 and you're there in minutes.I really do hope they expand into a bigger space.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/16/2014,370,523,3,11,7>Occasionally on a Wednesday I leave the house early to drop off a dozen donuts at the boyfriend's work before I head into the office. (That's just how amazing I am.) So, I've previously gone to Auddino's and Giant Eagle. This past Wednesday, I decided to try The Little Donut Shop. I headed to campus, parked by the Starbucks on 15th and walked in the freezing cold down to the shop next to the Newport. I was seemingly locked, but since I'd called before I came, I figured it was the cold weather and tried again and it opened. Then, I hear the words "Sorry, we aren't open yet." What? Huh? I was super sad. With barely any whining, they said, "You know what, no problem, we'll make you up a dozen!"  These guys were awesome. I explained that i just wanted a mixed dozen and they created it with fresh donuts right that second. It took about 10 minutes, but we chatted about OSU sports and their unique donut flavors to pass the time. All their donuts are on the same cake base and they have lots of fun and traditional topping that make them special. I couldn't get the full menu since they weren't fully prepared, but I took what I could get. They also said they are open to suggestions for new flavors (if you have any ideas.) $1/donut, $6 for a 1/2 dozen or $10 for a full dozen. (Not bad.)These donuts were a HUGE hit! Everyone LOVED them. Favorites were the fruity pebbles and the samoa. People couldn't believe how good they were. It wasn't just the toppings it was the great cake donut. They said it was the perfect combo of crunchy fried outside and soft inside. If you want to WOW your coworkers, family, or friends this is the place to go for your donuts. Not to mention a place to get outstanding, friendly service. Starting March 3rd, they open at 8AM.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/15/2014,28,247,5,6,3>My boyfriend and I still both enjoy this place. Since my last update I've brought a friend from out of town here last spring. She was staying the night during a drive up north so we came here for a little late night dinner on a Thursday. We were surprised how crowded it was at 8pm but got a table after a very short wait. I enjoyed the veggie burger while my friend got one of their massive burgers that included and egg on top. We was ravenous as she hadn't eaten all day and had just had a 6 hour drive. We enjoyed a few beers and had great service. We were both very satisfied with our meals and their prices are in line with the amount and quality of food. My most recent visit was a Saturday early evening. The bf and I arrived just be 6 and the place was packed! 40 min wait for a table for 2. We decided to hang out in the bar area. We got stools and sat at the long wood centerpiece thing? Not really a table. We originally planned just to have a drink there until either spots opened up at the bar or we got a text for a table. Neither happened so after 20 mins we just decided to stay where we were. I had 2 ciders, black cherry to start then the pear. Both were yummy. Bf had 3 different beers and loved them all. We knew we wanted an appetizer and the wings were a no brainer. We had them mix the honey and buffalo sauce for us and they were just as great if not better than we remembered. 6 full sized wings for $9 that comes with a nice side salad of cucumber, celery and greens in a light ranch-like dressing. The side salad is doused in dressing however it's very light tasting. It's a fun alternative to celery sticks. I think we actually received 7 wings. Anyways a great value and done well. Service wise it was slow for someone to get to us initially however once we had a server he was excellent. Stopped by at all the right times to check on us for another drink and for a food order and for our check. The food came out within 10-15 mins of ordering. Given the consistency of service, no issues with beers being out, having enjoyable meals each time all at fair prices, pint room deserves a star bump to 5. We look forward to bringing one of my bf's friends here when he visits Columbus.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/14/2014,94,224,2,7,5>Oh how happy, excited, giddy, overjoyed, etc, I was when I saw the barricade indicating that a See's was coming to this location!!!!  Having grown up in California, the land of See's, it became one of my favorite food groups!!!!  Yes, chocolate can be a food group if I want it to be...Anywho, for those not in the know... See's is a MUST add to your chocolate diet. Personally, I prefer dark chocolate.  You can get boxes of milk or dark, or a mix of both for those who cannot make up their mind...And if you have your personal favorites, they have a coveted glass display case that you can build your own box from!!  This truly is my version of peace on earth!!The ONLY hint of a negative thing I could say about this location... It is the smallest See's I have ever been in... Yes, size does matter.Need I say more??...
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,4/13/2014,49,218,,6,5>I now live less than a mile from Acropolis Gyro Palace and this is going to be a problem because #1 I love gyros and #2 these gyros are really good. We stopped here for lunch and my boyfriend and I both got the regular sized gyro with feta cheese added($0.50 well spent to add the feta) and we split and order of fries. I think the whole thing came to less than $10 and the food was great for the price. The gyros were really big(we actually both said we should have just got the mini gyros and fries), but can't complain about too big of a sandwich. The meat was very flavorful and the toppings were fresh and good quality. The sauce was really, really good. The fries were pretty awesome as well(there is something about french fries from gyro spots...they are just better). I will be coming here more often and I can't wait for the weather to get better so we can just walk.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,4/12/2014,77,271,,9,4>I've driven past their retail store many times, live very close, but have never stopped in.  I read about their restaurant being open, so my husband and I went to check it out and pick up carryout Friday night.  They have an extensive menu, but we made our choices, ordered, and while we waited, walked around the connecting retail store.  We definitely want to go back for some fresh fish as they have a nice selection.  As for the carryout cooked dishes...yum.  We loved our food.  We had calamari as an appetizer, and my entree was 2 shrimp tacos (large) with a side (I chose potato salad) and a hush puppy.  My  husband had Hoisin Grilled Yellow Fin Tuna served with Dirty Rice & Jicama Slaw.  They have 4 selections on the kid's menu.  We got our granddaughter Fish Nuggets & fries.  Everything was wonderful and we are excited to go back again.  The owners were super nice as was the chef taking orders.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,4/11/2014,82,84,,6,4>This is definitely a place to go for comfort food or to simply satisfy the munchies. Went here on a late Thursday night, so the infamous long wait didn't exist. When I looked at the menu, everything sounded really delicious. Unfortunately, I recently started watching what I ate so I didn't get any of the specialty melt sandwiches. My friends got the following: chorizo & potato melt with an added fried egg, shrimp po boy melt, and the monte cristo melt. They all said it was delicious and would order again. The monte cristo was gigantic and they deep fried the whole thing, which I think is a bit much. But it went well with the cranberry sauce to dip on the side. The fries were very ordinary. I had the 1/2 combo: half kindergarten (grilled cheese sandwich where u pick the cheese), cup of soup of choice (i picked the garlic tomato soup), and 1/2 house melt salad. This ended up being the perfect combo for me. Some of my friends said they wished they ordered it as well. The tomato soup was really good. I always feel the need to have it when i eat a grilled cheese sandwich. The salad balanced with all the grease and heaviness.  And it wasn't a super generic salad; there were sun dried tomatoes, hardboiled eggs, croutons and your choice of cheese. I finished everything and felt satisfied rather than the 'omg i hate myself for eating all of this greasy food' i would have felt if I had ordered a full melt sandwich. One tip with the half combo is that you can add anything extra to the 1/2 sandwich you want, so you don't have to compromise the Melt experience. I think this will be my go to item to order when I return.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/10/2014,181,124,7,8,6>In the spirit of Helen Madden, Licensed Joyologist... "I love it, I love it, I love it!"So pissed at myself for having waited to experience Mission Coffee. Especially since I'm such a java slut.Staff = approachable, friendly, experts.Coffee = simply amazeballs. Nice variety. (Bought a sack to take home I lurved it so hard)Atmosphere = so hipster chic. Modern rustic, yet inviting at the same time. I love all of the vintage touches throughout (e.g., old cameras/suitcases).I am definitely going to have to come back when I can park it for a few hours and get hipster nerdy with my blogging.See ya soon, Mission!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,4/9/2014,33,109,1,10,5>The original Thurman's is divey and tiny and makes one hell of a burger. Part of its appeal is the long wait. Now to sonofa (as I call it) bigger, large bar, same awesome food. If you've ever looked up in Thurman's and noticed all the caked on grease, dust and cigarette residue you will be grateful for a location that feels pristine. At least my inner-clean freak is.We arrived on a chilly sun 15 min before open. We were the 5th party in line and they opened the doors we skipped ahead to bar seating. They were holding seating a little to not slam the kitchen. We placed a carry out order (they are taking these on a limited basis) so we ordered a couple beers for our short wait. I may been freezing outside but was happy to have my first summer shandy of the season. Ordered the:Bleu burger with added mushroomsThe garden burger (this isn't vegetarian)The Thurman burgerOnion strawsAll were happy and 2 split the Bleu burger and were more than full. Even the kiddie burger is 5oz. This a great addition for Delaware and what has been for many years a declining downtown. Hamburger Inn even had a facelift and is getting overflow. If you aren't up for the wait, don't do it. But I believe it is worth it.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/8/2014,169,192,4,10,8>Cap City Fine Diner eases all my troubles. Here's why I love it:- Comfort food- A 2-page gluten free menu- Their wait staff is extremely friendly- Gluten-free bear- Gluten-free bread- They accommodate for weird food allergies like corn (canola oil), black pepper, etc.- Not too expensivePS: order the gluten-free chip appetizer. alfredo sauce + cheese. win.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,4/7/2014,85,100,,6,4>This place is as good as it gets!! Not only do they have HUNDREDS of single beers that you can create your own six pack with, the employees are awesome! They were both so kind and accommodating, helping and advising where needed. Right now, they have many of the Christmas Ales and Brews out- they even opened a Sam Adams Holiday Sampler to get the Fuzziwig Ales (the best Sam Adams beer- that unfortunately they only sell in the sampler 12 pack) out so you can buy them individually! (THAT IS AWESOME!) We will definitely be back- probably this weekend :)
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,4/6/2014,29,258,2,8,3>One of the best pies I've had since I've been back home. This place is more then worthy of calling themselves NY pizza! Big pizza's with boxes so heavy you need two hands and a whole car seat to get it home. That smokey scent that when you first walk in it's like you hit a brick wall of pizza glory! So often you find people from Columbus calling any ol' round pizza "NY" pizza and it's so far from the truth. I digress. It's been getting cliched to have NY vs Columbus pizza arguments on Yelp and to be fair and non bias I just to throw it out there that I love Villa-Nova's columbus pie in Worthington almost as much as my go to places here for NY pizza. There's a lot of us NY pizza-holics here and we're die hards when it comes to our pizza. I'm a jersey girl so my love of bagles gets me in trouble too haha. To compare this place with others in the area I'd say it's up there with Flying pizza & Mikey's Late Night Slice. Also to be fair I would rank this one in my 3rd spot with Mikey's at #1. Taste wise this place is spot on. Not too greasy but not dry. The sauce is good, not too sweet or loaded with too many herbs. It's fresh and that's really important. The cheese was a tad off, didn't taste fresh but I didn't notice until after my 2nd slice. A tip when ordering...when they say XL pie they mean it! We had 4 big eaters and ordered an XL and non of us could do more then 2 slices. Think arm sized... small baby sized... hell I'd even go so far as to say one slice may be too much for some people to handle. Dam good pizza! Oh I'll be back!! Probably tonight... *drool*And in case you noticed the lack of 5 stars here's why. I love left overs but even more then my love for left overs is my problem for ordering too much food so that we have left overs. I don't like my guests to be hungry... or my husband for that matter. With that said this pizza is large enough that there's going to be a left over slice or two. This pizza didnt do too well being re cooked. My method: 400* until it's crispy. This pizza ended up having burnt crust and everything else was still mushy. To be far they do over load their pizza with toppings so who cares right?? Next time we'll just eat more of it so left overs wont happen. =)
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,4/5/2014,124,232,2,6,4>I don't often give five stars, but this place was well deserving of five!  I went here with some people from work on our lunch break one day. It was easy in, easy out! It's decorated very nice inside, modern and trendy, yet the prices are insanely cheap! The staff is fast and very polite and the food is really really good!!   I had the General Tso's chicken and it was amazing! I had a cup of hot and sour soup to start with. I had to get a box to take the rest home in as I was so full. Can't wait to go back and try out some of their other dishes too!Great job, Asian Kitchen!!!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,4/4/2014,79,39,4,8,6>I'm a big believer in the 3 T's: tacos, tequila and thrifting. But have you ever been to a taco stand inside a thrift store? Yeah, me neither - until now. The concept alone is clearly 5 star worthy.Great prices, great quality, and service with a smile as you watch them make the food right in front of you - which helps throw any initial health code concerns out the window, considering the small seating area is surrounded by fur coats and used novels. Regardless, their home made nachos are perfectly seasoned and every dipping option is DELISH. You must experience this for yourself.Dan, I dig it.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/3/2014,84,263,4,10,5>Loved the atmosphere here! I took Bryant M.'s advice and called ahead about 45 minutes before my group wanted to dine. We still had to wait about 20-30 minutes once we arrived, but we got a drink from the bar and just chatted. Our server was apologetic about the wait. The only negative with waiting around is that there really isn't space to. So for awhile I was awkwardly perched in the doorway.We eventually got a booth in the front part of the restaurant, which was great for people watching while feeling cozy at the same time. We all had wine and despite the fact I took forever to make up my mind on what to order, our server was very patient. Seriously, everything on the menu sounds good. It's not super extensive and has maybe half a dozen or fewer options per category. Being indecisive I went with the Bibb Wedge Salad ($8) and the Ahi Tuna sandwich with fries ($15). The salad had good flavor but was a little underwhelming, especially for the price. Maybe needed a few more lettuce leaves, a bit crisper, I don't know... The tuna, served rare on a sweet(ish) bun, was very tasty and came with a delicious corn relish & spicy pickle chunk on the side. Could have eaten like 10 of those pickles. So good. The fries were out of this world -- perfectly crisp and served with an amazing, tangy aioli. We all loved our meals and finished it off by splitting the banana dessert. Get this! The gingersnap crust was so good and had just enough salt to really bring it to life. The whipped cream on top was so rich and whippy, I could have eaten a bowl of that stuff. I ended up spending about $40 pre-tip, which I didn't find outrageous for 2 glasses of wine, a salad, sandwich/side and one-fourth of a tasty dessert. We kept our booth for a good 2 1/2 hours and had nothing but pleasant, helpful service. I  hope to visit this place again soon and make my way around the menu!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/2/2014,247,207,1,9,4>First of all, the tacos here were delicious!! I like that for some of them, the tortilla is pan fried/grilled a little bit to give it a nice, crisp texture.I tried each of the tacos: carne asada (beef), al pastor (marinated pork with bits of pineapple), carnitas (pulled pork), pollo (chicken), fish, and shrimp. There is also a taco verde option which I assume is vegetarian, but we didn't get that.My favorites in order:  al pastor, carne asada, pollo, shrimp, fish, and carnitas. I probably wouldn't order the carnitas again because everything else was much more marinated and flavorful than the carnitas one, which I unfortunately ate last so it was a bit anti climatic. Everything else was so good though. The meats are tender and juicy. I didn't try anything else, but the horchata was awesome! It's a nice little family owned place, and the owner was so friendly when we walked in. They've been open for about a month now, and he didn't recognize us so he knew we were first timers. He chatted with us about the menu and recommended that we try the tacos first. Guys, it's service like that, that will keep your customers and patrons. I bet that everything else on the menu is great as well. I saw that they serve alcohol too, for those that want to enjoy a drink or two with dinner.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,4/1/2014,34,74,3,10,5>One of my favorite places in the entire Cbus, and hands down my favorite bookstore.It is really just a lot of fun to explore. They really do have 32 rooms of books. Granted, some of the "rooms" are like 2 by 2 feet, but still.Warning: If you are claustrophobic, you may want to reconsider going. The walkways are very tight, and you will no doubt be saying "excuse me" 80 times, and probably still rubbing up against strangers. But the workers are nice, the books are 5% off cover price, they always have great sales, and there is of course a HUGE selection, of every type of book you can think of. The Ohio/Columbus themed book section is especially impressive. AND it's open until 11pm. Cool.You can also buy a t shirt for [I think] $15 and get a discount anytime you visit wearing it. I keep thinking how I should do that but have not yet..... Don't wait, just do it, it will be worth it. Because you'll certainly want to come back- you'll discover something new each time.Overall, it's a fabulous place, and I will always go there for any new books I want, avoiding the soul sucking Barnes and Noble as much as possible.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,3/31/2014,185,387,3,6,5>Come for the beer, stay for the food.Micro-brews are exploding all over Columbus, which is awesome -- but overwhelming. How does one choose? Right now, Wolf's Ridge is only available by ordering a pint at this location (tap room coming soon). But seriously, if you're going to try any of these new local-brew places -- choose Wolf's Ridge if you're looking for an amazing meal.The beer? It's purdy good. Honestly local beer has gotten so good in Columbus that we take it for granted. You don't need to drive across town for Wolf's Ridge brews. I like them, but you can get good beer wherever. They may need to continue making some adjustments to their recipes (I hear they have a Belgian series coming soon, which would be pretty exciting though). BUT OMIGOD THE FOOD. You DO need to drive across town for Wolf's Ridge food.  No other brewery/restaurant combo has ANYTHING on Wolf's Ridge. I've been for lunch a few times and brunch once. BRUNCH. Best brunch I've had in Columbus in awhile. Creative dishes, if a bit on the rich & meaty side (think duck confit, porter-hollandaise). A little more refined than the rustic spendor of Skillet, but (almost) in the same vein. Beermosa = perfection. We also had a quick brewery tour when we came for a friend's birthday. I've been on about a billion brewery tours, so I wasn't expecting much new info. The owner focused on the history of the area, the building, the business (and how he came to it), and the future. All things I'm definitely interested in hearing that are unique to THIS brewery and not just "brewing" generally.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/30/2014,61,84,3,5,6>CHOCOLATE BOMB!It's the number 1 reason I stop there. Chocolate bomb is this really interesting half sphere of fluffy chocolate covered in a hard chocolate shell. its fantastic!Such a weird little shop that resembles that of a coffee house, but sells all these amazing looking sweets. I really need to broaden my horizon here at this shop, I've always been interested in the Macarons, with all there different flavors and colors, they have always been appealing to me. Parking can be tricky in that part of town but that doesnt mean its impossible. Its good stuff, and the first stop I make when ever there is a birthday or a celebration of any kind.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,3/29/2014,53,580,,4,4>This place checks off most of must haves for restaurants.  They now have brunch!  We stopped in around 11:30 on a Saturday and were pleased with our experience.  I went brunch while my wifer went soup and starter, and my daughter did the kid's menu for lunch.  One of the best sit down restaurants that I have been too for my daughter.  I love the tray of food for kids with the healthy and yet tasty options for $4.99.  We ordered the chicken fingers, fries, grapes, and donut.  The Chicken fingers are 2 nice sized grilled pieces of chicken with a light crusting.  I like them because they are not like chicken nuggets or heavily breaded.  The donut comes with a chocolate sauce, my only disappointment was that it wasn't warm and fresh.  My daughter didnt seem to care as she enjoyed it.  She was very pleased with this meal.Our food was scrumptious.  I ordered the Southwest Cornbread with chorizo gravy for $9.95.  It comes with eggs sunny side up and black bean salsa.  I loved this meal as the cornbread was moist and light.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the flavors blended perfectly together.  The portion size was perfect and for $10 about the right value.  My wife ordered the ale and cheese soup which was great.  They have little pork croutons that go perfectly with the thick texture of the soup.  The bowl size is pretty good for $5.95.  She ordered the pigs in a blanket as well which were pretty good.  They use the Kolbasa style hotdogs with a tasty honey mustard.  I wouldn't go out of my way for the pigs in a blanket but I  don't think I would do that for any hot dogs inspired dish.Our server was spot on.  He knew the menu and could describe anything we asked about.  He was honest about what he liked and didn't just choose the more expensive dish.  This was my wife's 2nd trip here and she commented how both ties the wait staff was good.  She might be biased a little because she used to waitress with one of the workers here.  She was impressed with the service as well so I know it was good.  Our food was out in no time and he even engaged our daughter  about her food.  We also had the  manager stop by and actually seem to what to ask how we liked the food.  All in all I was very impressed with this place.  I need to come back for a date night and really enjoy the beer and atmosphere here.  This is one of new faves (I know it has been open for awhile already, but I have a toddler).
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,3/28/2014,189,111,1,6,7>One of the best meals of my life. Cocktails and appetizers were fantastic, but really was impressed by the wings. I grew up working in my aunt and uncle's restaurant and to this day, the wings at The Pearl are the only close to as good as the friend chicken we made there. Whatever process they go through is magical. For my entrée, I chose the short rib. Please, for the love of your taste buds, do this. They gave me a knife, but it was pointless as the short rib was so tender and moist (who doesn't love "moist" things?) that it nearly fell apart as my fork touched the meat. Our server was unreal good and - as my wife and I were on a date - gave us a wonderful evening with the appropriate chattiness and also allowing us to spend time alone enjoying each other's company. It was a treat that I'll be remembering for some time.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,3/27/2014,56,250,1,7,4>Saw this place on Yelp was highly reviewed and the missus wanted some Greek food, our go to place is Yanni's but this place was right by her work so we decided to come here and give it a try.  Yanni's sets a very high bar for Greek food but we came in with an open mind.  Upon arriving we were warmly greeted by the owner that so many folks here speak of.  He was very friendly and you could, as everyone says, tell he really loves his restaurant and loves his food and isn't afraid to show some good ol' fashioned customer service.  This alone is a rarity in the restaurant business and something I wish I could see more of.We started off with the hummus appetizer.  The hummus was quite good but not quite as good as Yanni's.  This is subjective of course.  Yanni's loads his hummus with a ton of garlic, which Stefanie and I both love and others may not so much.  Lashish the Greek's hummus isn't as garlicky, which may actually be more appealing for some folks.  Next up for me was the Chicken Lemon soup.  This was very, very good and on par with Yanni's.  It had more meat in it that Yanni's did but that positive was offset by the fact that Yanni's is a bit more sour tasting (again something some folks may be put off by).  Thumbs up big time on the soup from me!For our main entree we got the Gyro that comes with fries.  I had chosen to get soup with mine instead of fries though but I did manage to sample some of Stefanies and they were quite good.  The gyro was fantastic, filled with meat.  It also had banana peppers which I think made it superior to Yanni's, although Stef disagreed as she doesn't like banana peppers.  I told Mo the owner that it was a brilliant idea to add them to spice it up a little and he said that was the intent.  The only issue I have with the gyro here versus Yanni's is that it only comes in one size whereas Yanni gives you small, medium and large.  The gyro I got for dinner was plenty filling, it was quite big in fact, so that's not the issue, it's just nice to have choices in size.   So in summary it seems as if we prefer Yanni's hummus but I prefer Lashish's gyro and the soup and fries are pretty much a tie.  This place is a bit more expensive than Yanni's but to offset that it's got a nicer dinning experience inside, much better looking dining room and the seating is more spaced out so I think price wise that it's a wash for what you get.  Also, speaking of price, Mo did bring us out some samples and some tea, of which were delicious and I thought it was a nice touch.Mo himself seems like a very nice man and I did bring up Yanni's and as it turns out he had worked with Yanni's father!  So no wonder these are the two best places to find Greek food in Columbus.  There's a connection there.  Whatever he's doing I told him to keep up the great work as this place is a gem and a real winner.  If you're looking for some great Greek food you can't go wrong with either place!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,3/26/2014,19,222,3,8,7>What a refreshing delight!   A delight? Yep.  Seriously? Yep. Five stars? Yep.  Why?It's that time of year where I needed to renew my license plate tags.   I had eyed this place on the way home and knew I needed to get this task done before the end of the month.  It is also that time where I need to renew my driver's license.   There location is very convenient for me.  It's a small office located along Powell road in a small strip mall.  There is plenty of parking available.   I dropped by to view their hours and saw that they are open one evening during the week until 6:30 and they have Saturday hours.   So, I stopped in today to take care of these tasks.Although they do have one of those "take a number" spots, I didn't need it.  Walked right in and they were able to help me immediately.   The staff here gave me quite a jolt (better than my caffeine drink in hand) .... they were genuinely warm, personable and quite friendly.   I've been to my share of BMV's in my day where you have he "Next" and cold personalities that are authoritarian in nature.   These ladies worked as a team, interacted positively with customers and quite frankly made my day.The process was quite painless and smooth.  They do only accept cash or checks.And get this .... my driver license photo ... she showed my photo and gave me the option to have it retaken if I wanted it.   I've never had a BMV willingly show and offer to retake my photo, if I wanted.   This is one of those annual tasks you just have to do and these ladies made it a delight.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/25/2014,55,62,,10,4>The food at Cork Wine and Dine is fantastic!!  Go for a glass of wine; stay for the food!  I've been to Cork three times; once for dinner and twice for lunch. I've had the Cheddar and Port Fondue, Mediterranean Olives, Cork Salad, Tuscan Chicken Soup, Cheese and Bacon Sandwich, and Mimosa Cupcake. I also snagged a bite of my co-diners' Chocolate Lava and Grilled Lemon Pound Cake. I will repeat that everything was fantastic!!!!Their wine by the glass selection is limited, but they are one of the few places in Columbus that carry my new favorite, Sexual Chocolate, by the bottle. Every time that I've gone the staff has been friendly, and the service has been fast. The location is convenient (especially for me since I live in New Albany) and parking is plentiful. As mentioned in other reviews the space is small. I don't believe it can seat more than 30 at once. Lucky for me, each time I've gone there has been available seating. A line did form while we were there for dinner. Unfortunately, due to the small space there is no convenient place to stand while waiting. In the eight years that I've lived in Columbus' this space has been at least a half dozen restaurants. Cork Wine and Dine is by far the BEST!  I hope they are successful and remain in this location for years to come. Did I remember to mention that the food is fantastic?!?!?!?!?!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,3/24/2014,62,163,4,7,5>Take Harvest Pizzeria/Curio, add better parking, more food options, a bigger restaurant space and make it closer to my house... Boom!  Harvest Clintonville.  The restaurant is bigger and more airy (airy? airy.) than the original.    The big windows help with this, but the seating space is larger, too.  The decor is stylish.  Cool dark grey and white are the main colors with patterned wall paper and subway tile also adding interest.  There's a  bar in the front corner with great cocktails and an expansive wine and beer list. The menu contains several items from Harvest Pizzeria and it is easy to get distracted by the pizza.  You won't go wrong with the pizza, but you really should try some of the new options which include burgers, salads and sandwiches.  There are options for beef, turkey, veggie and duckmeat burgers.  I was really intrigued by duck but we elected to play it safe and went with a Harvest Burger with fingerling potatoes and split a chopped salad.  To paraphrase my first review of Harvest Pizzeria... Damn, these hipsters know how to cook.  The burger was perfectly done and the potatoes are a cool twist on the standard french fries you might get at a normal place.  My wife called out the salad dressing as a feature of the chopped salad and, though I didn't notice it at first, she's right.  Slightly tangy, slightly sweet and perfectly accompanies the veggies--isn't that what a dressing is supposed to do?We also got a pizza to go for dinner tonight which I'm sure is going to be awesome as usual.  I'm not going out on much on a limb by predicting this branch of Harvest is going to do well and the owners will hopefully be able to continue expanding the brand.  Perhaps we'll see a Harvest Upper Arlington one day?
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/23/2014,67,179,,8,4>Finally! A new neighborhood bar in my neck of the woods. And, it has incredible food to boot!We stopped in after having dinner just to check the place out and have a beer. Their draft list is impressive, not a ton of local stuff, but many delicious craft beers. They also have a pretty extensive bottle list (65 or so I think), so you're sure to find one you like. Average beer prices ($5-6 drafts, $4 or so bottles) for good microbrews. So we also asked to check out a food menu, just to get an idea. Whoa! A pretty big menu, and everything looked delicious. Apps, burgers, soups, salads, sandwiches, gods, and pizza- whole or by the slice! I decided we needed to come back the next day for dinner. And we did-Met another couple on a Friday night- it's new, so it wasn't too packed, we had our choice of tables. What we ordered, between all of us:-Frankenstein- bacon wrapped bratwurst loaded with all kinds of goodness- it was fantastic.-Pork belly quesadilla- meat was crispy, quesadilla was perfectly stuffed (kind of small), and served with a side of the most amazing chili verde to top it with. We also got a bowl of the chili verde soup- OMG. One of the best soups I've ever ever eaten. This is a must order!-Escobar (chorizo sausage on a bun topped with pork and friend jalapenos)- so flavorful, and you know, I love chorizo, so you can't go wrong. -Spartan Salad- typical yummy greek salad.-Blackened burger (called the buckeye something or other)- Great burger for a very reasonable price.-Mad Hatter pizza- yum!!!!! That's all. And guess what? We went back the next day for lunch!This time I tried the chicken tortilla soup. It's amazing too! I raved about it to the server, and she got more info from the chef (he's previously from Mellow Mushroom). The only thing we had that was not amazing, was the calamari- a bit underdone, and the breading is pretty bland. But the sauce it's served with is great!Our server was wonderful (same girl both times), and when I got the wrong salad, she brought out the right one and let us keep the other as well (both were good!) Same happened when she brought my friend the wrong beer. This will for sure become a regular spot for me, and I can't wait until the warmer months are here so the patio can be utilized!!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/22/2014,93,276,3,5,4>Long have my friends and I desired such a place. A place we could got try one of a myriad of games to see if we might like to play them again or even buy them. A place we could have game nights without having to worry over whose house we'd be dirtying and who would need to clean and buy snacks. A place where someone always knows the rules to the games we haven't tried yet. Kingmakers is that place and it is glorious!For $5 you get into this cool game parlour. You are assigned a table big enough for your group and your drink and Brezel order is taken. From there you begin to scan the (literal) wall o' games. With as many choices as they offer, it would take you weeks of stopping by every night they are open to play them all at least once. These aren't cheapy games either. We're talking $25+ per game. This, my friends, is one of the many reasons your $5 is well spent.Another? The staff at Kingmakers are so friendly and helpful. Want to try a new game but feel intimidated about the rules? They'll come help you learn the rules and get those first few rounds going. Want to try something new but have no idea where to start? They'll help you figure out a good game based the size of your group, how long you'd like to play, and some of your favorite games. Want a boozey beverage and a snack? They've got beer and wine on tap, Brezels in stock, and a variety craft sodas that are as unique as they are delicious.If you are a fan of board games or just want to try a different way to spend your evening, check out Kingmakers. I don't think you'll regret it.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,3/21/2014,193,583,2,7,6>I can't think of anything that I dislike about this place. I love the vibe, the mead, the Japanese food truck outside (you can bring the food in to eat and it's delicious! yelp.com/biz/tokyo-gogo-), just...everything. The cocktail menu looks amazing and the live music is fantastic, and I like how it's artsy and offbeat without being overwhelmingly hipster. It's one of those places I'd bring friends who visit me so that I can show them that Columbus can be pretty darn cool.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,3/20/2014,67,792,2,6,5>Finally made it over here, after suggestions from Yelpers and scheming to alter my itinerary several times.  It is hard to find; even knowing, as others said, that it was hidden.  I drove right past it, and when I pulled up the Yelp app to check the location, it was incorrect (the map shows it out on the service road, and it is in the mall, as I suspected.)  It is between Sushi Ting and Big Lots.Anyway... having found it, I walked into a little lobby with the wonders of an old-school Chinese restaurant visible just beyond.  And the experience was incredible.  Excellent service, nice atmosphere, great food.I had the spicy wontons, which were very good.  Perfectly made wontons, not themselves spicy but swimming in a somewhat hot oily sauce.  The heat built after eating several, but they weren't scorching, so I probably should have asked for the real heat.  Next I had a lunch special, twice-cooked pork.  First came one of the best egg rolls I've had in awhile- plump, good fillings, made me want another.  Then egg drop soup- nothing unusual.  The twice-cooked pork was more like what I have had before than a recent experience with the same dish at Little Dragons (both are good, they're just different.)  Pork in a sweet-hot sauce (again, not super hot,) plenty of veggies, everything tasty.  The lunch combos are great deals; I had plenty to eat just with that, but I really wanted to try the spicy wontons too.  I'll figure out a way to get here again.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/19/2014,39,170,,9,4>I have been a fan of Cap City for several years... but this visit really took the cake.Less than 30 minutes prior to our arrival, we got up and left from another restaurant down the street...We walked in and were immediately seated, and within 5 minutes, we had our drinks and had placed an appetizer order... and less than 30 minutes after being seated, we had our entrees.We started with the Old Bay Peel and Eat Shrimp - these are enough to bring you back!  The crab louie sauce just adds that extra something... they're also served with the typical cocktail sauce.My husband ordered the meatloaf - he loved it!  The presentation was spectacular.I had the triple decker grilled cheese... it was awesome, but next time I will order it with mayo instread of mustard.The food and our sever, Byrnaise, really saved our evening!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,3/18/2014,31,164,,7,4>I swung by the first time for takeout a couple of weeks ago and enjoyed the food just fine. Enough, in fact, that it made me want to get a bit more variety. What better way to do that than at this buffet that everyone seems to gush over?They apparently raised the price at some point. Many people in the older reviews say it was $6.99, but these days it's $7.99. Not a big deal at all--I just thought that info needed an update. ;)I accidentally overfilled my plate with the appetizer-type stuff. Not that these were bad things, but it's a typical buffet hazard: you reach for the first stuff you see, and before you know it your dish--and your belly--are too full to really enjoy the main courses down the line. There's plenty of all of it to choose from, though, and the staff are able to identify what has dairy and what does not, if you need them to.While I probably would have given my single-dish takeout four stars, the buffet gets five from me because not only is it tasty, but it's an excellent value as well. It was the only meal I had all day, and I still went to bed not having regained my hunger yet.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,3/17/2014,140,27,,20,8>I was thrilled to hear a new Peruvian place finally opened in Cbus :)It is one of my favorite cuisines!This place serves up VERY authentic Peruvian dishes.My favorites were a must to try!-Ceviche (so fresh, served with sweet potato & corn)-Lomo Salatado (one of my favorite dishes, is a traditional Peruvian dish made with sliced beef, hot chiles, and French fries. They serve it with an amazing hot sauce, I could eat by the gallon :) ...and I had to wash it all down with an Inca Cola!This place will be a weekly visit I'm sure!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,3/16/2014,92,223,,6,2>I was in definite need of a color change because I felt like I was so unhappy with the color my hair was. My stylist here understood what I meant and showed me many different Pinterest hairstyles and colors. Stephanie their owner, is trying to set her Aveda concept salon apart from all the other Aveda salons in Columbus by making her shop more free to the stylists.This means stylists can focus more on their clients hair and not rush people out of the shop.  I really appreciated this because I have been to other high end hair salons and it just seems they try to "fit you in" to their schedules. This means your time means nothing and that's not the case here. The stylists prime focus is you and that at the end your happy with the finished product.I was super happy my hair actually came out good with the highlights my stylist helped me pick. Now I don't have to worry about my hair looking too dark or red, my finished style brings out my inner me. I feel like I can now flaunt a gorgeous new do.I also appreciated my facial I got in between my wash. It was super relaxing after a hard day of working out for 2 hours straight! I highly recommend  taking advantage of these complimentary services because they will make you feel more relaxed and energized once you leave the salon. I will definitely have to stop in here again!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,3/15/2014,6,29,10,10,8>"Don't cry, there are women around" - thought to myself as I ascended into the trees. Zip lines in Columbus?! Yes! How it is possible this is going on virtually unnoticed on Yelp is beyond me. (Edit: just realized there are 23 filtered reviews for this biz, weird?)"If I fall off this platform I will try to descend inverted so I knock myself out and have a pleasant trip to the hospital" - random thoughts waiting on the first platform.People are soaring through the air in Columbus. There are scared people up in the trees! Some of them desperately need to use the restroom."How fast will these pants dry should I lose continence" - more thoughtsMy wife has wanted to go "zip-lining" for years. Luckily enough we have a small child at home I could use as an excuse that we did not have time to venture out to do such a silly thing as it would be too far to get away to such an activity. Have I mentioned I have a tremendous fear of heights? imagine my surprise at seeing a ZipZone tours sign while headed down Route 23, a mere 15 minute drive from our safe suburban home, on the ground. In a fit of bravery (stupidity?) I suggested we go dangle from small cables in the woods. Things would never be the same again."I want to hug this tree for the rest of my life" - frequent thoughtsZipZone is located at Camp Mary Orton, a half mile north of 270 on 23. After suiting up and a very brief trek through the woods your feet leave the ground ascending stairs leading to a bridge to the first platform. You will not touch the ground again until the end of the fifth run, two hours later. Our tour day was quite chilly but at the height of fall colors. The beauty of the landscape continually pulled my eyes from my feet out toward the colorful tree canopy and inevitably down to the ground so far, far below. "Should have peed BEFORE I climbed 50 feet into this tree with nowhere to go for 120 minutes" - thoughtsThe tour consisted of 5 zip line runs and crossing 4 wooden, read swaying, suspension bridges. Each run differs greatly in terrain, length, speed. I found one common denominator, terror. To be honest the zip runs were an absolute blast, it was only standing on the smallish platforms with a dozen other people high in the trees that bothered me. Despite the fact we were never in any real danger and tied up in trees using equipment that could suspend several large automobiles, I could not escape the feeling that my potential energy wanted so bad to become kinetic in a damaging way."I'm way too tall for this, I hope I don't clip any trees" - thoughtsMy wife had a blast, as did all the people in our tour group. Our guides, Zak and Neil, were excellent and entertaining. If you go, get Zak and Neil, they are the best, there are none better. I have no way knowing this, but I'm sure it must be true. The facilities and equipment are all clean and look new. Even the souvenirs were not overpriced. Apparently they have a night time tour held on nights with a full moon. We're probably going to go back and do that, did I mention I have a tremendous fear of heights?Tip: Use the restroom before you suit up, seriously. I know you don't have to go, try anyway. I'm not even joking, just go.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,3/14/2014,65,187,2,3,4>I stopped in for a shave before a photo session and really enjoyed my relaxing noon retreat.  The shave is expensive, but it takes about 40 minutes.  Multiple hot towel treatments, tonics, etc., are applied, and I left feel refreshed and relaxed.  And clean shaven.  Love the bulldog that wanders around the middle of the shop and the generally dude-centric feel.  The only con is that it's hard to get an appointment.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,3/13/2014,253,17,5,10,11>*Warning - Sappy Story + Review*Although my experience at the Refectory was a couple of years ago, it was extremely memorable and one that I'll take with me forever. My date at the time had told me that he had a surprise for me and told me to meet him at the Refectory. As I walked in, I was greeted by the most friendly staff. Everyone was all smiles and super adorable! The manager ushered me around a few corners and then downstairs to the wine cellar...in which I fell down the stairs when I saw my date standing there in a tuxedo holding a single pink rose. My date had rented out the entire wine cellar for our date! (Yes, super darling!)I cannot remember our waiter's name, but he was a true gem. He took his time explaining the menu to us and what the restaurant's favorites were, allowed us to enjoy our time alone, and was always very polite. We started with the caesar salads...you can never go wrong with a caesar salad...nom nom nom. For my meal, I had the roasted spiced duck magret and it was absolutely delicious! The duck just melted in my mouth. My date had ordered the lamb chops which I believe is no longer a menu item, but they were just as tasty. For dessert, we enjoyed the vanilla creme brûlée which was also another excellent choice! It has become one of my favorite desserts. I would normally say save room for dessert, but you don't have to worry about saving any room when you are dining at a fancy french restaurant. So make sure you order the vanilla creme brûlée! I have to give huge props to the amazing staff for organizing such a wonderful date night for the two of us! Everything was exceptional - the food, the decor, the staff...everything and everyone was top notch and five star worthy!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,3/12/2014,44,158,2,9,5>This is a cozy, eclectic cafe in the 'old' south of Lane Ave. section of Upper Arlington (thus the name). Its a small space, and during winter months, space can be a premium. During the summer, they have outdoor seating. Their menu is straightforward, and the emphasis is on high quality as opposed to exotic fare. I regularly get their greek omelette, and it is delicious. My daughter gets their waffles, and while I generally do not go for sweet breakfast dishes, these are to die for. (Please don't die. Its just a waffle.) Good, hot, strong coffee. And their hash browns are great. Ah....who cares, they're just hash browns, right? No my friend, I am a hash brown stickler. I hate greasy blobs of potatoes that have been browned hours before. None of that here. Excellent, crispy hash browns. Local crafts for sale on the walls, a friendly owner who is typically there and checking on customers, and helpful staff. Call me a fan!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,3/11/2014,81,69,4,5,4>Not necessarily in the mood for Mexian? Chinese? Not sure what "American Traditional" food really is? That's fine! Go to Press Grill.Press is one of the most versatile places in Short North and from a resident who is spoiled for choice by the vast amount of awesome food choices in the area, this is a good thing. Many a time I've found myself wondering what should be for dinner and doing the same exercise of throwing names out there and having them turned down or explained away by another person. Press is one of those places that's always i the top of the consideration set just by virtue of having pretty much anything a person could want.Consider this, if I said I'm not sure if I want chicken wings, tacos, steak, or a salad, you'd probably have to go through 3-4 restaurants and weight the options appropriately. Or you could just say, let's go to Press Grill and now the hard part of the operation is done.Press consistently is an excellent meal. The service is usually attentive, and unless you have a large group, seating is almost never an issue. I do warn though, don't bring a group larger than 4 to Press. Just don't do it, it's not set up for groups at all. The place is very narrow, diner-style and they simply don't have the space unless you some awkward bar arrangement.Back on-topic, Press Grill has daily soup and entree specials that are absolutely kick ass. My personal favorite is the Thursday Prime Rib sandwich... for $9, such a good deal. I've heard nothing but good things about their wings, and they have various options to satisfy even picky eaters (or veggie lovers).Next time you're walking along in Short North and cannot make up your mind, choose a place where you know everything will be amazing.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,3/10/2014,42,96,2,10,7>It was Joshua H.'s report of HAND MADE dumplings (that's Joshua's emphasis, not mine) that piqued our curiosity about Jie's Good Tasting.We stopped by late on a Friday night, as they were winding down for the day.  They were pretty low on food, but the proprietor graciously agreed to make us two orders of dumplings - one order of pork, one order of vegetarian.  From our seat in the dining room, we could see her making them as we waited - kneading the flour into dumpling skins, and stuffing them.The dumplings were worth the wait.  Honestly, there's a surfeit of good Chinese dumplings in Columbus at the moment - Jiu Thai, Helen's Asian Kitchen, and Ying's Teahouse all deserve shout outs - but the ones we had Friday night might quite possibly be the best in town at the moment.  They were plump, tender, and flavorful; the vegetarian dumplings particularly stood out, with delicate flavors of cilantro mixed in with the smoked tofu and wood ear mushroom.We also ordered a bowl of Tomato Egg Homemade Noodle Soup (located on the big signboard menu), which they also prepared on the spot - we watched the chef knead, pull, and knife cut the noodles.  This is an exceedingly modest dish, the kind of thing that poor farmers in central China eat, and it was a bit amazing to find it in a strip mall in Grandview.  It was simple, honest, and profoundly comforting on a 17 F winter night.The one thing Jie's wasn't able to serve us were their homemade buns (Tianjin-style, according to the proprietor); a homesick Chinese OSU student had come in earlier in that day and eaten her entire week's supply (14 total, according to her).  If that's not an endorsement for the quality of the food at Jie's, I don't know what is.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,3/9/2014,88,65,1,6,5>Just ate a very generously endowed Club sandwich, and it was fabulous!  I was pleasantly surprised at the atmosphere differences on a weekday vs. weekend. Weekends tend to make the place seem tiny and stuffy from so many people, but on a night like Tuesday it's a chill, laid back place to chat with friends and have some drinks and noms. Service was friendly and prompt
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,3/8/2014,138,202,1,6,3>While the squares vs. slices debate continues, I got to thinking about places to get a good square and remembered Cowtown. They offer an extensive selection of high quality toppings. Thin, chewy crust. Roasty tomato sauce. The specialty pizzas are recommended, barbecue chicken and Hawaiian are especially good if you like that sort of thing. The Butcher Block pizza is out of control with gigantic meatballs. Wings are hit or miss, I like the Asian spice flavor. The salads are fresh and large, lots of good choices. Great place for a local pie.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,3/7/2014,115,228,3,7,5>We hit the OSU planetarium in early December. The tickets are free, you just have to reserve them, which is a big plus; the space is cozy and comfortable.The program we watched was pretty good, but very basic--meant for all ages and all levels of space education. If you don't know much about space, or want to take your kids to a cool space event, go to the planetarium for sure! The show we saw detailed what you could see in the night sky in Autumn from Ohio, and what people could see on the other side of the world. There was good general information.If you're more experienced, you might want to go to go to see the night sky in a way you can't really see in Columbus (cos light pollution, yo), but you probably won't learn a whole lot of new stuff. I'm hoping to see a few advanced programs pop up now and then!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,3/6/2014,106,319,2,7,5>Very nice. Has "car-port" parking for bikes, and benches and lockers to change/store your gear. The grounds are great...lots of outdoor meet/chat/eating areas, and landscaping is nice. Admission is $10, $5 if your an AMA member. The collection is rather small, but put together well. It is very clean, but the lighting sucks. If your taking pictures, have a good flash ready.Seems to have an emphasis on Harley-Davidson, but I suppose that should be expected. Im told it changes out exhibits from time to time, so you could visit them again down the road and see some different things Me like.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,3/5/2014,60,266,3,7,7>Another taqueria on the North end? I'm down for it. After seeing the reviews I had to give Charrito's some business on a Saturday. Stepping through the doors and seeing a couple of Mexican families as well as a specials menu in Spanish put our worries to rest. This place must have something going for it. Ok, so you walk in the door and you can just grab a seat... They have a counter, but what's different about this taqueria is that they have a wait staff, which I'll admit is pretty nice for a change. First off, I would definitely recommend any of their specials if they're running them. You probably won't be disappointed. Two... Lengua (Beef Tongue) Taco was different and yet strangely tasty. Three.. Horchata... that nice, sugary... cinnamon drink cooling your throat that may... or may not be on fire. It's delicious and doesn't taste like the store bought stuff.. I think Charrito's must do something slightly different.  Charitto's offers Al Pastor on a vertical burner, but I was missing the bits of pineapple that probably would have made my quesadilla an A++ instead of an A. The main thing Charritos has going for it is the seating. There' plenty of places and it's not crowding unlike other Taquerias where people are almost fist fighting for a table during busy rush. Overall the place is not terrible. The staff is friendly and the food is on par for a taqueria. I would gladly stop by again if I were near the area. So.. 3.5 stars leaning towards 4 for the friendly staff, clean environment and decent lunch.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/4/2014,160,933,3,8,4>I was apprehensive to go in, but I love my wife, and two of the three rings I've ever bought for her needed delicate repair work.I can't say enough how amazing the experience was. Instead of what I thought was going to be a hundred(s) of dollars repair, it was much less than my expectation, and they went above and beyond giving me a better offer than the yelp deal (which was only on purchase jewelry). They cleaned my watch band as well as I waited, and it looks great.Will definitely be returning here for future jewelry needs.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/3/2014,110,267,1,6,4>Great local hidden gem!! This brewery is literally inside the owners' barn/cabin home. The bar is at one end, the rest of the area is open seating: couches a few large tables open fire place - the perfect cozy niche :)A friend and I shared a flight of the local liquid. I tried the Witbier first. Spices and orange peel (I love hints of fruit). I could taste the citrus. It was good. I'm not a beer taster, but I give the owners props for a great business they have going!!The best thing about our visit to this locale? Our party of nine were never rushed. The ambience is perfect to talk the evening away. We were never hindered to keep buying; always given an explanation for every beer inquire. I most assuredly will be back here!!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,3/2/2014,67,461,1,5,6>My favorite time to visit is just after the lunch time peak. No waiting for a table, great customer service, servers talkative and informative coming off the energy high of lunch time peak. I'll admit - I've never had a drink here, just the lunch menu.Definitely good variety of food to choose from - whether it to be a good sized lunch salad, sandwich, or some other items.Enchilada Stack - it's not Tex-Mex but instead unique. Not traditionally wrapped enchiladas. This is a stack almost like a flying saucer with the tortilla skins and layers of the insides as if lasagna layers. Creative presentation, spices add tremendous flavor to this and definitely not a traditional dish.Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad - Our server mentioned that this salad is so popular that it wouldn't make it through lunch when it use to be on the specials menu. Pecan Crusted Chicken would be great over a variety of items and complementing the salad is good. Tender chicken, pecan crust is like a light breading but nothing overwhelming. The 1 thing to be cautious - the cheese can be too much on this salad and take away from this great dish.Shaved Prime Rib Sandwich - though this sandwich is not unique to CBC, it is good here. Good size portion - almost too big for the bread it's served on.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/1/2014,105,485,1,9,6>Love love love love. I can't begin to tell you how much I love this place. I personally go for the budha bowl with tofu or the square meal bowl. These are both great for their own reasons. I especially love the fact that you can ask them to split these into 2 separate bowls! The portions are big enough that I can make either last for 2 meals and that just makes it totally reasonable for lunch. The square meal is a litte spicy and packed with all kinds of great flavor! The budha bowl comes with perfectly steamed veggies (still crisp) on top of brown rice. I can seriously eat this every day. EVERY DAY!!!! Also be sure to try the sodas, cookies, chips, breakfast... humm ... ok everything.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/28/2014,363,423,18,15,11>I've said it before and I'll say it again.  I hate Bryant "Bmac" M.  Yeah, the Columbus Community Manager.  Yesterday's lunch with him just gave me one more reason to hate on him.We had lunch together here, yesterday, at his recommendation.  It's a "new to me" restaurant, so I was up for it.  Long story short,  I got some of the best Shrimp Phad Thai I've ever had.  The portions were generous and the flavors were spot on.  I wanted to go back again today.  I'm craving their Phad Thai right now and in my book, that's Bryant's fault.Being Northern Chinese these folks specialize in dumplings / buns.  He got the Chinese steamed buns and really enjoyed them.  I can't remember the filling and I didn't partake, but Bryant's buns did look very interesting.As others have noted, the location used to be a strip club so there are more mirrors here than an amusement park fun house.  Thankfully they took out the poles.  There's a baby grand piano which looks totally out of place, that is until the owners husband starts playing.  He's really good folks.  I was told he also sings opera.So take strip club mirrors, a baby grand piano, an opera singing older Chinese guy playing piano, some really good flavorful food in a place right next to the freeway and you get a oddly cool restaurant that I just have to go back to way too soon.So Bryant's just given me another place to spend my hard earned money and I'm feeling a weight gain coming on.God I hate him.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,2/26/2014,51,317,3,6,5>Tasty!  I did a quick drop by earlier this week while running some errands.  Unfortunately, they had run out of most of their juices, but I was able to taste some, and they were quite good!  The owner was super friendly and willing to talk.  I was in a little bit of a hurry so I couldn't stay long.  Try the Belo and the Amazonic.  I'm not the type of person to shy away from the idea of vegetables or spirulina in my drinks, but even if I were, I think I'd down these pretty quick.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/25/2014,13,94,,7,6>I cannot go to the North Market and not stop here.  I was raised in Pittsburgh with a very heavy Polish influence and this place is like going home for me.  I wish I could order one of everything on the menu!  If I didn't know better I would say they have someone's Polish grandmother chained to the stove in the back making these amazing dishes. Today I had pierogi with mashed potatoes and beet salad.  I thought I had died and gone to heaven!  The pierogi are flavorful and stout just as you would expect them to be.  The mashed potatoes were delish and I'm certain they are even better than mine are. I have not had traditional beet salad in years and this brought back memories of younger easier times.  Isn't that what comfort food is supposed to do?  I try to have something different every time I go and have never been disappointed!  I also adore their cucumber salad as well.  Give them a try you won't be disappointed if you love traditional Polish food.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,2/24/2014,63,56,,7,3>I REFUSE to get my hair cut anywhere else in Columbus. Great Service. (Generally) short waits. Locally owned, complete with local personality. As you can tell, I'm a fan! This is your classic old fashioned barber shop. Simple hair cut is just $13, but I would pay double to continue going here. One of my favorite features is still being able to get a straight razor shave. One of the barbers trims the back of my neck with hot lather and straight razor - it's pretty much the best feeling in the world. All of the barber's have just the right amount of dry, sarcastic humor. At 10 a.m. on Saturday you'll hear Howard proclaim, "I better be getting over to the stadium for Urban". Love it. Their hours are old school and not the most convenient. Only time I can go is Saturday hours (8-2:30). But to me, that is a small price to pay for the friendliness you'll get at Howards. I'm not going anywhere else, anytime soon.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,2/23/2014,64,114,1,8,8>Am I really writing a review about a library, yes.  I moonlight as a Spanish tutor to earn extra coinz, I call it saving for my next adventure fund.   True confession I have not been to a library in over 7 years, the last time college.  In that little time the library has truly made some dynamic changes.  My favorite change is the availability of streaming movies on the library website by Freegal.  Oh and they renewed my library card that I opened in 1990 at the MLK branch on the East side and waived my uh not so minor fines.  I love the overall feel of this library, great Foreign language section, and loads of space to study or meet :-)  Can't wait to continue my tutoring sessions at this branch!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/22/2014,56,151,3,10,6>Oh Lucky's...why can't you have more stores around the country? Don't get me wrong, I feel spoiled enough having you in Columbus, but if I were to move somewhere else I will be extremely deprived. I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty obsessed with Lucky's...I don't know how they are able to sell such high quality produce as such affordable prices, but whatever and however they are doing business, it works. My refrigerator has been fully stocked with fresh (and often organic) fruits and vegetables, along with grass fed meats, wild seafood, etc. And I'm still somehow saving money!!I tell everybody about this store all the time, and have converted so many friends to shopping here! If you haven't yet shopped at Lucky's you are missing out and need to get here ASAP. And they take manufacturers' coupons, which I just found out. Talk about good deals!!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,2/21/2014,33,128,,5,6>I love this quant, little place!  They serve breakfast and lunch and are opened until 3:00 weekdays.  They now offer free delivery downtown before 11AM and after 1PM.  I am so bummed because I would seriously make a special trip to eat here on the weekends.  It's super close to my job, but for years I didn't try them.  My lunch is usually after they close.  I was definitely missing out big time!  All the dishes I've got from them were excellent.  One of my co-workers got the Philly sandwich, I got the chicken salad sandwich, and another got chicken bacon ranch.  All dishes where amazing--it comes with chips.  I upgraded to fries ($1.50 extra) and bought a soft drink.  Their food is something I would be proud to eat and go with someone to lunch or breakfast.  I have tried their ranch bacon wrap, too.  It is so succulent with ranch-y, bacon-y deliciousness. The only thing is I would prefer more bacon, which I believe they do for a nominal fee.  It makes my mouth water just thinking about their food. To sum it up, this will be my go to place for lunch from now!  I haven't had or seen something I don't like here.NB: 1) they do allow you to order ahead which it can be very busy during rushes.  You can call ahead your order which I recommend if you're in a rush for a lunch break.   2) You must go down stairs which could be a problem for people with disabilities.3) They close at 3PM now (they used to be open until 3:30PM).  Thanks for the "Review of the day" (ROTD), Yelp! Edited: 4/25/2014-changed time, and added note about ROTD.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,2/20/2014,53,76,1,16,8>I've gotta give this place 5 stars based solely on the AMAZING food. Ah-maze-zing. To be honest, I thought this place was a new nightclub or rave based on the sign that's been on 5th for the past few months before they opened. But then I saw the Columbus Underground article and realized that was pretty far from the truth. I was pumped to know a great new place was opening up right around the corner from me - Grandview is always up to something new and exciting and this time around, it's Bar 145.Get there early on the weekends! I went with 5 friends (6 of us total) on a Friday and got there around 6pm to get a table. I'd say there was no wait until around 7pm and then you were in for some loitering at the bar waiting for a table to open up. But that's ok, the bar is a huge wrap-around with plenty of room to not only drink but eat.The hostess was welcoming and the waitress was helpful and attentive all night and pointed out the delicious Happy Hour special of a $4 Angry Bird. Dear lord. Angry Orchard, a shot of Absolut, mint, cinnamon - it was the most delicious drink I've ever had or close to it. If you're curious,, they also offer $2.50 well drinks, $2 bottles, and 1/2 off Gastro Snacks for Happy Hour until 7pm. I'd be happy to take advantage of those deals any night of the week and I probably will!Despite being a vegetarian, I urged my friend to try the bone marrow and she loved it. Cherries came on the side and she wasn't sure what to do with them besides eat them on the side. Do you mix them in your mouth with marrow and blue cheese? She didn't find out, but she certainly enjoyed it, and for $9 you can't beat that.I can easily say I had the BEST black bean burger I've ever had ($11). It's a struggle to find a non-spicy or non-Southwestern black bean burger in the veggie world but this was the perfect substitute for a juicy burger and combined with red pepper sauce, fresh tomato, and spinach on soft-yet-crispy foccacia - I died. I'm afraid of how close I live - I'm going to be ordering carry-out every day. On the side were perfectly cooked truffle fries with the king of dipping sauces - aioli. yumyumyum.Another friend ordered the green beans and is this ever going to end? This never-ending barrage of deliciously-new-and-improved takes on classic-but-uninspired bar food? NO. No, it's not. They were tempura green beans, nice and light flaky breading around tender bean and amazing sweet sauce. And here comes the melt-in-your-mouth buttery pretzels with chive dipping sauce. Oh and on your left you will see the Apple Pie burger and your friends practically inhaling it's goodness.You can build your own burger but I would leave that up to the professionals and try every single innovative, taste-bud-exploding, burger on the menu first. Only when you've tried every single one of them would I build my own, which was tempting with such a great list of toppings, breads, and sauces.Atmosphere: sports bar but WAY better. I'm typically not a huge sports bar fan, but this didn't feel like one at all, at least not in the traditional sense. There were screens, but they were limited to over the bar instead of plastered on every wall. The ceilings were more than "vaulted" - they were sky high so there was an amazing open-feel to the whole place. In general, it was huge, not only compared to typical places in Grandview but Columbus in general. The lights were low and the place had a comfortable, warm feel. The stage area looked great and I know it would be really fun to see music there. I really can't wait to visit the patio in nicer weather.Overall: I'm coming back AND SOON. I could not believe how affordable this place was and for the food you get, they could charge a lot more (but please don't)!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,2/19/2014,30,245,2,4,4>I have always loved Shadowbox, for the 10+ years I have been going, and have never written a review in fear of not being able to do it justice.To put it simply: If you are a fan of good food, drinks, music and semi-corny comedy, this is the place for you.When you show up in the main bar area, give them your name, and wait to be called to be seated. You will be seated at tables with other guests, or if you have a bigger party - you'll probably get a table to yourselves. The actors/musicians are your servers. So load up on any food/drinks before the show starts because you'll be out of luck until intermission.The Brewery District location is absolutely gorgeous. It feels like they belong here. And it's a welcomed addition to the area which has been trying to make a come-back for a few years now. It is such a better location than the Easton location!Their food and drinks are very tasty, although a little pricier than an average bar. But it's not going to break the bank! They also host lunch shows and also can host events like birthday bachelor/bachelorette parties. I believe you can have the option to do a pizza buffet.These folks were gracious enough to host The Other Paper's Farewell Party in Feb 2013 after our last publication hit the streets. It was a very bitter-sweet experience and we never felt so incredibly loved. It was also hugely appreciated opportunity for all our staff to get together and say our good-byes one last time before most of us split to different jobs, towns and states. I cried the whole way through the "grand finale" of "Love the One You're With!"... I will always love the people at Shadowbox for that!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,2/18/2014,82,90,2,6,4>Go here!  Okay...twentyish Ohio beers on tap...what more could you ask for?  You can get your growler or howler filled (or buy one) with yummy draft beer.  They switch up the taps regularly and have excellent choices.  The service is fantastic and so helpful with the decisions and the descriptions.  Did I mention .25 tastes...love it...and if you don't...so what...it's a quarter!Where is my hammock so I can sleep in the backroom? Love this place!!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,2/17/2014,142,94,4,6,4>I ran downtown on a weekday from Easton for some errands - and needed to grab some lunch. My friend, Sarah Z, and I needed a bite to eat and had trouble getting into other places in the Short North. We struck out at another place that told us it would be a two-hour wait... and another place I've been wanting to try isn't open for lunch - then it hit me - Philco! I've been dying to try it, so we headed over.Upon entering the first thing I notice was how cute it was inside. Okay, what I really noticed was all of the wine on the wall - then the decor! They've created a wonderful atmosphere that feels warm and inviting. I wasn't sure what to do next, there wasn't a sign that said "seat yourself" or "wait to be seated" - so we just stood there for a moment, then I ventured a guess that the "diner" thing was literal and we picked our own seats along the window. Turns out, I am a genius and guessed correctly.There were a number of tasty things on the menu, but I quickly settled on a coney dog with Ohio cheese and a bowl of Chicken Chorizo and White Bean Chili. I must say the size of the coney dog surprised me but it was only $2.5 - so NBD. It was delicious and next time, I'll order two! I wasn't a fan of the mustard on the dog with the chili (which I knew would be there from the menu but was willing to try) and next time, I would ask them to hold the mustard.The chili was wonderful. It had a hint of spiciness from the chorizo, the chicken was tender, and the beans had a good firmness that I really like. I would really recommend it to anyone - so yum!My friend chose the breakfast platter and was super happy with her selection - but this isn't her review, so I am not saying anymore about it!I am curious to try Phico again and at different times of the day than lunch... or a non-work day when I can have some wine!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,2/16/2014,68,149,2,7,6>Awesome! Great! Excellent! Rad! Sweet! and all those other words that mean FANTASTICAL!I can already see I will be spending too much time and money here!OVERVIEW: 16-Bit Barcade is a great place for both the old school gamer and the newbie novice. A combination of vintage games and alcohol for 21+ crowd brings a great new personality to the bar world.THE GAMES: Firstly, the place is packed with all sorts of nostalgic video games (obviously) and they are mostly all FREE. Games include:Galaga/Ms Pac-ManMario BrosDefender2 Street Fighter gamesTime Crisis (guns and all)Outrun (with steering wheel)BurgertimeTMNT3 pinball games including Twilight Zone*- These are the only games that cost money -- $.50/eaRampage2 Double Dragon gamesMortal KombatNFL BlitzNBA JamThe Simpsons Arcade gameand many more!!THE PEOPLE & STAFF: There are all sorts of people you will see here. So, don't be surprised with the variety of people you might strike a conversation with. The staff is brilliant and super nice! Jeni was a sweetheart and was always quick to sling a drink for me.DRINKS: Prices are relatively cheap, especially considering the variety and the free games. Your regular beers (Bud, Miller, etc...) are $3/bottle, more fanciful beers are $5 (typically), and the cleverly named mixed drinks/cocktails are $8. Those drinks come in a Long Island Iced Tea sort of glass and rage from a myriad of celebrity personalities (ex: Tom Selleck, Brooke Shields, etc...). Happy hour runs until 8 and I think it applies to most everything, even draughts.LOCATION & PARKING:  The location is perfect in my opinion. No, it's not close for bar hopping to other bars, but that's a bonus to me! You have a nice array things down the strip (including Dirty Franks next door), and you don't necessarily feel like your caught in the bar scene. Parking is not bad. There is street parking all down 4th and Rich, and I do believe, at certain times, the parking lot across the way is free too! (meters typically are only enforced until 6pm M-Sat)MUSIC & SEATING: Seating is definitely limited, but that just means they packed as many games in as possible. There are a few tables and a decently sized bar. Music is pretty classic as well. You'll hear Michael Jackson, Queen, MC Hammer, and many more of that genre.CONCLUSION: Definitely visit this bar! Play a few games, drink a cool cocktail, and chat up with gamers & newbs alike. I can imagine parking, seating, and wait times for games can be stressful during the weekends, but I still think it's worth it!GO GET YOUR GAME ON! ...and if you're good enough, set a high score!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,2/15/2014,114,521,1,5,4>When you come into a place and the owner and her daughters greet you with enthusiastic smiles and waves, you can't help but like it.Indochine serves mostly Vietnamese dishes, though they do offer some other variations, but this little family shop makes you feel more like you're in their living room than a restaurant. The owners are always willing to give advice or offer suggestions, and I've noticed that if you've been in more than once, they tend to remember what you like to drink or what you may tend to order. The pho is pretty solid, but I actually really enjoy some of the broken rice (Com Tam) or rice noodle (Com Thit) dishes. I'm also a big fan of the spicy beef salad appetizer - it can easily be a very filling lunch with plenty left to take home.I have noticed that they can get overwhelmed if there's a big rush of dine in or take out orders, and I've seen at least twice where they had to close early because they've run out of several items. If you're looking for a late lunch, I'd suggest calling ahead to make sure they're open before making the trip.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,2/12/2014,26,378,,6,4>This place is awesome. I was waiting to do a review until they opened the kitchen, and I'm glad I did even though it was a great place to grab a drink before they served food. A lot of former businesses are being repurposed, but few of them capture the feel of their predecessor as well as Strongwater does. You walk in to a lobby area where there is all this authentic art deco furniture. From the red pleather couch, to the real wood paneling, to the old type writer at the secretary's desk, they nailed it.You can sit at any one of the many bar seats, or a table. They also have the old offices as seating areas. So cool.The draft selection is great, and they have a nice menu of signature coctails. The food menu includes 2 of the best sandwiches I've had: the chorizo and pear, and the Cuban. I can't wait to try more.The service is friendly and attentive. They split tips, so the entire staff seems concerned about your well-being (without being annoying and hovering over you).They had a really interesting array of tunes being played before the bartender turned on the record player: everything from Sinatra to James Brown to CCR. Good drinking music for sure.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,2/11/2014,86,139,7,8,6>The best pizza I've had in Columbus. So, Yelpers, a little inside info. You can feed two people with one pizza, but then there won't be any left over. Why would you do that to Future You? He/she is going to be very upset with you and you don't want Future You mad. I mean, you know how You can be.As far as what we got: for appetizers, we went with the olives and Galician sardines. My friend swears by the olives and then the sardines were just something for novelty. Both were fine, but I don't think I'd go for them again when I come back. For the pizza, we got the Spicy Yuma. REALLY amazing. You can't go wrong with it. I'm going to be back soon, Harvest.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,2/9/2014,370,523,3,8,5>Arrow Roofing made things really easy when I had storm damage to my roof this summer. Angela Z. referred me to them, as she'd used their services twice before.  They were able to come out quickly to estimate the damage an help me decide if I even needed to file a claim. Then, they worked with my insurance adjuster to make sure I got what was best for my home vs. their wallets. They even waived my deductible for placing a sign in my yard for the weeks leading up to my repair, which I so needed as I did not have $500 laying around to just hand over! It took about 8 or 9 weeks to get the repair done as rain was making their work difficult and pushed their schedule back. I ended up getting a whole new roof, some fascia, and some gutters. They sent over a crew of 7 and they tackled the whole roof in half a day. Amazing. They did a good job cleaning up as well. They place tarps over the grass around the house as a preventative measure to make things easy. I only found one rogue nail. Brian, my contact, followed up to make sure everything went well and their office manager kept me in the loop to make sure I was able to receive and forward the final payment. All in all it was painless and I felt confident they had my best interests in mind.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,2/8/2014,89,91,,5,7>I'm almost positive I'm one of the last people in Columbus to try this place. Of course I've heard of Schmidt's and even seen it on the food-network. I've had, and absolutely loved the cream puffs at different outdoor events, but for some reason I never had the desire to eat here. After finally trying it out, I'm full of so much regret. I could have been enjoying this long ago! I've enjoyed the $9.99 Friday buffet at least three times in the last month - delicious! Everything is hot and fresh. The best brats, German potato salad, corned beef and cabbage - okay, pretty much all the items are very good. Service is good, atmosphere is cool - authentic German pub style with wait staff dressed in German attire. Every time I'm there I catch myself staring and wondering if the employees like their uniforms, I don't think I would. IJS. Although I've only had the buffet, I think it's by far the best deal. The menu prices are definitely reasonable but you get such a variety on the buffet. Oh, of course you can't forget the cream puff either, pure deliciousness! Apparently they have seasonal flavors, they had peppermint over the holidays. So, it's a good chance on any given Friday at lunch time I'll be here!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,2/7/2014,49,386,,5,3>The hubby and I had dinner here this past week and it was phenomenal!!  We made reservations at this location for our wedding anniversary. When we arrived, the ladies at the hostess stand greeted us with a smile and showed us to our table. Our waitress was over to our table in a matter of seconds to take our drink orders. She made a few suggestions (that day's specials) and gave us time to look over the menu. I ordered the Sesame Chicken where the hubby ordered the Chicken Milanese. Both plates were very good. We decided to have the cheesecake for dessert. It was very good as well. When the waitress brought our bill, the manager (I believe that is who she was) came over with another bill to tell us that they took the dessert off of our bill given it was our anniversary. What a nice surprise!!  We will definitely be back to this location as the food, atmosphere and everyone was phenomenal!!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,2/6/2014,146,161,1,8,2>So far everything has been excellent. In the last week, we've hit this place 3 times. Maybe overkill, but we really like their noodle dishes. Ok here's a run down of what we've had (they're all still fresh in my mind).1. Pork cake - I've had about 4 of these. Simply but oh so tasty. Could be an Asian version of the sloppy joe, but less sloppy (with some shredded lettuce).2. Lamb dumplings - This is great appetizer. You can definitely taste the lamb and it's easy to share with friends. I can't think of another restaurant in Columbus that serves lamb dumplings3. Xi'an steamed cold noodles - loved this dish. I highly recommend this dish if you enjoy a little spice, cucumbers, vinegar and a real light noodle.4. Cucumber salad - really simple salad of cilantro, vinegar, cucumber and probably some other components. My fiance devours this dish.5. Beijing zha jiang noodles - now this is different from the Korean style I'm used to. The sauce is not as thick and seems to have a more vinegar taste to it. I enjoyed it, but it wasn't my favorite noodle dish.6. Lamb noodle soup with red oil - hand pulled noodles, with lamb and red oil. The red oil gives a little kick to the dish of lamb meat and broth.7. Diving fish - filets of fish, bean sprouts, bok choy in a spicy chili fish broth. On a sidenote, I'm not a fan of cilantro, but they are very accommodating in putting the cilantro on the side or taking it out entirely. They get very busy on Friday and Saturdays, so be ready for not so great service as the 3 servers were running around in a frenzy when we were there this past Friday. They're all very nice, but there were multiple times we were just worried they had forgotten our order, or we had to ask what the status of our dish was.Lastly, when you see a restaurant filled with Chinese people, you definitely feel better about the Chinese food being served there.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,2/5/2014,884,714,6,9,12>A few Tuesdays ago, I was walking south on High Street through the Short North, heading home after taking a visitor on a mini brewery tour. As we walked, I looked up and saw a small sign that said Bakersfield. "Holy shit!", I exclaimed. "Bakersfield!!! We have to stop in." I'd been to the Cincinnati location several times, and loooove it. Visited the Indianapolis location briefly back in September, and cannot overstate how awesome it is to have one a mile away now. We saddled up to the bar, and I pretty much immediately started throwing a barrage of questions at the bartender. Fortunately, he was happy to answer them. He had moved to Columbus from Indianapolis just to open this location. Turns out this particular Tuesday was actually just their second night open. I asked how it was possible I was just hearing about this and he explained that they had done no advertising or big announcements of any kind, relying solely on word of mouth. So zealous was I about their presence that the friendly barkeep gave my friend and I a shot of tequila on the house. This was late and the kitchen was closed, but I assured him I would be back for food soon. Turns out soon was the next day. This time the same friend and a few fellow travelers of hers joined us. The place was PACKED. We waited for about a half hour out on the patio, where cocktail waitresses still served us, prior to being seated. When we finally were seated, the food was, as expected, increible. That's Spanish, not a misspelling. The pitchers of margarita are pricey at, I think, $24, but you get a fair amount out of them. We could nearly get two apiece. Those tacos, so darn good. And so cheap. You guys, we are really fortunate to have gotten a Bakersfield. I love this place.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,2/4/2014,33,299,,6,3>CAM's new location (still within the same shopping center) is really nice!  It's a good-sized space, and the move was clearly used as an opportunity to set up nicely organized aisles and sections.  Despite it's name including the phrase "international market," as others have mentioned, the focus is definitely on Asian related goods.  They have a nice produce section, meat counter, and plenty of packaged ingredients, spices, and more!  There is also an aisle of cookingware, so if you need chopsticks or tea sets, you can also find them here.Don't be limited by the "ethnic" aisles at the standard grocery stores... if you are really in the mood for making an Asian-style dish, take advantage of CAM to get access to more ingredients!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,2/3/2014,86,267,3,4,2>Sunday... where haven't I had scrambled eggs and a good old fashioned flapjack?  Ahh Haaah!  DK Diner.  My friend always said go early and you'll go often.DK Diner at 7:30A on a Sunday when the doors first open to customers.... and I'm not the first one there.  Wow!  First indicator that this place must rock the griddle.  DK is smallish as you would think a diner would be.  It has maybe 6 - 7 booths and some tables.  Perhaps 7 stools at its almost hidden-in-the-back bar service area.  Very cool.  I sat here (bar) where I could see all the fixin's being thrown around.Order?  3 eggs scrambled with toast and one blueberry pancake.  Quick, easy and my personal favorite.  I got..... large pile of scrambled eggs steaming hot, toast and a whopper of a pancake (multi-grain I think) with some really, really tasty blueberries folded inside.  Salt, pepper, hot sauce, ketchup on the counter (but no napkin dispenser) and I was set up nicely.I was paying my bill at 7:50A and there were already folks spilling in; the place easily was going to be full by 8:15A and that's the mark of a good food/good service place, I think.  My meal was $8.03 ($1 per egg, $4 per cake, $1 toast).  Hmmmmm ..... expensive toast.There were an abundance of delicious looking donuts and pastries being shelved as I was leaving.  HUGE really.... some looked like they'd serve an army or drive 2 children into the sea like lemmings (sugar buzz).  I was salivating.DK Diner is a winner. And my friend was correct.... early early or you'll be surley (waiting for a seat).  Yummm love breakfast.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,2/2/2014,30,144,,7,1>I stopped into Lomonico's after seeing some good ink in the Dispatch about this new restaurant.The interior of the place if fairly strip-mallish, industrial and very open (no behind-the-scenes kitchen here).  There's a nice bar in front of the open kitchen with a few TVs dangling from the ceiling. The "store" side seemed fairly bare (I'm not sure I would head here for a shopping experience).  But, hey, I was here for the food.We started with the meatball and rice ball (deep fried risotto/sausage combo) apps.  The meatballs came on top of a polenta base and were very tasty.  The rice balls were fantastic!Of course I had to try a pizza out of the wood burning oven sitting in the corner.  The crust was quite thin, but had some great char spots for flavor.  The toppings were all quality and the pizza was very good.In short, the food was what you would expect from the high-caliber chefs who own/operate this place.  I would certainly return if it wasn't such a hike from my neck of the woods.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,2/1/2014,25,282,2,5,4>Sat at the bar Friday night w/my sweetheart. Lobster diablo and scallop entree starting with bruschetta. Tack on glass of pino noir and a few light beers it was a yummy meal.  The diablo comes in swimming in sauce so be prepared to seek and find your ravioli.  The scallops were the best ever eaten. No kidding.  The bruschetta rocked with four slices and I could have gone for more. Service was decent.  Decor was a much needed upgrade from Mia Cucina. Bathroom was immaculate and this was at ten pm on a Friday.  Well done. Good experience. Will be back!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,1/31/2014,45,155,1,8,6>Happy to be the first to review! This beer shop is great and much appreciated on the Gahanna/New Albany side of town.The shop is arranged so that you can easily find what you're looking for, or just browse the plethora of beers. Packs and cases along the left wall, seasonal displays through the middle, a cooler on the right in the back, and a huge selection of single bottles to build your own 4-or-6 pack from. The single bottle racks are color coded by beer type, too.The owners are friendly and ready to offer suggestions or help. It's strictly a bottle shop for now but I hear they are looking into doing tastings and maybe getting taps at some point.There's also a quick cool tank if you're in a hurry to consume the deliciousness.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,1/30/2014,45,93,5,8,8>The BEST Pizza Place in Columbus, Ohio. We used to live about 5 miles away from here and this was our go to Pizza Spot! Now we unfortunately do not get to go here nearly as much as we used to.Every time we have gotten pizza here (over 10 times), we have had great experiences; Everyone is always nice and friendly, never had anything wrong with our order. It's a relaxed environment. Ravari Room is attached and is nice to hang out, play pool and have some drinks. We have hung out here with friends a few times.This is the one place at the top of my I miss list when living in Clintonville. We are plotting to make it from German Village to visit soon and can't wait!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,1/29/2014,129,540,5,10,6>The Short North Bink Davies is one of those shops where I've picked up a bunch of Christmas presents this year, and I was a little surprised to hear that they had opened a second shop in  Easton, which is fantastic!  I stopped by the new location earlier this week and it is a much larger shop than the Short North one.  Among the expanded offerings were a giant Hello Kitty display, things for babies, lots of cards for every occasion, and all sorts of quirky housewares.  There are a good number of things that are made locally or which have a local theme.  Prices are very reasonable, and you could get a fun assortment for under twenty dollars.  My current favourite go-to gifts are the Charles Viancin silicon lids and kitchen tools.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,1/28/2014,15,79,1,9,5>This place has some pretty outstanding Mexican and Tex Mex food, here is what sets them above the rest -Homemade flour and corn tortillas, they are light and perfectly soft. -Refried beans and slaw with your chips. Such a refreshing addition to the plain old salsa and chips. The salsa is not bad either -Huge portions, though I normally finish my meal because the food is that good. -Extensive drink and food menu. This place has so many food and drink options, everyone is bound to find something they want. Decisions, decisions, decisions! -Check out the tile work, great colorful atmosphere. Don't miss the tile work in the bathrooms too!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,1/27/2014,94,224,5,3,3>Sinfully delicious!!  Some of the best brownies and blondies ever!! And they are round!!One of my favorites is the Fiery Brownie. Sooo good, just a hint of chiane And the Berry Dark is awfully goodAnd the peanut butterAnd the caramel And the...  Ok you get the idea....
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,1/26/2014,92,300,4,5,9>Hold up, hold up, HOLD UP! My god, this place is a jewel. Relaxing, engaging, welcoming and exciting, Rambling House is the kind of place you just want to hang out at every night. Amazing, fresh made soda pop(made with whole, real ingredients), sold plain or mixed with OYO or Watershed spirits, a great tap and bottled selection(because of quality more than quantity) and amazingly reasonable prices make this a great place to drink. Friendly folks and comfy seats make it a great place to hang out. And great music makes it a great place to experience. Seriously, drop your plans and make this place a part of your life. You will regret it not being in your life earlier once you try it.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,1/25/2014,181,124,1,7,7>What a charming, lesser-known gem! I had NO idea this place existed. When my boyfriend suggested we dine here for lunch, I was a tad skeptical as we pulled up to the joint. However, I was pleasantly surprised!The interior has a classy-eclectic mix of unique artwork and fresh but still understated paint scheme. It's a quaint place (seats maybe 30-40) but it feels cozy without being claustrophobic. The menu changes frequently, as they source their food locally based upon what's in season. One thing that struck me was that only one or two items were served with fries/chips - everything else came with a healthier side option like three bean salad or fresh fruit. I ordered the fried green tomato sandwich (with three bean salad), and got a side of the sriracha cole slaw just because I was curious. The sandwich was delicious! Fresh and flavorful. The three bean salad was also very light, yet filling (I had never tried three bean salad before). The sriracha cole slaw was... interesting. I love me some hot sauce, but I don't know if I would order it again. It was just an odd pairing.The service was a tad slow, even though it wasn't very busy when we were there. Can't wait to go back and try more of the menu!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,1/24/2014,43,21,4,9,5>Awesome. Enough said, but I like being verbose; so, I shall continue. Atmosphere: trendy, classy but relaxing, upscale but fun, foodie but "everyday."  Hip, happening, and super fun!  My friends and I went for a "destressor" evening after work and to celebrate a fabulous promotion, and we chose the perfect location. Plentiful selection of wines. All of which were all superior. The food is out of this world happiness for your palate. I will say if you like to really eat, the portions are more in line with "foodie"' portions, but again, the flavor is well worth it. As for service, Bobby got saddled with our rowdy group, but he handled it with pure aplomb and was gracious, speedy, extremely knowledgeable, and patient. Thanks, Bobby for putting up with us!!I definitely recommend Wine Bistro if you are looking for something a little out of the ordinary with great accommodating staff, delicious food, EXCELLENT wines, and a fun laid-back feel to wind down from a long day, celebrate something special, or just "because."  My one tip: sit outside if you can.In sum, great wines, great staff, great food. You simply MUST hit this place up!!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,1/23/2014,169,192,5,8,6>I live RIGHT behind Open Sky Day Spa but have never went. It's reaaaally small and situated between an ugly office building and an ugly apartment building. I got a full body massage from Kacy and it was wonderful!Pros:- Very large, warm room where the massage takes place- Heated bed- Kacy asked how firm I like my massages + asked about my most recent- She even said I could choose my own Pandora radio station!- Was willing to focus on any trouble spots instead of full body- Asked what kind of lotion I'd like to use - they have a vegan option (not oil)I can't really think of anything else - it was a fabulous experience and I went about my day feeling very refreshed and calm.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,1/22/2014,28,247,5,6,5>Been ordering lunch here regularly for the past year. Their consistency is on point. I've tried a variety of things on their menu: veggie burger, Jonny burger, house salad, Zoe's chicken salad wrap, and of course the jerk chicken burrito. The burrito and veggie burger remain my favorite menu items. Their veggie burger is massive. Made out of black beans and a variety if grains. The spices truly set their veggie burger apart from others. Speaking of spices, they really know how to spice and season here and this is shown in their daily specials. The ones worth being on their regular menu are the chicken curry (with loads of veggies - potatoes, onions, carrots, peas; coconut rice, side of pita and herbed cucumbers!) and turkey burger with mozzarella, shrimp, guacamole. Holy crap that filled me up all day! Only could manage a grapefruit for dinner. If their crab and corn chowder is the soup of the day, you must get it. Also have tried their brownies which were better than expected and satisfied my sweet tooth. Between the flavors, rotating and creative daily specials, consistency and truly fair lunch prices (gets pricier if you do a combo but items on their own will fill up a person within normal BMI) I can't stop coming here once or twice a week. If you work in the area and would rather saw off your arm than drive down 5th ave during lunch (or really any other time of day), give passport a whirl.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,1/21/2014,49,218,1,8,5>When my boyfriend and I got out on date night, we very rarely opt for a seafood joint. Not because we don't love seafood(WE DO!), but it's just not something that comes first to our minds. Also, living in the midwest, we don't get the freshest seafood and it's usually expensive. So when Restaurant Week Columbus, my favorite foodie week in my favorite city, rolled around, we decided to give this place a shot. And we were glad we did. First of all, I love the building this restaurant is in. It's an old warehouse and the outside and inside are both gorgeous. I would love to have a fancy party there sometime. The bar area was beautiful and speaking of the bar, the cocktails are FABULOUS. My boyfriend had the Warehouse Old Fashioned, which had burnt orange peel that gave it a strong orange flavor and a fancy Luxardo maraschino cherry, which is a regular maraschino cherry kicked up a million notches. I had the special cocktail, the Ghost Cosmo made with ghost white whiskey and it had a chunk of dry ice in the bottom so the whole thing bubbled and smoked while I drank it. And it was pink, so basically, the perfect girly summer drink. Now, the food was incredible. With the Restaurant Week menu, we each got an appetizer, a soup, and an entree. For starters, I had the oysters rockefeller. They were HUGE oysters and so creamy and rich. Boyfriend had the calamari and it was not at all chewy or tough, which so often happens with squid. It came with fried banana peppers and a spicy tomato sauce. We both then had the seafood chowder. I don't even really know what was in it, but man, was it good. For the entrees, he had the grilled swordfish. I had never had swordfish, but I tried his and it was almost like a steak, really meaty. It came with a sweet and salty eggplant capanota and Tuscan white beans. I had the crab cakes, which were AMAZING. So filled with big chunks of crab, fried to perfection, and served with a mustard beurre blanc sauce, creamy garlic mashed potatoes, and fresh veggies. I ate every single bite and even if I felt gross and stuffed after dinner, it was worth it. I can't believe we haven't come here sooner and I can't wait to go back. It was a nice little romantic spot I thought too, so if you have a date to impress, try it out. Love love love.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,1/20/2014,171,384,,5,3>Hunan Lion is one of my favorite Asian places in Columbus. When I want great Chinese (sit down or takeout) I come here.I've been coming here for several years, and they've never once failed me in food, drink, or service. I haven't had everything on the menu, but they have great General Tso's (let's start arguing how it's not really "authentic") and other spicy dishes.  It's always been a good amount of heat and flavor (as well as some of their Szechuan dishes).
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,1/19/2014,61,84,,5,4>Yeah man, I can do Katzingers!Starting off with this review let me just tell you the menu is huge! But I would suggest to stick with the BLT's and Clubs. I always have a hard time choosing between "Kahrl's Killer Club" and "Marigene's Meal of Fortune" both around 12 bucks. I usually skip out on the sides, you get a free pickle with your meal so I guess I don't really see the point to getting more. However they look amazing! I can see what the hubba is about. The staff are all really friendly, and seating is kind of crowded, but I usually find a place outside. The food in general is pretty good, I don't think I'm ever left wishing I had different. It's filling and is currently making my mouth watter lol so I'm gonna end this review before I need a bucket.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/18/2014,84,263,,9,2>What a great spot. Meister's pretty much has everything I want in a bar. It's clean, the bartenders are nice, there's a dart board loft area, pool tables, awesome deep dish pizza and customers who are usually pretty chill and just there to have a good time.Meister's is off the beaten path, and I definitely like it that way! If bf & I could move into the dart loft, I'm pretty sure we would. If you are a fan of deep dish pizza, you HAVE to try theirs. $20 gets you a huge pie that will easily feed 4-6. You can get it to go, too, and it seems like a lot of people do.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,1/17/2014,33,109,2,11,10>Used to be an old office building and now an impressive gastropub. Nice to see something in this area, and parking can be easily found. They've put money into making this place look good without being pretentious. I'd feel comfortable dressed up or in jeans. While the Pearl likes to put on more of a show, this place is just a bit more understated.Joined friend and fellow Yelper Cecilia C. For dinner & drinks on a Thurs evening. Was pretty empty before 6, but full for dinner. Started w a pilsner (not a WRB). Liked it, but not the best I've had. Next time doing a sampler, the cream ale was very good considering not my typical pick.Started with mussels. Nice to see a cream and  tomato free broth. While  it can be good prepared this way, it's become the expected. Served with a piece of toasted bread. Our server offered to bring another piece which was great, bc the broth has so much flavor so not to be wasted. Mussels were good size so while not a large portion, very satisfying to start. We still even left some broth behind. I went with risotto. CC had the Pork and Polenta. Both arrived with great presentation. If you've watched Top Chef you know a risotto can be your ticket home. Not here. Lots of mushrooms, pea purée added a touch of sweetness and a little crunch with a parsnip chip, and a balsamic reduction was drizzled on the plate. Great balance.Tried 1 bite of the polenta, which became 2. They must use half & half to make it that good.Closed w Butterscotch bread pudding. More custard than bread, decadent. Sweetness cut with the flavor of the stout. Believe I missed out by not pairing with a beer. The bathrooms get a star. Large wood doors to the toilet (complete purse hook---a must. no lady wants to hold her handbag while conducting her business.) Very clean and with a local natural soap. If they keep the bathroom this clean, imagine the kitchen.Can't wait to return, esp for brunch!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,1/16/2014,77,271,,8,4>I was not familiar, but two of my co-workers lunched here yesterday so I checked it out on Yelp.  I met a friend today for lunch and am impressed.  I was excited to try the Avocado Burrito and it was very good.  The salad as a side was refreshing.  I liked the 3 salsas that come with chips (although I did not try the spicy one).  I like that they have Coke products because I like an icy Coke with Mexican food if I am not having beer.  Being a workday, no beer for me.  The atmosphere is pleasant and I look forward to lunch and happy hour on the patio in warmer times.  The service was excellent.  Our server was smiley and did a great job.  The manager came over to give us punch cards to earn a free meal.  I also look forward to trying other veggie or fish menu items.  Being pretty darn close to work, I will be back.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,1/15/2014,67,179,,7,9>I had Resch's  cakes growing up for most of my friends' birthdays, since we lived way out east. The cakes are a step up from a grocery store cake, but not anything super gourmet or anything. (We always pronounced it Risch's, now I'm hearing it more as Reesch's, what do you think?)I realized I'd never actually been to the bakery. A co-worker and I were in the area, and she wanted doughnuts, so we went. It is such a dream. Cases and cases of fresh made doughnuts just calling to you. The display floor is covered in shelves that are stacked high with cookies, individual cake slices, little loaves of yummy breads (banana walnut, fruit and nut, etc.) And then there are the cakes and cupcakes in some more bakery cases. My mouth was watering! It was a challeneg, but I limited myself to just getting one small doughnut. They only take cash or check, so be aware!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/14/2014,189,111,,6,5>If you're gluten-free or have dietary restrictions, this place gets you. My in-laws have an absurd list of food allergies and this is the only place we take them. The staff has been remarkably helpful and has had the kitchen take special precautions and even modified their prep of some foods to make sure everything was safe. Order anything, there's nothing that's not fantastic. Or ask your server - they're operating at another level here. For me, there are a few special things: 1. Appetizer Chips - it's some concoction of cheese and alfredo sauce or something that is delicious. 2. Iceberg Wedge. Their blue cheese is delicious. 3. Key Lime Pie - It's a thing of dreams. Love this place. Can't recommend it enough and you could be wearing a suit or jeans and a t-shirt and you're not going to feel out of place.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,1/13/2014,55,62,2,6,5>In order to avoid the Easton shopping crowd, my husband and I headed to Dublin last Saturday for lunch. We discovered Papaya Street Grill thanks to Yelp. It was 2:00 pm when we arrived and were one of four occupied tables. There was one server working who was fast and friendly. The real star of the show, however, was the food. We each had the create your own noodle/rice bowl entree. I added extra veggies and chicken and topped it all with House Vinaigrette. My husband added chicken with Lemongrass. Both sauces were fantastic, and the Lemongrass had a kick of heat. The food was delivered to our table in just minutes making Papaya ideal for lunch even on a work day. We drank just water keeping our bill to under $20.00. It is worth noting that this place is ideal if you are vegetarian or vegan. Papaya can be easily overlooked in a strip plaza set back from the primary shopping areas, but it is worth seeking out. This casual spot is phenomenal!!!  I only wish it was closer to home. We will be back!!!!!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/12/2014,39,170,2,5,2>My husband and I were looking for something different.... and we found it!We started off with the Sample Platter;  this was the best tabouleh salad I have ever had...  I have had it only a few other times prior, and wasn't a fan.  Their baba ghanouj was nice and smokey... the humus was nice and creamy.  Shockingly I wasn't a fan of the falafel.For our main courses, I ordered the Lamb Chops - seasoned well, very moist, and served over a really great rice with almonds for an excellent crunch.  My husband chose Keftha with cheese - he really liked it (I didn't have room to try it).We also tried the cream baklava... The perfect amount of sweet.The food was awesome... something definitely worth trying, and repeating.  The dining area is very casual, and small... but definitely not an issue.The food is served on dinnerware, but the soft drinks are served in to go cups... It doesn't make it taste any different ;-)
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/11/2014,67,792,,7,4>Happened to be nearby, and of course I used Yelp to see where I might have lunch.  Glad I picked this, and good to see this area filling in a bit.  Used to be a lunch wasteland; now there are several options.Walked in to a very nice atmosphere, service was impeccable, and the food?  Up there with the best Thai I've had, and I love Thai.  I had green curry beef- the veggies were fresh, the meat was tender, the sauce was deeply flavored (and "normal spicy" was just right for me- heat, but not overpowering.)  I also had seafood rangoon, which was excellent.  Plenty of seafood (not just crab.)Lunch prices are very reasonable for this quality.  I have to find some reason to stop by again.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,1/10/2014,193,583,3,5,6>I've been wanting to try Northstar for awhile. You know you're in for something delicious if you bike down high street at 10am Saturday morning when there's very few people on the road when suddenly you spot a packed restaurant -- that would be Northstar.My friend and I both got the sweet potato hash, although I got it with diced turkey while she had it with tofu. The dish is so simple but so delish, I couldn't get enough of it. The potatoes were a great texture, albeit a tad overly salty, and the eggs were perfectly cooked. While my food took quite a bit of time to come out, they apologized profusely for it and even gave me vouchers for free entrees for my next visit! So worth it and so considerate of them; more restaurants need to follow this model if they make customers wait an inordinate amount of time.Overall, great experience. I'm going to return to use to use my voucher in the future, but I can see myself becoming a regular here soon.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,1/9/2014,93,276,2,3,5>I'll be honest with you, I've never once been to Sunflower for any reason besides dim sum. I can't tell you a darn thing about the rest of the menu - I've never even seen it. But, you know what, I don't care. That's how good it is.Dim sum is kinda like the Chinese version of tapas. Small plates and bite-sized portions of all kinds of delicious, flavor-packed Chinese traditional foods. Want to try some spicy chicken feet? You can and you'll be surprised how tasty they actually are. Those wonderful barbecue pork buns? Oh yeah, they've got them too.The wait gets long and the restaurant packed on dim sum days, so get there early. You won't regret it. The food is always moving so the service is pretty fast. Try most everything on your first visit so you know what you do and don't like for the next time. Be prepared for the price tag to get high because you're going to want to eat until you have to be rolled out in a wheelbarrow.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,1/8/2014,38,155,,5,2>I moved to the Kenny/Henderson area several months ago, and there are tons of Chinese restaurants in strip malls on Kenny, Henderson and Bethel within a 1 or 2 mile radius. I think I've decided this one is going to be my go-to.The first time I went was eat-in with a friend. When we got inside it was a little nicer looking than I expected. It was also really empty, but it was a Thursday evening so maybe just not a busy day. Also, I'd passed this place tons of times without noticing it, maybe others had too? I got the Yu Hsing Chicken and my friend got the Chicken with Asparagus (it has their "favorite brown sauce" on it, after all!). They were both really good! I thought the prices were reasonable considering how large the portions were and that it was good quality food. Could you get cheaper Chinese somewhere? Yes. If you want Panda Express quality. But I definitely like this place and have been back several times for carry out, and they've not let me down!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,1/7/2014,62,163,3,4,3>This place is perfect for guys like me.  I'm more of a cocktail with dinner guy these days, but I occasionally have the hankering for a good draft beer.  I'm also a middle-aged dad with young kids who doesn't do the bar scene any more (and never did it well in the first place.)    This used to pose a significant problem, because I'm not going to waste a date night (including the cost of a baby sitter) to make my wife sit in a bar with me while I drink 8 oz of beer and then ask her to drive me home because I'm such a lightweight these days.  I'm not going to tell my wife to watch the kids while I go to a bar to have a drink (trust me, no husband/father would ever do this and expect to live to tell the tale), plus I don't want to be the guy in the bar drinking by himself.  I guess I could go buy the bottled version of beers I like, but it's never as good.Into my conflicted life falls The Daily Growler!  I can get my preferred draft beer (Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale) or try something new for far less than I would pay for the bottled version or in a bar (not that I could drink 64 oz of anything at one time) and drink it at my leisure.  How awesome is this idea?  The prices are great considering the selection and you can exchange the growler you take home for a fresh, clean one on your next visit (avoiding the $4 surcharge on the next visit), or you could join a jug band and accumulate several growlers for your new hobby.  The choice is yours.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,1/6/2014,40,101,,4,2>This was my first experience with Vietnamese food, so it is tough for me to compare it to something else.  I visited with my Dad, who spent a week in Vietnam last year.  I didn't take David C's advice and get the Pho Bo; I like the concept of Pho, but it was a warm October day and I didn't feel like I needed something akin to a hot soup.  Instead I ordered the vermicelli with grilled pork and some won-tons.  The won-tons were excellent, probably the best I have ever had.  Prior to my vermincelli showing up, I was brought a bowl with a spoon.  It was cool, a yellow-ish broth with carrots and green vegetables floating in it.  I assumed (due to the spoon) that it was a soup; but after tasting it (it was salty, sweet, and maybe a little fishy) determined it was probably a sauce for the entree.  Either way, I didn't particularly care for it.  However, the vermicelli was quite interesting.  It was rice noodles with delicious strips or pork with peanuts and green leafy vegetables mixed in.  There were a variety of condiments on the table; I particularly liked this fiery red sauce that I first suspected might be ketchup.  I applied a few squirts to my bowl and dove in.  There were some other sauces that were more like salsa in appearance, I don't know what they were, but there's always next time.  I feel like when sushi was relatively new in America there was a lot of explaining of what was what from helpful servers and laminated menu cards.  You don't get that sort of explanation here, or at least we didn't.  The service was efficient (a young woman) and a nice older lady came over to ensure our meal was to our expectations (not having any expectations myself, I said yes!).  However, they don't exactly hold your hand and walk you through the menu.  I am fine with this, but I am also totally comfortable eating some things without necessarily fully understanding what they are or how they are customarily consumed; others may be less comfortable munching on their own ignorance.I will go back for sure - the food was very good and per my Dad and other reviewers quite authentic.  However, before I do I will do a little more reading on the various condiments and menu items I didn't quite understand in order to learn a little more from the experience.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,1/5/2014,31,164,2,5,5>Oh this was such a sweet place, and I'm so glad I made it here. I can't wait to blaze through the vegan items on the menu.It's tiny, but somehow there was enough room at lunch for everyone here between the few tables and the fewer counter seats. The tea was delicious, and I'm randomly charmed by the to go tea cup lid. The lid on my cup had a little mesh filter to keep the heat and the dribbles in. Plus, since the tea is loose leaf, it holds the leaves in, too.I got a free cookie thanks to the Yelp check-in offer for first time visitors. Chocolate chip and heavenly good.I had the Tex Mex Tofu Scramble. All the veggie ingredients were fresh, and the onions weren't excessive (which is good because as usual I forgot to ask them to be held). The bread was soft in the middle and crispy around the crust. But the tofu itself was a bit soft for my taste and under-seasoned. It wasn't bad, but I like my scrambled tofu flavored beyond belief. It won't be long before I'm back to see if the vegan mac and cheese makes up for it!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,1/2/2014,138,202,,5,4>Polar bears! They're sisters if you hadn't heard. There's other bears and some very majestic Arctic Foxes in the newish polar bear area. I love the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium, I go pretty often with different folks. Wildlights is a great time around the holidays. Zoombezi Bay, the attached waterpark, is kind of meh in my opinion, maybe I'm too grumpy for waterparks. It is a quality zoo with tons of animals grouped together by the continent they represent. I like the anteater, he has fabulous fur, he seems really proud of himself.I get coffee drinks from the place near the entrance. I use the zoo as an excuse to eat at Culvers while I'm in the area. It's a family friendly fast food restaurant, fried cheese baby.The zoo is a great time and a great value for how nice it is, absolutely worth visiting.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,1/1/2014,115,228,2,3,3>The Near East Side Coop is small, but if you live in the neighborhood and need to do some light grocery shopping or pick up dinner, or if you're the kind of person who likes to make small, frequent shopping trips, I highly recommend stopping here. They have enough meat, vegan/vegetarian substitutes for meat, produce, and dry goods that you won't have to scramble to put together a meal. And what they do have is good quality! The meat is from a local Ohio farm; the produce didn't look like it was about to toddle off to the Great Beyond as is sometimes the case in small shops; and even their dry goods had a good amount of Ohio representing. They had local honey, some local canned goods, local dairy (Snowville Creamery milk at about $3.79 a half gallon!), and locally-produced snacks. The prices aren't at all exorbitant, either, for the quality. Bryant M. and I were both impressed.While the selection isn't extensive right now, they are wanting to add more products in the future (I hope that includes a bulk section!). In the meanwhile, they're doing a really, really good job at curating what products they *do* carry in the limited space they have.So, if you're tired of having to run to the Kroghetto or all the way over to the Brewery District or German Village just to do some light grocery shopping, huzzah! We now have a really good alternative to that.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,12/31/2013,185,387,3,4,3>Looking for a place for (good) Karaoke? This is your spot. Everyone was so nice in this place -- you could tell that 80% of the crowd were regulars, but that didn't keep them from chatting up other guests. The mood was definitely heavy with camaraderie. Then the karaoke started. Oh my. I was  blown away by the talent. I'd talked myself into going up there with a group of my friends, but after hearing the outpouring of talent, I didn't dare. I don't think people would have been mean about it if I had or anything, it's just that everyone was so freaking good that I didn't want to ruin the amazing-ness. I was thoroughly entertained and impressed, and more than happy to watch. You sign up for karaoke via a computer kiosk, which is kind of nice. I'm not really a frequenter of karaoke (even though I love it), so this may be common place now, I'm not sure.We went in July, but this would  be a perfect winter den. Parking was easy and I love having tried-and-true options on the South Side.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,12/30/2013,42,96,,6,4>The most important thing I can tell you about the Table is how to enter the restaurant: if you're on East 5th Ave. and facing the building, go up the stairs into the lobby, and open the brown metal door to your right.  Don't be like me and countless other customers who confusedly head down the alley looking for a door, until someone takes pity on them and comes out to show them the way.I don't know if the lack of a sign is intentional or negligent, but it gives the Table the feel of a speakeasy, circa 2013.  You walk through the metal door and, bang, you're in a cheery warm space full of mismatched wood tables and chairs, big loft windows, and an open kitchen.The real appeal to the Table is of course the food; many restaurants in the Short North play it safe (and boring), but the Table presents a nice menu of dishes with their own unique character.  Some dishes are more successful than others - the Parisenne Gnocchi I had for lunch one day turned out to be deep-fried (fyi Table, you can't easily stick a fork through a deep-fried gnocchi) - but in general the dishes exhibit originality, thoughtfulness, and the air of a chef willing to take chances.  It's also worth noting that you shouldn't max out your appetite with savory dishes, because the Table has an almost overwhelming array of desserts available, all displayed in glass cases on the countertop for your viewing pleasure.On second thought, maybe I shouldn't tell you how to get in.  The Table is one of the best new restaurants to open up in Columbus in recent years, and I'd like to make sure there's an open table for me whenever I choose to go there.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,12/29/2013,14,165,2,6,3>The market is just a few streets over from me. You don't have to be a member to shop here! If you're a member you get a discount on your purchases.There has been some changes over the years in regards to how they try to bring more business into the store. A few years ago it was hand made pizzas on Friday nights. At least once a year they have Sharpening On Site come by.The Crest Fest keeps getting bigger each year.I try to stop by once a month. The fruit and vegetables look like real fruits and vegetables. They aren't gigantic in size. The eggs usually have the packed date so you know how fresh they are. Snowville Creamery is usually a little less expensive here compared to other grocery stores.One thing I like is the apparent transparency. The meeting minutes are publicly posted so everyone (members or not) can see the topics of discussion. They've been making improvements (new cooler, new point of sale system) recently and it's all in the meeting minutes.If you're looking to do some local grocery shopping this holiday season (food baskets are always popular) this ine a good place to do it.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/28/2013,60,266,,7,3>I stand by my five stars for Tokyo. This place IMO still has some of the best sushi in the area. After a couple of months of eating sub par sushi at other places around central Ohio... I ventured here once more on a Saturday and realized what I had been missing. Tears almost came to my eyes realizing what a fool I had been. It was like realizing you had cheated on the love of your life.Ok, so I didn't really cry. I'm not THAT obsessed. This is a REALLY great sushi place. I'm not exaggerating. Every roll has great flavor. The fish is fresh. I have seen the chefs bring the fish out to the table to show patrons the freshness. They're good on standing their ground about freshness and they have a valid point every time and can prove they don't use bunk fish. Seriously, these guys are great. They are one of the only places in Central Ohio that make one of the freshest Rainbow Rolls I've ever had. Their spicy yellow tail rolls are AMAZING. We tried the Christmas Roll on our last visit after have a very crappy version at another sushi joint, and theirs was SPECTACULAR. My husband was greedy on that roll and ate most of it, because it was that awesome. Tokyo is still not a place of massive presentation... nor is it good for massive parties, but it still wins my award for the best sushi in central Ohio. No fancy lights, or gimicks here... No cheap out groupons deals, or other items to make them cheapen their quality in order to feed the masses.  The best part is that it is a mere hop and skip from my place. Oh yeah, people. It's good. My word of advice is to just not go expecting high ambiance, but if you're looking for a low-key date night with no frivolous qualities, or hell... even just a good dinner, then stop by.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,12/27/2013,77,87,3,2,5>I love Villa Nova. I could seriously eat here every night of the week. The scene reminds me of someone's basement, but I wouldn't want it any other way. I feel right at home in the dark paneled dining room adorned with a huge collection of gauges and old-timey Italian culinary advertisements. I've actually never been able to get a seat at the bar. We've stood over there for a Happy Hour drink while we waited a few minutes for a table. Everyone always looks like they're having a good time--looks like a lot of regulars.So I always end up ordering the same thing. Manicotti. It's the best. I've tried the stuffed shells, lasagna and raviolis (which oddly come with a side of spaghetti...) and I always come back to the manicotti. Their pizza is delicious as well--the crust is crispy, but not paper thin cracker mid-westy crisp. It is cut in squares, which saddens me, so I've asked for pie cut slices, to which they're accommodating. The fried veggies--particularly the cauliflowers--are a big hit at our table, but what really keeps us coming back is their Ranch salad dressing. BEST RANCH DRESSING IN THE WORLD! Put it on your salad. Drizzle it on your pizza. Dip your breadstick in it. Do shots of it. Go crazy! Thankfully a tossed salad or soup comes with each entree, so I can get my fix of Ranch every time we go.Why the Olive Garden still exists when there are family-owned independent Italian restaurants like Villa Nova serving up way better fare? I'll never know.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,12/26/2013,36,136,,5,6>Now that I have sampled almost everything on the menu, I can confidently give Kittie's a 5 star rating. They deserve it. Let's start with the cupcakes. I haven't tried a cupcake that I didn't like. The Ooey Gooey Chocolate is hands down the best chocolate cupcake I've ever eaten. It is a chocolate lovers dream. The Cookies & Cream might sound boring, but it is amazing. My boyfriend isn't a sweets person, but he is obsessed with this cupcake. It has a cookie baked in the bottom with a fantastic vanilla bean buttercream. Speaking of their vanilla bean buttercream, it is seriously good. I wish it was sold in a container so I could keep it in my pantry and sneak a spoonful of it late at night. SO GOOD. I could probably write more about all their cupcakes, but it would take forever. Just get there and try them all!They have breakfast cupcakes, biscuits with jam and oatmeal/cookie sandwiches sometimes. The breakfast cupcake is fantastic. It's like a cinnamon roll in a cupcake form with icing in the center. YUM. I've tried the oatmeal cream pie and the Cookies & Cream sandwich. Of course, they were both delicious. The oatmeal cream pie has a marshmallow-like filling inside two soft, chewy oatmeal cookie. The Cookies & Cream sandwich is two chocolate cookies filled with wonderful vanilla bean buttercream. The two ladies inside are some of the nicest people I've ever met. They seem to genuinely care about each and every one of their customers. The decor inside is just perfect. It is such a comforting, cool space that makes you want to stay a while. If you haven't tried Kittie's, get down to German Village now and try them out. I could not be more happy that I discovered Kittie's, and I'm excited to continue getting my cupcake fix here!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,12/25/2013,92,223,1,3,2>This is my first time eating at an Aladdin's restaurant since I've never been to the one in Grandview or Clintonville. I went with my brother and father for lunch since we were house searching and needed a pick me up lunch from seeing so many houses.We came here because it was very close to the area we were looking for houses in. It did not disappoint me for my first visit. My dad said something I will have to agree with, how great the meal turns out depends on the chef they hire for the restaurant. This chef just happened to make the appetizers really good.We had the vegetarian sampler, not that we are vegetarian or anything we just liked everything it had it offer with the hummus, tabouli, grape leaves and baba ganoush. I didn't care for the pita bread but that was nothing to do with the restaurant with that. The meals also came out very fast for out time crunch we were on. I barely was able to finish my Sharwarma salad when it was time to already leave. That has almost never happened to me wherever I go! I eat like I'm in the military so obviously they did a great job with the whole timing of the food coming out. I can't wait to come here again with my co-workers soon since it's also close to my work!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,12/24/2013,65,187,2,6,3>The best part of the Sycamore so far is the staff - they're friendly and welcoming to a degree that you just don't find at other Columbus spots.  Upon entering, we were greeted with a "nice to see you again".  What a nice greeting - so much friendlier and memorable than "hi, thanks for coming."The restaurant is looooooong and narrow, similarl to the Press Grill, I suppose. I had the beef cheek open faced sandwich on a snowy night, which made for the perfect combinations.  The wine list and cocktails were well-edited and carefully crafted.  All in all, I enjoyed my time at the Sycamore.  The meal and drinks were good, but I'd come back for that feeling of being welcome.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,12/23/2013,37,214,2,5,4>Just north of the newly re-done Rusty Bucket and just south of the American Girl store is a chocolate wonderland. Why, yes, there is now a Le Chocoholique in Easton! My boyfriend and I stumbled upon it last night. Literally. We had no idea it was there, wandered towards a new fountain and "Hey! Chocolate!" They've only been open a couple week so the store is still shiny and new. We pressed our faces against the glass cases containing the most beautiful candies. The artistry and blend of flavors is pretty much endless here. I came home with "Queen of the Nile" (which was tasty but a gorgeous piece of candy) and "A date with bacon". I counted 6 different types of candy with bacon and that's not including the chocolate covered bacon. In addition to candy, they have wine and cocktails. This would be a grand way to end a night out in Easton either after dinner or a hard day's shopping.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,12/22/2013,160,933,2,8,3>They're still new enough that they're getting in the groove of things, but this is a great place that I'm looking forward to returning to.Had exceptional service. The waitress was very attentive to refilling our water and only checking in when appropriate (not 100% sure, but I think she was waiting for breaks in our conversation to come over, and THAT is awesome service).The decor is fantastic, there are definitely aspects (like the front sidewalk) area that scream traditional Paris. While on the inside, it's a rather whimsical mix of new orleans and traditional over the top luxury.The food was great, although more Americanized French than traditional French. I'm sure the idea of a deep dish quiche would frighten most frenchies, but for me, it works great. Delicious and more of a cheese-custard than a quiche. We split a pan au chocolate on our way out and it was perfectly baked. They have a well stocked bar with a very knowledgable tender (and hey, with a moustache like that, he should be!).Columbus has been missing a French bistro link somewhere between La Chatelaine (which I rank fairly low) and the Refectory (which is always five stars). This fills that void nicely, and I give my kudos to the developers for risking the investment in a market that's proven to be fairly  dead (given that this is in a former wendys/tim hortons location, that speaks for itself). The market is a little meh, and the layout of the entire place is a little awkward (dining room in the front, bar and market in the back), but I can overlook that for the quality that was already apparent.Will return!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,12/21/2013,363,423,,13,6>The Peacock West is like a time capsule just like Tiffany C. stated.  It's one of the few remaining old school Cantonese American restaurants typical of the Chinese restaurants you would have found in Columbus in the 60's and 70's.  This is the type of place your parents or grandparents would have frequented back in the day when going to a Chinese restaurant was an infrequent treat reserved for special occasions.  The decor reflects this to this day.  You know, the ornate Chinese lanterns, red booths, black lacquered chairs, several cases with Chinese art, antiques and knickknacks.  Antique Sumi E art hangs on the walls.  It's like stepping back in time.  I think it's fun just to look at everything that's there.The food?  Schezuan and Hunan are alright but here it's all about Cantonese style.  Trust me on this, their forte is Cantonese and they do it very well.I've been coming to this restaurant more years than I care to tell you.  I will tell you though that their Crab Rangoon, Lo Mein, War Sue Gai, Chow Mein, Chop Suey, egg rolls and any of their soups are what you want to order.  Their "cup of soup" is a bowl of soup.  Check out the pictures.Get their Crab Rangoon for an appetizer.  $4.95 for six filled with cream cheese and real crab.  Their Lo Mein in particular is the best I've ever had.  Anywhere.  Period.  Try it once and then try to tell me it's not the best you've ever had.The food is inexpensive too.  Get this, seven of us all ordered dinner portions, most got either soup or egg rolls and a few appetizers and the bill was $98 and that's with tax.  We could have fed 12 of us with all the food we received.  Yeah, take home!As others have noted, it is under new management (actually the youngest generation is now running it).  The chef, a super nice young man named Tiah, told us it's still the same family (37 years now).  They've simplified the menu but other than that, not much has really changed.  Thank goodness!So, great Cantonese, a cool retro vibe and inexpensive prices = Try this place out.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,12/20/2013,73,88,4,3,4>Now this place was quite the surprise. I was expecting something of quality given the rating distribution of reviews done by others, but none the less it exceeded my preconceptions. Lotus Grill encompasses all the things that make the perfect sort of joint for a lunch time stop: delicious, speedy, and wallet friendly. On my last trip I tried their General Tso's which is a sort of safety choice I suppose, but a most pleasant one at that. The food here is flavorful and is certainly well and above the quality you would assume from their pricing model.They also get the meal over to you super fast. I mean I sat down and then suddenly the food was there. I suspect that they have some sort of device that extrapolates what your desires are as you enter the parking lot, allowing them to begin prep work early.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,12/19/2013,138,148,2,6,2>I've made Buckeye Pho my Saturday gameday destination this season for more reason than one. Yes, they have three big flatscreen TV's to catch the game but as usual I was here for the Pho and by the suggestion of some of my fellow Yelpers, one of their wonderful Bahn Mi.Greeted and offered a table I opted for a seat at their counter with a good view of the open clean kitchen. Placed my order for Pho Tai (rare slices of beef) for eating there and a cold-cut pork bahn mi to go. My server remembered me from the previous Saturday and brought me a fork with my pho since I've yet to master chopsticks since becoming a lefty. I can easily say that I've never been disappointed by the pho here, a rich beefy broth with the distinctive flavours complimented with fresh meats and veggies. While eating my pho I got to watch first hand the making of my bahn mi, from seeing them cut the pork to slicing open the toasted crusty baguettes then filling them with plenty of crunchy spicy veggies and other good stuff.After finishing my bowl of pho, I paid up and headed out with full stomach, a smile on my face and a dinner sammich in my clutches. Later that day I broke into the brown bag and yes, even after hours later this had to be one of the best bahn mi I've had in Cbus. The wonderful crusty baguette held up well with the time and all the fillings were fresh and carried their distinct flavours well. Another big Buckeye win this Saturday, on the football field and here at Buckeye Pho where you'll find me every gameday the rest of this season and the rest of the year...
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,12/18/2013,117,189,2,3,4>Now that I no longer live across the street from this glorious automobile, I realize just how much I miss it. Absense makes the heart grow fonder, perhaps? Bah-humbug.The tacos here are perfect. Freshly chopped cilantro and onion - wow-ee I'm enamored. Granted, many drunken nights were spent devouring this yummy food, but I PROMISE I had it sober too!Chit-chatting with the guy runnin' the show, they had talks to collabing to make it into a patio-beer(?) haven with the mini-mart. Didn't see that take off during my year across the way... bu they, I hope it happens.Do whatever you have to do - walk, bike, drunkenly stumble... get yourself to Juniors and get yourself that chorizo quesadilla.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,12/17/2013,44,158,11,4,1>Do you remember when Tanya Harding got her dirtball relatives to whack Nancy Kerrigan in the leg to try and knock her out of the Olympics? Look, if you get between me and my Huberts mashed potatoes, I am more than wiling to recruit my 'less than fully toothed' relatives to take you down. Back off my stuffed cabbage!!!!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/16/2013,67,461,,4,3>After my most recent visit, giving them the 5-star review they deserve. This is a hidden neighborhood gem, and truly deserves recognition as part of Yelp's belief in supporting Local Businesses. Nestled in the plaza on Avery-Muirfield but easily missed as you race into the residential neighborhood of Dublin.I have tried several things here: Hunan beef, Sizzling Black Sea, Shiitake Flounder. All 3 entrees had great flavor, felt authentic, and great portions. If I could, I would enjoy that Hunan beef 2-3 times a week and then spend the rest of the week picking other items off the menu.Customer Service: Staff has a great memory and will generally greet their returning customers with smiles and make some chit chat. They are constantly refilling beverages for dine-in patrons and asking "How's everything?"Do NOT be fooled by the lack of decor or the fact that this place isn't having a line to be seated. The clientele of this establishment is composed of many local residents who take this great food home to enjoy with their friends and family. If a full restaurant is what attracts you, go on Friday night where waits can be 15-20 min to be seated.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,12/15/2013,41,41,3,7,6>Finally, the grocery store Clintonville has deserved and yearned for for so long.  Giant Eagle and Kroger, you've just lost my business.  If Trader Joe's and Whole Foods had a baby and lived in the Rockies, the result would be Lucky's Market.  Prices on most things are far under what you'd shell out at Whole Paycheck and Lucky's offers many name-brand and large company organics that Trader Joe's simply doesn't.  The store isn't fancy (owing in part to its rough-hewn, neighborhood market sorta feel) but it has a huge selection with by far the best bulk section I have ever seen in my life.  I counted no less than 8 kinds of flours you can buy in bulk and I don't know how many types of grain - 20?  25?  I lost count at some point.  Wine selection is smaller than a lot of stores but in my opinion, much more reliable and solid.  Lucky's just really doesn't sell low-end crap.  I found a bottle of Ravenswood Old Vine Shiraz for $7.99 and my usual standbys (Apothetic Red, 7 Deadly Zins, Cupcake wines, and Rombauer Chardonnay) could all be found there as well, for a buck or two cheaper than at most other places.   A large beer section occupies the back righthand corner of the store, right next to the meat department.Dairy section was adequate and I was glad to see a variety of some of my favorite yogurts offered (with the exception of Liberte, made by Quaker but still one of my new loves).  Meat counter is solid with some great looking cuts, including three kinds of hand-cut bacon which you can buy in any amount you'd like.  I went with the Maple Orange and cannot wait to have it with my Sunday brunch.The bakery section is lacking, this I will admit.  If you're looking for a huge assortment of freshly made desserts and cakes, Lucky's is not your place - try Whole Foods or either of the Giant Eagle Market District locations.  However, I did see a full line of Eban Bakery goods - their entire line is gluten free and offers many fresh versions of things that you cannot buy at other grocery locations (and while I love Pattycake, I don't always want to pay $4 for one cupcake).  I briefly glanced through the supplement and toiletry section of the store - but the entire huge case devoted to only probiotics was certainly notable.I walked out with 2.5 bags of groceries, including wine and some more expensive meat and nuts, for $80.  I love the bag credit of 10 cents per reusable bag brought in and the fact that the charities are local and varied. In sum, go to Lucky's.  I doubt you'll regret it and it could just turn out to be your favorite of the quickly expanding new grocery options in Columbus.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/14/2013,34,74,,5,2>I think that probably every review here includes the word "hipster," and mine is no different.I'd say this is the most hipster place in the University District, probably in the Greater Columbus area. It's a coffee shop, bar, used books and record store, and concert and spoken word venue, all in one. Whoa.It consists of two different rooms: one with the coffee bar, and the other with the very small stage. It's nothing high class at all, but the slightly rough look/feel is endearing. There's a wide variety of couches and tables in the two rooms, which always seem to be full, but at the same time you can always manage to find the perfect amount of seats. The staff are not overly friendly, and actually move quite slow, but again, it sort of just works with the type of place it is.No matter if it's 8am on a Monday or 10pm on a football Saturday, you'll find basically the same crowd of lone students with laptops, groups of extreme hipsters playing ukulele, and a strange combination of people playing a board game.The specialty drinks are all named after authors, but are unfortunately a bit pricey, as are the poetry nights [$5?!]. But they actually get some very good musicians in there, and it's always free so be sure to check out a show there!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/13/2013,142,94,2,4,5>I sincerely felt like I wrote a review for the Pearl the first month it opened but that must have been a dream or a plan on my part that never became reality.I've been going to The Pearl since opening night. I've been back time after time.What keeps me coming back?1. The service. Everyone is incredibly friendly. My server from my first time 7 months ago still remembers us and says hello.2. The location. It's gorgeous inside. Just freaking beautiful. The atmosphere alone is worth 4 stars.3. The food. I'll be honest - I've had a few dishes that I was very "meh" over. I hunted around and tried a few different dishes but as soon as I had the fried chicken - it was all over. It's surprisingly good. I'm a southern boy who grew up eating fried chicken on a regular basis (even today it's a favorite request of mine to my mom!). This is just about the best I've had in Columbus and even outside my mom's kitchen. I mean - it comes with a cinnamon bun - AS A SIDE! drool....4. The drinks - they are always delish. I mean, one of them comes in a glass punch bowl.5. Brunch - my newest discovery! I love brunch at The Pearl! The bellinis are yummy. My personal favorite for brunch is to get all sides - sausage, potatoes, and a cinnamon bun! If that doesn't sound good - get the fried chicken!So there you have it - why I love the Pearl and still give it 5 stars after 7 months.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/12/2013,29,65,2,5,2>There is nothing more that needs to be said about Curio. These drinks are fantastic, each with such sophisticated flavors and balance. The bartenders (especially Mr. Peppercorn) really know their shit; as you're watching them make your drinks, you know that they pour science and knowledge into your glass. This place does get crowded, so don't turn into a hussy if you can't find seats - just stand around inside or stand around outside, because the drinks make everything okay. The oooonly downside is parking: there is a tiny lot across the street from Harvest/Curio, but other than that, you'll have to aimlessly drive around German Village hunting for a spot.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/11/2013,27,185,,3,2>As anyone who looks at the rest of my reviews will see, I very rarely give five star ratings to anything.  You have to really impress me and be something special to earn that last star.  ....101 Beer Kitchen has done just that.I've been to the kitchen a couple times now, and both times I have been highly impressed by the quality of the food and service.  The staff is friendly and helpful, and go out of their way to meet your needs.  The first time I dropped in, for instance, I only had a limited amount of time before an appointment.  The Kitchen was happy to oblige and brought out my meal almost as quickly as I had ordered it.  Thus, I was able to make it to my appointment with time to spare!The food, though, is the real draw here.  One waitress explained to me that the concept is a twist on comfort foods, which describes it very well, I think.  The items served are definitely wholesome and hearty, but have just enough tweaks to make them also very interesting and full of flavor.  So far, everything I've had here has been excellent.  My personal favorite to date is the Monte Cristo sandwich, which is made with turkey, gruyere, cranberry sauce, and an amazing orange-ginger mayo.  I normally dislike mayo of any sort but this is a major exception.  The overall mix is warm and gooey like grilled cheese, but bursting with different flavors, bitey ginger melded with warm-flavored gruyere. ...yeah, it's amazing.I'm also a big fan of the butternut squash soup.  Rich and creamy, the flavor of the squash is beautifully complimented by the taste and texture of the duck confit and pumpkin seeds.  I definitely recommend it. ....of course, so far, there isn't anything I've had that I wouldn't recommend.  Honestly! As the name implies, Beer 101 also serves up a lot of brew.  Unfortunately I've been driving each of the times I've visited (and have no tolerance for alcohol), but I was lucky enough to get a taste of one of them - Bell's expedition stout, I believe - and wow, it's just as amazing as the food.  Overall, the thing I think I like here is how much flavor they pack into every item, whether it be soup, pizza, salad, or brew.  There is nothing "simple" about the food, and yet, it all melds together perfectly.  Too often places mix together all sorts of fancy ingredients and ....it just tastes like a bunch of overpriced stuff that really ought to be separate.  But from what I've had so far, Beer 101 has really done a lot of work finding the perfect combinations.  Best of all, the prices are not bad!   Plates can get near $20 but most are around the $10 range.  You will not leave hungry, either.  Portions aren't ridiculous but they are more than filling. In terms of atmosphere, Beer 101 is comfortable.  I don't know I'd say I'd go there for the atmosphere, but it has some nice touches. It can get a bit crowded I think around dinner time, but if you drop in around lunch time, it's not bad at all, even on a weekend.Definitely on my "you need to try this place" list.  I hope to be back soon.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,12/10/2013,85,100,,3,4>We just had Lucky Yee for the first time, and man, it was good. I called in our order and my husband picked it up. We had the appetizer Sesame Noodles, and two entrees- the Sesame Chicken and the Beef & Broccoli. Everything was spectacular. The portions were definitely smaller than Great Wall, but the taste was light years better. We will be getting our Chinese take out here from now on :)
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,12/9/2013,114,521,6,13,7>When I found out a new Donut shop was open below the Big Bar on High Street, I knew I would have to go check them out.When I learned that every donut was $1, and that they did $5 half dozen, $8 dozens, or $10 "bucket" specials, I was even more excited.THEN I found out they had a Milky Way donut covered in dark caramel and chocolate chips and, well, I went over there like a shot.Nestled underneath the Big Bar's entrance, there's a nice little guide rail system that takes you past the case so you can select your choices, while the staff helps load up your box / bag / bucket with treats. It's a to-go shop, with very little dining room, but they do offer bottled water, milk, juice, energy drinks, and will be adding coffee soon.We're still working through the assorted dozen I got, but the flavors we've tried (Milky Way, Maple Bacon, Oreo, and Strawberry Lemonade) have been excellent, and I'm kinda stunned that they're getting away with their prices. You could easily see these selling for $2-3 dollars each in a different location.Of special note is a donut I didn't try, but my wife delighted in - they offer a "Samoa" donut, covered in chocolate, caramel, and toasted coconut, that she says tastes EXACTLY like its' girl scout inspiration. I'm not a huge coconut person, but given the noises of pure pleasure she made while eating hers? I'd say it's worth it for anyone who is.I'm looking forward to trying the "dirt cake" donut (with gummi worms!), M&M donut, and many others very soon. This is a great addition to the Columbus donut scene, and since they're open 7 days a week, they'll always be available for anyone looking for their sweet fix!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,12/7/2013,68,149,,5,2>Great experience!I went in for a free oil change (thank you American Red Cross), and ended up getting my Power Steering fluid flushed. I know what you're probably thinking. I'm a moron and was swindled into getting something extra done that I didn't need.WRONG! They brought me out and visually showed me why it was a good idea (aka the Power Steering fluid smelled burnt and literally looked like mud). They were not pushy about it, and they walked me through time periods and recommendations on what (ideally) should be done in the future and when it should be done.I was very pleased w/my visit at Midas and really glad they brought some extra things to my attention. As a complete side note, the waiting room & parking lot are a bit small. I'm not sure how that works out when they are actually busy and you don't schedule something at opening.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,12/6/2013,20,128,1,5,3>I pretty much crave Chinese all the time, but I'm loyal fan of Hunan House and Hunan Lion (and recently Asian Taste).  However, I keep hearing excellent things about Fortune.  Though I've been here before during college, that was eons ago, and seems to have not made a huge impression on me.  Which is sad.  I revisited last week and am already planning another trip.  First, we shared the much-lauded dan dan noodles.  If you are a fan of this much-butchered dish, Fortune's will make you want to come back again and again just for this.  In fact, on my my next trip I might just get two orders of this as my entree.  Next, we split the Sichuan eggplant (add ground pork) and Mala green beans.  Yum and yum.  The eggplant was sweet, spicy, salty, and umami-ey; a veritable explosion of great flavors.  Plus, this is the only Chinese place I've ever eaten at that uses whole cumin in the Mala beans.  The addition really elevates the dish and I enjoyed it immensely.  A note of warning:  the waitress we had barely spoke English and couldn't answer any questions.  So, your first visit here might be hit or miss unless you do slight research about Sichuan cooking before you go.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,12/5/2013,86,139,2,7,4>I came here on a Monday around 7pm and there was no wait, but it was definitely busy. AND LOUD. Wow it was loud. I must be getting old. Not a good place to bring a group to talk.There were a ton of beers to choose from and the food was very good. I recommend the grilled cheese with the merguez on top. It doesn't taste like a grilled cheese sandwich anymore, but man is it good. You also get a choice of regular fries or sweet potato fries. Definitely choose the sweet potato fries and order a side of aioli dip for an extra 50 cents. Trust me, you won't regret it.Since service seems to be a big complaint, I recommend coming at 7pm or later on a weekday and sitting at the bar because my experience was very good. Sitting at the bar means you'll never be out of sight of someone to serve you and you can punch them in the face... er... grab their attention if they ignore you.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,12/4/2013,95,94,,8,5>Drove by this place a couple of times on Main.  It was "Smothered Gravy" which I never got around to going to.  Finally stopped in on a Tuesday when my options were slim.The owners Keith and James couldn't have been nicer.  They answered any and all questions regarding their menu...even had me try a smoked chicken wing.  I was sold.  Big time.  They smoke in the back and the place smells amazing and the food tastes even more so.I ordered the lb of chicken wings with two sides.  I got the Macaroni and Cheese and the Potato salad.  Both great.Brought the wings home and was wildly satisfied.  The flavor of the hearty wings sticks with me and I can still taste the deliciousness.I'll be back and look forward to trying their brisket,  pork and more.  They also will cater parties and take plastic.Seriously Olde Town East people and the ones they love...go to this place.  They deserve your business and success.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/3/2013,82,90,4,9,8>This place never fails me.  Yesterday, I went for a late breakfast and ordered a Aztec burrito, black beans, chorizo, egg, cheese, what else...oh it was so good.I have their pancakes, literally to die for...so sorry for the cliché.  The bloody marys are killer, spicy, like they should be.  I've never had a bad meal here.  The service is on the money.  Love the décor with the clocks all over and crazy mix of paintings.  They have the coolest old Winston cigarettes ashtray in the bathroom that I would love to take home!  The food is the biggest star, I would recommend trying something off the special menu that changes I believe daily.  It has never done me wrong!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,12/2/2013,498,511,3,7,3>The artist John McKenzie was in town and his daughter is a friend from work - so I joined a group of peeps for drinks and chatter. If you haven't stopped in to take a look at John's art - you need to - I adore the total abandon when it comes to color and over all explosion of emotion.I was having a nice African Cab by the glass on the owners recommendation- it was something new and really delish! I think the only draw back to the place (if there is one) is not serving food, but they do cheese plates and some charcuterie - so if you are really there for the wine, you can always  hit one of the many great dinner spots for more grub after you've had a bit of the vine.I'll be back! (I sound like the terminator)
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,12/1/2013,89,91,4,8,4>I am a natural born carnivore, the thought of eating a salad as a complete meal angers me. I ended up eating here by accident. Food Truck Thursday was rained out so this was the next best thing according to my hipster coworker. It was already a sentimental walk through the last remnants of City Center Mall. To discover that a salad bar type place had moved into what used to be one of my favourite restaurants was irritating. I'lI admit I was impressed with the changes to the restaurant. Nice lighting, decor, and bar area. Also, a very patient staff, considering I stared at the menu for at least five minutes trying to choose the right item to fill me up. I chose the Loki salad, it sounded good but I honestly did not expect to be satisfied. All I can say is, wow! A very large, satisfying, and delicious salad! I'm still trying to figure out why I thought this is one of the best salads I've ever had. The combination of flavours - salmon, potatoes, asparagus, and greens were so good! I'm thinking the whole support local has something to do with the fabulous taste. This meat eater was definitely won over by this healthy restaurant. Normally, I would scoff at paying over $10 for a salad, but the portion and fresh ingredients are so worth it! Sincerely looking forward to returning.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,11/30/2013,57,115,2,5,4>So I decided to stop in after being next door playing a few hours of video games at 16-bit to get a bite to eat before heading home. Needless to say, I feel like a complete nincompoop for not having been in here sooner. It's really cute and has somewhat of a mid-century feel with some of the décor. Would be a great spot for a low-key date.I got the double burger (which is a slider size but just enough for me as a double) which was amaziballs delicious. Wedge fries and a side salad were also mixed in there somewhere but I was fixed on the burger. So tasty! Our server, who's name I don't know other than what was on the receipt, was excellent, attentive and got everything correct. Overall great experience and I will be back. By the way...the name on the receipt...923 Night Drawer. Whatever floats your boat! Great job 923 Night Drawer and thanks for the excellent service!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,11/29/2013,106,319,1,7,4>This was an old KFC, completely gutted and beautifully redone inside and out. Large flat screen TVs throughout, and a modern and clean decor. Drinks are self serve, and the menu is typical for a Greek fast food joint. It also has a drive thru.All the workers had  thick accents...I believe they could have been actual Greeks and even family members.I had the large gyro combo, which includes fries and a drink. The fries were outstanding...hot on the inside, and very crisp on the out. They also "Greek-old-school" season on them...a healthy dose of Paprika based seasoning...very good!Gyro was good...seared pita bread served with lots of meat, and fresh veggies, including red onions. The Tzatziki sauce could have used a kick...more garlic would have helped, but still good.Drinks are offered in one size only...a standard 16oz Styrofoam cup. I would have liked to see a larger option, because after ice your looking at only 6-8 oz of drink.Overall, I'm a fan, and would not hesitate to visit again.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/28/2013,16,28,,6,4>First of all, yay for new restaurants in the Short North!My friends and I went to Bakersfield just two days after it opened and you would of thought it had been there for years. The service was great--one of the owners even stopped by our table! We started with their green salsa, queso and gaucamole--all served with tons of homemade chips! And per usual when eating Mexican, we went for the largest serving of margaritas, which was served in a pretty glass pitcher with a wooden stirrer. Loved everything already!After enjoying our chips, our server explained all of the tacos to us, and the other menu options. I settled on the short rib taco served in a house-made corn tortilla. Although I wish there was also a flour tortilla option, this taco, made with queso fresco and pickled onions, was nearly perfect!The best part of Bakersfield was the fun atmosphere. The patio (with heaters!) was filled with people, the tables are made out of whiskey barrels, the lighting is perfect, the list goes on!I can't wait to go back and try another fun taco!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,11/27/2013,370,523,4,10,7>Seriously delicious and really affordable. They totally transformed the old Steak Escape into something worth going to. Clean and chic, they offer bowls, wraps, and salads. Honestly, I think all they really need are bowls, but gotta have variety. The staff is really friendly and willing to help out newbies. One trip to their website before you go and you should be good to go on how things work. The best part about their set up is that everything goes together. I got a bowl with purple rice, because it had more nutrients (but tastes like regular rice once everything else is on it.) I chose the regular chicken, which was white meat and flavorful. Then, I got everything on it, but cheese (cheese + asian food = no) and hot sauce. Of all the toppings, the only one I would omit for next time would be the potatoes (they were good, but the beans and bean sprouts were enough). Otherwise, it was perfect harmony!My first bite I was in heaven! I loved the yum yum sauce mixed with teryaki sauce and the super thin cut veggies made a great texture with the meat, rice, and sauces. It was really, really good. Like, eat every day good. They gave me a sample of the kimchi and I thought it was awesome! It is vegan so, there is no nasty fish sauce that usually deters me from eating it. They also have to-go sauce pumps and cups so you can add extra sauce or do sauce on the side! (Love that option). Anyway, all that for $6.10 (I think Steak was $6.50). Absolutely no complaints with Bibibop. It rocks! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/26/2013,30,144,6,4,3>The wife and I finally got around to trying this Yelp darling. . . We rolled into Katalina's around 12:30 on a Saturday.  The line was way out the door and I immediately felt old, and maybe not hip enough to eat here.  I mean, none of these people would even use the word "hip."  Here we were, without even a lap dog eating with us.  Would we be served?  Could I feign enough worldly indifference to fit in?  Well, we sucked it up and ordered.While I was worried about the line, the wait and the ability to get a table - all of that worked itself out without issue.  The line moves reasonably quickly and there always seemed to be a seating option open for people coming off the line.I opted for the Hens in a Basket and the wife went for the big burrito (substituting Chorizo for green peppers).  The substitution was easy, no eye rolling at all!  The food was very good.  While breakfast foods aren't rocket science, I did appreciate the uniqueness of the sweet and spicy bacon (very nice kick).  Being gluttons, of course we had to top our meal off with the pancake balls (we opted for Nutella).  Holy crap those little pancake balls are delicious!!!  If I were just rating those, this would easily be five stars!My only real complaint with Katalina's is the lack of table service.  While they do bring your food to the table, there's no follow-up.  I'm an iced tea guy and the inability to get a refill from a server (or have them bring me a cup of ice) just makes me cranky.  I also had to go hunting for a knife for the wife (our table was out of them) and a straw for myself.  I guess those are just the kind of gripes you get from a guy old enough to use the word "hip."
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,11/25/2013,26,378,,3,2>I will agree with some other reviewers about the parking. Even for German Village it's bad. It's like they found the one spot furthest from any open parking. They do have a small lot across the street, but you have to either be parked in or park in someone else, and who wants to move their car in the middle of dinner or have to find the other driver that parked you in? But I digress. The service was very friendly and attentive. We got the fennel and sausage pizza. I'd say it was pretty much perfect. The crust was some of the tastiest I've had, and the texture was definitely the best. We started out with the "capriccio". Not sure why it's in quotes, I'm not terribly familliar with capriccio so maybe I'm just missing the joke.We ended our meal with the crock of salty caramel stuff (again, with an Italian name that I know nothing about). It was insanely good. Caramel, whipped cream, salt....dayum was that a tasty meal. $15 for a smallish pizza is being overlooked due to high quality. Bravo, Harvest.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/24/2013,146,161,,3,4>What can I say, this food truck is incredible. After multiple attempts to stop by, I finally found the time after seeing their facebook post that the parents of the owner will be cooking. Homemade Japanese grub, who could resist!So here's a listing of what we ate:1. korokke - takoyaki filled with potatoes and cheese - Looks like takoyaki, but reminds me of an American appetizer. Good but not great.2. karaage - fried chicken with 2 different sauces. I could literally eat a tub of this, so damn good.3. agedashi tofu - deep fried tofu in a mushroom broth. Really good, but almost disproportionately too much. Or maybe we were just to full as we ate this at the end of our 10 course feeding frenzy.4. enoki fries - deep friend enoki mushrooms. Ok, but not my favorite. The saltiness overshadowed any other flavor.5. green seaweed salad - awesome, simply awesome. We ordered this twice.6. giant clam sashimi with salt on the side - I don't know how else to describe this other than wonderful. 7. sticky rice - a sticky rice dish with chicken and veggies mixed in. Subtle flavors, but I prefer a little more seasoning.8. okonomiyaki - tasted great, no complaints here.9. monk fish liver - last but certainly not least. Loved, loved, loved this. We ordered this a second time. I've never had monk fish liver. It is very mild, not minerally, and tasted incredible in the ponzu sauce. Bravo Tokyo Go Go for this dish!Couple Tokyo Go Go with Brother's Drake mead and you've got an incredible meal. The service is friendly, the chefs are personable, and this is a truck that needs more love and notoriety. I'm so glad to have stopped by, and I will absolutely be back.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/23/2013,45,155,,4,2>Read an article about the Oilerie and finally made it over to Grandview recently. The lady working there was super friendly and helpful; we wanted a good flavorful olive oil and balsamic vinegar for summer salads (specifically caprese!) and she steered us in the right direction, and also offered other recipes for things we like. The connection they have with their farmer in Italy was so interesting to hear about, and everything about this place is quality, right down to the packaging.It was really hot out the day we went by, and she offered to hold onto our purchases while we spent the afternoon wandering Grandview, which we really appreciated.I will be going back when fall comes around for some truffle oil. It smelled and tasted divine, and I'm compiling cold weather recipe ideas to use it!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,11/22/2013,129,540,2,4,4>I lived a couple blocks from Schiller Park for half a year, and really liked the walkability of the neighborhood. It was a dangerously short walk to Pistacia Vera and the Book Loft (both places where money just disappeared from my bank account).  I also walked to Scioto Audubon often, which is a lovely newish park just across High St. Be careful for signs about parking as some streets are permit restricted while the next street over isn't.  The younger demographic leans more towards yuppies and less towards hipsters, if that makes any sense, but you'll see some of everything when strolling around Schiller, including lots of puppies.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,11/21/2013,94,224,2,4,3>Here is your list of things to do:GET the Spicy chicken on rice. ADD the side of feta cheese. It's helps with the heatAlso had the tabbouleh salad. Yummy. The Greek salad is very good too... BIG for a side salad!Ohhhhhhh soooooo goooooood!!!!!I love this new location... much closer to home... much better part of town too, though this is a much smaller location.I keep getting the same thing.... because its soooo good... duh....Everything else I see others get looks great too, but I just can't tear myself away from the spicy chicken!!!  YES, its that good!Anyway... go here, get that, be stuffed, leave happy!!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/20/2013,181,124,,4,3>After months of avoiding this place (because it is evidently SO delicious that the wait for a table routinely exceeds 90 minutes), I finally caved. We decided to go for a late lunch on a very hot Saturday afternoon in the hopes that it would be less crowded.Sure enough, we were one of five parties in the restaurant. Let me first say that I love the furnishings! The chairs have this modern/industrial look and feel to them - I wanted to purchase a set to take home for my kitchen. In addition, the patio area looked tres adorable, but due to the stifling heat, we opted to eat inside.After perusing the menu rather quickly, we decided to do salad and pizza. Our waitress informed us that the salads would feet 2 people, so we ordered two (there were three of us). Wow, was our waitress misinformed! These could have easily fed four! Luckily, the Caesar and Greek Salads were delish so we were happy to box them up to enjoy another time.We also ordered a large pizza - half pepperoni and half grape, at the waitress' recommendation. Apparently, they are known for their grape pizza (which has red grapes, gorgonzola and rosemary) so we HAD to sample their signature pie. Surprisingly, it was phenomenal! Can't wait to return and sample more of their menu.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/19/2013,8,19,3,5,2>Maybe you'll be struck with the fact that they're open until eleven in a town that vanishes off the map at ten.  Maybe you'll be struck with how delicious they're coal-baked pizza is.  Or maybe, if you're like me, you'll be thankful at how forgiving your server is when you blurt out a comment like "I'm semi-vegan".  Semi-vegan?  Did I really say that?  I guess I did, and our server forgave me for it and made me feel at home.  This, to me, is Natalie's.It's smart, it's upbeat, it's a little upscale, and it's bleeding-heart genuine.  If you're vegetarian (semi-vegan...pfft, please...don't hate me for that one), then do yourself a favor and try the hummus.  Somehow our pal Natalie turns salt and pepper into something rich and delicious in her hummus.  And if you happen to be a *real* vegan, then they'll do everything they can to accomodate you.  You won't go hungry here.  In fact, the place seems to cater just a little better to vegetarians (and yes, vegans) than to meat lovers.  And the music is loud and captivating, if you came for that.  If not, you can sit outside if it's comfortable.  But beware...if you sit outside in warm weather, make sure to bring your bug spray.  The mosquitoes will devour you alive.We'll be going back to Natalie's for a lot of reasons, but I think in the end,we'll be going back because we felt welcome.  To me, at the end of the day, that's everything.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/18/2013,169,192,,4,1>Woodland's Backyard (formally known as Loose Goose) is great. I hosted an event there a few months ago and they have the largest amount of outdoor seating I've ever seen. The inside is huge too so you really will probably always find a seat. Pros:- Lots of seating- Huge patio- Volleyball tournaments- Right off 670/Grandview- Great bar food- Beer- Fun trivia!Cons:- Kind of hard to hear if trivia is going on- Hard to find if you've never been beforeGreat place to hang out with a large group!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/17/2013,63,56,2,4,2>Went to see a production of Tabboo (sketch comedy of tabboo topics i.e. death, diversity, coming out, etc.). I had such a blast and was blown away by how talented the performers are! I have to admit I'm not a broadway expert by any means, so I don't have much comparison, but these people can sing and act! Feels more like NYC than Columbus, Ohio. The show itself was hilarious! One of my favorite sketches was about the politically correct culture we live in and how much advertisers think about diversity awareness in commercials. I wont' say anymore so as not to spoil it. So funny and so true. I heeded the advice of previous yelpers and did not eat dinner there. The prices are steep for both drinks and food. 2 beers + 2 wines = $23? Okay I guess. I do like that your servers are the performers of the show - definitely a cool twist. Be aware that at intermission you will be hit up by these performers to buy tickets, donate to charity, etc. It can feel a bit like walking through a mall and trying to avoid the phone kiosks. "Hey wanna buy a phone??" Overall though, I had an amazing time!! Will definitely go again!  Also, be prepared to sit at a table with strangers. I have no issue with it at all, especially since everyone there is super friendly, but something to keep in mind if only a group of 2.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,11/16/2013,22,70,1,6,4>Not sure how I have not written a review about this place yet. I LOVE IT.. mead is always delicious, the staff friendly and knowledgeable of mead. The variations of mead are nice as well as their local ohio beer selection. Good place to hang with a few friends and always have a good band or two playing.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,11/15/2013,278,274,2,4,3>I think I'm in love. Moscow and Kentucky mules served in copper, 4 pinball games - go for twilight zone-, Tron, burger time, mortal kombats, Simpsons, TMNT - pure awesome. Clean rr's, great happy hours till 8 pm, $3 cans of the Dutch Oranjeboom.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,11/14/2013,84,263,,6,1>I have to say, I love Apropos for what it is. A lot of people are confused about exactly that -- what it actually is. For me, Caffe Apropos is a chill spot I can read or work, grab a coffee or glass of wine to enjoy while hanging out and leave when I'm done -- with all judgment spared on why someone is sitting alone with a bottle of wine while working. I've also used Apropos as a place to meet up with study-friends or for a quick board game, which they have for anyone to use. I've also taken advantage of their wine carryout (a nice accompaniment when I'm grabbing Katalina's to go). It really is awesome that you can buy a $10-$15 bottle, they cork it for free and then you can leisurely (or not so leisurely) drink away. There aren't many places you can enjoy 4 glasses of wine for $10...Their food isn't that great, I'd say basics like bagels and cream cheese are the way to go. The hummus platter is your best bet for something a bit more filling. They offer happy hour drink & food specials, like pizzas & beer for $8 or so, but the pizza isn't really worth it in my opinion. They don't allow food from anywhere else (I'm guessing Katalina's became a problem), so don't try to smuggle.I wish there were more places like Caffe Apropos...I think their 'identity crisis' benefits everyone -- make them whatever you want them to be. With free wifi AND a patio, how can you refuse?
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,11/13/2013,61,84,4,4,4>What the heck have I been doing, why has it taken me so long to review Jeni's?  Well better late then never. So much to say, I hope this review comes out clear.. Well I will start with the location. It's right off high st. next to that huge line wrapping around the building, (oh wait that's the line to Jeni's) with good reason, all the Ice cream is locally sourced, and each and every ingredient is so unique. My mouth waters as I write.They serve the ice cream in many different ways, Bambi cone (1 scoop) a regular (two scoops) and a large (3 scoops) or, you could get a Sunday which is like 3 scoops on top of what they call gravel, (which is a choice of either doughnut pieces, shag bark, bagel, cocoa nuggets, benneseed and graham) with toppings like hand whipped cream, and roasted strawberries. Idk man, you just have to try it once.Now as far as what sets Jeni's apart from other ice cream places has to be the way she buys only the freshest and locally sourced food and incorporates them into her ice cream, all the money that keeps that business alive is circulating in Ohio. And she pays her employees well, to show how much they mean to her. So when you add all that together, yeah the price of Jeni's can seem steep compared to other places; But there is good reason behind it. And if that isn't enough to sway you into thinking her prices are reasonable, consider this, Jeni actually only makes .10 cents per pint. I don't know what more I can say other then the ice cream really shows the love and dedication that goes into making it. Just one taste and you'll be hooked, I dare you to prove me wrong.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/12/2013,42,170,2,8,7>I was tremendously impressed with Wolf's Ridge when I went there for brunch on Saturday.  The space is beautiful.  It's a long room with white brick walls and light-colored wood floors.  The whole front of the restaurant is glass, so there is a ton of natural light during daylight hours.  There are long tables going down the middle of the restaurant and shorter tables lining the walls.  The bar is settled in at the back with a nice looking stainless bar top.The food was excellent too.  My wife had the best toad in the hole ever and I had a very good chorizo and corn omelette.  Portion sizes were reasonable and the quality was top notch. The service was good.  We sat at the bar and had a friendly, knowledgeable, attentive bartender.  He was quick with recommendations when we requested them and he was nice to chat with.The beer list is good.  While Wolf's Ridge is a brewery, they're still in the starting phases, so they only have one of their own beers right now, an IPA.  It was very tasty.  I might quibble with categorizing it as an IPA, as it is the most malt-forward IPA I've ever had and not much of a hop flavor.  However, I was there to drink the beer, not judge it, and I enjoyed it.  The other taps were filled with quality craft beers, and there was a good bottle and can selection too.  You could tell that someone really cultivated the beer list instead of just throwing a bunch of random good beers into the cooler because everything seemed to fit well together.It was pretty empty when we were there.  I suspect because the place is still so new, but this immediately became our favorite brunch spot (in part because it wasn't crowded).  I'm guessing that will change shortly and this will become a very hot spot with crowds of people, because this place is too good to miss.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,11/11/2013,14,62,3,1,2>This place reminds me of the bubble tea cafe places I've been to in the bay area, etc... Cozy, friendly, and good bubble tea.Maybe I have been to so many bubble tea places, that everything here tastes the same? Or maybe I am just bias because I feel happy every time I have bubble tea? Maybe I just have good timing. I don't know, but what I do know is that if I have a craving for bubble tea, this really hits the spot.I am not a big fan of the slush bubble teas (snow), my sister is, but I like the regular old jasmine milk tea boba. The desserts are yummy, and I know that people don't like them in the little plastic baggies. But it makes them portable, and less prone to being contaminated with airborne particulates. :)Good ol' fashioned asian comfort...  Try it. You won't regret it... It is cheap enough that if you end up not liking it you're not out more than 5 or 7 bucks.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,11/10/2013,67,179,2,5,3>It seems that after a couple of weeks being open, they have smoothed out some of the kinks that others have mentioned. We came in on a Saturday evening around 8 with a group of 6, and were able to snag the window seats. This is prime people-watching territory, right in the heart of the Short North. The stools at the counter are comfortable, and this is something I noticed right away, as I typically can't stand sitting in high stools with my short legs. Between the 6 of us, we ordered a good sampling of the menu:-BBQ duck wings- yes! These were fantastic- a bit pricey, maybe...coming in at $13 for 4 wings, served over a scoop of their potato salad. But the flavor was so perfect and the meat was nice and moist inside a crispy fried breading. -the breakfast grits with chorizo and cheddar- For the price, they were great. Just the right amount of cheddar, though I agree they could have had more chorizo. Very yummy though.-Hush puppies- I am not a fan of hush puppies, but these babies had so much flavor, and were served with an awesome sauce. You must get these~-Coneys- Small, messy, but totally worth it. We got the works, so I'm sure the slaw added to the sloppiness.-Johnnycake sliders- the pork was great, and a creative way of serving them between two cornmeal cakes. -Biscuits and gravy- A sweet gravy with spicy andouille sausage. Very good and filling.-Mug cake for dessert- nutella cake and fresh whipped cream served warm in a mug-super rich and delicious!A small but well-rounded beer list. Great up-scale diner atmosphere. Server was attentive and personable. My one and only complaint was that the napkins were cheap and fell apart, and they didn't give us any more besides the one our silverware was wrapped in. Big woop.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,11/9/2013,134,190,3,11,9>As I've greatly enjoyed Portia's vegan-friendly food at the Clintonville Community Market for a few years, and have followed her journey toward being a restaurateur since she first publicized it, I was very excited to hear that her restaurant had finally opened! I was also shocked that many of my fellow Yelpers had visited and written reviews before I did - as you'd expect The Vegan Guy to be the first, right? Well, budgets and timing and all that, I just got around to trying it out, and I wasn't disappointed.First, aside from honey for the tea, this place is vegan. Not just vegan-friendly (a euphemism, in my book, for "I hope they didn't cook the chicken quesadillas right next to my vegan entree on the grill!" and "Is that a real hot dog, or the vegan one that I ordered?") but straight up vegan. True, there are many options at Portia's for aficionados of raw, organic, local, and even gluten-free - but my only requirement is vegan (which encompasses all of the food). Portia's Cafe makes it easy for me; I just order, knowing it'll be vegan. The only other place I can order and not worry about my food being tainted by animal products is Hal & Al's, but I can't eat bar food every day.Oh, and Portia's is not just vegan, but healthy vegan too, which is rare in Columbus. If I had to choose a single restaurant that I'd love to see stick around, it would be Portia's, because this world needs more healthy vegan places.I'll go over a few things that were a little weird first, and then talk about the super wins:* It's strange how they talk about their super filtered water on the menu, but the water still tasted like the "zombie sweat" we get at every other restaurant. Odd.* Some of the food was spot-on, but a few items weren't well-integrated or had the wrong salt/spice balance. For example: I had the burrito as my entree, and I had to bite one end (wrap/lettuce) and then the other (the "stuff" in the center, with vegan cheese,beans and rice) to make it taste like a burrito. When I took my first bite, I just got lettuce and wrap, which wasn't a burrito, it was just lettuce. Also had the dip sampler, and found that of the four, two were overly salty, while the avocado (guacamole) was perfect, and one of them was just confusing to my palette flavor-wise. Again, it says right on the menu that they're tweaking recipes and trying to improve things as they go along.Now, onto the cool things....I want to mention that it appears a lot of time was spent on the decor - with large, painted, wooden flowers on on the walls, with a really bright palette of colors!Someone mentioned a weird food-prep to server ratio. I saw that people were prepping and delivering food to tables at a decent rate.I did enjoy the opportunity to select two of three options to go along with the dip sampler: rice crackers, corn tortilla chips and veggies. The fresh veggies worked well with the more salty dips, and the salty tortilla chips worked well with the less-salty dips. You just have to figure out which one is which. And by the time you read this, the recipes may have changed, and the salt-flavor balance might already be adjusted. Who knows?Moving on, I did enjoy the raw broccoli soup, although it might take some folks a little getting used to raw soup in general. It was raw, and chilled, and I did enjoy it. If you're a fan of cheesy broccoli soup, this is not it. This stuff is way healthier and, in my opinion, has a ton more flavor.As mentioned the burrito entree was good, but I had to take little bites from each end, just to make a single bite that combined all the flavors enough to make what I believe was the intended burrito flavor. Again, it was one of those salt-and-flavor on one end, no-salt-and-minimal-flavor on the other. When they tell you the burrito is messy and offer you a fork, take the fork, and ask for a few napkins: the burritos are messy. Plus, you can elect not to eat it like a burrito, and just rip it apart into smaller pieces, mixing things up, and making it a little more homogenized and burrito flavored throughout. But that's just me.They had a few beverage options in the cooler, such as my favorite sparkling water (San Pellegrino) and some Kombucha teas.Ending on a sweet note, the raw, avocado-based chocolate pudding is to die for! It doesn't matter if you love or hate avocados, you'll love this stuff.  It's a smooth, creamy, chocolatey, vegan's dessert dream! And Portia's two raw cheesecake options (pineapple and berry) are amazing as well. I've actually had these desserts many times in the past, in little containers at the Clintonville Community Market, so I know how awesome they are.Overall, I think the world would be a healthier place with more restaurants like Portia's. Her food is truly better for you and the planet. Plus, I love the idea of food being both healthy and awesome-tasting. Now, who's up for sharing a bit vat of chocolate pudding?
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,11/8/2013,6,101,,4,1>A little bit of a hidden gem, but getting a ton of publicity so I don't know if that is the case anymore.  it doesn't seem like much from the outside and can be a little intimidating on the inside, but it is so worth it.  Al Pastor tacos.  It's what they're best known for and there is a reason why.  Crazy fresh and flavorful.  Honestly, it was one of those tastes where after my first bites I was wondering if tacos were always supposed to taste like this and I had just been punishing myself with inferior products before.  The rest of the menu is more authentic and exotic.  I'll be honest; I haven't tried it.  I stick with my tacos - which are also crazy cheap.  Line can be long at times and english is definitely second language.  I typically grab my order to go, which requires no more than 5-10 minutes at most.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,11/7/2013,53,580,1,6,4>Welcome to Hilliard!I am excited to see this new addition to a once horrible little strip that now boasts a decent deli and bakery.  I ordered 3 cupcakes for around $7 with one being the special.  I did not taste any of them as they were for one of my classes.  It also would go against my diet plan for the next few weeks.  My students gave it thumbs up especially the one who had the red velvet cupcake.  She said it was moist and very tasty.  The vanilla cupcake with vanilla frosting was the other choice.  They have mini cupcakes for $.50-$1 depending on type.  They have filled cupcake for around $3.Now they also have a variety of cookies and cakes.  They have a chocolate chip cookie sandwich with buttercream icing that I am waiting for a cheat day to gobble down.  They carry donuts from the "The Little Donut Factory" in Hilliard and sell them BOGO after 4 pm.  This place already seems to be doing well as there were numerous people visiting the establishment.  Great addition to Hilliard and a few tables to seat and eat dessert inside.  I will be back.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,11/6/2013,55,62,,4,5>I love the concept of wine dispensers like those at House Wine!  I first discovered the idea in New Orleans about 3 years ago and was super thrilled to learn we had such a wine bar right here in little ole Columbus. I can taste multiple bottles for little cash, and the "just a taste" option limits waste when I try a wine that does not make my taste buds dance. My only recommendation with the concept is to offer clean glasses. I'm a bit of a germaphobe and prefer not to mix flavors. The selection of wines for purchase is expansive with varied price points, and the staff is helpful. Donnie, the owner, was extremely helpful to me about a year ago when my husband accidentally gave away a bottle I had bought myself as a birthday gift. Donnie was able to locate my purchase based on the date and tell me exactly which wines I bought that day. Since they did not have another bottle of that particular wine in stock, he ordered it for me and called when it arrived. The location is convenient and in a very cute part of Worthington. Because the parking lot is shared by a handful of small businesses, it can get tight on the weekend. However, House Wine is totally worth it!!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,11/5/2013,49,218,3,9,4>I am doing a 30 day vegan challenge and wanted to try a vegan restaurant in Columbus. Banana Leaf came highly recommended by a few friends, so Friday night, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. The Bethel Road area has so many culinary gems running along it and Banana Leaf is another to add to the list! All the dishes here are vegetarian or vegan. No meat at all. They have an extensive menu, but my boyfriend and I decided to both get the buffet so we could try a little bit of everything. The waitress, who may also be the owner/manager, was so helpful in explaining how the buffet worked and what everything was. Speaking of how the buffet works, it's a little different here than any other buffet I've ever had. To start, they serve you about 6 different appetizers tableside. Each one was so unique and delicious. Once the last appetizer comes out, you get the hot buffet. When we went, there were several vegetable curries, steamed rice, and side dishes, as well as coconut chutney and a side salad of onions, tomatoes, and peppers. The buffet also has 2 choices for dessert and your choice of mango lassi or mango juice and you get fresh bread with the meal. And the night we went, EVERYTHING was vegan(except the lassi, which I didn't have). It was amazing. I didn't miss meat or cheese or dairy one little bit and everything was so flavorful. And the entire thing for dinner was $14.99, which I thought was a great deal for all the fresh, tasty food we got. This restaurant was for sure something a little out of my comfort zone and if I wasn't trying a vegan diet this month, I don't know if I would have tried it otherwise. But after going, I can see this becoming a regular spot even after I go back to being somewhat of a carnivore. Even my boyfriend, who loves meat, said it was one of the best meals he's had. We already have told our friends about it and can't wait to go back with them. Try it out, it's a truly unique dining experience.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,11/4/2013,126,38,,7,3>I've had good Mediterranean food. I've even had really good Mediterranean food. But I had not had truly exceptional Mediterranean food until I finally made it to The Olive Tree in Hilliard. It's about as far from where I live as it's possible to be and still be in Columbus, but you better believe we'll be back.Based on scores of Yelp raves, we knew to start with the Trio appetizer and it did not disappoint - rather, it was spectacular. We went with the hummus, spicy feta and vegetarian Grape leaves. All in all, a sassy flavor party for the mouth. That spicy feta dip is amazing - and spicy! The hummus was so fresh as to be mind-blowing. I know hummus, and this stuff is the bomb. Right around this point, the owner (who also prepares more than 80% of the food he said) came over and chatted us up. To me, that's the sign of a really special eating establishment. He spent lots of time with us and we really enjoyed talking with him.For our meals, we got a gyro platter (came with a lovely salad) and kebab platter (likewise). Both were excellent. The ubiquitous dipping sauce was perfectly spiced and flavorful. The veggies were fresh and meat perfectly seasoned and prepared. If you like this kind of food, you will LOVE Olive Tree. If you don't think you like this kind of food, don't write it off until you've tried it here. It's better than can be believed.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,11/3/2013,193,583,2,3,3>I came here for $1 grilled cheese Mondays. And the grilled cheese is just ok. Like it's nothing special and could use a little more cheese in the filling, but I can't complain for a buck. But oh man, my friend ordered a cup of tomato soup to go with it and my gosh. The transformation is magical. Split a cup of soup with someone to dip the grilled cheese in, it's some of the best tomato soup I've had and just a fantastic combo. The ambiance is cute and the rest of the menu looks tantalizing so I can definitely see myself returning sometime soon. Also because I spotted mead on the menu and I really want to try mead...
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,11/2/2013,67,792,,6,3>Went back today.  Well, went to their new location today, and went on one of the bus tours they're doing this summer.CHS is now located at COSI, just to the right of the main entrance.  Much more accessible and open than the old house it was in (though that was pretty cool.)  Right now there's a display about Asians in Columbus, and one about music and sports; next month there will be one about Ohio Stadium.The bus tour was fun; the guide was knowledgeable and we learned a lot.  I definitely recommend the tour for anyone at all interested in Columbus history, and the displays for anyone at all- take visiting friends there, stop by next time you go to COSI, etc.  Well worth it.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/1/2013,120,79,,2,1>I had a great experience when shopping for a bike at Performance Bicycle.  The prices are competitive and staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  They are not pushy at all and do not try to push you towards the most expensive bikes if those are not suitable for you.  I came in and told them I haven't had a bike since I was about 12 and wanted something for beginners.  They stuck with entry level bikes that were perfect for my needs at this current time.  They are always running sales and have a great points system for returning costumers.  I  will definitely be bad when I'm ready for an upgrade.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,10/31/2013,31,164,,7,7>The five stars are for the superb service my mom and I received when we popped in about half an hour before closing. Although I feel a little guilty coming into a restaurant that late, knowing that some of the staff will be working later than they might like as a result, no one at Cap City expressed any frustration or weariness about it.Our server, Jeff, was a doll. He came over and was in the middle of telling us the specials. Soon as he started talking about the meat, meat, meat, my mom broke in, pointed at me, and said, "Vegan." Now... there are more animal products I avoid than those I eat, but I never claim to be a vegan. My mother knows this. I think she was trying to make the moment funny by stopping the server in his tracks. Unfortunately, it wasn't very funny, and it made it too awkward for me to order the very non-vegan shrimp I had my eye on.But what it did do was give Jeff the chance to show how considerate and helpful he and the diner as a whole could be when faced with a customer with dietary restrictions. The menu has a few things on it suitable for ovo-lacto vegetarians but literally nothing ready-made for vegans (y'know, aside from beverages). Anything one might want would need to be modified in some way. As we discovered, they're more than happy to modify. Jeff checked on the contents of the black bean burger for me and reported back apologetically that it has egg in it. Not easily modifiable. But (he noted)! ...the dish uninspiringly called "Seasonal Vegetable Plate" gets its dousing of dairy after the food is prepared, and so it might be a good option.My mom and I decided to split this dish. What's more, Jeff asked the kitchen -- and the kitchen complied -- to make one half vegan and one half not. So mom's was slathered in butter and goat cheese and mine wasn't. And let me tell you about this dish. Ok, so if you saw "Seasonal Vegetable Plate" on a menu, would it grab your attention and shout to you, "Order me!" in a plaintive plea? No, me neither. Despite being the one item on the menu that sounds critter product-free, the name would fill my brain with visions of bland steamed carrots and broccoli, and I would pass right by it. But that's not what this is.It has veggies, yes, but it also has some really tasty hummus and plenty of pita bread. It has a fluffy wild rice side with bits of everything in it, including some flavorful cherries that complement the wild rice perfectly. The veggies are anything but bland and certainly not steamed but roasted and juicy. And if you're not me dining out with my overzealous mother, you get goat cheese, too. This "vegetable" plate, which is more like a vegetarian feast, is a secret in plain view on the menu. (As a side note, the lack of butter did not deter from the dish one bit, as far as I could tell.)And the strawberry-basil lemonade was pretty kickass, too.So:* Polite service despite our late arrival.* Server bent over backward to help customer find something she'd be happy with.* House happy to not only split a dish but prepare it differently for each half. (My mom picked up the check, so I don't know if they charged a split dish fee.)* No one rushed us out when we finished past closing time; in fact, our server offered us dessert.If this isn't five-star service, I don't know what is.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,10/30/2013,18,101,,5,3>We absolutely loved Tandoori Grill.  They really do have awesome decor - we were very surprised based on the 'strip mall' facade on Bethel Rd.  Right next door to Banana Leaf (which we also love!), this place is easy to find, with a big parking lot out front.First, the service really could not have been better.  They took our order right away and our appetizer (chicken samosas) was out within five minutes.  They checked our drinks, and were super nice and attentive.  We didn't have to ask for the check, which I love.  But the food - wow.  Spicy just the way we like it.  The naan was light and chewy, perfect.  My husband's goat karahi was delicious, and my chicken tikka masala was peppery and amazing.  Even the rice was beautiful - how do they get some of the pieces orange?  haha.  We will DEFINITELY be back to Tandoor Grill.  Couldn't have been a better experience.Note: there was a TV on quietly (Pawn Stars, I think, lol), so if you don't like that sort of thing, sit towards the back.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,10/29/2013,124,232,4,5,2>The Ohio State Fair.......like most people...I go for food and people watching. That's mostly all it's good for anymore.  As trashy and ghetto as it can sometimes be now...I still enjoy going. I went this past Thursday and had a great time! The weather was perfect and the food was amazing! We heard the All State Ohio Youth Choir sing and they were incredible! Didn't really see any other shows or do half the things I wanted to. As for the food, the turkey leg was freakin' amazing! And yes, I felt like a cave man knawing at the bone! I saw the deep fried gummy bears and asked the guy about them (as it didn't sound appetizing at ALL!). He said that they taste like a jelly filled donut, which sparked my interest! Who doesn't like a jelly filled donut??!  Alas, I still didn't give in. Just way over the top for me!I went down the big slide with my sister (who is older than me) and had a blast.  I don't do many of the rides as they make me sick. But it appeared they had a nice array of rides...if you're so inclined. So yeah, I'm going again today! LOL!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,10/28/2013,125,159,2,6,4>Glad to see Kuhlweins open a full fledged farmer's market.  They have been doing a good job with the "roadside stand" type of market, fall hayrides and pumpkin sales, and of course the recently stopped Halloween attraction.Now they are focusing on homemade soups and sandwiches, high end meats and cheese (egg salad, ham salad, potato salad) and Ohio products (honey, sausages, pies, cheesecakes, jams & jellies, maple stuff) from around the state.   Great idea!!!  Here is a quick tip, the Italian Sub is one of the best I have ever had, no joke!!! It takes a while to prepare, but it is worth it - huge sub with several kinds of meat and cheese, their homemade secret sub sauce, made to order and served hot - enough for 2 if you want to share.  Delicious and a throwback to your favorite pizza shop!  I can't wait until further into summer when all the fresh produce starts coming in from around the state.   Definitely check this place out if you are out looking for a great farmer's market.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,10/27/2013,93,276,2,4,3>Let me tell you something about myself you may not know: I am a born Southerner.  Born to two Southern parents. I may have moved a lot in my life thanks to my dad being in the Navy, but you can't ever really take the Southerness away. This girl loves her good old Southern style cooking. Fried chicken was one of my mom's specialties and was always treated like a big deal special treat because it took so much preparation and clean up. It is one of my ultimate comfort foods. And you know how most of us kids feel about our momma's cooking...That being said, for me to give a place with "Fried Chicken" in the name anything higher than a 3-star rating is a pretty big deal. I compare it not only to every other chicken joint, but I also compare it to my dear old mom's. Mya's, while not my most favoritest chicken place in Columbus (yes, my mom lives here now, but I'm actually thinking of another...), is so high on my list. Not only is the chicken super tasty, but those side dishes are seriously banging. Let's talk about those mashed potatoes for a second. LIttle bit of skin, slightly lumpy, a little bit of tang and just the right amount of gravy makes those bad boys something to drool over. Seriously, I'm drooling right now.If you see the truck set-up, don't be afraid of the line, the food might take a while to get to you, but it's definitely worth it.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,10/26/2013,39,170,1,9,3>A new go-to place in BlacklickThis is a newer restaurant in Blacklick, and what a find.It's very cute on the inside; bamboo flooring, Asian tapestries on the walls, and colorful lighting.We ordered Shrimp Tempura Roll,  Kung Pao Double Delight, Crispy Red Snapper, String Bean in Garlic Sauce with Chicken, and Samba Delight; everyone was very happy with their meals, however, we would have liked for the Kung Pao, String Beans, and Samba to be spicier; we will order it that way next time.The service was good.We will definitely make another trip, and explore the menu further.  I am excited to try the Tom Yum Soup, and more sushi.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,10/25/2013,57,35,4,2,6>Make way dukes and duchesses, barons and baronesses: The Daily Growler is the KING of craft beer in Columbus. With over sixty, six zero, 60, tap handles- there are always 59 tapped kegs of delicious, handmade, lovingly-poured, craft brewed goodness awaiting to tantalize your tastebuds.The owner, John, is a spectacular man. Friendly and eclectic, John diligently updates the internet with the daily special- a full 64oz growler filled to the brim with delicately fizzing libation.The Daily Growler functions on an anachronistic "milk man" system that conjures up quaint memories of a time in which I wasn't even conceived. You pay $4 up-front for a growler that you return and swap-out for a fresh, clean one each time. It completely avoids all the craft brewers pretension about growlers being a disgusting, crass disgrace of a receptacle for their prized beverage.Furthermore, the DG happy hour lasts from 4-8pm offering incredible discounts on pints (50% off) and on the 5oz pours (25% off). So you can go and get loaded off a huge selection when those hard days at the office get you down.The DG is bring-your-own-food (BYOF) so often times we find ourselves cooking up a great homemade meal and taking it over to the DG to have some great beer to go right alongside it.DG has plenty of seating compartmentalized into two different rooms- one nearer the bar with long wooden benches and another farther in the back with two large TVs and lightweight, but sturdy machined aluminum chairs.As a beer aficionado, The Daily Growler has endured many a visit from me now since it opened a short while ago. I am proud to say that it is one of my new favorite places and we'll be making plenty of room for it on the regular around-town rotation.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,10/24/2013,13,61,3,5,3>Looking for a smashing good time in a classy place? This is the perfect spot. Sidebar gives that great feeling of being in an upscale place, but one that's not to pretentious. You can go here and have a relaxed good time with your friends, or have a great night with that special someone. The atmosphere is very clean, classy and classic. The drinks brought me in, with tales of classic cocktails done very well, and they are brilliant. You'll usually find me with a dark and stormy, but it's always a tough choice when I look at the drink menu. The food is spectacular, everything I've had to eat there has been awesome. And it's no typical bar/restaraunt food, we're the dishes are as fancy as the cocktails, with highlights like lobster ravioli, veal shank, paella, and ceviche. Super bonus: Tuesday happy hour (5-7) They stuff you full of free tapas while you drink. This is possibly the best deal I've ever seen. But wait! Theres more! There are also a basement and 2'nd floor that may be open for certain occasions, which means you may get some live tunes, or be able to host your own event here!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,10/23/2013,38,155,3,5,3>Been here at least twice now... for dinner one evening with my BFF and for Dim Sum one Saturday with another friend. I don't claim to be an expert in authenticity of Chinese food - especially Dim Sum - but I do eat a heck of a lot of it and I think this place is pretty good =). The friend I went to Dim Sum with is Malaysian but of Chinese descent and she thought it was pretty good. (I had to explain Dim Sum to another friend afterwards who had never heard of it. I described it as Chinese tapas. But it sort of reminds me a Brazillian Steakhouse too in  that they just keep bringing you food!) I've only been to Dim Sum a few times ever (and always with a guide =)). Some reviewers have said if you're used to Dim Sum in China or California or wherever, you won't be impressed. OK. But I'll go ahead and say if you're a casual Dim Sum-er like me, or a first timer, you'll probably like it. At the end we were both nice and full and spent about $10 each. I'd definitely go back.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,10/22/2013,42,96,,4,2>I never bothered to stop at the old Weber Market, but even so there's no doubt its new incarnation as Savor Growl is a definite improvement.Savor Growl offers a pretty broad selection of bottled beer, and wine as well, but it's real raison d'etre are the sixty craft brews on-tap that you can select from to fill up your growler.  You can buy a growler at Savor, or bring your own that you purchased elsewhere, they're fine with it either way.  And yes, you heard me, sixty different brews.It's a pretty nice beer selection - lots of standout craft brews (Rogue, Ommegang, Dogfish Head), a solid representation of local brews, and all straight out of the tap.  Price-wise there is definite value once you get past the purchase of the growler (which at 7 bucks is hardly an impediment).Draught craft brews you can take and drink in the comfort of your own home.  What's not to like?
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/21/2013,114,214,,3,2>Get the torta.  Get the torta.  Get the torta.  It is awesome!  Get a little chicken on there, and you'll be one happy camper.  It was pretty filling too, not a bad deal for $6.99.  Service does take a little while, but you can go inside the grocery store to get yourself a Mexican Coke or a dessert while you wait.  I also had a pork taco.  It was good but nothing special; I did really like whatever salsa came with it as it had a nice kick.  Overall, this is definitely a tasty option if you are in this area and have a hankerin' for authentic Mexican.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/20/2013,82,24,1,8,4>Like their sister company, Columbus Food Adventures, CBA does a great job of giving you an inside look at different aspects of the local scene.While CFA is a great way to explore Columbus' culinary scene, CBA is a great look into the micro-breweries and micro-distilleries in Columbus and the region.Being able to speak directly to the brewmasters as they describe their beers (and provide generous samples) is a really fun experience. A few of the brewers also taught us about some of the science behind brewing as well.We were provided food from Columbus Brewing Company to start out the tour which not only provided a safe foundation for hours of imbibing, but was pretty darn delicious as well.We then traveled to three other local micro-breweries, each one providing a different take on the subject. We met one-on-one with the brewmasters at each of the subsequent stops and were able to ask questions, tour the facilities and get to know them.All in all, it was a great experience and I really can't wait to try some of their other tours!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,10/19/2013,84,108,2,2,3>I have been to Wall Street quite a few times to see a show performed by the Imagine Productions theatre company. Though Wall Street is quite a bit sketchy from the outside (aka. it looks like a scary, dark ally you do not want to walk down on alone), AND there is nothing super welcoming from the outside view, once you walk in it is amazing. It is clean, and it is super accommodating for the Imagine Productions crew and their shows. They usually have great drink specials, generally a bartender will wait on you during the show, and the shows are phenomenal! Imagine is stepping up their game, and visiting them at Wall Street is worth it.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,10/18/2013,37,214,,6,4>I am so happy that I saw the review for this place on Yelp. We needed a good beer store on this side of town... and now we have one!This is like beer candyland. It's a small, nicely laid out store with an impressive selection of small, craft beers and international highlights. The owner, Mike, was friendly, chatty, and very knowledgeable. We intended to only pick up a 6 pack. But, we walked out with a mixed 6-pack, a 4-pack, and a bottle of the rare Ommegang Take the Black Stout. And we saw a bunch of stuff that we want to go back and grab. In short, this is a great addition to our neighborhood. The store is warm, inviting and filled with treasures. They have a cooler so you can pick up some chilled beers and a rapid chiller for those that you need chilled right away. If you're in the area, you should stop by!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,10/17/2013,12,60,,3,2>Number of visits: ~10 (I eat here often currently)Most recent visit: 5/2013This is such a great place. There is nothing bad at all to say about it.  It's possibly my favorite spot to eat in all of Columbus.  It feels like a family-run place, and you feel like they care about you when you eat here.  Multiple times I've eaten here the manager (or maybe it's the owner I'm not quite sure) has made sure our food has been to our liking.  The service has never been an issue.  It's a pretty small place so you won't be forgotten.The food is outstanding.  I've actually never had an entree other than traditional Greek Gyro because it's so good I can't bring myself to order something else.  It's the best Gyro I've ever had.  The appetizers have also been great.  Last time we got the pita and spinach dip.  Most impressive is that the pita is actually soft and warm, unlike many place you'll go where you get subpar pita.  And as another great alternative, who doesn't like cheese lit on fire for an appetizer?The prices here are also very fair.  The gyro is $7, and I believe $2 to add the fries, which you'll definitely want to do because they're great fries.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,10/16/2013,29,60,3,5,5>You usually read the self proclaimed "the best X in town" with smirk and contempt and skepticism. But, for Yaourt, hold your judgment and try, because it can be, actually, the best frozen yoghurt in Columbus - even with more and more froyo establishments opening up. Look at my review, and you'll see that I rarely rate froyo, simply because I'm not a big fan of this thing. They taste the same for me, and they never satiate me mentally and appetite-ly. But this one is different. Try the salted caramel, mango, peanut butter, and you'll be blown away. Choose your favorite toppings (they have this bubble thing that burst in your mourth, and of course don't forget the mochi)I should say, I left the place, conceding to the self-proclaimed sign and asked for apology for my skepticism and judgment. Sometimes, marketing isn't always deceptive.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,10/15/2013,77,87,5,5,6>I grew up on Chi-chis and Don Pablos as my "mexican" restaurant standard. Since they are goners, when I'm hankering for margaritas, {burrito, taco, enchilada etc.}, mexi-rice and refried beans, Cuco's is my new spot.I've visited for dinner several times since residing in Columbus. We usually hit the tail end of Happy Hour (Weekdays 4-7pm) so we can enjoy an oober grande margarita (frozen or on the rocks) for just $5.75. Salsa and chips are gratis, and there's a salsa bar with other varieties than served. My brother always comes back from the salsa bar with a ramekin of pickled veggies that he loves.Oftentimes, we will order the Queso dip. Do yourself a favor and order the Chico for $2.50. It's seriously liquid gold. Everything we've ordered has been fabulous. The Tri-color Enchiladas are a family favorite--3 enchiladas--1 chicken, 1 beef, and 1 cheese--topped with sauces and tomatoes to look like the Mexican flag. Fajitas come out steaming with all the necessary fixins' to build-your-own deliciousness. Burritos come in two sizes. The entry level size is always plenty since you've been hitting the bottomless chips and salsa since you were seated.Prices are great. You can dine with a margarita for about $20/person which includes tip. Sometimes there is a wait for a few minutes while they clear a table. It's never that long and if you're super starved, belly up to the bar for a few drinks and chips while you wait.As an aside, on my most recent visit I noticed how beautiful every server, bartender or host was. I'd nominate Cuco's as a finalist in "Columbus's Most Attractive Waitstaff" if there were such an award.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/14/2013,33,109,1,4,4>Here is the main reason I love: there are about 7 things on the menu and they are all done well. Don't care for something for everyone, ala Cheesecake Factory. I digress.Started with guac, salsa and chips. They aren't free, but you pay for what you get. Crispy chips, great guac, free refills on chips and salsa.Ordered: Barbaquoa el special taco. Served in little corn tortillas. Great balance between the meat, cheese, avocado.Tostada w chicken; chicken had so much flavor. Chicken was server recommended.Coworkers ordered the gordita which looked killer. Also, I'm a sucker for chalkboard menus (cocktails). Since it was work day lunch, missed imbibing a margarita. Next time!If you love 185 and press grill then you will also love, same owners, same vibe.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,10/13/2013,86,267,1,6,5>Columbus, Ohio has one cemetery above all of 'em:  Green Lawn Cemetery.The official founding date is 1848 but the history found in Green Lawn is something everyone living in and around the Columbus area should see.  The cemetery's chapel mausoleum was designed by Frank Packard.  The spiritual retreat covers 360 acres and is home to wildlife and has bird sanctuary areas, too.  Within the chapel are stained glass windows and mosaics created by Tiffany & Co. of New York.Well-known families and individuals interred at Green Lawn are; (a) Samuel Bush, grandfather and great-grandfather of George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush, U.S. Presidents; S. Bush being the president of Buckeye Steel; (b) Dr. Lincoln Goodale - first practicing physician of Franklinton; (c) Simon Lazarus - Lazarus Department Stores; (d) James Poindexter - conductor on the Underground Railroad and first African American to be elected to Columbus City Council; (e) Eddie Rickenbacker - WWI flying ace; (f) Lucas Sullivant - surveyor/planner of the city of Franklinton in 1797; (g) James Thurber - twentieth century authors, humorist and cartoonist and; (h) honored veterans of every war including the Civil War.You'll recognize the street names of Columbus on the memorials.  Sullivant, Neil, Goodale, to name a few.  The visit I made was in early Spring and the trees and flowers were only in budding stages.  The plan is to return in early Summer when the property has had a good "haircut" and the blossoming is in full force.Green Lawn Cemetery - make the trip.  Well worth it.  Open every day from sun up to sun down.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,10/12/2013,15,79,2,5,1>I own a washer and dryer so my visits to laundromats are few and far between. I only use this service when I need to wash something too large to fit in a normal washing machine.  Doing laundry is not my idea of a good time, but it needs to be done and this is the place to do it! First thing I noticed is the location was clean. Maybe I am just used to scary laundromats on the shaddy side of town, but cleanness is very important since this is the whole reason why I am here. Location is also a huge plus, located in the heart of Clintonville, close to many of my favorite shops. My only negative would be the lack of large capacity washers and dryers, after all this is the main reason why I was there. From the looks of it, they had about three large washers and four large capacity dryers. At the time I arrived these were being used for normal wash loads by other people. There were signs posted to save these large capacity machines for customers like me, it's just a question of people being courteous to other patrons. All in all, I will be back for my laundry needs!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/11/2013,45,139,,3,13>Barcelona and I have enjoyed many wonderful evenings together. The food is always consistent, the scallops are my favorite in town, and they have one of the most beautiful patios in the city. But, this experience went above and beyond.Now, I expect any restaurant to be happy to help when you say you want to propose to your girlfriend there, but Barcelona's management really did exceed my expectations.Here is how it happened: I called and told the hostess about a week ahead of time that I was going to have some very special requests. She told me to go for it and she would take notes. After making all of them I was told that she would have to have her manager call me back because she couldn't approve all of them. No problem.Next day, after some phone tag, I get back with the manager. He is happy to help me with my requests which were: a patio table (they don't do requests for the patio, ever), prosecco to be brought out immediately after the proposal, flowers to be kept in their fridge that I dropped off then brought out with the prosecco, and, here was the odd one, they agreed to hand out notes that I prepared which told the other patio tables what was going on and asked them to take photos with their camera phones and send them to her number. The requests were only a small part of the success of the evening. The real expertise showed that night. Not only did they save us a patio table, but they saved us THE patio table. Smack dab in the middle. The server we had was fantastic, never giving it away with even an eyebrow. The flowers and prosecco went flawlessly. It was even fun when I went inside to use the restroom and the manager is buzzing about when I was going to do it. The comic relief was much needed. The best part though was that not only did they hand out notes, but they shared more details about our night to other guests. One table bought us our prosecco, one woman brought her a handkerchief, and ever last table, at the moment, at our moment was completely focused on her, on the proposal, on us. The energy from the other tables was so tremendous that it is hard to describe.The topper from management was that the manager who set it up with me stayed late so that he could take photos too with his iPad. He had told me earlier in the week he was going home at 4:30 but he was there till we left nearly 3 hours later. I want to believe that other restaurants would have been as willing to help and pulled it off flawlessly but I do have to wonder. Barcelona's rare combination of management and food excellence is second to none and I would, with as high of a recommendation as I can give, encourage you to patronize them with your business. After the night they delivered to both myself and, especially, my new fiance, they deserve nothing but good things going forward.Thank you Barcelona, for a night worth remembering.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,10/10/2013,363,423,,11,6>Do you like to cook?  Then you need to go to Penzey's!  It's housed in an old but very cool looking bank building from the 1950's.  (For trivia buffs, it was a Buckeye Federal Savings and Loan in it's previous life.)This store has everything you can imagine.  Looking for an exotic spice?  Do you need Viet Namese Cinnamon instead of Indonesian Cinnamon.  Got it here!  Got to have some ginger?  Which kind?  Powdered China Ginger, Cracked China Ginger, Sliced China Ginger Root, Crystallized Ginger.....get the picture?They have sample jars with the spices in them so you can open and smell them to get the idea of what each spice is.  Each spice comes in several sizes too.  Another great thing is that they have everything displayed in alphabetical order around the store so it's easy to find what you are looking for.They also have some wonderful blends for those who prefer something ready to go.  I tried the Arizona Dreaming and have tried it on veggies and in stews.  Gives everything a great robust flavor.They also have gift boxes if you want to buy a gift for that foodie friend or family member you know.  I'm thinking Christmas, birthdays and great hostess or wedding gifts here.  Beats giving someone another toaster!And the prices you ask?  Reasonable for the type of store it is.  Plus the quantities you need to buy are small so you can buy several without breaking the bank.For anyone who cooks and I mean really loves cooking, this place definitely needs to be one your list of places to check out next time you are in Upper Arlington.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,10/9/2013,115,228,4,6,5>Thought this was a religious bookstore for about ten years. Oops.Really great selection if you're into smarty-pants books, which I am. If you go to the "fiction" section and looked under Me-, you will not find Twilight--that alone was enough to make me swoon a bit. Their fiction section in general leans toward the literary or higher-quality stuff. If you're into history, you can find a LOT of books . . . primarily with a Civil War focus, if I remember correctly, although other American wars are pretty well represented. Pretty cool rock and roll section. Coffee table books are seriously reasonably-priced here. Two whole sections of art books. Some decent cookbooks at decent prices. Yarncraft books woefully under-represented, but whatever.If you like old, dusty books, head upstairs--you'll find a TON. I almost bought a cookbook that was over a century old, but couldn't quite spare the $20 at the time.Only con: I wish this bookstore were closer to my house.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,10/8/2013,65,187,1,7,6>Really happy to have found this near-downtown lunch spot.  I had the gyro-panini thingy that everyone raves about, and it was fabulous.  The gooey sauce, the buttered and grilled bread - it all worked together.  We sat on the patio which, despite being on State Street, is quiet and pleasant.  It's below street level, so you can kind of spy on the sidewalk without being obvious.  Prices are just right for lunch.  Food is a touch slow, but worth the wait.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,10/7/2013,73,88,4,3,3>Dirty Frank's is certainly a Columbus gem. I've come here to kick off a night, end a night, and recover the morning after at varying occasions and been pleased each time.The unique selection of hot dogs will cause to salivate with anticipation. On my pilgrimages I've tried the Cowgirl Carmen, The Texas Tommy, The Classy Lady,  and The Original Onion. I think my favorite thus far is the Cowgirl Carmen which has coney sauce, cheddar and crushed Fritos.Breakfast is also a great thing to go here for. I absolutely love the egg and coney meat sauce combination. Eating this is a sure fire cure for the hang over from the night before.Honestly Dirty Frank's is just one of those places that works well as a joint you go to after causing some trouble. It's tasty and hot dogs will bring you comfort as the rest of the world spins around you.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2013,10/6/2013,884,714,4,5,4>Nice, divey little gay bar pretty far south in Merion Village. It sits on an otherwise residential looking street corner on a one way street, which can make getting there and finding parking a tad bit more difficult than it might be otherwise. There's a pretty sizable stage inside, although there are support beams that break up the viewing angles pretty dramatically. The bar is a decent sized wrap-around, although the floor space away from that is limited. I was here with a group of friends for a buddy's second ever drag show appearance. The event was a fundraiser for a local non profit. Nothing like handing out dollars to queens to support a good cause! The bartender called me honey, which I've lamented in reviews of other gay bars is something that will always win me over (hint hint female bartenders). He also looked very familiar, but I couldn't place where else I might have seen him. And let me tell you, my oh my, they were pouring some of the strongest mixed drinks I've ever received...for me. The females in the group were not so fortunate. The drinks were cheap and some decent liquor is the same price as the well options so ask what's available.Pro tip: The door sticks and you have to lift it to open it. The bar is not closed and the person who just went in in front of you did not lock you out.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/5/2013,54,186,,7,3>This is an awesome dog park for my 50 lb mix breed dog.  They recently opened up the large dog park area to include almost double the size! There is now enough room where the grass won't just die due to over trampling and the back area has nice tree coverage as well as benches.They recently put more doggie bag stations in the back which is nice but they need more trash cans in the back as some patrons leave their bags at the foot of trees and forget to take them away at the end of the day.The great thing also about this park is that there is a watering station and a dog cleaning station, which are both awesome!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,10/4/2013,33,244,1,3,3>Hang on people, here it comes: Sharon Woods is nicer than Inniswood.  It's way bigger, the trails are way longer, the environs much more varied, and it contains more untouched wilderness.  Inniswood will always be nicer for pictures, and for nice casual walks amid the flowers, but Sharon Woods allows for more of an immersive experience.  Come here for a nice walk or jog in the woods.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/3/2013,92,223,,5,2>I came here to make a candle a while ago with a group of people and the staff working here were so friendly to us. I had a great time here because I love candles and I have always wanted to make my own! So this was a great combination for me.  It was great testing the aromas first to see which I like to mix together. I can attest that my candle didn't actually come out the best for the first time but in my opinion it's the experience of actually making it that counts. I can't wait to come back and do this again! It was so much fun!!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/2/2013,60,266,,9,6>Flutterby Ceramics is a must stop for anyone in or around Baltimore. Besides lounging on a beach with a pina colada strapped in one hand, Ceramics painting is EXTREMELY relaxing even if you THINK you won't like it and the owner makes this place even MORE relaxing when you come through the doors. The inside of this place is extremely nice and welcoming. You have different shelves of bisque pottery waiting to be painted, and the owner has  A LOT of different items from plain plates, to Christmas figures, clocks, coasters, roosters... and....Elvis!?So, you pick your piece, pick out your colors, grab some brushes, water and relax your afternoon away. One thing I really enjoyed about Flutterby was the fact that everything was INSANELY organized. She had custom shelves for holding glaze colors, so you could easily look at a color chart and find your color without having to dig through TONS of bottle. Need some inspiration for that masterpiece your are about ready to unleash to the world?Well she has you covered there. Besides having stencils, coloring books, and other art books around the painting area she has designated a small side room of her store to local artists and trades! There is SO much color and creativity in there. It would be hard to not come up with an idea. I always appreciate a place that supports local artists and trades in their area. Another thing I REALLY liked about this place, which I have had beefs with other places is that she has a REALLLLY nice kids room where the young ones can go off and paint some pieces, or hang out, which can give Mom and others some time to themselves. It was an adorable little room. ***So the owner is EXTREMELY friendly without being overbearing or annoying.*** They have the CUTEST little dog named Sunny begging for attention.***Prices are cheaper than most PYOP in the area and surrounding.***FREE COFFEE!!!Seriously, WHAT are you waiting for? Go have some fun!!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,10/1/2013,185,387,3,5,4>I came in twice on opening weekend-- so far, VERY good! They'd run out of goodies around noon on Saturday, but I was only in for coffee and to check it out anyway. Um... the decor in here is SO FREAKING CUTE. Seriously. For such a small space, they make it feel really hip and beautiful. I love the blues, the framed cake-themed picture grouping, and the little nook with the rockin' chandelier in the back. The nook didn't look like open seating-- maybe it's for wedding cake consultations?The coffee is just my taste-- kind of mild, but still flavorful. During my second visit a little after 8 am on Sunday, I ordered a biscuit n' jam and a breakfast cake. Portions are small, but that's welcome. My sweet tooth is very tiny, and honestly I don't mind more expense for a well crafted, smallish snack. Others may find it overpriced for the size, but rest assured the quality was there.Of the two, I liked the breakfast cake the best. I cut both sweets in half to share, and wtih both I was afraid the product would be too dry. Not so. Instead of being dense and dry, the breakfast cake had a crispy top and a very delicate cake underneath. Don't be fooled by that flat top. The biscuit and jam were good, but I prefered the breakfast cake. The biscuit is more of a scone dough than what I think of as a flaky biscuit dough. They look a tad rustic, and like something I would easily make at home for a brunch. Anyway, chalk this up to another great place dangerously within walking distance. Places like Kittie's are why I moved to German Village. Oh, and I want to be best friends with all the gals who work there. I feel cooler just being around them. OMG, CAKE.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/30/2013,82,168,,6,4>Skillet is an interesting and lovely establishment. It's practically hidden -- in a far-off corner of town, in a tiny, unassuming littler building next to a hot dog shop -- and it's definitely a gem. It can be pricey -- $7 for a grilled cinnamon roll for a brunch appetizer -- and sometimes the wait can be a challenge, as they don't take reservations and maintain only a very limited dining area... but I love going here as kind of a special treat when I have the time. They always have local food, using seasonal bounty to their advantage and performing some kind of alchemy with their ingredients to make amazing concoctions that in turn inspire my home menus for the rest of the month.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,9/29/2013,138,202,4,6,7>Do you like local flavor? Do you like big pancakes? How about walking through the kitchen to use the bathroom? You say you like these things? Then you might be the kind of person that likes German Village Coffee Shop.My First Love for breakfast in Columbus. The first time I went I ordered pancakes and bacon. This stack of massive pancakes and like six strips of bacon come out. The waitress could smell the fear on me. "You better eat all that!" I had been warned. Turns out it was no problem because everything at German Village Coffee Shop is delicious.It's always busy, you might have to wait a couple minutes if you want a table. If you're  really hungry/hungover and you can't stand it another second there's usually a couple free spots at the counter where you can stare at the burgers and fries and hash browns and omelettes other lucky people are about to consume. Food comes out fast, coffee is great, service is totally great, price point below any other breakfast place I frequent. A total gem in the German Village.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,9/28/2013,106,33,,6,6>I just love this market. I support local, they support local...match made in heaven.  Their baked goods section is a fat kids dream.  They also make fresh, made to order sandwiches (get it on bread from Dan the Baker) and a side of house made potato salad perhaps?  My only bone to pick with this market is their prices. They are dog gone expensive!  Don't get me wrong, I understand why to some degree, but not doable for the average wallet. I get my "special occasion" foods here as well as afore mentioned baked goods!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,9/27/2013,67,461,,5,2>Been 3-4 times since moving to C-bus. Waits are prominent ranging from 30min-1.5 hours. Unless you are a tourist or 1 person in your party draws the short stick to arrive early and wait, I would also contemplate the To-Go route next door.Food - It's Man v. Food featured, right? You have to try the Thurminator or the Thurman Burger. Both are monster sized. I love food and hamburgers are right up my alley. I've never finished a whole Thurminator. Normally, I eat half and then just the meat on the other side. Thurman Burger is equally good but definitely capable of being finished by a regular customer.Sides - Focus on that burger too long, fries become cold so beware. Onion rings are a great side here. They are cooked golden brown and come out HOT!Atmosphere - Ranges from HH where folks are there for a bite to eat and drinks to Man v. Food fanatics wanting to try the food. Some booths can be tight laterally but fits up to 8 people (burger joint with tight booths... hrmmm?). A few tables seat 2-4 and the staff does a great job of trying to optimize seats.Servers - Great at providing what you need. Checking it on you. Host/Hostess is constantly gauging the dining room to try to predict when guests can be seated driven by if guests are lounging after meals and how quickly food comes out.Parking - Street parking is usually available within 5 doors of Thurman's as there is patron turnover and subsequently the parking.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,9/26/2013,142,94,6,8,5>I honestly cannot believe I haven't reviewed Helen's before today. I am currently the Duke! For shame!So, I want to keep this brief - I could go on and on about why Helen's should be your go-to choice in Columbus - but we all have busy lives and we don't have time to read a love letter to the best Chinese food in town.Well, I think I just did my whole review - this is the best Chinese in town. You are going to be hard pressed to find better. Here are some details:They have a full bar. That's right - Chinese food and booze. Cheers!They have a piano and you can get Mr. Helen's to play. (Look, we don't know his name but he's really cute and we just call him Mr. Helen's because he's the only man we ever see there) Mr. Helen's plays wonderfully and sings opera while you eat.THAT'S RIGHT - HE SINGS OPERA WHILE PLAYING THE PIANO WHILE YOU DRINK BOOZE AND HAVE CHINESE FOOD.I challenge you to top that in Columbus.For the food:Get Xiao Long Buns to start. Order early. Don't eat anything else before they come. Their flavor is delicate and if you eat anything first, they will have very little flavor. If you eat them first... they are DELISH.I prefer the Hot & Sour Soup. It's always delish!Crab Rangoon. Theirs are huge and delish.Get the Vegetable Pad Tai. You may be tempted to get beef - but don't. You might want Chicken - don't do it. You might like Shrimp - and it's not bad... but trust me here - for the best flavor experience - just get the veggie pad tai. You're welcome.Lastly - you can really share your plates with several people. So, for a party of 4, I recommend 2 or so entrees and split them. For 5 or 6 - just get 3 or so.And the Xiao Long Buns. Get them too.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,9/25/2013,171,384,,5,2>This is one of those places that is more or  less a requirement to say you've "been to Grandview" or "live in Columbus".The burgers, the beer, the St. Paddy's shitshow. It's still Grandview, which tends to attract the clientele of kids who think they're too classy for campus drinking and come here instead. Meh.I've had their burger - which is good - and I've ordered several of their apps, which are surprisingly good as well.Even on St. Paddy's, they comped our food since it took so long. Had to tip the server extra as she was on her game for dealing with that insane crowd.They can pour a proper Guinness, to boot.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,9/24/2013,7,27,2,11,4>Let me just tell you: this may be our new favorite place. It's so cozy and intimate with all sorts of different seating, nice lighting and an old school atmosphere. It was a somewhat busy when we went so we were OK with taking immediate seating at a high top table in the bar area. Our initial server was one of the bartenders and we were frequently visited by another server throughout our meal. The bartender took our drink orders and was so knowledgeable and helpful with the drink menu. My husband got the Old Fashioned and got the Bees Knees with gin, based on the bartender's recommendation. Wow! I'm not generally a gin person but I figured I'd live dangerously and my gamble paid off...it was delicious! My husband also enjoyed his drink with the single, giant ice cube. Lots of love goes into making these drinks. We didn't get pizza, deciding instead to share some small plates. We started with the beef "carpaccio" which is actually a thinly sliced cured meat with a great salad on top. It was well dressed and straight up tasty. Next, they brought out the salad with beets on it and a warm ricotta with lavender honey and balsamic reduction....I'm still thinking about that ricotta! Everything was delicious and the two types of bread they served with the ricotta were nice. The second server took care of us after the food came out. She was very sweet and attentive, but not obnoxiously so. She cleared our plates promptly and made sure we had everything we needed. Even though they stop food service at 10pm, she still kindly asked if we'd like to order anything else at 9:45...most places *might* do that, but begrudgingly so. This was a great find for us on a random Wednesday and we're so glad we went. We can't wait to return!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,9/23/2013,138,148,,6,6>After reading the many glowing reviews I finally got to have lunch here with my brother. While this strip center location is no showplace it hides a warm inviting open space with large windows that highlight the simple but tasteful decor.Keeping this review simple, a great menu with a wide selection of items that would please most tastes. Paired with dynamic team service makes this place earn it's 5th star from me.OK, time for me to gush. The Pretzel Crusted Chicken Sandwich was a full juicy breast that was ever so lightly breaded but still had that wonderful pretzel "crunch" to each bite on a nice roll of substance with smoked gouda cheese, petals of spinach, poblano mayo and tomato jam. Absolutely brilliant melange of flavours all standing on their own and the use of tomato jam instead of fresh tomato in the Winter months, magnifique! Will be back to try their Spring menu...
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/22/2013,75,241,2,6,5>I'm a big fan of this place. Its easy driving distance from the west side, it has a welcome diverse menu, and the big plus is their awesome staff. I'll be honest, the jerked chicken is toned down far too much to accommodate the demographics of their lunch crowd and it feels like some of the other dishes have been adjusted to play to the audience but the food has yet to be anything less then great (except maybe the nachos). The Galaxy burger is my personal fav so far and I really like the daily specials.As stated earlier the staff is great. Always in a good mood and always interested in feedback and making sure the trip out to them is a good one. Lunches get packed in there so try to beat the crowd and if possible hit them up on the weekend and you'll have the place to yourself.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,9/21/2013,82,90,5,4,4>We sat in the bar at a table because there was a 45 minute wait for the dining room.  That was fine with me...I like the bar atmosphere especially here.We all wanted steak and we all ordered steak.  One good thing was you could get it Pittsburgh style which is charred on the outside and rare on the inside.  The attempt was good and the inside was perfectly cooked to my liking but in my opinion, it could have used more "char" on the outside, that's the best part of ordering Pittsburgh style.  Another good thing was you good mix and match stuff and make up your own plate.  They had soft shell crab on the menu and I live for those...yum yum yum!  But I really was craving a steak too.  Tiffany, our server, told me no problem, we can do both! Sweetness! The soft shell crabs were huge, lots of meaty delicousness and the breading was fantastic.  I want to go back just for those...I wonder how long they will have them for?The wine choices by the glass were not to my liking so I had a long island iced tea (okay two).  Perfectly made and so delicious! Yes, that was a good choice.The service was good, the food was good.  I would recommend this place anytime.  The average age of the patrons is geriatric, so don't be surprised.I forgot to mention the gigantic oysters on the half shell we had for an appetizer...mmmm!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,9/20/2013,1214,553,2,8,3>On a recent (failed) trip to Lynd Fruit Farm, we turned to trusty Yelp for a second option for a farmers market. Doran's was only a few miles from where we were, so we decided to give it a shot.This is a tiny farmers market, but the quality of fruits and veggies is spot-on. Everything I bought was fresh and delicious. And these are some incredibly friendly people who are very passionate about what they're doing. The prices were very reasonable, and I would totally go back to Doran's - but next time not as a second choice.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,9/19/2013,85,100,2,4,3>Dk is delicious. We waited for around 30 minutes to be seated. We ended up sitting at the bar, which wasn't ideal for our group of five, but it was cool to watch the cooks serving up everyone's breakfast. I had a large coffee, they serve local Crimson Cup. Their glazed donut was incredible, perfectly sweet, thicker than a Krispy Kreme donut but not cake-y. After the donut, I was sure I would be disappointed in my meal ((because lets get real, after a donut that good, nothing can be much better)). Nope. Not true. The Dk breakfast sandwich was incredible, perfectly fried egg, cheese, the most delicious sausage, on toasted Texas toast. I also ordered a side of fresh fruit- red grapes, blueberries, and the sweetest pineapple I've had all summer. We were all extremely happy and satisfied with our meals. Now I need a nap!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,9/17/2013,114,521,3,4,4>The Queen of Columbus Desserts has a shining new jewel in her crown.Replacing the old Yagoot location next to the Lego Store, the total revamp of the space has made it uniquely and beautifully Jeni's, using the lessons learned from each of their recently opened stores. There's a nice bar along the front windows, and a smallish seating area (plus a heated area outside the front door for patrons to stand in and enjoy their scoops without getting chilled at night!) The cases / scooping areas guide you naturally through to the counter, you pay, and you've got a clear path back out of the store.Even during their grand opening tonight, with a line stretching across the plaza, the staff was cheery, level headed, and moving everyone through and out smoothly. It's beautiful, it's delicious, and a great fit for the area. And when the gorgeous old theatre style sign out front comes on, bathing you in light?It's perfect. There's no other word for it. The perfect fit, the perfect ice cream, and quite possibly the perfect store. Who could ask for more?
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,9/16/2013,115,131,1,6,3>Take all of the negative stereotypes that you may have heard about CrossFit gyms (called boxes) and throw them out the window.I've been going to CFR for a little over three months now, and I can't say enough good things about this place.  I wanted to wait to write this review until I had been here awhile and could provide a less biased opinion.Some friends had been trying to get me to join for almost 6 months before I finally gave in and decided to give it a try.  First off let me preface by saying that CFR is about as inexpensive as it comes when you're talking about CrossFit boxes, but that doesn't mean it's cheap.  At $100/month, it's more than triple what I used to pay for my old globo gym (see my other reviews to find out who that was).  For that price, though you get so much more than just a sterile environment where you go in, stick headphones on your ears and isolate yourself from the world for an hour or two.  There is also a set of Elements classes that you have to take before you can take the regular CrossFit classes.  These cost $50 ($55?) and you take three classes, where they introduce you to the basic movements associated with CrossFit, and have you do a WOD each class.CFR is a wide-open area with lots of barbells, a great pull-up rig, and....0 machines other than rowers.  That's right; no ellipticals, no treadmills, no leg press.  Get ready to use every stabilizer muscle that those machines have been hiding deep down in your body, because the free weights will expose them, and you will be sore at first.  You'll learn to love the soreness associated with the WODs (Workout Of the Day).Dan & Heather, co-owners of CFR, are incredible people who genuinely care about each and every one of their members.  Each of the coaches there have been amazing with helping individuals learn proper form on their lifts, and offering advice when it's needed.  Not only have I lost weight & become much stronger since joining CFR, but I'm more confident in my body and what it can do.  When I would lift in the traditional globo gym, I had babied my shoulders for years after previous injuries.  When some lifts were added to the WODs that I wasn't sure I would be able to do, I wanted to try and to them at prescribed weight (RX).  Even if I wasn't able to do them at the start, I would find a weight that I could do, and still to the RX movement at least.I had never been able to do traditional squats due to pain in my shoulder; had never dreamed about even attempting a handstand pushup, hadn't done a pull-up since I was in 2nd grade, and overhead squats, still the bane of my existence, were more of a nightmare than a pipedream.  Now I squat more than my bodyweight; I've gotten a few handstand push-ups, can do multiple consecutive strict pull-ups, and while I struggle still with overhead squats, I can do them.Bring your water bottle, a positive attitude, and get ready to work your ass off with an amazing group of people, who will support you throughout your entire workout.  The saying that best exemplifies CrossFit, and CFR in particular, "The only sport where the loudest cheers will be for the last to finish."
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,9/15/2013,62,163,2,4,2>Quick question:  When is the best time to go out to dinner with a 2 year old and a very picky 4.5 year old?  Answer: Never.  Or... before 5 pm so you don't annoy any fellow diners and can get  in and out quickly.  If you have young kids, you know what I'm talking about it.  If you don't, enjoy your opportunities to eat out at normal times.My wife and I had a hankering for americanized mexican food on a Saturday and decided to try Rancho Alegre for our standard off-hours super early dinner. The service was friendly and (importantly) super quick with our food arriving almost immediately after ording.  My wife went with the basics--a beef taco and bean and cheese enchiladas--this is her standard order and she was pleased.  I went a little out on a limb and had the Mole Enchiladas.  I was pleasantly surprised--the mole was sweet, spicy, chocolatey at the same time and very flavorful.  The kids went with chicken nuggets, fries and the restaurant even accommodated my older son's request for a "cheese taco"--this is a hard taco shell with shredded cheese.  It's odd, but that's the closest he gets to mexican food.My wife also had a margarita which was absolutely huge.  She reported it was great as well.So, good food; fast; kid request friendly and bigass margaritas.  Parents, you've found your mexican restaurant.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,9/14/2013,81,86,3,5,4>This place is AWESOME!!  You get to build your own sushi roll(s).  I'll drop the sushi science for you right here:1) You choose a seaweed or tofu wrap.2) You choose some protein.  They have cooked and raw options as well as tofu for the vegetarians/vegans.3) You choose as many veggies as you want.4) They roll it up.5) You choose from their dizzying array of sauces and toppings.6) You eat a delicious sushi roll (or five) and wonder where this place has been all your life...Seriously though, all of this is performed by the most pleasant and happy sushi makers you will ever meet!  Tonight, I asked for a low-carb roll without the rice, and they were like, no problem.  It's inexpensive as far as sushi goes (about $7-8 a roll, depends on your choices).  The whole restaurant is SPOTLESS including the bathrooms.  You can really feel good about choosing this place.  It's healthy; they use environmentally friendly packaging; the people are super nice; and you can bring your vegan/gluten-free/vegetarian/low-carb diet following friends!!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,9/13/2013,68,149,2,2,2>McCasky's is a very classy Sports Bar in my eyes. The atmosphere is a bit fancier from your neighborhood Roosters or Classics, but I really like the overall "feel" of this place.When I first heard about this place, I was very intrigued for two reasons:- 1) I had this strange idea that it was like MacLaren's from HIMYM (similar actually)- 2) They have a BACON JAM that they put on their burgers (quite tasty)The prices were REASONABLE, the staff was very FRIENDLY & ATTENTIVE, and the food was all very tasty! Their Happy Hour is okay (lasts until 7pm); it's $1 off both beer and food (and wine I believe).One thing you MUST try is their loaded chips under the "starters." Lots of cheese and loaded with steak...and some sort of homemade Guac dip too. (NOMNOMNOM)Overall, I think I'll swing by every so often to grab a beer and a "Moo." Visit McCasky's and say "Hi" to John and Sweetness the bartenders!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,9/12/2013,86,139,6,3,4>SPRING BREAK OHIO! WOO HOOEvery spring break requires at least the following: volleyball, less clothing than is normally acceptable, booze, and the possibility of catching a disease in the waterSo if you really want the SPRING BREAK OHIO! experience, you've found your spot. Filled with brahs and... ladies, you'll find this place bumping nearly every night of the summer. This is, my brahs and ladies, because of the summer volleyball league. We're talking Top Gun-esque semi-indecent shirtless people. Haven't seen Maverick or Iceman out here yet, but I've seen several impersonators. Nailed it for the volleyball and clothing requirements.Booze is easy: does Flannagan's have it? Yep. Moving along.Luckily for our spring break aspirations, there may be a HIGH probability of catching something if you go into the pool that is at Flannagan's. I mean, we've already talked about the clientele. Plus, I've heard you need a membership to go into the pool. You know these people are serious if they've bought memberships. At a bar. In Ohio. To go to a pool.I HIGHLY recommend the volleyball league. Just be careful not to fall into the pool, spring breakers.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,9/11/2013,498,511,2,5,5>I have been to a lot of sushi places in Columbus since arriving in November. I love sushi and have to try as many places as possible.This location is in a strip mall which may scare some sushi-lovers away, however - co-workers took me here and I was impressed. The sashimi was fresh.. the nigiri was awesome.. the miso was good...   I didn't have any rolls, but what I saw others order looked great.The seating and decor are clean and modern. Some of the tables are pressed a bit close to your neighbors, but hey.. in Japan you might be sitting at the same table as your neighbors.. so this works for me.I will be back again!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,9/10/2013,370,523,2,8,4>Due Amici is my kind of 'finer dining' restaurant. It's not too fancy, but nice enough to feel special. My boyfriend and I came around 8 on a Thursday night, and although it wasn't packed, it took about 5 minutes to get a table. The hostess was pretty much their weakest link. She seated next to this huge party whose stuff was sprawled all over the seat she expected me to take. Luckily she had no problem when I expressed interest in the table one down from them. Our waitress was fantastic. Attentive, but not too attentive. Personable, but not too personable. Waiters help each other out and help pick up slack if need be. So, you're never in the lurch. I pretty much had one of the best meals ever here. There chicken saltimboca on polenta was mind blowingly good! It was a perfect combo of flavors and probably the only time ever I have eaten chicken skin and enjoyed it. I am currently obsessed with polenta after having theirs and am actually afraid to get it elsewhere because it might not be as good. I think the dish was $18 and worth every penny. My boyfriend ordered the carbonara and it had better flavor that Martini's (IMO). I still find carbonara a bland dish that always sounds better on paper anywhere you go and even at home. We ordered Zeppolis for dessert and their oil was a little hot and got the outside of the doughnuts pretty dark, but nothing the powdered sugar didn't help. The dipping chocolate was my fav. The manager gave us the zeppoli on the house as we had mentioned in a casual convo with our waitress that we were celebrating. Overall really a great date night and a memorable dinner. I look forward to returning!Side note; To add to Bryant M.'s review...a topic of convo my boyfriend and I had at dinner was the odd music choice at Due. When I was there it was classic rock/drinking songs. I mean, yea, I liked the songs and even wanted to sing some, but it didn't fit the atmosphere.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2013,9/9/2013,89,91,,3,2>I'll keep this short and sweet - great portions and delicious food!  Yes, as stated by all the other yelpers, this is an old Taco Bell.  Don't let the outer appearance of the restaurant stop you from enjoying reasonably priced and great tasting food.I'm not familiar with restaurants on this side of Columbus, so I did a yelp search, saw a familiar and reliable yelper's review and decided to check this place out.Glad I stopped in and didn't let the location keep me from missing out on a delicious gyro and great Greek salad. I got the mini combo which was more than enough food for me, which says a lot - I am a big eater.Good food, great portions, friendly staff, and reasonable prices - my type of place.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,9/8/2013,30,144,,8,4>We hit up Rosa & Rocco's on the second night they were open . . . .so, kid gloves here, kid gloves.I was delighted to see that they had redone the interior rather than rely on the bad memories of Mia Cucina.  Very nice decor with lots of wood, brick and new booths . . . although the giant Rat Pack posters all over the place are a bit kitschy. Okay, never mind the decor, the food is really, really good!  We started with the twisty bread.  You must do the same! These little twists of dough with pepperoni and other spicy bits inside were just phenomenal!  I opted for the caprese salad and meatball apps.  The salad utilizes smaller pear tomatoes, which is a nice touch.  The veal meatballs were nicely herbed and served up in a decent spice.The wife and daughter opted for the lobster ravioli.  I had a bite and it was delish! The flavors were wonderful, but it was very heavy on cream (not sure I could eat a whole dish - quite rich).  The son fired up alfredo.  The pasta on the alfredo was cooked perfectly and the sauce was fantastic (not overwhelmingly cheesy, too creamy or thick).I'm tossing out the four stars based entirely on the food experience.  Having just opened, they do have some serious kinks to work out in the service department (our meal took FOREVER).  At some point my unsweet tea got switched for sweet and the table visits by the waiter were just too few and far between.Welcome to New Albany, R&R - get those kinks worked out and we'll be huge fans.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,9/7/2013,56,151,,7,1>Think "Mediterranean Chipotle." You go in, and order a bowl, pita, salad, or hummus plate at the counter. Choose your meat (7 choices, including tilapia, fresh veggies, and falafel), vegetables (lettuce, onion, tomato, banana pepper, cucumber, pickles), and sauce (house, tahini, or vinaigrette). Feta, olives, and "spice it up" are $1 extra- I hate when they charge extra for feta! Then, you go to your table with a number they give you and wait for your food to be delivered.If you haven't been there before, they'll give you a small platter of the two different rices (mujadara is cooked with small lentils and has a cinnamon flavor), as well as the different dips/spreads, such as the hummus, spicy feta, etc. Everything was above par. My fav had to be the eggplant that wasn't on the menu, but I had no complaints about anything I ate that night...although I wasn't a huge fan of the tahini.You MUST get a chocolate ball, which has a consistency like a chocolate truffle...you don't want to miss out!Overall, I really enjoyed this place and wish it was closer! The owner is super nice, the food is great, as is the service. Prices are a little high (especially for the Mezze/appetizers) but worth it!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/6/2013,26,378,6,1,2>Seriously, if you're looking for the dive bar with the smelliest, dirtiest no-soap havin'ist bathrooms, a ceiling that looks like it could cave in at any second, wood working that looks like termites holding hands, miles of electrical wire running through old vents and a bar where about 30% of the light fixtures actually work, then you just struck platinum. The Stube is one of the last remnants of old South Campus, from what I'm told. As a non-native, I can tell you that you have to go there for a little bit of (barely) living history.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/5/2013,121,124,,9,2>If I had written this review in the first week of its existence, it would have gotten 10+ stars. But now that I've been coming here at least once a week for several weeks, I feel like I can give a better opinion.First, I'm THRILLED that there's a grocery store downtown. I now have no reason to ever leave downtown Columbus, which is a big plus. Second, having The Hills is great because they support local (and frequently organic) vendors, artisans, and farmers.Here's what I love about The Hills:- Wine and beer!- Prepared foods + salad bar selection is great (though my one issue is that rotisserie chickens are very randomly there, and the salad bar doesn't open until like 11 a.m. so I can't pick up a salad before work - but that's my own bad planning).- Great cheese selection.- Mix of healthy foods and Oreos (which is my issue with Whole Foods - sometimes I just want some regular cookies!).- Tasty local breads, ice creams, and meats.Here's what I don't love about The Hills:- Produce selection is expensive, but more importantly, inconsistent. There aren't any deliveries on Sundays (I get that), but the last few times I've been in there I've found moldy fruit and vegetables. No good.- Service is lackluster. The guys behind the meat/fish counter are totally clueless, and part of this is training and service-oriented culture. It's just when I ask for a piece of salmon to be filleted and I get a blank stare...I start to wonder if this is the right place to be buying seafood. The cashiers are friendly but frequently confused (even the ones who have been there since opening). I don't know how many times I've had to remind them that I handed over reusable bags! Anyone home up there?Sorry, that's a little snarky. It's just getting frustrating and so I've been resorting to stopping by Whole Foods or Trader Joe's when I'm out running errands because at least there's more consistency in the produce selection and service, which are two major things I'm looking for in a grocery store.TL;DR? I like The Hills Downtown, but it needs some work. I'll still keep popping by for things when I run out or if I get sudden cravings.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,9/4/2013,159,169,2,6,3>Had a great night out. Walked in and was greeted by a really sweet bartender who offered us the Tuesday special, half-off margaritas. My friends and obliged. We all tried the original margarita, champagne margarita, pomegranate - basil margarita, and a ginger margarita. De-licious all around. I would really recommend the Champagne one for a brunch!On to dinner...we all went for different options to try everything. Thank goodness we did because I got to have so much great food!-- Explorers club is a club on steroids of amazingness-- Burger - cooked just how we asked and served with GREAT sweet potato fries (possibly second to Commonwealth's?)-- Duck tacos were one of all of our favorites. Great slaw mixed with amazingly cooked duck. Don't be caught off guard if these tacos aren't served in traditional hard shells but actually puffed sweetbread.-- Mac and cheese sandwich - possibly the hit of the night. 20x better than mac n cheese bites with a bacon jam (Ahhhh! I want to go back and order 5!)The topping of it all...sriracha ketchup :)The staff seems to be still getting its bearings with busy nights so some things were chaotic, but overall a friendly staff and a great menu. Definitely will return. And, after reading these other reviews, it should be a weekend morning!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,9/3/2013,14,62,4,5,4>Ever since I saw the Which Wich sign I've been waiting patiently for this place to open. SO GLAD THIS PLACE IS OPEN!!!The only time I would be able to indulge would be when visiting my friends in Bloomington, IN... I thought my quest to try all the sandwiches would be thwarted...LUCK OF THE GODS I had happened upon seeing this place was under construction, while I randomly decided on late night taco bell...This place is fun, and delicious!!!!You have more choices than Subway, and you can REALLY have it your way! Olives, peppers, pickles, lettuce, caramelized onions, crispy onion stings (THE GREEN BEAN CASSEROLE KIND!!!), garlic spread, caramelized onions, sauerkraut, spicy mayo, and did I mention CARAMELIZED ONIONS?!?That's not all... there are plenty of other things to add to your sammich also!!!Trust me when I say this is one of the best sandwich chains. Everything tastes really fresh, and their sandwiches are always neat and well made. From Bloomington to Columbus the sandwich is very consistent!Give it a try!!!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/2/2013,34,74,,3,1>Gibby's is a nice place, one of the few locally owned sports bars in town. A good atmosphere, with nostalgic Circleville High School sports photos all over the walls, and a Buckeye Room you can reserve for events. The food is average. Their famous for their burgers, which are great, but the rest of the menu is sort of just your average salads and sandwiches. Which they do well with, just nothing fantastic. They do have a nice range of appetizers though, which are half off during happy hour.Definitely stop in for some local flavor; you'll see teachers high school teachers hanging out at the bar, that kind of thing. Plus they now have hand dipped ice cream, yummm.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,9/1/2013,42,170,1,4,4>The Crest is awesome.  There are very few things I would change.Drinks:  There are about 60 beers on tap and another 20 or more in bottles and cans.  And we're not talking about a bunch of crap.  I'm a pretty accomplished craft beer drinker, and they had several beers I'd never had or even heard of before.  I missed some KBS on draft by a couple of days, which is a bummer, but I can't  blame them for people drinking that tap dry.  My wife had a couple of cocktails, both of which were very tasty, so it's not all about beer.  There is mead and wine on tap as well.  At happy hour, which goes until 7, draft beers are half price (liquor is discounted somewhat too).  This is a pretty great deal.  The regular prices are a bit higher than your average bar, but very fair for the beers they have available, and to get this deal for half off is fantastic.  It obviously brings a crowd to Bodega, and it appeared to have a similar effect at The Crest.Food:  Very good.  As an appetizer, we had the cheese balls.  Flash-fried goat cheese drizzled with honey and almonds.  Very nice, although my only complaint about the place is that the appetizers are a little pricey at around $10.  My entree was a grilled cheese sandwich and fries.  Best grilled cheese I ever had.  Thick, crusty country bread that was crunchy around the edges, but still a little soft in the middle.  Melted cheddar and gruyere exploding everywhere.  Onions, sundried tomatoes, and bacon added a nice bit of flavor.  The fries were homemade and covered in a nice sea salt.  Just the way I like them.Atmosphere and service: Also very nice.  The place has a nice feel to it.  There is a large U-shaped bar that holds a ton of people, although the happy hour rush prevented us from getting seats there.  There is ample seating inside and a large patio.  There is a large garden on the roof where they grow their own vegetables, which is a very cool touch.  Our server was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the products.  The dining room was light and airy.  There were a few small TVs behind the bar, but luckily not so many as to give it a sports bar feel.  This is a great place to go with some friends after work, have a few drinks, and grab a bite to eat.  Several people have had negative reviews of The Crest.  I like to think these are a function of the place still being new and there being a few bugs to work out, because I honestly can't imagine why anyone would leave here with a negative feeling.  I'll certainly be back frequently.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,8/31/2013,169,192,3,4,3>The best coffee in Columbus. Other things that I love:- It's not a place where people camp out and work for 8 hours on their laptops- Gorgeous interior- Did I mention their coffee is the best?- Very personable and friendly staffIf you walk in and feel overwhelmed, just follow these tips:- Tell them if you want something hot or cold- Ask them to choose the coffee (perhaps their favorite)- Don't ask for flavorings :) And try not to add cream & sugar. The coffee is great by itself- Stand at the bar, sit a minute or head to Goodale Park!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/30/2013,57,115,,6,3>Well, well, well...Columbus FINALLY has a solid dance club for the gay community!I attended both nights (Friday and Saturday) of their opening weekend and I have to tell ya, I was HIGHLY concerned if it would live up to the hype it had going about it.You see, out-of-towners, Columbus clubs do a LOT of pop remixes which, to an extent, is ok. But when that is all you hear when you're an electronic/house junkie like me...it gets old-fast. Friday night DJ MOXY threw down a set that I thought would cave in the roof because so many people were jumping about dancing to the awesome tunes she was kickin' out. Saturday night I'm pretty sure I lost 10lbs due to all the sweating from being on the dancefloor (who needs water pills?!) to more typical house-sounding tunes (think Peter Rauhofer style...and if you don't know who he is...you should...seriously). I was in love. The music, from both nights, reignited me. Absolutely solid music. I hope and pray to sweet baby Jesus it stays that way. There are three rooms total: one main bar in the front where the music is loud enough but so loud where you have to scream at each other like a death metal band...another VIP area which leads into the main back bar/lounge, then the dance floor with color changing podiums, the SEXY stage and everything. There's also a patio for all you smokers out there.Bartenders were a bit slow and not as heavy handed as I'd like but I have no doubt that will improve in a short stint. Considering it was their opening weekend it went very, VERY well. They're going to be having an event upcoming that DJs will be playing REAL music...like boogie-tech and nu-disco (unlike some clubs that I've reviewed that I won't mention who play the freggin' "Macerena"). Super stoked to finally have somewhere to go where the music is club legit. None of this horse-pucky pop-shit.SUPER STOKED. Welcome back to the community Garage. I'm glad we've finally met.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,8/29/2013,146,161,,2,5>It's so hard to review and gauge ethnic restaurants when one doesn't have a baseline to go off of. So for Merlion, which prides itself on providing Singaporean and Malaysian food to Columbus, i can only really go off what I think tastes good, and also what my Malaysian friend says. So onto what my Malaysian friend says. She really likes Merlion, maybe in part because it has good food and maybe because she misses her native cuisine and this is the only real game in town. I can honestly say from a taste perspective that everything is oh-so-good.I can recall having 3 dishes during my 3 visits. First is the Singapore Laksa. I can't recall much as this was my first dish. It had a real spicy kick but the spice didn't mask the wonderful flavors of the soup. Second was the Prawn in soy sauce. Prawns with shell and head, fried and covered in a thick dark soy sauce based gravy. Still crispy, not as salty as I imagined, and goes perfect with a bowl of rice. Finally the Singapore Hainan Chicken Rice. They only serve this dish on weekends and it reminds me of chicken my mom would make at home, boiled chicken in broth, served with 2 sauces on the side. Simple but familiar and comforting food. Now my only issue is the air conditioning. I can't recall if they have AC or not. I was there one summer and they had fans in the dining area. Maybe they have AC now, but that's my only real gripe.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,8/28/2013,50,160,3,2,2>I love this place!  Greek/American food, beer, great customer service. YUM!1) It's basically a Greek-American pub style restaurant that serves the above mentioned, including a great selection of hamburgers and gyros. 2) Beer. Good selection of it, pub prices on drafts and happy hour, and it comes full and tall - none of that World of Beer crap where it comes in a mini goblet like you're some dwarf king.3) Customer service is always spot on and friendly, patrons are chill, and the location is great.  Really, what more could I ask for? I can't seem to pass up a burger to try a gyro, but when I give up red meat I'll come here and try one and update this review.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,8/27/2013,107,100,2,8,8>YUM!!!We went there on a random Sunday morning and there was already a nice little line. Now some of you may be turned away from this, but in my morning diner experience this can only mean one thing, the food must be good. The owner of the busy joint was walking around greeting people by name asking "how's business?" "How's the fam?" He was making sure everyone was comfortable and played host like we were all standing around in his own home, asking if any of us wanted coffee, juice, etc. while we waited.We grabbed a booth as soon as one opened (only waited about 15 minutes). And grabbed the menu. They do have a few specials listed on a big board int he front, and we all ordered off their breakfast menu (although I will be going back for lunch since I really want to try their Reuben)And when things came, my jaw dropped. My eggs and sausage were done right, meaning that they obviously cook everything on the one single, skillet, meaning my eggs were cooked in yummy grease (again some of you may be turned away from this, but to me, this means diner!)The pancakes and french toast had a big slob of butter on top and it was all just too good to be true on a cold, rainy, Sunday morning. Definitely a Clintonville place to check out!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,8/26/2013,67,179,,7,4>I simply adore Studio 35. The intimate feel of this theater is unmatched by any I've been to, aside from the tiny theater in my dad's hometown in Northern Michigan. The new renovations they made recently are fantastic as well.I have not eaten here (yet) so I'm sad to say I can't review this aspect. But, I will, and will surely update my review to reflect on that when it happens. I'm not a fan of the mega-theaters, though their sound and picture quality may be superior- this is simply not what matters to me. The atmosphere is where it's at. One screen, so you don't have to wait in huge lines for concessions...or beer! Beer, yesss. Delicious brews on tap, and the back few rows in the theater even have tables so you have somewhere to put your food/brews/etc. The new seats are great! Brand new, comfy, leather (which feels much more sanitary than upholstery). The bathrooms are very clean as well. And, though this may seem like an insignificant detail, kids can reach the sinks. They have a summer movie event for kids ($2 admission) and I took my whole preschool class for a field trip. It was wonderful! If you want a much more pleasant, comfortable, intimate movie-going experience, this is the place!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,8/25/2013,61,84,,4,3>man-o-man, J. Liu really showed us a fantastic dining experience. We stopped here for Restaurant week last night and we found ourselves in for a real treat. I didn't get a real good look of the normal menu, since we knew we were there for Restaurant week, but from my glance it looked pretty full of awesome dishes. Usually when the GF and I go out to try some place new, we do this thing where we pick the two best looking items from the menu and then split them with each other. That way we get a taste of two meals when only paying for one. I ordered:Vegetarian Spring Rolls - came with two different dipping sauces, one that tasted like soy sauce, and the other (which I liked more) tasted like a spicy sweet and sour sauce. The spring rolls in themselves were fantastic, small, flaky, warm and soft on the inside. it was a good choice. Jerk Salmon - Was phenomenal, the salmon was cooked just right with a lovely mango salsa, on a bed of rice. Took my taste buds on a trip that's for sure. Creme Brulee Vanilla Custard - Was the best one I have ever had to this day. It really topped off the dinner, and put me into my food coma. She got:Strawberry Pecan Salad - which was a delightful salad topped with strawberries, sweet & sour dressing, candied pecans and gorgonzola. Was super nommy. The greens were fresh, and the pecans really played a part in the salad. Short Rib - Was a slow braised rib, served over a salad of frise, tortillas, pickled onion, feta cheese and chorizo, tossed in a bacon vinaigrette. lol I still remember her saying, "There's the Bacon!" , The rib was soft and melted apart when cut with a fork. It was really good, but I think the salmon was better.Also got a Creme Brulee. Which we have already been over.I was really impressed with this restaurant and will most likely be back for seconds.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,8/24/2013,134,190,10,6,8>Dinner and a show!Am I talking about one of those mystery dinner theater places, where you eat while you try to figure out whodunit?  No!How about the theater on campus, where you can buy sushi and beer for when you watch your movie?  Nope!Okay, maybe it was a couple, making out at the bar for 90 minutes straight (I'm not joking, we timed it), while we drank and ate our dinner.  Seriously?  They were still going at it after we left!Off to the left, a birthday party that seemed more like a bachelorette party was going on - lots of energy. They kept throwing completely obvious barbs over at the couple at the bar, and the couple kept ignoring them. Every table was looking, laughing, and shaking their heads - wondering what type of people could A) make-out for 90 minutes straight and B) make-out in public for 90 minutes straight in a restaurant, with 30 or 40 people watching.  It was odd, to say the least.I can't completely blame the staff for not dealing with the PDA - I don't envy the person who has to ask two potentially sloppy-drunk people to stop fooling around - but maybe this is an opportunity for Liz to train her staff to deal tactfully - and rapidly - with issues like this? I dunno. While most people - staff included - were joking around and laughing about it, at least one couple sounded upset (married, having a date-night, "who wants to see that shit?" is a direct quote).NOW, why am I mentioning this in my review of Grass Skirt Tiki Room? Because, honestly, the staff should have broken it up.  I don't care if the "conversation" started with a server going over and being polite, then escalated to a manager and - eventually - the police if the couple got belligerent about it. I think most of us were thinking "I wish the lighting in here were better, so I could capture this, and post it on Youtube!" But, thankfully, the lighting wasn't better, as we'll discuss shortly....Okay, so...the decor in this place! You've gotta go, at least once; bring a friend, order a drink, get an appetizer, and you won't complain about any wait-time (perceived or actual) because this place it awesome to look at!  They have globular lamps, pufferfish lamps, and even globes lamps containing pufferfish. This place has it all. You'll look around the room, at the funky lava wall, lit by ultra-fun lighting, the odd points of light everywhere, and wonder why you didn't visit sooner.  It's like a rave, without the loud music, or annoying people dancing.The food...yes, there were a lot of vegan options, which is a prerequisite of any place I go.  Had an appetizer, which ended up being amazing - sweet potato wedges with dipping sauces.  Tried two entrees - sharing is wonderful - and loved them both. The Red Curry Coconut Rice Bowl had so many tasty things in it, and the best part is, you can add tofu if you want that extra something - I'm just talking to the vegans here, because if you're not a veggie, you can add some other proteins like chicken and pork, no worries!  Oh, and the Spicy Peanut Pasta (sans egg) was incredible. I love pasta, I love spicy and I really love peanuts!  Add those things together, with some veggies and tofu, and you have a whole lot of awesome.  Certainly didn't leave hungry, but I also didn't have to take anything home, which was nice.Oh no, I had to edit the review because I totally forgot to mention the drinks.  To summarize?  They were awesome. I only had one, but I sampled another.  Super tasty, with alcohol expertly hidden behind layers of flavor.  Whoa!The only thing lacking in most (all?) of Liz Lessner's restaurants is vegan dessert options.  Super sad.  This location should do something similar to what the Japanese Steak House does: quarter a whole fresh pineapple, and turn it into a hedgehog using toothpicks, maraschino cherries and some sort of melon. People would eat the heck out of that; at least, I know I would!  Plus, pineapple and cherries matches the Polynesian theme.  Yum!In the end, I know some folks joke around about people giving out four-star reviews like they're candy, but honestly, this was truly a four-star experience for me.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,8/23/2013,129,540,3,8,3>I made a special trip out to Morse Road from German Village after seeing Paul F's review a couple of weeks ago.  This is a fabulous store!  It feels a lot like the big Hispanic grocery stores that I used to shop at in Los Angeles, with the addition of Asian and eastern European goods.As you enter, there is a large produce area with many types of citrus, apples, root vegetables, leafy vegetables, peppers, herbs, mushrooms, tofu.  The quality of the produce does vary, and it certainly isn't Whole Foods or even Meijer quality, more like a mid-range Kroger.  However, the prices are very good -- avocados for less than a dollar, mangoes for 79c, grapes for 99c, bell peppers for 99c/lb.  In the meat section, there is a wide assortment of variety meats -- tails, ears, stomach, hearts, gizzards, as well as standard cuts of steak, ground meat, poultry.  There is frozen meat sliced for hot pot, fish sausage and meatballs, frozen fish, and the fresh fish that Paul F. mentions in his review.The grocery section, which is the bulk of the store, is roughly sorted by region -- Hispanic, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, etc.  It gets a bit confusing since so many types of grocery overlap -- sodas, juices, rice, noodles, tea -- and are therefore found in two or three different aisles depending on their country of origin.  There were rows of canned and dried beans, packets of spices, dried peppers, herbs, dried fish; Jarritos, Ramune, Calpico, Clamato; an entire row of Mexican candy, Asian biscuits, European cookies; frozen mochi, baklava, pastries, dumplings, vegetables; packaged Mexican cheese, chorizo; noodles (rice, buckwheat, egg, wheat flour, bean); also food storage containers, hot water kettles, kitchen accessories, rice cookers, giant kettles, and more!Near the front there is a bakery section that wasn't yet opened.  Check-out is bag-your-own-groceries, and they were giving away reusable cloth bags when I visited.I think this is a great grocery store for the neighborhood, with inexpensive, fresh foods.  I hope that there will be enough turnover so that the store is able to continue offering such a wide variety of produce and groceries.  If you are interested in cooking with international ingredients or are looking for inexpensive (though mostly not organic) produce, this is definitely a place to check out.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,8/22/2013,54,200,2,5,2>Visited this place on a Saturday afternoon with some gal pals and fell in love instantly.  Who doesn't love a little painting? It was full of kids on a Saturday, though.  Which...eh, might be a good or bad thing depending on the kind of person you are.  I'm not a big fan of kids so I wasn't too impressed.  Aside from that and the moody staff member that was clearly pissy about something, I really enjoyed this place.  They had a wide variety of items to choose from and these items were variably priced.  I chose a little cookie jar-like item and it was pretty cute after all was said and done.  This place lets you bring food and snacks, which I would highly recommend because by the time I was done with that jar, I was famished and dehydrated.  The one major drawback, again, is staff.  The day we went, there was only one person working (and the place was pretty packed) and she was clearly disinterested in being there.  She answered questions and gave her input when asked but I did not see one smile.  Not one.  She could have really made our experience there special and memorable but she was totally not into that kind of thing. And then when I went to pick up my item, the woman (a different staff member) was completely disinterested in me.  She was on the phone when I walked in and stayed on the phone the entire time; even while wrapping up my item and sending me out the door.  I'm a huge fan of good service and this place is severely lacking in that.  If I could paint and fire up clay in my own home, I would probably avoid this place.  But the variety of items, paint and the space will, indeed, bring me back.  The staff needs some customer service training, though.Some tips:  Use your SBB (small business beanstalk) card and get 10% off.  Additionally, students pay a $6.00 fee rather than $8.00.  You don't pay until the end, though so you'll have to remember to tell the staff member about the discounts you want to use.  OH- and I think I heard the staff member say that groupons are not accepted on the weekends.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/21/2013,106,319,1,7,4>Went there for lunch on Saturday, and what an experience! This place, while could use some sprucing up, is cool. It is over 200 years old, and rich with history...and supposedly, haunted.We were told all inns of the period were always associated with an animal (apparently, because illiteracy was common), while usually a wild animal, the first owners wife like cats, thus, that was their trademark, even to this day.Originally set up as a stop/resting point for stage coaches going west from Newark (thats right, in the early 1800s it was a day trip getting from Newark to Granville (which takes like what today, 10 minutes by car?), the inn and restaurant were considered lavish for its time. Still open today as a bar, the cellar room (complete with working hatch) was were the horsemen/drivers would sleep, as they were not permitted in the actual inn proper.The original stairs to that space, are still intact, and have a long risers purposely built that way, so thieves would have a hard time navigating them when in a hurry.Many politicians/movie stars have stayed there over the years, including President Lincoln, all the way to Cameron Diaz.It also served as Granville's first post office, and much of the original hardware/wood is original throughout.I addition to the 3 major upgrades it has had, each adding a wing to the original structure, the property has grown to include 4 other adjacent buildings. The grounds are nice...lots of foliage and antique fountains. The ghosts. There are 3 alleged spirits haunting the inn. The first is the original owner, Orin Granger. This quiet, but business determined man had a liking for the home cooked pies that he served in the restaurant. It is said, that patrons/staff would hear the footsteps of a soft walking man, and discover the next day that pies were missing.The 2nd is another owner, Bonnie Bounell, aka "Lady in Blue". She died in room 9 (still available today). She has been "seen" throughout the inn, often, leaving her smell of the sweet perfume she wore.[note; They let us go up and look inside room 9. It had a modern bathroom, but its original 2 room suite was done up in 1800's glory...very cool indeed. It also had a small (20") CRT TV...not so cool, but acceptable I suppose.]Lastly is the cat named by the wife of the owner, and in his name, "Major Buxton". Reports are hearing/seeing the large gray cat, and even footprints and hair on bed sheets and pillows, even though there have been no pets kept in the inn since 1972. One recent guest swore on his dead mothers grave, that a gray cat ran out of his room while he went down the hall for some ice.Enough of the folklore...lets get on to lunch...The lunch menu is small...real small. No appetizers are offered, and it included only 3 sandwiches, and about 8 other entrees. We ate in the courtyard, next to a fountain which was nice. I decided on the "Buxton Burger" which was a half pound of ground sirloin, cooked/dressed anyway you want. It came with fries. She got soup and a salad...french onion and a dried cranberry/almond salad.My burger was out of this world! Its hard to cook sirloin juicy at medium, but this chef pulled it off. Charbroiled on the outside, slightly pink and juicy in the middle...perfect! Nicely toasted Kaiser roll, cheddar, and the rest of the fresh fixings piled high. And Im usually not a fan of seasoned fries, but these thick cut offerings were some of the best. And at $9, a reasonable price too.I didnt taste hers, but she said the french onion soup rival Max & Erma's...her absolute favorite. She also said the salad was great, and in perfect balance. Greens were a nice mix of at least 4 different varieties.They also offer full bar service, and a nice wine list.I believe the mainstay is their dinner which includes, seafood, chicken, pork chops, steak, pasta, and even duck, of which, we will certainly return.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,8/20/2013,208,222,3,8,5>+abundant natural light+excellent service (they remember your order if you're a regular)+awesome indie music+lots of outlets+good study environment +delicious treats baked locally and made from organic ingredients+no fuss using creditcard (don't even have to sign anything!)+feels clean, bright, and airy+wonderful smelling soap in the bathroom+supports local artists Grandview Grind is everything I want in a cafe. I can't believe this place isn't completely overcrowded. It is by far my favorite independent cafe in Columbus. The people who work here emanante positive energy  and make me want to keep coming back. Not to mention, their coffee and espresso are excellent! This is a Grandview gem.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/19/2013,117,189,,3,4>Such a beautiful park. & now with a working fountain! (which I find rather ugly...but whatever).The boy and I have taken up a new couples hobby.... tennis. And Goodale is our venue of choice to show off our mad skills... LOL. Right. And I mean, we are within walking distance to North Market for post game munchies. Score.From Comfest to the kids play area... this is really a focus point for Columbus. Beautiful landscaping, plenty of trees.... wonderful people watching.Note: We used to park here when going downtown (bars, events) because it was no problem to leave the car there overnight after we had too much to drink and needed to cab it up. Now, it tows after 11. WHYYYYY?! :(
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,8/18/2013,45,155,,3,3>Had a nice little evening at Lola's tonight. The place is tiny and very cozy, and Lola was out among the customers the entire time we were there, chatting and making everyone laugh.We split a delicious caprese salad to start. My boyfriend had the veal saltimbocca and I had a seafood pasta special; clams, stuffed shrimp over linguine with red sauce. Divine. I also loved the homemade limoncello, and the bread pudding was light and creamy. We'll definitely be back for the personal, friendly service. It feels like you're eating in someone's home, not at a restaurant.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,8/17/2013,181,124,3,4,3>This is my favorite farmers market by far. And not only because I live right up the street. The array of fresh local produce, meats, cheeses, flowers, candles, baked delectables and crafty goodness is simply astounding. This is not your everyday fruits n veggies kind of market. Every type of product you can think of has been represented at this market by local businesses all over the state. I also thoroughly enjoy the atmosphere. It feels like a massive block party or street festival every Saturday morning. Families, couples, pets - all are welcome to frolic, sample and shop. And, most every weekend, they have some sort of live music, even if it's a single street performer strumming the guitar and trying to start a sing-along. The Worthington Farmers Market is the only reason I get up before 11am on summer weekends. Hail to the return of farmers market season!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/16/2013,67,221,,4,4>The staff here is amazing. It is the actors and volunteers who help do everything from take tickets to serve your beverages and food. The bread and marinara is really good too. Not sure what they put in the marinara sauce but its addicting. The rocky horror picture show was AWESOME. Very creatively done and in an animated fashion. I am very impressed with how well this was done.The Taboo sketch had an act on coming out to your parents that was very funny and had to be my favorite. The Alice in Underland show was executed well but was a little too heavy for my personal liking. I teared up a couple times and was expecting a fun play. It was based around Vietnam war era and post traumatic syndrome that soldiers go through. I really think this place is a great spot for groups and dates and anything else.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,8/15/2013,84,263,,4,3>I am so glad I discovered Gentile's! This is a great wine and beer carryout that shares a space with Mamma Mimi's Take & Bake Pizzas (a winning combination, amirite?). Despite the smaller space, there's a ton of selection here and the shelves are stocked with everything from the low price end to the special occasion stuff (aka the bottles I'm afraid I'll break if I turn the corner too quickly). All of the wines are displayed nicely with labels and little bits of information about some, which can make the decision process a little easier. They also feature some crates and shelves of selected bottles of wine for the person who just wants a nice drink (or four) under $15. The beer selection is also top notch. I'm pretty sure this is the first (and one of the few) places I have found Magic Hat #9 in a 12-pack of cans and the craft offerings here are a bit more adventurous than the GIant Eagle down the street.If you're a home brewer, they also have everything you need to brew your own. I've never ventured into this area, but I'd for sure like to someday soon. I have seen sign up sheets where they offer wine tastings on occasion and would love to try that out someday. This shop is fantastic, has great selection and the service is exceptionally helpful and friendly. Plus, you can pick up a pizza on your way out. Helloooo I'm sold.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,8/14/2013,49,218,,6,3>I have been coming here for years and I don't recall ever having a bad meal. As far as Greek food in Columbus goes, you can't get much better. The Big Fat Greek Kuzina is opened by the same people who own Fisherman's Wharf at Polaris, another awesome restaurant. The big difference is that Fisherman's Wharf is a little fancier. This place is a little older and the booths and tables show a little sign of wear, but that has and never will deter me from a place with awesome food. Getting to the food, whenever you come here, they always give complementary pita with this awesome herby green dipping sauce. I have no idea what is in that stuff, but it is addicting. If you like starters, dolmathes and spanakopita are great. I've tried the saganaki(flaming cheese), but I'm just not a huge fan of the flavor of that. All the spreads are wonderful. Really good hummus, kopanisi(a spicy feta spread) and the best tzatziki I've ever had. For dinner, I think I've only had one thing and one thing only...the mousaka. Mousaka is one of my all time favorite dishes and they do it so right here. First of all, the portion is so big, I don't know how they make money on it. I literally can eat it for 3 whole meals. I've had mousaka other places and it's dry and not seasoned, but never here. It's always that perfect rich, creamy, CHEESY bechamel sauce over top layers of eggplant, zuccini, potatoes, and ground beef and all covered in a really flavorful marinara sauce. My mouth is watering thinking about it. To me, this place is a little out of the way, but I'm willing to drive here and eat because it's always so good and the people are always nice. That's what keeps me coming back to any place. Try it out.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,8/13/2013,57,35,1,3,3>Reethika was a delicious experience. The setup is fresh and clean- keeping things simple. Nice, large tables that can easily be grouped together to accomodate parties of varying size. I am also a particular fan of the Indian soap operas playing on two TVs strategically placed on a diagonal in opposite corners.The lunch buffet was about $10/ person and one of the better ones that I've had in Columbus- on par with Taj Mahal and offering the non-veg stuff you won't find at Banana Leaf. For the price, the selections totally kick Indian Oven's butt out the door.All of the non-veg selections are chicken-based. The tandoori chicken seems... fried? Or slightly over baked. But it's still clear that it was marinated in tandoori paste for some time (perhaps not for the 24 hour overnight stint, but it's definitely passable). There were also several very noteworthy chicken curries- makhani and a vindaloo I believe were on the buffet when I went on a Saturday. Also, the chicken biryani isn't bad. The meat is tender and flavorful- a common problem encountered with chicken that hasn't been given the time to properly marinate.But there are also plenty of selections for the vegetarians: a fantastic saag and a savory tomato daal. The sambar is also quite delicious but no dosa or idli to eat it with. The channa masala was undercooked- the chickpeas being a bit too hard and retaining not enough flavor. Those however are my only two complaints.For just over $10 I ate very well and was very satisfied on the way out the door. If you like Indian food this place is at least worth a try. It may not be the mind-blowing experience you had in Delhi or wherever it is that the coolest kids get their Indian food, but it's definitely a worthwhile endeavor.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,8/12/2013,94,224,4,4,5>Hello, I'm Gary, and I'm a chocoholic....AND IS THIS THE PLACE FOR ME!!!!!This place is amazing!!  The chocolates are to die for.... ohhhhhhh sooooo yummy!!AND they have FROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE!!!  If you've never had that before you MUST!!  I guarantee it will curl your toes!!The sitting area is very nice and plush... Great white leather chars and booths surround a very nice fireplace.  Tables with regular chairs (white of course), and a nice outdoor area with tables and chairs.They will also have a full bar once the liquor license goes through... very soon they said.If you like quality chocolate, then this is the place for you!!!  Definitely an adult chocolate store... NOT chocolate candy...
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,8/11/2013,29,258,3,3,3>STILL the best wings in Columbus!! Sure I'm wing obsessed, but I know where the best wings in this city are. I put my money on the gates of hell bbq grilled wings here all the time...and always win. $16 for 20 wings. I couldn't even tell you what the 10 wing option costs...that's how good they are. Why are you still reading reviews?!Their micro brews are tasty and always satisfying. Their service could use some haste. Their burgers are still messy as hell & yummy. I had the flat iron steak, which apparently was not a skirt steak but a sirloin. YUM!!! I wasn't expecting gourmet style steak and potatoes (very dry) w/ perfectly crisp green beans...I'll be back for this!! I find reasons to go here. Period.Seriously... why are you still on your computer??
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,8/10/2013,93,276,,1,5>Way back in the day (I think it was probably late 2003) I had my very first experience visiting Columbus, Ohio with friends. We had ventured down to the Short North for the monthly Gallery Hop. I remember falling in love with the funky vibe and gay friendly atmosphere. It was so different than the rest of the Midwest. It reminded me of the small neighborhood off Fillmore in San Francisco I had briefly lived in with my mom and brother. My barely 18-year-old self fell in love.It was a very different place then than it is now, but it is still equally magical. It's safer, cleaner, more alive than ever before. The city and the community have done so much to revitalize the area. I'm loving the new street art I see going up on the buildings. I dug the little Short North Pole theme they had for the holidays. The restaurants, bars, shops, they all come together to make it a really neat area to explore when you have time to kill.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/9/2013,125,159,4,7,3>What could be better than Ray Rays Hog Pit?  Well the newly installed Ray Ray's Wing Shack next door attached to Ace of Cups.   We were there on a glorious spring day.  First got some burnt ends from Ray Rays.    Found a picnic table out back of Ace of Cups and went in for some "colbeers" to enjoy our Ray Rays with.  What a country!!!!The wings are smoked, then deep fried with your choice of 3 rubs and 3 sauces.  Combo them up.  I had the house rub and buffalo - Great combo.  Also tried the habanero one.  Great!!   The wings are decent size and crispy with that smoky flavor that also locks in some of the juices.  If you like wings, beer and smoked meat - GO HERE!!   It is worth the trip!!!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,8/8/2013,124,232,3,5,3>From the moment I walked into this place.....I was in HEAVEN!!!!! We went on a late Sunday afternoon.....probably around 4:30-5:00 p.m.  Needless to say the place was PACKED!! When being shown to our seat, I was taken back and overwhelmed by the variety of food they had!! Seafood, chicken, shirimp, and TONS of different types of sushi! (which I really loved!)  Of course for children and people who aren't really into good Asian food, they had pizza and stuff like that as well. I give this place 5 stars for being what it is....a GREAT Asian buffet! It's Columbus, so yeah....there were A LOT of various types of people there, lots of little kids running around and was pretty noisy for a while.   But the quality of the food outweighed all of that! I cannot WAIT to go back and feed my face again!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,8/7/2013,31,164,,5,3>MiLi opened today in the location previously held by Pochi Tea Station. They actually kept most of the signage (the part that says "Bubble Tea Café"), but it's not just a renaming; I made sure to ask about that, and I was told it's under new ownership. In fact, Pochi was listed as a Taiwanese establishment, while MiLi is, as far as I can tell, Vietnamese. (I didn't recognize the characters used in the bilingual menu and other signs, so I'm basing that guess on the fact that they sell Vietnamese sandwiches and share a name with a Vietnamese restaurant elsewhere in the city.)It's cute and nicely furnished, with the menu informally displayed on printed-out slips of paper on the front of the counter. They offer a wide selection of bubble teas, juices, smoothies, and the like, along with appetizers/snacks and -- as I mentioned above -- sandwiches. Prices range from $3 to $5.50, with the bubble teas mostly in the $3.25 to $4 range. There are tables and chairs as well as comfy-looking couches filling up the oddly-shaped floorplan. Pop music plays through the speakers, and three flatscreen TVs hang on the walls: one was showing an animal show and another displayed the cafe's own website while I was there. The third showed slides of the food offerings.I had a strawberry bubble tea and a fried tofu appetizer while there. The tea was terrific and came out in a jiffy. The tofu took a while, long enough for them to apologize when it came. Although I fry up tofu at home all the time, I've never had it in a restaurant served like this before. The cubes were so crispy that I could barely punch through the outer crust with my plastic fork, but the inside was very light and soft. It came with a sweet brown dipping sauce I didn't recognize.I was evidently not the only one keeping an eye out for the MiLi's opening: While it was never packed, there was a steady stream of customers during the hour or so I was there. I was never the only one in there. All in all, they were super-nice, and I could see myself coming back and trying more. The one area where this brand new establishment will need to step up is in menu item availability. They had neither my first tea choice (peach) nor my first food choice (veggie tofu rolls), and though the second choices were perfectly fine, it doesn't bode well if your menu doesn't match what you're carrying on the very first day.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,8/6/2013,67,792,,2,3>Surely I've reviewed this before?  No?  Well, I've been plenty of times, to see concerts, comedians, and now a musical.  The acoustics are good, the decor is astounding, the staff is helpful, and the overall experience is always great.Sweetie and I saw Wicked on a Sunday afternoon.  It was packed, but all things considered getting in and out wasn't too bad.  Parking nearby was $5, a steal for downtown.  Both of CAPA's theaters downtown are worth going to, for any show.  Take some time to wander around and look at the interiors; they just don't make things like that anymore...
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/5/2013,18,101,3,9,5>This place is amazing.  Hands down best Northern Indian food in greater Columbus.  The food, service, and even decor/cleanliness cannot be beat.Lunch buffet on Saturdays is amazing.  Prices are really good, too.  Their new location has plenty of parking and is really big.  They have really great servers and everyone is always friendly and accomodating.Don't miss the gobi naan (baked bread with cauliflower, I know it sounds weird but its amazing), or the famous chicken tikka masala (chunks of tandoori chicken in a red creamy sauce).  SO delicious.  I may have to go back there tonight!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,8/4/2013,63,141,2,8,3>Man. It is hard to give this place 4 stars, but the food was really completely excellent and I don't think I could live with myself if I only gave it 3. We tried this place at 7:15 on a Saturday before a 9:00 movie. Plenty of time to enjoy a nice meal. We had a reservation. It was not needed. Very dead. Hard location, me thinks. We ordered a bottle of wine (nice), raw oysters (very good- spectacular for the Midwest) and shrimp cocktail. Then we waited, and waited. After about 20 minutes, the waitress comes over to inform us that she forgot to add in our entree order. Doh!Now I was a server for a lot of years, so this has happened to me on more than one occasion. Easily forgiven. We got plenty of time- plus we all ordered seafood and the place is dead. How long could it possibly take? Another 30 minutes, you say? It is becoming more unforgivable. Plus, I am half in the tank at this point from the wine and lack of food. And we have 30 minutes before the movie starts. But, this place did everything right to redeem itself. For one, the food was lovely, really really excellent. Everyone's meal was perfect. I know because, I tried some of everything. Next, the waitress and the manager profusely apologized, comped our appetizers, offered to get us a cab so we could make our movie, and gave us cards for a free complimentary appetizer on our next visit.  It is well worth another visit.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,8/3/2013,27,74,7,6,2>Best fish taco in Columbus.  This is not an opinion, it is a fact.  They are awesome.  I was stoked to find they had Pyramid Apricot Ale on tap.  The salsa is a little hot for my taste, but if you marry it with the guacamole you will have the happiest little bite ever.  I have two complaints.  The first is that there is no outside seating.  My second is that hipsters love this place even more than I do.  I know, they have to eat too...But how do they fit in those tiny, tiny jeans when they do?
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,8/2/2013,86,267,,6,5>South of Lane.  Great name for a quaint little coffee, breakfast and sandwich shop in a neighborhood that was in need of a cute place like this one.  I think this one has a long future ahead.I chalk my first experience up to the time of day (7 a.m. on 4th of July), way before families were moving around.  My seat was outside at one of a few sidewalk tables.  The morning was pleasantly cool.  A drizzle had ended.  Lee, an artist and Phi Delt, was seated nearby and was painting.  Mimi was my server (a Tri Delt from Wake Forest) conversed with me about Greek life while bringing me my breakfast.  Life is good, moving slowly and I had the morning paper and coffee.  Heaven on Earth?  Perhaps.My order was the 3-2-1 western omelet, wheat toast and a fruit cup.  The fruit was a trifecta of blueberries, bananas and strawberries.  Deeeelish!   The omelet was above average in size, hot and cheesy, with plenty of veggies.  I find it difficult to find anything, ANYTHING, wrong with breakfast outside, coffee in hand, and hot.The visit paid other dividends.  Owners and partners, Catherine and Stephen, were hard at work but due to the slow July 4th morning we chatted.  The duo has something special going on at South of Lane - neighborhood, connections 'round UA and outside the community.  Most important, they're on site, interested in patrons and enjoy the fact their business is new and growing.  I was even treated to a sampling of the cafe's waffles which the owners said are MMmmmmm good.  Indeed!  They are very good - light and fluffy.Inside South of Lane you'll find an eclectic mix of tables and seats.  I think the design is made to help friends meet friends there.  I liked it.  Orders are taken at the counter and then you can grab a seat to enjoy company until food arrives.My vote is for anyone to visit South of Lane.  Of course, I shade on the side of early mornings which usually means more room to taste the food and read the paper..... and chat.  Good place, indeed!!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,8/1/2013,13,61,,5,4>What a spot! Great atmosphere, with a cmofortably upscae feel. this is the kind of place you can where you can get together with friends for great food, great drinks, and still be able to have a convesation and watch a game. The staff was very friendly, and came through with great suggestions and details on the food and drink. The food was miles beyond what I expected for a relatively "bar" atmosphere. The fries were as good as I've had anywhere, and the accompanying sauces set them off perfectly. The lobster mac and cheese was deliciously creamy and rich, but not overly so. The rest of my party agreed on various other dishes being excellent as well.Beer selection was good, all the bases covered if that's your taste. Mixed drinks, while pricey, were very very good. Worth the cost to try one, but beware, you will probably want more! Their gin and tonic had a wonderful spiced flavor, and even the margarita was different enough to set it apart from what you see anywhere else. The only real drawback here was price, but I can;t say that it's enough to drop my review from 5 down to 4, and it certainly isn't enough to keep me from going back soon!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,7/31/2013,15,111,3,4,6>I was a server here in the 90's, when the Continent was a busy place with professionals in need of a good lunch.  Now the neighborhood has fallen and the business is slow, but my old boss Ali is still cooking the good stuff.  He makes a great alfredo sauce and marinara, the cold pasta salads are very good.  My favorite years later is still the chicken ravioli in a creamy sauce.  Most ingredients come from nearby Carfagnas.  The tables inside can be easily pushed together and it is a fine environment for kids.  Nice original artwork canvas on the walls, sometimes a TV near the beverage dispenser.  Ali can also cater, brunch/lunch/dinner, he is easy to talk to about selection and prices.  If you want to support a local owner who cooks the food, go to Pasta Petite, he has been making the goods for more than 20 years.  Sadly the business is slow, so he can't afford great servers like me anymore :)
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,7/30/2013,55,62,4,4,4>I have been going to Akada every 9 weeks for a couple of years and have had nothing but exceptional service. Mindy colors, cuts, and styles my hair better than anyone else in the 30+ years that I've had hair. I've always struggled to style my naturally curly hair. Mindy takes time whenever needed to walk me through styling tips and recommend products. The rest of the staff is super friendly, and the salon is inviting. There is plenty of parking behind the salon (at least on Fridays when I tend to go). I would strongly recommend anyone looking for a great hair salon to give Akada a try. I'm more than happy to drive 30 minutes for the experience!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,7/29/2013,77,87,2,3,4>Love this store! It's an impulse shopper's dreamland. I always leave with something I don't necessarily need, but looking back am glad that I snagged because I can't live without it now. Charles Viancin lids are a good example of this! These silicon floral shaped lids have replaced wax paper and saran wrap in my home. They're great for storage and cooking and because they're silicon, they're dishwasher safe. I've been getting them for everyone; such a great gift. Also, I will never buy another Yankee-type candle now that I've splurged on soy candles at Bink Davies. They last longer and have intense fragrance that permeates my entire house. They have something for everyone here (and at all price levels) and my favorite thing is that you're supporting a local, family-owned business when you shop here. Props to Bink Davies!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,7/28/2013,54,68,,4,3>My wife and I are expecting our second child, and today was her due date.  We've always heard the old wives' tale that spicy food is supposed to induce labor.  So, we decided to make it a special evening out trying out Thai Paradise for the first time.  While the spicy cuisine didn't seem to spur any baby delivery, we were really excited to finally get to see what all the hubbub over this restaurant was.This place is indeed a paradise.  Following the recommendation of some fellow Yelpers, I decided on the Drunken Noodles which were awesome.  But, I was actually a little envious of my wife who ordered the Island Chicken.  This dish was delicious with a great balance of spicy pepper hot and coconut sweet.  Everything we had the evening was definitely 5-star quality with generous portions to boot.  If it were just the food, this restaurant would be the tops.  But, the atmosphere was great too.  There was just something about it - elegantly but modestly decorated, very friendly staff, buzzing with activity but never feeling crowded.  It just made the dining experience that much better.  I highly recommend this little gem to any one wanting great Thai/Chinese dining!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,7/27/2013,53,580,2,3,5>The last few days I keep thinking " Man, I want to go back and eat here."  That is why this gets 5 stars.  If I keep thinking of returning to a place then I think that means it is great.  I came here to find some pastry, cake, or something for my Japanese exchange student's birthday.  I also wanted to provide an opportunity for something Japanese to be shared with the class.  I settled on picking up some of their bread.  She was astounded when I came to school with the An Pan.  She commented on how authentic it was and said it taste like food in Japan.  I give this place a thumbs up when I hear comments like this.  Now, she has been stuck out in the country without much Japanese cuisine lately but it was still high compliments.  She has also visited this establishment once and loved it.  I love the red bean paste in bread, which I was shocked at.  I will return as they have a vast selection of pastries made with wheat and rice.  They have Stauf's coffee on "tap" which is a bonus.  I am looking forward to returning here to sit and relax one of these days.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,7/26/2013,29,65,2,3,3>I love this place. I'm Chinese, moved from Southern California almost 3 years ago, the land filled with 99 Ranch and Hong Kong Super Markets. This place is the best  in Columbus for me to find ingredients to replicate my mother's home cooked dishes. Their produce and meat prices are cheap. They have aisles and aisles of dried goods. Jars of pickled vegetables, chilli sauces, tofu snacks, etc etc. They even have a tiny corner full of prepared "appetizers". Anything from that corner + rice = delicious.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,7/25/2013,6,101,,5,5>I've been coming here for a little over 2 years at this point, and despite the fact that I moved to the other side of town, I still go out of my way to get my hair cut here.  I'm a creature of routine if nothing else.  I'm very particular on my barbershop and with John from Teck's passing away - this place was suggested to me and has worked out quite nicely.   I like my hair cut in a barbershop, not a salon or some hipster joint, just your typical barbershop that is quick and friendly, but more personal than a super cuts or some other chain.  All of the barbers here are quality, and the walk in system they have is extremely efficient.  Very friendly atmosphere and very active in Clintonville community.  Extremely active on social media and provides way to check if shop is busy or someone is out.  This is nice because it can get very busy at times.  I get about the most basic cut there is, but am always happy with the quality.  They draw a wide variety of clientele so I'm sure they are capable of more complex cuts.  Would love to be able to get a straight razor shave or clean up, but I think for liability and time issues they shy away from that.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,7/24/2013,10,152,,4,3>This is a really neat place to go and to relax with a good beer.  It's not a very large place but it still seemed open and pleasant.  We arrived when they opened.  The owner was there who took time away from trying to fix things that needed attention in the bar so that he could talk with us for a while.  He did go and get us samples of the root beer and cream soda for us while I sat and worked my way through their sampler tray of beers.They had an IPA, a Pale Ale, an Irish Red Ale, a Nut Brown Ale (I believe it's a seasonal), a Blonde Ale and an Oatmeal Stout.  They were all quite good and though their Stout won an award at an Ohio beer competition I'm going with their IPA as the best of their beers followed closely by their Nut Brown Ale.  The IPA has everything hop heads look for with it's big floral aroma and bitter grapefruit taste.  The best part about the beer is that even though it has a big hop flavor it's not a palate crusher that makes it impossible to taste anything else.  Their Pale Ale also had a real nice hop presence but much less than their IPA.They don't bottle yet but you can get growlers.  They even offer smaller half-growlers so you don't have to commit to drinking a huge jug of beer over two days.  It's worth the trip at least once to come check this place out and have a great central Ohio beer.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,7/23/2013,5000,286,3,5,5>Recently the dude and I came across this place and decided to give it a whirl! We got there right at closing, there was only one other table finishing up.  We noticed they had these giant margaritas, so naturally we had to try those! lol The waiter was extremely warm, friendly and welcoming to us even though it was late :) He seated us in a big comfy booth as we had a few exchanges in Spanish and quickly we were HOOKED UP with two giant margaritas and two shots of Jose! Now I have drank some giant margaritas in my day but these margaritas were GIANT!!! They were tasty too! Woo hop HOO! (Thats better than woop woop/that just means SCORE/woo hop HOO means E ticket ride superbowl triple threat homerun world series MVP SCORE)Now I'm really excited!!! Everyone that knows me KNOWS how much I dig authentic Mexican food and margaritas.  So, when the fresh made authentic chips and salsa came out I was so impressed I asked if they had a HOT salsa bc I like it Caliente! Sure enough, he says, "yes we do" music to my ears as he brings me this smokey, spicy, bowl of Caliente that blew my mind ;p I just kept repeating myself, we are still in ohio right? This is Ohio right? It was too hot for hubby so he orders the creamy white cheese to cool off his Caliente! It must have been good too bc he ate the whole thing b4 I could even taste it! I swear he was bout to lick the bowl as we ran out of chips but they were quickly refilled :)  I asked about a few dishes and of course I mentioned several times I like it HOT so he suggested I try the Camarones a la diabla, which is shrimp in a spicy tomato sauce.  I have had it many, many times, b4 and everyone has their little spin on it.  But when this dish came out it came with these little fried potato things It said "French fries" but these were no French fries I ever had whatever they were they were frekin amazballs! The spicy shrimp, the little fried potato curl things, and a avocado salad was spot on super fresh & cooked perfectly Delish!!!  Hubby had a steak ranchero and scarfed it down b4 I got to try any of it as well, dang it!!!Now the shots we ordered came in shot glasses as should be, full to the top of the shot glass as pictured.  Unlike the nemesis Rancho Allegra and El Caminomore,  who serves only halfy baby shots and charges you full price :( Speaking of pricesour bill wasn't even $50 bucks and that included the two Texas amazballs margaritas and shots!!We closed the place down, ended up hanging out in the kitchen with the chef, and ended our night hugging everyone good-bye! I was speaking Italian by then and no one could figure out what I was talking bout! I think this had something to do with the fact that I drank the whole giant Texas size margarita :p Yep, WARNING: Drink giant margarita at own risk it will make you believe your in another country, speaking as many languages that comes to mind! No one will understand you or care anyway! ;p The coolest Mexican dive I been to around c-bus! Check it out peeps! Winner Circle triple threat amazballs!!Not bad for a Tuesday night, only the morning was awkward :) lol
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/22/2013,43,21,6,9,6>Awesome place for pie! I had been meaning to check this place out for quote some time and finally made it in. I wasn't sure what to expect...great pizza or mediocre pizza...or even *gasp* terrible pizza. What I got was fabulous pizza in a fabulous, small town feel. First off, they bring your kid some pizza to play with like Play-Doh. Crazy cool, right? Heck yeah! Then came the garlic bread, which was done just right. Flavorful with a nice crunch without being TOO crunchy. The sauce was wonderful. Tart, a bit of a tang, with a smooth sweetish finish.  Yum!Then the piece de resistance! The pie!! One word: ohmygoditstoofabulousforwords. Crispy edges but not burned, nice and cheesy, just the right amount of sauce and tasty toppings. Next, I was really impressed when the owner stopped by to check in on us. I mean, I was used to that when I actually LIVED in a small town. But since moving to Columbus, ummmm not so much. The personal interaction is beyond words. However, more than that was seeing the owner just sit down at a table with some customers and talk....REALLY talk like the old friends they probably are.  Now that speaks volumes. Family owned biz where the family cares about its customers like extended family.Finally, as if all that could be topped, my son got a free brownie. A BIG brownie too. Not a flavorless piece of brownie-ish substance, but a delicious, moist, chocolatey brownie covered with a mouth-watering icing. Icing that was crisp on the top but oh sooooo gooey underneath, perfection itself. I fully intend to become a regular, and maybe one day, the owner will come sit at MY table and chat for a while. :)Lovely antiqued interior like two large stained glass windows and very comfy booths where you actually sit up and not sink into the booth and feel like a kid at the adults' table!All in all, I recommend Pasquale's if you're looking for a more intimate, family-oriented place to get quality, delicious Italian food just like you would at Mama's table...if only you were Italian. ;)
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/21/2013,38,155,,5,3>It's fast food Asian... so no, not the most amazing authentic food, but I think it's pretty good considering! Huge portions and reasonably priced. I had a half order of steamed dumplings (which were OK) and chow fun (which was not exactly like chow fun I'm used to, but was still tasty).The food came out pretty fast, and the decor in the place is cheery and kind of adorable. But then again, with a name like Oodles of Noodles, what can you expect? =) It's not a "waited staff" kind of place, but the staff was pretty attentive.Would definitely go there again if I was looking to get something yummy in a rush and was in the neighbourhood.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,7/20/2013,42,196,3,4,5>If there was a "4.5 stars" option for reviews, I totally would have selected it. I was so close to giving a 5 star rating, but not quite. I hope to return someday and update my review with a full 5 stars. Now, on to the review.First of all, I have been here a couple times: once for pies and once for pints. The first time, I dropped in for a couple of beers when I was in the area. Amazing selection, that is for sure. They might not have 60 taps, but each one seems to be carefully selected from a variety of styles and strengths. To that effect, their board has each beer style broken down so if you are looking for an IPA for example, you can easily pick one. The bartender did seem a bit surly and it wasn't all that busy to boot. My second visit involved pizza for lunch, but no beer since it was too early (sacrilege?!) We were wavering and himhawing between a few flavors of pie, until our waitress cheerily told us that we can get half and half. I would highly recommend this option, since you can try two signature dishes and there is plenty of pizza for two, maybe 3 people. We opted for the margherita and pesto pizzas, which are very similar yet each had their own distinct flavor. Sadly, it took a very long time for the pizza to show up at our table. I don't know if this is a function of the more handmade process that they likely use, or if it was just a slow day. It took well over a half an hour from order to arrival, probably close to 40 minutes. When it did though, boy was it worth it. The cheese tasted so fresh it was to die for, and the basil and pesto flavors on both pies were wonderful. These are big pizzas too. We both ate until satisfied and had leftovers for later. I only felt myself wishing that there was more pesto on the pesto pizza. It felt like merely a drizzle, so perhaps I next time I would ask for extra. Service this time was great, no complaints.Do yourself a flavor and try P&P if you are in the area. I doubt you will be disappointed.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,7/19/2013,42,96,3,7,3>Indonesian restaurants in Columbus are like Highlander - there can only be one...  Taste of Bali was around for quite a while (I still miss their gudeg), followed by Lily's for a year or two, and now Aromaku.  Fortunately, each succeeding Indonesian restaurant (or food truck, in this case) is better than the one before, so here's hoping Aromaku is here to stay.We ordered three dishes when we went - the ayam goreng wings, the rendang with prata, and the ayam bakmi.  The owner ran short on prata, and as a result threw in an order of the martabak telor for free.  Given she was only short one piece of prata, it was pretty generous on her part.The ayam goreng is fried chicken, Indonesian-style.  It's marinated in various spices and sauces (tamarind, soy sauce, ginger, coriander, tumeric, etc.) and then fried.  They were tender and cooked just right, and came with a bit of dipping sauce and pickled vegetables for good measure.Aromaku's rendang didn't quite measure up for me - not nearly as rich with coconut milk and coconut meat as I expected.  But I don't mean to complain, it's still a nice dish with deep flavors and the prata is perfect for scooping up that extra gravy floating on the styrofoam dish.  (Since I first wrote this review, Aromaku has changed their preparation of rendang - it is now the rich unctuous dish that it should be, and consequently I highly recommend it).The ayam bakmi is a simple dish of stir-fried egg noodles and minced chicken, accompanied by stir-fried bean sprouts and Chinese cabbage, and lots of deep-fried garlic on top.  It's the kind of dish you would eat on the side of the street in Indonesia, and being able to order it on Morse Road in Columbus is a small miracle in and of itself.And the martabak telor?  Thanks to Aromaku for giving it to us for free, as it was easily the star of the show.  Ground beef, egg, and scallions wrapped in the same thin wrapper used for spring rolls and lumpia, deep-fried and served with a sweet chili dipping sauce.  A completely new dish for me, and definitely worth a return trip.They also had a couple new specials on the white board on the side of the truck - soto betawi (beef soup) and grilled chicken - so it looks like they're continuing to add to their menu.You'll have to look a bit for Aromaku, they're parked on the west side of Lev's Pawn Shop, and the black truck isn't the easiest to spot, but they're definitely worth looking for.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/18/2013,28,247,5,4,5>Stopped in for the soft opening yesterday after word spread from a friend. Awesome outdoorsy feel without being outside! The roof in the front area opens up like a giant sunroof - pretty snazzy considering the SN lacks ample outdoor bar seating. Only places I can think of with large seating is Haiku, La Fogata, and Union but they're more on the restaurant spectrum. The inside area has a massive garage type door (think Bar Louie) that can open up to let in the streaming light and semi-out doorsiness from the front area. This secondary area is about 3 times as big as the front area - definitely can hold more people than any other SN bar. They were handing out free food but I didn't try any (had just eaten brunch). Menu fare that I remember would be flatbreads (ugh what place DOESN'T have flatbreads these days? Almost getting cliche), macies and cheesies, pretzely things to go with the bier garden vibe, fries, yadda yadda. Menu didn't have prices listed so I'm sure there will be some tweaking. More menu options than say SN's newest addition, Arch City. Draft beers are $6 but are pretty massive. Had a Hoeegarden and I'm pretty sure it was the equivalent of 20-24 oz. Inside has huge screen TVs and the males were commenting about how nice they were so this is a place to watch some sports. Now for the bathrooms. I believe there are at least 6 bathrooms, all individual. They are UNISEX and have a locked that shows occupied or vacant (but hard to read in the low lighting). I have mixed feelings on this. First, I think it could help with line speeds but that's where the benefits end. Men, in general, are messy pee-ers and having a urinal 6 inches from a toilet grosses me out. I'm glad they didn't dump (no pun intended) a ton of money into fancy bathrooms - no snazzy sinks or fixtures here. Although I really likes the glass tile. Bathrooms are very dimly lit. Not best for late night make-up touches. Also, prime spot for "couples" to go off and lock themselves in there for awhile.... JUST SAYING just because this is in the SN doesn't mean Arena District skankiness won't infiltrate. It wouldn't be fair to comment on the service as obviously it was chaotic but they were definitely trying. Lastly, I could see consumer confusion happening with the name - Pint Room (in Dublin) vs. Pint House (in Short North). I know I was confused at first!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,7/17/2013,65,187,,5,4>I hosted a 30th birthday here last weekend and experienced the best customer service in Columbus.  Generally, service is good in this town, but especially at high-concept places, I sometimes feel like I need to bend my expectations to meet the experience the staff is providing.  They all do a nice job, provided you're playing their game.  Which is fine. Spagio Cellar staff stood out to me at this party because they did everything they could to provide the exact experience I wanted.  What a joy.  We had a party of about 18, and I expressed the desire to have sort of a mingling area where people didn't feel confined to sit, they could come and go, etc.  And Spagio obliged.  Upon arrival, the long center table was set with numbered placemats, and two servers helpfully suggested that guests should peruse the menu or the shelves, pick anything out, and simply provide their mat number or tab name and party on.  Throughout the night, the servers reappeared at just the right time to take a food order from a random guest, or to pop another cork, or to provide cake plates (without a slicing fee!).  There were no rolled eyes, there was not even a batted eye when more dishes were ordered or when tabs got combined or split.  They seemed truly happy to make sure everyone was having a good time, and that dealing with obtaining food and drink never a hassle. Hands down - the best service experience I can remember in Columbus.  Look here for parties, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,7/16/2013,241,94,2,4,1>A great place to chill and catch up with friends, even a large group if you time it right.We brought a group of ~12 here on a Friday evening around 7:00 and had no problems grabbing a table.The space is open and airy, with plenty of seating out back.  I love that they saved the old roll-up doors from the previously existing garage and that these doors can be rolled up to connect the bar to the outside.Decor is pretty simple--a friend characterized the benches out front as very reminiscent of the bier gardens he had experienced in Germany.The beer selection is pretty small, with 5-7 beers to choose from (a few of Seventh Son's house-made pours and a few others).  Someone commented that they thought that perhaps Seventh Son started their brew process about 6 months off from when they were ready to serve their beers, but I'm sure this is something they'll work through over time (although it seemed odd that they didn't have a wheat beer).  I did like that you could see all of the beer-making equipment off to one side of the pub.Food selection consists of whatever food truck is parked outside that day.  With only one truck, I would guess that there could be a bit of a wait if the place was pretty crowded.Ladies, the bathroom seemed pretty clean (I think I'm going to start including that in my reviews from now on).Other reviewers are right--I think parking is pretty limited.  However you can probably find a spot along the street in the surrounding neighborhood.  But, be careful--I think there are some places around there that might make you nervous walking back to your car alone at the end of the night.For anyone looking to grab a beer with friends in the Short North area, this is a more mature, relaxed alternative to the drama-filled, hyper-sexed Park St. scene.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2013,7/15/2013,104,150,4,4,3>My go-to spot after work!Great beer selection, although the happy hour is only $1 off Ohio beers. Not exactly a steal... but the ambiance is just the perfect balance of chill and bustle that piques my interest. If you are fortunate enough to snag a table during rush hour (6-9p), make it a point to indulge in one of their appetizers. The sweet potato fries steal the show and come with a delicious signature sauce. My girlfriend and I experimented with the eggplant fries and were not disappointed in the least! Crispy, heartwarming...eggplant will never be the same. The nachos, made with potato chips instead of tortilla chips will indubitably go straight to your hips butttt sweet baby Jesus are they delicious. To be noted: split all appetizers with a friend or friends. If not, brace yourself for a tummy ache four hours down the road. If you are trying to watch your wasteline, just don't. The hummus plate, probably your only healthy option, is bland. It's like a Division II team playing Georgetown in March Madness, compared to all their other appetizers and sandwiches.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/14/2013,63,56,2,6,2>If I could give 6 stars to this place, I would!! I've read some mixed reviews about this place, so not sure if I've just gotten lucky or they have been unlucky - but this is one of my favorite restaurants in Columbus. I'm far from a wine expert, but I do appreciate a nice tasting wine. I have been to Wine Guy twice and both times I would say I had some of the best food I've ever had in Columbus. Good enough that you think how good it was hours and days after!  My date and I arrived about 730 on a Friday and sat right down, but I have been there before and waited over an hour. One advantage to waiting is being able to browse the wine bottle selections. There are hundreds if not thousands of wines to look at. If you have to wait try picking a bottle and hiding the price, have your date guess the amount. There are bottles from $5 to $300. They always have great wine flights to choose from. Great way to try some new wines. After tasting, we ordered a bottle of our favorite red from the flight. After some cheese and wine, we both had the lobster pasta. It was absolutely amazing. Smaller portion, but I had nearly filled up on cheese and wine, so it was actually the perfect size. Nice romantic restaurant. Can't recommend it enough. hope to go back soon!!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,7/13/2013,114,214,3,3,2>Mickey's is awesome and a great go-to spot for Karaoke Thursday-Sunday.  It can get pretty crowded, so get there early, snag a table and get your name on the list if you want to sing.  You will see a great mix of quality singers and the usual, more casual drunk karaokers.  Don't be intimidated, just go ahead and sing as the crowd is very appreciative (aka intoxicated).Drinks are cheap, which is nice.  But it's cash only, so be sure that you have some.  The only other ding on the place is that it's quite divey and definitely the men's bathroom is small and super gross.  Still a fantastic place to spend an evening and a great place to go for birthdays or to celebrate.Just bring cash and get ready to sing your heart out!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,7/12/2013,15,79,,6,4>My boyfriend and I decided to check out Sesame Sea Bistro because of the positive review on Yelp, and we were not disappointed. First of all major kudos to the Waiter. He was the only server for the whole restaurant, which was about 12 tables. We never had to wait longer then expected for anything and he was extremely courteous.We loved the lettuces wraps, which was a suggestion from the waiter after our original appetizer was not available. The meals were enough for two and I ended up taking home half my meal which made for an awesome lunch the next day. What i most enjoyed was the absence of overly powerful salty flavor which can be found at other Asian resturants.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,7/11/2013,42,175,4,5,3>I'm giving Hot Dawgs the benefit of the waffling and going 4 stars.  I've been here a few times now and I dig it for the most part!  I like their second city best (their version of a Chicago dog).  I think they do a great job cooking the Nathan's they serve here.  And their fried mac and cheese? It is glorious, friends.  I did that thing once where I ate them all and Boyfriend got none (I have no idea why the man stays with me).I did have a couple concerns though.  The menu is really hard to understand, and I don't think I'm an idiot.  It's laid out funny where you kind of don't know where to look and you don't exactly know what your options are.  Also, the owner was talking to us at one point about the hot dog special of the day and we had trouble even locating where it was on the menu.  It shouldn't be so confusing just to order hot dogs.  That's why hot dogs are so great.The other thing may be mostly a personal preference, but one of the times we came, one of the employees came out and was just dropping a lot of behind the scenes knowledge on us: a local business that said they were coming in and then didn't, how hard it is to lose food to the time/storage/expiration date quandry, even said something not great about another Columbus hot dog place.  I was not into this noise.  Listen, dude, I am at your restaurant.  I am having a good experience.  But it makes me like you less when you show me the man behind the curtain and put down other places.  It just makes me sad!  So I think the way to avoid this is to be completely and totally immersed in the conversation you're having with the person you're with.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,7/10/2013,138,148,,6,3>Why do I like this location? One big thing for me, instead of standing in line, they offer a "take-a-number" system here with plenty of seating in a bright open sunny room. Plenty of open parking in this small offset shopping center set back from High St/23 and off Lazelle road makes it easy to get in and out of this location.The good folks that work here have always been very friendly and quick to respond to any questions I have had and seem to go the extra mile when it comes to customer service.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/9/2013,114,521,,5,5>One nice thing about moving closer to the Campus area is that suddenly, Wings Over is a viable dinner option. The wings are huge, the sauces are tasty, and the fries aren't bad.I know they have other stuff (ribs, sammiches, salads), but somehow it never happens. We look at the great combo prices for the Wings, and we order. (Seriously, you can get 25 wings and a large fry for $20 out the door. How crazy is that?)I'm just outside their delivery area, but I don't mind the drive over - usually if I place a carry out order over the phone or online, it's ready when I pull up to their door. If they ever added space to actually sit down and eat, BW3 and Winking Lizard would be in serious trouble!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,7/8/2013,27,185,2,3,2>Though sushi is the specialty, this cozy little place a stones throw from the Marcus Crosswoods theater also serves up some tasty Japanese grub.  The restaurant isn't very big, but the bright lighting and spacious arrangement makes it feel roomy, and there is space for some fairly large groups.  Or, if you prefer, there is always space at the sushi bar itself.  Decor is typical  - wall scrolls of Japanese ukiyoe prints, some cute maneki neko with waving paws...   it has a simple, clean feel to it.As the name implies, the focus is the sushi, which is pretty darn good.  I especially liked the sweet potato roll which was both sweet and crunchy.  We also split a sushi-ko roll which had some great ingredients and a nice texture.  Both were well put together and tasted fresh.  I was even more impressed by their main courses.  I tried their yakisoba which was probably the best I've had since leaving Japan.  The texture of the noodles was fantastic, and the taste spot on.  Definitely something I would order again.  However, I also really liked the chicken katsu one of my companions ordered.  ...seriously the best katsu I've had in a long time, it was plentiful and surprisingly juicy.  Too many times, katsu is beaten so thin and fried so hard that it becomes dry and loses all its flavor.  This, though, had great flavor and was addictive to eat.  Lucky for me (or considering my waist line, unlucky...) my companion couldn't finish it all  :)   My other companion had a sushi meal with salmon which certainly looked amazing, but I can't comment on flavor since it's just not something I like to start.   He enjoyed it though and that's what matters though so....  They do have some ice cream, even tempura fried ice cream, and a few other treats for dessert, but we opted to skip on this visit.  Service was very good and polite.  They were always there with the tea when you needed.  The only complaint I'd have is that we were given one menu for the entire table which, though not an uncommon practice, is one I have never really liked.  Anyway, definitely give this place a try if you want some tasty Japanese cooking, and keep in mind that Tuesday from 5-10 they have half priced sushi.  There is also a 10% off coupon online... which I wish I'd remembered on this visit but... oh well.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,7/7/2013,83,164,,5,2>I always thought that the Bangkok was the best Thai food in Columbus. Well....not be be disloyal (I still love you Bangkok) but the Westgate Imports Market is another animal entirely. Just 3 small tables in the back of a grocery store but wow. If the Bangkok is like eating great Thai street food this place is as if you had your Thai grandmother make you lunch. It's incredible.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,7/6/2013,33,299,,3,3>I really enjoyed my visit to Heirloom.  The menu has a lot of choices, including breakfast all day, sandwiches, salads, and entrees.  Many ingredients are locally sourced, such as the poultry and Luna Burgers - and I love that this concept is being integrated even more into the museum via the sustainable urban garden just outside the Wex.  There is a lot of variety in the menu, and even more common dishes have special twists, like the arugula and pickled red onion topping on the Chipotle Buffalo Chicken.The food options are also very accommodating for vegetarians and gluten free choices - just ask at the counter for the list of gf options, if desired - which even includes several desserts from the case!On our most recent visit, my husband enjoyed the Chipotle Buffalo Chicken with kettle chips, and I had the Eye Opener Burrito sans tortilla to make it gluten free.  We both loved our dishes.  I loved the use of chorizo sausage in the burrito, and it was served with some great hot sauce and salsa to add as desired.  The sandwiches come with a number of options for the side, including salad, kettle chips, fruit, and something called "The Grainy," which is described as grains with veggies that change periodically.While it is a touch pricey, I wouldn't consider it cost prohibitive, particularly given the focus on local ingredients and the location inside a museum.  There is plenty of seating and wifi too.  I definitely plan on stopping here again.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,7/5/2013,39,170,2,4,2>After reading yelp reviews, my husband and I were extremely excited to try this place.Holy Jeez!  This place was fantasitc!  The service was phenomenal, and the food was superb!  Per the recommendation of the waitress, we chose the San BBQ....  we were given a spicy soup, steamed rice, boiled/poached egg, red leaf lettuce, and 8 additional sides such as kim chi, mung bean sprouts, sweet potato noodles, spinach, etc. with heaping portions of pork belly, kalbi, and another red meat (for the life of me, I can't think of it).  The waitress goes from table to table cooking and chatting while not being intrussive.  You can cook the meat yourself if you would like to have a little more privacy.  The combo for two was $54ish, which is a smidge hefty for a random Tuesday night, but def worth it for the amount of food you receive.We definately will be back... maybe to explore the menu further, but I doubt that we'll be able to turn down the BBQ :-)
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,7/4/2013,1214,553,11,9,9>I'll admit it - I'm not a big fan of Easton. In fact, I've been known to call it a "soulless hell" once or twice. Or every other day. Whatever.Then, my beloved Northstar came to Easton. Maybe I boycotted it for a year because I thought they were sellouts. Whatever.Eventually I found a new way of looking at Northstar. They weren't sellouts - they were providing me an oasis away from work. Away from the rest of Easton. Away from the soulless hell.And that's exactly how I'm looking at the new Jeni's. A new place to go to escape a bad day. A new place to host team meetings for work. A new place to go after lunch at Northstar. But back to the Easton Jeni's...This is one of her smaller stores, but I believe it's the most beautiful! The subway tiles, the Jeni's-orange wall, the tall ceilings, the wooden panels, the outdoor heaters, the marquis sign - I love it all! Oh, and of course it's the same world-class artisanal ice cream that the nation has fallen in love with.Yeah, yeah, the store is at Easton. I still love it. Whatever.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,7/3/2013,19,189,3,5,5>I like Co-Ops. I imagine that Clintonville Community Market, is what Whole Foods started off as a bagillion years ago. This is a neat, eccentric specialty market that has a really wide range of locally grown, organic, healthy food. This location has actually housed a market of some sort or another continuously for at least 100 years or so, which is pretty awesome. The wide range of bulk spices, and unique cheeses, soaps, honey, and grains are pretty awesome. They have a pretty limited fresh meat selection but that is okay, I can get meat from other places. There is a little bit of everything here, that is locally owned,  and they have Dr. Bommers Soap,  ( IN BULK ! !!) which is a positive in my book. I mean how can you not love the stuffI wouldn't shop here on a regular basis, and but I do enjoy walking through the isles, talking to the friendly staff, and finding that unique item that I can't get anywhere else. Plus it is locally owned which is a plus.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,7/2/2013,48,48,3,4,5>This place is straight up amazing.  You'll miss it, most likely, if you're not looking for it.  Tucked away on Whittier, but it's a gem.  I always get their friend bologna sandwich with a coney.  So good.  Their prices are great and so is their staff.  They genuinely seem like they love their job and are always greeting you with a smile.  It's pretty tiny inside but they also have outdoor seating if it's warm.  Seriously, check this place out!!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,7/1/2013,363,423,2,7,2>Just like other reviewers have said....  The place is cramped and very busy, so be prepared to wait....a long time sometimes.  Just sign in and they will get to you when they get to you.  They move 'em as quickly as possible.  Play the jukebox or just sit and people watch if need be.You've probably heard about the legendary Thurman Burger?  It's huge and messy.  Not for me.  No thanks.  It's a monster of a burger.Pizza Thins!  That's why I love this place.  Ultra thin slightly crispy crust that's just enough to hold the toppings.  Subs are awesome and a great value.  Jalapeno bites are good to nosh on until the main stuff comes out.Service is always good to great.  One person takes your order, someone else gets your drinks, someone else delivers your food but there's never a problem with order accuracy.  This place also has more stuff on their walls than a 14 year old girl.  Stuff everywhere!  Makes for conversation when things are dragging a bit.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,6/30/2013,34,74,2,4,2>This is honestly probably my favorite restaurant in Columbus. Their sandwiches are delicious, their store section is interesting, the staff is awesome, and their bread samples make me happy.It is just an all around interesting place. You walk in, and if there is a long line you can be entertained by looking at their huge selection of jams and olive oil and salt and whatever else you can think of, and snack on the above mentioned bread. Or, you can stare at the menu, because you're going to need time, because it was seriously HUGE. I was almost relieved when it was lent and I was eating vegan and only had four [all delicious sounding] options to choose from.Once when I was there, they were celebrating National Knish Month [yes, knish is a thing, and yes, it has its own holiday]. They rang a bell and sang a song and gave my friend free knish. Too cool.Like I said. the line is sometimes long and makes the entrance cramped, but once you have ordered and are seated they don't take too long. They are a bit pricey though, not good for a student budget. Granted, you get a lot of food, but I unfortunately cannot eat here on the reg.Oh, and there are barrels of FREE PICKLES.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,6/29/2013,141,548,2,9,5>Apparently this place is under new management (with a new cook) as of Feb '13, so the previous reviews may need to be discounted.  Regardless, after months of not being able to find decent take-out Chinese food after moving to Cbus from SF, I finally found satisfaction at Main Moon.  Ordered the shrimp/veg stir-fry and the mu-shoo chicken (total $19 with rice and tax), and enjoyed both.  They were both fresh, tasty, and plentiful, and unlike other Chinese food I've had in town, neither was salty or greasy.I'm happy to finally have a go-to Chinese take-out place near my home.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,6/28/2013,68,149,2,3,3>Who doesn't like a wide variety of different wines and beers? Who doesn't like samples of a few select draughts while you shop?Corner Stone opened just about a month ago on the corner of Parsons Ave and Oak St., and is brought to you by the owners of The Tavern (across from Yellow Brick Pizza).Feel free to build your own 6-pack from a vast selection of beers, grab a bottle (or two) of your favorite wine, and/or treat yourself to a 32/64oz Growler filled with a tasty draught!Prices are reasonable and it's a nice, little hole-in-the-wall place. Kevin, co-owner, is a cool guy and is more than willing to suggest a tasty beer or just chit-chat. For those of you who might accompany a friend and not like higher-end beers, they do have a section for your familiars.Support locals and spread the word about Corner Stone! Check out the Cbus Underground article (oldetowneeast.org/corner). That's how I discovered a lot of the back story to this place.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,6/27/2013,30,144,3,7,4>Breaking from tradition, the wife and I hit up Pancake House on Sunday morning.  Let's face it, regular breakfast fare isn't the hardest or most complex of meals.  Just about anyone can scramble an egg, fry some bacon and operate a toaster.  So, I start to look for other elements by which to judge my old-school diners (which I love).Pancake House passed my preliminary checklist test with flying colors: fresh brewed iced tea (not from a gun), yep; hash browns from shredded potatoes (not diced), yep.  We're off to a great start!  The bacon, eggs, toast and hash browns were all solid - cooked to specifications and a good value.  The service was also fantastic - very attentive to both our needs and the quality of the food (when our waitress dropped off the meal, she asked if my toast was too charred for my liking - it wasn't, but it was great that she cared enough to ask).   The owner also came by to ensure that everything was to our liking.What really set Pancake House apart was not the regular pancakes the wife had (they were solid, but again, it's hard to mess those up), but the cornmeal pancakes I had.  Holy mother of breakfast diner foods were those things good.  I love corn bread as it is, but now you're putting it in pancake form? Oh my.  To quote the wife, "those were the most delightful things I've ever eaten." (Yes, she stole from my plate . . . grrrrr)My one knock on Pancake House is it's layout and size make it a bit chilly (no double door) when the temp outside is low (as it was this weekend).  You may also face a wait on weekends (there was a bit of a line when we left).  Oh, and if you don't like facilities that are a bit "run down" (I like to think of it as adding charm to an old diner) - skip it.  As for us, we will definitely be back for the cornmeal pancakes.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,6/26/2013,69,101,4,15,8>Dare I say it, Ajisai might be the best sushi in Columbus. It was so wonderful I felt the obligation to quickly give them a review. Ambiance:Don't let the outside fool you, it looks like a former Lone Star with a new sign, the inside is completely redone with modern Asian themed decor. Half of the restaurant is tepan yaki tops, the other half is tables/full bar/sushi bar. Very romantic for a date night. Service:As a West Coast transplant, I really appreciate the thick accents of my fellow Asians (although I totally sound like a white girl...), it somehow gives the restaurant authenticity. Our waitress was attentive, polite, and most importantly, never let our drinks get more than half empty. Food:After having been burned by another restaurant that shall remain unnamed, I am very skeptical of trying new Columbus sushi places. Ajisai really rose to the occasion with fresh fish, beautiful presentation, and some innovative flavor combinations.Soft shell crab appetizer - $6.95- tender yet crispy on a bed of tempura veggiesSpicy negihama roll - $6.95 - my favorite of the night - spicy yellowtail with masago that is the most delicate blend of spicy to highlight the sweetness of the fish. Yum!Spider roll - $9.50 - crunchy, delicious, hint of eel sauceNaruto roll - $10.95 - salmon/tuna/white fish/avocado all beautifully married inside a cucumber wrapper with a tangy ponzu "Naruto" sauce. Both beautiful and refreshing.Overall, this place was just wonderful. The quality rivals that of the creative and delicious sushi restaurants I grew up loving in Las Vegas. Needless to say, we're definitely coming back.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,6/25/2013,9,68,,4,2>Cornerstone is a reliable spot for decent food at fair prices. The service here is really fast, the bathroom (women's) is clean, and it's a decent hangout spot with free wifi, though it can get noisy during busy hours. I've enjoyed the fried tofu stir-fry, fried shrimp sushi roll, and california sushi roll. I've always asked the rolls to be spicy, which means a drizzle of spicy mayo sauce on top. The stir-fry comes with a good amount of vegetables (carrots, onion, zucchini, broccoli), which I appreciate. I've also had their chicken pad thai, which tasted heavy on the fish sauce, but I resolved this with more squeezes of lime juice. The coffee here is terrible - do not get it.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/24/2013,56,250,2,4,2>How have I not written a review for Yanni's I do not know?  I really consider this one of my best finds from using Yelp!  The place is really run by a true Greek family.  The sauce they put on their gyros is to die for (and no it's not Ranch, anyone that thinks it is has no taste buds).  The gyros are the best thing to get here for an entree but what I really like the best is the chicken lemonata soup.  They give it to you in a big cup when you get it to go and I just drink it one the way home.  The hummus, omg the hummus, is incredible.  I've never really liked hummus, I thought that the stuff you got at the store was hummus and no, it's not....the hummus you get at Yanni's is the real deal.  It's like comparing microwaved cheap pizza to Pasquales pizza, LOL.  This place is relatively small and almost always busy, at least at the checkout where everyone is getting food to go.  You will sometimes have a small wait for your food if you don't call ahead so I'd recommend you call ahead and they will have the food when you get there.  If you do get hummus I'd recommend you get extra bread as their bread is delicious but we usually run out, even when using a lot of hummus on each piece.I'm not really recommending one dines in here if it's busy as it can be a bit crowded but if you do you can count on pretty good service and Yanni himself is really super friendly.  If you're in the mood for some Greek food you have to go to Yanni's, it's easily the best Greek food that you will find in Columbus.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,6/23/2013,26,378,6,2,4>One of the reasons we moved out of downtown was that there were no grocery stores. After years of rumors and promises, The Hills Market finally came to downtown with much fanfare (we were there when the mayor cut the ribbon with the oversized scissors). While the prices one some items are a bit high, The Hills specializes in local vendors. I think they have more local vendors than any other store. We were happy to walk out of the place with two cartons of Snowville milk, and a take-and-bake Hills pizza for $15 total. That combined with the myriad of samples we got (we took a couple half-pints of Jeni's home), and we were happy customers. The pizza was pretty great too. Tons of cheese and pepperoni.EDIT: Just went back today. The Hills needs to put up some signs in the lot about parking. If you park around the attached abandoned building (basically the same parking lot as The Hills), you'll get yelled at by fat white trash ladies about how they pay to park there and they know the owner and whatnot. I asked where the sign was, and they pointed to some tiny sign on a garage door on the other side of the lot. I told them that their parking lot owner can kiss my ass, and they told me they'd let him know. Sadly, I never got to meet Mr. Manager of the parking lot. So screw them, until they post a sign, I'm parking wherever there's an open spot in the parking lot.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/22/2013,229,539,1,3,3>This theater is pretty awesome. We saw a Film Festival movie here and I was so thankful that they brought the Journey movie here. It was great and I really appreciated that they don't solely show mainstream movies like other theaters. The snack bar is pretty good. They have unique (well for a movie theater) items and the staff is pretty cool. There was nothing show stopping (ha ha ha) about the theaters themselves. They were much like any other theater. I would not go out of my way to go to this particular theater unless, like in this instance, they had a movie that no other theater was showing. Thanks Gateway Film Center for showing stuff you can't get elsewhere. You got my business based on that alone.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,6/21/2013,42,170,,5,3>Very solid addition to the growler shop scene.  Located in the Grandview area, this growler shop focuses entirely on Ohio craft beer.  Not just what you'd expect either (ie, a ton of Great Lakes with a little CBC sprinkled in).  There are selections from breweries across the state, several of which are not always easy to find.  So far, I've brought home excellent beers from Listermann, Jackie O's, Rivertown, and Mt. Carmel and have sampled Maumee Bay, Rust Belt, Blank Slate, and many others.The atmosphere is pretty cool, with a lot of old light fixtures and a custom pallet wall.  The staff is friendly and fairly knowledgeable.  They have a cool growler filling mechanism that counterpressures the jug to fill faster and make the growler last longer (as if you'd want to keep beer rather than drink it right away).  They are pet friendly, which is nice for me since I have a new puppy who can't be left alone for long.Stop by for a few samples and then take home some Ohio beer!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/20/2013,40,101,,3,3>The tag-line in my Yelp profile says "Beer + Food = Yummy," so this place had my name written all over it.  And it didn't disappoint.  Both the beer and food were good.  I liked it, and will be back.It is in the corner store front of a strip mall off Sawmill Rd in Dublin.  It doesn't have the ambiance of a downtown location, but they do a nice job with making the decor inside homey and inviting.  There is a lot of wood and fireplaces inside; it is rustic.It is a casual place with a prominent bar featuring beer and a full spread of liquor.  Beer list is good; not an obscene number of taps, but a nice variety of good beers.  I had a Fat Heads Head Hunter IPA and a Two Brothers Cane & Ebel.  Both tasted good.Menu is pretty small, but diverse.  We split some peirogis and their "tater tots" as an appetizer; both were excellent.  I had mussels and frites.  The frites were nicely seasoned and tasty (reminded me of a less greasy version of Five Guys fries) but were cut and prepared differently than Belgian frites.  Mussels were quite good; a good serving size, they tasted clean, and were nicely prepared.  The cream and beer broth they came in was delicious.A nice place, nice beers, good menu, and really very reasonably priced for what you get.  I hope to return soon.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,6/19/2013,16,28,,4,2>Sunday brunch at Sage is truly as good as it gets! This adorable space right on High Street is somewhat of a hidden gem. The interior is made up of exposed brick and gorgeous art work for sale. Great experience all around.I ordered the duck eggs benedict and literally CLEANED my plate it was so good!! Brioche toast is topped with pulled duck, spinach, roasted red peppers, a perfectly poached egg and creamy hollandaise sauce. Drooling while typing that.I was dining with my parents and sister so I was able to sample what everyone else got and every single dish was top notch. The prices were reasonable--brunch options between $8 and $15. My mom ordered a Mango Bellini and it was so sweet and bubbly. The Sauf's coffee is the icing on the cake at Sage.I can't wait to try dinner!!PS--Lots of parking in the back! Rear entrance as well.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,6/18/2013,159,169,3,7,6>Portofino's has been our new go-to pizza delivery. The pizzas are humongous! Their crust is delicious! The cheese is just the right thickness.What it comes down to is the toppings - you get just the right amount and cut just right! I hate when you order green peppers and they are minced so small that you can barely see them. Port's (we're on a nickname basis) chops up nice bite sized pieces so I can taste the flavor.Side note -- skip the garlic bread, its cheap old buns with a lot of butter. Fill up on good pizza.Also, I hate how some local pizza joints cut the pizzas into tiny squares that make a big mess...Portofino's is a giant round pizza cut in normal pizza slices that I can eat.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,6/17/2013,51,317,2,4,3>I'm a sucker for a bowl of noodles.  I keep trying to tell my husband that keeping me happy is really quite simple, but he's being extraordinarily obstinate about accepting that.  You put a big bowl of noodles in soup (Asian style) in front of me and I'm a happy woman.  That's it.  You give me a good book on top of that, probably happier.  Is that so hard to believe?Anyhow.  We came here last night - cold and hungry.  I've been wanting to try this place for a while, and it's a little out of our way.  But I used my powers of persuasion on the husband and dragged him here.  He got the mee goreng, and I got the claypot noodle soup.  Poor boy didn't realize there were tomatoes and peas in his noodles (neither of us did) and he can't stand either.  He ate it, but I don't think he enjoyed it.  Usually when he's not offering his opinion that means he's on the fence.  I, however, fell in love with my bowl of noodles.  It comes in a clay pot to keep it nice and toasty (boiling), which is very dear to my little Korean heart.  Noodles are plentiful and chewy, bok choy was fresh, and the little tofu/meat packets yummy.  The broth is very savory (chicken, perhaps?) and the whole concoction comes topped off with an egg that cooks in the bowl.  It's not spicy, so look elsewhere for that.  But on a cold winter's night, it can't be beat.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,6/16/2013,32,126,3,2,2>The other reviewers are not kidding: Chile Verde does a good job.  It is NOT authentic Mexican food.  But it IS very good.We stopped by for lunch on a snowy weekday afternoon around 1:30 and found the place fairly full.  We were seated in a nice booth right away and had margaritas in hand in a snap.  I tried the 1800 which was solid.We started with the green chile stew, which had small chunks of veggies and beef.  It was tasty and hot and spicy on the finish.  The only thing I would change is to make it with larger chunks to live up to the "stew" billing.Next up was the lunch fajitas for two.  It came with pieces of steak and chicken and  a bunch of good peppers, onions, and mushrooms, along with all the fixins.  It was really good.  The meat was a little overdone, but I still finished every bite. The prices were a little higher than I had expected, even after accounting for a couple drinks.  They seemed to be at a price-point that would make sense if the setting were a little nicer and the servers weren't in t-shirts.  I will have to try the one on Gemini to see whether they have balanced it better at that location.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/15/2013,110,267,,2,3>Since Easton came in the picture, rival malls have slowly dwindled to nonexistence. Since Easton is the closest "mall" to me, it thus stands as the default winner. I really only go to Easton for a few clothing stores, Apple, and Macy's/Nordstrom for foot apparel. There is no other condensed shopping district that offers such a big variety of name brand stores, as Easton. An occasional movie also draws me in, simply because it's not showing at any other theater around. I am a big fan of the "outside" design. It is much easier to maneuver, with more walking space. Parking? Well, I personally find it a negative that many open spaces have been filled with parking garages (not necessarily a wonderful sight to behold), but these giant concrete mongrels do allow people to bypass the meters! A good amount of landscaping has been placed, to draw the eye. And the brick and mortar design of the shops is not hideous.During the summer months, the outdoor mall hosts several events to showcase the city life: A farmers market, jazz bands, kids events, etc. Lots of restaurants dot the perimeter of the mall. And, within less than a square mile, you can find a plethora of chain box stores (TJ Maxx, Dick's, Old Navy, craft stores, baby stores, Best Buy, Sports Authority, fast food joints, etc).
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,6/14/2013,138,202,9,5,6>I visited Turner's the day before I had Thanksgiving dinner with my family and my mom loved my haircut. I have received so much positive feedback about my current haircut that me saying I like it is beside the point. The theme of the shop is cool and its extremely convenient for me. I like to do business with places that are within walking/staggering distance of my home. It's fun to walk by the shop and wave at my barber. I feel like I'm on Sesame Street.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,6/13/2013,884,714,4,10,14>Daybreak Diner has become my regular breakfast joint (you're looking at my check-ins right now and saying "duh, dude, we noticed"). It's about time I updated. I would say I've only received so-so service maybe once here, and they were pretty swamped; I basically don't get service this good anywhere else in the city. Half the time when I show up, there is already a coffee waiting for me at the counter. I don't come in at the same time every visit or anything, they just see me coming and get it ready. I walk in and they say "hey, Luke, how are ya?"  The great service is largely the result of one server, Gabby, who will be your waitress probably 90% of the time. When Bill gives himself a day off, she's usually behind the counter cooking instead. I bring people here. Probably a third of the reviews on here are people I told to check it out or brought here personally. I think that much of the place. I bring my out-of-town friends here too, and most of them say "hey, let's go to that diner!" when they come back to visit again. They've done some big expansion to the dining area...pushed back the wall at the expense of their stock area, brought in more comfy booths to replace some tables, and extended their hours. Bill tells me if they could get more parking, they'd stay open even later. Let's hope they can work that out!When a friend of the restaurant passed away some months back, they put a memorial at his regular stool and reserved it for him. Touching. I've actually got a picture of that I'll try to upload at some point. Some of the most genuine people I know running a business in town. Go here, simple as that. Oh, but go during hours when I'm not there. I'm tired of parking down the street. ;-)
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/12/2013,57,115,,6,5>Brother's Drake is the shit and will be the new swag when it comes to summertime especially. Went Saturday night and it was really amazing.The atmosphere was phenomenal with one side being well lit and the other side dimly lit with candles/seating. They have a garage door that is the main entrance and will be awesome for summer winds. Patio outside is small but a killer gathering spot. Let's talk about technology on tabs folks. They've got touchscreen-iPad-ish-thingamajigs that are fast, quick, and hold your tab accurately. It's amazing! They have their brewed beers, special drinks/shots and, of course, mead. They also have a food truck on the side that I didn't get to try but sounded delicious. Honestly, I'm already craving to go back. Seriously. Might need to happen even this week already. Between here and Old Town Tavern, I've found two spots that have hit me hard-in a good way. :)
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,6/11/2013,115,228,4,5,3>The other day, I had a hankerin' for Chinese food. Not just Chinese food, but xiao long bao and Chinese broccoli, which I haven't had since we visited New York last year. The buzz around the internets is that Helen's is the place to go--maybe the ONLY place to go--for xiao long bao. So, a group of us hit up Helen's, curious to see if her food stood up to the buzz.If I were going to rate Helen's on the food only, I'd give it five stars. I can't say how authentic or not authentic the food is, as I've never been to China, nor lived anywhere with a real Chinatown, but to my American (gorilla? cough) palate, the food was great. (I *don't* like overly Americanized, syrupy-sauced Chinese food that you'd get at Panda Express or Mark Pi, or at a Chinese buffet. I have an American palate, but it does have its limits.) We decided to eat family-style so we could try a little bit of everything. We ordered the xiao long bao, the shao mai dumplings, Chinese broccoli, General Tso's chicken (yeah, I know--it's the one Americanized dish I really love, and theirs was almost as good as Yau's Chinese Bistro's), shrimp pad Thai, a scallion pancake, and various little appetizers. The biggest hits were the pad Thai, the xiao long bao, the General Tso's, and the Chinese broccoli, but we didn't have anything that we just absolutely didn't like. I want to order off of the Sichuan menu next time, now that we have our bearings a bit. (Richard P., you are the man for translating it and putting it on Yelp. Those of us with more adventurous eating habits thank you.)I'd give Helen's another half-star if I could, but I'd knock a half-star off for service. I don't expect the same kind of service in an Asian restaurant as I do in an American-style one, but we never had our water refilled, and getting alcohol was quite an adventure. Still, the servers were friendly and accommodating, despite the fact that they were clearly busier than they expected to be. Helen herself was on the floor, taking orders and bringing out food. Our server was able to split our check effectively without making it overly complicated, which we appreciated.The things I would have changed: more water refills (please!); getting our to-go orders for absent menfolk in a little earlier, as we had to wait a long time after our meal was done to get them (we told them when we were ordering that we were going to have to-go orders, but they didn't get put in until we were done eating); a drink menu at the table to streamline our imbibing of alcohol. Things I would never change: THE FOOD, which was delish.I will definitely be back. Sooner than later, I hope.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,6/10/2013,60,266,,8,5>In the outdated strip mall on the edge of old Powell.. there is Lin's. Having gone past this hole in the wall place multiple times, one would think it was no longer in business, or maybe sub par. It's just so hidden in between businesses gone bust, and other office type buildings that it is just easily discarded. I admit, I am guilty of driving to the door, seeing the "OPEN" sign and shrugging with a "Eh... maybe next time." But finally, I gained enough courage to drop in to see what Lin's had to offer. What I found is a place that has apparently been a staple in the Powell community for many-many years... we're talking 10+. Some of the BEST egg/springrolls I have had in a LONG while. These aren't pre packaged, or bought in bulk and you can tell. Crispy, perfect and flavorful. I also have to rave about the sauce they served with them.While I cannot rave this place being the best Chinese I have ever had, I can still REALLY enjoy and appreciate it's uniqueness to the community. One thing I admired about Lin's is the fact that it was more of a home cooked type of fare. This wasn't the chain line of cooks clanging around pre prepped portions in a greasy wok... but instead by a single man who made me some delicious lo mein with big and plump veggies. The husband had decent portion of General Tso's with a very good dark sauce with some hand made fried rice. Though the General Tso's not being spicy at all... although I imagine you can ask for it to be so. I was sad when my plate was empty.I guess the only thing I can recommend to those willing to give Lin's a try is to throw out preconceived ideas of the bad take out places everywhere. Lin's is simply.... simple and unique in it's own way. Kinda like a Mom and Pop of Chinese/American.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,6/9/2013,73,88,,3,5>So I had been here a few times in the past but had not had the opportunity to try the food. After going and giving it a try though I'm quite disappointed in myself for not giving it a go earlier. Their vegan menu is both unique and has a number of items that sound rather delicious. At the end of my decision making process I decided to go for the chili mac as suggested by some friends. It would seem like making a vegan chili mac would be quite difficult considering that lengths one would have to go to substitute the offending ingredients and still capture the comfort food deliciousness that is intended. Difficulty aside Hal and Al's chili mac is amazing, it has the right texture and leaves you feeling both full and content. The spice level is great and the flavor robust.Their beer selection is also rather decent. I spent the night going back and forth between a couple of Porter's and Stouts and was very pleased. The bar staff is attentive and able to pour properly.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/8/2013,185,387,3,10,7>I almost gave The Pearl 5 stars, but I guess I'll wait for my next visit to bump it up a notch.First, there's nothing like it in Columbus. Upon entering, it felt like a smaller version of Chicago's Paris Club, minus the Frenchy bits and add in American coastal preppy bits. Dark woods, casual, some industrial touches. The waitstaff is in casual-cool uniforms: think gingham and plaid shirts, wool vests, and the hostesses all in black with matching cool-luxe scarves. One of the restaurant areas features a cool marble bar-- I think this was the "oyster" area but I didn't inspect closely. On a large industrial cart with a butcher's block top was some kind of station that almost looks like a performance area. It seemed to be the finish/garnish stop for the plates before they come out. Food is definitely on parade here. I had as much fun looking at what was coming out as I did eating my dishes. It looks like a lot of thought goes into the presentation of the food.The menu is mostly American comfort food, with Eastern Seaboard themes and a few West Coast trends. We ordered oysters and deviled eggs to start. The deviled eggs came out on this adorable egg-weighing device like you might see at a small farm. And oh man-- they were freaking delicious. A deviled egg at a restaurant is a bit of a canary-in-the-mine test. If a restaurant can make a deviled egg worth ordering, it's a good sign. These were worth ordering, both because of preparation and presentation.We shared two entrees for our mains: the fried chicken (based largely on Bryant M's recommendation) and the hanger steak with fried egg, fried rice, and kimchi (I've said it  before, Korean is the new Japanese). Of the two, the chicken was the clear winner. When the plate was first set on the table, I thought the chicken was overdone, but the crispy skin looks dark more from the spice blend than from the fryer, methinks. It was phenomenal. The collard greens were phenomenal (I like a vinegary bite). The sweet roll on the side was PHENOMENAL. I'm not really a fan of sweet pastries, but the conversation stopped dead in its tracks while I had my special moment with this sweet roll. I was kind of pissed I had to share. The hanger steak was good. Not as good as the chicken, but good. The meat was cooked perfectly, but the kimchi/fried rice needs a better balance. It was too salty, maybe. Needed more veg in the rice (I spied a few mushrooms). The egg could have been runnier-- if it were runnier it might have chilled out the saltiness a bit.I agree with Stephanie K. that some items are a little over priced. The oysters were 3 for $8, which is definitely on the high end. I'd be interested to see if they start having a weekly special on oysters because if so, I'm there. Some of the menu items (like the Cuban) looked overpriced as well-- you can get a good Cuban for much less. Just use your noodle and read the ingredients list on the menu-- some things are priced fairly, but be smart about what you're really paying for. We also got our drank on. I ordered the gin fizz and the Moscow mule. The gin fizz was made with Watershed gin, and it was more light and refreshing than any other cocktail I've ever had. Sometimes I'm wary of Watershed's strong signature aftertaste when I'm drinking it with any kind of food, but the bartender somehow mellowed out that finish with the egg white or whatever. The Moscow mule was also bright and refreshing, but it had so much shaved ice in it that I had trouble getting to the last quarter of that precious liquid. My table mate's apple bourbon punch was neither too apple-y nor too bourbon-y. I want to order a bowl of it for the table when I can get back to The Pearl with a large group. The timing of our drinks was horrible, though. It took a long time to get the first round. Even though we ordered the drinks first, we were through our apps before we got our drinks. Our waiter did explain that it took so long because the bartender needed to remake mine, which I appreciated, but still. Then, our second round came after we were finished with the meal despite ordering it much earlier, so that second round became dessert. The bill comes in an old book, where patrons sign in the end papers. Super cute idea. Kinda adds to the Hampton-y prep vibe, like these books were left in someone's family summer home for decades. Anyway, I had a lovely evening at The Pearl. Not only do I want to come back again and again, but I'm inspired to work through (most) of the menu. I felt like I was on vacation.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,6/7/2013,57,205,3,6,4>The word is out - Los Guachos is definitely the place to get your solid, authentic, Mexican food. My first visit here, I think I got the wrong thing.... everyone raves about the al pastor meat, so I ordered a large dish called "que me notas?", which turned out to be a huge plate of burnt, greasy meat chunks served with some corn tortillas. I ate maybe 1/3 of the plate (if that) and left incredibly disappointed. But I have since been back multiple times and have found that pretty much everything else on the menu is amazing. I love the al pastor tacos, gringas, fish taco, beef burrito/taco, huaraches, etc. I think I may have just been unlucky with my al pastor meat on my first visit, because every other time I have gotten an al pastor taco or gringa the meat is delicious and not burnt, fatty, or chunky. I love that they offer corn tortillas here, and every table is fully equipped with enough extra sauces and peppers to amp up your meal if you so desire. While I usually hate fried fish, the fish taco is done perfectly and I like the spicy sauce/mayo that comes on it. And, as previously mentioned by other reviewers, it is cheap!! You can get multiple a la carte items and easily spend under $10. Awesome.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/6/2013,370,523,2,10,3>Is it too soon to update my review?? I have been getting take out from here once or twice a week for a month now and every single thing I've tried has been off-the-hook good! Seriously delicious! Do yourself a favor and save yourself from spending $12 for a Northstar burger and come here and pay $6 for the best veggie burger you'll ever taste. Plus, Troy, the owner/chef, makes amazing soups and his specials are so so tasty. Sometimes he comes up with combinations I wouldn't think work, but are drool worthy when you taste them.  So, go to Passport and get the soup of the day and either the daily special or the veggie burger and you and your wallet will thank me!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,6/5/2013,135,164,4,6,4>Best fried chicken I ever did put in mah mouf!  Holy hell people. This fried chicken absolutely blew me away. I tried the 2 piece dark meat with biscuit, which was perfectly crisp and had an amazing sweet yet vinegary honey drizzled on it.  The chicken was so moist inside. It was really perfect fried chicken in my opinion. I also tried a special they had which was a cornmeal crusted 1/2 bird with Mexican chili dust and mango papaya honey. It was sooo sooo good. Oh. My. God.   The service was incredibly fast. They fried up my chicken so quickly that within minutes of sitting down at one of the nearby picnic tables, my order was ready. I appreciate that they have wet naps available as my greasy hands needed a good wipe down.I'm bringing my fried chicken worshipping mother here ASAP!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,6/1/2013,107,100,3,6,3>The top reason this is getting a five star review is the employees! They are so friendly and nice, and pretty much spoil my dog with treats and behind the ear rubs  whenever we go in there. My first visit I had someone walk around with me and sort out things I should have ready at home for when our new puppy arrives and stuff that I should come back in and get (and she made me swear that I would bring the pup in with me). They have everything you could think of from hygiene and grooming to food to bedding to accessories galore. Since we own a fast growing puppy, I have come in a couple times to get an updated leash and/or collar and each time I am stressed (but in a good way) because of the array of choices. Their food selection here is another great! I am all for those organic, I can pronounce all the ingredients, kind of food choices, and their selection on dog food is A+ quality. YAY! I will definitely be a regular here, especially since they have a great rewards system!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,5/31/2013,34,66,3,6,7>Cap City combines the intimacy of a small town diner with the efficiency of a corporate chain.  Checkered patterns and retro steel walls lend an upscale twist to an old concept, while the restaurant itself is unmistakably a part of the Cameron Mitchell chain.  So picture the most immaculately clean diner ever.  And with diner prices to boot!If you want a filling sandwich, get the Knife and Fork Chili Dog.  In fact it's barely a sandwich at all, as its namesake may indicate, it's impossible to eat without cutlery. But it's good.  And huge.  Imagine the best hot dog you've ever had blanketed with acres of melted cheese.  It's almost too much.I'm pretty sure I've had other things here, but I've gotten the Knife and Fork so many times I honestly can't recall what they would have been.  The fries however, a perfect equilibrium of crispiness and salt, are worth the ensuing workout it will take to burn them off.  I came here on a friend's birthday once and  was treated to a generous dessert platter.  Go for the Seriously Big Chocolate Cake, but only if you don't mind being Seriously Big by the time you leave.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/30/2013,57,35,,5,6>Lately many of you may have been wondering why Lac Viet is closed from time-to-time. As previous yelpers have pointed out, Lac Viet now has food cart that it operates during lunch times. The owner, Thang, is in the process of operationalizing the experience and hiring help- but he is still, hands down, the best Vietnamese fusion chef that I have ever met. Being of asian descent, I can confidentially say that I have travelled to my share of Vietnamese joints in a number of places, and I feel very strongly that we have the best right here in our Columbus backyard.Simply calling ahead of your arrival to the Bethel road location will ensure that someone is ready to take your order when you arrive.Lac Viet has all of its tried-and-true staples. I had my favorite, lamp pho when we went this time. My friends too went straight for their go-to dishes. However, after we had had some time to discuss and process our meals, Thang came out to tell us about the new fusion dishes he's been pioneering on his cart.Behold the Vietnamese ruben sandwich. With the sweet and spicy taste of pickled vegetables, and a delicate mix of hoisin and sriracha sauce- the tenderized beef brisket, cooked for over two hours- simply melted away on my tastebuds. When dipped in the broth, Thang assured me I was having a truly "authentic Vietnamese street food experience."As always, I left full and satisfied, itching to return again to one of the best-kept secrets in this town.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,5/29/2013,49,218,2,8,3>My boyfriend and I decided to come here for Valentine's Day. We've been trying to work our way through what's considered "Columbus' Best". We chose Rigsby's because we had heard good things and it was another to cross off the list. This place is gorgeous. I loved the ambiance. There were beautiful paintings and large photographs of Columbus hanging on the back brick wall. I don't know if it's there all the time, but there was a pianist playing a baby grand piano. Our table had rose petals on it(which I'm almost positive would be for Valentine's). Our waiter was really friendly and helpful and made some good suggestions. For drinks, I had to go with one of the cocktails, the Trees Outside the Academy(by the way, all the cocktails have awesome names). It was delicious. My boyfriend had a locally brewed beer...that I can't remember the name of...I never can. Anyway, for starters, we shared the salumi tasting. There were 4 different types to taste and they were all delicious. For entrees, I had the balsamic marinated flank steak. My steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly and came with sauteed leaks, polenta, and Parmesan broccoli. It was such a perfect plate of food. My boyfriend had the  braised pork shank, which I tried and it was heaven also. It came with polenta as well and prosciutto wrapped green beans. Like so many other reviews say, we did not get dessert because...Jeni's is a block away and we couldn't resist. I really liked Rigsby's and I would recommend it, but there were 2 things that were not great. One was the price. Our entrees were great and the price was fair for them, but the salumi tasting was $15.00 and I thought that was overpriced for what we got. I also thought my cocktail was overpriced, as one was $13. The other thing I was disappointed with, and this was mostly because it was Valentine's Day, was they didn't offer their full menu tonight. I had looked at the menu prior to us going to dinner and was kind of looking forward to getting an awesome pizza to start. But they weren't offered tonight. Hopefully I'll get to come back to try one, but it's always kind of annoying when restaurants don't offer their full menu in addition to holiday selections. Just my opinion.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/28/2013,29,102,2,9,3>First and foremost, their primary menu is Lebanese wraps, pizza, salad, soup.  It is a great place for lunch or dinner.  They do sale baked goods, and that are fantastic, but their main menu is actual food.  It was incorrectly labeled and categorized and for some reason those parts cannot be edited n Yelp.This is such a great place.  The beef shawarma, kefta, falafel, zataar bread are all awesome.  Zataar bread has thyme, sumac and sesame seeds baked into the  flatbread dough.  It has olive oil and spices as toppings. I'm a fan of baklava and tend to use it as a measurement of the place that sells it.  So, yeah, this is a 5 star, but only because the scale stops at 5.Everything here is extremely fresh and made fresh daily.  The owners are a married couple that are very friendly and helpful with explaining the items on the menu.  Typically I chose a place based on an item I want to eat, meaning I rarely try several things on the menu.  But I have tried something different on every visit, which I'm averaging 1-2 times a week.They have found a sweet spot for fresh, really good food for a good price.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,5/27/2013,11,55,2,3,2>Very good pies and wings. We tried the corn chowder pizza and wings tossed in buffalo and some in the parm garlic. The pies have a crispy bottom with a light dough body.The wings are baked...mmmmm so good.The beer is very pricey. Yes, they do have tons of rare bottles and drafts (the owner obviously loves evil twin) but $11.50 for most of their 12oz draft pours is ridiculous. Those beers are expensive but they shouldn't be over $8.Happy hour is nice! 1/2 off drafts!Overall this place has a hipster vibe with great food and beer!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,5/26/2013,21,55,10,4,6>"Possibly" hung over and very hungry, I made my way for my first ever trip to Ray-Ray's.  Like a pork conquistador, I strode towards the billows of smoke, envisioning how I would conquer the ribs, destroy the brisket and drive fear into the mac and cheese. I got within about 8 feet of Ray Ray's and realized I could do not be defeated on this day. Service was quick and friendly and when I ordered a meal that should have been shared with two or more people, I thought to myself, "well, I'll just save some of it for a second meal".  It was very dream-like after that, but I slayed a half rack of ribs with the help of flavorful, but not "hot" jalapeno bbq sauce. The perfect smoked brisket tried to make an end-run, but I countered with a reverse-fork move and polished it off.   "Perhaps more?", I pondered to myself before I realized I had forgotten about the side of mac and cheese. And so, standing in my path to victory was a creamy bowl of eblow noodles, cheese, butter and whatever else they put into that amazing creation.  I could show no mercy and what happened next should never be discussed in the presence of children or adults prone to heartburn. Let me just say that the meal was over, I was victorious and a fair maiden who worked at Ray Ray's offered me a handful of napkins and said "Um, wow...".  A legend is born.Signed, The Pork Conquistador
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/25/2013,134,190,5,7,3>"PUSH!  Push harder!!"No, we're not in a vegan-friendly maternity ward, but at the somewhat challenging-to-open front door of a perennial favorite of mine: Whole World.After many years - and two previous reviews - there's really only two things I mumble about when I visit: how hard the front door is to open, and how time seems to slow down a little once you push through that first barrier.I find myself wondering: If they were to adjust the tension, is there a chance that the door would keep blowing open, making the guests inside hot or cold depending on the season? When paying for heating and cooling, you don't want it all going out the door. So maybe the high tension spring on the door is there for a reason? Or maybe the employees only come and go through the back door (and therefore don't notice), and customers are too nice to complain? For a little entertainment, watch the door as people try to come in. It's like a test-your-strength machine - only it's free, and it's barring entry to one of the best restaurants in Columbus!  Of course, it's a lot more funny when it's someone else trying to open the door, not you, so make sure you enjoy this - you've earned it.Is the service still a little slow? Probably. Do I always seem to go in when they're jam-packed? Yes. SO...although the speed of service hasn't appeared to have changed much, at least it hasn't gotten worse. I saw a help wanted ad on the front door, so maybe they just need a person or two to round out the team?  This is a great place for vegetarians and vegans to eat - it's a vegetarian restaurant. At most places, if you ask for something vegan, and they bring it out with cheese or meat or something, you're made to feel like a pain in the butt customer. Not here. You say vegan, they write down vegan, and if the kitchen messes it up, you get a decent apology. Not that this has happened many times to me in the past, but when something non-vegan slips onto your plate, it's taken care of pronto, with no guilt.Speaking of food, let's talk about it....Many know Whole World as a great place to get Broccoli Burgers at ComFest each year. Obviously, they have a much greater selection of veggie burgers at the restaurant, if that's your thing, but recently I've been trying some of the other vegan specials.  Oh, and the specials are written up on a glow-board near the kitchen entrance, so you can peruse if you have good eyes, or just let them tell you what the specials are. The folks here know the difference between vegetarian and vegan, so just tell them what your requirements are, and they can usually accommodate. Listen to the buzz around you, and you'll hear people asking about vegan, gluten-free, you name it. Most (all?) of the food is made in-house and fresh. This means they know all the ingredients, and can tell you about the food if you're curious.Now, you might be asking: "Sean...why are you writing a third review update for this place, when you still have a huge backlog of places you've visited that you haven't reviewed?" The answer is simple: brunch.Brunch at Whole World is inspiring, and having just gone here recently with a party of four, I can speak to the experience with a clear mind and fresh memories.Do you like pancakes?  Who doesn't like pancakes?!  How about -awesome- pancakes?  Awesome pancakes with maple syrup, real fruit topping (sometimes berries, sometimes apples), and a side of seasonal fruit (e.g., cantaloupe)?  Yeah, then these pancakes are for you! Probably the best vegan-friendly pancakes I've ever had.Prefer fresh french toast made up just like the pancakes above? They do that too! And, the best part of eating with a table of four, is that you can share, and try everything out.  It can be a tough call for some folks to choose between pancakes and french toast - so go with a friend, or go back multiple weeks.When I go, I never get pancakes or french toast - I just do the sharing thing - because I'm a big fan of the Big Breakfast.  As a vegan, you have your tofu scramble, your choice of vegetable hash or potatoes, some form of bread (I usually get an english muffin), and vegan sausage patties. Yeah, it's big. If you have a big table, and no one else is getting a meal with potatoes, you can even get the vegetable hash on your plate, and get a separate side plate of potatoes - they're yummy.Standard beverages: coffee, tea, water and juice (apple, orange and grapefruit), and a huge selection of desserts in the bakery case - save room! Clearly marked "vegetarian" and "vegan" with white and green cards.I love places that make vegan dining out easy.  Thanks Whole World!Oh, and I've upgraded this rating to a five-star, because it's truly my favorite vegetarian restaurant in Columbus thus far. The wait for food is probably because the food is so fresh, and they're always so busy when I go. The front door will probably just remain one of life's great and comical mysteries....
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/24/2013,125,159,2,10,7>The world needs more restaurants like this.  Chef owned, no pretenses, just imaginative high quality food.  Downtown should really take advantage of this.This little place was not crowded on a blustery downtown day.  From the outside, this place is definitely "unassuming".  After a legal dispute, it changed its name from Natalies to Hae Pauls so the awning is a bit of "redo".   Don't let that scare you, the chefs/owners of this place know what the h*** they are doing!!!Modest food with an Asian slant - the readable, short menu (which changes from time to time, I understand) presented several delicious sounding dishes.  The special was a pork bulgogi sandwich served with sweet potato fries.   Anytime I see "pork" and "bulgogi" in the same sentence, I am all in!!!! Sandwich was moist, tasty pork cooked perfectly, but not over-seasoned so that the porkiness shined through!!  Delicious! The fries were nice - lightly fried, real sweet potatoes not the horribly orange weird ones so many places serve now.My guest had a noodle dish with vegetables that looked equally delicious and unpretentious!!    Definitely give this "hole in the wall" a try if you are downtown.  Go out of your way a few blocks if you need to.  It is worth it!!!!!  p.s. The place is so new, they are still getting their kitchen together and we were told they would have a permit for an open grill soon - so burgers and seared meats are on the way!!!  I will be checking back in next time I am downtown.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,5/23/2013,63,141,3,9,3>What the what? Where in the h-e-double hockey sticks have I been? This place is amazing. Now look, I was slightly doubtful too. I don't remember having heard of this place before...It's in UA and Cajun/Italian? Really? (It is actually some Cajun and some Italian food- no fusion that I could see, thank the stars).I went with the husband, my business partner and his wife (that made me sound way more grown up than I am) on a Friday evening. This place was jumping, but our reservations got us sat right away. Service was actually very quick for as busy as they were, but definitely a slower dining experience (it a good way). The server was good enough not to be memorable compared to the food (also a good thing). I can't speak for the Italian food, because it was Cajun all around our table, but holy molasses- fantastic. We had the fried oysters for an appetizer- then I had the Seafood Creole (walleye, scallops, clams and calamari in a creole, hot tomato sauce with rice). This dish apparently switches up depending on what seafood is fresh. And yes, fresh seafood in Columbus- it has happened. Everyone was in love with their particular dish (all off the specials menu).Service was great, food exceptional, the chef even did a lap around the room which was definitely appreciated. Parking easy, got a reservation day of... Not cheap, but reasonable considering the quality of the food.Get your rear out of Grandview and the Short North and go to this place. Seriously, you won't be sorry.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,5/22/2013,85,100,3,5,4>My husband and I tried out Thai Grille last night. We were pleasantly surprised how at how small yet busy the restaurant was.  We started out by ordering two Singha beers and the fried spring roll appetizer. We were a little shocked when our $5.00 appetizer that stated we would be getting three fried spring rolls came out. These spring rolls were about a fourth of the size you would get anywhere else- and spend the same amount of money. Seriously, they were no bigger than a cocktail wiener. I wouldn't have been happy to pay $2.00 for them, much less $5.00. Anyways, we received our food, my husband ordered the Panang Curry and I ordered the Pad See Ew. My husbands curry was divine- full of sweet potatoes, white potatoes, snap peas, green beans, squash and chicken served with a side of jasmine rice. He got his curry mild- so I can't make a comment on the spiciness. My Pad See Ew was probably some of the best I'd ever had. Usually when I order this dish, I expect a pile of wide noodles, some chicken, broccoli and egg all topped with that delicious sweet soy sauce. This was not the case here. They loaded up their version of Pad See Ew with carrots, broccoli, squash, zucchini, snap peas, green beans, chicken, egg and of course noodles. It was fantastic.Overall- we really enjoyed our meal here. If it were not for the spring rolls, this place would have gotten a five star review from me! We will be back and we will be bringing friends :)
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,5/21/2013,181,124,,4,3>Rivage is truly a hidden gem of Cbus suburbia. It's tucked away in the corner of a small shopping center, somewhere between Graeter's and The Candle Lab in Old Worthington. Don't let the suburban location fool you - it's one of the best restaurants I have dined at in my 15+ years in Columbus!The menu boasts wild-caught seafood (yeah, none of that farm-raised BS!) with a Southern twist. Think: Ocean Club meets Bobby Flay. Typically, we like to bypass the main portion of the restaurant and sit at the bar in the back room (which is almost like it's own separate gastro pub) so we can gorge on small plates and drown ourselves in ridiculously strong cocktails. Some of our favorites are the crab cake with creole mustard aioli, the cuban sliders, and the duck poppers with cheesy grits (amaze!). My lone regret is that this place is in Worthington! The vibe feels more Grandview-ish to me. I just wish there were some cool bars or activities to walk to from Rivage, like there would be if this joint were closer to downtown.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,5/20/2013,6,101,3,3,3>A relic.  The last of its kind from a time when south campus was a much more gritty and depressing place.  Bier Stube is THE dive bars of dive bars on OSU's campus.  It's small - almost hidden.  It smells.  It's dark.  And has relatively small beer selection.But it frequently has a good atmosphere.  It seems to have gotten a little more popular with select groups over recent years and that's a good thing.  There is nothing to be afraid of.  As an alum, it's still one of the bars I feel ok going into during football weekends knowing I won't feel like a creepy old guy.  It's the last of a dying breed and connection between OSU's past and present.  I wish it many more years to come.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,5/19/2013,13,61,3,5,3>Having just moved to the area, I was worried about being able to find a good Indian restaurant. Lucky for me, I found Aab just a few minutes away!The food was great. I had lamb curry with aloo paratha, and both were delicious. Great sauce, and the lamb was cooked well (and well trimmed) The heat was perfect with their choices of spicyness. The bread was flaky and the filling wasn't overpowering. Evern their rice was better than most places, with a good flavor that wasn't intense. (and some peas scattered in!) They do have a lunch buffet, which I'mm have to try to get the quick and dirty taste of more of their dishes. I put this into my regular visit category for sure!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,5/18/2013,62,163,2,4,3>I love coffee, but I am the first to admit I am not the most knowledgable about the ins and outs of what exactly makes a good cup.  I know when I get a bad one, though.If, like me, you're a middle aged dad type, you may be a little intimidated when walking into Mission Coffee for the first time.  My first thought was, "Nice space!"  My second thought was, "I'm not cool enough to be in here."   It's all concrete, dark walls and unfinished dark wood with a big garage door at the front--it looks like the bachelor loft I've always wanted.  There are several big tables and couches and a DJ set up in the corner.  We were there around noon on a weekday and the shop wasn't too busy--a few folks scattered around listening to music from their laptops with impressive looking headphones.Anyway, when you first walk in there are several examples of currently available beans for your coffee with corresponding flavor profiles on the wall by the door.  Right next to the beans is a large display of intimidating ways your coffee can be made.  After discussing options with the very helpful barista, we chose the V60 and Clever for our beans.  Both coffees were strong and unbelievably smooth--guaranteeing we'll be returning for more.  I've got my eye on the Siphon--it looks like something I would have made a mess of in Biochemistry lab back in my undergrad days.Be advised, you're not going to find Frappachinos and half whip, no fat, half caf mochas here.  You will get a great cup of coffee and maybe a little knowledge about what goes into making it.  We'll be back.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,5/17/2013,63,87,2,3,5>Well, well! I think we have futher signs here of a northern suburbs renassiance.  I was just reading the other day how schmancy restaurants are getting away from cheese boards as they are expensive, underappreicated, and prone to spoilage/waste.  Thankfully, Natalie's didn't get the memo as they have it prominently front and center on the menu.  I had a nice variety served with fig preserves and fruit.  The Quiejo Toledo was recommended by our server (the bartender) and while quite interesting, it wasn't to my taste, as I found the paprika overpowering.  I can't fault them for my taste, but I was mildly disappointed that the "coal-fired french bread" served with it had no char or texture to it.  That's about the only specific criticism I can come up with here.My pizza was very good (Mt. Etna) and the crust was delightful from that oven of theirs.  Natalie's is a close contender to my favorite pie in town from Harvest.  My drink was well made.  The bartender was knowledgeable and affable.  I also noted that the acoustics in the place allow live music to be a comfortable accompanyment to your meal without completly drowning everything else out.  It's nice to be able to enjoy music without having to shout at the person sitting six inches away.There's a good thing going on here.  I'll be back.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/16/2013,53,580,2,4,4>Seafood Chili!   After a stroll around North Market, I decided on Seafood chili with swordfish and some other fish for $6.95 for 16 oz.  First off the smell was so intoxicating and drew few to take a few quick bites. Hot hot hot. Not spicy hot but hot as in temperature.  Good, it hasn't been setting around too long.  Over the next hour I sipped, slurped, and gobbled down all 16 oz.  I think this was the best Chili I have ever had.  The spice in the soup was a little sweet with black pepper and little spicy spice to help.  The fish flavor permeated through ever spoonful.  I could eat this every week, I think.  I had plenty of chunks of fish along with beans, peppers, and onions.  This was spot on and introduced me to a new kind of chili. Thank you Fish Guys, now my search for food at North Market just became even harder.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/15/2013,77,87,2,7,3>This will be the first season here in Columbus that I will be trying my hand at the urban garden. I've been studying up on the zone and when to plant cold crops vs. hot crops. I'm ready to amend my soil and go. I supposed I could go to the local Home Depot or Lowe's and get some Miracle-Gro infused dirt or imported manure but I came across an ad on Facebook for the City Folks Farm Shop. It was just up the street from me in Clintonville and their website said they had local soil, compost, mulch and seeds. Nice! I love to support local when I can, so I stopped by last week on my way home from work. What an adorable space! Plenty of seeds--interesting varieties, hard-to-find heirlooms. I found a pack of soy bean seeds that I would have otherwise had to mail order. There was a corner dedicated to raising chickens (I'd love to, but I rent.) and another to homesteading-- from canning to soapmaking--everything you need to begin a sustainable lifestyle. I was greeted immediately and had all my questions answered and left with 3 bags of local potting soil and 3 bags of Zoo Brew--compost made from the Columbus Zoo! All six bags were loaded into my car for me. Great customer service. Thank you!City Folks Farm Shop has classes listed on their website free or nominal fee. I'm also excited about going back soon as they will have seedlings ready-to-plant in the upcoming weeks as it gets warmer. Check this place out!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,5/14/2013,86,267,7,3,4>You're simply not going to believe this.....but read it anyway.My 5-star rating of Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams in Grandview has nothing, nada, nichts, rein, nihil, ... to do with its many tastes and flavors.  It has EVERYTHING to do with.... can you guess?  Can you?  Aaaaahhhhhhhaaaaa!  Women!Storyline:  YELP Walt promises to deliver Jeni's to a bartender friend on Feb 12 (who's without a sweetie for Valentine's Day).  Jeni's Grandview is my stop.  I want to order two Trio bowls to take out but have no idea of what scoops to get as gifts.  There are two female servers and two female customers.  "Awwwww ..... that's so sweet", is what I hear from them all.It then becomes a Jeni's love fest.  I mean, six flavors in two bowls and you'd think I'd walked up to purchase a 10-carat Tiffany's diamond in a platinum setting.  The conversation that ensued and the flavor tastings that took place were incredible.  I mean REALLY!!!!  Four women became instant friends.  I'll probably get some or all of these wrong but here goes:  Sea Salt Caramel - Lavender - Double Dark Chocoate - Pistachio & Honey - Sweet potato marshmallow.   Right?  RIGHT!!!!Yes, I was asked to try small spoonfuls of each.  Yes, they were good.  But the gal-pals were insistent Jeni's was a magic elixir and could sustain warmth and happiness from start to finish.ENDING????   I took the two Trio Bowls to my friend and her friend who were surprised I'd followed thru.   OVERWHELMED!  They jumped up and down. danced a jig, kissed and hugged, and then proceeded to slowly open the Trios.  I heard... sounds that were gutteral and near org..gas..mic in nature.5-STARS?!!!  Heck.  I cannot wait to bring along some Jeni's to my next house party.  To heck with booze and food.  This stuff makes a party a PARTY.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/13/2013,55,62,3,4,6>Delicious!!!!  My husband and I never had the chance to try the original location as we discovered it just 30 days before they moved. We've gotten take out, however, from the Hamilton Road location twice in the last twelve days. I'll repeat DELICIOUS!  Between the two of us, we've had chicken on rice, vegetarian grape leaves, and chicken shawarma.  Everything is fresh and very flavorful. The service is friendly and fast. Since I didn't have a menu the first visit, I placed my order and waited. My order was bagged and ready to go in 10 minutes. I love the fact that they offer both lunch and dinner portions for their entrees.Parking is a breeze and the location is easily accessible from Morse Road and 161. We will be accessing it again real soon!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,5/12/2013,63,56,2,4,2>Only regret is I wish I knew about this place sooner! Went to Black Creek Bistro for the first time as part of an office lunch. You would never know such a cool place existed if you base your opinion on the surrounding neighborhood. Once you step inside the doors, it feels a lot like a cafe in German Village: Simple, historic and full of character, without losing it's modern feel. The walls featuring the work of local artists! For lunch I had the Turkey Bistro sandwich. It was spectacular! The turkey meat was so so fresh and there was a delicious cranberry (i think?) flavored sauce that really highlighted the sandwich. I wouldn't say the service was fast, but we did have a group of 8 and the restaurant was pretty full when we went. Probably waited about 20 minutes for food - I almost feel like I'm nit picking. Overall, a great restaurant. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu. I've heard they have great Happy Hour specials, but have not tried yet.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/11/2013,146,161,3,3,3>I love my dentist (actually, more like my dental hygienist).  A friend recommended them about 8 years ago and I haven't looked back since. What makes them my go to place for cleanings followed by a light scolding of how poor my flossing habits are: the service and the personnel. The admins who schedule my 6 month checkups are always smiling and friendly. They sometimes give a disapproving stare if I show up late to an appointment, but overall they're very cheerful.The 5 stars really go to my hygienist, Tammy. She's extremely friendly, easy to talk to, and very open minded. We've talked about many things, culture, life, kids, careers, religion with a smattering of my poor dental hygiene habits thrown in. And of course she's very professional and really does a great job scrubbing the crud out of my mouth.I don't really know my dentist as they generally show up, give me some advice, point at xrays and make me promise to floss daily. With this Yelp 100 challenge hanging over my head, it's hard to remember to floss.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/10/2013,5000,286,6,6,7>Stopped in for a little hangover cure after the dude and I drank the bar Empty at India oak the night b4 @ a pre-st paddy day drinkie party and Paul F is right about one thing the Greek guy knows what he's doing :) Stephanie our very cute sweet waitress fixed our order after my steak and mashed potatoes & gravy came out and the steak was kinda like old or something tasted freezer burnt actually & the mashed potatoes tasted like they were instant, so did the gravy.  (Note to the hot Greek owner please make fresh mashed potatoes and gravy it's super easy to prep this in the mornings) anyway the dude got a bacon cheese burger with a fried egg on top and his eyes lit up like a Xmas tree when he bit into that thing!!! Monster balls woop woop!!!! That is one tasty burger!!!! I quickly ask that the mistake I ordered be replaced with a regular cheeseburger and no questions asked a special order was put in as my mouth watered...U could smell the patty being cooked by the mama  mia of the kitchen.  I saw one of the guys go over to her and hug her it was very sweet. I think this is a family run place.  Very cool vibe up in this little joint!  My burger came quickly it was also cooked perfectly and I ate the whole thing b4 u could say monster balls beefy burgerliciousness!!! Fries are good and let me tell you something peeps all those pancakes and eggs and omelets flying around Quickly passing by our heads aroused all the senses looked & smelled fabulous and it was all reasonably priced I don't think anything was over $8 on the whole little menu! super cute, super clean don't miss this gem only open till 3pm!  Coffee is good & they keep it full! Thanks guys me and the dude fully enjoyed the hangover cure :p Your burger is like the rock god of beefy burgerliciousness! With its cornmeal crusted bun lightly toasted, fresh Curley leaf lettuce, fresh tomato, onion and super tangy thick slice of pickle, the patty itself is just the right thickness too, top with a slice of ooey gooey cheese on top YUM!!!! I been searching for you all over c-bus little burger!!!  I have finally found you my love! I can see this is going to be a beautiful, tasty relationship :)  happy saint paddy's day! I found my pot of gold! :p
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,5/9/2013,73,107,2,2,2>Lovely little boutique on campus! They have a nice variety of trendy dresses and tops... I never really noticed many pants or jeans even.. they more so seem to offer casual to dressy rompers, dresses and tops. The prices aren't bad and the selection is always awesome... I also have never had an issue with quality regarding my purchases. AWESOME place to shop for trendy spring dresses :)
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/8/2013,12,59,2,5,2>I wish I could write, quite simply, FABULOUS. But then that would be boring, wouldn't it? Problem is that's the only word that comes to mind when I think of this place. So I'll make this short, but deserving...Great folks, very nice. Dining area is clean (although I was rather confused one day I was there because as far as I could tell there were no public restrooms) and the food is just plain good. The pork cakes are definitely different and very delicious. The Pad Thai is the best I've ever had. My boss loved the food as well and says we need to go back very soon. I've had dine-in and take-out from Jiu Thai and each time it was delicious. The lamb dumplings were tasty as well.I'm completely sold on this place and hope they stick around for a very long time, as there are so many other dishes I want to try. But so far each dish has been superb.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,5/7/2013,42,96,2,10,7>Surprisingly good, and dangerously spicy.  That about sums it up.In China, you can find good food just about anywhere.  Dumplings and buns steamed on the side of the street (literally) in a Beijing alley, or a fantastic bowl of noodles in a corner of a rural bus station.  Sichuan Hotpot reminds me of that kind of place; it's a tiny little out-of-the-way eatery that nonetheless serves great food.It's about half-way down the building on the north side of Chittenden at High Street - there's no sign, but look for the storefront with Chinese students inside.There's really only one entree - Sichuan-style hotpot - although you can select your protein (beef, lamb, shrimp, various meatballs, or vegetarian - see my photo of the menu).  It's cooked in the kitchen, and the server shouts out your number when it's ready.It's a pretty good hotpot - your selected protein, glass noodles, wood ear mushroom, half-moons of daikon, dried bean curd, and two kinds of cabbage all swimming in a seriously potent broth spiced with chili peppers and Sichuan peppercorns.  The server confessed it's not quite as spicy as you would get in Sichuan, because if it was (in her words) "no one would be able to eat it!"  Which is kind of true.And make sure you buy a drink, or bring some water, to consume with your meal.  You'll need it.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,5/6/2013,29,258,2,5,3>I love hotdogs, always have. I'm the type of person to actually scout out hot dog stands, so when I found this place yesterday while looking for an apartment I was in heaven; serious hot dog heaven!! Now, these aren't the greatest hot dogs Ive ever had. I go nuts over Nathans w/ natural casing; it needs that crisp crunch from the skin. So I order a hotdog and she ran off a bunch of topping and I just said "sure". I was in a good mood and more hungry then I knew what to do with so being picky wasn't on my mind. SO it turns out that I ordered a Chicago dog: mustard, relish, cucumbers, tomatoes, peper, and a pickle spear..possibly other things but honestly...all I tasted was "yummy." I admit to taking the peppers off; probably could have eaten it. I'm a NY hot dog girl, so normal hot dogs with mustard and ketchup or a coney with chilly and cheese is what I'm used to. I probably would have never even thought of trying a Chicago but I'm glad I did. Milkshakes, burgers, hotdogs, pizza..you cant go wrong with those 4 things in my opinion.  Only thing that would make this place better is delivery...which they do!! Their deep dish pizza looked tempting also; 2 inch high Chicago deep dish. It had my hubby drooling. Only $10!! We'll be back, I'm sure.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,5/5/2013,28,247,2,2,2>Note to self, 8:30pm on a Saturday night is a BAD TIME to try to find a table or place at the bar. After a solid 30 minutes of waiting (FYI there's no hostess, seating is limited -  maybe 35 people max, no waiting area to stand or sit) finally got a seat for the two of us at the bar, then quickly another seat opened up. The waiting was a drag, as they don't take reservations, but I could tell it'd be worth it. The margarita is delicious and huge. Tried the palomas but preferred the margarita. We ordered just about everything on the menu because it was so cheap and we were sharing. For the 2 of us, we ordered enough for 3-4 -- ooops! Still, with enough food for 3-4 people (had leftovers) and 3 drinks our bill was only $40 pre-tip. I would say my favorites were the little mini soft tacos especial with chorizo and the burrito with pork. I did not care for the gordita - ick that shell tastes like cardboard. The burrito and sandwiches are very large - was expecting them to be smaller considering the cheap prices. They're a self proclaimed tequila dive bar if you're looking to get hammered on some ta-queer-la. The cucumber and radish pieces are really random but I couldn't stop eating them oddly. Will return, just earlier or later!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/4/2013,42,196,3,3,3>Ah Shadowbox. How do you review such an eclectic place? Do I review the food? The drinks? The actual shows? I'll try to touch on everything.Location - In the heart of the recently reviving Brewery District. I far prefer this location to Easton, even though it is more of a hassle to get to. I'll take the glowing neon sign outside and the old brick building over a shopping mall any day.Food/Drink - Very tasty. Also very pricey. I'd knock off about 1/2 star for the price of the goods here. Every time I come here, I spend about $30 per person in food and drinks. That said, everything tastes really good. I am particularly in love with the nachos, whose portion sizes are enormous. I would love to see some draft beer, and find it strange that they don't have a tap system, especially with their proximity to Worlf of Beer and CBC.Atmosphere - Very appropriate. I like the decor, the hardwood and bricks, the artwork, everything. I realize that this is a non-profit and they are probably strapped for cash, but I don't care for all of the panhandling at the tables. If you give them your phone number or email, expect to be contacted for tickets, albeit usually at a discount.The shows - Entertaining! Duh, that is the point right? They have some really talented people working here. The band always nails the covers pretty spot on, and the actors do a good job with their parts. Some of the actual skits and music require a certain taste in humor to appreciate, but I always have a good time.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,5/3/2013,65,187,2,4,5>While I'll always have a soft spot for Havana, this is a worthy replacement.  The menu is great - small, but varied.  I've tried the burger and the goat cheese pizza; both were really tasty.  The beer choices are good, enough variety to satisfy everyone without being obnoxious.  What really sings is the old fashioned.  It's not a true old fashioned, but it's among the best cocktails in town, I think.  The chipotle bitters are multi-layered and add spectacular depth to the drink.  Move over, Barrel44.  Love the atmosphere in this place - the mural is a focal point without being overpowering, and the lighting and dark wood looks timely and modern.  The staff have been great, both at the bar and the tables.  I've honestly got nothing to complain about here - my whole experience was great.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/2/2013,54,200,3,5,4>FINALLY...a breakfast place that serves vegan pancakes.  yipee.  Never thought I'd see the day.  The staff is extra cool and laid back.  I checked in on yelp for that cookie they offer and they gave me a vegan brownie because there were no vegan cookies- how awesome is that?It's such a cute little place.  Street parking was really easy-- although I went on two weekdays so I would imagine this might not be the case on the weekends.  I went twice in one week.  The first time, I ordered the vegan biscuits and gravy and she made it to order.  The second time, the vegan pancakes..also made to order.  It takes awhile to receive your food but I take that as a good sign.  Please..take all day to serve me freshly made food-- I'll take it.  As I read and had breakfast, the staff worked and baked up goodies right in front of me...I'm not sure if I've ever seen that happen.  Usually cooking happens in some back corner away from view.  I thought that was pretty cool.  The only drawback to cooking in the open (that I discovered that day) is that dingbats with a cough can go sit right at the bar area and hack all over the freshly made food (ew).I love this place, though.  I would highly recommend it. Oh- and they serve breakfast all day (YESSSSSSSSS).
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/1/2013,6,53,3,3,4>When I had out of town friends visit C-bus, they told me that they wanted to visit the Book Loft.  I was ashamed that I hadn't even heard of it, and more ashamed once I actually visited.  It's awesome!We were there around 7p on a Saturday and it wasn't too crowded.  Not sure when peak hours are, but - I'd avoid them.  Yes, there are 32 rooms, but many of them are tiny, some so small that a single person can barely fit into them.  We had to creatively maneuver around some folks, and there were times when I wanted to check out some books in a corner but was blocked by others.That being said, this place has tons of character!  When you think of childhood books, and they describe these magical libraries, and you think to yourself - man, I'd love to go there - well, that's the Book Loft.Parking was pretty easy for a Saturday evening, but it is street parking.I ended up buying 3 books.  And yes, I checked every book on Amazon prior to deciding.  The 3 I bought were cheaper than Amazon, so you will find some deals!  On the other hand, I found books that were easily $10+ more expensive than Amazon.  So, if you're price conscious, you may want to bring your cell phone for some checks.Overall, the best book store I've ever been in!  I knocked down a star for street parking (UGH) and the random book prices, but definitely worth a visit.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,4/30/2013,89,91,,5,1>Location, location, location, right? Wrong! Do not let the hard to find location hinder you from experiencing fabulous food! I have driven by and glanced at this restaurant for quite some time. My thought was that I never see cars in the parking lot - in my book not a good sign, wrong again!I'm seduced by a irresistible groupon and an article on the restaurant in USA Today. Confirmation, I must try this place.I'm surprised as soon as I enter, very modern, tasteful decor! Check out the floor. Anyway, I had anticipated a language barrier - not. The owner was extremely friendly and helpful in answering all of my questions regarding my food choices. Her hospitality and kindness had already won me over without eating one bite!The food - awesome!!! The seasoning, the texture, aroma and plating - all perfect! The anjeera bread, spongy deliciousness! Goat meat, tender meaty goodness! Everything was very good! The price, portion and taste of food will have me going back on a regular basis!Also, there are no cars because the majority of customers do take out. It was a steady stream of customers coming and picking up their call in orders.Try it you'll like  it!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/29/2013,31,164,,4,6>Ordinarily, I'm a tea drinker. I have nothing against coffee -- that is, it's not a strict abstention so much as a strong leaning in the other direction -- and there are two main times when I will choose the bean over the leaf.One is while trying to drive long distances on less sleep than I would like.The other is when a crazy number of positive reviews for a place that sells only coffee pique my curiosity.I never really noticed this little shop, despite being so close to Studio 35, which I go to frequently. I never would have guessed it had a name -- the big sign simply says "Coffee." But the happy, bright colors are welcoming, and the sign does not lie. There is indeed Coffee. With a capital C, yes.There are also a couple of tables to the side with art, postcards, CDs, comics... all, I would assume, by local artists. Or friends of the owner who may or may not be local? I'm kinda clueless about the art scene, but either of those would be plausible. It's been so long since I was a regular coffee drinker that my taste buds are rusty. But this coffee pleased them. I can see the draw. If I were a 9-to-5er with a need for the heavy fuel, this place would be a more satisfying bet than a Starbucks drive-through.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,4/28/2013,27,185,5,4,4>Ok, so what are they using in their cream that is so addictive?  I ordered a few items that I intended would last me a couple of days: chocolate covered cream puffs, a slice of chocolate-cream roll-up cake, and a slice of white chocolate mousse cake.  Yet... they barely lasted the evening....  In the slow traffic on the way home, I found I couldn't stop popping the puffs. They're worse than potato chips!  And with both the cakes, cutting them in half didn't stop me from ending up devouring them nearly in one sitting. ...and thinking about them later.  Dreadfully, terribly addictive I tell you!    The reason I think is the cream itself- super creamy but not overpowering, with a nice flavor that isn't too sweet.  Though I imagine I don't want to know the calories, it doesn't feel heavy or overly decadent.  ...The flavorful chocolate on the mousse cake and puffs was also a major attraction, though.  That is some darn good chocolate! If sweets aren't your thing, GD also offers a range of savory items, including Asian mean buns and such.    And if you want an entire cake, not a problem. You can get them specially made complete with pretty decorations if you like.  The strawberry cake is the big seller - a lady in line was picking one up and I must say it was very attractive.  She herself could not say enough about how delicious these cakes are and how I should try one, so if strawberry and kiwi are your thing, give that a go maybe. I don't think a cake will break your budget either as the prices here are pretty good, with the slices of cake being cheaper than the desserts in most restaurants and the Asian items on par with similar bakeries in the area.   Also, the people I dealt with were perfectly happy to use a coupon I had from an entertainment book which took $5 off my order so don't hesitate to use one if you have such.Really, the service was great in general.  There were three people working when I dropped in, with a man I presumed to be the owner talking with a lady about a cake she wanted made.  The place is small and was very busy, but the clerks were helpful and pleasant, and took the time to answer my questions without any sign of impatience. Also, I should mention that it was late in the day when I dropped in, only a few hours to closing, but there was still a good selection of fresh treats to choose from. There is not a place to sit in the bakery except a table that the owner uses to go over cake details with customers, so if you want to drop in, plan on going straight home (or maybe bringing a cooler) if you want to order anything that should probably be refrigerated.  The parking lot is huge and you won't be anyone's way if you want to hang around, but it isn't really a place you want to hang out and eat cake.  ...Cream puffs maybe.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/27/2013,81,86,3,5,5>My husband and I went with some friends last night to see Pineapple Express. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful.  We spoke with John (father of one of the owners) for a while who told us about the theater's history and the recent renovations.  The bar is a great place to hangout and mingle before the movie.  They have forty beers on tap, and I think they also have liquor.  We didn't order any of the food, but I will post an update when we try some of that.Our tickets were only $5!!  Maybe that is just the price for the 5pm time slot, but seriously you cannot beat that.  Also, when you buy popcorn, you can MIX IN M&M's!!  Yes, people, it's as delicious as it sounds!  The theater is clean (no sticking to the seat/floors), and the ladies bathroom was spotless.  I'm really excited that we found this place, and we will definitely be going back!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,4/26/2013,72,39,4,7,6>It's not every bakery that can successfully wed style with substance, but Pistacia Vera manages this miracle with seemingly effortless skill. Everywhere the clean lines of modern architecture suggest a simple beauty, not unlike the pure perfection in a bite of their freshly-baked bread. Within these red brick walls and tasteful window-lined alcoves, the air of culinary sophistication is no clever ruse: these chefs are artists working in the mediums of savory and sweet, with pleasure as their palette.As if I needed another excuse to indulge in my love of locally-made edibles, I recently decided to participate in a program called "Foodie Pen-Pals". My pal has a weakness for sweets but resides in the West Coast, which meant all treats must be both transportable and durable, in addition to being tasty. It's a tall order, but I instantly knew that Pate de Fruits would achieve every goal.Packaged in an attractive 8-pack, the ombre colored squares of sugared fruit "gems" are intensely flavored yet somehow never too sweet nor too sour, and are absolutely lovely to look upon. They'll easily survive the several day journey, and they're sure to please even the pickiest of pen-pals. My husband and I added two orders of cookies to the purchase, to spoil ourselves after a day's shopping well done.I chose the Bittersweet Fudgie, billed as the "best chocolate cookie ever", a dubious title, but I don't dare disagree. The mister declared it "The best cookie I have eaten, ever" after the first bite I gave him, and I could barely stand to share more. It was like a brownie, or a cookie, or the best parts of both cocoa-laced fantasy worlds: a fever dream of crisp-almost-crunchy crust, with a softly fudgy inner layer that might make you moan as it melts on your tongue. He chose a pair of madeleines, which we discovered were flavored subtly and seductively with lemon. They were almost cloudlike in their spongy tenderness, and sweet as lemonade on a summer afternoon.There is nothing I have tried here that doesn't rival my own baking, or best it. These desserts are among the very best that Capital City has to offer, and I'm inclined to inquire if their brunch might be likewise. As if I needed another excuse!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,4/25/2013,92,300,1,5,7>Explorer's Club, you did it again! I had a fantastic meal tonight and my parents were thoroughly impressed. I always love your simplicity. Instead of piling in salt and fat, you use high quality ingredients and keep it minimal while still creating that perfect balance. Your Mac and cheese is simply cheesy, creamy and perfect. Your salads are fresh and flavorful, your burritos make me want to melt into my chair and your mofongo burger is my new favorite burger in town. It has that perfectly charred flavor with a juicy, beefy patty and a nice blend of unfamiliar burger flavors to make the experience everything you hope for and a brand new experience all at once! I am so excited about your new menu coming out but a little scared about losing some favorites. I'm fairly certain you're going to knock it out of the park again though. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/24/2013,93,276,2,4,5>Holy mackeral! Let me tell you something about Tai's, one of those inexpensive and delicious meals, you can make it last for 3 sittings!I went here with a group for a friends birthday dinner. John and I ordered two sushi rolls (only $7!!) as an appetizer and each got our own meal. The sushi came out very quickly and tasted really great. Our meals came sauntering out a little bit later. My first reaction was shock. For $8 you get a ton of food. John's noodle dish was massive. He is normally able to finish any meal set before him and hates to take home leftovers, he gave up and got a box. I ordered the hibachi chicken dinner. It came with a mound of rice, a huge portion of steamed veggies (thought the steamed potatoes were weird to have along with rice...), and 3 chicken breasts. Exactly how much food do they think one person can eat?! Needless to say, I too got a box and made that meal my lunch for the next two days as well.If you want cheap, tasty food and you want a lot of it, check out Tai's.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/23/2013,33,244,9,4,5>Oh Westerville Grill, your fried chicken salad is so good I have never actually ordered anything else.  Seriously, I get the same thing every time; does that make me a bad person?  One of these days I'll order something different...  That's what I tell myself anyway, but I know I'll go back.  Back to that hussy, even when I swore I wouldn't.  My life crumbling around me, friends concerned because "we don't even know who you are anymore," R in tears, screaming that I'm throwing everything we had away for a salad topped with fried chicken, slivered almonds and cheese.  It's ok Fried Chicken Salad, she doesn't know what we have.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,4/22/2013,94,224,4,9,5>OK.. after reading all the reviews on this place, I knew I had to make a point of coming here... so I did... more than once!!I LOVE Italian food... my favorite is Lasagna!!!  So, imagine what I had here... more than once... YES, LASAGNA!!!  Yes, it was so good, I had to get it again.... and I will again...The portion is HUGE... SERIOUSLY HUGE!!!!  However, I ate it all, the second time... first time I had to take some home, but only due to the fact that I started with some Cheesy Garlic Bread.  WARNING... if you plan to get the lasagna, don't get an appetizer, or you won't be able to finish...Of course I'm always nosy and have to look to see what all the other tables are eating, and it ALWAYS looks soooooo good.  One of these days, I'll have to break away from the lasagna...There are two huge, very cool stained glass in the back dining area.  Very nice when its still light outside!!!  I'm sure there is some story behind them...Anyway, this place is a must!!  GO HERE!!Now I'm hungry... for their Lasagna!!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,4/21/2013,84,263,2,8,6>Decided I needed to check this place out, and man I'm glad I did. Like previous reviewers have stated, this choose-your-own sushi place works logistically like Chipotle. GENIUS MOVE. Sure, they don't have a ton of raw options and this is in no way traditional sushi. But for what it is, this place is superb. And at only 3 weeks old (today) I am really impressed at what they've got going on. Saturday night around 7:30 this place was PACKED. Much like Chipotle lines, it was long but moved quickly enough I wasn't having second thoughts. One of the co-owners was keeping the line occupied by saying hi, answering questions and just getting to know the Fusian customer base. Friendly guy. Pricing works like Chipotle as well. Proteins determine your roll price, while veggies, cream cheese, avocado, sauce and basic toppings (like tempura flakes) are included in the base price. The rolls are really large and come out to about 10 pieces. Great value.I got half tuna, half spicy salmon (yes they let you mix!), cucumber, carrot, avocado, cream cheese, jalapeño, spicy mayo, sweet soy and tempura flakes. 10 pieces, all for only $7.25. I added on a Miso soup ($1.75) and side of seaweed salad ($3.00) to try and loved those as well. I am now sitting on my couch enjoying my very own sushi creation, without the Short North Saturday night lines and prices. Don't come here expecting award winning traditional sushi. It's campus. It's cheap. People are in sweat pants. It's fantastic.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,4/20/2013,82,168,3,6,3>So I'm from the south, and this kind of place is just par for the course down there. It's not "real" Mexican food, it's extremely Americanized... but it's cheap, very filling, and (best for me) very easy to go gluten-free. In general, I try not to eat at these places too often, because it's all too easy to stuff yourself on very unhealthy food without batting an eye. But I've discovered a terrible lack of good Mexican food in Columbus. This place really helps fill that void. I can't believe how inexpensive their food is. The servers are always ridiculously nice. The margaritas are actually pretty good. Basically, I love it. Pro tip: try the chicken & rice soup. It's a hidden gem on their menu. It has fresh avocado and cilantro in it! Delicious.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,4/19/2013,19,189,3,6,4>Amazing tasty little sandwichesFresh unique beer and cocktails in a fun environment that is not as crowded as the next door dirty franks.  The portion size here is very enjoyable, and for the price you really can't beat it. The food is not pretentious, and it is tasty and well rounded. These are not the best burgers that you can find, but there is something that is unique about being able to get several different types of "sliders" for the price of one burger at another joint. This area of town is slowly finding itself with more and more locally owned joints that are doing well. If you want something to eat, you can't go wrong with this or any of the other restaurants that have popped up along 4th street Plus they have Poutine, which I mean you can't really go wrong with that.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,4/18/2013,142,94,8,6,4>A couple of years ago, I was a frequent visitor to Central Nails for the best pedicure in town. Work stuff got in the way and I stopped going for a while... not because I went someone else, I just wasn't getting pedicures. Fast forward to December 31st. I went into Central Nails as a happy new year treat and birthday event for the Mister. Even after a couple of years, the staff remember us and were very friendly. We chatted it up with everyone while they gave me an amazing pedicure. I highly recommend Central Nails and send everyone I know there.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,4/17/2013,138,148,3,7,7>My first bowl of pho of the new year brought me to the Sawmill & 161 area and Pho Chef for a big steaming bowl of tasty and I was not disappointed. Walking in the door of this clean, open and well lit dining room I was greeted immediately and ushered to a nice sunny table. The dining area is open, uncrowded and dominated by a huge flat screen tv on one side of the room while the rest of the area is adorned with a couple large pictures of vietnamese foods and coffee. As always , I find it strange that many of these places have large TV's with the volume muted, no captions and then radio playing over it, quirky.I already knew what I was there for but took time to peruse their very nice menu with good descriptions and pictures of each of the dishes served there. I can see that these spiral bound menus would make it very appealing for folks without experience with vietnamese cuisine.Ordered the Pho Tai and it was delivered in less than 10 minutes, steaming, hot and fragrant. A perfect sized plate of bean sprouts, basil, lime and jalapeno slices accompanied it, very fresh and colourful. Each table is stocked with soup spoons, napkins and the usual roundup of rooster, hoisin, soy and their own house made sauce.When it comes to pho the broth is always the star. The broth here was clear with a distinct savory beef flavour that was accented nicely with the usual spices in pho. A good sized share of rice noodles was accented with cilantro, slivered onion and bite sized slices of lean beef.Overall on my first trip here I can say this place is clean, has a friendly helpful staff and while I can't comment on the other dishes served here I can say they do serve up a tasty big smiling bowl of delicious pho. I'll be back on during the next Pho Moon and the urge overcomes me when I am in the neighborhood.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,4/16/2013,141,548,,7,7>I was given a choice among a few places (none of which I'd been to) for a birthday meal, and I went with this one as it had the most appealing menu online.  Wise choice, as it turned out.I started with the pureed cremini mushroom soup, which was outstanding even if the flavor seemed a little too concentrated.  When the savory richness became a bit much, I used what was left as a dip for the outstanding bread that was served with the meal.We split two entrees: The grilled scallops and the pork loin.  Both were done perfectly.  Neither was greasy, overcooked, or over-salted (three things I'd become accustomed to when it comes to higher-end eating in Columbus).  Potion sizes were perfect: large enough to satisfy, but small enough to encourage savoring your food.L'Antibes is now my go-to restaurant for a classy meal in the city.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,4/15/2013,1214,553,7,7,6>On my recent vacation, I may have gotten a little lazy. And I may have not shaved for 16 days. I've never gone that long before without shaving, so who knew I was actually going to like this scruffy look?But the only problem with being bearded is that you have to get somebody to clean that shit up. We're talking about a barbershop, people, and frankly - that's a little terrifying.If you're a guy like me who gets panicky with the idea of going somewhere run by - and primarily for - straight men, then you'll understand the emotional roller coaster I was on. I did my research, and I even tried a couple of other shops first; everything was a big failure. Until I found Old Familiar...I had read OF's Yelp reviews, and I studied their website. They seemed nice enough, so I bit the bullet and made an appointment. I was kinda blown away by this place. In a fascinating dichotomy, Old Familiar really is a "man's man" type of place, but the barbers are also insanely talented and totally into their art. One minute, they're drinking beer and talking dirty; the next, they're teaching a walk-in the precise art of styling his hair.As for me, I felt totally comfortable here. The barbers didn't pander to me or try to curtail the environment, and I wasn't anxious - not even a little. Josh was my barber, and he did a fantastic job teaching me all about beards. He took his time cleaning me up, and he never acted pissed off when I asked a million questions. My newly-grown beard looked great, and I even had a plan for how to keep it up. Oh, and the cost? $10!I didn't get my hair cut, but I watched Kenji (the other barber) give a pretty sweet-looking cut to another customer. I don't know barbershop lingo, but this guy has skills. I am really pleased with my first trip to Old Familiar, and I already have my next appointment scheduled with Josh. I truly believe that no matter what type of guy you are, you'll have a great time here.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,4/14/2013,56,151,2,2,3>My friend and I came across this cute bakery on the way to our friend's house, where we were headed empty-handed. Luckily, we took a wrong turn and found Cherbourg!There wasn't much left when we got there, which to me is a good sign. Everything is baked fresh, and when it's gone- it's gone. We got two of everything that was left: double lemon bars (apparently, their most popular item), espresso brownies, and some sort of pumpkin chocolate chip bar.The lemon bars were delicious...no wonder they are the most popular! They have the perfect balance of tartness to sweetness. These lemon bars were the first to disappear among our friends! The espresso brownies were so moist and didn't have an overwhelming coffee flavor; I could have eaten a whole box of these suckers. I didn't care for the chocolate chip pumpkin bar, but it was moist and soft- it was our least favorite.The prices are a little high here but worth it. Everything made at Cherbourg is gluten and nut free (who knew gluten-free baked goods could be so yummy), so no need to worry about who has what allergy if you are bringing goodies from here. Can't wait to take another wrong turn on the way to my friend's and "accidentally" run into this bakery again!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,4/13/2013,33,299,2,4,2>Whoa, is this place huge!  It just goes on further and further back, and there is a connection between the two store areas, so it feels like a real treasure hunt as you sort through the variety of clothes, jewelry, furniture, silverware, art, and more that surround you.  There are little alcoves set up with a variety of pieces, and a long line of cases towards the back that hold jewelry and silverware.  There are racks of furs, and then you look the other way, and there is a Barbie lamp.  The tags on most of the items are pretty helpful - they lay out what the price will be over the course of its stay at the store, so you can see when it will drop (if it is still there, of course).  A sign on the cases indicated that if you are looking for specific pieces, you can let the front desk know for them to call you when items come in.  Of course, the selection is constantly changing, so it's worth visiting again if you're on the hunt for something and don't find it right away.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/12/2013,36,136,3,4,5>Wow. That is all I can say. What a difference a new owner can make.If you read my last review of Oldfield's, it is obvious that I had an awful experience and never went back. Recently, I heard that Oldfield's was under new management, so I decided to try it out. I am so glad I did! I went here on a Friday night around 5 PM to watch the OSU basketball game. Little did I know, Oldfield's doesn't have the Big Ten Network, so the game wasn't playing. We decided to stay anyway. After about 20 minutes, the new owner, Dan, came in to the bar with his computer and actually streamed the OSU game through his laptop on to one of the TV's! I was amazed that he took the extra time to please his customers. We ended up staying pretty late just talking to customers and the bartender. It was great. Around 10 PM, the place was getting really packed. As of last week, there are two patio areas outside. One by the front door and one on the side of the building that you can access from inside. You can now take drinks outside in these designated areas! They also replaced the small box TV's with 47 inch flat screens above the bar! How awesome is that?! The bathrooms are even decorated really nice and kept extremely clean. I am amazed with the improvements. My overall experience was great! I can definitely see myself becoming a regular since I live so close. If you haven't been to Oldfield's in the last few months, try it out again! I am so glad that I gave them a second chance!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,4/11/2013,363,423,14,6,4>My friend Travis and I were walking down High Street after lunch at Mac's this afternoon.  Just before we got to the cap we stopped for a moment.  Standing there in front of this little shop, we peered in.  "I didn't know this place was here.  Looks pretty cool"  I said. Travis said the same.  "Ready to move on?"  I asked Travis after a minute or so.  "Sure, Mike, let's go".  But wait.  There's something wrong here.  I looked down to see my hand reaching out to grab the the door handle.  The door opened and Travis and I were pulled into the shop.  It was like we were floated into this shop filled with sweets.  What was this force?  Was it God?  The Devil?  Premium Chocolates?  It was all a whirl after we got through the chocolate portal.  Surreal.  I don't remember much other than they asked us several questions.  They were probing, trying to find our weaknesses.  Look at the pretty chocolates.  Smell that?  Look at that.  They drew us into their web of chocolate morsels with their different colors,weird shapes, and various chocolates.  We were helpless against them.  My head was spinning.  Travis too was mesmerized by the sight.Fistfuls of our hard earned money was handed over to these evil chocolatiers.  We were given chocolate covered bacon, with sea salt no less, truffles, chocolates with nuts and other flavors to tantalize us.  It was a fix to get us hooked.  And then....they smiled at us.  They even thanked us, "for coming in"  Yeah right.  It wasn't of our choice to come in, you evil people in you cute little shop of cocoa and sugars. Our heads are clear now and the chocolate was eaten hours ago.  You exploited our weaknesses this time, we'll see who wins the next time when we come back!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/10/2013,229,539,2,4,4>I have seen 2 concerts here (Braid Paisley and Kid Rock) and I really enjoy this venue. Parking is pretty easy and reasonably priced. There are a ton of hotels around, in case you choose to stay in the city. Cabs are a hot commodity after a show so have one lined up or be prepared to wait. People will mow you down to get a cab. I saw one girl physically try to push a woman away from the cab door and pull her out of the cab. Wow. Anyway...back the important part...the arena itself...It is extremely clean and well maintained! There are many beer stands although each time I have been there not all of them are open...despite the event being jam packed. The staff is fabulous. I had a problem with one of my seats and they moved us to equivalent seats immediately and without question. I thought that was awesome. They took into account that it had to be done quickly (so we would not miss any of the show) and executed immediately. Brownie points for that.We will be back here for more concerts. We choose it over any other arena when possible. You should too. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/9/2013,69,101,4,9,5>Our first time here, and I'm definitely coming back!Imagine a 50 lb blue heeler that has to be dragged back by the groomer.  He's facing the door, going butt first into the back, paws engaged in futile gripping of the floors as he's pulled away to his version of torture all while flashing you his look of puppy despair.  Yep, that's my boy!  At least this is how he's acted every time I've brought him to the groomer the past four years.  I was happily surprised when I brought him to Mutts & Co that his groomer came and greeted him, and they happily pranced off together towards the grooming station like buds.  I've never seen him do that.  Ever.  Now fast forward to the pick up, my boy usually busts out over the gate and tries to run through the glass doors like a fugitive on death row.  This time, he pranced up to me, smiling, like, "what's up Mom?  I was just chillin'"  I'm a pretty over-protective pet parent.  My dog was an adopted rescue who had obviously been badly abused in his past life.  I take his comfort with pet care providers very seriously.  That being said, I am very impressed with the full service grooming here.  1. The groomers are really great with the dogs (I can't stop raving about this!)2. The holding area for the dogs that are ready are little open-topped fenced in spaces, no cages that I could see.  3. $55 for the MiniSpa + nail trimming + tooth brushing for my very very furry boy (would be $65 for full service - ie. full shave down)4. Customer loyalty program - they use your email to keep track of your $ spent, for every $200 you spend you get $6 back 5. Fast! He was done in an hour6. Cute bandana7. They don't go overboard with the doggie cologne - the pup came home fluffy like a bear and smelled of clean soap8. Very cute toys and dog accessoriesSome tips: they book out pretty far, so you have to call to set your appointment.  Also they have a policy where they call you 30 minutes before your dog is ready, and you're expected to pick him up within 15 minutes of your dog being done (otherwise they charge you a fee).  Since they are pretty speedy, don't go too far after dropping your dog off.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,4/8/2013,42,170,2,5,3>My wife and I were looking for midcentury furniture to go in our new house, and we've been to vintage stores all over town.  If you're looking for midcentury-era furnishings, this is the best place I've found in town.  The entire basement is packed with hard-to-find gems from the 50s and 60s, mostly in good condition.  What really stood out to me though was the prices.  Other places I've been, like Grandview Mercantile and Flower Child, charged far more for similar goods, perhaps because their Short North overhead is higher and perhaps just because they're snobby.  At Eclectiques, the pricing is fair.  The staff is also friendly and helpful.  Go up to Clintonville and wander around a little.  You'll see some great vintage items and probably walk out with a thing or two.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,4/7/2013,29,60,2,4,2>Beside African Paradise, this is one other African restaurant that I regularly visit. I love love the Joloff rice with chicken. That dish alone can make this restaurant worthy of visit, truly a star. If you are on a more adventurous side, try the deep fried fish and goat soup or peanut butter soup. Love it. Most of the time, the owner will give you a sample of the soup, somehow they really recommend goat with everything. Do not really care about the appetizers, they are great but did not stand out as great as the entree. Great service too. The owner is very hospitable and he will walk you through some of the highlights on the menu. Sometimes it comes out as too friendly to me, especially when he tries to influence you on your choice of dish but hey, i would rather have that than an unfriendly waiter having a bad hair day.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,4/6/2013,37,214,4,3,5>Okay, I've been meaning to try this place for awhile now but hadn't gotten to yet. Until tonight. A friend had posted their special on Facebook with a note of "Anyone interested?" and I jumped at the chance. Tonight's special was a mahi mahi sandwich with guacamole and a spicy mayo-like sauce. It was awesome. Messy, spicy, tasty, and great. I was lucky to have a clean shirt after I was done. And the side... the side was a quinoa salad with apples and cranberries and it was super tasty. Then there's the beer. A big selection, although there are bigger beer lists around town, it's a careful chosen selection. We both experimented and struck gold each time. Then our server recommended another one and we took her choice... we were not disappointed at all. And, the service. Our server was super nice, attentive but not climbing all over us. And the other staff who stopped by to either bus the table, or check on us, or were warming up by the fire were all friendly and warm. If they can maintain this level of service and quality of food/beer, I'll be back early and often. And so should you. Make the drive, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,4/5/2013,30,144,2,5,4>Manifesto is a welcomed addition to the downtown lunch scene.  On days when I don't want a desk sandwich, something tossed on a bagel or mediocre soup (i.e. just about every day at work), this place fits the bill.Manifesto offers a number of "right sized", economical lunch options.  The flatbreads (which you can also have as a panini) are all fantastic.  The meatball sliders are great too (although not filling enough to hold me over for dinner).  After several recommendations, I finally tried the braised cheek as well - and there is a reason it is one of the menu favorites.While I rely on Manifesto primarily for lunch, I've also been there for an after work happy hour and a before theater dinner.  That is the beauty of Manifesto, it easily meets the needs of a gourmet, yet economical lunch, a great place for a drink (love the Sazerac and on-tap beers) and an evening meal which is convenient to downtown theaters.  I hope that downtown can continue to support this type of gourmet development.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,4/4/2013,39,128,3,6,4>Working just down the street, I have been waiting for Hills to open since the big announcement. For months we would stroll by judging the progress and day dreaming of the big open. When my co-workers and I heard about the soft opening, we rushed over during our lunch. Hills definitely lived up to the anticipation. All of the staff members were so friendly and helpful. They seemed just as excited as we were for the opening. You can't beat the local options, I'm most excited about Johnson's ice cream and coffee  from local roasters. I could spend my entire lunch hour staring at the bakery selections. I'm looking forward to their events, including cooking demonstrations and happy hours. For now I've only picked up a few items but it won't be long until I try out their salad bar and deli sandwiches which look wonderful.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/3/2013,185,387,10,6,6>Lots of beards and plaid in here.It's another 'By dudes, for dudes!' beer joint, but like House Beer, I ain't mad. It's bigger than HB, and, of course, there's the brew-your-own aspect.  But, the aesthetic of HB is echoed here with edison (tesla is more hipster, no?) lights, and lots of repurposed wood and other architechtural pieces. But, the magnitude is definitely taken a few steps further. In fact, I overheard bits and pieces of the bartender explaining where everything came from (some shutters from an old distillery, the beveled glass... was tuning in and out, but this joint really should put some of the info on a pamphlet).Bru lacks much signage from the outside, but that could have something to do with the rumor that I heard about Bru needing to change its name. Inside, besides all the beards, plaid, repurposed toothpicks (not really), etc you will notice a large brewing area behind the bar. Separated by glass indoor windows, the brewing area is a sight to behold. For now, the plan is to get on the calling list, and then reserve a time to come and brew your own when a slot becomes available. I like this idea for the home brewer. Home-based brews are big right now, and this might offer something for the person who doesn't want to invest the space and money into the brewing equipment just yet. Give it a go, and decide if it's a hobby you want to take further. Or, just enjoy having someone else do all the setup and cleanup for you. We had a pint each of the house milk stout. It was fantastic-- just one was quite enough (which is how I like to drink beer). Besides the house brew options, there's a variety of microbrew bottles. A full collection of OYO and Watershed sits on the bar as well-- among other unique spirits. Plenty of TVs make this brewmiester's haven a borderline sports bar, but they aren't too intrusive. It's definitely a good neighborhood hangout for groups of bros, and this gal didn't mind interloping on a winter weekend afternoon to check it out.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,4/2/2013,51,317,,4,5>We stumbled across this shop during Holiday Hop - what a find!  Apparently that was their opening day - looked like they were getting plenty of interested business.  :-)  So what's the deal?  A various selection of vinegars and olive oils - which all were VERY tasty.  My husband and I went up and down the aisles sampling, and came back a week later to sample and buy some more.  There's only so much olive oil you can taste in one day.Favorites?  Mushroom and wild sage olive oil and dark chocolate balsamic vinegar!  There was one olive oil that I don't remember the spelling - it wasn't one of the infused ones, but it was definitely his favorite.  The two women in the store were SUPER friendly and we got to sample a pizzelle made by one of their grandmothers.  This would be a good place to get a Christmas gift for the foodie in the family.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/1/2013,26,378,4,5,3>Why has it taken me so long to hit up Brothers Drake Meadery? First off, don't let the idea of a totally hipster sounding/looking place fool you: Brothers Drake Meadery is A+++ would-do-business-with-again outstanding!The beverage selection obviously includes homemade meades ranging from dry to sweet, but they also feature a great selection of fine local and artisan beers, wines, and Watershed liquors. Even the cream mixers are Snowville!The staff knows the libation selection inside and out. And while the prices are a bit high, just remember where you are. You'd pay double in Chicago or NYC, I promise you.The stage features insanely good sound, and I really want my band to play here. SOON!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,3/31/2013,135,164,7,9,4>How has Columbus gone so long without a fun Tiki themed lounge?  I unfortunately never got to experience Kahiki before they closed.  The cool decor of this place immediately makes you feel like you've stepped into tropical lounge.  I loved the volcanic glowy looking wall.  Neither myself nor my dining partners got lei-ed upon our arrival like some other guests did.  We continually mentioned our disappointed in "not getting laid".  Ah well. ;-)To wet the ol whistle, I ordered the "Grass Skirt Mai Tai" and a "Polly want a Kraken?"  The fresh mint in the Mai Tai was a nice touch.  I particularly liked the Polly want a Kraken probably because I have a thing for ginger beer.To satisfy the belly I tried the spam and swiss sliders and Hawaiian burgers.  Both were good, but I think I enjoyed the Hawaiian burger a bit more.  Neither blew my mind, but the Hawaiian was quite juicy, savory, and the sweet addition of pineapple was nice.  I will mention as others have that if you park in their lot, if you are not in the second row and are parked on the crappier looking pavement, you MUST pay $3 for parking!  I had no idea and had to later go out and put money into the machine by the sidewalk.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/30/2013,114,521,,8,6>When we found a cat that had been literally dumped in our back yard, we searched for a no-kill shelter who could take him. After several weeks, the team at Colony Cats were able to take him in, get him fixed, checked out by a vet, and adopted into a new home. Their setting in a strip mall is unusual, but I have to note that the environment is a lot better now than some of the early reviews. I think they've added more volunteers and do more work with cleaning and sanitization. There's no problem with smells or cat litter when we visited, and all of the cats in their center seem happy, socialized, and well cared for.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,3/29/2013,124,232,1,4,2>I'd been by this place many times, but just never ate there. So last night, I finally went. It was a busy Friday evening and as I walked in, I was like "Um...is anyone taking names?" as there was a disorganized line of people in the small entrance. So I got on Yelp and saw some really bad reviews. I was thinking..."Oh crap!! Should've gone to the Mad Greek on E. Broad."  After a short wait, we were shown to our table. The service was very good! Started out with the Kafteri, which is a spicy feta dip, that comes with pita. It was VERY good...and just the right level of spicy. Had a side salad that was pretty good. Then for the main course had the Mykonos Gyro Platter. It was good.....not the best I've ever tasted, but was good. I give this place 4 stars and not 5 just because of the prices are a bit high. I was definitely full, don't get me wrong. But I thought it was a bit steep for what I had. There was also a belly dancer there (I guess every Friday night). It was interesting, but kind've awkward after a while. I enjoyed the live music though!Overall, a really good experience. I will certainly go back!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/28/2013,159,169,2,9,6>At first, I did not love this market as much as I thought I would. As other reviewers have stated, I was also living by Cleveland and visited the West Side Market often to get great and low-priced produce and meats. When I  moved here I wanted North Market to fill that void, and it disappointed with produce pretty comprable to grocery stores and not a lot of food vendors. As time has gone on, I appreciate North Market for everything it is and have spent some wonderful weekends there. First, great food everywhere - you can't go wrong. I recommend snacking on a Brezel Pretzel while you debate if you want Holy Smoke BBQ, Flavors of India, or Kitchen Little. Next, enjoy all of the gifts! I have bought many different, creative greetings cards here as well as flowers, kitchen supplies, and spices. Then, to top it all of, they have a great beer/wine store in the back that has really helpful staff to explain different beers and make great recommendations. Sometimes they even have wine/beer tastings. What goes with wine? The stand across the hallway that has 500 cheeses! Heaven in a case!Outside of the NM being a fun place to walk around, they have GREAT festivals to peruse through. I have been there for the craft fair, coffee tasting, and (most recently) the fiery foods festival -- chili tasting and corn bread eating contest!  I regularly check the website to see what new events are coming up, they make unique weekend activities.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,3/27/2013,208,222,3,7,4>My favorite spot for Korean food out of all the Columbus Korean restaurants (Diaspora, Japanese Oriental Restaurant, Kaya, Minga, Sansu, Silla)  because: +polite, good-natured, efficient service (it seems like the owner is always there and helping out with things, such as waiting tables - i like this down-to-earth, team player approach!)+clean vibes+good presentation (ex: neat squares of egg banchan on a spotless white plate)+authentic-tasting soups (try the hot stone seafood soup!)+large portions+generous servings of vegetables/meats in their dishesWe tried the seafood pancake ($7), steamed pork dumplings ($5), ma po tofu ($12), and the hot stone seafood soup ($15). everything was solid. i couldn't stop eating, which makes me happy......but also sad. hanote: the restaurant serves chinese, korean, and japanese food, but the owners are korean, so don't hesitate to order the korean food! the chinese food is chinese food with a korean twist (which is better in my humble, ethnocentric opinion) tip: order the complimentary barley tea! try to go during lunch hours to get one of their awesome lunch deals - basically half the price! but even when it's not lunch time, this place is a great value for the amount and the quality of food that you're served. Thank goodness there's at least 1 reliable Krestaurant in town! A girl gets tired of cooking sometimes.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/26/2013,115,228,3,6,3>Wait, I've never reviewed Creole Kitchen? How? How?So, I've been to CK a few times before today. We made a special trip today because we just got back from New Orleans, where we found out that beignets are like crack. Seriously, we are addicted to them. And Creole Kitchen? Has beignets for breakfast. So we went.They were legit as hell. I would have liked a couple of mine to be just sliiightly more fried, and I mean maybe a total of 30 seconds longer. They were puffy, which I like in a beignet--I've had some ones that were more dense, the puffy ones are good. Honest to goodness? I think I might like CK's beignets more than Cafe du Monde's.Yeah, I said it.The coffee isn't bad either, but if you like real dairy product in your coffee, be prepared to be disappointed. Fake creamer only--but the coffee seems to be super cheap and it's definitely drinkable.As far as other food, I've had the "muffuletta" po-boy; let's be real, this is not a muffuletta at all, BUT, it is a delicious Italian sub and I will order it again. Hubs had a burger once that was passable but not delicious (it was cheap, though, so there's that). The house-made chips that come with the sandwiches are tasty.I would like to address the po' boy issue. I don't really feel like you can ding someone for not having the right po' boy bread because you can't get that bread in Columbus without having someone make it special for you (which would drive up the overhead considerably at a place like Creole Kitchen). Po' boy bread isn't nearly as chewy as a baguette, and I honestly think that a softer sub roll is probably a more palatable substitute for this type of sandwich. Because of some food inconsistencies, and because their customer service is not exactly friendly if you're not a regular (although the chef himself is nice; he had us put powdered sugar on our own beignets so we got the right amount--the counter staff is often curt with us, but not *rude* or anything... we did have friendly service when we, erm, went back for lunch this afternoon), I'm only giving CK four stars. HOWEVER, this is definitely a place to hit up if you are in the King-Lincoln district. It's good, cheap, tasty take-out. Definitely superior to the Wendy's down the street.(Also, in a place like this, I think it's much more likely to run out of stuff because they are trying to keep their overhead really low, so they likely err on the side of under-ordering. It's one of those places where you have to be a little more patient to help keep the prices low, y'know? Cos with the seafood on the menu, it could easily be inflated more than it is.)
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,3/25/2013,86,139,3,6,4>You want to talk about local? THIS is local. You want to talk about a good cause? THIS is a good cause. You want to talk about coffee and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches? Let's do this thing.Here's the dillio: I got to chat with Sam, the owner, for a good 15 minutes while at GG. She is a young entrepreneur who started her own business through the support of local residents and has spent a great deal of her own money from working at the old Caribou Coffee (formerly at this same location) as well as in the Air Force. Talk about all-American. Every time I go here I've run into Sam and even her little brother, Charlie (I don't think my older bro could ever get me to listen to him... cheers to you Sam for cracking the whip!). They couldn't be friendlier and more eager to do whatever it takes to keep customers satisfied. Not to mention the big $1.50 PBJ sandwiches with the perfect 3:1 ratio (PB:J). I'm for it.For those reviewers  who were worried about food.... worry no more. In the course of chatting with Sam she mentioned they were looking to pair with their nextdoor neighbors (opening soon) to offer items such as breakfast burritos and heartier fare generally. For those of us satisfied with the current offerings (PBJ, awww yeah), keep on going, but for those interested in more, it'll come soon.Starting a business during a recession is never an easy thing to do. In fact, it's the kind of thing that we should all get behind 100%. Businesses like these, owned by sincere hard-working individuals, are why I started Yelping in the first place. Starbucks? Please. Gimme some Grandview Grind.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,3/24/2013,370,523,5,6,8>Delicioso! Less intimidating than a taco truck, but with all the great stuff normally only found at a taco truck. As everyone already knows; Los Guachos has the best pastor in the city. They do it the traditional way of stacking the seasoned pork on the spit with pineapple. It's an amazing process. I believe Columbus Food Adventures posted it on one of their blogs if you're interested how its made (with pics).Anyway, I felt like a king sitting in their carved wooden thrones. The tables were a little small, but nothing you can't make work. Service was nice. You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. I ordered the horchata and it was excellent. A dairy free treat I rarely get to enjoy. I also got the pastor torta. It was a great torta. I'm not sure it was the best, but it was top 3 for sure. I try tortas at every truck I go to. I'm a sandwich kinda girl. Anyway, I had friends get the vegetarian burrito and it looked great! My boyfriend got the pastor burrito and he didn't like all the pineapple chunks in it. I think I would have liked it. He's picky.Overall, a great eat in meal choice. I wish it were closer to where I live so I could frequent it!!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,3/23/2013,60,266,3,5,4>Dimarco's is a great example of a bar that 40 somethings, or my parents would go to, and possibly their parents went to. Don't take that as a disrespect by any means. Personally, I found the environment friendly, laid back, and non judgmental. It wasn't redneck, or stuffy, or awkward. Though we were the youngest people in there... we didn't get any hilljack "one of us" stares. Our bartender was super freaking nice and attentive. You could tell he liked being there... Hell, maybe it was the owner for all I know. This place is just a good ol' fashioned place for the working class to come after a long day, or week of work and just chill, have a beer, watch some sports on their outdated big screen, possibly shoot some pool, or darts, and just freakin' relax. The ambiance is like your friend's basement circa 1982. It even has that smell of once lingering smoke and dankness. Yep, it even has those black, leather padded, high back bar stools. Bow-chicka-wow-wow. Seriously, grab some pizza from Montonis next door (which is attached with a window at the bar) and just chill from the daily grind. This place isn't hip by any means, and is catered toward the older crowd, so hipsters, and ambiance seekers look elsewhere. It's a Dive at best.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,3/22/2013,32,126,2,6,4>I popped into Helen's for a lateish dinner the other night.  The interior is interesting and definitely different.  However once you get past the scruffiness of the place, Helen's service and the food were pretty good.  We started with Hot and Sour Soup, which was good, though perhaps a little under-spiced.  They do not overdo it on the thickeners, which is nice, too.Then came the Xiolong Buns, soup dumplings.  The serving was bigger than I expected with 8 or 9 buns in a bamboo steamer.  The buns were not as bloated as what I have had in China, but the taste was pretty much the same, with the warm "soup" when you bite into them.  Then we had the boiled duck -- one of the traditional dishes.  It is prepared by boiling the duck to cook it, and then plunging it into cold water to congeal the fat.  The fatty duck skin is a delicacy -- to some.  I did enjoy the meat, which was tender and tasty, like duck should be.To go with the duck, we had the most amazing bok choi.  Served with a garlic sauce, the flavor was absolutely superb.  This dish alone made the trip worthwhile.  Fantastic.They have a full bar, and they have Tsingtao to complete your meal.(Bathrooms were decent.)
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,3/21/2013,57,35,10,6,8>Delicious, cozy, homey, clean, cheap.Daybreak Diner is the perfect place to go at dawn- and by dawn I mean the 1pm "brunch" call in the attempt to chase away the residual head pounding from the previous evening's dionysian pursuits.Daybreak is extremely cheap. Serving phenomenal "diner" food prepared in the traditional setting conjured up by the word itself- offering delicious, bottomless coffee for $1.69.The bacon cheeseburger omelette is a direct punch in the face to all those who have ever said that you can't have a burger for breakfast. It is delicious and summons fond memories of grilling out in the backyard on July 4- all for just shy of $8.I was also privileged to try the sausage breakfast burrito- simple, hearty, and fulfilling. With a dash of Frank's Red Hot, I am not at all ashamed to say that I wolfed down this $5 hungry-man portion.Finally the hash browns are crisp while retaining just the right amount of moisture. Daybreak is no health food venue. However, the attentive and friendly wait staff made dining at Daybreak a very affordable treat!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/20/2013,42,76,2,10,2>Just wow. Closest thing to Tokyo is right here, in this tiny little 10 table strip mall restaurant. Don't come here something ordinary. Be patient, and just enjoy the experience. That's about the best advice I can give for this little slice of nirvana. The boy and I came here for my birthday dinner, no reservation. (I suppose they're expected- this place being as small as it is.) It was a Saturday night, and we went all out ordering. Sake, Kirin, appetizers, dessert. The fish didn't even taste like Columbus sushi. It just melted in my mouth. I've never had sushi like this in Cbus before. I can only imagine that this is what sushi is like in Japan. The only con: the (one) server looked stressed out and seemed rushed. She was hesitant to tell us the food would take a while. This being a relaxing evening for us, we kept assuring her that that would be fine by us. I almost wanted to tell her to relax! Towards the end of the two hour meal she did seem to chill and went into detail explaining the desserts to us. This is a special pace for special occasions.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,3/19/2013,884,714,6,11,13>This little cafe used to be a staple of downtown Main St some years ago, pioneering the area before even Liz Lessner. I'm told the line at lunch would stretch around the corner. After a deal fell through on a new location, the owner and proprietor took a few years off, but is back to share her amazing home-cooking with Columbus once again. I was tipped off to the place by a friend who used to frequent the old location. Bread and Better only does breakfast and lunch, and they offer some daily specials too, like Fish Fry Friday and Soul Food Thursday. I went for a late breakfast on a Saturday afternoon and was, to be quite frank, blown away. My order consisted of a waffle, grits, and potatoes. Almost everything is made from scratch, including the waffle batter, which was used to create the best waffle I've ever eaten. It featured walnuts and a rich, thick caramel glaze to boot (no syrup needed here folks). The potatoes, too, were some of the best I've eaten. They were sliced and prepared with onions and peppers; I could have eaten two more orders. The only thing average about the meal was the grits, which, being grits, were still delicious. The service and atmosphere was just as enjoyable (the menu does say "We bake you happy" after all). The new location is tucked into the back of a church just outside of my hood in North Linden, off of Agler Rd. When I dined, the church band had just set up on the other side of the wall for practice, and I was blessed with live jazz, funk, and soul that could only have been God's work while I ate my divine breakfast. The dining area itself was as cute as it could possibly be, with little tables scattered around the room for would-be diners. Nonetheless, at this late hour, the cafe was all but dead as the owner/head chef sat and chatted with a few regulars. She's a personable one too, asking my name, talking to me while she cooked and so on. The moral of the story is "GO!" I can't wait to return for a Friday Fish Fry. If you're reading this and are one of my fellow local yelpers who has my number, call me before you go. I want to join you.P.S. Yelp won't let me add their facebook page (their only web presence), so here it is: facebook.com/breadandbet
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,3/18/2013,77,271,5,4,4>My husband introduced this place to me when we first met.  The gyro combos are great, and very cheap.  They have the best fries in town; you get a big portion and they are fresh-cut.  I always get an extra cup of tzatziki sauce to dip them in.  I have since stopped eating meat, but they have the falafel pita for vegetarians.  The falafel pita, fries, and pop combo is $5.95.  I agree with other reviewers that the dining room/atmosphere is not the best/cleanest, but the food more than makes up for it.At one time, they had a little sign up telling people how to pronounce Gyro, but it's gone.  I wish more people knew it is "yay-ro", not "gy-ro".
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,3/17/2013,171,384,2,4,2>Holy shit. It's been nearly three years since I first reviewed Roots.I still love the place, as the menu changes, and the seasonal staff changes.Sadly, for me, brunch is gone. They refined the lunch and dinner menu - using seasonal ingredients, having Ohio brews, doing the occasional food pairing (seriously, sign up for these, they're awesome).My favorite? Well, I usually try the specials, but if the special doesn't interest me (I'm not a fan of seafood) I order Steak Au Poivre. Peppered steak with a brandy cream sauce, with red skin potatoes and spinach. Delicious.Want an appetizer? GET THE PRETZEL BITES OR THE LOVE OF BUDDHA. These aren't your typical, freeze-dried pretzel bites with nuked cheese. These are like pretzel rolls with a horseradish sauce and a creamy cheese and bacon dip. Split them with a friend, or else you'll eat the whole plate.Here for lunch? The chicken salad is tasty and perfect!Go on a beer tour - get beer specials and a personalized pint glass afterwards, and drink specials. It's worth it. Get flight of Ohio brews.The bartenders are awesome and the staff is friendly - but they still get slammed a lot on the weekends (And, you know us Powell people, we like to stick around after eating and making tables not open up).
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,3/15/2013,57,115,5,7,8>My coworker and I went here for lunch earlier this week and WOW am I glad I did. It was amazing. Food was very well seasoned...cooked to dire perfection and super, super fast. Now, granted, were were the only two in the restaurant which is absolutely dumbfounding to me. This place is SOOOO good!I chose one of the lunch specials (beef koobideh) and my coworker got the chicken kabobs. Both came with rice and a salad with their special dressing. I'm not sure what it was but again...it was delicious. You also have the option of ordering pita and hummus with it and that too made my belly purr like a happy kitten. Overall, I left feeling full but not engulfed in a food coma, satisfied and with a smile on my face. Peruvian food is more mediterranean-leaning so don't sway away. You'll be glad you tried this place.The only thing I'd suggest to the owners is have the cool cultural music playing all the time (as it was only turned on the last 20 minutes of our lunch or so). It was really nice and I can't stand quiet restaurants, people, etc.Go to this place. Christina C. I'm lookin' at you if you've not been! Help get this place out there. They're amazing and I will be back...fo' sheezy.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,3/14/2013,34,66,2,4,5>What a fun store!  Spoonful Records' small exterior belies its abundance of treasure.  Everything is very neatly organized, making perusing incredibly easy.  Used titles can be found toward the left side of the store, while sealed vinyls are to the right.  New releases are arranged on a table by the entrance so that you won't leave without drooling over that grandiloquent reissue of Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.Although - because the store is only a fraction of the size of places like Used Kids - I wasn't expecting to find much, I was pleasantly delighted by Spoonful's stock of older and harder-to-find titles, especially at competitive prices.  I walked out with a New Order album and single at $6.50 plus tax, not bad at all.  Had I lingered, I probably would have purchased half the Radiohead discography as well.  Hell, they even have notebooks and a clock assembled from old vinyl.  Talk about ingenuity.I will certainly be back the next time I'm in the area.  Record stores are in no abundant quality, and it's important to support places that offer a tinge of warmth and character to a burgeoning downtown.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,3/13/2013,49,218,4,6,3>If you're looking for a super romantic spot to take someone you love, this might be just the place. Basi Italia is this cute, hole in the wall spot and it really is tiny. But the wine list is awesome and the food is excellent. When my boyfriend and I picked it to celebrate Christmas about a month ago, we had one of the best dinners ever. To start, they brought out little bleu cheese biscotti cookies that was a really surprising treat and a little more fancy than just your typical bread and butter basket. For starters, I had the soup of the day, which was a pumpkin and maple bisque and I'm not even going to pretend like I didn't want to lick my bowl clean. It was awesome. My boyfriend had the bianco flatbread, which had such an interesting flavor with just a hint of spice. For dinner, he had the braised pork cheeks and the mac and cheese and it was so rich and delicious and just cooked perfectly. I had another special, which happened to be Osso Buco, which is something I had never had but would have again and again. We had a great dinner and it was really romantic. My only gripe, and it's not really something the restaurant could control, but the place is so small and the tables are so close together that at times, I did get a bit distracted by this loud, obnoxious girl sitting next to us. Again, nothing the restaurant can do about a loud patron, but they could maybe omit a table or two so it wouldn't be so cramped. Other than that, this place was perfect and we even got a gift card for my boyfriend's parents to try it out. I would recommend this place for Valentine's Day or an anniversary or anything other romantic special occasion for sure.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/12/2013,68,149,2,5,4>Best cup of drip coffee that I have had in quite some time.This is a nice hangout place with nice staff, local art, and a lot of cool masks hanging on the wall. Prices are pretty inexpensive and the parking (both street & lot) make it that much easier to get into and stay in this place.Great for a friendly meet-up or just a chillaxing day with a cup of good java.BTW, the ads that are posted on their bulletin board can be quite hysterical.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/11/2013,67,792,2,6,3>Knew what we were getting when we walked in, even though we'd never been there before.  I saw a plate of biscuits and gravy steaming on the counter, and Sweetie went for pancakes even before we were told they were huge and good.  They were indeed both.  Huge- I mean, plate-sized and half an inch thick.  And you get two.  And it's not just quantity, it's quality- they were fluffy, buttery, tasty...The biscuits were just right as a sausage gravy base.  The gravy was among the best I've had.  When my plate arrived I didn't think I"d be able to finish it, but I did.  Some of their house hot sauce helped.  Not very hot to this spice lover, but very flavorful.We shared some potato skins, which while good were not quite great.  There were a few issues and we got them a little late and overcooked.  But, large potatoes, with big chunks of bacon and a few other toppings.  Pretty tasty.Crowded at 1230 on a Sunday, but we expected that; things opened up a bit by the time we left.  Service was very good.  It's a pretty small place, so you'll be right next to your neighbors.  Also, one of the few places you'll find SOS on the menu (as such.)  Ask a veteran what that is, or google it.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,3/10/2013,107,100,3,5,5>I have gone to plenty of frozen yogurt places in my day (they are popping up like dandelions in Cbus), this one stands out because of its location. I work downtown so when that 3 p.m. wall hits you it is smart to go our for a walk and maybe a pick-me-up snack. Options are limited to coffee drinks down here, so I was super excited when 39 below announced this location. The toppings and flavors are about the same as most places, and so are the prices. So if you are downtown for business or for fun, I suggest a nice, somewhat healthy snack here. (And I highly recommend covering whatever yogurt you get with yogurt chips... yummmm!)
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,3/9/2013,54,186,3,3,4>I came here around 9:30 Saturday morning with my wife (duh) and there was a light snow coming down, quite the picturesque view of Harrison West, I must say.Upon arriving, we noticed that there was a parking lot, but you have to pay for it form 4pm to 9 am. Luckily, since we were brunch people, you don't have to pay, but keep in mind when you come here for other times.Also, the place is really small, there's only enough seating for about 14 people (and that's a cozy 14) and then another 4 or so at the bar, so either be prepared to take it to go or wait.  Luckily, at 9:30, we were able to snag a seat!My wife had the Hens in a basket and I had the Big ol Breakfast Burrito with Chorizo (meat is extra).  My burrito was not 'Mexican Restaurant' big, but more of a lunch wrap size big, but it was quite good, all the flavors mixed nicely and a little hot sauce made it all the better!  Hash browns were your typical potato cut fare cooked on the cook top with butter, nothing to write home about.  Wife's Hens in a basket were made with REALLY GOOD sourdough bread. it was cut just thick enough, and deceptively chewy (in a good way, not in a bad way). We really liked the golden toast crunch with the chewy center of the bread. That was 5 stars easy.  The sweet and spicy bacon were too sweet for my taste (seemed like bacon dipped in maple syrup with cayenne pepper).  The one draw back was that her food was brought out room temp, not hot, not even warm. That was kinda a downer and made me sad.  Otherwise, the food was great. Service is also great, the guy behind the counter is super nice and really seems to be vested in the business and his customers.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/8/2013,63,141,3,4,3>I'm sorry Cap City, I think the Pearl might just have unseated you for my favorite CM restaurant. I still love you, I swear. I just think maybe it is time we see other people or you get the brie grilled cheese. All the great things you expect from a Cameron Mitchell restaurant: attention to detail, excellent and friendly service, innovative foods, a solid menu, clever theme, beautiful decor... I couldn't have been more pleased with my visit, considering I wasn't the one paying. Very impressive considering the growing pains most restaurants experience their first few months.My cohort and I started with the pot o pickles, the oven baked oysters and the spoon bread. All very good, loved the pickles that are made in house- but have to say my spoon bread is a little better... I will even give you the recipe if you want. Not complaining though. For dinner, I had the brie grilled cheese, which I saved up calories for all week and which cannot be described adequately in words though I will try. On brioche, with brie, pear preserves and a little pesto. Paired wonderfully with an arugula salad. It was quite possibly the tastiest grilled cheese I have ever experienced and I will do it again. Had a glass of wine, which was expensive but a heavy pour. The bill was actually surprisingly reasonable- the grilled cheese is only $12.00. They have punch bowls to share booze if you have 4 or so people.  Must go back to try.Great idea, very laid back- city meets southern charm. Love it, love it, love it. Make reservations.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/7/2013,83,164,2,6,6>I first had their food before they were officially Tokyo GoGo. The chef is the wife of Eric the BD manager and BD has been serving her fabulous sticky rice and miso soup for quite some time (just not under the Tokyo GoGo name). Super great Japanese food and so thrilling that with the addition of a coolio food truck they can expand their menu. Had a little sample bento box today at Brothers Drake. Three types of super yummy little salads (seaweed I think), 2 mild and 1 a touch spicy. Two dumplings, one filled with rice the other tofu? Not sure but really tasty good. Authentic Japanese food at affordable prices at a cool mead bar. What's not to love?
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,3/6/2013,19,222,,4,2>Been a returning customer here for several years now.   Great place to get a good haircut.  Very reasonably priced.   What I like about the place, aside from the great cuts and the price .... very laid back and comfortable.    Spent a long time trying to find a good local place for a haircut until a friend told me about this place.   Well, not exactly local for me ... I have to drive a bit across town to get there, but has been well worth it.  I know I'll get a great cut.   Cuts are done on a first come, first serve basis.   You can request a specific barber, but may take you a little longer.   What is really kewl is that they now have a cam on their sign-in sheet that is uploaded to their web site.   That is particularly useful when you have limited time.   Parking is on the street, but have always been able to find a spot fairly close by.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,3/5/2013,138,202,9,12,11>I often recommend Franklin Park Conservatory to out of town visitors and locals alike. It's fascinating any time of year but I think the experience is the best in the dead of winter when there's snow on the ground. I get a mood bonus from hanging out in the balmy rainforest pavilion.Cocktails at the Conservatory is a great affordable Thursday night activity. They set up a bar and serve food, usually based around some theme. The conservatory is very romantic when it's dark and you're sipping cocktails in quiet corners. Take your gals to this one, fellas. If you don't like bonsai trees you should. Go here and have your mind blown by their amazing collection of specimens some of which are hundreds of years old. To think of all the people that took care of those trees for generations makes me wonder what I'm doing with my life.The Palm House is the original part of a now much larger building. It's a Victorian style greenhouse/pleasure dome thing that would be perfect for a party scene in a Batman movie. Poison Ivy would come in and start some sexy trouble, and Batman would swoop down all "DA-DA-DA-DAAA-DA!" to break it up. The butterfly release is also worth doing but it was by far the hottest and most crowded event I've been to at the conservatory. For my money evenings are the best time to visit. If you live in Columbus you have to visit immediately. If you are visiting Columbus I would urge you to make the time to visit. You could see the whole place in an hour, it's cheaper than the zoo or COSI and equally educational with less walking. How is that not a win? The best of Columbus, five stars.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/4/2013,57,8,9,12,6>So I'm a closet nerd and (digital) gamer, wanting to get back into true gaming. I found this place on Yelp as the best gaming store in the area, and I was not disappointed!!! The atmosphere was great - very laid back, friendly and more than helpful to an out of touch nerd as myself. There are open tables in the back where a multiude of people were playing all sorts of games. The also have loosely set schedules on a cork board by the door that are open to any skill level gamer (the play POKEMON!! on Sundays!). I asked one of the workers the "policy" on just showing up to these games, and he said it's way okay to come empty handed and even the workers will help get you started. I purchased a Magic set, and will MOST definitely be back in the near future. Oh! Only bad thing is I couldn't find the two fat cats that inhabit the store! Another reason to hop back over there. :)
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,3/3/2013,3,4,3,4,3>Ahh, Used Kids. They have the absolute best collection of vinyls in Columbus, hands down. When you walk up the stairs to the shop, you can just tell by the stickers, band posters, and records on the walls that you're in for a treat. Not only are the prices right, but you can also sell and trade your goods for theirs. They have an awesome assortment of CD's and some nostalgic DVD's as well. And for those looking for a serious bargain they often have boxes and boxes of free vinyl's available. (As for the freebies that are totally destroyed, they make AWESOME wall art, just sayin').The only negative thing I have to say about this place is so minor that I shouldn't even bother writing it, but Used Kids doesn't have air conditioning, or at least didn't when I was there. So in the summertime when it's hot, and with Used Kids being on the second floor, it becomes a little bit of a sauna. Again, don't let that defer you from visiting, but just a little heads up.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,3/2/2013,97,185,2,3,2>This store is full of stuff that I want to buy but really don't need. I always wish writing actual letters to people was the main way to stay in touch--because I would love to have stationary, cards, letters, stamps, etc, but in this day and age, we just don't do that anymore. So buying that sort of stuff just isn't what I should be spending my money on.For the occasional card, this is a great place to go. I bought a few vintage looking "Greetings from Columbus!" postcards that I might send out. I also got a Christmas present here. It's a cute place, definitely worth looking at. It's definitely a cool place to look at if you're planning a wedding--you can get your invites here, table name cards, etc. I'm sure they make a killing from weddings and other like events.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/1/2013,125,159,6,5,4>What else can be said about Ray Rays that my esteemed Yelp-resentatives from the Great State of Columbus haven't already said.   Ray Ray (whoever you actually are or aren't) is a Real American doing some great things in the North-of-campus area.  First visit there and expectations were extremely high.  Yesterday it was about 25 degrees outside, windy and snow-covered.   THIS IN NO WAY STOPPED OR HINDERED PEOPLE FROM GETTING THEIR BBQ ON!!!  Its Sunday, which is brisket day and Super Bowl  (yea I said it) Sunday, so Ray Ray was putting out his extremely rare chicken wings.  As we pulled up in the snow and mud, there was a line of about 20 people standing in the frigid conditions.A few people would pull up, see that there were no more wings, and leave to cry their way home and try to just exist in their lonesome, sad lives.   The rest, including me, were looking for some smoked meats and were not leaving until we got some!  Luckily, as you stand in line in the cold, you can be swathed in smoke from the propane tank-of-a-grill where the magic happens.   Also, you can read the menu a hundred times and think about the food the whole time you are line.  And best of all, someone brought me a tall boy from the Ace of Cups to drink while in line!!!!   Cold day, cold beer, hot BBQ.Finally, as you get up to the front of the line and the side of the food truck, the friendly staff starts prepping your BBQ to order as you gaze through a steamy, not so transparent window that offers you glimpses of ribs, brisket and sandwiches being cut/chopped, weighed and sauced before your very eyes. Sensory overload and exhilaration!!  It's like descending into an airport of meat through a bank of clouds.  I got 2 slabs of ribs and 2 pounds of grass-fed brisket.  SPOILER ALERT - it was/is all extremely good, leaner than you might think, smokey barbeque awesomeness.But then, I knew it would be because there were dozens of other true mountain-men and mountain-women like myself willing to stand in line in 25 degree temperatures, frigid breezes and snow to get a taste of Ray Rays.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,2/28/2013,56,250,2,3,3>Place is a bit difficult to find but basically it is to the left of Krogers complex.  I mosied in this place at 1:52pm for lunch (this is significant later) and got seated in this very clean and new looking (because it is new lol) place.  I saw on the menu that they had individual slices of pizza from 11-2 Monday through Friday so I had the waitress really quickly get my order in for a slice of pepperoni.  I had just gone to the dentist so I was hopeful the crust wasn't too hard or chewy.  After about 10 minutes of looking at the outrageous amount of beers they have my order came (see picture).  The pizza was covered with plenty of pepperonis, a dash of cheese and lots of sauce.  The crust was slightly chewy, not too thick and very fresh tasting.  It's obvious they don't mess around with any frozen dough here and that's a good thing.  I could have used a bit more cheese on the slice so if you're a cheese fan may want to order extra.  The pepperoni was incredibly tasty, I've never quite tasted pepperoni that good before.  Definitely grade-A stuff.  I was struck by a taste of parmesan and garlic so if you're not big on garlic then you may not like the traditional pepperoni slice.  The slice was also of decent size for the $3.50 I paid for it so I felt it was a good value.  If you're very hungry though you should get 2 slices.  The only real issue I had with the pizza was it was just barely warm.  I imagine it was because it was not heated up and had been under the heat lamp.  I probably could have asked for it to be heated up to be hot but to be honest I didn't feel it was much of an issue but I know some folks would definitely be angry to get a slice not very hot.  I ordered a slice of raspberry cheesecake for desert ($5) and it was very, very tasty.  It wasn't too "heavy", in regards to being too sweet, but just perfect I think.  The size was pretty decent, a good bit larger than what you'd get for more money at the Cheesecake Factory (of course it's not THAT good but just saying).  All in all my bill was $11.00 for a slice of pizza, the cheesecake and a water with lemon.  I think it was a good value.  The place wasn't busy but the waitress said it's a "night place" to be more than a lunch place really.  However, be aware that their regular menu is a bit pricy, $12 for a small pizza and about $22-24 for a large pizza.  I think it's probably worth it though as the ingredients are top notch and I'm sure there are many tasty pies to be had on this menu.  I will definitely be going back here and trying a large gourmet pie at some point.  I will say this, if you're thinking of going here to watch a Buckeye game or something, the place has 32" HDTVs everywhere but the place is relatively small and U-shaped so I don't think it's really conducive to watching an "important" game but rather maybe a place to go if you want to eat at a nice pizza place and maybe keep tabs on a game in the background.  In other words, it's NOT a sports bar type place but more a restaurant that has a few tvs on the walls.  The waitress recommended the Steak and Mushroom pizza so I may give that a try next time.  Eat up!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2012,2/27/2013,278,274,3,3,3>So far, it's ok. Much more of a standard sports bar. Typical guy bar crowd. More beer branded crap on the walls. I have a feeling it's going to get dirty pretty quickly - you know, the tired old bar feel in about a year.  We'll see.Menu is standard burger fare. Many more TV screens, could be a nice touch. Much pricier than previous incarnations ($6 for a *bottle* of cider), fewer small batch/craft selections. Next review after a month.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2013,2/26/2013,53,580,3,4,1>For a buffet- I was tempted to give this  4 stars.  I think it is better than Supreme Buffet by 70.  They have more variety and I was pleased with their hibachi chef and sushi.  The sushi chef was making them right in front of me which was nice to see that they weren't sitting out too long.  The buffet food was your normal food but I liked their seafood options.  They also have Kim Chi (not the greatest but better than none).They also have soft serve and regular ice cream.  For $6.79 at lunch, I like the option but I probably won't be back any time soon.  I also would recommend getting food from the hibachi.  They were refilling the buffet the whole time but it was on a Friday at noon and the place was busy.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,2/25/2013,86,267,1,4,4>Offerings found in Elm & Iron are rustic, big and small, and for the most part affordable.  The retailer has gone a long, long way to collect, order, find pieces of Americana that are attractive and genuinely genuine,.... if not all genuine antiques.I came away thinking "Mirrors".  E&I has done a great job of using large floor and wall mirrors as both decorative decor but also to sell.  And there are some real beauties.  You don't see them right away because of the items on sale which surround them but they're present.  A few are really eye-catching and I must say that I'm going back to look at them again (didn't price any) because I want/need one or two for my abode.Some throwback items boggle the mind, like the Toledo Scale that is very nice. Several old school items such as 7-cent stamp dispensers, old grade school lockers, a ticket maker and such are cool but don't fit my lifestyle at home.  Loved 'em though.  Sold, too, are some icon embroidered pillows that capture US states.  Very finely crafted and... well, I may go back and purchase Ohio and Michigan!E&I is well worth a pop-in if you've decided Clintonville store shopping is part of your docket.  You may not walk out with anything except an appreciation for the old, the rustic and the "I like it" feeling.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,2/24/2013,42,175,2,4,3>I heard what other people were saying about Starliner Diner and I still thought it just wasn't going to be for me.  But guys, I was so wrong!  Starliner Diner is for all mankind!First off, this place is adorable.  It's little, but not stifling small.  Also, they have CALL AHEAD SEATING, which is amazing.  I was nervous because I had heard it got crowded on weekends, so we called ahead.  And they asked us what time we thought we would be there! It was almost like an on-the-spot reservation, which I thought was awesome customer service.  Speaking of customer service, I've been here a couple times now and have had awesome service both times, despite the busy-ness.Let's talk about the food too, because you need to get the plantains appetizer.  I had no idea that I loved plantains until I had them at Starliner and I still think they do them better than most places (now that I get them more often). Their brunch is awesome and I kiiiind of think you can't go wrong no matter what you order.  Also, if you get the banana pancakes, they will add chocolate chips if you ask them too and it will be delish.  They will also be as big as your head, so don't order 3 and the plantain appetizer unless you are THAT hungry.  Your friend Christiana is looking out for you here!  Learn from my delicious mistakes!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,2/23/2013,63,87,3,13,7>Northstar is a perennial favorite of mine and I've often commented on and written a review or two on that fact.  My reviews and comments to my memory have always been about the quality of their food.  The heaps of deserving praise they are also getting from my fellow netizens is well deserved and of a similar grain.  However after my last few visits I need to single them out for more praise from a different angle.After my last visit it is apparent to me that this is an exceptionally well managed business.  All of their locations are done well, but they really have it down at Easton.  Some points on this:1. Every single employee I've ever encountered at every location has been friendly, warm and outgoing.  Not once has their courtesy ever seemed forced or fake.  Nor have I ever thought they are as they are because they feel lucky to have any job at all.  They act as if they've chosen to work here.  It's all enough to make me think these people actually enjoy laboring in the service industry.2.  I've on several occasions had both employees and managers apologize and try to make amends for what appeared to be a violation of their own very high standards.  Honestly, whatever these standards are, I think they are beyond what I'd expect.  I've had servers announce that they've taken an item off my bill upon delivery to the table because they thought it took too long.  I hadn't even wondered to myself when it would arrive.  Today I tried ordering a couple of items that had been sold out from the Sunday rush.  My third try was successful, and free.  I never even had a chance to be frustrated.3.  The staff is exceedingly observant and proactive.  Today I saw a manager carrying a full load of food up the stairs, deftly navigating the crowd.  While doing this she looked behind her and saw my party sitting down at a table that had a single water glass left on it from the previous occupants.  Without missing a beat she directed a server to clean off the table for us.  The server in turn appeared downright happy to receive the instruction.  She promptly came over as we were sitting and cleared the glass and wiped down the already spotless table in characteristic and congruent good cheer.  Again, I never even had a chance to hope someone would clear it.  It wouldn't have bothered me, and in the rush, I'd never have thought the less of them for what would have been a tiny oversight.4.  They have some pretty cool tech in there to assist them in the efficient operation.  The person who eventually (and without delay) brought our meal hadn't spoken to me, or to my knowledge seen us before that point.  However, he came straight for us, bounding up the stairs and around the corner.  I asked him "okay how the hell did you do that."  It turns out the puck they gave me after I ordered can sense a unique identifier in each table and reports back to the line where we were seated.  This is a new system for them, if you're a long time customer.  There was no need for us customers to tinker with or hold up anything.  I'd just plopped it on the table and presumed that it would eventually light up, vibrate and scare the crap out of me when it did.  Nope.  Very cool.5th and finally, I've said rather often that I thought the place expensive, but I no longer hold that view.  With the product...and the service provided, it's a bargain.  As we were preparing to leave I had a few moments to observe the line in the kitchen.  I was highly impressed with the professionalism and economy of movement I saw.  Notably, at the end of the line the expediter was inspecting plating, making final confirmations and cleaning any blemishes from the dishes flying by.  I'd thought to myself that this was far beyond what I could reasonably expect from a $12 plate in a cafe within a suburban shopping mall.All of this has been in the back of my mind, but came to the forefront after this last visit.  After all, when I arrived the line was literally out the door.  However, I knew that waiting would not present an issue even with my ravenous 7 year old in tow.  I wasn't disappointed.  The line proceeded at a good clip and we were greeted warmly while waiting, I was able to secure an agreeable hot caffeine suspension during that time.  The cashier was friendly, knowledgeable and patient as expected.  After all this I never felt rushed to hurry up and be on our way after we finished eating and I lingered over more coffee.  I decided it was time to go myself when I saw one party waiting to sit.Oh...yeah and the food was great too.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,2/22/2013,117,189,6,9,7>I don't like Chipotle and do not care for Piada. Okay...okay, shoot me now. But hey - I like short lines and flavorful food. Not lines out the doors and over-portioned globs.Anyway, I am surprised it took me so long to try this place! It is a "make-it-your-own" style place, and tried my best to make it work.Chicken saute was delcious - but the bowls were massive for the small amount. How about we downsize? A bowl that big isn't necessary when you don't fill it up.My suggestions:Label the toppings. I didn't know what was what - judge me for that but whatever.Label your sauces! - they weren't mentioned on the board or on the glass. So i just overheard the guy in front of me say "hot sauce" and I was thinking - hey! I like hot sauce...I'll have some of that. So how about you show the customers just what sauces you DO have?Overrall this is a solid a place for lunch on campus. And I wish more people would frequent! It's delicious!! Some reviewers say it isn't reallllyyyyyy Turkish, but is Chipotle realllyyyy Mexican? Right.$5 deals on the weekends! :) Hangover SCORE!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,2/21/2013,498,511,2,2,3>Cute little wine bar in Grandview. We had dinner at Figlio and wandered into this connected wine bar for a quick follow up glass of wine. It is small and intimate. Good wine selection and specials. I had the wine recommendation for the night, it was very good - and I am a bit of a wino - so that is saying something.Looking for a good place to meet your girlfriends for a chat - or for an intimate date with someone special? This is perfect.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/20/2013,28,247,,4,4>Wow I'm positive I just ate the best burrito of my life. What sold me on the Jerk Chicken Burrito was the coconut rice. It sounded so appetizing. This burrito brings the heat to my heat tolerance threshold - anything hotter and it would have been unenjoyable for me.  It's also loaded with fresh greens (enough for a small salad), pulled jerk chicken, black beans, chorizo sausage, salsa, and cilantro-lime sour cream. The flavors were awesome together. The size rivals that of Chipotle burritos and comes in at the same price point - $6.75, however, at Passport they seal the burrito for you. Virtually mess-free nom nom nomming. Also the burrito wrap is GREEN.This place is easy to overlook - I've driven by it hundreds of times and never gave it any thought until perusing Yelp (I might have thought it was a place to uhhhh get your passport picture taken). There's good signage from Dublin Rd/Riverside/33/whatever the hell it's called. Very small inside - can maybe seat 12-15 people, outside there's seating for 12. I called and got my order to go - it was ready when I walked in the door.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,2/19/2013,42,96,2,13,5>Despite the name, Jiu Thai Asian Cafe is a Chinese restaurant, not a Thai restaurant.  The 'Thai' in the name is a transliteration of their Chinese name.  Jiu Thai is unusual for Columbus in that they're serving food from Northeastern China, the part of China that used to be known as Manchuria.  So you'll find ingredients and components you might not expect in Chinese cuisine, such as lamb and cucumber, and subtle flavor profiles focused around simple yet flavorful dressings and broth.We started with the 'Delicious Pork Cake', which was indeed delicious.  It's a thin wheat bun sliced open and stuffed with chunks of pork and lettuce; a classic Northern Chinese dish you won't find anywhere else in Columbus.This was followed by the lamb with onion steamed dumplings; while there's other good dumplings to be had in Columbus (Helen's Asian Kitchen and Ying's come to mind), you won't find lamb dumplings elsewhere.The Xian steamed cold noodle was one of the best preparations of this dish that I've ever had - thin, almost translucent handmade wheat noodles, with slivers of cucumber, bean sprout, and cilantro, dressed with vinegar and sesame oil.  This dish alone would be worth the trip to Jiu Thai.We also had the lamb noodle soup with red oil (it's not currently on the English menu but should be so shortly, according to the hostess) - a dish of thin wheat noodles in a subtle but complex lamb-based broth, with bits of minced lamb.As if this wasn't enough food, we also had the cucumber salad - chunks of cucumber dressed in vinegar and sesame oil - and a stir-fry of Chinese cabbage and oyster mushrooms (not on the menu, but you can ask for it - see my photos).All of Jiu Thai's food was true to their Northeastern Chinese roots, and every dish we had was pitch perfect, and nicely presented for good measure.  If our first trip to Jiu Thai is any indication, they are without a doubt one of the best Chinese restaurants to open up in Columbus in the last few years.  We'll definitely be back.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,2/18/2013,34,40,3,7,5>I frequently visit this place, this grocery store is very close to where I live and the only one close to my place to get Indian groceries. To me looks like the owner is trying to make this place better but ofcourse business has to compete with the big players in the business (I specifically mean Patel Brothers).As far as variety goes this place has popular brands available for wheat flour, rice and other frequently bought groceries. It has happened a couple of times that I dint find what I was looking for but other than that I always find what I need.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/17/2013,60,54,,4,2>I have to start with the fact that having a terrific happy hour this close to work is beyond awesome. Half-price cocktails and apps... yes, please.Hard to tell you where to start-- oh, wait... cocktails. While there are many that are featured at the half-price price point, the Milan Manhattan (Woodford Reserve, DiSaronno and Vanilla Simple Syrup) and the Whiskey Rosso (Jameson, Passionfruit Purée, agave nectar and Chianti Classico) are the highlights.Food-wise... the meatball is an obvious (and delicious) choice. However the pizzas are terrific as well, especially the Pesto Shrimp Pizza, with the Arancini (four-cheese risotto fritters) is a very close third.Try to get here early. Seating can be a wait if you don't stalk the bar.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,2/16/2013,146,161,,4,2>So many wonderful things about Dinin' Hall. First, I'm so happy that Tim and Eliza (the creators of Dinin' Hall) have brought the first food truck pod to Cbus. Using a rotation of wonderful food trucks and an old, remodeled loading dock in Franklinton to house a cafeteria that helps feed the masses is 5 stars in my opinion. I've eaten there about a handful of times, enjoying food from a different truck everytime. I can't evaluate every truck I've had, but the variety is what is key. I go to try a new truck, because I generally don't have the time or the patience to locate where a truck may be at a specific moment. Dinin' Hall posts which truck they'll feature everyday via fb. I've had Street Thyme, Ajumama, Swoops, and Foodfetti. Still so many more trucks to try.FYI, when you place your order, you don't pay at the truck. You pay inside where all the transactions are dealt with. I think this is smart as it allows the trucks to take more orders and focus on making the food instead of running a cash register.Dinin' Hall is starting to expand to the weekend as they know weekday lunch hours just isn't enough.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,2/15/2013,93,276,2,3,2>My only experiences with Grandview Theatre have been the Doctor Who showings. These events are tons of fun. It's free to come to these events and they are great. For as small as it is in the lobby and on the outside, that one theater is pretty darn huge. It older and more in the "classic" style, but that's perfectly okay to me. The concession stand has a good variety of stuff at regular movie theatre prices - maybe even a pinch cheaper, actually. Not to mention, they serve alcohol as well - and much it is locally produced!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,2/14/2013,27,185,5,4,5>I've been here twice now with my book club, and have been pretty impressed overall with the food and whatnot.  The place itself doesn't seem that large, but is actually well equipped for larger groups.  There are a series of booths and a few larger tables that can seat 6+ people at a time, perfect for a gaggle of gossipy girls like us or a meeting of local business men.  The booths can be a bit tight, but the high backs make it feel a lot more intimate and private which can be nice.  There are smaller tables and a sushi bar for smaller groups or individuals.   As to the food, it's good.  The first visit I gave the seafood udon a try.  Soothing and filling, it comes with plenty of fish, including squid tentacle and scallop.  I'm not sure putting them in a soup is my favorite way to eat these ingredients (I prefer the texture of lightly fried squid and steamed scallops) but the items themselves were nice and meaty, and the broth had a nice flavor...something that can be sadly lacking in many Japanese\Korean restaurants' take on udon.  The other time, I gave the fried gyoza a go.  Though not exceptional, it was good and filling.  Paired with a sushi roll (and bits of my friends' sushi rolls...), it made a nice meal.  The tempura vegetables and shumae are also good, though I'm not sure I like that the latter are served -in- a broth, leaving them a bit... soggy...  They have a nice flavor for that, though.The namesake sushi is pretty good - better than a lot of what you find in Ohio.  Interestingly, though, a lot of the rolls don't really incorporate that much raw fish.  Many involve tempura, baked fish/eel, or vegetables.  For this reason, the sushi here is pretty accessible to the crowd who is still a bit wary of raw fish, or at least of raw fish in central Ohio.  There is a range of sashimi and nigirizushi, though, for those who enjoy these flavors and textures.I personally don't mind the lack of raw fish in the rolls.  I do like sashimi, but my favorite Japanese food is unagi (BBQ eel)...  so putting it with delicious fried sweet potato as in the Black Forest Roll is perfect for me.  This particular roll also comes with black tobiko (flying fish eggs) which gives it a sweet tanginess and ....I guess you'd call it a crunch...that is very nice.  I have also tried the pine-tato roll which is sweet and light, though I do think I preferred the Black Forest with its heartier, heavier feel and texture.  The spicy rolls, baked salmon, and Mr. Sushi rolls are also pretty good though I wouldn't order them for myself given a personal dislike of certain ingredients (spicy sauce and bonito flakes, namely).   For the area, the prices on the rolls are reasonable and on par with other sushi shops I've been to.   At the end of the meal, you are served a dish of melon and flavored geletin (dofu I think).  I'm not a melon fan, but this is pretty good fruit and a nice palate cleanser.  Meals also come with a ginger-dressing salad which is fresh and flavorful.Service is fine.  Polite, fairly efficient given the size of our group, and accurate where the check was concerned.  With a group in which everyone pays separately, that's always a bonus.  Parking...well, you do have to find a parking space in downtown Dublin.  Now, I never had any trouble in that regard, but I have been told that it can be quite a hassle at the more normal dinner hour.  If it's a nice night, though, the area is pleasant enough to walk if you can only find a parking space further out.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,2/13/2013,92,300,3,10,6>What a great place. Very good selection of records and a very cool old building. You'll find new vinyl, rare vinyl and everything in between, including a daunting 45 collection just begging you to spend a day with it, leafing through hidden treasures. They also have live music from time to time with the bands playing on just the other side of the brick archway at the end of the shop. If this were in my neighborhood, I would love to hang out here all the time, but it's also worth it to drive across town for.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/12/2013,84,263,2,7,6>Unreal.I've been reading rave reviews on Yelp for awhile and bf lives mere blocks away, so I decided last night that we were going to try this hole-in-the-wall-in-a-convenience-store pizza place. We called ahead, and ended up showing a bit early for our pizzas. In fact, they hadn't even started cooking yet. Turns out they can only make one pizza at a time in the oven. The guy behind the counter was friendly, asked which pizza was our favorite and I told him it was our first time visiting. "Ohhh Bono Virgins, right on, man!" Dude was cool. Um, can we hang out?He asks if we want to peek over the counter to watch him cook our pizzas. Well, of course we do. He explains the process of cooking them in the oven, how he has to let it sit for the first 45 seconds to cook the bottom, rotate it, etc. I was amazed at how quickly they cooked. I guess 1800º will do that. He told us the history of the space, how they found it and a little about how they operate. 15 minutes later we were out the door with our pizzas. We get home, I dive in. SO SO SO good. the fresh mozzarella on the top was a nice change from typical pizza places. We tried the Pepperoni Sausage (San Rolando, #2), the Veggie (Verdura, #4) and the Mushroom (Funghi, #12). All were delicious in their own right. For as much as I love veggies, I think the Pep/Sausage was my fave. Layers of perfectly crisped pepperoni and tiny crumbly bits of sausage that had big flavor. Sold. Pizzas are $10 each or three for $25 - an incredible deal for the quality and toppings you're getting. There's a counter with about 4 seats and a couple of small tables, but this isn't really a dine-in place. They don't have drinks, but you can grab some from the convenience store if you want. Bono may have just become my go-to favorite pizza for lazy nights at home. Or, any night really.*Worth noting, he asked how I had heard of them and I said Yelp. He told me the Yelp community has been awesome for their business and he's really grateful for all of the reviews and photos. See, Yelp really DOES help small biz! Keep it up, Yelpers!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/11/2013,72,39,3,4,5>When I feel like trying something new, I like to let Yelp be my guide. Occasionally, these good intentions lead to tragedy, but more often I stumble upon the hidden gems and secret treasures of our city. My satisfying Sunday lunch at Clintonville's own India-Oak Grill was the happy result of following my fellow yelpers' advice, and the perfect antidote to the previous day's breakfast fail.The phrase that best describes this place is "family-friendly bar" (credit to Aaron A). It's a cozy size but very comfortable, dim but not too dark to read the menu, and the wait staff is as warm and welcoming as the atmosphere. There was a small smoking section on the outdoor patio when we visited on a rainy December day, folks averaging about fifty with friendly faces and a focus on the football game. Plenty of sports-oriented flat-screens line the bar indoors as well, and the walls were hung with a rainbow of holiday lights that somehow seemed to compliment the neon beer signs instead of clashing with them. That sense of synchronicity is pervasive in this pub: small children, seniors, shots, and Santa Claus all coexisted together in simple, cheerful peace. But all that was a bonus, what we really wanted was good food. The menu is short but sweet, and the subs get the starring role, but we sampled the sides as well. The serving bowls are styrofoam, so you might skip this step if you're very eco-conscious, but the coleslaw is classically creamy and the pasta salad features bow-ties and slices of peppery salami. Both were good if not great, the spicy meat in particular made a great addition to a standard Italian salad. Still, the scene was easily stolen by two seriously substantial, saliva-inducing submarine sandwiches. He went with the Italian after reading the reviews, and I settled on the club, but in the end we split them because sharing is fun. His was the winner: piles of flavor-packed Italian meats, oozing melted provolone cheese, chopped lettuce spilling out everywhere, and the perfect blend of hot and cold from spicy peppers and fresh tomato slices. My club sandwich was colossal, stuffed with sliced turkey, bacon, and veggies between two very nicely toasted sesame-seed buns. That crispy, crunchy submarine bread is more than just a little of the magic that makes these sandwiches into meals to remember - it held up to a thick layer of mayo and moist deli meats for hours in my icebox, and only tasted better. I'd definitely return for take-out, my club was even better as a cold snack straight from the fridge.It's a local watering hole, and the villagers are a welcoming tribe. The bartenders will tease you and the waitress might offer you a piece of her grandmother's birthday cake. If you're the slightest bit social you will love this place, but if you're shy, you'll still love the food.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,2/10/2013,65,187,3,6,6>Stopped by Watershed for the release of their new bourbon barrel gin and, though it was raging hot, had a good time.  This little distillery does a great job grassrooting their product:  local restaurants of repute stock their product mainly through the hard work of the owners.  On the tour I was informed that they often race around town between distilling stops to peddle the bottles, hurrying from place to place before the tank overflows or whatever....  You can tell they care.  The tour is great - it's cheap, you learn a lot, you get to play Swedish drinking games, and you feel better about yourself for supporting what I think is one of the best gins in the land.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,2/9/2013,33,244,3,7,4>Pasquale's makes the best lasagna I've ever had (sorry Mom.)  The plate of lasagna is huge and wonderful; there's easily enough for two people.  Even my giant hulk of a food devouring brother couldn't finish his.  The pasta is wonderful too, and the sauce is really good as well.  Plus they'll add a dinner salad for 2 bucks.  The garlic knots are fantastic too; oh, and get a Frisco for dessert when you're done.  Don't bother with Marcella's Easton when Pasquale's is so close.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,2/8/2013,62,163,3,5,7>I had been to Studio 35 a few times prior to the remodel and I thought it was a pretty cool place to see a movie (or Kevin Smith) and grab a beer.  A little grungy and rundown, but lots of character.  The pizza from Clintonville Pizza a couple of doors down is great--classic midohio thin crust pizza.  Though I think the whole experience of beer-pizza-movie makes each part of the combo better.   I'm not a huge beer drinker, but if I am having one, I'd like it to be interesting or at least not one of the usual suspects you can get anywhere.  Thankfully, Studio 35 always has some interesting brews on tap.  My wife loved this place in concept, too since we can do an entire date night with dinner and a movie in the time it takes to just see the movie.  The one problem we always had with Studio 35 is the grungy and rundown part.  When I was younger, I wouldn't have minded much, but now that I'm a (*sigh*) middle-aged dad used to disinfecting everything my family touches, I was a little leery of bringing my wife here on a night out (she was always a good sport, but I knew she'd rather be at Easton).  But since the remodelling, nay the REBIRTH of Studio 35, this place is now our goto joint to see a movie.  They've kept the character, banished the grunge and improved a Columbus institution.  Barring a movie in 3D, Studio 35 will always be our first option for a movie--especially combined with a beer and pizza.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,2/7/2013,6,77,3,5,3>I give Bella's 5 stars and I don't do that lightly so this is why.  1.  Best prices on the west side or so it seems to me so far and I will elaborate in a minute on why 2.  Great coupons and specials, which from what I have learned Mom n Pops places just aren't offering and should be.  3.  generous portions and even distribution of toppings  4.  service was average, but speed of service was great at about 20mins for pizza and fried mushrooms.  and for the 5th star.....crust was between a thin crust and a hand tossed and had just the right amount of crunch to it, sauce was a nice sweet style sauce, and the mushrooms were so good!!!  Now to elaborate....My Honey and I just moved here from Mansfield and we were wanting to try out a local place so we looked on Yelp (I am getting addicted Help!) and we did some calling Around lots of folks said Josies was the best, but for the second time calling them they have no specials they are not very friendly on the phone and the price for a large 1 topping is 13.99 so they are the 2nd lowest priced pizza next to Bellas, but Bella's large 1 topping is only 11.95 and they are smart enough to run coupons and specials.  We called a few other places with some being as much as 17.50 for a large 1 topping so we were about to give up our Mom n Pops search and just go for Papa John's 11 buck deal on pepperoni meatball pizza and it was then that I saw the coupons on my fridge I got back on Yelp and pulled up Bella's to see they only had one review, but a very good one and the coupons were amazing so we used the buy a large 1 item at regular price get your choice of a free Italian sub, cheese sticks, or breaded mushrooms!!!! Killer deal and I'm not the picky one when it comes to pizza usually it's my Honey he is weird about the crust it is usually too thick or too this or that and the sauce the pizza isn't saucy enough and it taste funny, so when he says he loves it I believe you have a winner.       I know they are in a strange location and for some even hard to find, but I am telling you they put coupons in the red plum circular and the next time you see those gems I highly reccomend you try Bella's Pizza out!  I know we will be for sure!!!!!!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,2/6/2013,1214,553,8,12,6>Looking for a place that attacks coffee-making in the same way that expert bartenders are hand-crafting cocktails? Look no further than Mission Coffee Co. They are brewing some of the best coffee in the Cbus.The store is a little hard to find since it's tucked away off High Street, but it's totally worth the hunt. The interior space is so beautiful - with loads of concrete, wood, and metal. But I have to be honest, I was a bit intimidated when I walked in and confused about how to order. I felt a little like I had come to the cool kids' party, and I wasn't invited. Everyone seemed to be hipster-ishly lounging around, secretly laughing because they knew the secret code to ordering.Nobody really welcomed me or offered to help, so I aimlessly wandered around the store trying to find a menu - without looking like a complete idiot. I finally found a teensy-tiny sign on the counter with all the caffeinated goods, and I worked up the nerve to just ask somebody for help.Once the barista (I think?) came over, he was incredibly nice, and he thoroughly answered all my questions. I really shouldn't have been so scared. After I finally ordered, the barista quickly went aside and started working his coffee magic. He took so much care crafting my drink, and it tasted amazing! Seriously, this is some of the best coffee around.In case you're like me and get a little social anxiety, here's how to order:1. Walk in.2. Look to your left for the big signs explaining the different beans.3. A little further down on the left are some signs explaining the different brew methods.4. At the counter is a tiny menu sign with the different drinks and prices.5. Place your order.6. Sign the iPad and don't forget to include the tip!7. Go enjoy your drink, and show those hipsters that you can do it too!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,2/5/2013,31,164,,3,7>The restaurant has a pretty, elegant dining room that I got to see for all of maybe a minute before the server said, "Just you?" and suggested a seat in the alcove by the restroom.Not as bad as it sounds, actually.There is a little space off of the main dining area that accommodates one small table and a tiny counter by a window. She brought a table setting and menu for me at the window, and I actually enjoyed a much more private and quiet meal than I would have gotten in the big area. You lose some of the ambience back there, but I was well taken care of and spent a longer and more relaxed time than I expected to spend. I was there for nearly two hours in my corner with a book and my tea and, far from chasing me off, they didn't even offer the check until I asked for it. I really don't know if the main room diners get the same treatment, but there was no demand for my little counter.I ordered a small pot of cinnamon spice green tea and a lemony tuna sandwich. The teapot came with an actual tea cozy over it. All the tea in all the restaurants and tea salons I've been to, I've never actually received it with a physical tea cozy. I wasn't even sure what a tea cozy was, but when you see it, it's unmistakable. It's cozy. And it's on your tea. It kept my tea piping hot as I ate.The sandwich was amazing. That bread is supreme. The lemon hummus was perfect. The carrot salad with raisins was great.The tea got a little strong by the end and I felt a bit more of a buzz than I like. But it was hot. Cozy did its job.I asked about whether the bread was ok for vegans, out of curiosity -- it was very fluffy, as if it had eggs. But no, no eggs. Report came back: water, flour, yeast, salt. The fabulosity of the bread is in how it's made, not what it's made of, I guess. This means there's at least one vegan dish on the menu in the veggie hummus sandwich, and there are a couple of salads that could probably be ordered without their cheese. Many options for veggies who eat cheese and eggs.That bread and that hummus. So not needing anything else for survival. You can get a loaf of the bread for $5 to take home. I could totally see myself going there just for that one day.I'm a fan, but it's not within "go all the time" budget for me. It's not overpriced, or at least... not once you taste that bread, that bread, that bread.... but it's more in the "occasional" price range for me.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/4/2013,142,94,2,5,3>I really enjoy Little Palace and it's a great go-to location on a Friday or Saturday night when we haven't planned ahead. The food is always good... I really like the Palace burgers but their gyros are also pretty tasty. While you are here, do yourself a favor and get the poutine. Now, it's not going to be as good as you can get in Ontario Cottage Country, but you're not going to find many places that serve poutine in Central Ohio. For those not in the know, poutine is an amazing dish composed of fries, brown gravy, and cheese curds. Little Palace does a pretty good job but I prefer my curds melty. On our last visit, we asked the waitress to have the kitchen put it under a broiler before sending it out... they were hesitant but did it anyway. After, our waitress said it looked better that way!After the burger, gyros, and poutine... drinks are also a hit... they make a mean manhattan, with rye or with bourbon. I imagine the other drinks are pretty good.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,2/3/2013,138,148,2,6,5>Sailed down to the Dinin' Hall on this Talk Like A Pirate Day to finally give the OH! Burger truck a try. You couldn't miss the large pirate banner that fluttered in the breeze on this bootiful day in Cbus. Placed our orders for Sliders, Sweet tater chips and Pirate Rum(less) Punch, took our number and headed inside the D-Hall to pay.The order was delivered in good time by the friendly wait staff.The mini burgers, excellent, perfectly cooked, tasty toppings that didn't take away from the star of any burger, the Ohio Beef. House made sweet tater chips in brown paper sacks were a perfect side and just the right size but, I easily could have munched on these all day long. And the pirate punch? OK it was a couple of cans of fruit punch but i'll give 'em points for having fun with the days theme.Overall for my first try of the OH! Burger today gets 5 Yarrs Mateys! From the great food and location this day I will be looking forward to catching this truck again around the area and you should too!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,2/2/2013,129,540,2,10,4>Quick!  Go here before it explodes with popularity and you have to wait months to get in for a tour!I'd been wanting to check out this place ever since I heard about it last year, and finally on a lazy Sunday afternoon, I stuffed Dan in the car and we took a drive out to Lancaster.  It's about a half hour drive, nice enough on a sunny day; that is, if you can manage to navigate out of Columbus's ridiculously always under construction freeways.  Once you turn onto Lithopolis from Lamb, the farm comes up really quickly on your right, so be watching for it, especially if there are cars behind you.There is a little gravel road leading to a small parking lot between the brewery and the tasting room -- which is really a big beautiful house broken up into a bar area, seating areas, and a gorgeous patio.  We were greeted by a big furry white dog and a woman named Judy, who is the mother of Matt, the brewmaster, who wasn't in today.  She invited us in, showed us around the house, which really feels like someone's home, and got us settled on the patio with the beer flight, a carafe of water, and some bread.  It was a little warm, but there were patio umbrellas, comfy chairs, and a lovely view of the farm.  We leisurely sat and sipped, discovering that the flavors of the cask aged tripel are best when slightly warm.After we finished, Judy walked us over to the brewery to get a "tour" from Dennis, her husband.  This consisted of us standing in the main room of the brewery while he showed us the different pots and pipes used to brew, took us into the adjacent aging room, talked about the ingredients, let us sniff the hops and taste the malt grains.  He called the brewery a "nanobrewery" since they only presently produce two barrels a day but will be jumping up to twenty in a few months because of the demand and publicity that they've been getting.  He walked us out to the yard and pointed us towards the chapel, the old bridge and waterfall, the "hops garden" and the cave, all on the farm's property, so we took a stroll around.  Dan dubbed it a "miniature state park" what with the hiking, rock formations, and lovely scenery.  This is a great place to spend an afternoon.  Since they do not have a food menu yet, they encourage you to bring a picnic or your own food.  There are picnic tables, plenty of tables and seating areas in the house.  We spent over two hours enjoying the beer, learning about the operation of the brewery, talking with Judy and Dennis, exploring the property and generally just enjoying being outdoors and away from the city.  Fabulous people, place, and product!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,2/1/2013,29,258,,5,4>My husband stumbled on this place when we were on our way to walk around the river one night. They have a huge sleection of cigars, and they even have his two fav's including jamacian. $10 for a nice sized cigar isnt too bad. $2 for a skinny jamaican; lasted an hour. Shisha is good too, nice selection. The hookah lounge attached to this place tried to push american shisha..which is weird. I know the best stuff is Arab and thats what I buy. The best brand out there is Al Fakher. They come in a box. Inside the box is a container with a resealable bag that hold the shisha. Shisha, if made right, only contains molasses, fruit, and honey. ..no additives! 250 grams for $10, which will last us forever!!! At least 50 rounds, whereas going to a hookah lounge you could be spending $10/person per round. SUch a racket! We grabbed a container of berry and mango, 2 cigars, and some eco charcoals (important since you dont want to be inhalling any tar). We also grabbed a new bowl that was a huge steal (online it was $13, here it was $7) and it coems with a metal topper to put the charcoal on so you dont burn the shisha; burn=tar=oww. We'll be going back soon for some new hoses and probably more shisha since this place is the cheapest Ive EVER seen! Plus they have a lot attached which helps a lot.I dont like the lounge, at all. Its dingy looking and the managment is very money crazed. We had to buy a $5 smoothie just so they would charge us $1.50 for a new plug for our bowl; like we dont know it's a used one..please!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,1/31/2013,42,196,3,9,5>A growler filling station 10 minutes from my house? How could I refuse?!I walk in and immediately notice the scent of all things beer. It is what I would imagine a German Oktoberfest would smell like. It is a spartan little place with a long bar and several tables. There are LCD screens displaying all of the beers on tap. Fantastic idea which sure beats an old fashioned chalk board. All of the taps are numbered, so you don't have to say you want the Hoppin Frog Goose Juice. Just tell them the number and they will fill 'er up.The selection, well, 60 taps is about all you need to say. Phenomenal mix of strong and session beers as well as root beer for the kiddos or DDs.The Daily Growler will only fill their own growlers, and for good reason. After you purchase a growler you can bring it back and exchange for a clean, sanitized and chilled replacement. Wonderful idea. Those growlers can be difficult to clean, but apparently they have a state of the art growler cleaner.I've been there twice now and had to wait several minutes for each fill. That is ok though, because they just opened a week ago. There will be growing pains. When I got home, the beer was fresh and delicious. A nice touch is that they post a daily growler deal on Facebook and Twitter. I hope they get their website up and running soon and somehow post a feed to their tap list.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,1/30/2013,78,138,,7,4>Not-so-oddly enough, it tastes fresh.  That is definitely a good thing.  You move on down the line, chipotle-style, but the range of ingredients is a little wider.  I like to go for it all when it comes to that area of the meal-building.  Your food comes on steamed rice, fried rice, or noodles.  They have steak, two types of chicken, and tofu (I think), and an assortment of vegetables to top them with.  You can also have salad in your bowl.  There's a range of sauces, the Yum-Yum sauce is creamy and likely mayo based, but a little spicy and delicious.  They sell chocolate covered almond cookies at the checkout which are worth a try.  I like 'em.If I had one complaint, and I believe it's been mentioned before, it's that the proteins could be served a little warmer.  Everything is kind of room temperature.  This good food could only be improved by some appropriate serving temps.  Overall, an excellent choice if you're in the area.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,1/29/2013,65,54,4,12,4>If you want to surprise your dinner pals, take them here. They will think they are walking into a small dive in a strip mall near Great Harvest Bread Co. and a thrift store, and instead you'll feel like you walked into Pirates of the Caribbean. There are no windows in this restaurant, and the walls are panelled in very dark wood. Old fashioned ship decor like a wooden steering wheel and fishing nets are accented with twinkly lights. I got such a kick out of it because it was just not what I expected.As far as the menu, it's traditional surf and turf but I considered the quality/value mix to be better than about anything else in this part of town. Hubby got a tuna steak for $14 including two big sides, dinner salad and rolls. I got fried white fish and it was lovely with steamed veggies.The waitress gave the hubby a hard time, more akin to a 50's diner style interaction (you know, red lipstick, faux hair, attitude), which I enjoyed. She mentioned she'd waited there for 15 years!A warning about the general crowd, especially the earlier in the day you go -- let's just say our 20-something selves were the youngest patrons by a good 30-40 years. It's also a family friendly destination -- good for taking grandma and the little ones.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/28/2013,363,423,4,9,5>Hello Pho Saigon!  Richard "Lao Wang" P. sent me.  Well, he didn't really send me but he did intrigue me enough for me to drive from the SW side of Cbus to the N side to check your place out.  Richard has a profile photo of himself eating some soup.  I looked at the photo.  What is that soup?  I wondered.  It was so full of good looking things and it was a very intriguing reddish color.  My mouth started watering just thinking about this soup he was eating.  I wanted to reach over his shoulder and dip a spoon into it too.  Hmmm.  So I messaged him and asked what he was eating.  Bun Bo Hue from Pho Saigon was the reply he gave me.  OK?  Never heard of that before.  Looked it up on Wiki....ah, it's something like Pho!Game On!So today was my day off.  It's cold outside and I've got a full tank of gas.  I headed up north to seek out this Bun Bo Hue.Pho Saigon is a really hidden, but out in public view, place....go there and you'll see what everyone means by it's hard to find.  Once inside, ( be careful to mind the door chimes as you enter ), you will find a very long, narrow space.  On one side is the Asian Grocery with connecting doors.  The place is kinda rough looking.  Carpet was stained.  Not a lot to look at.  Not fancy at all.  If you are an atmosphere person, stay away.  It's one of those Asian places that focus on the food and has a little decor but they know that's not why you are there.  They know you're hungry and you don't need to look at another picture of the Forbidden City with back lighting. So.I got greeted by a middle aged Asian man who came over from the grocery to seat me and take my order.  Very nice and polite he was.The menu he gave me was very small - maybe 20 items total.  But it was well thought out in that it had pictures for us newbies.  Several items looked interesting but I was on a mission.I got my Bun Bo Hue in about 12 to 15 minutes.  A huge bowl of soup with Udon type noodles, beef, pork, cilantro, lemongrass, bean sprouts, some sort of weed, and I'm not misspelling weird or talking 420 folks, I mean like an on your lawn weed looking plant, jalapenos, a pile of some green plant something or other which is all intertwined together which I guess was some sort of sprout and some congealed pig blood for color or something.  I dunno.  Add a little chili paste and I'm chowing down on some of the best soup ever.I got full about half way through but I ended up eating most of it as the further down I went, the stronger and better the flavors got.  God help me, I couldn't stop myself.  A hot cup of tea ( which the man graciously did not charge me for - real nice touch ) and some wonderful soup made me so happy I drove the 20 miles to come here.  Plus, I only spent $6.95 plus tax and tip and I am still stuffed hours later.The next time, I want to try the pork chop with rice and the Viet Namese spring rolls which I've not had since I went to Seattle many years ago.  I'm looking forward to more great food from these folks.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,1/27/2013,33,299,1,8,4>Buckeye Bargains is a hidden treasure located on the Ohio State Columbus campus.  It's in the basement of Converse Hall and is only open on Wednesdays from 9-3:30 pm when classes are in session.  It is completely volunteer run by The University Women's Club, and all of the proceeds go to fund scholarships for OSU students.  The volunteers are really friendly - just ask them if you need help or if you are looking for something in particular, and they'll point you in the right direction.  So what will you find?  A little bit of everything!  Think OSU gear + thrift shop/flea market.  Make sure you have time to browse when you head in there, because it's a small space that is well packed.  Donations come from individuals and shops (such as the OSU gift shops); some items are used, some new, some from estate sales, and more.  There is plenty of OSU gear, plus items with other logos, housewares, art, jewelry, clothing, toys and more.  There's a lot of turnover, and every week brings something new.  There's even a free box that sits at the front entrance.  I've found everything from OSU bird feeders to university themed cookie cutters, OSU logo bags, seasonal holiday decorations, scarlet and gray buckeye rain boots, and lots of jewelry.Being on campus, parking to visit the store can be a bit of a bear, so if you can time it with a visit to campus or the area and walk there, that can be helpful.  Otherwise, the nearby parking lot offers pay 'n display parking (cash or credit card), so you can also park that way.  However you end up there, be prepared to go treasure hunting and enjoy!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,1/26/2013,42,170,,3,3>Very nice experience.  First, the atmosphere--exposed brick walls, pressed tin ceilings, dim lighting, nice feel.  Second, the beer.  The beer was great. The Tavern specializes in high alcohol content beers.  I had several beers ranging from 6.5 percent to 10.5 percent, and there were many more tasty beers that were 8 to 10 percent alcohol.  And they were well-priced too.  We got there at happy hour and had considerable savings on our drinks.  I got a Gulden Draak 9000, which is a delicious 10.5 percent beer, in a FULL PINT GLASS, which is normally $8, and was marked down from there for happy hour. Perhaps it was a mistake to serve it in such a large glass (it is far larger than the proper serving), but I appreciate the value I got.  Third, the food.  The pretzel sticks and cheese appetizers are a buck a piece.  Get a lot of them.  They're delicious.  I also had the French dip sandwich, which was great.  Thick cut beef and melted swiss dipped in wonderful au jus with some great potato chips.  Fourth, the service.  The servers were friendly and attentive.  Positive experience overall, can't wait to go back.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,1/25/2013,129,17,9,7,7>HOLY MOTHER OF SLOPPY JOE. Yes, it's that good. At Explorer's Club I've managed to do something I never do at restaurants, especially brunch restaurants: clear my plate. The brunch specials are so good, and even the home fried potatoes are so smoothly prepared that I have yet to leave there with a to-go box. This doesn't happen at other brunches for me. I mean, let's be honest, I'm not a bruncher. I do brunch here and there. I have been known to coordinate a brunch or two, but I'm definitely not on top of my brunch game. In fact, until I went to Explorer's Club, I'm pretty sure my brunch score was in the low 10's, rather than most professional brunchers who land in the 100's or even 1000's when you get to the weekly, grade-A, bloody mary and mimosa please hold the toast pros. But when my wife and I were returning from a 4 hour car trip through Pennsylvania, I thought "hey, she thinks this is a good idea, what could go wrong?" And then we walked in, were greeted graciously, and I saw the sloppy joe omelette on the specials board. Then it was in front of me, with the recommended mac and cheese on it. Then I asked for their house hot sauce. Then I put the omelette in my mouth. Then I cried inside. It was the smokiest, smoothest, slowest roasted pork in the most subtle BBQ sauce I'd ever had. I've had Ray Ray's. This is a different bird. Ray Ray's is just what it is, and you don't mess with that. Just like BBQ in Austin, don't mess with Texas. This, this is something you put on eggs, add a pile of squishy cheese and pasta, and do not argue about. The hot sauce was pleasantly spicy, and made the home fries irresistible.  Second time around, I did a repeat of that dish, with similar results. Third time, I went for a veggie option and was not disappointed. I did the mac and cheese on the side instead of home fries because... well, I couldn't resist it.So while my brunch score may still be low, I'm definitely looking forward to upping my appearances at Explorer's Club.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,1/24/2013,172,99,2,7,3>I really enjoy dining at Merlion.  I have been here several times and liked everything but one dish.  The menu is so large and we try something new every time we stop in.  The servers are very knowledgeable about the menu and will help answer any question you have.  To start with, you should definitely try their crab rangoon.  Theirs are sooooo good.  For 3, $1.95 I think is a good deal.  They are so creamy and full of crab, and then the outer crunch; everything together is a perfect texture in your mouth.  We have also tried the chicken satay.  They were good, but they don't come with any sauce for dipping.Have you every been to a restaurant that has 11 different kinds of soup?  We have tried the chicken corn soup and the clay pot noodle soup, and Singapore Laksa .  The chicken corn soup was alright, but the clay pot noodle soup was really good.  They serve it in a cute bowl and it stays hot the whole time you are eating it.  The only think that we haven't really cared for on the whole menu so far that we have tried is the Singapore laksa.  It is a curry soup with potatoes and chicken on the bone.  Maybe if the chicken wasn't only the bone, it would have been more enjoyable, but I am sure that is how the soup is served in Singapore.  It wasn't for us, but maybe you would like it.Out of the Merlion specials, we have tried the Sizzling hot plate Tofu.  It does have pork, so if you think this is a vegetarian dish, beware.  We asked for it with chicken instead, and it was so good.  I think next time we will even ask for it to only be chicken and no tofu.  The dish comes out on a sizzling hot plate like fajitas do and the sauce is bubbling.  It was a sweet sauce that was amazing.  If you go here on the weekend or on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, they also have specials that you can't get any other day of the week.As for the noodle dishes, we have tried the Char Kway Teow Mee and the Pan Fried Noodle in Canton Style.  The first one is like this thai dish that we really like.  It is a dry noodle dish, as where the pan fried noodle is in a lot of sauce.  They were both amazing and I would highly recommend both of them.They also offer Chinese dishes and we have ordered the kung pao several times.  I think it is my sisters favorite kung pao around.To accompany your meal, try one of their homemade drinks.  They are something different.Bottom line, if you haven't checked out Merlion yet, you should try it out.  There is something there for everyone, and a great opportunity to try Indonesian and Singaporean food.  I don't think you will be disappointed.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,1/23/2013,134,190,2,13,6>Ahh, yes, India Grocers.Been going to this location for years - almost a decade - and my relationship has changed over time. Still love it just as much, but what I buy is completely different now. In the early days, before I was vegan, I would buy just about anything.A nice freezer section in the back, containing frozen goods like veggies, samosa, whole meals, and naan. A great place to stock up on frozen Indian food!A decent selection of fresh produce, and a refrigerated section, greet you in another aisle. I tend to shy away from this section as I have no idea (yet!) how to prepare the specialty produce, and the conventional produce is not why I'm there. Also, India Grocers is usually my first stop, so shelf-stable items that can safely sit in the trunk of my car for a few hours are best.Up front, an Indian "sweet" display case awaits. If you're not vegan, try some super tasty - and different - treats. It's hard to describe Indian sweets, but I'd say they're like a cross between candy, cake, cookies, and hors d'oeuvres. You may not recognize many items in this case, unless you've eaten them before, but I'd say go nuts and buy a random container of them. If you have someone to share them with, all the better! Vegans beware: lots of butter ("ghee"), cheese ("paneer"), and milk here.A fresh-food section near the front displays samosa and other items made freshly. You can ask when they were made, and when the next shipment will be. My problem with most of the fresh food, is that there usually aren't ingredient lists, so I have to avoid ALL of it as a vegan. I'm sure there are one or two fresh items I could eat, but I simply don't know, and don't trust that any of the employees will really know either.Speaking of employees, it's hit or miss if you're going to find someone who speaks English well enough to understand anything more than a rudimentary request. "Where is the rice?" will get you sent to the huge rice area successfully, but ask the wrong person where something specific is, and you'll be asked to wait until someone who understands you can be found. I actually don't mind this, because it IS an Indian grocery store, and this is probably one of the few places they can actually speak their own language. It's just something you need to be aware of, if you're the type that expects everyone to speak English around you all the time. I don't.I've covered the entire store of items that I don't, can't or won't eat, so let's talk about what makes India Grocers awesome: the groceries.Walk down any aisle and both your eyes and nose will be assaulted with awesome Indian herbs, spices, scents and flavors. Like walking through any Asian market (which often smell overwhelmingly like fish to me), an Indian grocery store smells pretty stereotypical: cumin, cardamom, black salt, clove, cinnamon, tamarind and coriander. I'm sure certain items add to the milieu in varying degrees, but an Indian grocery store smells pretty much like any other Indian grocery store. Why? Because they have a ton of different items on the shelves, and they aren't all 100% hermetically packaged, so some of the goodness gets out. Everything here is much less sterile and contained, because unless you walk right down the spice aisle in a regular grocery store, you're not smelling spices.What do they have here?Well, they have snacks, both sweet and salty. If you were visiting India for awhile, and homesick for treats from the U.S., what would you expect to see? Turn that around, and imagine folks from India really missing their culture (and food!) back home.  I'll randomly pick up a bag or two, check the ingredients, and end up eating way too many spicy, salty, fried goodies. Protip: share with a friend to guarantee you will eat less than the whole bag! Rice. So much rice. Basmati is favored, and white Basmati (with the hulls removed) is the most common. Brown is healthier, and what I prefer.Herbs, spices and condiments are all over the place, and well worth trying. Indian "pickle" is generally spicy and I love tamarind chutney. Yum!Aside from the rice, spices and sauces, I end up buying a lot of bagged bulk foods here: nuts (cashews, almonds, pistachios), and dried beans/peas.  You save money buying dry and reconstituting, and the final product can be better. Packaging isn't as fancy, but it's effective and, honestly, you throw the bag away anyway.The nice thing about the bags of bulk items is that they generally have small, medium and large bags of the most common items, so you can decide if you need a small amount for a quick recipe, or if you need to stock-up with a much larger bag. This lets you try new things without buying a five-pound bag of something you despise.Overall, my favorite Indian grocery store in all of Columbus, as my years of patronage can attest to. Leave your ethnocentric beliefs at the door and enjoy a rich experience, conveniently located on Sawmill.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,1/22/2013,30,144,4,3,4>Surly Girl screams out to me as a great winter-time, comfort food lunch destination.Surly Girl's decor can best be described as 50's pin-up girl meets the old west.  At lunch, service is excellent and you can easily get a table without any wait.  Parking is also free (right next to Goody Boy).With the "fun-sized" lunch, you can grab a cup of soup or chile (I gravitate towards the chicken posole) and half of a sandwich.  The sandwiches are all far from the normal fare.  The devil's egg salad (egg salad with a good kick) is to die for.  The BLT & A - excellent.  The meat loaf sandwich - fantastic!  The "fun-sized" lunch is the perfect size for both my stomach and wallet (clocking in at $7.50).Having grown up in the Southwest, Surly Girl reminds me a bit of home.  Where else can you get a Frito pie? Egg salad with a good red chile kick? Posole?  No, this isn't Southwestern food, but more of the Southwest meets Ohio comfort food - a great combination (especially on those cold, wintery days).I know Surly Girl has great beers on tap and serves up one awesome brunch.  A bar destination/Sunday hangover destination is really the calling card of this place.  What I'm telling you is that it is also one great lunch destination and that secret, based on the lunch crowds, is not out.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/21/2013,29,60,4,6,4>Been here twice; still hesitant the first time to write a review because I thought it was out of beginner's luck that they got everything right. Also, I'm not too fond of asian-bistro kind of restaurants since they often lack of authenticity. But the second time, I gave up and rest my case. This place warrants a review, the best one. What distinguish Sesame Sea from other Chinese restaurants is the quality. You won't get a chicken floating above a pool of oil and sauce, or mushy half-beaten shrimp, or some other greasy stuff you usually find in a typical Chinese restaurant. Although it may not be the most authentic restaurant, the freshness and quality definitely make up for it. Now, you don't have to walk out from a Chinese restaurant feeling like you just gulp a glass of Canola oil. Some worth-trying dishes: black pepper scallop, seabass with shitake mushroom, and basil thai.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,1/19/2013,76,78,4,7,7>We stumbled across this place while my family was visiting from out of town. My mom wanted to see German Village and my dad wanted to try a proper German-style beer. After a disappointing experience across the street with crap beers, we wandered into Club Diversity and discovered my (conservative, from-Montana) parents' favorite bar in Columbus. We hit them up on a gorgeous day where the patio in the back was comfortable and inviting, found great drink prices, and ended up buying (too many, very strong) vodka gummy bears. My dad then was excited at the prospect of live piano playing and singing of snow tunes, so we went inside and befriended the very friendly customers.I know that parents always play well at gay bars (and, since my mother looks exactly like an older version of me, it was obvious that is who they are), but the staff and patrons were friendly, the surroundings are comfortable, the prices are great, and the place is just great. If Club Diversity served food, we might have been there all night.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/18/2013,82,168,,3,4>I am *so* excited about this new brewery. The place has plenty of big beautiful stainless steel brewing equipment that they are happy to show you, and the whole thing is a renovated old garage, which now gives it great big windows. On their soft opening they weren't selling any of their own beer, but they will be soon, and they had good selections from other breweries--the Jackie O was good and the Hoof Hearted was great--as well as a full bar starring local spirits. The ambiance is the thing, though. It's got that great talky-bar feel like my favorite spots in New York, with lots of different seating possibilities -- the great big bar, the tables in the windows out front, the room full of tables in the back, the patio out behind, or the cozy little couch and coffee table area. Though I didn't stay here too long, I managed to see some great folks and to overhear discussions about the development going on around Columbus. Really hope this kind of thing continues!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/17/2013,135,164,23,12,6>ERMAHGERD CLERTHES!!!!!!An entire warehouse filled with discount clothing?? Yes please!The brands of clothing that this place carries can vary, but I happened upon it when they had a large shipment of Express, The Limited, Victoria Secret and more.  A lot of their items have imperfections such as stains, rips etc.  The lighting in the warehouse is also very dim so you MUST try on everything and really look for the flaws.  I made the mistake of buying a pair of jeans without trying them and later discovered that the pockets were cut out of them.  I had some breezey groin action going on.  I'll have to sew the pockets shut.  I left with an entire trash bag of clothes for just over $100.  Schweeet.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,1/16/2013,8,114,3,5,3>I love you honey mead. Brothers Drake, let me count the ways. They does an awesome job of keeping peoples glasses full and having the most versatile entertainment. Every time I go there its busy and every time I go I have a great time. The energy and ambiance is so much fun here. The beverage selection ranges. If you dont drink mead, they have local beer and even locally made kombucha. They do group tours of the meadery (booked in advance) which allows you to take a look at modern mead making. If you are a local band, they may be open to booking you. They are all local everything, which makes it even more meaningful to support this business. You may see me there!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,1/15/2013,185,387,4,9,5>Manifesto's opening couldn't have been any more timely: it is a perfect cozy winter den. Think dark woods, fireplace, comfy couches and belly-warming scotch.Brought to you by the peeps responsible for De Novo, Manifesto uses the space previously occupied by the questionable Isabella's. There's a selective something-for-everyone specialty cocktail menu, and the biggest scotch list I've ever seen. The menu consists mainly of small plates and a few flatbreads. I think the concept of cocktails+snacks is perfect for the downtown location. You can have a full-on business dinner if you want, but long cocktail hours accented by delcious, sharable grub is in demand.The ambiance is... interesting, and mostly in a good way. The dark colors make the candles on the tables really glow, you feel cloaked and dreamy. The "manifestos" from famous peeps, inscribed on the walls, gives your brain some food for thought. I love the U shaped booths. But, the (albeit cozy) fireplace is one of those free-standing faux dealies. Some of the furniture is in really strange locations (like a single chaise lounge tucked in next to the stairs), and overall it feels like there's way too much going on inside of Manifesto. A lot of the oversized booths are so close together that I'm not sure how things function when business is busy. After a little while, some of the decor starts to look a little bit more homegrown than it should be.Our waitress was really awkward, but I suspect this will improve with time. She couldn't seem to remember who ordered what-- and stuck an Old Fashioned in front of my face (literally, just a couple of inches from my nose) waiting for one of us to claim it. I don't think she's waitressed before,  but hopefully Manifesto will improve some training.The manifesto flatbread was aight. Not the most interesting thing on the menu, but we'd already eaten so this was for nosh purposes only. I appreciate that Manifesto has true FLAT breads, not pizzas called flatbreads. The crust was a tad on the too-crispy side and a little dry, but the fun goat cheese and other toppings made up for it. Anyway, these gripes are small-- I'm happy to have another fun option in my rotation downtown, and especially such a cozy one! They have breakfast, too!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,1/14/2013,51,317,2,3,3>What do I like about this place?  I thought the pho was solid, but I liked the options.  I like to have options.  Not too many, mind you, but at least a few.  And it's not because of me.  You see, I don't mind restaurants that do one thing and do it well.  (It's a whole 'nother matter when they do one thing and DON'T do it well.)  The problem is convincing the husband to go to a restaurant where they only do ONE thing.  I may have scarred him for life when we went to Korea and went to a tofu restaurant.I got pho with brisket and eye of round - plentiful meat, and the bowl was just the right size for me.  The broth was good, and the service was attentive.  I really wanted to try some other things, but hey, there's only so much this little stomach can hold.  That and I don't want to look like a balloon.  This is a welcome addition to Columbus!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,1/13/2013,64,129,2,8,5>I love this place.My cousin suggested we go here after they opened.First of all, the interior is gorgeous.The staff are unbelievably knowledgeable about the menu and the drink menu.Trust me - ask them anything, and they have the answer!The drink menus are so awesome - made from repurposed, antique novels!The food is totally original, and everything is homemade.Try the loaded housemade tater tots for you appetizer - you won't regret it.I chose the pretzel-crusted chicken sandwich for my entree, and it was very, very good. The portions are huge!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,1/12/2013,90,188,,7,5>It's New Years Eve. Dinner complete, with several black tie partiest to choose from. Instead, I head over to this "new brewery-type bar place" with a few friends to see what's going on. Over 30 taps and an incredible selection of beers. I start out with some of their own brews, falling in love with the IPA instantly.  A pint of 21st Amendment Sneak Attack Saison and a salute to Oskar Blues Ten Fidy put me in an excellent spot to bring in the new year. This space is large, open, and beautiful. The exposed brick provides a warm ambiance good for all, whether you're bringing a lovely lady in for a date or the guys on the company bowling team after a disappointing last frame. (Note, if you find a lady who likes to go to BRU for all of her dates, you've already won and I'm filled with envy). The bar was filled with great people, many who seemed to have connections with the bartenders and leadership. Everyone was kind, very knowledgable, and eager to share stories over a craft beer. Prices were as expected, ranging from $5-$8 depending on the location and content. The real gem of this spot is what lies behind the bar. As you look into the distance to see the Sportscenter highlights reel, you will see an entire room devoted to the beer-making process. You can grab some friends and brew a keg full of your own beer; given you're patient enough to wait for the aging process. A side wall is lined with hops, grains, with a HUGE walk-in freezer in the back. As a beer enthusiast, I cross my fingers and hope that these guys are here for the long-run to provide an educationally-wired cheers to the process.Tim, Gavin, Charlie, and the entire crew at BRU know what they are doing, and I hope nothing but the best for them. You will certainly see me here many times, hopefully mastering my Pliny the Elder recipe alongside these guys. I know the concept is new to the Midwest, but trust me Ohio; this is a keeper!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/11/2013,19,189,3,6,8>I never really thought that eating rice, for breakfast in the North Linden Neighborhood would be on the top of my todo list. I've driven by this unsuspecting friendly looking diner many times and never paid any attention to it. I wish that I had done so earlier. I walked in and was pleasantly surprised by waitress, and brought a cup of coffee in that fantastic, old time, brown diner mug. The coffee was good. I ordered some amazing concoction of fried rice, sausage, eggs, green peppers, mushrooms and sausage gravy topped with cheese. I would not have ever tried to eat this or make such a combo on my own, but I'm glad that I did. It was amazing.  There is not any other place that you can get "Breakfast fried rice" in Columbus, and since it is my new favorite breakfast, I'll be back. Please when trying new places throw away assumptions, and be ready for some good food and good coffee with friendly service.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2012,1/10/2013,241,94,,5,3>Nice, solid Mexican restaurant located in the old Iacono's location.Huge menu selection, but I'm not certain I saw many things different from what you would find at El Vaquero (maybe some more seafood dishes?) or most other Mexican restaurants.I went with some friends on opening night to see a mariachi band, which was fun.  They came around to each table and asked if we had any requests, and also took tips.The decor of the restaurant is extremely colorful, with each chair having its own design painted on the back.  There is a bar area near the front.  I'm not certain, but there may be space for private parties.The meal started out with the usual complementary chips and salsa.  I had a margarita on the rocks ($3.50 discounted for happy hour or opening night) and it was in the typical huge margarita glass.  The entree I ordered (enchiladas verde) only came with rice, but the waitress said they could do half portions of rice and beans in place of the full order of rice, so I opted for that (really liked that they could do that).  Our orders came out really quickly, and the food was piping hot.  The portion size was again, typical of what you would get at a Mexican restaurant.  The food itself was fine, although nothing blew me away.Prices seem to be comparable to what you would find at other Mexican restaurants.Our waitress was extremely attentive throughout the evening; hopefully this kind of service continues beyond opening night/week.Summary:  another Mexican option for NW Columbus, but I don't see how this place differentiates itself from the other Mexican restaurants (and maybe they aren't looking to be different).  I will return since it's probably the closest Mexican place to my house.If someone else goes and finds something unique about Azteca, I hope you will take a few minutes to write a review to prompt me to return sooner.PS--I hope they will consider opening for breakfast at some point since they do have a few breakfast items like huevos rancheros and breakfast burritos.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/9/2013,370,523,4,6,5>Till is serving up some delicious unique food. Everything I've tried there has been inventive and well seasoned. Portions aren't huge, but their prices are not inflated for the quality of ingredients you get. I personally recommend the lamb burger and the pork and grits. Both are really tasty. Honestly, I feel like anything you could order here would be good choice.  Their menu changes all the time based on the whim of the chef and the availability of high quality ingredients, but they have some main stays you come to expect. I like that! You know your getting the best, freshest, most thoughtful meals possible that day. So, if you go and they're out of beef, there's a good reason and you can feel good knowing they're not going to run to Kroger and try to substitute anything. They are serious about biodynamic food. Why not five stars then? Well, first off, service there is plain awkward. On my first visit, service was super friendly and helpful, but SO SO slow. On our second visit, service was much quicker, just more awkward. To be honest, the atmosphere there is both comfortable and awkward. I feel like it's not pretentious, but little stark and the staff is a little off. Second, they won't cook your burger to your requested temperature. They cook it the way they want to serve it to you, which is medium rare-rare. My lamb burger was fine, almost medium, but on my second visit, my BD Burger was rare. I'm a mid well kind of girl. The only reason I didn't send it back was I knew what high quality meat they use and wasn't worried about freshness issues and didn't want to be rude (of course). However, at this point, I would stick to ordering meats that get fully cooked, like the delicious pork and grits.  I really like what they're doing at Till. When you go, keep in mind, the service needs work, but the food is worth it.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,1/8/2013,884,714,6,15,12>Pepper's opened a while back, but being that it sits in the heart of Linden, it comes as no surprise that it has yet to be entered into Yelp. But never fear, the Mayor of Linden (self-appointed) is here! I finally checked this little carryout fish and chicken joint for lunch today. I was actually pretty surprised with the many types of fish offered. I'd list them all, but I don't have the menu handy (I did grab one, of course). They also offer shrimp, which is not a fish, but I guess Pepper's Fish, Chicken and Shrimp is a bit of a mouthful. You can order a ton of different combos, almost all of which cost $9.99, and feature some variety of chicken, fish, and/or shrimp. They also do larger bulk orders in case you are feeding your entire family, and I mean extended family, like last minute family reunion catering. Drinks are offered in can form, and there are a handful of fruit flavors in addition to the traditional favorites. When I say carryout, I mean carryout. There is standing room only. They also have subs and sandwiches, and a few cheaper deals on a specials board. I don't know if it changes daily or not. I think the name must be pepper's because of the spice blend they put on the fish. I ordered a 2 piece catfish dinner, and those filets, in addition to being humongous, were downright delicious. The combo comes with two slightly toasted pieces of bread, so I turned one filet into a fish sandwich with the provided tartar sauce, and alternated dipping the other filet into tartar sauce and malt vinegar. I wish I'd noticed the hot sauce they gave me, I would have rathered it than the tartar! The fries were equally well seasoned and I ate every last bit. Lastly, the service was pretty decent. They underquoted me on how long the order would take, which did cost me some extra makeup time at work, but the owner carried on a good conversation with me to pass the time. There is a drive thru window, but I didn't get to make out whether or not it was functional. All that said, possibly the best things about Pepper's were that 1) it's open until 1am and 2) they're going to start delivering soon. I love these new dining options in my hood!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,1/7/2013,115,228,5,6,6>Headed down to El Camino with some friends tonight. I have to admit, I was skeptical as hell. Mexican food downtown? If you've ever read any of my other reviews, you know how insanely picky I am about Mexican food. (Nothing personal, El Camino--I'm skeptical of all Mexican food in the Midwest. I did time in California and got spoiled rotten.) (Not literally, I have never been to prison.)I'm especially skeptical of tortas. I've had a lot of crappy tortas in Columbus. So what did I order? A torta. I had to get it out of the way immediately. I had to know where I stood with El Camino.One thing that initially impressed me was the menu. The menu was small and to the point, but without lacking anything you'd expect. I see far too many restaurants with sprawling menus that end up producing lackluster food; El Camino's menu was tight as a drum. They also don't seem to charge a ridiculous amount for their guacamole, so thumbs up for that, too. We got our food after not too long. Y'all? The Cubano Torta was FREAKING DELICIOUS. I mean, FREAKING DELICIOUS. Every component was seasoned beautifully; I would have eaten any of those ingredients on its own. The bread was perfect--soft, toasted, buttery, NOT French bread, and NOT dipped in sauce (which is so weird, I've never eaten a torta dipped in sauce in Mexico... do they do that *anywhere* in Mexico? is that something they do to make the sandwich messier and harder to eat? eight thumbs up to El Camino for not doing that). The meat was delicious. The beans were delicious. EVERYTHING was delicious, and it was $8--a good price for a massive delicious sandwich.Our server was also excellent. She was friendly and prompt but didn't hover over us. The atmosphere was casual and comfortable. It was a good experience as well as great food. In fact, this would have been a five-star experience except for two things: my cocktail was seven bucks, and I don't feel it was a seven-dollar cocktail, nor do I think they have the atmosphere for seven dollar cocktails. (A price on the board would have been good, too--I wasn't wild about the Derecho and I would have played it safe if I knew how much it was going to be.) The margarita on the rocks my friend had was really tasty, but I've been to nicer places that charge less, especially as it wasn't a huge margarita glass but your standard double old-fashioned glass. (Side note: I really, really really really miss the Canton Margarita from BAR l'etranger. RIP, you lovely, strange little bar.) I probably won't be ordering alcohol when I return. I also tasted some of their carnitas from a friend's taco. I try to cut people slack on carnitas because I know if you don't have a taquería with a vat of lard constantly simmering, it's hard to do carnitas authentically. Theirs were kind of dry and chewy, though--they seemed like they were cooked immersed in a water-based liquid, which can just kill a pork roast, stripping it of its silky, luscious fattiness. So, I don't recommend the carnitas. But I would, and will, go back all the time for that torta. Oh, and if you're reading, El Camino: A drink menu would have been lovely. When you're sitting at tables and people are sitting at the bar, it can be difficult to see the chalkboard. It's not a dealbreaker, I just thought I'd let you know. ;)
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,1/6/2013,114,521,2,8,3>OK, here's what you need to know.A) Yes, it's in a converted strip club. There are a LOT of mirrors around. If that bothers you, order carry out. No one will blame you.B) Xiao Long Bao. The best and possibly only soup dumplings in Columbus are delicious, but you have to eat them quickly to get the full experience. Certainly worth the trip.C) The Chinese menu ("specials") is where it's at. We went for an order of twice fried noodles with pork and shrimp and an order of bamboo shoots with pork and both were excellent. The bamboo shoots are actually fresh, not out of a can, and the difference in texture and taste is notable. I'd say that in general the service has been quite good, but there were a couple of occasional language barrier moments. Fortunately, we were able to work through them and were rewarded with a very tasty meal!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,1/5/2013,107,100,3,3,4>Alright, I am a sucker with shops like these. You will find all those unique items that you didn't even know you needed to have. Like scrabble letter magnets, a coffee cup with a disappearing Cheshire Cat, Cbus souvenir shirts, kitchen gadgets galore, necklaces with working kaleidoscopes on the end, oh and so much more! This is a shop I like to mosey around in every time I am down in the Short North and I definitely stop in it when I am Christmas shopping--we are talking a one-stop shop for gift giving.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,1/4/2013,34,66,3,3,5>I can't say I'm a fan of everything CD101 (er, 102.5) plays, but what other station in town do you know that plays Siouxsie & the Banshees?  Happy Mondays?  The Jesus & Mary Chain?  I had the pleasure of being a guest DJ several months ago.  It's amazing what they are willing to let you play.  Talk about taking community involvement up a notch!Because 102.5 is independent, they aren't restricted to the rigid formats set up by Clear Channel, in which the same five songs get played every hour ad nauseum.  Since most people don't buy albums anymore, this seems like an obsolete practice to me, but it is not something you have to put up with on this station.  They also play a lot of local music; something you definitely won't hear anywhere else.If you ask me, this is really the only music station in town worth a tenner.  It's worth putting up with Green Day to get to New Order.  And yes, DJ Leslie's voice is divine.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/3/2013,159,169,5,7,5>This place is quickly becoming a solid happy hour for my husband and I.  The several times we have been the bar is fairly empty -- where are all of you people???? Seriously, unless you don't like great beer, cheap eats, and stellar service, I don't quite understand. I'm not sure if it blows up to a party place at night, but 4th street tickles all of my happy hour fantasies.So, since no one else is there but us, I'll give you the rundown. You walk in and have your choice of table next to a large TV playing everything I like to see at once - ESPN sports shows for my man, the news for me, and any basketball game that is on for both of us. We then search through the extensive list of craft beers (which are half off at happy hour!)  to pick a new brew to try. After that, we order up some half-off appetizers. The hummus is great (and when we asked for a few more chips and vegetables they obliged, can't name a lot of places who will do that). The nachos are just OK.  Even the full priced food ranges from 4-8 dollars which is darn right affordable. Spicy garlic wings are definitely worth going back for. A big win for my taste buds. On your way out or in a hurry? Don't forget to pick up a 6 pack from a large variety of delicious beer - they have much more selection than all of the grocery stores by me!To round out the whole experience, we've had a different waitress each time and they have always been so pleasant and accommodating - I want to make sure they get a special shout out.I'm assuming if you are reading this at the after work hour you are now buttoning up your coat and heading over to get your half-off brew and grub on. Make sure to save me a seat.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,1/2/2013,10,65,2,7,5>Mezze is a pretty damn good place for "Mediterranean" food. I put Mediterranean in quotes because, quite honestly, all I ever get here is a gyro. I usually go here with coworkers, and they get all the other stuff--and they rave about it. I really like that the first time we went there they gave us a little sampling of the different dips and stuff, very nice touch.I get a gyro, and it is consistently delicious. I spice it up, which is a nice little add-on. Although, it can be rather difficult to eat and I end up looking like a jackass trying to eat it in front of my colleagues. The bowls that all the women get look pretty tasty, so I might try one of those next time (doubtful--I'm a creature of habit). I was a little disappointed because they didn't cut the gyro meat right off of the big spinning slab like they usually do...but I couldn't tell the difference. The only downside I can think of is that it's closed on Mondays. It seems so random and unexpected to me. I was quite heartbroken the first time I drove out there on a Monday to find out it was closed. You'd think with the amount of business this place does, they'd just stay open...but I guess it works for them. It also gets pretty busy during lunch, at times the line goes back to the door. So, be warned.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/1/2013,208,222,3,4,2>filling, yummy, economical. I got the  PERUVIAN LOMO SALTADO ($12), which is sauteed steak with onions, tomatoes and fried potatoes served with rice, plantains and avocado. twas goood.boys, keep this one in mind for your "Possible Awesome Datespots" list....you have such a list, right?????the interior is decorated the appropriate amount - they tried justtt enough to make it look ethnic and interesting while still maintaining the airy cool aesthetic. i especially like the colorful light fixtures. this place makes me feel like I could be in not-America (minus the fluent-in-english waiters), so yay! i'm a fan!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,12/31/2012,60,266,4,4,4>As of last night, Todd's is still showing to be a winner in my book.I have had hits and misses within the past year, which had me worried that this place was 'chinzing' out, but I take all those dirty thoughts away. Todd's is still superb in my books. Todd's has some really awesome deals throughout the week. My favorite is the free pitcher with any purchase of a large pizza on Saturday. It saves you a few dollars, and the desperation of awaiting refills. Another awesome deal is two small pizzas 1 topping for $10 on Mondays. My husband and I are such gluttonous ham-beasts when we come here, but the pizza is just great, which is why we find ourselves coming back again, and again. The pizza is a good midwestern square cut pizza. Close to pizza house, but in my opinion leaps and bounds better. It's amazing how one simple pepperoni and cheese pizza can cause such euphoric bliss, but then again, that's why I am probably fat as well. Health enthusiasts beware: This place is artery clogging, greasy goodness at it's best.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2012,12/30/2012,21,55,3,7,3>Head ups - Giorgio is a Colin approved date spot for all of you out there in the dating scene!  Have dined here a few times and while the food is certainly good, when it comes to Italian in Columbus, the competition is pretty fierce. I will say that the zucchini fries are excellent!  Overall, the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly with half of the place devoted to the dining room and the other half occupied by their bar.  Love the bar, which is small, but the horseshoe shape is perfect for hanging out. Bartenders are very nice and the overall customer vibe is refined and happy. I would describe Giorgio as subtle, romantic, vibrant, friendly and usually very busy, which is good for people watching.  We have peeped a ton people who are clearly out on first dates at Giorgio.  They serve champagne splits (single serve bottles), along with traditional aperitifs, which has had me landing here, after a night on the town.My only beef here is the $2 charge for "splitting a dessert". Wait, what..?  I feel like people split dessert, so they don't feel guilty about eating a 10,000 calorie decadent chocolate lava cake with all the trimmings. Maybe this is some kind of a personal pet peeve for the owner, but to me it seems absurd.  Am I wrong?
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,12/29/2012,26,378,1,3,5>Just looking at it from the outside, Rubino's is everything you think it is. In my mind, the fine people of Bexley first discovered this new fangled dish called "pizza" a couple two-three generations ago at Rubino's. The menu is simple: pizza, spaghetti, ravioli, and one salad with one kind of dressing. How great is that? Your Coke comes in a can, your pizza comes on a cracker. Or at least that's how the crust is. Reminds me an awful lot of the pizza I was exposed to growing up in St. Louis. Only at Rubino's, they use slices of cheese. I think it's provolone. I think it's the same stuff they put on the salad. Whatever it is, it blends perfectly with the subtly sweet but tangy sauce and the pepperoni that's anything but pretentious. Rubino's is not trying to be something it's not. It is not gourmet. It is not old-school irony. It's not a place that every pizza lover is going to love. It is living history. It is a family restaurant with a 50 pound telephone that can be heard from a block away and a pinball machine that's clearly been there since before video games were even invented.I love Rubino's and everything it stands for: super cheap, super fresh, super hot pizza that's been filling the bellies and warming the souls of its patrons for a long, long time.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,12/28/2012,54,186,5,7,5>I came here Monday for lunch right around when they opened (11 am).  Unassuming strip mall joint. Walking in, it had a cultural flair with the wood carved table and chairs, the two giant LCD tvs tuned to the hispanic MTV and all the accolades along the walls. I knew this was a good choice for authentic Mexican.I had the al pastor especial with pineapples and a jarritos mango drink (gotta go all in on the experience).  The corn tortillas that came with my meal were piping hot and appeared to be hand made.  The pork dish came out with real cut pineapples (not from a can) and were splendidly delicious.  They also had some fatty bits to really make it yummy.The meals come with a giant bowl of limes, fresh cut to add additional flavor.  There's also a bowl of 'salsa' but really it is onions and majorly spicy peppers. I loved it, but was definitely too hot for main stream America (another reason I like this place, it does what it does, no catering to "AMURIKAH").  There was also a sweet red chili sauce and a creamy green chili sauce, both of which were awesome and provided dynamic changes to the tacos.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,12/27/2012,138,202,2,7,6>Tokyo Gogo is a new food truck serving authentic Japanese street food. They are open most days in the parking lot of Brothers Drake Meadery. It's nice because you can order food from inside the bar. Food truck goodness without all the standing outside. I've tasted most of the menu and everything is fantastic. Standouts include the korokke, a fried potato thing with cheese. Agedashi tofu, deep fried tofu in a thick, savory mushroom broth, and delicious delightful dumplings pan fried with pork and veggies inside. You could eat the whole menu for about $50 if you were so inclined. All the dishes pair surprisingly well with the mead they're serving inside the bar. Go check it out Yelpers!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,12/26/2012,42,144,1,4,5>Fabulous hole-in-the-wall downtown--as in, like Lessner's other places, 'blink and you'll miss it.' DON'T miss it! The food here is fantastic. I've been here for lunch, dinner and brunch, and never a bad experience. For Brunch, the gravy and biscuits, eggs, and bacon are fabulous--great sized servings and reasonably priced. I fell in love with their spaghetti and meatballs, and as a third-generation Italian-America, I take spaghetti and meatballs Very Seriously. The staff is friendly and attentive, and if you want to hang out and relax, they full support that. :) I wouldn't say they're "inattentive"--they let you enjoy yourself, as opposed to "hurry up, eat and clear the table".  It's tiny, but has a great vibe, from the Christmas lights to the George Washington portraits. The restrooms are small (only one person in at a time), but I found the ladies' room very clean when I visited. It reminded me a lot of Cheers--where everyone knows your name. Street parking, which is free after 6 PM and on Sundays! Never had a problem getting a spot. Also parking garages nearby.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/25/2012,83,222,5,6,4>1. I'm a sucker for locally made goods.2. I had Yelp coupon3. I like cookies cut in the shapes of things.Had a rough day and needed a lil pick me up. I was in the neighborhood and a friend suggested we get cookies. She originally came for the coffee which she said was amazing . As soon as I checked in, Bam I had coupon for a dozen mixed cookies for 25 bucks. I bought a dozen and I convinced my friend to get a dozen too. I originally thought I was gonna LOOOOOOVE the S'more cookie but really it was the simple Almond flour, royale iced Ohio cookie that I fell in love with. I took the cookies to a holiday party and they disappeared. Definitely a hit.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,12/24/2012,94,224,4,3,3>I've had this place 'bookmarked' since a few months after I moved to the area.  Finally, a year later, I make it here for dinner.... WHY DID I WAIT SOOOOOOOO LONG??????SHAME on me!!!!  And shame on you if you don't try this place either!For dinner I decided on the full rack of ribs (see my pic) with the green beans as my side (see additional pic).  And they were literally on a side plate.... no room on the dinner platter because the ribs hogged the whole plate!!  And mind you, it wasn't just a side of beans, it also was a whole plate of fresh, crispy, flavorful, green beans!!Before this glorious dinner, the server brought out the most wonderfully warm and fresh loaf of bread!!  Then I chose the Caesar salad - OHHHHH SOOOOO GOOOOOD dressing made on site!!  Then of course came those most beautiful ribs!!  Yes, beautiful!!!  See my pic if you don't believe me!!The menu says "Award Winning".... well I should say so!!  They were absolutely wonderful.  I can't find the words to describe... all I can say is they were some of the best ribs ever!!Our server was great... oh so friendly!!  But then she had the nerve to offer desert... Of course I had to pass... I'm sure I'll regret that....  maybe next time if I only get a half order of ribs... LOL... yeah right!!!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,12/23/2012,125,159,,4,2>If you've read my review for the "original" Tommys on West Lane in UA, the you know that this pizza is my ALL TIME FAVORITE.  I actually had never been to this outpost up on 161, but have known about it for years.   I am skeptical of other branches of Tommy's - for no good reason other than they are not the original old and dingy location.    Finally, I got in here to try it.Turns out - just as good as the original!!!!  Delicious mini-pepperonis, crispy cracker crust, just the right about of hot lava grease pooling in the pepperonis!  Same unique  salad dressing.  Only a couple of drawbacks to this location:1.  It is very difficult to get to.  This place is definitely a casualty of the "new" 161.  You have to go in through a service road whose entrance is several hundred yards from Tommys.  You can see it, but you can't get to it!!  2.  It is a little sterile environment.  Kinda 80's diner looking decor.  Not a big problem, just an observation. Bottom line, if you like Tommy's, don't be afraid to go to this location - itza good pizza!!!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,12/22/2012,86,267,,3,6>There are times when I need my 5 senses obliterated ..... with food & fun!  The North Market gets me there with just one door opening.  My personal favorite door is not the one I surmise most would pick:  NE entrance at the seafood market.   That walk along the a cold counter looking at perch, bass, swordfish, herring in all forms.... YUMMY!  And to my left?  Poultry and meats from a butcher's paradise.... and wild game to boot.   From there I walk counter-clockwise round the place.  Jenni's Ice Cream is a bit of a gambit for its popularity among C'BUSers.  Loads more.All around the perimeter areas are hot foods, cold foods and plenty of fun foods.  Breads, noodles, soups, cheeses, barbeque, chocolate, salsa, and then there is the fresh markets with veggies, flowers and such.  I just love it.  Why am I not in here more on a weekend morning?Then there is the time-out space upstairs.  With a small group of friends you can commandeer a nice table and rise above the visitors to enjoy food.  For me it's so gratifying to listen to the folks through the wide open, open atrium area make all that buzz.   And to watch as couples hold hands, kids jump and play.  The North Market is,...well,... what it's supposed to be:  A Market.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,12/21/2012,278,274,6,3,6>I love the Village Idiot - and I'm not referring to my "+1" either, wocka wocka!The Idiot has one of the best happy hours in town, very comparable to Woodland Tavern.  Great craft brew selection, decent cocktails.  Great happy hour pricing.  The bar tenders know their brews as well and can help point you in the right direction.It's really clean inside and the restrooms are quite nice - yes, in a bar, the restrooms are quite nice!  The ladies room has louvered doors and has always been immaculate when I've been there.Commonwealth sandwiches is next door, but only open till 9 pm.  CW's fries are the perfect accompaniment to the Idiot's bevy of beers. Pool, darts, plenty of tables and a NEW patio make this place a keeper.It's pretty empty until after happy hour.  Makes me wish to be able to give it a 6 star review! It's a dive bar only by location and general lighting dimness.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,12/20/2012,42,175,4,5,3>This is my main gym!  I kind of love this place.  Here are some things you need to know about it though:-The classes here are awesome.  They have spinning, like, 4 times a day and it is a serious workout.  There are blacklights and blasting music and people wear real bike pants (not a requirement, but it happens a lot, so if you are going to compare your workout clothes to others, BEWARE) and it is an experience.  I kind of love their Pilates class here-the instructor really knows her stuff.-No one is really here just to check other people out.  I kind of love that I show up in an old Race for the Cure shirt and yoga pants and it's fine.-There is no pool or track.  It is mostly a machine and a class place.  So if you want other things, well...this might not be for you.-There is a TOWEL SERVICE.  Maybe you don't know how great that can be but it is SO SO GREAT.  Showering is a snap here and it definitely cuts down on what I have to bring with me.-There are lockers you can use while you're there, but you can't just permanently have a locker that's yours.  If you're into that sort of thing.If you live in Clintonville, this is an awesome gym! Come hang out with me and not judge my workout clothes!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/19/2012,117,189,6,12,9>YAYYY!!!! I cannot contain my excitement.This place a good 15+ beers on draft...umm, hell yes? We got a pitcher of Ommegang Witte for $15. A nice price the amount of beer.Their salads: fresh. Simply fresh. Seriously. Opt for two of the dressings on the side. One is a creamy gorgonzola and the other a house vinaigrette. Sure to satisfy both palettes of eaters. Oh, and a small is perfect for two to share.The pizzas.....yes. While it may seem ridiculous to get a large for two people...do it. Split it in half and try two delicious concoctions side by side. We opted for Cuban Pork (the boy) and Chicken Gouda (me). I thought my choice was the best, but the boy thought his was miles better. I guess if you have a spicy palette with caramelized onions.... but no, chicken gouda gets my vote! And at only $22/23... not too shabby! & you get quite a few pieces for lunch tomorrow!While it took awhile for the pizza to come out....that's just how it is with quality fresh loaded on toppings.... it takes awhile. And well worth the wait!Oh... and this place is HUGE! Way better seating than in Charleston. And the bar was big as well, perfect seating...and tons of drafts. Did I mention beer? ...on beer.... on beer?Wine selection is superb is as well. Even featured the new Drew Barrymore wine! Umm...yes! Cannot find that ANYWHERE!I will be back....... and often. The staff was well trained for a grand opening. ESPN on the TV's and Mumford tunes. Yep, Pies and Pints.... take all my monies.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,12/18/2012,19,85,,5,3>I stopped by here when I first moved to Clintonville and hadn't gotten my washer and dryer hooked up yet. As someone who didn't have laundry machines in my apartment for the past 4 years, I'll just go out on a limb and say this is the nicest laundromat I've been to in Columbus, and I've been to a lot of laundromats. I mean there's only so much you can do to make a laundromat nice, right? But this place has everything I'd want while washing my clothes, including:- Nice, fairly clean, modern machines.- Did I mention the machines were clean? This is huge ya'll. No getting someone's nasty laundry crud on my clothes, and the soap dispensers weren't all crusted up with decades of old powdered soap that will make all your clothes smell like chemical flowers.- A regular person on-staff who was helpful and answered questions.- Free wi-fi so I can get my work (or, uh, Facebook) done while my clothes do their thing.- Plenty of seating space.- A variety of machine sizes and plenty of them. None of that "oh look some a-hole took all 4 tiny machines" business. It looked like there were 3 or 4 jumbo machines too, which is useful if you're a mega laundry procrastinator like *cough* some of us.- Normal prices: around 2.25 for a normal machine wash and I think it took maybe 0.75 to dry a normal load (depending on what you put it in, naturally).- Fairly non-sketchy crowd. Obviously not all laundromats can control this, but it's still a nice perk to feel like i can look away from my load for 10 seconds without all my stuff going missing. Having a regular staff person there really helps.They also have laundry and dry cleaning services, which I didn't take advantage of, but they looked fairly nice.Overall, big thumbs' up. I have laundry at home now (hallelujah) but I'll be back if I have big items that require a laundromat-sized washer.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,12/17/2012,42,96,2,6,3>Natalie's is an exceedingly modest establishment, to the eye, anyway.  From the outside, the only thing that announces it is the name on the awning; inside, it's clear that the space used to be a deli.This first impression makes one's surprise at the ambition of the food all the more enjoyable.  The menu is equally split between what one might term 'modern American' cuisine, mostly in the form of sandwiches, salads, and soup, and pretty much straight-up Korean dishes, reflecting the diverse heritages of the husband-and-wife team that run the place and prepare the food.  (It's worth noting that the husband of the pair, Paul Yow, used to be the executive chef at Barcelona.)We went on a cold, rainy day, and consequently opted for the Korean dishes (sandwiches never appeal to me in the winter).  The jap chae was well-prepared and true-to-form, accompanied by kim chee and a homemade beet salad.  As I've mentioned in other reviews, sometimes it's the details that set a dish apart; in this case, that accompaniment of the pickled beet and watercress made run-of-the-mill jap chae something entirely distinctive.We also got one of the specials, a mung bean pancake with broiled cod.  Basically that traditional Korean seafood pancake you would find elsewhere, again that attention to detail - in this case the broiled cod - made the dish something entirely unique.Normally we don't do dessert at lunch, but when the server went through the list, we couldn't turn down the white chocolate mousse with pomegranate seeds and dark chocolate.  It's a good thing we didn't.Until relatively recently, the downtown food scene has been unremarkable, at best.  Along with some other new arrivals, Natalie's is changing that.  Go give it a shot, your workday office lunch never tasted this good.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,12/16/2012,52,95,3,4,3>This fudge is good. I mean, really, it's German fudge, what more do you need to know? The Fudge Haus is located right next door to the Sausage Haus, which could be either the best or worst placement in history. They tease you before you go to pack yourself full of meat then get you on the way out.It's a cute little shop will all kinds of confections. There are both pre-packaged and bulk items available. Their peanut butter cups are large and flippin' amazing. The orange peels are also pretty stellar.If you're going to Schmidt's, don't kid yourself; you know you are going to stop in this fudge shop. I am just here to encourage you.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/15/2012,10,45,2,2,5>All I have to say about this food truck is "Who knew?!"  Certainly none of my friends because I would have come here years earlier.  So the first thing you notice while walking up to this place is the spit roast with the al pastor blazing away - it's quite the sight.  We went with the Gringa al Pastor, which you could probably compare to a quesadilla.  It has cheese that has been caramelized on the grill, topped with sliced al pastor and topped with onions and cilantro, and of course a fresh slice of pineapple.  When I say I didn't breath while eating this, I'm not lying.  It was so good and unlike anything I have ever had before.  I cannot wait to come back with friends, eat my weight in al pastor, and maybe even try the beef tongue...?  Who knows?!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,12/14/2012,63,87,3,8,6>It's because of places like this that Columbus is starting to get respect in national publications.One Line is elegantly utilitarian. They have terrific exposed brick walls, a custom curved pour-over station, standee bars ringing the store and a few shelves with packaged beans and a few devices for sale.  With the exception of a small area towards the rear of the store that is set up for cupping demonstrations there is no seating.  There is no wifi. There is no food. I never missed any of these.  One Line is set up for the efficient production and consumption of coffee and espresso, and to a more limited extent, tea.  The earnest folks in there do not betray the fact that the store has been open about a week at the time of this writing. They were highly knowledgable, skilled and gregarious.They have to be highly skilled with their beautiful variable pressure manual La Marzocco Strada.  You'd expect such a device at Blue Bottle, Intelligentsia or Espresso Vivace.  I can't imagine how long it must take to learn to operate one of these devices to its full potential.Also on display (and in use) are two beautiful iced drip coffee brewers that look like a cross between absinthe fountain and a boutique meth lab. (or so I might imagine)Like you'd expect from a top shelf artisanal operation the staff can tell you in detail about the source of their ingredients....to the extent that their walls are lined with pictures and descriptions of their suppliers in places like El Salvador...that they have actually visited.  Very impressive.I had a macchiato and a V60 pour-over on this visit. Both beverages were as complex and interesting as a fine wine.If Columbus keeps getting places like this, we'll go from getting write ups in the Chicago Tribune to the effect of "Columbus? Really?" to getting another visit from Bourdain...and this time being taken seriously. We're getting there...quickly. Applebee's country, my a**.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,12/13/2012,60,54,3,4,4>Another reincarnation, essentially. It's no longer The Bar Next Door, and I won't kid you, I miss the ambience there.However, the new layout is nice. The TVs are over the bar now... if my count is correct, 14 screens, plus the two projection ones on the north wall with another flat in between. Should be able to find a sport on TV somewhere here.Beers are not quite as cheap as before, but there are still good specials each night. Continuing the trend Steve had with BND, they're putting some damn good stuff on tap.They have a Tailgate buffet for Buckeye games... 10 bucks, all you can eat. You can still order Chi Thai next door, so that's awesome.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,12/12/2012,34,40,4,10,8>Lotsa complimentary stuff and very tasty.Maanas is one of those restaurants who serve authentic Indian food and the credit goes to the chef. Everything that I ordered was freshly cooked. When I ordered my food the guy who took the order told me that it will take some time and believe me food was worth the wait.I ordered Kadai Bhindi, Dal Fry and Garlic Naan(Rice, Tandoori Roti and Desserts were all complimentary)I have tried Indian food at a lot of places the one thing I don't like is that most of the restaurants do not serve authentic food and people who eat Indian food for the first time will end up assuming thats how its cooked. But its difficult to judge, its all personal experience that will make you capable of deciding the authenticity of the food.OverallFood Quality : 5/5Food Quantity : 5/5Service : 4/5Price : $$ / $$$$$Waiting Time : 3/5
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,12/11/2012,68,90,2,5,7>Could not ask for a better place in Olde Towne. Kenji and Josh have themselves a fan for life! Quality work done in a short time...no more of the 1 - 1.5 hour sessions at an overpriced salon waiting for your "stylist" to finish your cut.These guys have personalities that will make you feel comfortable...well as long as you dont mind the dirty jokes, and quick witty comments.Kudos boys....kudos!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/10/2012,93,276,3,8,5>The food truck craze has definitely taken Columbus by storm. When I first moved here, there were a handful of food trucks and lots of taco stands. Now, oh man! The lovely folks at Dinin' Hall have taken this city's love of food trucks and made it more comfortable and accessible. They've converted a great warehouse space in to a casual dining room with a funky vibe and filled the lot with an every growing, rotating list of food trucks and carts. You can find 2 or 3 here on any given day of the work week and for special events. Order what you want from the trucks you want, take your tickets inside, they'll ring you up, get you a drink if you like, hand you your ticket number stand, and send you off to find a place to wait for your food and eat. Since it's open seating, you sometimes wind up sitting next to complete strangers, but that's okay because it gives you a change to meet and talk to interesting new people. If I had one major complaint about Dinin' Hall it would be that the hours are limited to times when I simply can't make it except on a rare occasion.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/9/2012,92,300,,4,4>Whoa man. Kind of a surprise on this one. I've driven by a bunch of times wondering how good the food was and based on the stars, I was thinking that maybe I wouldn't want to try it, but my son can be very persuasive and he wanted to go. Upon walking in I wasn't sure what to think. It's basically a big room with booths along the walls and tables in the middle with an L shaped bar at one side. The service was good and friendly, fast and accurate. The food was surprisingly different and delicious. I expected the same old same old, maybe with a twist here and there at inflated prices, but that's not what they're about. They start you off with 3 different salsas. One roasted, one red and one green. They were all pretty good, but I am partial to tomatillos, so I went for that one and they know what they're doing. I was a little disappointed by their lack of ceviche on the menu, but I'm glad they didn't have it because their guac is fantastic. They actually make it right there for you. It's like 6 or 7 bucks, but you get a huge bowl, made right in front of you. They cut and peel the avocado, mash it, ask if you want cilantro, jalapeno, onion or tomato, and hand it over. Pretty fresh and tasty stuff. So on  to the main course. I was very happily surprised to see goat on the menu so I ordered it. My friend ordered some sort of pork. I was blown away by my goat and I felt like it was something I would get from one of those authentic Mexican restaurants on the west side, except it was a little higher quality, I didn't question whether I would be praying to the porcelain gods later on, and my car also didn't get broken into. My god that sauce with it was amazing. Absolutely spectacular, and my friend even took some of it home to put over her left overs. Her pork was also amazing. It was tender and juicy and was almost like a nice lamb shank. They had so many other great looking things on the menu including a very home made looking xangos which I really can't wait to try. I can't wait to come back.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,12/8/2012,27,185,,5,4>The name really says it all.  Tucked away near the Crosswoods theater near Sushi-ko and Lotus Grill, W&B serves up a range of tasty wursts and offers a large selection of beers in a dark sports-bar with touches of German/biergarten kitsch, for prices that won't break the bank.The main focus, of course are the various wursts and brats of which there are a wide range to choose from, including a fascinating "exotic line" including rattlesnake & pork, smoked duck, and alligator, all of which I hope to try at some point.  For my visit, I decided to try the veal curry wurst, which was very good.  The meat, tender and smooth, is cut up and smothered with a tangy sauce. Served with fries and a chunk of sweet white bread, it made a very pleasant and filling meal for ...I think about $6. If sausage isn't your thing, W&B also offers a variety of burgers and sandwiches, as well as a few entrees like schnitzel and fish & chips.  There is also a selection of flatbread pizzas and some decadent sounding desserts.Prices are reasonable for the most part, as I recall, and the portions ample.  I was not "stuffed" with my meal but sufficiently sated. Other notes...this might be a pretty good place for a group as there are a number of rather large tables.  Also, if you really want to have a party, there are large towers to pour in a large amount of beer built into the tables.  I myself was driving when I visited so I can't really comment on how the beers are, but there is a pretty good looking selection, focusing on the German brews, and I admit I would be quite tempted to partake if I could convince someone else to drive :)  Also, the place is open pretty late, which is wonderful for all of us night owls. Anyways, I definitely plan to get back here at some point to try the rattlesnake wurst if nothing else.  It's a good place for a fun night out, even better if you bring all your drinking buddies.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,12/7/2012,84,263,,5,4>I find myself here somewhat frequently, whether it's grabbing drinks to watch a basketball/football/baseball game with the bf or getting a later dinner and drinks after a long day. As mentioned in previous reviews, the place is kind of schizo, being half-restaurant, half-bar (and now part-time live music venue), but I kind of like that it caters to different moods. King Ave 5 is probably one of the better sports bars around Grandview, with plenty of TVs and a garage-converted-to-bar area in the back with giant projector screens and more TVs. Because of this, it fills up pretty easily on big game days so go early if you want a good seat. Most of the other times it's pretty open. I usually always sit in the bar area - find I have better service from the bartenders. Something that always gets me is how cheap this place is! I don't know if they forget rounds of drinks or what but many times I've left surprised at how little I spent. Usually around $3 for a beer and $3.50 for wells. I can't speak too much for the food, as I ALWAYS order the buffalo chicken salad (delish), but I have had the mozzarella skewers (so freaking good but a ton of cheese if you don't have a group to share with), and the tortilla soup (meh, but bf liked it). They have a pretty varied menu and I've never heard complaints from anyone I've dined with. Bf always gets the spicy burger (forget the name but it comes with jalapenos) and he loves it. Again, reasonably priced all around. Kind of don't want to mention it because I always have a spot, but nights after 5 and weekends all day, you can park across the street at the Montessori school. Hardly anyone ever parks there and it's a pretty safe place to leave your car if you have to on a Friday or Saturday night.Overall, this place is great. Could stand to be a little friendlier, but it gets a solid 4 stars.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,12/6/2012,72,39,,6,8>This restaurant fits me like a little black dress. Whenever I want to feel a little bit special, I slip into one of Barcelona's curve-hugging booths, and let myself soak in the sexy decor and enjoy some sophisticated dining. For my husband's recent birthday, it was the clear choice for a celebration destination.It was a Monday, and we decided on a lavish lunch rather than a dinner date. We dined inside, as the dog days were in full effect, but the intimate indoor setting balances out the loss of the patio. Red brick walls and elegant glass art pieces back the booths and tables, and warm lighting bounces against mirrors and spills over hardwood floors. It evokes a certain rustic polish, made more authentic with your first bite of crusty house bread.They serve this delicious bread partially sliced, with a cup of olive oil and a little tomato paste. The crust has a chewy crunch, and it's sweetly soft enough to stretch as you pull it apart - it's always a highlight for me, no matter the meal. Our waitress was fast, friendly, and delivered absolutely first-class customer service throughout our long lunch, including replenishing our bread basket twice (a big bonus in my book!).We opted to start with the "Barcelona Tapas Seleccion", which turned out to be a perfect sampling of Spanish inspired appetizers for two. Our "marinated salads" included mouth-watering sauteed mushrooms, a refreshing chopped cucumber and tomato salad, and unfortunately a blend of oily artichoke hearts and roasted red peppers that I suspect came straight from a jar. An assortment of spanish olives favored the green variety, and a few contained pits, but they were wonderful. The hummus was surprisingly tasty as well, and the grilled flatbreads served alongside were perfectly crunchy and covered in smoky paprika. But hands down, the high point was the red potato salad - starchy cubes topped with subtle prosciutto, tart pickled onions, and tangy creme fraiche... cold meat and potatoes never tasted so good!He decided to try the daily special, a fried green tomato BLT with a side of french fries, because he loved the one I'd made at home for him a week before. Home cooking is quite the competition, but their version, served open-faced on toasted ciabatta with a pimiento cheese spread, had all the spicy bite of a true contender. I ordered off of their "Lunch del Dia" menu, an intriguing inexpensive lunch option offering three courses for only $10. My starter salad consisted of spinach, strawberries, creamy chunks of goat cheese, and a citrusy vinaigrette dressing adeptly applied. The side salad of cucumber, tomato, and onion was far too sweet for my tastes, and my crab cake sandwich lacked impact, but overall it was an impressive variety and value.After all that, we were satisfied and bordering on stuffed, but what's a birthday without a dessert? I asked for cappuccino and he ordered an espresso, while he scanned the menu and eventually settled on a chocolate bar. Hot cups of coffee made an ideal ending for a indulgent meal, and the back of the "Barcelona" bar features some pretty farcical and entertaining reading. This was the kind of brunch that was familiar but fantastic, the kind that every birthday boy deserves.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,12/5/2012,33,244,7,5,5>Umm, if you haven't been in uptown Westerville during the early evening hours and enjoyed the fact that the whole uptown area smells like donuts then you are missing out, my friend.  What ridiculous town do I live in where the air smells like donuts while I eat a $1 coffee-and-donut special?  And the donuts aren't crappy, bottom-of-the-barrel gross donuts; they're really good.  Between Graeter's and Schneider's I am going to be a giant fat dude in about eight months.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,12/4/2012,65,187,,3,6>Love this shop, love this company.  The shirts and other goodies are always well-made, timely, and fashionable. They obviously love Cbus, and show it with their attire.  I've actually learned a lot about Cbus history throught these shirts.  Super. They run specials all the time, so while they shirts are expensive on their own, you can usually find a half-price special if you try.  The little shop on Brickel is a perfect extension of the company - it's hipster, functional, and kitschy.  The vintage arcade game and concrete floor make it seem like you're buying from someone's garage (a good thing).  Bonus:  they throw in random crap whenever you buy.  Last time I got Saved by the Bell: College Years cards.  Who doesn't love a little Screech with their shirt?
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/3/2012,1214,553,4,9,5>Insane hours? Trek across town? Cash only? Yep. And Thurn's is worth it all.I'd recently read an article where Jeni mentioned going to Thurn's, so if it's good enough for Jeni...well, you know the rest.On a Saturday morning (the only time I can possibly make it out during business hours), I headed off to Thurn's without a clue what I was doing. I didn't even know what I was going to buy! I just knew I wanted to visit Thurn's.Well, the lovely people at Thurn's were totally accepting of my idiocy, and they couldn't have been sweeter. I just walked up to the counter and declared my ignorance, and then everyone in the shop just started helping me. It was kinda amazing.But, if you'd like a little guidance before your first trip, here are the deets:1. Check their hours. They're seriously insane.2. Get some cash. But if you forget, they do have an ATM inside.3. Check out the pictures on Yelp - I added the menu. Take a look and try to prepare yourself.4. Walk up to the counter, and let the friendly service begin! They'll help point you in the right direction.5. Sample almost anything they have. 6. Buy your amazing meat! I loved the ham salad, smoked ham, smoked turkey, smoked bacon, Ohio cheeses, and sausages.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,12/2/2012,124,232,1,6,7>I had been really craving Italian food and knew about this place....just never put forth the effort of trying it out. I read several reviews about it and was smitten by the word "Lasagna." I ended up going on a Saturday evening. To my surpise, it wasn't very busy at all. We started out with some garlic cheese bread (which was really good....but SO unnecessary as your entree comes with garlic twist bread). The server was really nice and answered all of our questions. She forgot to bring out our salads and brought our meals instead. Not a huge deal since the amount of food there is pretty massive....& she took the salad off the bill. The lasagna was simply amazing! So cheesy.....so saucy......and so BIG! I have a pretty big appetite and generally clean my plate while eating out. I couldnt' come close to finishing this lasagna and had to get a box. They also make cookies, buckeyes and other tasty looking desserts there (which I couldnt handle as I was about to bust!) Maybe next time.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,12/1/2012,62,163,3,5,4>Don't let a couple of negative reviews deter you... T. Murray's is pretty darn good.We came here on a Saturday evening during restaurant week which turned out to be a pretty good deal-- I had a steak with asparagus and "smashed" red potatoes, the bacon and eggs appetizer and the chocolate creme brulee for $20.  Not bad.  My wife ordered a couple of small plates (The mac and cheese, eggplant stack  and pot roast nachos) and a Caesar Salad and we ended up sharing everything.My dinner was pretty good, but I think the highlights of the meal were small plates.  The mac and cheese is freaking awesome--the gruyere is a nice touch and adds interesting flavor to a basic dish.  The nachos were very interesting, too. Using pot roast as the meat definitely changes things up. The Eggplant Stack is definitely unlike anything I've had in Central Ohio.  It's hard to describe--sort of a deconstructed pastaless lasagna?  Not really.  A variation of Moussaka? Sort of.  Anyway, it's good and definitely worth ordering over almost anything else on the menu.My Manhattan was excellent as I would expect and my wife had a lemon vodka thing that was pretty tasty as well.We sat upstairs where it was relatively quiet--I think I'd actually prefer the main dining room as it seems a bit more lively, but your preference may depend on your mood.  There are also a few tables outside.  One off note was the music playing during our visit.  I'd expect from the decor that we'd hear classic jazz or blues, but the mix playing was more of a smooth jazz/Kenny G vibe.  Not the worst thing in the world, but just a little weird.  Kenny G's time has come and gone.  We shouldn't be subjected to him while eating.Oh yeah, one other nice touch--free off street parking in the evening.  Very handy if your spouse doesn't want to walk very far in the dark and if you don't want to park your pride and joy on the street.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2012,11/30/2012,40,101,,9,1>I live up the road from Bel Lago, but have only been in a handful of times.  My wife likes it quite a bit, but I find it to be rather hit & miss.  We both agree that the view is wonderful, particularly in the summer when you can sit on the lanai (semi-outdoor porch) along the Hoover Reservoir.  And the location is tough to beat in terms of ease; it is up the road from our house, and Sunbury Rd doesn't experience the same gridlock as Polaris Parkway (where many of the other area restaurants are).Where we diverge is in the food.  She is a big fan of the menu, particularly the salads, carpaccio, and the pizza.  I tend towards the entrees and sandwiches, so maybe that explains our difference of opinion.  I am not into salads or carpaccio, and I find there pizza decidedly hum-drum (although I do like that it is made in one of those dedicated pizza ovens).  Entrees vary; last time I visited was for lunch and I had chicken rustico with pasta, the chicken was good but the pasta was over-done.Maybe our difference of opinion is explained by the fact that I'm always the one who picks up the bill.  It isn't a very good value.  And it's not that I mind paying for a nice meal; it's just that I find that my enjoyment of Bel Lago's food doesn't really merit the tally at the end of the meal.There's attention paid to wine selection here; beer selection is more limited but not completely neglected.  I got a Brooklyn Blast, which came in a 10oz pour...I didn't think it was a "big" enough beer for the small pour and premium price, but then again that loops us back to my value comment above.Service here is young and always very enthusiastic, but not necessarily extremely skilled.It's a nice place to have in the neighborhood, I'd miss it if it weren't there, and I'll continue to visit occasionally, but it's unlikely to become a regular haunt of mine.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,11/29/2012,28,84,2,5,3>I had not been here for *years* and apparently they dropped the "Inn" off the end of the name...but they are still the Bogey Inn to me.  This place has had quite a makeover too...gone is the astroturf that used to line the floors, replaced with hardwood and a nice granite bar.We actually came here on the Fourth of July cause nothing else was open.  They were apparently having a "retail wine night" where they give it to you at cost.  Hmm... I got a bottle of Franciscan chardonnay and it was $22...not sure where they buy their wine but I've never seen it above $20.  We decided to have an *appetizer* first.  We ordered some nachos.  At first I was like, WTF y'all?  $10 for nachos and you don't even get meat on them?  Then the nachos came out.  I'm not kidding, they were the biggest order I've ever seen in my life.  There were enough for a party--like 20 people or so, baked on a large pizza sheet.  Of course these filled us all up.  What made this even better was that they were AWESOME nachos, like OMFG good.  So the bartender comes over and was like, "Ugh, so, are you not ordering dinner?  What's goin on, just gonna booze on empty stomachs?"  I was like "Ugh, those nachos were too big we're not hungry anymore."  So she stormed off.  A little while later my friend and I split a caesar salad with salmon and my other friend got fish tacos.  The caesar salad was also HUGE--my 1/2 of it was the size of an olive garden communal salad.  I thought I was on hidden video.  I LOATHE wasting food, so this actually upset me.  Anyway, I didn't eat it all and it went in the trash.  It was alright.   My friend's fish tacos looked awful and he said they weren't very good anyway.PLEASE restaurants, quit serving such large portions... I know you think it's "cool" to serve monster sizes, but it's not.  It's wasteful.  Kthxbye.Also, get this, they will recork the wine for you for free and you get to take home what you don't drink!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,11/28/2012,142,94,3,3,3>I love the Drexel's throw-back retro style movie going experience. It's the heart of Bexley and an amazing landmark that this city can be proud of. If you enjoy independent films and a great movie going experience... roll on over to experience this place, which has been run as a not-for-profit for the last few years.Now, when you arrive - don't expect stadium seating... but let's be real here... you aren't going to need it. If you have someone in front of you, blocking your view of the screen, get up and move. Do expect for the staff to be friendly and glad to have you visit them.The main theater is just beautiful - and reminds a movie-goer of a time when theaters were palaces of entertainment and movie stars exuded glamour.Check out their selections and swing by and catch a film!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,11/27/2012,12,51,2,4,3>Do you really need another review telling you why Pistacia Vera is awesome?  Yes, yes you do.Pistacia Vera makes the most delicate and delicious baked goods I have ever had.  Light and airy Parisian-style macarons.  Amazing layered dacquoise cakes.  Fruit tarts that will blow your mind.  A chocolate bombe which looks so amazing, I'm afraid to try it because it might truly be the stuff of legend: actual death by chocolate.  Their coffee is full-bodied and strong enough to really complement the sweet desserts.   The espresso drinks are always top-notch.  Heck, even their candy is delicious.  They make these otherworldly cashew butter caramels that literally melt in your mouth.   Only the $12-per-box price tag is enough to keep me from wolfing them down in one sitting.  Their storefront is, of course, lovely as well.  Floor-to-ceiling windows bring in beautiful light and allow for excellent people watching.  Their bathroom is totally gorgeous and belongs in a design magazine, not in a restaurant.  I think the only thing that I am not a raving fan about is their brunch.  I ordered a bacon, onion and spinach quiche, which had a thick, savory filling, but the crust wasn't very good.  (Disclaimer:  I'm really picky about crust.)  It was kind of dry and bland, and not what I'd expect from a place with otherwise amazing baked goods.  It wasn't overly disappointing, but next time I'll stick to the flaky and buttery pan au chocolat that's never let me down.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,11/26/2012,31,164,2,4,4>After seeing the positive reviews on Yelp for Bono Pizza, I took a peek at their menu online and was delighted to see a cheeseless option -- the Barcelona, with "Italian tomato sauce, fresh basil, roasted red peppers, garlic, eggplant, more and more garlic...."I'm a garlic lover. I'm so much of a garlic lover that I double it in recipes that call for it. That when I'm cooking with garlic, I nibble at itty bitty raw slices. That I don't even shy away from garlic breath. Not joking. So if there's not just garlic but "more and more garlic" on the pizza, then I'm so there.I'm not just a garlic lover but apparently a dork. It took me three tries to actually find the place. Found the parking lot and the convenience store just fine, but I didn't realize you were supposed to enter *through* the convenience store to get there. You can't see it through the store windows because it's tucked sneakily into an invisible corner. No one ever worked so hard to be a best-kept secret!And so I had a couple of silly moments where I was wandering around the more vacant corners of the building, which was, at the time, surrounded by construction equipment. Turned out they were closed while under construction anyway.When I finally found it, I was charmed. Just an adorable little alcove full of pizza smells and warmth. The oven kept the tiny room a perfect temperature for that chilly, windy night. And the people were just so friendly and attentive, I almost felt like I was a guest in their dining room. The counter seating is ideal for solo diners of both the sociable and the not-so-much varieties, and the two tables can probably make couples feel like they're in a private corner when they're only an arm's width off. I liked the mirror on the back wall that lets you see inside the oven if you're sitting at the counter.I got my Barcelona to go, though, and boy was it tasty. No disappointment in the garlic area whatsoever. The sauce was divine and the crust hit the spot. The only problem was that there was not enough "there" there. It was a $10 pizza that came nowhere near to filling me up. Not even close. I imagine that the cheese pizzas are more filling, but the cheeseless Barcelona really needs something more to build it up. While I wouldn't say no to still more garlic, I suspect perhaps some kind of dense veggie would be better -- portobello, maybe? Dunno. The pizza crafters at Bono could probably come up with something.I will go back if I end up with a pizza lover to take out who doesn't know about Bono yet. It's totally the kind of place that you show off to people so they can say, "Wow! How did you ever find this place?!" Being hard to find isn't enough; it wouldn't be that kind of place if it weren't good. But sadly, it's not a great value for us cheese-free folks.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,11/25/2012,138,148,2,2,3>Scored Yelp Dukedom with tonight's visit... Hey, I'm a firm believer in the philosophy of a ruling class. Especially since I rule.....I have the G-burger dream fortnightly and it must be fufilled or I will suffer the torment of the hells. So a beautiful cool Monday night takes me to my burger mecca on the NW side for the original Graffiti burger with their house made slaw, small fries and green tea.My order came out in good time, fresh, hot and it was like Pavlov rang the bell, droolin' good food. Enjoyed watching the steady mix of families enjoying the good food and great weather while sitting at one of their outdoor sidewalk tables along two sides of the building.Ahhh G-burger you're always a good thing in my dreams and in reality....
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,11/24/2012,29,258,2,3,2>I always find myself here in a rain storm. No idea why, but it always happens. I think Im getting to the point where it'll rain and Ill find myself grabbing the keys. THey have a few different paths to walk the dog, none of which are a true path. One is for runners; it goes..and goes..and eventually you need to turn around and head back. The other eventually just leads you onto a neighborhood street behind some guys house. There's always a game going on now. I watched a frisbe game the other day, and a soccer game the other week. Lots of people...pretty much all the time. My fav is the pond(s). The pup really likes the geese, although I wish the geese would yell or honk at her sometimes to get her to stop bugging them. I feel bad. She's has 3 bunnys at home that she swears are her babies. So whenever she see's a furry thing..or geese now, she goes nuts. Such a pretty park, & theres always something going on. You can grill here too. The actuall park of roses I havent seen yet since it's been too hot and its killing most of the flowers. When you first drive up, its behind the building you see from the street. Just park in the lot right there. If you drive down further youll see the ponds and the trails.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2012,11/23/2012,63,141,7,5,5>This has to be one of the most random places in all of Columbus. We were looking for a gay friendly, cheap,  Westside(ish) bar with a patio to spend our evening and this is what we came up with. It easily lived up to those requirements.The bar looks super sketchy on the outside, next to a trailerpark on Greenlawn with no windows and a sign that reminds you the property is under 24 hour surveillance. The large bar area with pool tables is dark and everything is slightly sticky, like a frat party. The crowd is odd, but super nice and we quickly made friends with the bartender and some of the regulars. It was necessary to befriend the regulars because the bartender was MIA at first and it was the only way you could get a drink... however once you make your presence known, you just had to hollar at her that you are going up to the bar and she follows you up to get you your drink. On your way back to patio, there is a strange little dance area with strobe lighting that was completely deserted. The patio is huge, but seating is a random assortment of mismatched bar stools and picnic tables. There is a sand volleyball court in the back that is home to three of largest prairie dogs I have ever seen. Beer is 6 bottles for $10.00, served in a bucket of ice. They have a limited menu, which is even more limited because they were out of almost everything. The cheese pizza, which I assume was frozen, was actually really good.By 10:30, we were 2 buckets in and the drag queens started showing up. I mean, how much better could this get? As a bonus, the bathrooms are passable though the entire place needs a good scrub and I would hate to see it with all the lights turned on. Best part? This place is so much of a dive-- no hipsters! Not even ironic ones. One enjoyable evening.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,11/22/2012,115,131,,8,4>The same delicious food you're used to from the downtown location, but without all of the traffic, hustle and bustle of being downtown!As the name implies, the food is fresh and absolutely delicious! Kind of like a chipotle or Piada with an Asian twist; Fresh 50 is a great way to get a pretty healthy lunch at a very reasonable price.This location is definitely smaller than its downtown counterpart, and has less patio seating, but the interior is beautifully decorated with gorgeous wood trim everywhere.I had tweeted that I was going to eat at the location about 15 minutes before getting there, and while I was there the manager, Vince, came up and asked if I was the one who had tweeted I would be there (referred to me by name via the tweet).  When I told him I was, he let me know he appreciated the business and asked me how I liked the location and food compared to the downtown location.  He mentioned that Joe, the owner of Fresh 50, had said I had been in their downtown location a few times.  It was a pretty cool touch to be known and have the manager personally introduce himself.Since it's only about 15 minutes from work, and very affordable, I'll definitely be back often for lunch (and some dinners) and will most definitely be bringing friends and co-workers!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,11/21/2012,363,423,,6,5>I just happened to stumble upon this restaurant today after getting my oil changed down the street.  It's a smallish place located in a former Captain D's.....which it still looks like from the outside.  It's almost right across from the Hollywood Casino.  Boy do they have a great spot to start a business....Inside?  Nice modern decor, tastefully done and comfortable.  Tables and booths both.  Seats about 60 people.  The menu is a very small one which consists of Cambodian, Thai and Viet Namese dishes.  There's not a huge selection but there is enough that anyone should be able to find something to try.  I figured I'd cut to the chase with my ordering so I asked for a recommendation.....Pho, the server said with no hesitation, so Pho it was!  Best Pho I've ever had.  Huge bowl of so many different flavors, you know, everything good Pho should have.  We've got shrimp, tripe, meatballs, squid, mystery meat, cilantro, lime, rice noodles, bean sprouts, scallions, and a few other things I decided not to ask about.....it was so good!I raved to the server, Dee, who is also the owner, that I'd have to tell my brother so he could take his family there too....being the foodies they are.  She was so nice and helpful about everything, so I'll be sure to ask for her again next time.She also gave me a $5 gift certificate for later....real nice considering that my bill was only $11 to begin with.  Yes I will be back!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,11/20/2012,129,17,14,9,8>Ok, taking me back to why I used to love Benihanas and Red Lobster. Not because of the food. I mean, at Red Lobster the food could have been cardboard with crayon-colored tones to give the illusion that I was supposed to care about it, and I still would have been ecstatic. Why? BECAUSE I GET TO TAKE THE LIGHTHOUSE GLASS WITH MY SHIRLEY TEMPLE IN IT HOME. Everything about the Grass Skirt Tiki Room went up twelve points (abstract measure of yay) when I found out I got to keep the Tiki cup.  Keep that in mind moving forward, because there are alligators ahead. One of the big gotchas was parking. There's a parking lot next to the restaurant. I used to park there now and then when I worked off of High St. (professionally, not moonlighting on a bench).  The rate was 3 bucks, sometimes. The sign is the same from five years ago, claiming $3 for daytime, $2 for night. The machine you use to pay now says $5. This is a little weird. Central Parking Systems problem, not Grass Skirt, I know, but still, beware. Next, we voyage into the dark unknown.  No seriously, it's dark. Bring a flashlight. If you run into a server they'll be very polite about it and no less welcoming. Service is completely about promptness and efficiency. I'm not asking for a song and dance, mind you, but our server seemed a little rushed. He was still on point with most things and gave a good vibe about food options that were preferable. The drink special was a $3 spiced rum and 7. It was tasty but a little lightly poured. Let's talk about drink expectations: When I go to Betty's, Surly, Tip-top, and Dirty Franks, and I order the $3 drink, I get a drink that will try to kill me. I mean that with absolute reverence and love. The drink will appear and I will cry because it's just the right blend of sugar and alcohol to make me think I stumbled into being five years old again and fell face-first into the boy scout bug juice. This drink did not do that. This drink made me think I was on a remote island, enjoying the sun, and suddenly a storm washed over and dumped me back at the restaurant. It was heavy on the rocks, low on the drink. Things I've learned from bartenders: don't complain about the drink pours unless you know the policy of the bar. Skully's pours precise. Axis pours like you don't want to remember what you ordered and don't care. Typically Lessner-grade bars pour precise and elegantly. This felt like I was shorted. It was elegant, but slim. I've got enough opportunities in my life to buy skinny jeans, I'll take my drinks boot cut, straight, or even loose/relaxed. The tiki cup pour was far healthier, and I will say getting to keep the cup makes it feel as though I got a $5 drink with a $2.50 cup, which feels great. That makes me suspicious though that the lean is towards the tiki pours. Food! Ah yes, we did eat. So, the Spam is delicious. I never thought I would ever utter that phrase in any way again. My wife was unenthused, but I could not stop eating the little cute sammich (yes, sammich) on a Hawaiian bun.  The Hawaiian burger was equally tasty, though strangely half the patty tasted more tender than the other. For a 1.5" diameter patty, that's weird. Our server was pretty sure the Sweet Potato Fries would fill us up, and I think if only one of us were to eat the serving we were given, he would have been correct. For sharing, the fries are a good add-on, about the contents of one sweet potato. They were perfectly prepared and the dip was tasty. Definitely a do-over. Alas, we were still hungry after all the little teeny burgers, so we ordered the chicken salad sandwiches. Presentation on these was adorable.  Pineapple chunks in the center of each pile of salad, with the bun tops set off to the back at an angle to give the feeling of a hood being pushed up so you can see the quality of the engine of the car you bought. The chicken salad itself was a good consistency, no weird chewy chicken surprises as I'm used to with other chicken salads, and the mix was great overall. Flavor-wise it was bland, and left me thinking "well... that was nice?"After attempting to close out our bill twice, we paid and left. I'm pretty sure I'll return, but I do hope the kinks get worked out. They usually do with places like this, and I think there's some good possibility. There may be a need for a few revisions to the menu, and the drink menu is still in the works. Overall, I left with an adorable blue cup, and some fond memories of a dim room with some good food. I'm pretty sure my wife was sitting next to me, but I forgot my flashlight, so I'll have to ask to be sure.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,11/19/2012,68,133,,4,1>Ah, good old Al's...another childhood favorite that has stood the test of time. They've been at this location forever, and the only thing that has changed is the exponential increase in the number of flavors. If you can dream up a flavor, you can find it for sale here. I've always been partial to cinnamon, but others I crave on a near-daily basis are jalapeno cheddar, cookies and cream, grape (seriously), salt and vinegar, and pickle.  Props to the boys in the back who come up with these flavors. I'm sure they are both brilliant and slightly "mad" popcorn scientists. Ask the awesome staff for as many samples as you want, and they will gladly keep dipping the scoop into the tins to find something you like. Yes, the final product is a bit expensive, but well worth it. When you sit down on your couch, shove handful after handful of sweet, crunchy goodness down your piehole, and an hour later stare in absolute amazement at the empty bag next to you, you will realize that it was money well spent.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,11/18/2012,32,126,3,3,2>I had a great experience on my first visit to The Wine Guy.   We arrived at around 9 on a Monday and were greeted by a door bearing mixed signals.  The hours said they closed at 8, but the big board outside said open and it was unlocked.  They seated us immediately, and without a hint of haughtiness.  (Bonus!)  There were only a couple other customers, and we closed the place down.A friend had said that the service was iffy, but I did not see that at all.  Our server was great.  Since we were first-timers, she took time to explain the menu and the flights.  (Four 2 oz glasses)  I went with the International flight, which was four reds.  For muchies, we ordered the antipasti, which had broccoli, asparagus, squash, olives, and happiness.  It was plenty for us to pick at as we sampled the wine.Three of the four wines in my flight were awesome.  One was toasted death.  A little too leathery for me.  But I'll take 3 to 1 odds, awesome vs. death.  Because dessert is the true test of a quality establishment, I tried the chocolate mousse.  Served in a flute, it was fluffy and airy cocoa sweetness, much like a girl I once knew.  It was pretty good.The decor and layout are nice, with lots of windows and openness.  There is a tapestry that is terribly out of place and very kitchy Ohio, but other than that, it is warm and sophisticated.  I did not peruse the shop section, but it appeared to be a good and well organized selection.With the Creekside location, great service, and good food, The Wine Guy kicks the Wine Bistro (on 23)'s butt.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,11/17/2012,19,222,,7,5>Had lunch here with a colleague.  I'm always looking for new and different dining experiences.   First off, this is a family run business.  I love that.   They put forth an extra effort to make your dining experience pleasurable.  They were eager to share with you about their restuarant, its food and a little about their culture as well.  At one point, the owner's wife pulled out a colorful recipe book and share with us about one of the spices in the meal.   All that made for a wonderful dining experience for me.   As I write this, the restuarant is fairly new (only open a little more than a month).  Inside is modest, but quite comfortable.   They have a traditional seating area on an elevated floor, surrounded by pillows, for those who wish to immerse themselves further into their dining experience.  The restuarant is very clean and located in a popular strip mall location with plenty of parking available.   The menu offers a variety of traditional Persian faire.   They offer select luncheon specials off of their regular menu for $7.95.   I tried one of the Persian stews and absoulely loved it.   The dish was flavorful, tasty and quite filling without being a huge portion size. The wait staff were also very eager to guide us through the menu and make recommendations.  My water glass was never empty, which is important to me.   All their staff were very personable and demonstrated that they wanted to make the experience a positive on for us.I definitely plan to return back to this one again!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2012,11/15/2012,134,190,5,4,3>After years of living in the Columbus area, and driving very close to the Shrum Mound, I finally took some time to stop by and explore.Honestly, the first thing I thought was the end of the movie Poltergeist, where the lead character is yelling about removing the headstones but not removing the bodies.  Luckily, no bodies were moved, and I'm pretty sure there weren't headstones. Whew!No ghosts, no haunting, except for the way you feel when you know that you're walking on history.I took a few pictures, which I'll post at some point, but honestly, it's just a tall mound, covered with grass, with a walkway containing "steps" on each side. There are a few historical plaques and signs, a nice stone entryway, with a tree dead-center in the middle as you look down from the top of the mound. I'm not sure if this was designed this way, or if it just happened, but it's pretty cool.I walked all the way around, noticed the huge trees, the grass, a few pieces of litter here and there, and the stone wall around the perimeter. There's not just a pretty stone wall, but there's also a fence with the typical warning signs insisting that you not cross over.  There's a large body of water on the other side, and I'm pretty sure you want to avoid it.  Being extra bad at geography, I have no clue what the water represents, but I was there for the mound, and so the fences kept me there.I really didn't spend a lot of time, but I tried to avoid the mud and water near the entrance, attempted to capture the essence of age with my camera, walked to the top of the mound, looked down, said "huh," then climbed down, and drove away.I'm pretty sure if you went with someone who knew something about the ancient civilization, or knew something yourself, you'd have a slightly more fun experience. In my Disney-wasted mind, I imagine someone telling me that this 2,000 year old civilization actually had flying cars, crime numbers similar to modern-day Columbus, and had a mystical reason for burying folks in mounds rather than in individual graves. Sadly, none of my fantasy dreams came true, and I ended up leaving feeling a little cheated by the whole experience.The mound and associated park is free to visit, with ample parking out front, and none of the standard amenities you'd expect in a park.  In other words? Pee before you go. There are a few backless benches, a few rocks, and...that's about it. I guess if you wanted to have a picnic in the grass around the mound, no one would stop you, but would that be creepy?  Possibly. Then again, you don't know that there aren't smaller, less moundy burial mounds everywhere you try to place your blanket and basket, do you?I was actually more impressed with the large tree off to the left when you first walk in, which grew strange, but very large. Again, I imagined this tree growing better given hundreds of years, and extra potassium. Soylent Green is people!I'd say go to visit, bring your friends, spend a few minutes admiring the mound, then head out. If you research and review the mound before you head out, you can have interesting conversations about the official details behind this site, and can avoid the flying cars fiasco.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,11/14/2012,74,85,2,5,3>How I hadn't eaten at Ray Rays until my sixth year in Columbus is beyond me. This place is AMAZING. Like, the most delicious stuff in your mouth ever. I have had three main items at Ray Rays, the pulled pork sandwich, the brisket sandwich, and the Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich. And I have absolutely been obsessed with all three. The sauce on the brisket and pulled pork is heavenly. It has an apple flavor that is unmatched. I've never had anything like it. The bread they put their sandwiches on is out of this world and works perfectly with the meat.As for the sides, the mac and cheese is sooo cheesey and good, the baked beans were Scorching hot but SO delicious with chunks of meat in them! And the cole slaw was, well, just great. Just so great. Everything you order here will be a winner. I suggest the brisket the first time, I don't know, it's just phenomenal. Everything really is, though! I was pleased to know that they do take credit/debit cards. I'm always worried that food trucks won't take my card, and I never carry cash-so that is something to note! They also let you sit in the back patio of Ace of Cups to eat if you please, free of charge! This is a Columbus staple that I believe every person who lives in the area needs to try, but beware, you'll be hooked on this BBQ!!!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,11/13/2012,167,69,4,6,5>What a lovely little bar, and clever too how it used to be a house. It is one of the most welcoming bars I have been too. I do not feel like I am being judged in a negative context, everyone is there to socialize, hang out, and just have a good time. I have only been there a few times and each time I had a blast. The best part of Club D is their out door patio. This is one great patio to socialize and have some great conversation. The music is not to loud but loud enough you can bob your head to it if you'd like. All in all its a great neighborhood bar to walk too, gay or straight do not matter. I wish I lived closer to casually stop by more often.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,11/12/2012,53,580,2,3,3>I haven't been to Piada since last fall and I hadn't made it to the campus one since its opening month.  I love this place but it is not close enough for me to be a regular (but then I like too many place to be a regular anywhere).  I actually thought it was better than I remember.  I really love their new idea of you Pick two.  One can choose a small Piada (wrap), soup, salad, or pasta bowl. I love the veggies that I can get on my Piada.  My staples are artichokes, eggplant, and spinach.  I love these veggies and I rarely buy them for my home because I don't how to prepare them and they always go bad before I use them all.  I like the Diavolo sauce but it isn't all that spicy.  I wish it was a little hotter but then I do get the full flavor of my veggies.  I f the price of chicken wasn't so close to a vegetarian Piada, I would probably just get the veggie.  It is only around $.40 difference so why not get Chicken.  They also have calamari, salmon, steak options.  I like the choices as the variety sets it apart from Chipotle.  This Piada still does a great job of putting the toppings on the Piada, I would say better than the Gahana one.   I could switch between Chipotle, Piada, and Tava and never get tired of each.  The concept is great and casual.  I am a little worried since their prices seem to slowly creep up to restaurant prices.  They need to keep their meals around $7.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,11/11/2012,29,60,,6,3>Hidden gem at the heart of Canal Winchester. Went there for lunch, and was surprised to see the quality of the crepe, especially here in the small town of Canal Winchester. It was the right thickness, still got that crispiness on the side and that softness at the center. I ordered the ham and cheese crepe, my friend ordered the pizza crepe and they were both delicious. After the delicious treat, our stomach were asking for more and we could not resist the sweet crepe, so there you go, a traditional crepe with banana, nutella and pecans. Again, far from disappointing. The place is small yet cozy, a typical local restaurant shop which gives them a unique touch as well. Limited tables but during a great summer time, you can bring your food to a small park just opposite the establishment and enjoy your crepe under the sunshine.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,11/10/2012,118,70,3,4,2>Excellent new place downtown! Very tasty and creative menu! Decor is over-the-top and very original! Plus the repurposed, 50 year-old neon sign is awesome! I tried kangaroo meat for the first time and I must say, I'm a fan! I've been thinking about 'hopping' back for some more very soon! Pastas and daily specials are delicious as well as the live music. I can't say anything bad about the menu; very original. Service was first rate! The owners are so focused on detail they even have the scent from the Waldorf Astoria hotels pumped into the air (I could never forget that scent). Adds to the great atmosphere of this place (plus a point of trivia, although your dinner companions will probably look at you funny). I would recommend dressing up a bit, but really not required. Great place for romance or friends. A funny story to share...only thing I didn't like was the Men's restroom (although extremely clean). It was decorated like something out of horror movie or The Shining with red paint in blood splatters. I'm not kidding! It looked as if the walls were bleeding. I was waiting to hear the Psycho theme come on or something. It was crazy and couldn't wait to get out of there. A great laugh to share when I got back to the table. Who judges a restaurant on the restroom decor anyway? Haven't tried breakfast yet, but I'm told it's great!Wine prices are a little high. Decent wine list, but I would get some cocktails due to the double+ retail wine prices; awesome bar selection!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,11/9/2012,34,61,,5,4>Great prices for some home style breakfast food.  It's an obscure location that I would never have ventured looking for breakfast without a reference, but I'll definitely be back now!For $5-6, you can get all the traditional breakfast cookings.  I got 2 eggs, hashbrowns, toast, and bacon.  My husband got the breakfast wrap that was massive with eggs, hashbrowns, sausage, and veggies inside.  Both were delicious and well-prepared.  Legit hashbrowns--not the frozen cubed potatoes.They also have all the coffee type stuff you could want.  I was told the hot coffee was very good and I enjoyed an iced vanilla latte.Not crowded, friendly staff, and the right price!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,11/8/2012,51,317,12,14,12>When I first heard of Ajumama, "A Korean food truck?  Here in Columbus?  Hmmm....  we'll see how this goes."  Keep in mind that I get asked on a regular basis "Are you NORTH Korean or SOUTH Korean?"  AKA "Do I HATE you or do I LIKE you?"  Seriously people.  I'm American.  Born and raised in the Midwest.  I'm proud of my Korean heritage, but seriously, are you going to start judging that quickly?  On that note, I wonder if anyone has asked the food truck people if they're North or South.So I wasn't sure how how well the Ajumama truck would be received - or if the food would be good.  But I was curious anyway.  I love pajeon.  Off to Dinin' Hall I went to go check it out.  There was no "ajuma" at the truck that day, but that's ok - I wasn't expecting one anyway.  A very nice guy took my order (twe pajeon) and it came out very speedily.  As pajeon goes, this stuff was very good!  Crispy and yummy and oily.  Just the way it's supposed to be.   I'm interested to see if they are going to have other specials in the future...  maybe kimchi jeon????  I'll be back for more!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/7/2012,42,300,1,12,6>I've been here about 6 times now and have sampled almost everything on the menu.  Things have been great for the most part except one time when the hostesses completely screwed our party telling us the wait time was 10 minutes while we waited almost an hour and a half.  This place is great, they just need to work on what to do when they have groups larger than 6, which is the biggest their tables can seat.  I would love to bring my extended family here if they could seat large groups better!I'm not one of these whiney hipsters that gets upset, never says anything, then goes home and writes a bad review.  I tell someone if I have a problem, I'm a tough customer but faithful if you treat me well.  Kendra and Thad took care of use and made things right.  I suggest talking to either one of them if you have any issues, don't get mad over something not right, they will work hard to take care of you!Let's start with the beers....they change fast.  My first time I had a Victory Festbier which was awesome...the next time I went the menu changed.  I then had something from somewhere else and it too was gone next time as well.  This is good and bad...  Good because you get to try new stuff all the time...bad because if you find something you like it might not be back!  This too can happen with the menu as it will be changing 4 times a year.  One of my favorite parts of the menu...everything is $15 or less.  The food is way underpriced...I've paid more than double for shitty appetizers at chain restaurants as well as entrees.  This place is a bargain based on the taste, quality, and portion of food.  As with all of my reviews, I'm a local kinda guy and this place buys local and serves local.  Here is what I think of the current menu:Appetizers.  The butternut squash perogies are pretty much like crack...so good you can't stop yourself from eating more.  We get this every time we come in.Loaded tater tots...pretty darn good.Deviled eggs...this is actually the only thing on the menu I didn't like.  I disliked it so much I complained and they took it off my bill.  They just tasted odd to me.  I was so excited this was on the menu as I loved deviled eggs.  Everything else on the menu has been done well and different...these may be a bit too much different.  I would gladly give them my grandma's recipe and I bet in a blind taste test they'd win.  Soups and Salads.  The Ale and Cheddar soup is amazing.  I've only ever had soup like this at a place in Michigan where it was $150 for my wife and I to eat.  It's got a very interesting, thick, almost grainy consistency to it...a very hearty soup.  The pork croutons are just icing on the cake.  My wife and I usually split the bowl.The wedge salad is almost a meal in itself...it definitely is if you add grilled chicken.  And adding chicken doesn't mean just a tiny bit of dry chicken...this chicken is spiced right, cooked right with lots of flavor and is as big as two of the chicken patties on a McDonalds fried chicken sandwhich.  The salad is fresh, green, with just the right amount of toppings.  My wife gets this every time and she can cut it right down the middle and split it with someone else easily.Sandwhiches.  The 101 burger is huge, and great...but go to a burger joint, try the other food here.  The grilled salmon burger is pretty darn good, big dark bread, big piece of salmon, i ended up with half a sandwhich the next day for lunch.The pork schnitzel was the first thing I tried and while it was good, it wasn't my thing.  It too was huge.The Autumn grilled cheese is very different and a good choice for lunch.  You get two sandwhiches, lots of onions and cheese...my kids like the beet chips but I love the fries here so I have them swapped out.  The Harvest pizza is amazing...sweet and salty, lots of flavor.  The Forest pizza is great too.  I wish you could order then thin crust and crispyThe Baslamic Marinated Steak is probably the best thing on the menu.  This thing has so much flavor and is so tender it almost melts in your mouth.  The Herb Roasted Chicken is so full of flavor I'm not sure how they did it...the chicken they put on the salads is similar, but this has more to it.  This is also one of my wife's favoritesThe kids menu is amazing.  They serve them on orange trays and let the kids pick from an assortment of sides.  Our kids usually share one meal and get fries and apple slices as a side, then we have them switch the dessert for grapes.  My one daughter is gluten free so they will make her grilled chicken at no extra charge if she wants.The desserts are awesome.  The chocolate mouse is thick and rich.  The pumpkin bread pudding is one of the best bread puddings I've had.  The salted caramel pot du creme is like a creme brule without the carmelized top...and it has big pieces of rock salt on the top.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,11/6/2012,185,387,5,14,8>Places like Curio are why I moved to German Village. I want to be here all the time. The space is cozy, hip, whimsical, and nostalgic. There's a gorgeous men's hat in a curio cabinet (what else?) that glows with radiant peculiarity. There's little conversation nooks, low lighting. Mystery! Intrigue!Come here with a date, but call it a  "secret rendezvous" or "illicit affair" to make it more interesting. Come with a few good friends and discuss your various illicit affairs and secret rendevous. Or, come with a group. You'll feel like you made your own house party in the coolest house ever, possibly one described in a young adult novel about orphaned children with magical powers or something. The drinks are good. Strong! Not necessarily strong with alcohol flavor (though there is that, too, depending on your order). But bright with fresh herbs, fruit, or whatever ology your mixer employs. If cocktails are a little expensive, don't fret. They are worth it. These drinks are "created," not made. My Rob Roy was flavorful enough to last me over an hour of sipping and chatting. One and done, I'm so glad I live nearby. Curio will be my den in the wintertime, I can feel it.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/4/2012,370,523,2,14,9>The new shelter facility off Tamarack is nothing less than 5 stars. Now that they have so much room (enough for more than 200 dogs) they no longer euthanize dogs on the adoption floor. :) This shelter has so much to offer.Don't be fooled by the nice digs. They still need volunteers and donations. I found the shelter after I went wild at Walgreens buying $1.99 fleece blankets for the pups at the shelter. They need soft stuff too! I recently started volunteering for friends of the shelter (the group that saves the sick and injured dogs by paying their extra medical care) in the shelter's retail shop. Everything in the store is donated (they have lots of new and used stuff) and it's ALL priced below retail. 100% goes the help the sick dogs that would otherwise be euthanized. They're open on weekends.Every other Saturday is mingle with the mutts where you can meet adoptable dogs from many different rescues. They have a community room for meetings, a community pet food pantry (for those who need help with pet food costs), and a pet surrender facility. IF your dog is found and it's microchipped, the shelter will contact you that they have your dog. How nice is that!?Anyway, it's a great facility and they really care about the dogs. They have lots of outside areas for the dogs to play and you can come in as much as you want to see the dogs. If you're interested in adopting, fill out an application before you go so if you find a dog you like, you can see him/her right away. Otherwise, they'll make you fill one out before you get one on one time with the dog.  They will allow you to put a 24 hold on a dog if you need time to think. Dogs under 5 years are $117, dogs over 5 are $67. Believe me, for what you get (a forever friend) it's well worth it. Before you go to a pet store or breeder, check the shelter! They have pure breds too! So you know, the description they gave us oof our dog when we got him was really nothing like he actually is. haha
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,11/3/2012,19,189,,4,3>India Oak is a fantastic restaurant that really show cases what Clintonville, is about or really in that matter independently owned restaurants. Places like this are what make me love going out to eat. The food here is not pretentious, and it the bar is not trying to be something it is not, there are not 50 beers on tap, or a huge selection of top liquors available. What  India Oak has is a fantastic happy hour and pretty damn good sandwiches that are made fresh to order on an amazing bread. I can't tell you how much of a fan I am of this bread, I have no idea where they get it, but it is buttery, and has these little poppy seed or seasme seeds on the top that add a nice crunch. The meats are fresh cut and thrown on a flat top to get a little bit of a crunch to them, add some crisp veggies and you are good to go  ! The Italian is wonderful and so is the club. Drive out to this bar, and sit down on a nice patio, enjoy two dollar drafts and a fresh made sandwich you won't be disappointed.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/2/2012,99,131,8,7,5>I like it A LOT! My wife has been going for over a year; I have been going for about 4 months! My wife looks amazing. I mean HOT!  Now she did have a pretty solid body before starting crossfit but now she is chiseled and stronger. On some of the exercises she will lift more than me and then rubs it in my face. I have def seen an improvement in my body and strength as well. I go about 3-4 days a week and the wife goes 5-6 (she is a bit more dedicated.)I know that crossfit might be intimidating to some but everything is scaled down to your level. You will NOT find any treadmills here. You will find kettle bells, medicine balls, pull up bars, hanging rings and lots and lots of bar bells and weights. A great saying at the gym, "you will lift heavy shit and get good at it", which is true. A lot of the lifts are derived from squatting, but for some crazy reason your entire body gets a work out. Now the price- I have two feelings on this. First it is expensive. It is NOT your 49.99 a month Urban Active crap. It is a bit pricey. Second- every work out you do it is like having a personal trainer there to help you.  They will teach you proper technique so you won't kill yourself and if you are doing it wrong they will assist and correct. Add up a month worth of personal training and a gym membership- it's about the same price. Now the rumors- I know you have heard that crossfit may or may not be a cult. I can tell you that it is. It is a freaking cult. But the difference with this cult and those crazy people cults is that it is very accepting and willing to help. We all believe and making ourselves better. Fit club- Some crossfit gyms will just post the WOD (work out of the day) and then you do the WOD on your own. Not here. You do it as a group. The best part of doing it as a group is that each other cheers everyone on. It doesn't matter if you are a first timer or have been there for years, you are doing the WOD as a group and are cheering each other along the way. If you have ever played a sport in college or even in most high schools, the work outs remind you of the off season work outs, yet fun! The only real down side... parking.  That is about to change though! We will be moving in the next month to a new location at the old Cbus impound lot! 10,000 SF! It is going to be awesome and with an abundant amount of parking. One of my buddies who goes here said "I came here to lose weight, I have, I have also gained friends! " You may lose something but you'll gain even more.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,11/1/2012,78,138,6,8,6>This is how cake should be.I haven't had anything else from this bakery but their famous strawberry cake, and I don't necessarily think that I need to, in all honesty.  The strawberry cake is amazing.  It's the spongiest cake you've probably ever had with the lightest, tastiest whipped frosting.  I think that's the key here, this cake doesn't overdo it and go heavy.  It's subtle, unlike me.  Juxtapositions and whatnot.This cake was pretty much my wedding cake...I mean, we had wedding pie, but we had this cake the day after.  That's how much I love this cake.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/31/2012,135,164,,2,4>Love this boutique.  I don't know how so much awesome is packed into one small space.  I visited this place with just the intention of killing some time.  I didn't plan on making any purchases, but I ended up leaving with a pair of shoes and some fun nicknacks.  I loved the stylish clothing items they had.  If I had more time I would've tried on some dresses.  The accessories and random nicknacks were so fun to browse through.  I had to keep telling myself that I didn't need things like soap that looked like doll hands or envelope making templates so that I didn't go completely overboard with my purchses.  I didn't venture upstairs, but I will definitely be back to check it out.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,10/30/2012,107,100,3,6,6>Okay, I have a serious history with this place. Growing up after going to the park my Dad would always take me here and I would get an ice cream cookie sandwich. It had two large chocolate chip cookies, with vanilla ice cream packed in the middle and I remember they were so big you couldn't even open your mouth wide enough to take a full bite. It was amazing, delicious, and is wonderful memory!So anyways, enough of a nostalgic break....I was driving around (after enjoying a game of putt putt) when I noticed that Knight's was still there so I of course stopped and literally skipped to the front door!It is just the same as I remember (which is a good thing). They have a tray full of the ice cream cookie sandwiches, frozen bananas, homemade drumsticks, ice cream cakes, and pints of their ice cream. Then they have their regular tubs of ice cream for single scoops, sundaes, milkshakes, etc. I think they had about 30 flavors available that day (including low calorie and zero sugar options). I went with a waffle cone with a scoop of banana chip and a scoop of blueberry cheesecake ice cream. They were both delicious!!! They have all the regular flavors you would expect plus the mix of unusual which I lean toward!The prices aren't as cheap as UDF, but not as pricey as Jenni's. My two scoops of ice cream on a waffle cone was about $4 or $5.  There are a couple of picnic tables outside and no seating inside, so don't expect an interior like Graeters, but my oh my this place is sure packed with memories and a great time for someplace smaller, more family geared, and some great old fashioned ice cream!!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,10/29/2012,59,193,3,4,4>So they're in an old Taco Bell, but I can't hold that against them, really. I didn't come here for the ambiance and I'm accustomed to finding the best ethnic food in the weirdest locations here. However, part of the reason this isn't five-star is that they really don't even try to make the place look a little nice.Their pho is pretty much the best pho I've ever had. We ordered their roast duck pho and holy crap was it good. The duck was filled with five-spice flavor in addition to the similar spice profile in the soup. I normally don't like poultry in soup, but this was fantastic. On top of the pho we also ordered their dun dun noodles (dan dan?) which were nothing to write home about, really, but were still quite tasty. It could have used just a bit more spicy - it tasted more like American hot than Chinese hot. The crab rangoons that we ordered as a side dish were also quite good, but nothing super special. Overall, I'd say stick with the Vietnamese dishes here.Did I mention how blazing fast this place is? If you're in a hurry, come here instead of Tai's Asian Bistro across the street.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/28/2012,884,714,5,14,16>There is no excuse for it having taken me so long to write a review for Brothers Drake. This is one of the coolest establishments in Columbus as far as I'm concerned. One of the drinking venues/businesses that actually help Columbus stand out from other cities, Brothers Drake makes artisan meads with locally sourced ingredients. They are amazing stewards of the environment, and you can listen to the owners talk about why in person, as they are usually behind the bar or around there somewhere. They take a hardline stance in this regard, refusing to distribute, for instance, because of the environmental impact. I couldn't even do the owner's argument justice if I tried to recount it, so I suggest you just ask him yourself.Since opening, they've expanded their hours to near normal bar hours, installed a little stage where locals play folkish acoustic stuff, amongst some other mellow genres. There is local art on display that rotates regularly, and mead cocktails featuring the liquors of neighbors OYO and Watershed from across the way are accurately priced and delicious (I personally recommend the screaming viking). It has fast become one of the key places I take out-of-towners or locals who live in a box. Columbus wouldn't be the same without it, in my humble opinion. A must see.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,10/27/2012,114,521,2,4,5>Another "quiet" strip mall gem - you'd probably drive past New Chopsticks 10,000 times and never even think about going in there. In fact, I know I would, since that's what I did for the past five years.Then someone mentioned they had a "real" Chinese menu, and not just the normal White Guy Chinese, and I decided it was worth going to try it out.Yeah, I should have stopped in here a long time ago.My fiancee and I came in and were the only white folks in the place for most of our visit. When we went to the counter to order, the woman behind the register tried to cover up the "Chinese menu" with a regular one, but she was pleased when we actually asked to see the other.We tried their spicy salt pork (a personal favorite of mine, and executed really well here) and the beef with bitter melon. Our hosts were...quite surprised...when we ordered it, at least if the sudden Chinese conversation between the hostess and a couple of the guys by the counter was what I think it was about. Bitter melon is, in fact, REALLY bitter, but when combined with the sliced up beef and the savory black bean sauce, it's also really, really good. I'm sure a lot of people would consider this an acquired taste, but if you're curious, you should try it.We also saw them send out clams in black bean sauce and a fish and daikon hot pot stew that looked delicious to another table, and I think we'll be back to try them soon! Interestingly, I noticed that we got served on styrofoam / paper plates, while a family who came in and apparently knew the cooks / hostess got served on more conventional plates. After getting a big seal of approval from the staff for eating the "real" Chinese food, I have to wonder if we might get the better plating, too, next time.As has been mentioned, the place is incredibly minimal decoration and tables, but it works. It feels almost like a pop-up restaurant that's managed to become a permanent installation, and I honestly don't have a problem with a place skipping the decor and focusing 100% on making awesome food.I mentioned we were almost the only white folks in the place...just as we were leaving, a group came in and ordered sesame beef and General Tso's chicken. I cannot tell you how badly I wanted to go up to them and say "Hey, wait, try this..."Oh, well. Maybe they'll give it a chance next time.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,10/26/2012,34,66,,5,5>Hayden Falls is a neat little chink-in-the-wall just west of a bustling shopping center, nestled away in an unassuming riverbank off of Hayden Run.  When I stumbled upon this location a few years back - after having been told that there was a waterfall (!) located in the boroughs of Columbus - I thought it was my own little secret.  But sure enough, the rather dinky lot is usually packed with people coming to fish, spectate, and carve their initials into trees when I pay a visit these days.  This - along with the walkway they added in 2010 - sort of detracts from the former unspoken magic I associated with this place, but I will divulge a few well-kept "secrets."  First, I enjoy coming here on rainy days.  The water level appears to be a bit higher and usually the park is empty.  If you need to get out of the house and want to soak up some ambiance, look no further.  Second, I've incorrigibly visited the park at night once or twice.  I'm not sure this is legal, but coming equipped with a small flashlight and sense of adventure can make for quite the sensory experience.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,10/25/2012,208,222,4,4,4>I hope Columbus gets more places like this! It's a classy cocktail/winebar that could easily be in NYC/Chi/LA. The cocktails are interesting and well-done, the interior design is one of the most sophisticated in cbus & the bar staff are knowledgeable and helpful. My friend had her bday party here and called ahead to ask if they could put together a wine & food pairing party. Even though this is not something they typically do, they were so kind to oblige with four fantastic tasting spreads that went perfectly with our red and whites. The presentation was excellent and the owner came by to personally check on whether we were satisfied with their efforts (which we were!). Also, even though we stayed a bit later on a weeknight, the bartender did not hurry us at all.I will definitely return. This is a particularly fantastic place for dates & celebrating special occasions.I wish more places in Columbus could offer this kind of service.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,10/24/2012,121,124,4,12,6>I recently tried out El Camino, and within a week, I was back.Here's what I loved: - Amazing, hot, delicious--and dare I say authentic--Mexican food. $2 tacos! $4 chips and guac!- Lone Star beer (make sure you stay and play the puzzles underneath the bottle caps!).- Amazing house margaritas that may knock your socks off.- They play vinyl hereWhat I didn't love:Our first time here, the service kind of sucked. We had the same waitress/bartender when we went the second time (this time we sat at the bar though), and it was much better. So I recommend sitting at the bar--more consistent service. We camped out here for four hours on a Sunday night because we got lost in the world of Lone Star bottle caps.If you didn't like El Camino your first time around, I say give it another shot and sit at the bar. The food's too good and too cheap to resist.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,10/23/2012,38,155,,7,2>Checked this out a couple weeks ago with a friend of mine from Malaysia, and it was the first time for both of us. She was pretty excited to see a lot of the foods she grew up with. She explained a lot of the things on the menu to me, but our waitress was nice and also willing to answer additional questions we had.We split a chicken satay appetizer, she had the Laksa and I had the Char Kway Teow Mee (but we tried some of each other's food too). I thought everything was pretty good, and especially liked what I ordered a lot. My Malaysian friend, on the other hand, said it was all closer to "OK." I'd never had Malaysian food before so have nothing to compare it to, but she said it's not as good as what she'd get at home. I'd definitely go again. I'm curious to try some of the other things.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/22/2012,60,266,7,5,4>Unbiased pizza reviewer here.REALLY good pizza, and worth a try, but to be honest, pizza snobs will be... pizza snobs. I'm not touting NY vs Chicago or Midwest, because I am a lover of all that is pizza whether square cut, pie cut, deep, thin, etc.After having terrible hunger pangs for an east coast pizza for nearly three days straight, I decided that last night was THE night to try out Brooklyn pizza, and see what they had to offer the midwestern pizza realm known as Ohio. The strip mall this is located in is slightly hidden from normal sight, but that is Powell for you, which might prove some difficulty for out of towners without a GPS, but luckily, I have a decent sense of direction, which led me right to the goodness. The place is fairly tiny, so I would not recommend bringing a crowd here, but it might be nice for couples, or a small family. Now, on to the BEST part! The pizza is as described by fellow yelpers, foldable, pie cut, very thin, chewy crust, decent italian sauce, but by no means probably handmade, but we're not talking cheapo heart burn city sauce, either. The cheese is great and reminiscent of what goes on a good NY style pie. Service was quick and prompt, and I had my pizza in less than 15 minutes, took is home, and devoured in the same amount of time. My craving satisfied, and boy what a content fat girl I was.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,10/21/2012,31,145,2,7,4>I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch yesterday. I hesitated to pay $10.00 for lunch, but I suppose I typically end up spending the same amount at a chain like Noodles, so this is a great alternative in my mind.I had the lunch combo, a special on the handwritten menu. I was not disappointed. It came with a mini burrito and a couple pieces of quesadilla, it was served with the rice and beans. The rice and beans were tender, flavorful and delicious. I prefer black beans to re-fried, so I was impressed.The burrito and quesadilla were full of powerful and delicious flavors. Their brisket was tender, which is really difficult to do in my opinion. I'm pretty picky about brisket! The quesadilla had chicken AND bacon, and every piece of bacon was like a crispy surprise. Yes, I just said that. I would love to come back and try dinner, but as a lunch spot, it's at least four stars.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/20/2012,18,101,,8,1>Our time at the Refectory was not just a meal - it was truly a fine dining experience.  The host gave us a bit of the history of the building (a 150 year old church!). Our server, Matt, was gracious and personable.  Everyone was so attentive to make sure our Anniversary was spectacular-  even a candle in each of our desserts!But the food - sublime.  Literally ambrosia.  Not just the flavors, but the combination of flavors and the beautiful presentations.  We began our leisurely dinner with the roasted goat cheese and marble of escargot.  The goat cheese was presented with red beets, and although I would never have made the pairing, it was amazing together.  The escargot transported me back to the South of France - it was that good.  I think I made a noise with each bite -mmmmmh.Our next course was gazpacho (not my favorite, but my husband enjoyed it) and artichoke and tomato salad.  Once again, beautifully presented, and a perfect pairing with my riesling.  For our main entrees, I chose the scallops and gambas (essentially, large shrimp), and he selected Filet Mignon.  I cannot vouch for the filet (he said it was amazing), but the scallops were impeccable.  They literally melted in my mouth.  I order the scallops at every restaurant they are an option, and these were the best I have ever had.  And as our server said, now we come to the best part of the evening: dessert.  I had the vanilla bean creme brulee paired with an apricot muscato, and he chose the flourless chocolate torte with a tawny port.  To die for.  Everything was perfect.  We will certainly be back.  A few caveats: this is a very nice restaurant.  Make reservations.  Dress up or you may feel out of place.  Be prepared to spend $200.  Its worth it.  Leave the kids at home, its dimly lit and romantic. Absolutely perfect for a special occasion.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,10/19/2012,21,55,6,4,5>A certain someone took me here for my birthday and it was a good thing I wore my fancy pants with the built-in elastic waist band.  It was about 104 degrees out, so we opted for a table indoors, otherwise the patio would have been ideal.  Service was excellent, the food was memorable and they put a candle in my dessert.Since it was so hot outside we decided to eat light, but a glass of wine laster we tossed that idea out the window and went to town on the menu.  My date and I sampled the beet salad and then the sauteed zucchini with pine nuts and long shaved parm.  A little too much salt on the zucchini, since parm is already salty, but it was covered in cheese and that means we had to eat it.  Mains were a pumpkin gnocchi and then a bucatini with lobster tail in a seafood blush (it was a birthday after all).  A few glasses of snappy Chianti and fruit torte afterwards.  Yumma! Basi has a small, warm and very cozy interior.  DATING ALERT!  Guys, not a first date sort of place, a little too much and your date may think you plan to drop down on one knee and get stupid.  NOT COOL.  So, keep Basi in your deck of restaurant dating cards and bust it out if things are going really well, thinking date four or five!  It is perfectly cool however, to take your Mom here and tell her how awesome she is.Anyway, my date and I both hit max capacity and decided to walk the rest of the night and come back for the car later!  Will be back again.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,10/18/2012,94,224,3,6,4>Checked my Insurance for a list of accepted providers, and this location of Comfort Dental was on it... as with many other nearby dentists of course... but when I called to inquire, the receptionist was sooooooo sweet and friendly on the phone, I decided to book an appointment.See... a little friendly customer service really CAN generate new business!!I digress.... Anyway, I went for an annual check including x-rays followed up with a cleaning 2 days later.  My dentist (Dr Larry Gamby) was the best!!  Super friendly, and explained everything he was doing and answered all my questions.  And his assistant / hygienist for my cleaning was over the top!!  Super friendly and sweet.!!All of this made for a VERY pleasant dental experience.... and how often does that happen....Anyway, This is where I'll be going every 6 months from now on!!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,10/17/2012,50,160,,4,2>I need to try more foods to know for sure, but this is my third trip here and I think I have a pretty good idea of how it is. The food is fairly good, given the price. Yes, I've had better, but it's been at more expensive sit in restaurants.  The customer service is very good, you can tell they really care that you're in, and that means a lot to a diner like myself.  They serve your meals on glass plates, metal silverware, and a waiter comes to bring it out to you and refresh your drinks and plates.  Most meals are between $5-8, and they have a very large menu to select from, complete with appetizers and sides as well.  I've been to this location a couple of times now, and it's good, but not as good as HC Way nearby.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/16/2012,181,124,7,3,2>Oh Milestone 229, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...1) Killer ambience! I mean, come on, beautiful patio seating right on the Scioto Mile with gorgeous views of the fountains? SOLD. If you're social media-inclined, this is also a fantastic spot for some slammin' Instagram photo ops. Sure, some people may find the throngs of kiddos playing in the water to be a tad annoying... but not this girl. Makes for great people watching and prime baby-snatching-plotting (I kid. Kind of.).2) Delish dishes! I've now eaten here for happy hour, dinner and brunch and have only met one dish that I didn't care for (the Four Snacks - a bit of a sub-par plate of randomness). However, I have enjoyed the Bacon-Wrapped Shrimp, Calamari, Hummus, Sea Scallops and French Toast (wow, do I sound like a COW). All were prepared to perfection.3) A+ adult bevs! The beer selection is decent (though I'm no beer connoisseur), and the bloody mary list at brunch is downright extensive and impressive. All drinks are mixed strong, but are not too pungent. 4) Super service! Everyone, from the hostess to the wait staff to the table bussers, exercise polite professionalism and customer-centric service in every thing that they do. Totes a fan of this place. I will make like a crazy girlfriend and stalk the hell out of it.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,10/15/2012,117,189,7,6,6>Because I love this bar....duh.And was informed that the flies were due to the fair - makes perfect sense and now things are peachy!!So come get your half-off til 9 and even enjoy a brunch buffet on Sundays! Brunch and NFL? Count me in!!Oh...and don't order the Ace Cider. It's all mine...alllll miiiiiiine. It allows me to drink a cider....that tastes like wine....but I order on draft in a pint glass. Socially acceptable to order wine at the bar? Yep- this cider makes it look okay. So back off...I call dibs.Go Crew! :)
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,10/14/2012,21,106,2,2,2>As I type my review for Golden Delight, I try to control the amount of drool that weighs down (and cascades off) my lower lip. After all, what's sold here is of the variety back home that my parents get for me on my birthday!This bakery has a modest set-up, but as you can see from the photos that accompany this page, it features an abundance of tasty (and often pastel-colored) Asian goods. Among the goodies on display are small baked buns, steamed buns, sweet toasts, cookies, cream puffs, pudding cakes, cheese cakes, pandan cakes, Filipino rice cakes, and--my favorite--cake rolls! The slices of mocha cake roll that I bought are flavorful but not to excess, and upon my next visit, I will try the green tea cookies and a slice of the signature strawberry cake.Also, I'm so thrilled that I can directly take the #18 COTA bus to the strip mall where this little shop resides!Now, I deduct one star off my rating only because the service was quite slow to accommodate a rapidly growing queue. However, the lone employee present (the owner?) gets tons o' kudos from me for knowing Tagalog; as she explained to me, she is Chinese but was born in the Philippines. :-) Xie xie, and mabuhay!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,10/13/2012,126,38,4,6,2>We've taken our Goldendoodle to several doggie daycares and she definitely seems to like Noah's Too the best. They take great care of the dogs and they seem to have FUN. They also pay attention to the details - when our puppy lost a few baby teeth here, they saved the teeth for me taped to a post-it note! I couldn't believe it. So thoughtful and sweet. Now I can make a puppy tooth necklace. Kidding.One of the best things about this place is that if you board your dog here, they automatically get to play in doggie daycare during the day if you request it - at no additional charge. This makes me feel so much better about boarding our baby when we travel! In short: great staff, good attention to detail, and dogs love spending their days here. As an added bonus, you get a happy, tired-out, well-behaved pooch at home that night. What could be better?
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,10/12/2012,278,274,,7,6>SWOON!Happy, bright, not loud, intimate, great service... and on and on.The other reviewers have it spot on, a "local chain" come to Columbus with 4 other locations outside Franklin County.  It will knock your socks off.The guac is extremely flavorful and not spicy.  You can add your own hot sauce to kick it up if you would like or possibly request an add of fresh jalapenos to it.  It's very smooth, I like mine a bit chunkier, but the flavor trumps all!The chips?  AH-mazing.  Always still hot, not greasy at all.  just awesome.Salsa has a good flavor, again I'd like mine a bit chunkier, but the flavor!! yumI got a vegetarian combo plate with mine, but subbed in a spinach quesadilla. SOOO good.  Not greasy, you could tell the spinach was fresh and not sitting around pre-cooked.  This spinach mix comes with mushroom and onions in it.  ZOMG!  So good with the chihuahua cheese. (picture included)My companion got the quesadilla hawaiianios that featured both chicken and chorizo.  He loved it!  He actually changed to that selection after I asked the server what his favorite thing on the menu was.  (picture included)The server was just awesome - perfectly attentive and my water was always filled.An odd thing to notice, the restrooms were very nicely located.  Not one diner would have to look in on them or the foot traffic thereof.   Very clean.The booths and chairs are darling, colorful and fun!Can't wait for the margaritas and tecate to come in November!!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,10/11/2012,146,161,5,5,3>This is my new stop for mexican food. It's somewhat hidden in this little mall off of Godown (God-own or Go-down?). The interior is filled with ornate chairs and tables. I'm not sure where they found these, or if they carved them by hand, but they are nice touch. The only problem is the chairs take up a good amount of space, so you have to weave your way through the throne-like chairs.Ok, onto the grub. I ordered the "Que me ves" from the "specialities" section, which is 5 tacos with pineapple, onions, peppers, cheese and the delectable al pastor. Beyond amazing. I had eaten a late lunch that day and so I wasn't too hungry. That all went out the window and I devoured my 5 tacos. My only gripe is that they don't have a 10 pack to go. Now my fiance ordered a vegetarian burrito (she's not fond of Mexican food) and she didn't like it. The vegetables had quite a bit of liquid in them which ultimately soaked through the wrap and onto the plate. It wasn't very appetizing. So she went back and ordered some fish tacos (on the recommendation of our friend who loved hers). She really liked them and so she learned a lesson: don't get vegetarian at a restaurant that features al pastor tacos.A bit of advice, if you want insane hot, the stainless steal bowls of marinating onions and peppers on each table will give you that. If you want to avoid coughing, crying and chugging your jarrito, then don't put these on your al pastor taco.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,10/10/2012,67,288,3,8,4>This restaurant feels huge, though that might be because I've yet to see it more than half full.  They keep it clean, and the wait staff has been extremely attentive every time we've been in.  They have a large variety of rolls and they are priced  about how you'd expect them.  Not cheap, but definitely not on the expensive side of sushi.My husband doesn't like sushi, so he got the General Tso's and he said it was the best he's ever had.  I tasted some and I agreed.  The pieces of chicken are huge, and seemed to be entirely breast meat.  They were extra crispy on the outside, but the chicken was done exactly right.  The sauce wasn't overpowering, and it mixed well with the rice.So glad Royal Ginger opened at Polaris so now I don't have to drive across town!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,10/9/2012,260,212,2,5,3>This is the best Asian bakery in CBus, hands down. Everything is fresh and made very well. They don't skimp on the fillings in their buns and the items are well-priced. They also sell their baked goods next door at Tensuke market. I'm really excited because they remodeled and expanded and now serve food. I've yet to try their sandwiches, but they all look really good. The cakes and tarts look awesome as well. Every time I go, I try different things so I don't have any favorites. I do like mixed fruit tarts and their cream-filled buns and their red bean buns. Their fresh bread is sweet and simple, but be careful, it can go bad quickly so you may have to freeze/refrigerate it.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,10/8/2012,63,87,8,7,9>Sensational.  I arrived with my partner in nomz around 7:45pm on a Friday night to find that most of day's menu had been sold out.  Our disappointment was quickly assuaged with what turned out to be one of the most exceptional (and affordable) meals we could remember.From what remained available from the menu we were offered confit duck leg served on a bed of rabbit stew.  Also still available was the yak burger.As delicious as the confit duck was..and it was damned good..we should have eaten it first.  It was a fine combination.  Rabbit is not so much my thing, but the duck was perfect.  Duck well (read: properly) done is a beautiful thing.  BUT...the yak burger was a tough act to follow.The owner's fiancée as standing out front of the trailer conversing with customers while we were awaiting our order.  He appropriately (we later determined) described yak meat as "beef turned up to 11".  The burger consisted of a medium-rare yak patty, bacon, Havarti, arugula, "special mayo" and a fried egg.  I wish I had taken a picture of this sandwich before it was assembled.  The egg was so perfect, it wouldn't have been out of place on the cover of SAVEUR.  Based on the aromas coming out of the trailer, we were well prepared for a delicious meal...but not for what awaited us.The burger left us dumbstruck.  We alternated between stunned silence and laughter and comments to the effect of "Oh my God! Do you believe this thing? Holy sh*t this is good!"  The combination of ingredients on the burger were simple, subtle, and inspired.  They were a perfect compliment for the yak.  The yak was explosively flavorful and juicy, but not greasy (just what we were told to expect).  It tasted like beef..on overdrive.There is no place to sit here, but that'll change because I'm gonna pitch a tent out front.  Come join me.P.S. If you work with me, and are wondering if it "blew my mind"...  Yes.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,10/7/2012,42,175,1,5,3>Angry Baker, where have you been all my life?  I fell in love today at brunch with some baked eggs.  And it's all your fault, Angry Baker.They tell you in love that timing must be just right and it had to happen exactly right for everything to happen like it did.  And everything happened exactly right on my visit here.  As soon as we walked in, we were able to order within 10 minutes.  We were crushed that all the indoor seating was taking, but luckily my heart swelled when I saw the door to the patio (thank God it's summer or we would have had to be creative with the two 2 person tables available).  I love that not only could we pay with a credit card, but that we were able to immediately tip, sign, and get our receipt however we chose.  I was told the baked eggs would take about 15 minutes. Despite this, they came out only a bit behind my three friends' orders.  I have to say, our orders looked so gorgeous, we almost took a picture.  It was honest-to-God a work of culinary art.  The reason we didn't was because we didn't want our friends who we didn't invite to come with us to be jealous that we ate there.  Seriously.How did it taste?  Simply put, it was delicious.  I'm already searching my schedule for when I can make this awesomeness happen again.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,10/6/2012,138,202,4,5,5>A Columbus institution for sure, I love the North Market.It's been fun to watch things change over the years. Businesses come and go. Some blow up, some fade away, some don't seem to change very much, but the heart of the North Market keeps beating, and the visitors keep pouring in. Everything at the North Market is my favorite, how could I choose? If I had to choose I'd tell you to try Pastaria and Pure Imagination, but you'd be crazy not to visit Kitchen Little and Taste of Belgium. But wait! You really should try Hubert's or Clever Crow or Best of the Wurst. Maybe you should go see one of my pals at Bob the Fish Guy and have some lunch or pick something to cook at home.The easiest parking is to come up Spruce St. from Neil Ave. Just grab the first open meter you see, then go eat a bunch of food and buy a bunch of groceries you didn't know you needed. The best of Columbus.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,10/5/2012,28,130,2,9,4>Best lunch place in the downtown area if you are looking for fresh ingredients, asian-style food and a healthy alternative. The garlic chicken seemed to be the popular choice when I met my friend for lunch. Going against the grain- I had the Bulgogi Steak, and it was very good! The concept is that you order what you want- first your base, then your protein and then your toppings and sides. STEP ONE: Rice, Noodles, etc STEP TWO: Steak, Garlic Chicken, etc STEP THREE (side): Peppers and Onions, Broccoli, Zucchini STEP FOUR: Salad (if you like) and toppings- corn, peas, etc.. I highly recommend the Bulgogi sause even if you didn't get the steak. The food here is well worth the $6 or $7. The portions are huge, I had enough left over after lunch for dinner and breakfast in the morning (yum!). Then you go over to the iPad and enter your order. Yup. That's what I said (nods). The part that the restaurant DOESNT tell you is that they are very philanthropic. They are linked up with a local non-prof (homeless shelter I think) and that they have this amazing plan to give back to the community. Really, I don't remember all that the owner told me about it, but it was TRE COOL! And I would support the business based on that fact alone. I also love LOCAL. The restaurant gets it's food locally (within X amount of miles). I love supporting independent businesses that are not a chain or a franchisee. For those reasons AND the fact that the food is good, I will keep going back here. OH, and the little boy that is the unofficial official mascot- JJ, he is the cutest little guy you will ever see! Just beware giving him water- he will end up spilling it on the floor or chair and splash around in the aftermath! lol!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,10/4/2012,19,85,2,2,2>I stopped here with some friends on a weekday for a quick early lunch, and I had no idea what to expect. It looks on par with Northstar, but in brunch form. The place had a decent vibe, kinda nice but not too snooty. Seating was mostly at long tables, which was a little strange since you could definitely end up next to strangers, but I didn't mind too much since I was with a group. Might feel a little too "high school cafeteria" if you were alone though.More importantly: The food was so good.The french toast! And the frittata with chorizo and salad! My friend and I got both and split them, and they were delicious. It's nice to see a salad made with some decent greens for once. Everything tasted fresh, not standard "hey we heated this up and threw it on a plate" restaurant food. The portions were perfect for me, which means it wasn't Bob Evans huge but it wasn't all teeny tiny either. Just right.According to the other reviews this place is pretty packed on weekends, and I could see why. It's pretty small. But on a Monday afternoon it was pretty chill, so those of you who have weekday afternoon time (ahem, all you grad students) should check it out. I really want to go back and check out some of that granola that looked so good.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,10/3/2012,80,104,,6,1>I tried out Luxe Nail Spa because they had coupons in a circular sent to my home and they were open on a Sunday. The salon itself was very clean and inviting. There are seriously 20 pedicure chairs! Plus, they have massagers on them. The workers were all friendly. My tech was one of the younger ladies, but she did a great job on my pedicure. Prices weren't too bad as it was, so the coupon made it way cheaper than a lot of other places I've been to. Oh, and the staff was all there past their 5:00 Sunday closing time still working on clients. They were even starting some manicures around 4:45. I was actually quite impressed that they weren't shooing people out the door.My only complaint is that the owner (I think) offered me a water but never brought it. I'm sure it just slipped his mind, but I was dying of thirst by the end, so I ended up just asking my tech for one on the way out. Mild annoyance, but not something that's going to stop me from coming back.Tip: If you try and use Google maps to get there, it will take you to the wrong place. It is located at the corner of Henderson and Reed in the Marc's plaza.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,10/2/2012,123,50,1,9,5>It's definitely the best dim sum in Columbus :)  Only time I come to Sunflower Chinese Restaurant is for dim sum, actually~  I always start of with a nice pot of chrysanthemum tea which is accompanied with rock sugar... usually, I just dump the whole thing in the pot, but I learned to just drop a piece or two in my own cup ^^;;  The dishes are in a-la-cart style and you just pick off the carts as it is rolled by ya; then the person that's rolling the cart will stamp your dim sum card.There are some items that are not on the cart, you can just ask for it they can fix it up for you in the back.  They normally have duck, but one day we went they didn't and all we had to do was ask ^__^I think dim sum is a lot more fun going in a good sized group because you get to try out so much more things!!Happy eating yelpers~
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,10/1/2012,15,111,,4,2>Italian fulfillment.  I finally found it.  My memory of the veggie panini, loaded with artichokes, makes me salivate.  The memory of the wedding soup, filling and flavorful, make me feel better even without eating it again.  Though I will.  I usually get two at a time, it reheats well.  The cappucino was authentic and filled with foamy goodness.  Love the decor, the fast beat the staff work with, the simple menu with fair prices.  This place is a superior establishment.  Will keep going back with friends for a charming downtown lunch during work hours.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,9/30/2012,92,300,,4,2>Love this pizza! If you want great Chicago style pizza, this is your place. Even with a small, you get about a quarter pound of cheese on each slice. Get a small and a few salads and it's enough for 3 people! I haven't tried the thin crust, but I'm sure it's great. Now, it's basically in the first floor of a house a couple blocks from the main strip in Grove City, so one might think its pretty low class, but that would not be accurate. The pizza is very high quality, with great sauce, the salad dressing is REAL dressing that needs mixed before pouring, not that thick syrupy crap that you see everywhere. Their beer selection is very surprising too, with a few great microbrews on tap and some nice bottled selections too. Service isn't top notch, sit around talking, making you feel good, but it's quick and accurate. I love it!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,9/29/2012,86,139,5,5,1>The LC is my favorite concert venue in Columbus. I think it's amazing how they get some really popular artists to come in to a moderately sized spot. I've seen Tiesto, Ray LaMontagne, Girl Talk, and Fun. among others here.Parking: I always park near Goodale Park where there are usually open meters along the park or parking on the sidestreets nearby. Much cheaper than paying for parking across the street, not a bad walk, and not as congested after the concert.Drinks: My friends and I have a habit of getting drinks from the bar next door and bringing them into the LC. I've never gotten grief from the LC staff and I'm pretty sure the drinks are a little cheaper at the A&R bar (thanks to Luke T for this tip).Drinks Part II (and I mean DRINKS!): Yup, 32oz of craziness. These are some BIG beers (they have the same size at A&R bar if you're interested). Careful not to venture into the middle of a moshpit with them, though, otherwise you're going to be taking a beer bath. I usually have to chug about half of my beer before I even feel safe walking into a crowd here. That makes the concert more fun for everyone anyway (or at least I'm convinced at the time...). 32oz of beer in your cup is a ton of beer both in and out of your cup. If you go into a moshpit, you can bet you'll feel all 32oz on your clothes.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,9/28/2012,60,54,3,4,4>So, I had heard of the Explorers Club, but had never had the opportunity to try it out.I walked into a place that looked somewhat like a country house, save for the various tribal masks adorning the walls... kind of gives the feeling that there actually is wilderness to explore outside.Anyway, I was there for a Great Lakes tasting, but I showed up incredibly early. I had also eaten a late lunch just a couple hours prior. But the smells coming from the kitchen told me... "Eh, I could eat."And I did. And I had to take the rest home, because this Burrito with Chicken was freaking HUGE... this wasn't a burrito with a bunch of beans and lettuce and stuff with a little bit of chicken, either. They seriously put big chunks of chicken in there. This would be a two-handed endeavor, if you were feeling brutish (the knife-and-fork method is more my speed, but just putting the option out there).What really impressed me (on behalf of my vegetarian, who keeps me farily honest) was the fact that this place is very vegetarian and vegan friendly.Now, I was there for a tasting, too, and the big perk there was that the Great Lakes and Explorers folks also did food pairings, and you know what that means... APPS, baby!The big highlight for me appetizer-wise was the plantains. But the flan for the dessert round... wow.Apparently they do tastings here once a month, and I think they alternate between beer and wine... definitely something I'll consider for my calendar in the future.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,9/27/2012,52,126,7,4,5>I see you. I recognize you. I ignore you.I'm so sorry Jimmy V's, I was so blind. I first remembered you when a friend and I wanted to try something different for lunch, maybe point and laugh at the spring game, and do a little day drinking.I suggested you and she agreed. We parked outside your rear-end (I realize this point of view is starting to get a little dirty but I've committed and am sticking to it) and gazed longingly at your patio wishing the weather was not complete bull crap. We seated ourselves snugly in one of your booths and found you had cheap drinks in the middle of a Saturday. And frosted glasses? And what's this? Your menu isn't the usual dribble of pub food and half heated nachos that feel like you're chewing on a moist paper towel? Color me impressed.I ordered the caprese panini. My friend the veggie gyro. Shoving your food into our mouths was I must say, one of the more enjoyable events of our rain soaked afternoon.I plan to re-enter you again and again until I grow tired of you. Then perhaps a few years down the road we will perchance meet while I am walking and you will again coax me in with your chilled beverages, fair prices, and good draft selection.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,9/26/2012,124,232,,4,3>This place is great! My best friend always barks about how good it is...so she made me try it. I was pleasantly suprised what I'd been missing! We started with beef nachos that were covered in cheese! (very tasty!) I had a chimichanga which came with rice and beans! It was SO good!Then we ordered an empanada to snack on with our meal. I was SO full when we left, I could hardly move. One of the better Mexican places in the Newark/Heath area. Would highly recommend this place! I'll be back!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,9/25/2012,141,548,6,4,5>There are few things I like better than Pho.  It so happens that one of those few things is 80s music videos, and Huong conveniently has both.The pho here was excellent.  Slightly too salty to be perfect, but I loved the rich broth, chewy noodles, and ample quantities of rare steak, finely sliced tripe, beansprouts, and herbs.  The broth was so good that (a) I didn't use any chili or hoisin sauce, and (b) I drank every last drop of it.  Both occur only rarely.As for the music videos, I enjoyed reconnecting with Blondie, Kim Carnes, The Police, Heart, and Mike Oldfield.  I left when Europe came on; they're probably best left in the 80s.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,9/24/2012,176,61,,2,3>This may be a hockey bar, but they are also an amazing every other sport bar when there's not hockey on. Just popped over to watch the NCAA tournament and there was a nice crowd of people but not too crazy. Probably gets to be too much during CBJ hockey games. Love the bartenders. They are really nice and quick. Free popcorn get it's own star on my rating. I just love popcorn and beer. Also, we extremely surprised at how much I liked their chicken quesadilla. I'm VERY picky about my quesadilla's and theirs was pretty darn good. Also, decent bathrooms and lots of TVs. All in all a really great sports bar in a good location, but not in the middle of the main party street... which is a good thing in my opinion.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,9/23/2012,60,17,3,6,6>The beer selection is usually the first thing I pay attention to and they had some good ones. Bell's Oberon, Elevator Three Frogs IPA, Summer Shandy were in the line up. They also have a 1, 2, 3 special. A $1 two ounce shot of a pre-mix(it was washington apples last night), a $2 beer, and a $3 mixed drink. The atmosphere was laid back and it felt like a really nice Fraternity house with some nice leather couches that you sink into. This is good if you're on a date and want to get a little cozy. The Staff was friendly  and everyone that raves about the pierogies aren't kidding.Bathroom notes:There isn't a divider between the men's urinal closest to the sink and that can be a little awkward when someone is trying to wash their hands so close to your franks and beans. My girlfriend was very pleased to see that there was some sort of sanitizing towel in the women's stalls so you can wipe your seat and feel less gross about using a public bathroom.So go to Gresso's. Do a shot or several. Play nudie photo hunt. Eat some pierogies. And make out with someone on one of the comfy couches.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/22/2012,27,185,2,2,2>A nice little place the reminds me of my old piano teacher's house (I think it's the red-white, classically elegant theme), Cambridge offers some very delicious tea and interesting food, not to mention some fantastic scones.I dropped in on a Saturday afternoon, and apparently at a bad time.  The place itself is small, and the parking lot even smaller. I ended up parked on the street, but luckily still in front of the tea house itself.  I was still lucky enough to get a table inside (this was during one of the 90+ degree heat spells), though there are also a number of seats outside.The servers were very nice and helpful, easy going and happy to answer questions.  No issues there. Since they were out of the quiche (it was about 1:00 so keep that in mind), I decided on a pear-and-swiss sandwich on toast with a carrot salad, and a mug of the "Paris" tea.  All items were very good and very different from the stuff you usually find in restaurants and coffee shops.Let's start with the sandwich - two thick and decent sized pieces of toasted bread (that I assume was homemade), dripping with gooey melted swiss, with a hearty helping of tender pears painted with the tangy apricot dijon mustard (the apricot isn't that noticeable except to add sweetness), and enhanced by the crunch of almonds.  Overall, it had a delicate and satisfyingly sweet taste, with the comfort of a grilled cheese sandwich.Sandwiches come with one side - house salad or carrot salad being the defaults - and because it was a bit different, I tried the latter.  It rather reminded me of uncooked halwa, being made of shredded carrots, raisins, and a sweet dressing, and was really quite tasty.  It comes in a small cup which can be a bit hard to get every piece of carrot out of without using fingers, or maybe I'm just clumsy, but is worth trying.The tea, meanwhile, was really quite fantastic.  The Paris blend is said to taste of bergamot, currant, vanilla, and caramel.... and you know, it does.  The currant and vanilla are the strongest tastes, though, lending a sweet dessert-like quality to the blend. And really, I probably should have just had the tea for dessert. But scones...  I can't resist.  So I tried a cream scone with jam and clotted cream (because you might as well pay the $1 to do it right).  And yeah, I'm glad I did.  The scone was quite large, with a slightly crispy outside and a super soft, rich and definitely creamy inside. Add the jam (strawberry) and cream, and you have a rich, gently sweet, and delicious treat.  Prices...aren't really unreasonable for this type of food.  Most of the sandwiches and salads are around $8 or $9, the scones around $2.25.  Tea is and tea about that as well (for a cup. A pot is like $5 or something).  It does add up, though, if you want to try everything like I did.  Also, though the portions are fine and healthy, I did not leave feeling truly "full," and imagine some people with large appetites might have trouble.  I think the small size of the side is the main reason I felt this way, since the sandwich itself was perfectly normal in size.  The carrot salad was very good, but you really don't get very much of it.  Still, especially if you're in the mood for something light, refreshing, and a bit different, the Cambridge is definitely worth giving a go.  It's a great place for a nice, classy meal with your friends or a delicious scone-tea snack break.The tea house also can play host to your special events.  It is possible to host parties up to 32 people, and they also offer "candlelit dinners" which sound romantic and entertaining.It also bears noting that while the atmosphere and most of the clientele are adult, the tea house also caters to the little princesses and princes with a selection of tiaras, crowns, and other frippery towards the back that kids can pick to wear while enjoying their tea and scones.  It would be a great place for a little party for the girl who loves all things elegant and antique, or who just wants to play princess.Apparently they also offer cooking classes, which is something that could be a lot of fun if you lived in the area.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,9/20/2012,39,128,3,2,3>I love everything about Harvest. Tucked into German Village this place is all about local, from the beer to pie...but more on that pie later. It's a tight squeeze and you almost feel like you're in the kitchen, but it's surprisingly calm and I never notice kitchen noise. It's probably because I'm too busy stuffing my face. The warm ricotta with lavender is an excellent starter. Their seasonal pizza specials have yet to disappoint. The staff is always friendly, attentive and happy to tell you details about the dishes. Now, back to the pie. Seriously: The best peach pie ever. Two bites in my friend said, "I don't know which guy back there made this, but you're going to need to start dating him." With pie that good, I had to agree. It turns out the pies are made by the owner's mom. I'm willing to take mama out on the town if she'll share her pie knowledge! The pie was served cold with amazing fresh peaches and a crust that was perfectly thick and flaky. Everyone in the place was staring at our pie and asking if it was as amazing as it looked. Pieces soon started flying out of the kitchen. Next time you're in German Village, squeeze in here, drink from a Mason jar and enjoy delicious pizza and pie!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,9/19/2012,67,792,1,9,3>Boy, this place has a reputation- and lives up to it.  I had heard about it for years, and seen the reviews on here, but it's just too far out of my way to stop by.  However, I was headed down McKinley to get some car parts (that turned out to not be what was needed, but anyway...) and realized I'd be close to Johnnie's, so I stopped.  Sure glad I did.It's a small place, and a very cozy one.  I felt like a regular even though they didn't know me.  And the way regulars are treated, even newbies, is relaxing.  Very friendly service, very informal.  The people next to me asked if the tomatoes were fresh, and were slightly (good-naturedly) disappointed when told they were from the store.  A few minutes later, the waitress offered to get some from her garden.  Seriously.I had a cheeseburger- you have to, don't you?- and onion rings.  The onion rings were awesome.  The burger was damn good.  Best ever?  I've had some good ones.  Let's say this is in the top 5.  But, really, practically perfect for a diner burger.  Big, meaty, tasty, with fresh toppings and a good bun.  Pop was served in a can, but with a frosty ice-filled glass.  I didn't want to leave, and will try to find a way to get back soon.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,9/18/2012,40,101,,6,4>Borgata isn't my favorite pizza place in Columbus; it is my FAVORITE PIZZA PLACE FROM THE LAST 3 CITIES I HAVE LIVED IN.This is not a place you would discover accidentally, tucked away in a small strip between an apartment complex and a c-store.  A big thank you to the PIZZA SLAYER blog for letting me know about it.Inside, the place is simple, nut nice.  There is bar-seating (not really a good bar - I think they have bottles of Bud and Bud Light only), a dining area, a large screen TV, and a kitchen that you can see the entirety of from the dining area.  The place is neat and clean.Menu is uncomplicated - it is all about the pizza.Service is casual.  Most times I've been here, it is the owner who has served us and been the only employee working.  He is very nice, and is great with my 5 y/o, who has several times sat at the bar to chat while the rest of the family occupies a table.  Pizza is the best around.  Perfectly proportioned crust is the highlight.  Great flavor (a touch yeasty), texture (like a baguette?) and thickness (on the thin side, but not crackery).  Sauce is pretty good, and there is a nice selection of toppings.  The way that drums define music, crust sets the tone for pizza.This place is basic.  If you're looking for a place to spend a ton of money to impress your friends, this is not it.  If you and your friends love pizza, than this is the spot for you.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,9/17/2012,28,84,3,3,3>Stopped in here tonight for some chill Sunday night fun.  I woke up with "Sunday, Bloody Sunday" in my head by U2 and I thought what better way to get this song out of my head than a bloody mary!  Unfortunately for me, I was busy most of the day getting stuff done so I didn't get to enjoy Bloody Sunday until around 6PM.Went here with my neighbor and I started off with a bloody mary made with Absolut Peppar, which is the only vodka you should put in a bloody mary.  It was great--just how I like it.  I like mine with a couple limes and none of the garnish crap.  The bartender claimed to be a bloody mary expert, and she told me she is also the one who tends the bloody mary bar during the Sunday brunch.  We talked for a while about her search for good ingredients for them and I was pleased to hear how much care she puts in to them.  We also chatted about various other drinks and she seemed to really know what she was doing.  She claimed to make a killer margarita, and my buddy had a couple of them made with Cabo and he agreed.  They were so killer, in fact, that he said a part of him had died inside.They have a happy hour that runs all night on Sundays, including a 5 dollar martini list, which doesn't interest me but that had about 10 different ones that sounded good if you are "in to that kind of thing."  Beers are also $1 off and house wines are $4.  The house reds are Frontera, which is a good cheap wine I've bought at home.  They're still making a killer profit off of you but for a $4 glass of wine Frontera in a restaurant is alright with me.  I had a glass of the merlot.  I also had an Old Speckled Hen for $3.50, which was a 16oz can (and a killer deal) served with a frosty glass.  This may be my new Sunday Bloody Sunday chill hangout spot close to home.  The only problem was that this place was dead and the atmosphere wasn't screaming "have fun" at 7PM on a Sunday.  It's deep in to Dublin though--and thick with breeders (families) so people were probably at home having a Sunday roast, praying for world peace, changing diapers and watching vacation slideshows.For food we started with the hummus plate, which I've had before.  It's around $7 and you get a MASSIVE amount of hummus, pitas and veggies.  The hummus was excellent and a great deal for the money.  The amount is equal to about 2 small tubs of hummus you buy at the grocery.  The only thing I would change is that I like extra virgin olive oil poured over my hummus, which they didn't do here.  This is just a personal preference and dependent on the type of restaurant though so I don't fault them for that.  We also had an order of the tavern chips--potato chips topped with blue cheese sauce, bacon, green onion and diced tomato, served with cup of creamy garlic sauce.  These were pretty good but they were stingy with the bacon pieces... and I love my bacon.  They shouldn't advertise that there is bacon on these if they only put a few small bits on them--I felt cheated because I'm a bacon lover.  They also could have had more of the blue cheese sauce.  The other place in town that has these is Cap City--minus the bacon--and MTM's version is much better.Finally I had a happy hour flat bread which is half of a regular flatbread for $5.  I got the mushroom one which was pretty much uninteresting and boring.  It was supposed to have crimini mushrooms on it, but they were few and far between, and all around this was a pretty bland experience.  Even for $5 I wouldn't get this again.  It was just "okay" and pretty much a disappointment.  Why not spice up a *mushroom* flatbread with a greater variety of mushrooms--throw some shitakes on there, some oyster shrooms, maybe some big chunks of portabellas, etc.  Make this fun! I'm sure I'll go again--the late Sunday happy hour really appeals to me.  I'll just skip the flatbreads and get a double order of the tavern chips with extra bacon and extra sauce.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,9/16/2012,48,64,6,6,5>My favorite food truck!These guys seriously kick butts. I frequent this truck all the time, and I'll even go out of my way to get some if i have to. You're probably thinking to yourself, its just french fries right? WRONG! Stop being a Tater Hater and listen up fools. These are some top notch spuds like you've never experienced before. What does it for me is the Chorizo Cheese Fries. I'm a huge fan of chorizo in the first place, but these are next level! Not a fan of chorizo? That's cool more for me. Might i also suggest the Gyro fries. That pita bread is just getting in the way of my fork most of the time anyway. And it was not missed. Any fan of potatoes in the fry categorie needs to try this out asap!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,9/15/2012,72,39,4,9,7>Tommy's Diner sits in that special goldilocks zone between retro and classic. Neon snakes along the ceiling, checkered tiles line the floor, and the menu is 1950's diner fare done right. We strolled in last Saturday morning when I had a craving for brunch, and Tommy himself showed us to a great booth by the window. Before he left, he winked and promised not to charge us extra for the view.It's that comfortable greasy spoon kind of customer service that you come to expect when you order at a counter and sip coffee from a ceramic mug. There's plenty of eye candy to snack on while you wait, including photos of the owner with the Bee Gees and a vintage Coca-Cola machine. But you won't have to wait long, thank goodness, because the table next to you probably has something delicious on it.I ordered a "Breakfast Club" off the Daily Specials menu before I figured out the John Hughes reference, but puns make everything taste better. It was built traditionally, with three toasted slices of wheat bread, romaine, tomato, a pile of ham, strips of bacon, both american and provolone cheeses, and a buttery fried egg. Two cheeses, three proteins, I don't even have to say how good it was.My husband had a sweet tooth so he went with a shortstack of blueberry pancakes and a side of bacon. They're the fluffy kind of cake, not the flat kind, with a good bite of berries and a spongy texture. Warning: If you're a stickler for real syrup, you'll have to tote your own. The bacon was good too, though a little overdone, but he seemed to love it and dipped each piece in syrup. My side of hash browns was undercooked, more like potatoes au gratin, though I can't really complain because I ate nearly all of a portion big enough for two.The wait staff knows what they're doing too, I watched them weave around customers waiting to be seated without skipping a beat, tipping a glass, or even dropping their smiles. We were in and out for $20 in under 30 minutes, but I recommend you come before 10:30am if you want to beat the weekend lunch rush. And trust me, you do. Or better yet, trust Tommy - he won't even charge you extra for the advice.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,9/14/2012,138,148,4,13,8>Große Würste macht Doc ein fröhlicher Junge!Rolled up to this place by the Crosswoods theater around 4:30 for my meal du jour after reading about this place from other Yelpers. This place is is my neighborhood so I was excited to get German food without having to drive all the way down to G-Village. Walked in and was immediately seated since I was the only customer in the place except for a dude sitting at the bar at this time. The decor is your typical biergarten setup without being too kitschy, seating options are dark wood tables with unpadded benches in the dining area and padded barstools in the bar. Plenty of flatscreen TV's dot the place so there's really not a seat without a view of one.I took some time to read over their menu/newsletter/beer list and the many options for some traditional biergarten fare. I wasn't really in the mood for beer (I know my friends are saying to themselves at this point WTF?) even though they have a 3-7 happy hour with $1 off all German Drafts & also the appetizers. I finally decided to try their Sauasge Plate, a choice of two of their sausages,served with German sauerkraut and mashed taters. My order came out within 15 minutes and was plated very nicely with a good size serving of mashed taters, kraut and the two snausages I chose grilled to perfection. Each table table is set with a container with forks, knives, napkins and ketchup and yellow mustard. At my request I asked for the hot German mustard and was brought a bottle of Löwensenf, one of my favs! The Beer & Cheese sausage was a finely minced texture but the beer flavour just wasn't there for me. The pork German Brat was a whole other world, coarse ground pork with a tasty mix of spices, this was as close as you can come to the brats from Carle's without driving up to Bucyrus!The mashed taters were decent and the sauerkraut here is VERY mild which was kinda nice since it didn't overpower the rest of my meal. My server was very nice and took time to answer my questions, to say the least my glass never went dry during my visit.Overall my first try of this place was very positive and I am so happy to have my own German biergarten down around the corner, I'll be back for more. I sure hope they do better than the other tenants in this location in the past.Bier trinken, gut essen!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/13/2012,12,51,,6,4>My approach to Weiland's is not to be looking for any particular thing, but instead to walk slowly around the store, through each aisle, and check everything out.  I always discover great stuff this way.High on my list of recommendations is the cheese counter-- there are always several out for sampling, and you are guaranteed to find something you've never had before.  Also, be sure to hit the freezer aisle, where there are a lot of great-looking prepared foods ready for you to take home, heat up, and take credit for.  Cruise the meat counter and ogle the deliciousness.  Finally, be sure to visit the deli, where the nice folks working the counter will give you samples and suggestions.  I recommend the "Weiland's Famous Roast Beef", which is the stuff of sandwich legend.  Weiland's is too far from home to be my go-to supermarket, but you can bet when I'm in the neighborhood, I'm stopping in!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,9/12/2012,32,126,,4,3>I have bought my last two vehicles from Roush Honda, an Accord and an Element.  I was recently in for some routine maintenance and was reminded how great the place is.  Roush employees are always, upbeat, warm, and ready to help, which makes both the car-buying and the service relationship great.  On the buying-side, the salespeople are very low-pressure.  They take plenty of time with you to talk about the cars and find and test the acres of Hondas they have in stock.  Hondas are GREAT cars, which makes their job easy.The service operation is very precise and efficient, like you would expect from Honda.  Whether I call for an appointment or just show up for an oil change, they are generally quicker than promised.  If you sign up for the plan when you buy your car, you get free loaner for the day while your car is getting a tune up.  They also have a nice waiting area, or if you'd rather, you can walk around the corner and hang out in the Panera or a little further to Starbucks.I plan to drive my Element until it disintegrates, which, since it is a Honda, may be 15+ more years.  So in 2027, I'll head back in for purchase #3.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,9/11/2012,156,314,5,7,5>Well, now I have a new default hair salon!On a tight budget and with a limited schedule, I did a frantic Yelp search this morning for affordable men's hair cuts within walking distance of my home. There was basically a consensus, looking at the review summaries that popped up: Cuts Off High! I poked around a bit, looked at the website (which was not completely inspiring) and made the call. I thought the man answering on the other end sounded a little gruff or quick, but the appointment was made quickly for a great time slot so that was that.If the man on the phone sounded like he valued time it might be because I had been talking to the owner, operator, and stylist who would be helping me. In retrospect, as a basically one-man operation, this place is smooth as silk pie. I arrived a bit early, and was back out the door with a completely new head of hair- and looking at my watch, it was only eight minutes past my scheduled appointment. What! Also, the haircut only cost me $10. WHAT!I am so happy with the haircut, especially vis-a-vis the price, that I can not even begin to think of going anywhere else for my next hair cut. The man who served me, Ray, was beyond personable and made the whole usually-anxious experience (for me) sail by- one of the reasons I was shocked at the time-frame was because I felt like we had had quite the meandering, casual conversation. I went in with only vague notions of what I wanted, and Ray delivered- and was even pleased to be told "do what you'd like, within these simple parameters." He talked me through his decisions as he made them, and worked efficiently. He was funny, talkative, and just plain damn good with the scissors.AND he had Stargate: SG-1 playing on the TV in the salon. While I'm not personally especially familiar to the show, it was a lot better than most background noise at salons- and it was turned up just loud enough to hear comfortably from the chair without drowning out conversation.The place doesn't try to look fancy and it's better for it; some salons look much more pretty but then charge a king's ransom in comparison, with longer waits, less attentive service, and dreadfully slow service. Ray told me he wants the place to feel comfortable, down-home, almost like the rural hair-cuttin' shop in a small town out in the country. The only way it might feel more authentic is if it was run out of a house on a woodsy lane!So yes, I was quite enamored with my trip to Cuts Off High and my appointment with Ray. He said he gets a lot of referrals through Yelp and it's easy to see why; service this awesome needs to be talked about, often, to people of discerning tastes. So here's another mark on the chalkboard in favor of this great business; trust all these stars, because this place has EARNED them!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,9/10/2012,19,55,2,4,3>Moys was the first take out I got the first night in my new apartment here in Columbus.  I never would have expected my first attempt at take out would be so successful!  I'm a vegetarian and the vegetarian menu is excellent.  I especially suggest the tofu with black bean sauce.  Moys seems to really excel at tofu and spice.  My boyfriend (not a vegetarian) says that the vegetable egg rolls are actually superior to the normal egg rolls.We always get take out from Moys as the restaurant itself is tiny.  Also, parking is kind of a bitch.  We park at the McDonalds next door and one of us stays in the car while the other runs in (to avoid any towing situation).We eat here at least once a week.  I recommend it to people all the time.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/9/2012,63,141,6,3,5>Dear Huntington Park,I wanted to hate you. I wanted to go to some game and say, "why did we get rid of the Coop for this?" I wanted to cling to my righteous indignation about the gentrification of this little AAA team and rally against dime-a-dog night in cleaner, brighter establishment.But alas, I cannot. You are my favorite sports arena in all of Ohio. My little Wrigley Field in downtown Columbus. You don't have a bad seat in the house, you have kept much of what I loved about the team when was on Westside, and even shunned that oh so unfortunate connection to the evil empire... dare I say it? I am relieved I no longer have to cheer for a Yankee's affiliate. I now am the proud owner of a 20 game pack this season and have already been at nearly a dozen games this year. I realize how lucky I am to have this little gem less than 5 miles from my house. I apologize for our lackluster first meeting. I hope you can forgive me. I hope that you still allow me to enjoy the 7th ending stretch, the hot dog races, the 50 cent Rooster wings...Ring your bell. Let's play ball.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,9/8/2012,134,190,9,9,4>This is one of my favorite airports nationwide. I'm sure there are other airports that are nicer that I have yet to fly into, but from what I've experienced so far, this is pretty awesome. Why?You wouldn't think people would change much between airports but at CMH they are way more friendly than almost any other place I've flown into.TSA is still security but it feels more open, inviting...come to the light, you know? Although these are still agents of the government there to check your bags and frisk you, but there's less of the evil overlord overtone you feel in other airports, which is nice. Whatever they're doing at this location, they should use it in others, like Newark.There are many restaurants and shops inside and outside of the sterile security area, which is nice because TSA will throw out your bottled water if you try to bring it in. You drink water? You must be a terrorist, so sorry!  *Ahem* I digress. If you're thirsty, you'll need to buy your beverages inside the sterile area. Don't forget that all sorts of non-liquidy food IS permitted through the checkpoint, so bring your huddled masses of sandwiches yearning to breathe free, or perhaps just a few protein bars - either way.Drop-off is relatively painless, as is pick-up.  The security folks outside keep cars moving along most of the time - particularly during peak hours - so dropping off is a snap, although pick-up might require circling a few times if you time it incorrectly. Please keep in mind that CMH makes sense, unlike an airport I recently reviewed in New Jersey (Newark). The signs are clear, you can "loop" until you pick someone up, and it's really hard to get lost. If you have to wait, you feel safe, and if it's too hot or cold outside, you can wait inside - no stress.Free WiFi rocks, and all airports should have this (are you listening, Newark?) because it's great when you have to wait for a flight. Speaking of flights, mine never seem to be delayed out of this airport, which is the exact opposite of Newark. Perhaps CMH is just a lot less busy than EWR, but at least if I get stuck waiting in Columbus, I have free WiFi and can work. In Newark, where I always get delayed or canceled, I have to pay for WiFi - makes no sense.The only reason why I'm giving this airport a four-star instead of a five-star is because I know there's an airport out there, like in Hawaii or something, where they greet you when you get off your plane, put a lei over your head and a coconut-shaped drink in your hand.  That's a five star airport....Now, to be fair, I generally have someone dropping me off and picking me up, but they also have a nice parking and rental car system. I've used the parking a few times before: blue lot, red lot, green lot. I like to call ahead or get coupons and discounts for the lots, because really, aside from the duration of the shuttle bus ride in, it's an uncovered lot where you're leaving your car while you travel.  Choose the cheaper of the three long-term lots (green or red) and just show up earlier. Or find a blue lot coupon/discount and shave a minute or two off your time. It's been years since I've paid for parking at CMH, so I can't tell you the current discount climate.So, to summarize: Port Columbus International Airport = wide-open, friendly, clean. Newark Liberty International Airport = claustrophobic, rude, nasty and dirty. If CMH and EWR got together and had babies, you'd probably get Chicago O'Hare International Airport (ORD). Any questions?
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,9/7/2012,1214,553,7,8,8>Get a second job, sell your shit on Craigslist, or do something even seedier to make some extra money. You're going to need every cent to spend at your new favorite spot - Sidebar 122.Seriously, it's that good. Three of us went for the first time on a friday night, and we had one of the best dining (and drinking!) experiences in a really long time. Here's what we loved:^ATMOSPHERESwanky, yet casual. Upscale, but decidedly low-key. Sidebar 122 is a beautiful downtown spot where you'll see all types of people having a great time - from neighborhood folks in shorts and flip flops to people gussied-up for a night on the town. ^SERVICEFrom the hostess to the guys bringing water, everyone at Sidebar 122 was lovely. No one was pretentious, and everyone seemed to truly enjoy working there. The real stars, though, were the servers. Our server (what was her name?!) was one of the best servers I've had in Columbus. She was attentive, sweet, funny, and sincere - the perfect addition to our fun dinner date.^DRINKSThese are some amazingly-crafted old-school cocktails. Think Mouton. I had a sidecar, and one friend had a fresh strawberry gimlet. They were both beyond fantastic. And the Mister had wine (Malbec), which he declared "amazing!".^FOODA lot of the menu is tapas, so we just ordered a bunch of items and shared among the table. This proved to be a fantastic way to try out a new restaurant! Everything was fresh, delicious, and four or five star-worthy. Here's the rundown:* Goat cheese salad with raspberry vinaigrette - My favorite dish of the night!* Ceviche - I don't eat seafood, but both of my dining partners thought this dish was really good. The chunks of fish and shrimp were very big, unlike any ceviche they'd had before. This wasn't a bad thing - just different.* Chicken croquettes - Everyone loved these little fried balls of chicken heaven and both dipping sauces.* Caprese salad - This was very good, and I'm certain that Sidebar 122 will start using local tomatoes as soon as they can.* Beef tenderloin skewers - Cooked to perfection with an amazing side of risotto.* Tres leches cake - Normally I pass up dessert to go to Jeni's instead, but we just couldn't turn down dessert at Sidebar. Everything looked so tempting! We decided on a tres leches cake that was light, fluffy, and not-too-sweet.^PRICEAll this food and drinks cost just under $100. While that's not cheap, it was well worth every penny - because this dining experience made us feel like a million bucks!^TIPS* They take reservations with Open Table!* They have valet parking, but there are lots of credit card meters on nearby streets.* They serve brunch!^BOTTOM LINEGo here. Now. This is definitely my new Cbus favorite, and I'll be going back as often as I can!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,9/6/2012,19,222,,5,1>Definitely the new place in town to try out, but you will have a bit of a wait.  Been here a few times now.  The parking lot is modest.  I saw patrons having to park at the business just west of Piada in order to find a spot and walk over.  Each time I have gone, I have had to wait in line 20 minutes, at least.  I think everyone is eager to try the place out.   Service is much like Chipolte only with an Italian flair.  Because the location is new, there are a lot of hungry, eager patrons looking to try the place out - each one of them is trying to figure out how this place works and what is available.  (1) Pick the type of entree (i.e. Piada (aka wrap), pasta bowl or salad bowl.  (2) Choose your meat.  (3) Choose your sauce and toppings.   Pretty simple when you figure out it is much like another chain.   A few different sides like soup and Piada sticks are also available.  They do offer a limited selection of wine.  Service is slow because customers are asking a lot of questions.  Unlike other similar chains,  I found the staff here to be very cordial and willing to answer questions about menu selections, explain what a "Piada" is and share about the restaurant itself.  Contemporary decor and seating.   Music and acoustics are pretty loud inside.  Seating can also be at a premium when busy.   (Have not seen them yet when they are NOT busy.)The food itself - nice size portions.  Reasonably priced.   Love the salad bowl with chicken - that's my favorite.   Fresh.  Flavorful.  The meat is tender.  Piada sticks are "okay", but I would pass on them.   Not much taste to them.  I've tried the parmesan and the peperoni ones.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/5/2012,10,152,4,1,5>I love going to see movies here. There's a few good restaurants around to eat at before or after a show. The tickets are a little more expensive but you get what you pay for. They validate parking so you don't have to sell your first-born child into slavery just to park in the parking ramps on an event night.  You only have to pay a buck with your ticket validated.  There are some theaters that have a balcony, which is cool and usually the theaters are pretty quiet so you can enjoy a movie rather than listen to a bunch of people gossip or talk on their cell phones.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,9/4/2012,57,91,1,3,3>I am always wary of any restaurant that labels itself as "Asian fusion". In my experience, that typically means generic, mediocre food cooked to please the masses. Luckily, I was pleasantly surprised by Wild Ginger.The entrees here are creative, well-presented, and most importantly, delicious! I got the scallops with mild mango sauce. The sauce was sweet and spicy while still remaining light. They did not skimp the portions - there were several scallops in my dish and they were big! My friends got the thin sliced flank steak and wok glazed ginger scallop entrees. I tried both and they were good as well. We all agreed the dishes had more of an authentic taste than most Chinese restaurants in the area.I did not try the sushi but it seemed to be hit or miss with everyone. It looked decent but portion sizes were inconsistent. Some rolls looked very small. I'll have to come back to give it my full assessment.Service was good. They were friendly and attentive. I had a birthday cake I wanted to come out at the end of the meal and they were very accommodating with that. We also forgot to print off the 20% coupon from the website and they adjusted our bill even after already running our credit cards through. Nice!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,9/2/2012,118,70,5,4,7>Pleased to announce I have found a replacement to Chick-Fil-A (whom I recently divorced with extreme prejudice)!First of all, support a local guy and a local business! Mark works very hard and is committed to customer service. The first time I tried this place out (on a Friday night about an hour and a half before closing) they were pretty much sold out of everything. Oh the horror!!! Having a fried chicken craving and they were sold out. Mark was very gracious and offered to cook something special for us. Plus he wanted to give it to us for free (we insisted he take some money). That's the mark of someone who really does care about his customers. I am in love with the Fried Chicken Slider meal (2 sliders). It's a boneless chicken breast on a biscuit with your choice of dressing. Mashed potatoes and mac & cheese sides are awesome. This place is worth the trip! It's in a food truck and only opened at noon-8pm, Friday-Sunday. Plus, it's just great southern fried chicken with no sides of hate or sanctimonious religion. Sounds good to me, indeed!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/1/2012,159,169,4,4,3>Yes, I did wake up dreaming of a brezel pretzel this morning -- twisted dough bursting with coconut and almond flavor...I NEED YOU.  The price is right, the workers are so happy and friendly, and there will never be another pretzel place so good.Throw out everything you know from mall pretzelstands and let Brezel show you the light!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/31/2012,51,317,3,4,2>Very good taco truck!  We live in Bexley and have been meaning to go here forEVER.  Just never got around to it.  I finally decided I would ditch the hubby and go on my own.  :-)  He didn't seem too torn up about it when I told him.The woman in the truck was super nice and my food was ready very fast - I was there on a Monday afternoon after lunchtime, so there wasn't anyone else waiting.  I had the regular tacos with carne asada - the meat was tender and YUM.  Salsa was good as well.  I'd like to go back and try a torta...  maybe torta milanesa?
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,8/29/2012,68,133,11,4,1>Unfortunately, I was forced to set foot on Hilliard-Rome Road recently, thanks to my friends wanting to "change things up a bit" and drive way the hell out here, to the land of Wal-Marts and chain restaurants and really, really aggressive Chevy pickup drivers, to suck down a pint or two and watch some sports. Fortunately, Average Joe's surprised me, and I rather enjoyed myself for the few hours I was there. It was a Saturday night, so Hilliard's finest were out in full force. My friends and I, within 5 minutes of sitting down, were greeted by a tipsy female patron who immediately started telling us about her psycho ex-boyfriend, as well as a very sad and touching story about how she just discovered that her female roommate was a heroin addict. Also included were vignettes about how she broke her "goddamn phone" in a fit of rage earlier in the day (she produced said phone for proof), and that she was planning on spending tomorrow "puking her guts out and doing nothing but playing Wii all day." Random encounter aside, the actual AJ's experience was pretty solid. The servers were attentive, if a bit scattery (plus, we had 4 different people waiting on us - it got to be a joke throughout the night, that one chick took our order, another brought us our drinks, another brought us our food, and another brought us our check). They also were cool about changing the channel on a couple of the TVs (and there are a LOT of them throughout the bar). The food was really good, and I was nearly knocked off my barstool by how tasty the chili was - AJ's chili rocketed near the top of the list of my favorite chilis in C-Bus (probably still behind the Chicken Chili from Aladdin's), and this bowl was massive! Probably not the best thing to eat on a date, as it produced a gas bubble in my stomach that ate up half my leg - but when you're out with the boys, it's a perfectly acceptable choice.There are also pool tables and a good jukebox for further entertainment options - the area by the tables turned into an impromptu dance floor later in the night, which made it difficult to navigate to the restrooms, but it was a party vibe with respectful patrons, so I could definitely dig it. There is also a patio which could probably get pretty crazy in the summer, although it only affords a lovely view of the parking lot and the nearby Meijer. When in Hilliard, you could definitely do a lot worse than AJ's. Give it a try.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,8/28/2012,82,150,2,6,4>When I saw that Natalie's Coal Fired Pizza and Live Music was open, it was music to my ears...and my stomach...and my drinking gizzard.  A place with good food, live music, and outside drinking is seriously needed in this area.  Big plus for me as I can walk here from my house, but even if you don't live close by, Natalie's is worth the visit.  The bar selection is rad, with serious emphasis on local brews and liquor - OYO, Watershed, Brothers Drake, Rockmill, FourStrings, Great Lakes, Columbus Brewing Company, and while not local, $2.50 Hudy Delight!  Apparently, happy hour is 1/2 off local drafts.  Awesome.The food is surprisingly good.  Looking back at the concerns from an old thread, yelp.com/topic/columbus-, I'd say the crust holds up to speculation - the bottom is nicely browned and paper thin, with a slightly fluffy top.  Toppings and combos are artful and fresh - goat cheese, roasted red peppers, basil, fresh mozz, etc. - and the portion is large enough for 2 to split.  At $13-15 a piece, it's a great deal.  Salads run $6-7.  While I didn't try any appetizers, the menu has good choices, including a pick-3 cheese plate.  Cheese, beer, live music...seriously I could live here.There wasn't any music playing when we went, but the stage is cute, very close to the seating and intimate.  Looks like the lineup is mostly bluegrass and americana, which is cool. There will be covers.The only snag I have to speak to is that getting any food was awfully slow.  It was opening night and place was packed, and while maybe they could have planned better, I guess I was expecting it, so it didn't throw me.  I don't know how to run a restaurant, so yeah, I guess...make more pizzas faster next time?  They've probably figured out how to do that already.  The other reason I'm not all salty about it is that the service was spectacular.  Our server was Jessica.  She was super sweet and very attentive.  I may have been without a pizza, but I was never without a beer.  I'm optimistic they will work out the kinks.So, yeah, check this place out.  I'll probably be there, happily eating cheese, drinking boozes, and loving some serious banjo pickin.  Good job Natalie's!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/27/2012,65,187,2,7,5>Simply the best in town.  1.  Get the spicy scallop roll and behold genius. 2.  They take reservations:  I recommend them. It's busy at lunch and weekend dinners.  3.  The rice here is perfect - great consistency, perfect taste.  4.  The fish is consistently top quality.  Fresh, firm, tasty.  (just like....)Don't get the chinese or japanese food, it's not worth it.  The sushi is where it's at.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,8/26/2012,185,387,,11,4>This is so fun!A short drive from downtown, taking a break from your nine-to-five to spend lunch at the Dinin' Hall is worth the change of scenery during your lunch hour. The concept: various food trucks are outside to take your order. Go inside, pay, sit at your table and a speedy runner brings your food to you. This is great because the trucks aren't bogged down by dealing with payments, and you can eat your meal while sitting instead of standing. So simple, so genius. The inside space is airy, simple, hip.For my first visit, there were two Food Trucks there, which was plenty of choice for me. It is my understanding that there will be different trucks different days. I don't need 6 choices of trucks only to eat one meal, but it's nice to know I could go back on a different day and have a completely new set of choices. At the payment counter, there are other products for sale. They appear to be local small business retail, but I don't know for sure. Things like preserves, cookies, coffee. One employee was walking around the room with a tray of "Lemon Rosemary" cookies that looked divine, but he ran out before he got to our table, so I didn't get to try one. I like these community-based ventures. Go support it! Also, they prefer cash (but will take your cc payment via iPad). If you can plan ahead, get cash.My only gripe is that I wish there were more of a station inside for napkins, condiments, utensils, etc. You can get condiments and utensils from the truck, but it would be convenient to have a supply inside, too. The napkins they have were way too thin. My first one practically dissolved.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,8/24/2012,34,61,1,5,4>I spied this new shop while cutting through OTE one day and made it a point to go back!  This place is not for grabbing a quick cup of coffee.  They take their time and make every single cup fresh (from what I saw).  I consider myself a serious coffee lover, but these people are REALLY serious about their coffee.  They seem really educated on what they serve and how to serve it.  I loved the space and staff.  There are only a few munchie type things in the shop, so I'm thinking my next visit will include stopping at Angry Baker first and then getting my coffee :)
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,8/23/2012,20,54,2,6,5>I have been saving this review for a time where I could savor the experience of writing it and re-live the delectable experience that I had dining here. I am not ashamed to say that THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE RESTAURANT in Columbus.First, I adore the over the top decor. Whoever designed and decorated De Novo is my new favorite decorator maybe only second to the classic tastes of Dorothy Draper. What unique and fantastic luxury!Next, the food is unreal. Gator, kangaroo, duck-- thank you De Novo for being daring and pioneering cuisines which are rarely seen in Columbus. My boyfriend took me here and both of us were blown away. We shared the gator bites which were perfectly cooked-- the best I have had since last in New Orleans. I ordered duck and my boyfriend ordered the chorizo Kobe burger. Once again, both were impeccable. Alas, they were out of beignets or we would most certainly have had these for dessert.I don't think I have yet found a restaurant so akin to my own aesthetic and gastronomic style, but finding it here in Columbus, at long last, is absolutely exhilarating!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,8/22/2012,53,580,3,2,3>Don't go here!  I had held off for awhile but I gave in and now I want to go back.  I can't go close to place again without thinking about those warm, gooey, and rich goodness.  I tried two kinds of Brownies and then bought two other kinds of Brownies.  I want to try their Ice Cream, Butter Cream shots, and other goodness that is amassed here.I chose the Choc. Butter Cream Mint while my wife took the fiery Choc.  Brownie.  I usually don't choose mint flavored items so this was out of my usual taste but I loved it.  I thought it looked the most like a Whoopie Pie and I wanted to taste some Butter Cream so I gave it a shot.  It was nice and fluffy with a superb taste of mint.  The mint wasn't strong and artificial like a Shamrock shake.  It was perfect.  My wife's Fiery one was really good except that the Chili, one is suppose to taste in the brownie seemed to be a little weak.  Maybe it was the spicy Cilantro sauce still saturating my palette that made it difficult to taste the spice, but I thought it lacked a little.  My wife agreed.  The Brownie itself was very rich and gooey, but not a buy again for either of us.  I still give them 5 stars even if this wasn't up to par.  The Brownie was still great as a Brownie just not quite enough chili.  I also had a chance to taste the Drunken Chunky Blondie and I know I will go back and order this.  I was going to order this but I knew I needed to expand my knowledge of this place and order something different.  I love the slight taste of Bourbon in the Blondie along with the chunks of chocolate and nuts.  I will return for a full taste of this.   Pricing is also pretty good as it is $3 for Brownie and$.50 for Butter Cream shots.  This place is valued well. I am really glad I ran 3 miles this morning or I would feel more guilty about this guilty pleasure.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,8/21/2012,115,228,3,2,2>I've been a Starbucks person rather than a Cup O' Joe person for the longest time. I used to work for Starbucks, and my palate is finely-attuned to their coffee; I almost never get coffee at COJ. That having been said? If I'm doing the cafe thang in Bexley, you'll find me at COJ and not the Starbucks two doors down.Things that I prefer about this COJ location to its neighbor:The patio is fenced in, and overall a bit friendlier to hanging out as it's not right next to Main Street.The iced tea at COJ is superior. I don't love their coffee, and the one time I got a smoothie it was kind of meh, but I drink black iced tea 9 times of 10 when I go to a coffee shop these days so good iced tea is a winner for me. (I kind of ruined myself on coffee. I had an insane coffee habit, and now I think I'm broken.)Bagels! They have a great bagel selection and a few different flavors of cream cheese. They also have chips and some other food that I haven't tried yet (some stuff from Pattycake, some cheesecakes, some sandwiches/wraps and salads). My only complaint is that some of the items don't have prices on them. I'm not an "order first, find out the price later" kinda gal, nor do I want to go through the line and ask how much everything is. - UPDATE: They did add some prices to their cheesecakes and bakery items! Now, if only the other food . . . (Also? I wish the creative drink names had descriptions on the menu. There's a drink that's called "Joe Cool" or something similar--which I would normally think, "Iced coffee," but iced coffee is ALSO on the menu. Then there are variations of that drink, plus other drinks with creative-but-not-real-descriptive names. Menu descriptions would rock.)We also get really good service there. Not every time--there's a couple people who give adequate but not terribly interested service; the other night I went in and it was kind of Bro City, which made me cringe--but everyone else gives us really excellent service when we go in. They all pretty much remember what we like to order; I love that attention to detail. Like my friend Bmac said, it could probably use a little love in the decor department--but that's one of the things I actually LIKE about it. I love the worn floors and the well-used tables. I feel at home. I know it doesn't appeal to everyone, but it's a great mix between a divey coffee shop and a nice coffee shop to me--you get the ambiance you want, but the good service that you also want.Overall, A+ to Bexley COJ. It's not perfect, but it's my preferred hangout now that I live in OTE... in case you couldn't tell by my 70 or so check-ins.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,8/20/2012,370,523,,7,5>Clover Retreats was just what we needed! I found Clover Retreats through the Hocking Hills website when I narrowed down the available cabins to those allowing dogs. I then went through all the choices and found that Clover Retreats is the only facility that allows up to 3 dogs of any size and breed (except agressive breeds, whatever that means). We happen to have 3 dogs, one small, one medium, and one large. So, this was perfect and we agreed to pay the $100 fee for 3 dogs (50 for 1, $75 for 2). Clover Retreats made me even more happy when I found they have a great functional website with 360 degree virtual tours of their cabins. They have 4 cabins. 3 surround a little lake. One is off to the side. We stayed in the LeMoines Lakehouse. All the cabins were $150/night with a two night minimum for a winter weekend (a great price). Our cabin was very cozy. It was definitely worn in, but everything that needed to be clean was clean and it was full of everything we needed and more. They even had board games. There were plenty of extra blankets and enough towels. The beds and pillows were comfortable and the couches were awesome. The loft was really private and would have been great if we had friends coming down to stay with us another weekend. The best part was the view off the back deck to the lake, the back yard fire pit, and the HOT TUB. Loved the hot tub!! The deck felt private and in the woods and view was blocked by surrounding trees. They even have community paddle boats to use out on the lake. They also have a seperate swimming and fishing lake for guests with a playground.They had free wifi, which was awesome since their's no cell service there. They also don't have a check-in office. They just give you a code to enter your cabin, which made it feel more private. The cabin owners were great with communications about reservations and cabin information. My only complaint was that the gas fire place did not work and the kitchen sink was leaking. They do seem to keep up the cabins as they were working all weekend renovating the one next to our, but we encountered these two non-issue issues. It was overall a great experience for a relaxing weekend in Hocking Hills. Note: These cabins are a 30 minute winding drive to the state park caves, but I preferred staying away from the crowds.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/19/2012,78,138,3,5,4>Man alive, on a Friday.  No kidding, this place is great.I had the good fortune of stopping by here last night for dinner.  I'm very happy that I did.  We got a couple of apps to start, not sure of the names, but one was plantains and tomatoes and onions and whatnot, and it was pretty good.  Then we got some empanadas, three to a plate.  They were pretty tasty, and the cilantro sauce they were served with really highlighted them well.  Actually, the cilantro sauce is good with pretty much everything.After a fairly titanic struggle, I settled on the Carne Asada.  Good idea alert.  First off, steak.  Yum.  Second off, egg.  Yum.  Steak and eggs for dinner.  For.  The.  Win.  The steak was pretty good, and the egg on rice actually went together really well, somewhat surprisingly.  It wasn't too expensive for a significant portion of food, either.  The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the arepitas that came with my carne asada.  Given that these were little corn cakes about the size of a quarter, you can see how insignificant of a fault this is.  Even then they weren't bad, just not wonderful.Our service was good, no complaints there.  It was starting to get pretty crowded (on a Tuesday night) around 7:00pm, so may want to drop by a little earlier than that.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,8/18/2012,83,222,,6,4>I literally just got done getting my nails done here.  First of all I avoided coming here for awhile because I wanted to stay loyal to Bexley Nails. But yesterday I attempted to get my nails done at my regular spot and ended up waiting a full hour and leaving without service.  Nail Styling Salon is super close to my office and cheaper than my other spot. They are also super quick. I had my gel nail manicure done in 30 mins, which means this is the perfect spot for getting your nails done on your lunch time. The selection of gel colors is great and the space is clean. Sue, who did my nails, was thorough and friendly and did a bang up job. Hot towels, hand massages and a free bottle of water.I will be for sure coming back
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,8/17/2012,135,164,2,3,3>Shopping at this place just makes me feel more green.  I found everything from eco friendly cosmetics, clothing, accessories, tableware, home decor, to fair trade jewelry, and supplies for composting.  When I went up to the cash register to pay for my item, the cashier (who I later found out to be the owner) totally did not acknowledge my presence for like 3 minutes.  It was completely unintentional though.  When he realized I was standing there he apologized and explained that he was so engrossed in his computer because he had learned of a nearby quarry that had runoff going into the water supply and he was trying to find it on Google Maps.  hah  It's nice to see that the owners genuinely are concerned about the environment and actively participate in efforts for change.  I forsee myself coming back to buy gifts for bdays, xmas etc.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,8/16/2012,309,391,4,5,4>It took me nearly 5 years to muster the courage to stop in to this shady shack and sample the goods. My review is so that you don't make the same mistake of driving past Woody and Jo's day in and day out, wondering if it's worth the stop. It's totally worth the stop.Appearance is everything, and that's probably why so many of you have skipped over this Rib Shack. A window here and there that isn't boarded up, a better sign, perhaps some cheerful paint and this place would have 40 Yelp Reviews. After living in this 'hood for 2 years I still hadn't stepped foot inside. It took moving out of Weinland Park and to Olde Towne and then back to Campus before we were drunk enough to say "Fuck it, let's go get some ribs". And then we feasted.The inside is just as in need of repair as the outside. A wealthy friend of the neighborhood could do some great work helping out this locally owned business just by buying some paint. The girl at the counter was sweet as can be and took our order for a whole slab and half slab of ribs. For 4 people the total came to $30. We took our loot home (nowhere to dine inside) and stuffed ourselves and had ribs leftover. Our order came with buttered bread which was not needed, but the boys made short work of it by using it as a primitive tool for slopping up sauce. Our ribs were sloppy saucy, just the way I like it.These ribs aren't Ray Ray's ribs. They're not City BBQ ribs. But they're still darn good ribs. Smokey and meaty and just a bit tough, this is quality drunk food. I used the leftover bones and meat to make a bean soup (which was amazing).Granted, I was intoxicated, but I'm pretty sure Woody and Jo's is cash only. And I think I saw a sign about not accepting $20 bills? So bring $5's and $10's to be on the safe side.With Weinland Park facing some major renovation and gentrification in the near future, I really hope Woody and Jo's sticks around. Maybe with a facelift and room to dine in.Go. Eat. Ribs.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,8/15/2012,1059,2140,4,8,6>FINALLY I have found my go to Mexican in Columbus!It was a long and hard journey and I was really about to give up but after hearing so many good reviews about the Casa and being in the area we gave it a whirl!I am a lover of refried beans and LOVE how they bring you a plate of them with slaw and salsa for starters!I have to admit I ate 4 plates of of the beans and a ton of the salsa before we left but it was that good!Everyone agreed this is the freshest and tastiest salsa we have ever had, as well as the beans, no cans or lard here!I got the fajita taco salad which was very good and my husband and son the combo platter which for once was really worth it!They got a chimichanga, chalupa (needless to say blows taco bells away) and burrito, each were big, and very very good, my husband had it with steak and my son with chicken, both were very tasty.Their spanish rice is also among the best, no dry, flavorless heatlamp grains here, it was fresh and yummy!The prices are fair and they have an awesome dessert menu (fried ice cream, churros, fried apple burrito, I want it all!) but we were  too full and will have to be back!Service is very friendly and fast and the decor is elaborite and clean, nice place for the family and a great meal!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,8/14/2012,107,100,5,8,6>Can you say pizza, cannoli, friendly staff, pizza, pizza, pizza? Even writing about this place makes me want to go there again tonight. The restaurant is located in downtown Westerville. (which everyone should check out) I feel as though the restaurant is suffering dual personalities because of a recent remodel, but it is still so delicious and adds to its quaint personality so I am not going to complain. Off the street there is an open restaurant with multiple tables, then walk further in and you see the original Pasquales. (You use to be able to only enter it from the alley, now they have a street side entrance). The interior is decorated as though you are sitting outside of an Italian eatery, complete with fake shrubbery, bricks, and a pastry counter. We ordered a 14" supreme pizza and split a dinner salad. Now, let me just cut to the details, their pizza is amazing. Normally, no matter where you go you can easily blot the grease off of a slice of pizza... but this place is different. They use just a little bit of sauce, layer on the toppings, and then put the cheese on top of that. This leaves a fresh, crunchy pizza (where the peppers and everything you ordered on top aren't soggy and grease-ridden) and then extra cheese-i-ness on top! I just can't do this pizza justice, go try it... now... I mean why are you still reading this??After gorging ourselves on pizza we also split a cannoli (this is not advised due to their naturally small size and how delicious they are, go ahead, just get 2..or 3...). The staff here is also super friendly. I went on a week day night and it seemed like everyone in the place must have been regulars since they all heckled each other and customers greeted staff by first name and vice versa. This family eatery has hit a soft spot in my love for food, and I will stop back here again for sure!!How come you haven't left to go there yet??
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,8/13/2012,97,185,3,5,2>For years now I've been dreaming of a salad bar type restaurant. I'm obsessed with salads. There really isn't anything better to eat if you have a nice big salad in front of you with fresh toppings. The location of this place is A+ being near the Ohio Theatre and having a cute little outdoor seating area near a fountain. The interior decor is nice even though I don't like their IKEA lights hanging from the ceiling. We came after a little after 6pm for dinner. The place wasn't busy at all. I decided that for my first time I'd order a salad that was on the menu instead of building my own. After 5pm they told me that fountain drinks are free so that was a nice little surprise. The food was tasty and the salads are HUGE. I'll be back, Market 65.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/12/2012,19,189,,3,3>There is no part of me that would ever figure that a world class beer selection would be tucked away in a strange looking strip mall, on a rarely traveled portion of Kenny Road. Is looks like a dump from the outside, but a sign proudly proclaims "Over 500 Types of Beer ! " So when I first moved to Columbus, I felt obligated to check this place out.  This store has nearly every type of beer, that you could want ranging from imports to local micro-brews that you really  can't find any place else.  If you want something that they don't have at the moment, ask, and the guys behind the counter will most likely order it for you. The staff really knows beer. One of the things that made me really appreciate this was around the time of the year that Great Lakes Christmas Ale came out.  When I lived in Dayton, I had no problem finding this stuff, but for some reason in Columbus, it flys off the shelves.  I arrived at Kenny Road and found that they did have some GL in stock, but I wanted to try some other beers that were similar.  they introduced me to several local options, such as CBC, and Elevator that I enjoyed better then Great Lakes.So if you want to try some beer, and know what you like, but aren't sure where to go, just go ask the guys at Kenny Road Market, they'll be able to help you out. There is also almost always an impressive selection of discounted beers that are slightly past the sell by date that you can get for really good prices, that  if you drink up right away you won't be able to tell the difference.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,8/11/2012,33,299,,3,2>Fabulous park - lovely and relaxing.  Don't be fooled by its smaller size as compared to other metro parks - there is still a lot of neat stuff to see!  There is a boardwalk trail through the wetland area in the forest, a trail in the forest, and a nice paved path going throughout the gardens.  The plants and flowers are grouped into gardens, such as a rose garden, an herb garden, and a fern garden.  There are streams, a small waterfall, a pond, and a variety of additional features throughout the gardens.  There are a number of birds and critters - we saw the flight of a great red-tailed hawk.  The Sisters' Garden, intended for children, is very fun, with places to play like Granny's House and a little tree house, and has several of its own smaller gardens, including a Secret Garden and a Storyteller's Garden that features a whole tale in an almost labyrinth style - very cute.There is an additional trail off the parking lot, the Chipmunk Chatter Trail, which connects through to Sunbury Road.  It goes through a forested area with a little pond, and there are a lot of birds and wildlife in the area.  It is a nice paved trail, so we also saw a number of joggers and runners utilizing it.It is also a nice place to go just to relax - and there are plenty of benches for just such a purpose.  Biking, blading, pets, food, etc are not allowed in the actual park.  Whether you are going to explore or relax, there is plenty of space and opportunity for both!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/10/2012,68,90,6,9,6>This has to be my new favorite place in the city, Great cheap eats, and delicious fresh squeezed margaritas! When you can go have a nice meal for two and a couple cocktails each for $30 you know you've struck gold.El Camino has a very limited but delicious menu of Tacos, Gorditas, Burritos, etc. It is basic Mexican street fare which is apparently what their chef used to do. Food ranges from $2 - $8 so you dont have to worry about taking out a second mortgage to eat.The decor here is..uhh Hipster Retro Chic (is that even a thing??) with the music being played through a record players.. (insert gasp here)..yes folks there are still some that work The staff is friendly and service is FAST, which is a good thing considering seating is very limited.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,8/9/2012,34,66,5,5,6>Here's a cool place I for whatever reason had never been to before last week.  Mouton (which translates to "sheep" in French, though I'm not certain this is of any relevance), in its bright white glory, is an elegant cocktail bar situated across from, of all things, a White Castle.   With an atmosphere that somehow borders on rustic and sterile all at once, this establishment is far removed from those dingy dungeons down High Street where alcohol also happens to be served.Our bartender was particularly helpful, as we arrived in a large group and had difficulty selecting our cocktails from the menu (primarily because everything looked so damn good!).  At one point he offered to buy one customer's drink of which he had selected for her, should she not have liked it.  Ultimately, he didn't have to. I ordered the Root Highball, which tasted like a ginger snap and was fantastic.  A friend ordered the OYO Collins, made with locally-distilled OYO vodka, lemon juice and grenadine.  On a side note, everyone who worked here seemed exceptionally attractive.  I felt mildly self-conscious, and ducked into the bathroom to make sure I wasn't a hot mess.  How forgiving good lighting can be.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,8/8/2012,31,145,,7,4>I've finally found good Asian (note: Non-Japanese) food in Columbus! I'm basing this off of one meal, but that one dish was better than the dozens I've had at other Chinese/Thai/Japanese combination Asian restaurants in Columbus.I can't remember the name of the dish, but the noodles were tiny little things. The noodles had eggs, bok choy, chicken, pork, scallions and an amazingly rich and tasty sauce. The portion was HUGE--easily enough food for two or three meals.  My boyfriend's dish wasn't as big, but it was delicious. He asked for his to be moderately spicy, and they definitely were.Service was fast and nice. I had the chrysanthemum tea--it was too sweet for me, but it was still really tasty. We got out of there for less than $20.00, which is really a steal in my opinion. Most of the places around Columbus usually cost us $25-$35.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,8/7/2012,125,159,3,5,4>Short and sweet review....If you like Greek Food...from the traditional moussaka, dolmathes, lemon potatoes, hummus, rice pudding, spanikatopa (er..something like that) and gyros, then Anna's is great!!   They have a buffet on Sunday, I believe that has all that and more.  Family run joint, local Dubliners with high quality ingredients and love.  What more can you ask?  If you REALLY like greek food, then this place is fantastic.  Octopus, Seafood, Greek Beer are great!!!  Authentic and not at your average Greek place in C-Bus.  THE AVGOLEMONO SOUP IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER HAD ANYWHERE PERIOD.   It is more cream-based than chicken-broth-based ...somewhere in the yummy rich middle.  You must order a bowl of it...nuff said.LAMB LAMB LAMB - I love lamb and the Greeks love lamb and Anna's does it as good as anyone from my experience in several different presentations.This is a  classic "strip mall restaurant" that hits it out of the park and is worth a destination drive for Greek/Mediterranean Food.Oh..did I mention that you feel like your eating in a Greek seaside courtyard?  Yeah, that happened - you'll see why when you get there!!B
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,8/6/2012,38,155,,3,2>Came here yesterday for lunch with a friend who has Czech ancestry, which apparently is pretty close to Polish when it comes to food. We both ordered "Grandma Olga's favorite," which includes 2 giant pierogis, 2 side dishes and bread.I got one potato, cheddar bacon pierogi and the other with mushrooms and swiss. Both were tasty. For my sides I got sauerkraut and homemade dumplings, and cabbage and noodles. The sauerkraut was OK. I'd never had Polish dumplings before or cabbage and noodles, so I have no standard of comparison but I thought they were good. My friend got green beans and bacon, cucumber salad for her sides with and extra side of mashed potatoes. She said all of hers were delicious, though we were both surprised at the cucumber salad and thought it would have sour cream. It was all so filling I couldn't finish it, despite having gone on a long run that morning. I was impressed my friend managed to clean her plate though and got dessert =). I helped her with some Kolachkys and Lady locks. Neither of us had had kolachkys before and expected them to be crunchy, but they were soft and fresh and really good. The lady locks were really good too, and the first time I'd tried that too. Also, the lady who served us was super friendly and added to the experience being a positive one.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,8/5/2012,117,189,,6,4>As far as Asian markets go, this place takes cake. First thing that came out of my mouth when I walked in, "This place smells so good!" Now ladies, not a flowery, bath and body type smell - but a yummy fish/food smell. The smell of quality goodness.Catering to the true Asian community in Columbus, you have to know this place is the real deal. And with affordable sushi and desserts in the next door section - you can pick up ingredients for dinner, while stopping for lunch!While the "beauty" section isn't as extensive as I'd like (still can't find BB Cream!) - it defintely contains quality products over quantity.On a hot summer day, I recommend picking up some mochi, sitting outside the cafe, and enjoying the Columbus sunshine! :)
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,8/4/2012,142,94,2,4,2>I love the Bexley ZenCha. Must more room then their Short North location, a friendly staff, and delicious teas and food. I love coming here for brunch with friends or to just chat over a nice cup of Fresh Fruit Spring tea (my favorite - it's like tea koolaid!)The staff is always so nice and understanding - each "tea ambassador" will be happy to listen to your likes/dislikes and then suggest a tea based on that information... so don't be afraid if you aren't a tea drinker - they'll hook you up.While street parking is available as well - be warned - parking in the lot directly next to ZenCha at lunch is prohibited and their business neighbor across the parking lot will have your car towed with pure delight and job - to the tune of $140.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,8/3/2012,114,521,3,3,3>I've pretty much decided that anything Kenny and Misako create, I will go eat. Japanese crepes? Incredible. Takoyaki? Yum. After checking out the Yakitori, this feels like something transplanted out of Seattle right smack into Columbus. I will stop being surprised and just go try anything they come up with. I fully expect that a year from now, they'll be doing something insane like tempura battered warthog assholes, and I'll be writing yet another five star review...Skewers are tasty and cheap, though I admit the bill adds up quickly when you get into a "TRY ALL THE THINGS" mode. The Kalbi skewers, grilled rice ball, pork cheek, and Okonomyiaki fries (OMG, the okonomiyaki fries) stood out as all stars, but the real shock and awe moment for me was their amazing fresh grilled oyster - some of the best seafood, hands down, I think I've ever had in Columbus - and I am generally NOT a shellfish fan!Get in an order, pull up a seat at the bar, buy a ramune (or a beer...or a shot...or a beer and a bunch of shots....) and enjoy.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,8/2/2012,278,274,,3,4>Totally my kind of place.A bit Asian kitsch, it's exactly what I love.  It's out of the way, but still on Front Street.  It feels a bit mysterious.  Like the underground dens you see in movies.Enter, and you'll submerge in darkness punctuated with glowing red lanterns, bar tenders that fit the decor and just about everything else you'd expect.  Darkness keeps you slightly anonymous, the mirrors behind the bar let you discreetly observe.Add a wift of mist, or that would really be unique white charcoal smoke from the Yakitorium, and it completes the scene.Top it off with your pick of shoju (my new favorite) and you will have one heck of an experience.  Take that drink and abscond to the upper level and recline.....They spin tunes, but it's not over the top or too loud.  Several owners almost co-op the place, and their equal investment shows.  We were made very welcome.Shoju is magical - and has many a story from its consumption... beware
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,8/1/2012,28,115,6,4,3>After my favorite sushi bar Mikado went downhill, my son and I needed a new favorite place to go every weekend like we used to do and this place has filled that void. The decor can't even compare to that of Mikado. Mikado crushes Haruki in that department. But forget the ambiance, which is perfectly fine here, the service and the food are great. The sushi was mouthwatering and addictive like my old favorite once was. They don't have the variety of fried sushi rolls that Mikado has, which are my favorite, but they do have some. They have plenty of variety of sushi types and the other Asian cuisine you expect from a sushi bar. My son is weird and orders plain sushi with nothing in it, just rice and nori. The new guy at Mikado never really quite got that right and had a hard time wrapping his head around the concept the first time and kept badgering my stubborn drama queen of a son into eating like normal people. There's nothing normal about my son and you'll never be able to get him to act normal. The more you try, the more psycho he'll act. This place asked no questions, just made the little weirdo his pointless sushi. That greatly improved the quality of my evening. He's like the Incredible Hulk. Give him his way and he's a nice mild mannered average guy. But trust me, you won't like him when he's angry. For dessert I tried Japanese ice cream. It was chocolate ice cream balls with a thick, gummy, chewy, bread-like rice skin. The coating had a weird texture. It was like little pods filled with ice cream, and the ice cream had more the texture of sherbert or frozen yogurt. It was strangely delicious. It was like eating alien food. The green tea though, was toxic. Stay away from it. I could taste the foul tap water they used to make it and that chlorinated toilet water taste we all avoid overpowers the tea leaves. I could be really harsh here about how terrible it was but I'm just going to quit while I'm ahead. Is filtered water really that expensive? They couldn't just go next door to Kroger and get a jug of the clean drinking water? This was shorter than a lot of the reviews I write but there isn't much to say. Delicious sushi, good service, decent decor, terrible green tea. Go there. The end.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,7/31/2012,115,131,,3,3>Cantina in a nutshell:  Hit it for the happy hours.  From 5-7 they have $5 margarita/vodka/draft beer pitchers, $5 pizzas, etc.  Also, throw your name in the hat for the all you can eat taco happy hour that includes $2 wells, drafts, etc from 7-9 on a random weeknight.  The tacos are pretty decent, and the drink prices are more than fair.This place is usually packed, and my friends and I are here usually 1-2 times per week.  Sunday is definitely funday!  They do an all you can eat brunch buffet from noon - 3 for $10, and for another $5 you can get two mimosas, screwdrivers, or bloody marys.  The brunch buffet includes all kinds of traditional breakfast food, like pancakes, french toast, sausages, bacon, etc. but there is also a build your own omelet bar where you just grab what toppings you want from the buffet and they will put it together for you.  It's pretty hard to beat.They have a "free" wifi that will pop up on your device, but there's a password on it.  I've never asked the password before, but to me that kind of defeats the purpose of "free".The staff here is pretty friendly although the music does get pretty loud and it can be difficult to have conversation.  Overall though, I'm a pretty big fan of Cantina.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,7/30/2012,146,161,5,4,3>Stopped by here for the ceremonial Valentine's day floral arrangement. I usually go Proflowers or FTD, but I got tired of having wilted, beat up flowers delivered to my girlfriend. So I decided to go old fashioned, buy and deliver them myself.As I walked up to the door, I could see a long haired cat (I didn't get his/her name, so I shall call him "Chuck") sitting in the main windowsill, as if it was a guardian or gargoyle of the establishment. I walk in and like all floral shops, it's very colorful with tables of flowers, baskets, chocolates with randomly dispersed boyfriends and husbands wandering around looking for inspiration.The staff is very welcoming and helpful. I told her I did not want the stereotypical roses, and that I wanted to create an arrangement that included gerbera daisies (my girlfriends favorite). We talked about some options for what flowers could accomodate the daisies and the price. She went to the back and did her magical flower arrangement thing while I hung out in the front. Now here comes Chuck. Even though Chuck had a "Trespassers beware: long haired cat on premises" look, Chuck was the friendliest, most playful cat you could ever come across in a store. The staff provided a balled up wad of tissue paper that Chuck apparently loves to play with. Watching Chuck run around batting this ball of tissue paper helped pass the time.When I came home my girlfriend loved them. And as a bonus, they looked great in a vase. Most of the time when arranged flowers are transferred to a vase, you get a true sense in how sparse the flower arrangement is. These flowers filled the vase like a champ. This shop is my flower shop of choice now, as they have great service and Chuck the cat.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,7/29/2012,169,192,,4,3>I'm a big fan of Basil! I've been there a handful of times and I didn't realize what my favorite item on the menu was until my most recent visit. Coconut curry!! I want it now as I type. As a restaurant in general here are my pros and cons:Pros:- Good, consistent food (in my opinion)- Gorgeous interior- Great place for a date- Also great to accomodate huge groups (large table, large back room that you can reserve)Cons:- Not the best service (always friendly but can be rather slow and/or rushed)- During our last visit (after they expanded and renovated) there was a strong chemical odor. Awful.- For the whole experience, it feels a bit pricey
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,7/28/2012,21,106,4,3,3>Aw, I actually like this place! The menu changes every so often, though, so I guess that's why I couldn't locate in it the meat loaf or buckeye pie last weekend.The service ranges from fair to very friendly, so I guess it's a sort of hit or miss. But I'm not the type of person who really cares to chat with my server; as long as he or she does the job sufficiently *at the least*, then he or she gets the standard tip--no more, no less.Anyway, I've typically found the portions here to be quite heavy--my mac 'n' cheese last week knocked me up with a food baby--so be ready to ask for a box at the end of your meal.As for the sports entertainment, *of course* the Buckeye games are shown, as well as all of the Big Ten match-ups, I think. Last week I was also able to catch the Champions League finals, so the soccer aficionado/a is accommodated as well.Also, whenever I'm dining with a male guest, he tends to return from the restroom noting the transparent wall behind the urinals from which one can see out into the bar area but not see in--so Eddieee, why can't the ladies have that kind of amusement too? :-D
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/27/2012,260,212,1,7,5>Gateway Film Center is geared towards students with student discount prices at $6.50. Sign up for a SBB card and get the same discount for you and a date. Parking at the garage is only $1 with a validation at the theater (don't forget your ticket!). This is one of my favorite theaters in Columbus (other one being Movie Tavern in Hilliard). Things are always happening here. Last time I was here there was free popcorn. They are also very proactive about getting indie movies shown. I love the events that they have - I'm going to the Princess Bride showing in two weeks and super excited about it. The Princess Bride is part of an event series sponsored by the Columbus Metropolitan Library for "books to movies" screenings (Free admission with a library card). Definitely check their event calendar for things coming up. I know they have a double barrel screening of western movies this summer as well. You can always find something to do here whether it be catching the latest flicks, reminiscing on a classic, or playing trivia. They also serve pretty good food and beer. It's not like regular movie theater prices. Their seats are clean and comfortable too!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/26/2012,129,540,2,6,2>It was my birthday again last week, and it had been a few years (unfortunately) since we'd treated ourselves to Moshi, so we set out to Bexley on Tuesday evening.  There's no getting around the fact that the entrance from the interior parking lot is going to be a little awkward, but we were quickly welcomed and seated.  On Monday and Tuesday, basic sushi rolls are half off, and many drinks are just $5.  The boy ordered the usual Berry Blossom, which now comes in a short stout glass with diced strawberries and a berry skewer.  The restaurant offers a free sushi panini on your birthday, and since we hadn't tried it before, this was an opportune time.  We were both a little skeptical about it having read the description in the menu, but after trying it, we are definitely converts.  The crispy rice, the flavorful salmon, the avocado -- the blend of ingredients was unusual but the flavor was great!  For dinner, we went with sushi -- a Philadelphia roll, a spicy tuna roll, an eel roll (all half price), salmon nigiri, and splurged on the Scarlet Craze.  The basic rolls were good, the salmon nigiri was exceptional, and the Scarlet Craze, though it carried a hefty $17.25 price tag, was worth every penny.  Taking into consideration the happy hour specials, our bill came to about $55 including tip.We have been to quite a few sushi places in Columbus during our 3+ years here, and Moshi is the best of them when you take into account the quality, service, and ambiance.  We have never felt snubbed or condescended to here; the service is polite, attentive, and cheerful.  Granted, prices are a little more than we can afford, but that makes the occasional trip to Moshi even more of a treat.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/25/2012,94,224,4,6,6>Brand new place!!  Got a mailer announcing their Grand Opening... and a great $5 off coupon too... how could one pass that up??!!It's located in the Kroger strip mall on Sunbury and 161...Strip mall on outside, VERY nice and new inside!!Lots of color!!  All the seats are caved and painted with characters, animals, etc... felt like I was south of the border.Our server greeted us immediately and was very friendly; . I ordered the Cameron Burrito.... stuffed with grilled shrimp, onions, mushrooms, etc. Also served with all the fixings. (see my pic).  FULL OF FLAVOR!!  I was very pleased with my selection and would definitely get it again!!!Their menu selections is great... TONS to choose from!  Signs said they also had a huge lunch selections of all you can eat of pretty much anything... DANGEROUS!!They are still waiting on their liquor license though.... was told October-ish, so no Margaritas yet...Overall, I loved this new place and can't wait to go back and try some more items!!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,7/24/2012,28,130,4,7,4>Holy Heck this place ROCKS!! Their food is fresh, flavorful and oh so yummy! We were in the neighborhood, not even hungry and my guy squealed out a "We have to go there!" when he saw the sign. (note: he doesn't squeal, sometimes barely talks, so I took this as a very good sign!) ;) Its an old Chillis restaurant, so it was a bit of a clash for me, as I kept expecting sizzling steak dishes to come around the corner. The waiter was so friendly and genuinely happy about working here that I actually ordered exactly what he recommended (something I rarely do). I had a little bit of mine and my guys..... And both dishes were fantastic! The gyro meat was divine! The hummus was fresh. The pita triangles were warm and yummy.He got fries with his and let me tell you, (takes deep breath) I think they were the best fries in the world. When I say world, I mean World- as I have traveled much and even lived aboard for 6 months. They are (gulp) better than Five Guys! I do not say that lightly! All in all- I want to go back right now!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,7/23/2012,36,115,,5,6>The food, hands down, is absolutely delicious.  I've ventured and changed things up a few times, but I always go back to the chicken.  It's very good.The falafel is also amazing.  I've watched the owner press the patties himself before tossing them in the oil to cook for my order.  Yes they are uniform patties, because there is a press used (there was a review stating they must be frozen/pre-made because they were so uniform looking).You can tell the owner clearly loves cooking, and good food.  He goes out of his way to make sure you have everything you need for a delicious food experience.I'm not a fan of the chocolate balls, they are more of a dark chocolate/cocoa flavor, which isn't my thing.  I am a fan of the baklava (the smaller pieces, whichever kind that is).The seating isn't overly comfortable, and I find that the bench seats don't have a lot of depth to them, so you don't feel like you're fully ON the seat.  However, the food is so good, that you'll soon forget any discomfort as you wolf down your meal!I'm all over the place on this review, but the overall idea here is GO EAT HERE!  :)
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,7/22/2012,363,423,3,14,3>New casino in town.  Great, now we don't have to drive to Wheeling or Rising Sun to get our gambling fix.  Let's start with first impressions:  It's really nice looking, nothing flashy, you won't mistake it for a Vegas Casino.  I'm not sure how I would describe it, it doesn't really remind me of any other casino I've been in.  It's really small, basically just one big room.  Plenty of slots but nothing I haven't seen before.  There's The Wizard of Oz, Monopoly and a few other "name" slots like most other casinos have.  There are a lot of fantasy, castle, fairy princess themed penny slots all over.Anyways, it's a nice place to go spend an hour or so.  I played the $1 slots for about half an hour and ended up about $15 when I called it quits.The cocktail servers were all over the place to sell you drinks, Yuengling Black and Tan for me, please.  Service was fast and pleasant.  No smoking!  Thank goodness it didn't smell like cigarettes like you find in Las Vegas.I'll definitely go back there again to further explore and maybe get some lunch at their cafe.  It's not a place I'd expect to stay in for a long time, but like I say, for an afternoon out for a little gaming and lunch.....good place to goThere is one thing I'd tell the management though, I'd have striped the parking lot diagonally instead of straight in parking.  It's a lot easier to get in and out of diagonal spaces, especially when you've got your parking rows so tight.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,7/21/2012,138,202,8,4,6>I found myself needing to kill some time in North Clintonville one night while the Mrs. was sex-kittening, so I asked Yelp, "Yelp, at which bar shall I waste the next couple of hours playing with my phone?" Yelp didn't blink, it looked me right in the eye and said: "Aaron A., you will be going to Bobs Bar this evening." Of course, Yelp was right, I was totally going to Bobs.Wouldn't you know it, my buddy Mark ("Flo" to his friends,) was behind the bar. This could get ugly if I'm not careful.Boom! Bulleit rocks, a draft Stella and I am good to opine about the various attributes of this establishment.Bobs has an extensive collection of drafts and bottles to please the annoying beer snob in your group, and enough strip mall ambiance to balance it out. It's an unpretentious hangout for folks in the thirty-forty something demographic. Jesus, I'm so old and gross.I can tell you that there's wifi, dart boards, pool tables, one of those jukeboxes that downloads songs for you, a popcorn machine (nice) and six televisions. There is also a golf game of some sort that keeps jumping into my peripheral vision and distracting me from the all-important task of writing this review.The Republican/Clown Car debate came on one of the many televisions. The bartender quickly changed it to basketball citing the long-honored tradition of "no politics." Good job, sir.It should be noted that there is a gyro place right next door to Bobs where you can hopefully soak up some of the drinks they are going to pour you. Whatever that place is called, it may be the subject of my next, albeit less coherent, review.I don't think I would make the trip from Vic Village, but I'm sure I'll be back.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,7/19/2012,42,76,6,4,2>My mouth just started watering as I began thinking of this place again... That being said the sushi here is delish, and I'm pretty picky when it comes to my fish. I try to get something new every time. I do think that the philly roll has about twice as much cream cheese as I thing it should. But everything else is bursting with flavors. I haven't tried any of the kitchen food yet. I'm not sure I want to, since sushi bars usually don't have that level of perfection to their stir frys as they want to. It's a tiny little place, and I noticed that I caught one of the sushi chefs staring eerily, and I laughed when I read another review saying he stares too. Cause its true! But I guess since it's such a small place... i dunno. This review is making me hungry. Don't review hungry, people.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,7/18/2012,110,267,,3,5>Excellent co-op! Friendly, helpful volunteers, big space for open shop (twice the size of Third Hand, which equals more room for more workers), plenty of communal tools. I've met one if the managers, Jonathan (via phone), and he was more than willing to help out with a community event that a friend and I are organizing -  knowledgable management!I got to the shop at 7 pm - it's Tuesday night Volunteer Nite. Volunteers come and help clean up the place, organize items, converse to get everyone on the same page. Thus, it was not crowded at all, which was a plus (I didn't have to worry about talking over other people, or getting their attention).I am thoroughly excited to spend time fixing up bikes for our event. I'm planning on taking their Bike Maintainance course, they are hoping to offer it again starting in June. I will then be more of a help during volunteer hours, because I'll get a chance to apply the knowledge I learned in class. Like they say: if you don't use it, you'll loose it :D
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/17/2012,60,266,,7,5>Wow, this little shack is old school, but is esentially what all ice-cream businesses should be like. They have tons of flavors of ice-cream to choose from, and they don't just stop at the ice-cream niche. They also have a list of hot items if you're looking for a stop for dinner, or lunch as well. This place makes me remember my childhood in the small town that I grew up in. (Ashville, represent!) It's nice that places still exist in nice little towns such as Plain City.Out back are plenty of picnic tables, so stop, take some time, enjoy the day, and focus wholly on you and that ice-cream cone dripping down your hand.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,7/16/2012,124,232,1,3,1>Went to dinner here a week ago....(and then to brunch a few days later). Anytime I hear the word "diner" I think of some small town place with a few booths and a grumpy waitress. Boy, was I wrong! This place was pretty much the opposite!For dinner, I started out with the potato chips (which have some sort of blue cheese melted all over them!) Divine!! So tasty! Then had the meatloaf (of course) as I've heard all the raves over it. It was pretty much amazing, I must say! The bottom was a large piece of Texas toast, covered by a slab of meatloaf, topped with mashed potatoes and onion straws I believe. It'd definitely try it again! But beware....you'll have to undo the top button on your pants when you're finished!The service was pretty good and the atmosphere was really neat. This place will become a favorite of mine I'm sure!;o)
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,7/15/2012,63,87,7,2,1>Honestly, what the hell do I have to do to get beat up in this town?  It's 2am on a Friday night.  I'm dressed up in full Michigan State regalia after watching my beloved "B1G" Champion and NCAA #1 seeded Spartans take care of business in the first round of the tournament.  I'm hungry..and I decide I don't feel like gargling Slut Sauce tonight...I need another option.  That may not be you.  That's fine.  You may be a 20 year old co-ed with a fake-ID.  You may be a fan of the #2 seeded Bucks.  You may be one of those sad-sack contrarian Columbus natives who root for the Wolverines and are all moapy because you got pwn'd by OU.  (I draw strength from your tears)  You may be one of Columbus' finest patrolling a target rich environment (seriously guys, you could make a career over here).  That's cool.  I respect your individual lifestyle choices.  We can all have a warm meal by easing slowly, carefully and tenderly into Backdoor Burritos.The menu is simple.  Choose your favorite type of dead animal (thank you) from the short list and then in a drunken stupor just mutter something about "all of the things" to round out your nosh.  You'll get some rice, black beans, some other stuff and a delicious spicy saussss.  You'll get a substantial and tasty meal perfect for soaking up your sissy Appletinis.After that lean up against the wall and enjoy the show.  I saw several plastered meat-heads almost get their heads punchicized.. for free.  I saw a couple of underdressed young ladies almost make a baby with the romantic fellas they fell in love with (and met) 10 minutes ago.  (deeply moving) Then there were the other assorted tranqs, loboes and zip-heads.  Great fun.  In the end, I realized I was the bizarre freak of the area.  I was stone cold sober.Unless you're one of the undead masses tumbling out of the bar next door, good luck happening upon this joint.  It's a shelf in an alley.  Apparently you can start a food service business with the coins you found in your couch cushions.  (after you burned it when you lost to Michigan State in football too).  They are America, and you can too.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,7/14/2012,52,126,8,4,1>One of the twelve people in my department: Want to go to Hong Kong?The rest of us: Uuuuuugggghhhhhhhh (YES CAUSE WE HATE OURSELVES AND OUR BODIES).Every time we end up here for lunch we spend the rest of the day rubbing our bellies in a listless haze and yet we continue to return.For 6.99 at lunch you can have your pick of the buffet, which is pretty much a sampling of any Asian food you could desire (I stick with the hot plate items) and then some.Most of it is hit or miss but it gets the job done. Don't expect a 5 star cuisine. It's all about the value and MSG, baby!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,7/13/2012,86,139,4,6,4>Yep, all 5 of 'em.I came here the other night and spent most of the night at the bar staring in wonderment at the tenders doing their thing. It really is an artform. If you were to compare them to a normal bartender you might say the normal bartenders are Bill Keane, overall putting out some pretty terrible Family Circus comics but getting the job done and have been doing so for years. Bartenders at Curio are Bill Watterson from Calvin and Hobbes. They put a ton of thought into their comics. They make up crazy shizz you would never have even thought of. They take Calvinball, make up their own rules, and bring it to another level. This is not hyperbole. Mostly.The backroom was similarly hyperbolic with its crazy portraits of deer-headed humans and slats on the windows. I like a place with character and Curio has it going on. Plus, their couches are super comfy. If I were to go back, I would probably spend most of my time sitting in the back room.A very neat, classy, fun place that is so completely unique in Cbus. I dig it.Keep on keepin' on Bill Wattersons of the world.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,7/12/2012,60,54,,9,6>Whoever wrote the saying (actually, I think it was a book title) "Real Men Don't Eat Quiche," didn't realize the great potential of quiche.I discovered this little island of deliciousness while making a video delivery to a client, who rave about Tuula's quiche.So, I went to the counter to see what I could see here and saw a plethora of quiche. As I was walked through this palatable variety of delicacies, I absolutely had to stop the lady at the counter when she said "smoked salmon."I come from a long line of outdoorsmen (we have a few outdoorswomen, too). I would dare say that just about anyone in my family would tell you that smoked salmon is a gift from above.That being said, I have grown soft in my 30s, and while I have not actually caught my own salmon for many many years, my appreciation for for the finest fish God ever made (especially when it's smoked) has never waned.I had certainly never heard of it in a quiche. I can try just about anything once. I will be trying this again for a long, long time.The quiche itself is delicate... it absolutely melts in your mouth. No salt or seasoning required. But then you get to that salmon. Pure, smoked perfection.I know I will be returning. That much is certain I also know that I will need to try some of the other delicacies before settling into a "usual." I only fear that I may be spoiled right off the bat.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,7/11/2012,884,714,9,7,10>Like something out of a post-apocalyptic Mel Gibson flick, the lot at this junkyard/parts supplier was a wasteland/graveyard of deceased rides. Probably the place where you are least likely to find what you are looking for, it was by far the most fun to visit. Vehicles are propped up on old rims and look totally unsafe to be wrenching on from underneath...yet people do. It was also the busiest and most hopping of the bunch I visited. This, I'm sure, explains the lack of parts. Most of the vehicles have been picked to pieces. I found some crushed beer cans out there, and took solace knowing that you can get your drink on while you pick, if you so choose. There were also dirt cheap (AND dirt-Y) vehicles for sale, all of which would need a good cleaning and some fixing up, but for that price, still a deal. Inside, the staff was helpful and witty to boot. I paid a dollar to enter, but was loaned a lug wrench in case I found my part. The parking lot has a food truck, in case you food truck hipsters want to go check out a cart I'm pretty sure isn't participating in any food truck fests.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/10/2012,57,115,1,7,4>This is THE best title office in Columbus.I've been here twice now and this agency has given me the easiest time along with quick and friendly service. They know what they're doing, unlike some bureaus that exist here within Columbus.The one gal (I never caught her name but she is blonde...totally doesn't help you I know) made my day today by telling me I wouldn't have to repay for my tags (since I just got them a month ago and got a new "child" to drive in the meantime) and my plates were $12!!! Here I am, walking in there, expecting during lunch it will take forever (like most bureaus) and have to pay $100 or something ungodly. Nope!This place is a winner in my book and even though I live downtown, it's worth the effort to drive up to this place. Will continue to have this be the only bureau that I go to as long as the service stays top-notch like it is now. Excellent job folks!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,7/9/2012,26,59,4,7,5>I think Hubert may make the best mashed potatoes in the entire world.  Top those with a giant "chicken meatball" and you've got yourself some seriously delicious comfort food.  Even though I'm a fairly picky eater who verges on conservative when trying new things, I've found it's hard to go wrong with anything being dished up here.  Hubert is super friendly and will provide helpful suggestions when he sees the panicked look of an overwhelmed newbie on the other side of the counter.  But seriously.  The mashed potatoes.  O.M.F.G.  They're super creamy and probably have 4 thousand pounds of butter in them and I could sleep in a giant tub of them and be happy forever.  Well, at least until they got cold.  Getchoosome!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,7/8/2012,6,27,,3,3>I had been meaning to check this place out for some time now and my three visits within the last 2 weeks have confirmed it - I love everything here. The first time, I had a egg sandwich on the chive scone on the advice of other posters here. I'm always afraid for scones since they can be tougher and hard to eat without looking like you're gnawing on a bone - not to worry here. The scone was the best part  - warm and just a bit crumbly and soft inside with a firm outside to hold everything together - amazing. I took home a cinnamon roll and was grateful that it wasn't dripping in icing. Granted - I do love me some frosting, but it is so nice to see a cinnamon roll which had just enough sweetness but not so much as to overpower the roll and all is  carb-y greatness. Next visit was later in the day and I decided to try the salmon burger instead of the breakfast fare. Yum. Warm and tasty salmon and a perfectly paired salad. While I'm sure there are other superlatives to use, I don't want to use them all up lest you think I'm exaggerating.  My most recent visit was dinner with a friend, and I ordered the french toast sandwich and he ordered the vegan sandwich with a spicy poblano (sp?) pepper soup.  One bite into the french toast sandwich and I understand why people rave about this.  I was worried since my friend saw how great it was and suggested we split our meals - I didn't want to give up half of this! That is - until I tried his spicy vegan sandwich. I'm sorry I didn't pay more attention to what he had ordered - I think it was option #1 on the dinner menu - but it was fantastic - tasty and spicy, with a perfectly warm bun.Overall - a fantastic little place with great, fresh food. The last time I visited was later in the day and I was actually pleased to see the bakery case on the empty side - they bake what they need for the day and won't serve you anything that isn't as fresh as possible. Great attention to detail here and I will certainly be coming back,
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,7/7/2012,92,300,2,8,5>I had heard great things on Yelp(seems like all my favorite new places come from Yelp) so I stopped by with my son for some brunch. Yeah, its definitely in a run down neighborhood. Almost like a high class Oasis in a desert of dilapidation. On the inside it's got that nice old time main street feel that I just love. Pretty simple with the seating. A couple very small tables for two cramped against the wall, and one practically in the hall and two medium sized tables for 3. I wouldn't necessarily plan on sitting down during a rush. There are two display cases full of baked French goodies, some West African inspired. Many things you might recognize like the tarts, others you might not.  The owner was very helpful in helping me pick something out and went out of her way to make sure I had my delicious coffee the way I wanted it. She explained that they were still catching up from a busy weekend so the cases were a bit sparse, and they were also dealing with a big order so although my son's egg and cheese sandwhich came out quickly, I had to wait a bit on my beef chausson.  My son's sandwich was delicious! It was made with more of an egg souffle than just scrambled eggs, and sprinkled with a salty herb mix and warmed panini style.  Waiting for my food, the owner was very nice and explained what was going on and it was worth the wait! The beef chausson wasn't quite like anything I've had, but I guess it could be described as a long croissant filled with beef and sauce. It was served with a bit of pesto and what they described as "African hot sauce" which were perfect with it.   After we ate we picked out a chocolate cinnamon mini cake, which was like a big brownie for dessert later that night.  I ended up back there a few hours later though so I could pick something up to show off my new find to my mom. This time I got a mini strawberry cheesecake and an African white sweet potato tart which came with a scoop of really thick whipped cream type topping. The tart was super duper spectacular. It had a great flavor and texture and it was all balanced perfectly without being too heavy, although I wasn't too sure about the whipped topping because it seemed a lot like cool whip. I wasn't as enamored with the cheesecake however because although the flavor and texture were nice, I'm really picky with cheesecake and I was a little dissapointed by how light and fluffy it was.  Fast forward a couple hours and I'm being blown away by the mini chocolate cinnamon cake  that's been sitting in my fridge with the whipped topping. One bite and I was in love, with both the cake and the topping. I think it's way better cold than at room temperature and tasted less like cool whip and maybe more like marshmallow cream and whipped cream. I had to use my willpower to stop from eating the whole thing, but that gave out at about 2:00 AM when I ate the rest in bed with a glass of milk.  Alright, so throughout my experience with this wonderful establishment, I drifted between 3-5 stars and ended on 5. No, everything was not perfect, but here's why this is as good as it gets. First of all, it's real. These are not classicly trained bakers churning out the classics. These are people like you and me, who have loads of talent in the kitchen who are showing you and me a glimpse into how they see the world of food.  Second, you really feel like you're an important part of their life when you there. No attitudes like most places who treat you like they're annoyed that you're giving them work to do. Third, they take risks and they pay off. I very rarely go to the same place multiple times, but this is the kind of place where you will be able to have something unique and different each time.   Bottom line, this is the kind of small business that deserves a permanent place in our Columbus food scene and I would hate to ever see it leave, so I hope that as the revitalization of old town east continues, they are able to flourish in their pursuits!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,7/6/2012,120,79,,11,6>I have had a sewing machine now for over 2 years. I tried to do a few projects on my own. As a total beginner trying to self teach, everything I had made and spend so much time on ended up falling apart. So I took an intro to sewing class here last Sunday. Ah-Maz-Ing!!! I learned SO much. The instructor (Michelle) was so patient and great at what she does.  We ended up actually making a really cute wallet by the end f the 2 hours.  I enjoyed the class so much, I cannot wait untill this Sunday night where I will be back to make a skirt in a second beginner class with Emily. The classes seem morn modern and are cheaper then ones I saw at JoAnne Fabrics.The shop is adorable. I could barely even focus on my class because there was sooo much visiual stimulation at sew to seak.  The walls are covered with great projects that you can make in the classes there. The fabrics are BEYOND the coolest I have ever seen, and are really affordable. They have very unique, modern, and ethic prints you will not find in the chain fabric shops in Columbo,I cannot wait to get started on some of my very own prjects and peruse their fantastic fabrics for the perfect selection!Note- camparing prices of sewing "notions" in class (buttons, clasps, needles, ect.) Joanne's seems a little better on price for this type of thing. But they have NOTHING on this shop's fabrics!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,7/5/2012,138,148,6,5,3>After yesterdays Mexican food overload nothing like a good of american cheeseburger and fries would give the Ying to the day befores Yang. It had been a few months since I had frequented this G-burger and was greeted warmly by the manager there by name since this used to be my regular place when I lived in the neighborhood.Placed my order for the Original Graffiti Burger, Zesty house made cole slaw, Graffiti Sauce, pickles, 'maters and American cheese on two fresh not frozen 100% Premium Angus Beef grilled patties. Small order of fries here is more than enough with that kinda sammich. A regular sized drink from their self-serve soda fountains(coke products) and my favourite Gold Peak green tea topped out this order.You place your order here, they take your name and call it out when it's ready but, sometimes they'll bring it out to your table, today was one of those sometimes. My order came out quickly, hot and food porn pics worthy.Ahhh, I love good hot fries and these did not disappoint at all. Perfect skin-on fresh-cut fries, not too crispy, not too floppy, for me french fry nirvana with bottle of malt vinegar at each table. Since my last visit, thankfully they've started using new buns that are toasted and made this one awesomely huge cheeseburger. Warning Will Robinson, these burgers are tasty messy greasy good and thankfully plenty of napkins are provided at each table. If you don't end up without a small mound of used napkins count yourself "skilled", I am still trying to master this without so much paper waste.Ok, I have yet from all my visits tried a shake here. Walking out like a bloated tick usually prevents me from trying their hand-dipped shakes but some day I will. This is a great local Cbus chain that supports the local schools as reflected in the Graffiti artwork adorning the walls done by a local artist. Plenty of seating inside or outside inside this small strip center location that used to be a Sbux just northwest of the corner of Hard & Sawmill.G-Burger, I know I sometimes cheat on you with the newest burger on the block but, I love you baby, don't go changin....
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,7/4/2012,40,101,3,4,3>This place is exquisite.  It isn't white table cloths and fine china, but the food is excellent, definitely the best Mexican I've had in Columbus.My understanding is that this restaurant is the store-front expansion of a Columbus taco truck.  If so, their transition to brick & mortar restaurant was well-done.  This place is small and tucked away in a small strip mall 120 yards off Bethel Road.  The restaurant is small with limited seating and a fully visible kitchen.You order from a counter, and they bring the food to your table.  The service is exceedingly friendly.  Food didn't take long to arrive, but didn't turn around so fast that you're suspicious that it's pre-made or fresh from the microwave.The food is in a word - awesome.  I got the Tacos Gauchos (if a place puts their name on a menu item, I make a point to order it) and a taco al pastor (they say they have the best in town, so I needed to try).  Both were excellent.The Tacos Guachos was grilled steak, fajitas vegetables, cheese, and covered in bacon.  It came with a side of tortillas.  They bring limes and pickled habaneros to the table, along with several kinds of salsa which really spices things up and elevated my meal.And the taco al pastor was dynamite.  It was a mix of tender and juicy and crispy and came with a slice of fresh pineapple on top which I was not excited about conceptually but was utterly delicious and a very nice complement to the meat.This place is also affordable, and a good value.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,7/3/2012,8,24,7,4,2>My new favorite app is not something you'd be able to find in the Droid marketplace, and if you do manage to install it on your phone, you'd need a good warranty. If you've driven past the Hudson-Summit intersection since late January, you've probably noticed the large, tarp banner flailing above a storefront next to Rumba: Apps: Food 4 Friends has recently opened and has used cheap tricks to make myself and others addicted to their delicious, 'redonkulous' menu full of made-to-order appetizers. I was introduced to Apps by one of their employees, who regularly makes the rounds at Rumba cafe during shows bearing a foil pan replete with 'Wangz' (wings) and 'Skins Friends' (potato skins loaded with delicious bacon chunks and cheddar cheese). "Take as many as you like." quickly turned into "Can I take your order?" as I became a fan of their menu full of guilty, deep-fried pleasures such as breaded boneless wings, potato skins and breaded jalapenos stuffed with cheese (Polly's Poppers)--all of which you can order in a sampler for around five bucks. The menu takes some getting used to, as it uses the vernacular of a hippie, Juggalo, and a skater. A small is a "Dink" serving, and the largest serving size is referred to as "Juggernaut."You can sit inside and eat your meal, take it home, or take it next door to Rumba who seems supportive of their neighbors and have no problems with you getting your eat on in their establishment. Music and deep-fried food? Sign me up! The owner is often in the shop in the later hours, working on new sauces and making sure things are running along. He seems pretty open to feedback, which is something you can't get with major franchises. If you want to treat yourself to a meal as naughty as it sounds, and if you like supporting local businesses hit up Apps: Food 4 Friends.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,7/2/2012,171,384,,3,4>Holy shit. Hidden gem in Marysville.I'm big on the home-grown stuff, and this place utilizes there own farm, features local wines, and change up their menu as the seasons progress.This is like the middle ground between Old Bag (beers and burgers) and Doc Henderson's (upscale and pricey).A few friends and I have been here a few times - and the staff is extremely friendly, with fair prices and *great* service. GET THE BURGER. Or the sliders - it's all delicious - and the goat cheese?Simply amazing.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,7/1/2012,123,50,4,8,8>At first, while standing in line waiting for my turn, I was bit intimidated.  I'm not too keen on putting your food together like 'bd's Mongolian Grill'... only because of my own fault - apparently I don't make very good choices of putting ingredients together.  My friends told me that Piada is like Chipotle, but Italian-fied.  Okay, I can work with that.  As my turn was approaching, I studied their vertical menu feverishly.  I decided to order a Pepperoni Piada Stick, Pasta Bowl, and Lobster Bisque.  In case you are wondering, I did share the above mentioned items ^^;;Pepperoni Piada Stick made a nice street snack, it was crispy and tasty.  For the pasta bowl, I got chicken (I wanted the crispy chicken fritte, but I didn't see it), arugula, cucumbers, mixed greens, mushrooms, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, and white beans topped off with pomodoro sauce.  It rocked.  There was an artist in me afterall!!!!!  Just kidding... anyways, it was really good; very savory.  The lobster bisque, unfortunately, wasn't my style.  There wasn't anything wrong with it,it was packed with lot of flavor, but it just wasn't for me.  Oh also, I got the Orange Italian Soda~  Yummmm.  I think they have three flavors, but I only got to try the Orange one.  They also have regular fountain drinks, too.I will be coming to Piada again, next time, with my new-found appreciation of food creation! :p
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,6/30/2012,67,288,4,2,3>It's a little odd (or maybe just unhealthy) eating French Fries as a meal, but taking Tatoheads for what it is; a food truck devoted to fries, I can't give it anything less than five stars.Since I went with friends I was able to taste the tater tots, the regular fries with black pepper and parmesan, and the sweet potato fries with the curry aoli.  All three things were amazing.  Beyond amazing actually, since I've been thinking of the sweet potato fries since last week.Definitely worth the five minute wait in the cold.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,6/29/2012,19,85,4,3,2>Here's how my first experience with Cafe Bella went, in a nutshell:I came here with a friend on a weekday night on another friend's recommendation. we grabbed our drinks from a cooler, sat down, and the waitress asked us if we had any "allergies, issues with meat, preferences, anything?" We said no. She disappeared, we assumed for menus. But instead of menus, she came out with appetizers- bruschetta with eggplant- then left again. Then came back with salad, then the entree- pasta with eggplant parmesan on one side and chicken parm on the other. Popped in a few more times to make sure the food was okay. Asked us if we wanted dessert, so we asked what it was. Crepes. So sure, we ordered those too.So basically, we didn't choose a single thing we were going to eat that night. I can see that causing issues for someone who is very picky about their food- though it sounds like they're willing to accommodate different tastes (veggie/vegan, allergies, preferences, etc.). Personally, I loved it. Just be warned, it's not your typical American dining.The food? It was good. Restaurant pasta is hard to mess up, granted. I think my favorite part was the eggplant parmesan, which tasted fresh and delicious, and the salad. Yeah I know it's weird to love salad, but this was GOOD salad- fresh greens (no iceberg or romaine lettuce), homemade dressing. Perfect. The crepes for dessert were a little bland, but otherwise everything was delicious.Given that we didn't order anything, I was a little concerned about what the bill would be, but it was very reasonable. $15 for drinks, appetizers, salad, entrees, and desserts. The amounts weren't huge (this ain't Applebees) but they were just right for me. Overall, I had a great experience eating at Cafe Bella even though I had zero idea what to expect when I got there. It's a strange mix of an upscale and uber-casual environment, but I like it. And I'll be back.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,6/28/2012,72,39,2,4,3>The latest stop in my attempt to breakfast my way across the city, Grand Day Cafe is a warm and welcoming place to brunch. Decor here is cheerful and tacky, with buckets of cream and jam piled high on blonde wood tables along with all the condiments a girl could ask for. Along the ceiling is a geriatric floral border and the landscape paintings that line the walls are forgettable, but tall windows let in loads of flattering natural light and lend an airy feeling to an early morning meal.This menu is a crowd-pleaser, and a safe bet for even the fussiest foodies. Breakfast and lunch options range from classics like burgers and biscuits and gravy to grilled tilapia, huevos rancheros, and crispy stuffed portabello. I had my heart set on eggs benedict, and this place provides: no less than seven variations grace the menu, including shrimp and steak and even fried chicken, but the Eggs Blackstone was it for me. The grilled tomato fell apart on my fork, the eggs were perfectly poached, and the whole thing was swimming in rich creamy hollandaise and covered in crumbly bacon bits. The only thing that could have made it better was a slice of avocado - and it did.My husband had the special, a crispy fish and bacon wrap that he crunched on happily between compliments to the chef. We ordered sides of fruit and hash browns to share, and I recommend you do the same. These potatoes are crispy shredded slices of golden brown deliciousness. There's hot sauce tableside (even Sriracha!), but feel free to be stingy - these bad boys are already tasty as is. The fruit cup was smallish but fresh, and added some guilt-free sweetness to the spread.Service has always been aces for us, it's a friendly staff and they're quick with the refills. As a two-top we never have to wait long, and they're always accommodating when I request a booth. On my last visit the waitress was pretty and sweet and swift with our orders, you can't ask for much more than that. With the chinzy decorations and familiar dining cliches, Grand Day can feel a bit like a chain. There's the First Watch-style health nut dishes, the Bob Evans-esque prices and plywood paneling. But the customers are local and low-key, and the rustling of newspaper is a more common sound than the chatter of children. It's the ultimate alternative to big business breakfast, and a tasty little stop for a sunny Saturday.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,6/27/2012,28,247,3,4,4>This place reminds me of a blue collar version of Bar Louie. I have no idea where my mind formed that idea, but it just did. If you ever want to be around hockey fans and watch hockey, or pregame before a hockey game, or celebrate after a hockey game, then this is the place. There's hockey memorabilia adorning the walls and even seat backs. There's a pool table. There's a popcorn machine. There's always some good beer special, which typically includes Labatt.  I was blown away at how good their pizza is. It's like crazy good. I'm also always surprised at how nice and clean their bathroom is. There's a good vibe of people here and the testosterone definitely outweighs the estrogen levels, but it's not meat head or aggressive testosterone, which is pleasant. I've been over dressed here a few times and that will get you some looks but whatever, no biggie.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,6/26/2012,39,128,2,4,4>Hip, hip hooray for this great green space in downtown Columbus. Here are a few of my favorite things...-Outdoor seating and plenty of space for a picnic-Burgers, Dogs and Fries serves up just that, and milkshakes-Free fitness classes-Gorgeous carousel -Great event space, I love attending events here and seeing so many people enjoy downtown-Larger than life decorations for the holiday seasonIf you haven't been, I definitely recommend making a trip to the Commons this summer! The only thing missing is shade. Unfortunately the park doesn't appeal to a pale person like myself on a hot and sunny day.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,6/25/2012,80,104,3,5,4>This is a nice little park tucked away in a secluded area of German Village. I mainly have experience with the dog park, but there's also a cool climbing wall, playground and walking trails. I even played in a kickball tournament in the grassy field a couple of years ago.As for the dog park, it's my favorite of the ones I've been to in Columbus so far. They have separate small and big dog areas, though a lot of people bring their "tougher" small dogs into the big dog area. There are even nice picnic tables and a dual person/doggie water fountain in the area dividing the two. The way it's set up makes it pretty difficult for a dog to escape, because the dog would have to get through three gates. Each area has agility equipment for the dogs, though there aren't usually a lot of people/dogs using them. I kind of feel like the owners here pay better attention to their dogs, so I haven't really seen too many behavior issues or fights.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,6/24/2012,44,92,3,4,3>Schmidt's offers THE BEST German food in Columbus! You just can't get any better!I love Schmidt's great Bahama Mamas as well as their knockout sides. They offer some good ones too, Garlic Knockwurst, potato salad, sauerkraut. And the Schmidt's buffet is KILLER!! Down it all with a cold beer or two, and you have a great German meal. And I say this not only because I love the location, German Village, but because I am of 100% German ethnicity!The old location in German Village, as I mentioned, isn't bad. Schmidt's has been around for quite awhile and it will probably be around for many more years to come.Now when going to Schmidt's, there's one thing you can NEVER forget about!! And I mean NEVER. The cream puffs!!!! Schmidt's cream puffs are at least as big as two open hands, sometimes bigger! I always get Schmidt's at the Ohio State Fair, the Columbus Oktoberfest, really whenever I get the chance. And that will probably continue for many years to come.They have helpful service, a great salad bar, an even greater German menu, and a perfect location. Sometimes it is best to call ahead though, as they can have a long wait and they don't take reservations, maybe it's one downfall. But overall, Schmidt's deserves five stars!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,6/23/2012,12,51,5,6,4>I'm not shy.  I'm going to come right out and say it.  I'm a condiment whore.  I will sell my soul for a delicious sauce or dip.  Sushi Ting has a nice ambiance, unique sushi rolls, and a sweet server who is always working every time I go in.  But their sauces! Their sauces made me fall in love and keep me coming back.  Yeah, they've got that soy reduction everyone has.  And of course, they have the unagi barbecue sauce. Oh, but baby, we're just getting started... there's more sauciness to be had at Sushi Ting.Try something with the spicy, zesty red sauce.  Or the amazing hot-but-just-a-tad-sweet wasabi sauce.  Order the Tiger Eyes dish, and try them both, swirled on a plate, with tasty cucumber-wrapped smoked salmon, avocado and spicy snow crab.  The heat from the sauce and spicy crab is nicely balanced by the cucumber, and the flavors of these hot-and-sexy sauces really shine.Maybe you want a taste of their life-changing sweet sesame sauce.  I recommend the Rainbow Naruto.  Tuna, crab stick, whitefish and avocado are wrapped in a thin strip of cucumber, topped with some salty roe and toasted sesame seeds, and drizzled with the sesame and wasabi sauces.  Salty, sweet, savory, with just a bit of heat.  If I could eat only one thing for the rest of my life, this would be it.Perhaps you're a fan of sweet things. Sushi Ting may well win you over with delicious strawberry sauce.  It's featured to perfection on the Christmas roll-- white tuna, cucumber, and asparagus tempura, wrapped in several kinds of fish and avocado, and topped with three amazing sauces, including the strawberry.  Three sauces?  Merry Christmas to me!But it don't stop at sauce, baby!  They've got a yuzu salad dressing that will blow your freaking mind.  Drizzled atop some carrots, daikon, and greens and accompanied with strips of salmon and mango, this dressing pulls together Sushi Ting's Golden Salad.  I'ma let you finish, but this salad is the greatest salad of all time.  Of all time.This is my #1 favorite place to eat.  Just go.  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,6/22/2012,42,175,2,6,3>Goodness!  Why didn't anyone tell me about this gem sooner?  Went here for brunch today with some friends and it knocked my socks off.  I had heard about the pancake balls with nutella (I know, right? That's all it took to sell me too) and they were even better than I could have imagined.  Pair it with some mango tea and I cannot imagine a better breakfast.  Definitely on par with what they're charging.The only thing I can think of to improve it was the space.  Katalina's is working with such a small space that it was tricky and a bit stressful to find a place to eat.  They are wonderful at ringing people up and getting orders, but with only a handful of tables and a patio, seating during the winter is a bit tricky.  I encourage you not to let this keep you away, but maybe keep this in mind if you go when you are ravenous.In short, I am looking forward to many more trips to Katalina's and experiencing their lunch soon!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,6/21/2012,63,141,6,6,7>*sniff* Can you smell that? Yes, that would be hype. Everyone is talking about this place, which makes it suspect in my book. I can't do a pirouette in this town without running into someone talking about mead. I feel like I have fallen into hipster Medieval Times. Do they sell giant turkey legs too? And it is in the Short North, really? Why do you make me have to go there? This is going to be a disaster of epic proportions.But damn, wrong again. This place is incredibly fabulous. Mead turns out to be pretty bad ass. You can get a relatively inexpensive sampler and the bartenders are attentive and explain everything with patience. You can tell they love working there. The cocktails are expensive, but heavy handed- and the one with the Apple Pie Mead (which is sweet like Wassail) and local whiskey... definitely a top 5 cocktail experience. Booze excellent, service stellar, place is beautiful, especially the wooden bar... it is pricey if you spend too long here, but so well worth having to go to the Short North. I do like being wrong... sometimes.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,6/20/2012,19,276,2,5,4>After spending three years living in the Henderson Rd area, I was spoiled.  I had General Tso's on speed dial & the person answering phones had my order memorized.  Since then, I haven't found a good chinese place in the lower UA/Grandview area.  When a Groupon-type deal for China Dynasty came available, I jumped at it, but deep in my heart I knew it couldn't replace General Tso's.  Well, I was wrong.  The orange chicken was delicious and even had actual orange peel in the sauce (something General Tso's did not).  The boy's beef & broccoli was equally tasty.  Our waitress was pleasant and helpful, though if any of you enjoy the "that's what she said" game, she had a real good one.  In reference to the check- "just stick it in anywhere you want."  As soon as she left the table, the boy bursted out with "that's what she said."  To top it off, the boy's fortune cookie was strangely accurate.  Close to home & delicious orange chicken --- I'll be back soon!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,6/19/2012,57,205,2,5,3>I've only gotten the signature pho everytime I go here, but it's because 1) I do not know what anything else on the menu is/means2) the signature pho is the bombThe jumbo size is enough to split between two people, easily. But if you want different things in it, or certain meats, then the regular size is plenty as well. I love the broth, it smell/tastes so good and is legit pho (so say my vietnamese friends and other asian-food connoisseurs). I like all the meats they add in the signature, except maybe the tripe. I tried it on the side my first time and it was ok, just a little too flavorless and chewy... even after dipping it in the hoisin sauce, it wasn't my cup of tea. The raw steak is the best and is leaner than the well-done, which has fatty pieces on it, but I suppose this just makes the pho taste that much better after soaking in it. This is the perfect place to go on a cold day if you want a big bowl of comfort and chicken soup is getting old. I haven't tried any of the cold subs yet or any rice dishes, but Chris P. assures me those are good as well :) And as a side note, every time the service is great! Friendly, smiley, and attentive waiters!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/18/2012,156,314,3,14,5>Fresh 50 has captured my heart, my stomach, and my time. This charming, unassuming little storefront is home to some frankly bizarre but wonderful meals- by which I mean, each order is multiple meals (usually two for me).This place was "sold" to me as "like Piada, or Chipotle, but with Asian food." I think it is possible to put all your food in a wrap in that fashion BUT I wouldn't know for certain, since I always just get it in a bowl (or, rather, a box). This comes with a lot of rice (possibly too much rice), a good bit of salad, a meat of Your Choice, and saucey-sauces. All told it is a lot of food and well worth the price. GET THE PORK. Well, I guess, if you eat pork. But if you eat pork, GET THE PORK. I was taken in by the "Bulgogi" beef on my first visit and it wasn't very much like any bulgogi beef I've ever had- it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't amazing. The pork, however, is ace. It's like someone pulled all the little pieces of pork out of your favorite Chinese restaurant's pork fried rice. It is simply too amazing. Ah. AH!The employees are friendly and the owner, who is often behind the counter, is affable and remembers our names! Very friendly atmosphere, plenty of seating and even a bit of patio space on the sidewalk. I'll be back to Fresh 50 many times, it's the perfect lunch... and then the perfect dinner.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,6/17/2012,1214,553,3,9,6>Okay, before I can express my love of Golden Delight, I'd like to give a few helpful tips first:1. Golden Delight is a Filipino bakery, so you're going to see some items that are extremely popular in Asia and, in particular, the Philippines. A few examples of things you'll see are: steamed buns, sweet red bean paste, and brightly-colored cakes.2. The cakes are reasonably priced at about $1 per slice.3. When you drive up to Golden Delight, they have huge signs everywhere on the windows saying "Home of the Fresh Strawberry Cake" (or something to that effect). So, do yourself a favor and get what they're known for. And speaking of the Fresh Strawberry Cake...I have three favorite cake bakeries in Columbus: Suisse Shop, Piece of Cake, and Golden Delight.I'm sure all the cakes they make are amazing, but in my seven years in Columbus, I haven't been able to move past the Fresh Strawberry Cake. Seriously, it's that good. Here are the details: layers of yellow sponge cake, filled with fresh strawberries, and topped with whipped cream frosting.The cake is incredibly simple, but it's always a crowd-pleaser. And the people at Golden Delight are so nice and accommodating! They are happy to take pre-orders, but oftentimes they'll make you a cake on the spot.So, you should totally go to Golden Delight for a Fresh Strawberry Cake, and maybe you can try a new Filipino delicacy while you're there!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,6/16/2012,134,190,4,11,6>You know how the majority of people like lemons and lemonade, and fewer people like limes and limeade? Then some genius invents lemon-lime, changing the world of flavors forever?The analogy above makes a point: A lot of work was obviously put into so many areas at Till. Transformation and fusion; bringing to mind a Phoenix rising from the ashes, or even a brightly lit, classical-music themed caterpillar emerging as a mood-lit and more affordable butterfly. Or something.Firstly, I'm vegan. I loved the street-food of On the Fly, and could have eaten there regularly because of the reasonable cost and the accessibility of the food, plus I never felt rushed. The other side...yeah...no. Dragonfly ended up becoming this award-winning five-star-quality Manhattan-style upscale vegan restaurant in the middle of cow-country and OSU football. When both restaurants closed, I was initially sad but then super happy to hear that a single restaurant would open in their place. Why?Walking into Till at seven in the evening on a Saturday the place is full. They don't take reservations but there's a two-top available for us immediately. Overhead lighting is dimmed and the trio of lights shining through the front transom are shaded to a nice amber. Complementing the overhead incandescence are individual tealight candles at each table of the same color and tonality as the rest of the light. Effect is soothing and relaxing, which is great after a long week traveling.Lighting isn't the only thing that's changed: white tablecloths have been replaced by bare tables sporting attractive wood tops. Eating directly on these tables gives me the same feeling as when I pull up carpet in a house to find vintage tongue & groove solid hardwood floors underneath; a treasure. Might not be a big thing for most people, but I always feel uncomfortable eating on linen tablecloths. When I eat it's like "look, I'm a mess!" and I always feel like my mother is going to pop out of the back room and scold me for my posture or eating like a pig. Dim lighting and dark tables means I could probably drop half of my food and not even notice. Nice!Going along with the atmosphere changes is the music. I always complimented On the Fly for their upbeat and trendy musical selection. At Till, the music that's playing is enjoyable, lending to the right-down-the-middle split between formality and informality. Not a mosh-pit of anarchy but also not Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-sharp minor, Op. 27, No. 2.Comfortable lighting, comfortable tables, good music and a tealight candle, it's Saturday night and I want to eat, drink or both!Seated by the hostess, a sommelier is almost called over until we engage in a special wine-tasting experiment; a nice sampling of three red wines. Taking a small sip of each, I stick to my light-and-fruity sweet glass of white wine. Hey, at least I know what I like, right?Let's talk menus for a second. Why have crazy-fancy menus, when you can just design attractive menus, then print them out on paper? Good restaurants will change the menu regularly anyway, so why not just print your legal-sized menus on classic natural white sheets and fold them in half? Fancy yet affordable, accessible and if I spill my wine, I'm not going to feel bad. Till does menus right.I know, the food. Let's talk about the food.Starting with the Seitan Poutine appetizer, I'm loving the mixture of the fries, seitan and the amazing gravy with a super classy presentation. Plus, it tastes great! Just enough for two to share.Ordered the vegan Pizza Pie and was astounded by the perfect execution. This is the best pizza I've had since I went vegan! While ordering, they extolled the quality of the olives and garlic, and they were right: truly amazing toppings. Crust was lightly crispy and totally chewy. This is exactly what I want in a pizza. My co-conspirator ordered the Seitan Mock Duck, which was super tasty. It had rice and veggies and this earthy feel. Yum!Lastly, dessert: splitting a Chocolate Passionfruit Parfait and an Ice Cream Sandwich. Tasty, but they were out of the chocolate mousse for the parfait and  swapped out chocolate gelato. Meh. The chai gelato was Co-Conspirator's favorite. I think, over time, the vegan desserts will refine and perfect. Vegetarians have a few awesome-sounding dessert options as well.A quick footnote about the food: Till serves vegan, vegetarian and meat-dishes, so your omnivorous friends won't feel left out. A nice menu compromise, while being very vegan and vegetarian friendly.To summarize: well-balanced, classy comfort food with relaxing atmosphere and a full bar. Great place for a date, family get together or an impressive business meal. Pricey but a good value. An exceptionally talented and attentive service team.For my tastes, a rock-solid five star.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,6/15/2012,51,317,4,4,2>I've had my eye on the place since people started writing reviews...  and then when Alt Eats posted on it, I HAD TO GO.  Xiao Long Bao????  In Columbus???So I went today for lunch.  By myself.  Which was weird.  For me, I mean.  I usually drag someone with me.  (i.e. hubby)  But everyone I know works on weekdays during lunchtime.  I was just lucky today to have the afternoon off.  Anyway, I go to the restaurant, and there is literally a horde of old Chinese people walking in at the same time - must have been some kind of event or gathering.  But the staff greeted me and sat me down in my own little comfy corner...  surrounded by mirrors.  :-)  They gave me a menu, and I looked it over.  I saw all your normal offerings, but no xiao long bao?  And where are the pork pan fried noodles?  Other dumplings?  Ah.  There must be another menu.  I asked for the Chinese menu...  and it was all in Chinese.  I'm not Chinese.  The waitress took it away.  I was sad.Short story?  The owner was making her rounds and I asked her about the dumplings and explained that I was Korean but had had my fair share of Chinese food.  She immediately perked up and asked if there was anything in particular I wanted.  Fifteen minutes later I had my yummy xiao long bao and pan fried noodles.  Happiness.Seriously folks, the food is good.  I wish she would translate the Chinese menu - because who knows what other goodies are lurking behind those Chinese characters???
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,6/14/2012,42,196,6,2,4>What is this magical place? I walk in and see various levers and crumbled cookies and an employee that tells me I should smack myself for not coming here before now. As it turns out, this froyo shoppe is entirely DIY and this really appeals to my rugged individualism. There are about 8 varieties of self-serve frozen yogurt that beckon to be tasted. The aforementioned kind hearted employee allowed us a taste test of any variety we choose. A couple of them didn't suit me. I settle on peanut butter, brownie, and coffee flavors. Moving on down the line, I dump various toppings on to my pile of froyo. Crushed Butterfingers and peanut M&Ms are the one I remember, but there were others. Now it is time to pay for this glorious monstrosity. I wonder to myself: what manner of payment system do they offer here? A wild scale approaches! I plop my creation down on the weight measurement device and it comes to about 3 bucks. 3 bucks for this bowl of cold yogurt and various sweets seems like a steal. I feel like I won this game. I dig in to the frozen goodness. I created you, I can destroy you! The circle of life is complete. The froyo is in my belly. I will be back.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,6/13/2012,902,285,2,7,3>Their flatbreads are so good. Pear and gorgonzola, steak and bleu cheese, wild mushroom, and one time their special of the day was a brie, raspberry and puff pastry concoction that required me to change my underwear. I honestly haven't had any of their other entrees, because everytime I come here for lunch or dinner, I want a flatbread. My husband, who doesn't really dig flatbreads, has never been impressed with their burgers and stuff, though. Good craft beer selection, too!BUT. Oh man. This weekend I finally tried their Sunday brunch buffet. Every time I had stopped in for flatbreads I had seen the chalkboard listing all of the delicious things on this buffet, but I kept forgetting to stop by on a Sunday. Oh man. I can't believe I've been missing out on this. They basically turn their entire bar into a buffet, with seriously everything breakfasty and awesome like eggs and sausace and bacon and pancakes and croissants and cinnamon rolls and fruit and cheeses and an omelette bar and even lunch stuffs, like my famed flatbreads. Add a mimosa or bloody mary and you have basically the best Sunday ever. Runs from 10-2.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,6/12/2012,28,84,8,16,12>Not sure where to even start.  This little gem is nestled off Henderson Road in a shopping center just off the corner of Reed Road, by another one of my favorites (in a shopping center...) Nicola.  I've been going here for about 4 years (and about 30 or so times total) since I moved over here and began to wonder about this place in the corner of the shopping center.  Every time I would go to the TJ Maxx (also in the same shopping center) I would peer curiously at this place occupying the corner spot--it was so dark, and uninviting.  It wasn't until I asked a friend who'd not lived down in the city but had been a long time Dublin/UA resident that I found out this was actually a great place to eat.  I've been hooked (haha like the fish are "hooked" that you eat here) since.You have to know where you're going before you arrive here.  This place is old.  The décor (one of the few times I've bothered to use a "é" on Yelp) is old.  It's mid century to early 70's.  It hasn't been changed since it opened.  It's dark, somewhat dingy--reminiscent of the times where men wore a jacket to eat out and the ladies dressed in heels and furs.  And, yes, you will still see that here.  In fact, just tonight I got a frowning brow from an elderly gentleman in a sportcoat as he exited by my table--I knew he was frowning at my worn in 7 jeans, vintage Banana Republic linen sweater, UGG slippers and Yankees cap.  But, anything goes now in most places you frequent, and sorry for him:  I wear what I want. You only live once (as far as I know) and I'm going to be comfortable.Moving along now folks:  there's an awesome old timey bar area where you can seat yourself in a booth or throwback old nightclub styled tables with black naugahyde chairs.  This is first come, first serve.  Unfortunately for my buddy and me tonight we were not first come.  So, we sat in the "fancy side" of the restaurant out of the bar area.  No problems.  Both sides are adorned with kitschy 60's era wood paneling, smoke stained ceiling tiles and vinyl seating, along with lots and lots of nautical décor (there it is again, only Windward Passage will bring out the "é" in me).  Could things be any better than this?Apparently they can.  The absolute cheapest drinks in town are available here.  There's been no makeover here since long before I exited my mom's tummy, and the drink prices haven't changed either.  Tonight we split a bottle of 2009 Echelon Pinot Noir at $16 for the entire bottle.  I'm sold just on this.  Another steal of mine here is the $5.50 generously poured Maker's Mark Manhattan on the rocks or Old Fashioned.  A good white choice is their astoundingly priced--and I mean WOW--bottle of Kendall Jackson Chardonnay at $16 bucks.  Where, in 2012 can any of these drinks be had for this price??Okay, the food now.  The bread sucks.  No matter what it is, it's not good.  I commented tonight to my buddy that the bread reminded me of (and looked like) hot dog buns.  However, if you go on the weekends, they have homemade cinnamon rolls (weird huh?) they serve with dinner dripping with icing that are simply 2DF (to die for).I started with my usual salad (included in most entrees).  Get your dressing on the side here cause they load it on.  The salads here are boring, but the dressing makes up for it.  Get the blue cheese--best blue cheese dressing I've ever had, hands down.  I also had 8 peel and eat shrimp which were simply divine--yes divine describes something coming from a divinity, as if from Heaven, and these shrimp are just that.  Skip the shrimp cocktail and peel them yourself here--if you get the peel and eats they are better, bigger and cheaper.  They are served on ice, in a plastic bowl (something else I love about the oddities in this place) with extra horseradish so you can spice up your cocktail sauce to your liking.  I'd also like to note that you are given an actual *shrimp fork* here, so whoa!?  How cool is this, who does this anymore?So for dinner, I went boring tonight and got the fried chicken sandwich--a super comfort food for me growing up down in Appalachia.  Definitely homemade here, and a crisp, hot white breast of chicken made just for you.  Served with crunchy fries and by request a side of BBQ sauce this thing is awesome and one of my standbys.  My buddy got the surf and turf--prime rib and king crab legs.  No complaints from his end.  I've had it before so I'll say it's awesome as well.  Other things I've had here time and time again with no complaints:  best cheapest filet in town, king crab legs, oysters Rockefeller, fried shrimp, crab cakes, ribs, snow crab legs, and Snicker's pie are all good.Service:  phenomenal.  This is one of the few places in town where the waitresses still pour your wine for you (throughout dinner).  Service is prompt and attentive, but respectful enough you can enjoy your meal.  If you appreciate a good throwback dining experience (similar to The Top) head for Windward Passage.  In love.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,6/11/2012,83,164,3,2,3>So I usually don't like to go to bars that do breakfast after having some truly dreadful meals at some local establishments but what the heck, I had a 50% off brunch email for the Backstage Bistro. As that it's in my hood we gave it a shot. As with a lot of the "we are a bar that does food" places the tables were too small and the layout not conducive to dining. That said the food was tasty and the service was good. I had the goat cheese herb omelette which was very good. They happily subbed out the potatoes for some toast and served it with some wonderful, and i mean wonderful jalepeno and raspberry jam. More on that later.The lone waiter/barista on staff didn't even know about the promo email but happily honored it. He also had no idea how to make a bloody Mary but accepted some coaching and created one for the nice ladies at the next table over. More marketing FAIL as that the promo email specifically mentioned the availability of mimosas and bloody Marys. But as I said the rather sweet waiter happily followed my directions and learned how easy bartending can be.The jam came from sweetthinggourmet.com, a local company I had never heard of. And they told me that they will sell jars of the jam at the BackStage Bistro pretty much at the wholesale price. It was amazing stuff- highly recommended.I think once they work out the pr bugs and bar issues this place will be a fabulous spot for brunch. It's already good, but it can be great.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,6/10/2012,67,792,,4,4>I finally got here when it was open, and I wasn't disappointed.  Every single thing I ate here was good.The smell and smoke as you walk up let you know this is the real deal.  Johnny was there tending the meat, and let me know the rib tips would be a bit.  I waited, enjoying the smells, and tasting things he regularly passed out to those in line.  Stewed okra and tomatoes: fabulous.  Brisket bark: crispy yet melt-in-your-mouth.  Pulled pork: amazing.  I got two samplers (rib tips, brisket, and pulled pork.)  There were four sides, so I got two with each: the okra, dirty rice, baked beans with sausage, and greens.  The tips were okay- a bit too chewy, maybe due to the rush.  Flavorwise, great.  The brisket was excellent.  My friend thought it wasn't smoky enough, but otherwise the flavor was good- sort of like roast beef, with a mix of seasoning.  It was perfectly tender and juicy.  The pulled pork was served with a great slaw on top, and the meat was flavorful and toothsome.  It's hard for me to get down here, but I'll make an effort to get back to try the alligator and sausages.  There were no drinks, but there's another trailer nearby with a few.  There's a picnic table to eat there if you want.Oh, he was shaking his seasoning on all the meats, and it was fairly hot, so ask him to leave it off if you don't like heat.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,6/9/2012,65,187,,3,3>I was skeptical about this place, given the past yelp reviews, but I think they have a great happy hour.  I had delicious Rivertown Roebling from Cincinnati for very cheap, and some great hummus with fried pita chips, sliders that tasted meatloafy, but still good, and a serviceable spinach dip.  All these were very cheap, under $5 each, arrived quickly, and were all tasty.  The places was dead slow, so we got plenty of good service, but it lacked the ambiance that a hopping bar has.  I suspect that as the word gets out, more people will look to this as an after-work happy hour spot, but it's taking some time to shed the old O'Shaugnessy's spectre (the places is identical in decor to the old tenant).  When that shadow is gone though, I think this will be a very nice Arena District staple. Bottom line:  well made pub fare and cheap happy hour beers make this a reliable after-work spot.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,6/8/2012,74,85,,10,5>Last night I attended Wurst Und Bier's soft opening for friends and family, and I have to admit, I enjoyed myself quite well. I haven't actually ever been to Schmidts [but have had a sausage from their Oktoberfest stand] so I wouldn't treat this review as any sort of comparison, this is a general review of the restaurant. So this place is unique; owned by Albanians, I wonder what made them want to open a German-inspired restaurant, but they did a pretty good job so far. However, this place isn't what you would necessarily expect out of a German place. It doesn't have fat servers in plaid, it's more of a sports bar feel for sure. It has many flat screen TVs and the music was something straight off of CD101 [which is my favorite station so we were really happy about that]. We started with an appetizer; a giant soft pretzel and a soft Brie cheese dip, also served with two types of mustard. This thing was out of this world. The mustard was so flavorful and pungent, it was a real hit. And the cheese dip. OH heaven! I could go and just order two of these. Chives, brie, and whatever else man, it was working. Very generous amounts too, it was a perfect value. Wurst Und Bier also has a great selection of beers. We had a Shocktop to start but then opted for a Paulaner Oktoberfest at the bartenders request. It was so good! I hadn't ever had one before, and let me say, I will be ordering these way more often. They also have one of those big beer tube things on each table and some sort of sampler platter [kind of like CBC or Gordon Biersch has] of beers to try. I think that'd be a cool thing to try sometime. On to the main dish. We both got the same thing [cute...right?]. We got the German Pork Bratwurst with fries. It was tasty. It was loaded with flavor and the bun was crispy, chewy, and soft all at the same time. It was a tad salty, but I feel like that comes with the territory.I think Wurst Und Bier is doing a lot of things right. I think the atmosphere is unique and the food is casual and fits perfectly with the beer selection. The server we had was SO nice and helpful, and the bartenders knew their stuff as well-I think they have a great staff going for them. I also heard they are trying to get a patio, which would be super great for summertime. There are some things they still need to work on [I mean, come on, it was the first night!] though. They're mostly small like, different menus...They were really hard to read, I'd like some explanations on each German beer, because we had no idea what to get. I also think they could organize the menu in a better way. It took me til after I ate to realize they had spaetzle, that's a huge German thing and should for sure be highlighted! Also, I felt like the mustard they served with the pretzel should come with the bratwursts. Nobody in Europe puts Ketchup on their Bratwurst [in my travels at least]. They all use mustard. And this mustard was killer, it'd go perfect with the brats! I think the menu could explain the types of brats a little different, as well. I didn't have much of an idea of what each one was. Like what's a nuerneburg sausage compared to a bratwurst, knockwurst, etc. I don't even know if I'm spelling that right. Anyway, the menu organization is really the big thing that got me. I hope this location does well. Winking Lizard is right next door so I feel like there may be a lot of competition for beer-glory here. Their food was definitely cheap and downright perfect for pairing with a beer and the game on the tube. I will be back in the near future to keep exploring their menu! P.S. If you don't want German food they do have a wide selection of normal American grille/bar type food. Flatbread pizza, burgers, sandwiches, fried appetizers, soup, and a kids menu.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,6/6/2012,53,580,2,10,5>Great Lunch time places with lunch specials for $5.Go here within the next 3 months to make sure you get 5 star service and food.  I hope this place does not dip off its quality from the other day for lunch.  I say this because Indian restaurants bring in "ringer" chef to train and get them going.  Some places can continue the wonderful services while others digress.  This place is in the old Jelly Donut building which gives it an odd look for us west siders.  I drove by a few months ago thinking this location was awful and I am still worried about that for the business.  They haven't replaced the tile floor which might make some people squirm because it looks a little abused but the inside tables and feel are very nice.  I like the feel but they do need a total makeover to make it more attractive.We ordered Chicken Biryani ($5), Channa Masala with Poori ($5), and 2 samosas ($4).  I ordered Indian Spicy while reiterating that I lived in Southeast Asia so do not Americanize my spice.  They made it pretty close to perfect.  The Biryani was enough for two meals and had chicken on the bone.  This is the way it should be made even though i know some people will complain.  The bone helps with the flavor and makes it more authentic to me.  If I order Biryani and all the meat is stripped off then I wonder if I am eating Indian or not.  Now the best part-Channa Masala with poori- Wow!  So good.  The poori (warm bread that is fried a little) was perfect especially when dipped in  Channa Masala (Chickpeas in Masala sauce).  I could eat this a few times a week.  It took me back to breakfast at little restaurants in Bangladesh.  The Samosas were still warm and fresh.  I loved the mixture of potatoes and spices,Since we were the only customers at 11:30 Am, I talked to the owner about the place.    We asked about some items we didn't know and she made sure we got a taste of the Idli Sambher (sp?).  They also have some cracker/chip type item to eat on while you wait for your food.  She explained the concept to us and was so pleasant to us.  I love it when owners and workers take time to discuss with curious customers like me.  Great service.  Great Food.  I just hope they keep it up and that they succeed in their location.  You can order online and drive-thru to pick up your food.  They also have many coffee options and of course Lassis.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,6/5/2012,175,131,6,8,6>Big fan of this place. The restaurant is tucked away on a side street in the charming hamlet of Gahanna. If there is any reason at all to venture to the suburbs, this is it. Arepazo is the sister to the popular downtown destination, El Arepazo. The menu is essentially the same, but this place is open for dinner and sells spirits and wine (unlike El Arepazo downtown).My biggest complaint with Mexican or Latin American food here in the US of A is that everything is drowned in cheese. Now, I am a huge fan of my dairy friends. But when your burrito is drowning in it, you miss out on all the other flavors going on. Or maybe drowning something in cheese is a way to disguise the lack of flavor in a dish? Either way, it bothers me. Arepazo doesn't do that. You still get some dairy love, but not too much. Each flavor on the dish sings a harmonious tune. The ingredients are high quality and fresh and the food is impeccably prepared. You must try the cilantro sauce. It's a big hit and one of the reasons why I know God loves us. Their food is made of dreams and unicorns. The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because my waiter had clearly not tried the food. I asked her about two dishes on the menu and she admitted that she had not tried them. What? Blasphemy! The only dish she could recommend was the empanadas - and that was because it was the only dish she had eaten at the restaurant. Last time I checked, this wasn't amateur hour, people.Anyway, if you like delicious food and/or are a human you should come here.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,6/4/2012,64,68,8,4,4>So recently I decided to put on my big girl panties and go "downtown" (note that anything more than 10 miles south of Dublin is downtown to me) and check out the craftin' outlaws alternative craft fair all by myself.  This trek involved my GPS, a parking deck and ultimately upon arrival, lots of potholders, baby onsies and posters with owls on them (since when did owls become the 'in' thing?).  Upon exiting the parking deck and finding my way to the craft venue (The Gateway) I rounded a corner and the 10 am autumn sun shined and illuminated Gooeyz, sparking something inside me that only buttered bread and melted cheese can.  I realized I needed to waste at least an hour in the craft festival since Gooeyz didn't open until 11 am.  This involved rummaging through stacks of prints, bird shaped boxes and t-shirts with bicycles on them several times over.  I smelled every Bourbon scented soap and Chardonnay infused candle, at least 3 times.  Ultimately, I looked at the trinkets so many times I almost convinced myself that I couldn't live without a tiny clay robot.Fast forward to 11 am and even though I wasn't really hungry (completely unnecessary detail) Gooeyz was open and I was there.  The place was very empty so I don't really have a good handle on the 'vibe' of the place during peak times.  That said, I am pretty sure that drunk college kids in Ed Hardy gear would not enhance my enjoyment of toasted cheese anyhow.  The boy (yes I am almost 30 so he was a boy) behind the counter was super friendly and made suggestions about the menu after asking me if I enjoyed spicy foods (no).  I settled on the Gobble Gooeyz which had turkey, hot pepper cheese, 3 cheese artichoke spread, spinach, tomato, onion. I ordered the half and no sides so my review is based on 1 half of a turkey sammy only.I sat at my table and waited only about 5 minutes for my toasted melty lil' guy to arrive.  As the plate was place in front of me, I noticed that the sandwich was topped with a toothpick and a cube of fried hot pepper cheese.  Naturally 1 entire star will be given for the addition of this fried cheese.  Other establishments take note, I don't care who you are (restaurants, nail salons, retail stores, city parks etc) if you give me fried cheese I will automatically up your rating 1 full star.The sandwich was good and honestly the first word that comes to mind is actually gooey.  The bread was thick but it had a bit too much butter and there was not enough spinach, tomato and onion to provide the appropriate contrast to the ultra rich cheese/bread/turkey part.  The half sandwich as noted in other reviews is plenty big especially if you add a side but it all seemed a little 'one note'.  My biggest suggestions is that there could be a little more creativity with the bread choices, or the toppings or how about more cheeses to choose from?  Maybe some unique spreads? I get the niche this place has but for a 29 year old foodie in Dublin I'd be more likely to seek this place out they upped their game. I do imagine though that if I was out drinking, ending a night of drinking or hungover the next morning - this would be absolutely perfect and a step up from most other bar food.   If I was a college student on campus, I wouldn't really need more incentive so I guess Gooeyz is just doin' their thang.  Overall - I like grilled cheese sandwiches, this one was tasty. 3 stars. As promised, additon of fried cheese cube - 4 stars.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,6/3/2012,370,523,6,9,5>With some friends from out of town, we stopped in The Chamber on Gallery Hop just for fun. We came to find this was one of our favorite experiences of our friends' visit. Without Anita, this visit into the Chamber would have been mediocre, but she was awesome! She had a lot of fun with us showing and demostrating all of the electric toys. She answered all of our rediculous questions and yet still kept it classy. The items under the glass case are for display only and unopened stock is available for purchase. They do not sell the display items. They have lots of toys, fetish toys, restraint items, clothes, books, magazines, sanitation products, free condoms, and a good attitude, accepting of all people of any walk of life. Anita, you rock!  While I didn't find any necessities last night, I would happily give them my business if I have any sexy hardware needs in the future.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,6/2/2012,309,391,6,22,20>Oh sweet sweet Korean Street Food! Why is this my first contact with you? A Pajeon is much like a savory pancake - which I'm already familiar with in cuisine. It's similar to the Japanese Okonomiyaki, with a slightly stronger flavor. Ajumama serves up a variety of Pajeons with complimentary fillings. I've sampled The Hae (with shrimp) and The Twe (spicy pork). The Twe could have been spicier, but I can see why they left it at "American Spicy".I also decided to dig into the Kimbap, which is like sushi. Instead of raw fish it's filled with Spam! This might have been my first brush with Spam. Honestly, I liked it. The roll had some sort of flavored mayo/sauce, egg, pickled something or other. Honestly, I think that Kimbap might be a great way to ease people into sushi.Ajumama has a variety of sodas. Choose from your "safe" Coca-Cola or shoot for authentic and grab that Grape Drink, with whole green grapes floating inside the can!Even on their first official opening night, the line at Ajumama moved fast. Place your order and step to the side. In about 5-8 minutes you'll have a savory pancake in a basket, complete with a brown soy sauce-like sauce to pour over. Mm, soak up that sauce!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,6/1/2012,16,48,,4,5>There are only two things you need to figure out how to navigate before you enjoy this place. First is the best way to actually get into the strip mall off 161 (hint, turn at the light before the strip mall rather after). Second, navigating the menu spread out across the wall (you can check it out online so you can go in prepared). Once you've figured that out your tastebuds are in for a tantalizing trip of their own. The place is very small probably only seating 20-30 at most and has sort of a strange yet bright and inviting decor. It was eat off the floor clean the way any newly opened place should be (but they aren't always).The menu features a little bit of something for everyone. From asian inspired dishes like Penang Curry, to american favorites such as burgers and wings. The featured attractions are the rice, noodle, or salad bowls and the asian/asian fusion dishes.My wife and I both opted for the build-your-bowl route. To compare the bowls to Chipotle or Piada would be a good way to explain the concept except for the fact that this place blows either one of those out of the water. Basically you chose your base of noodles (egg or rice), rice, or salad, then your protein (beef, chicken, pork, tofu, or shrimp), and then you pick a sauce from one of nine expertly crafted house made sauces.The sauces are all out on display for you to sample whichever you're curious about. The gentleman I presume to be the owner went over each sauce with me, clearly explaining them with the detail and passion of someone who clearly had a hand in their creation. I tried the Lemongrass, the Caribe Curry, Peanut and the Jamaican Jerk. All of them were fantastic and had much more depth to their flavor profiles than any preservative laden pre-made sauce you'd get in a bottle.Beverage selection includes the usual suspects of pop as well as a couple drinks with an eastern flare. I had the Tamarind Iced Tea and it was divinely sour without being too sweet.The pride with which the owner described the sauces, not to mention their great taste, will bring me back to try more. I will definitely try the signature dishes as well, as I am sure the same passion goes into everything on the menu. Hope this place sticks around for a long time!Bottom Line: Finally something to look forward to when I have to shop up at the Sawmill-161 area.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,5/31/2012,82,150,1,7,6>Wow - not at all what I was expecting.  I have passed by dozens of times to eat at Banana Leaf or Bamboo Cafe, and I've never given Lashish a second thought.  This place has yummy food and incredible service.  Most of the food was delicious - we had good felafel and nice salads,  although the hummus was not the best I've ever had.  The daily specials seemed to be the standout items - too bad I didn't notice the board until after I had ordered!  Seriously, there was this incredible cacophony of adamant oohs and aahs from everyone who had the specials that night (chicken pot pie and orzo soup, btw), and all the while, I'm like "Why the fuck did I order felafel?! Dammit!!"  Anyway, this gives me a reason to go back.Of course, I have to mention the best thing about Lashish, which was that they kept showering us with food we didn't order.  The owner was running from table to table saying "Do you like that?  I'll bring you more!"  It was insane and wonderful.  They even brought us almond cookies when we ordered Turkish coffee because, "They go very well with the coffee."  Amazing.  Seriously, check this place and give them some love.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,5/30/2012,1059,2140,3,4,3>So glad I made it back here to find out Lindsey has MANY great things to offer except for pumpkin donuts!Yes, she does have those year round, but I avoided them and got a bunch of other goodies!For starters, cookies for 60 cent and brownies for 75 cent, I could already tell I'm not in Columbus anymore!Both were ok, but didn't blow my mind.What was great was the plain sugar donut, fresh, soft and fluffy!Their cream and chocolate icing is also very very good, I would prefer more filling than just one bite though.In all definetly worth the stop, they redeemed themselves in my eyes!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,5/29/2012,107,100,6,8,8>My ginger locks have been washed, cut, and styled! My salon visit was pulled straight from a Yelp fairy tale! So let me tell you the story...My previous hairdresser (and friend) moved to California so I felt all alone in this world without someone to care for my hair! So I turned to my fellow yelpers to ask who I should turn to in this time of need. A few people mentioned Virtue Salon, and it was close enough to my house that I thought I would give it a go!I had an appointment with Claire and was immediately in love with the place. I walked into a great, hip salon with the receptionist asking if I wanted tea or coffee or anything. Then Claire (my hairdresser) came and got me and it was a match made in heaven!! :)She listened to what I wanted (which never makes any sense and usually goes along the lines of "uhhh yeah whatever you think, hmm maybe like an inch or five off? yeah layers, sure, whatever you think....") So she went ahead and washed, cut, and styled my hair! The salon not only has great stylists, but also amazing products! It left me sticking my head into everyone's face for the next couple hours saying..."see, ugh smell it, so good yeah? yeah?! yeah??!!!"So I definitely recommend stopping in here to try out this Clintonville salon. They have talented stylists, friendly staff, reasonable prices (Haircut, including wash, for $30), a great location, cute set-up, amazing products... and well my ramblings of awe could go on and on!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,5/28/2012,182,928,,12,6>I stopped here for dinner last night based on some of the reviews I had read on Yelp.  It wasn't as good as a five-star but it was pretty good, in my opinion.  I parked on the street (yeah, no meters!).  A lot of folks would describe the area as "sketchy" but i didn't have an problems.  After going inside, I found a pretty nice restaurant with a good amount of table space.  Should have counted them but I'd say they had 20 or so tables.  And each table had a flower dish with a bouqet in it.Now then, the food!  The owner and server had eight meats and about ten side dishes.  That was a lot of food to choose from.  And she removed the lid from each, to let me pick the ones I wanted for dinner.  I ended up going with the beef brisket and hot apples (really good!) and sweet potatoes (also really good!).  And the tariff was a miserly $7.50!!  A great meal!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,5/27/2012,185,387,6,5,6>I could have sworn I already wrote a review for Market 65... but I must've been too distracted by the piles of lettuces and fresh ingredients (IN MAH FACE)  to realize I hadn't. Here's the top 10 things I like most about Market 65 (in no particular order):1. Close to my workplace - one of the best lunch options downtown.2. Local ingredients when possible - they even list their sources!3. Daily specials - but you can always customize your salad, and the regular standbys are delish, too. 4. The Biker Bars - a granola bar/ cookie hybrid near the cash registers. Goes well with coffee5. Healthy - the variety of ingredients can accommodate anyone's dietary needs. 6. Really friendly staff - they will usually chitchat a little bit.7. Really attractive staff - seriously, everyone who works here is hot.8. Wrap option - when you'd rather avoid feeling like a rabbit, you can get any salad as a wrap for the same price. The volume of stuffins in the wrap is not the SAME as the salad (smaller), but it's still quite hefty. 9. Good prices - if $9ish for a salad seems high to you, I challenge you to find more fairly priced quality AND quantity of salad in the state. 10. Did I mention the cutie patootie staff?
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,5/26/2012,29,258,5,4,5>I was very worried after my experience from Grandads and Donatos that I wouldnt find a real pizza place. I'm from north NJ and I grew up with pizza made the NY way and I like it that way. I never notice that people didnt make pizza this way in other states until I moved to PA for college. Philly makes pizza the Philly way, and Columbus is no different in that thought. Every state has their way of making pizza and the locals like it that way. My point isnt to change what everyone else likes, far from it. I just want what I like too, and this place was a blessing to find. Of course I get a craving for pizza on a tornado-warning/storm/hail/thundar & lightnight (Ive never seen sideways lightening..creepy!) Ok so I used Yelp (of course) and typed in NY pizza and this place popped up. I was starving, my mother was over to visit, and I had to impress her. Not to mention my father was here and I had to take his car in the storm, so he didnt let me drive too far; he also called every 5 mins to make sure I was still alive..oh dad. Anyway, I was nervous that this place would be just another Columbus-Stlye pizza joint and that mother was going to be upset. We pulled up the place and noticed how ...normal it looked, just like back home. They had a table or two outside with about 4 booth inside and a walk up counter. Ok, so far so good...it looks authentic! And the smell...the place smelt like cheese, another good sign! I had order 2 LG after my fiasco with the other pizza places; a LG where I'm from is  medium here, so I order extra to be safe. The guy rings me up and hands me these two enormous sized boxes. A REAL large sized pizza, big enough for 2-3 grown men..hubbys gettin happy..we pay (real cheap..Im happy), we rush home, say grace, and dig in. My father was saying something about something (i wasnt listening...i was numming) Glorious pizza...glorious NY pizza! I havent had NY pizza in years and I find a place in Columbus that knows how to throwdown! Two lg pizzas also = a free 2lt of soda. The cheese was cheesy, real motz, the mushrooms were a bit small and chewy, but Yeah, I'll be back! And thank you to Yelp, now I have you in my life!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,5/25/2012,56,151,,7,5>Ever since I moved here, I've been on a mission to find the best pho Columbus has to offer. I've certainly been able to weed out some places- and, while I don't feel like I've hit the jackpot yet, this one comes pretty close. When a few my friends felt like Vietnamese for dinner one night, I did some research and tried to find somewhere I hadn't tried yet. Although Indochine was a little bit of a hike to get to, it was well worth it. The owner was very friendly, greeting us immediately and making sure she answered any questions we had (including some we didn't). She'll even take the time to teach you how to use chopsticks! Our table started off with the spring rolls. They were so fresh and I couldn't get enough of the hoisin dipping sauce. Most of us ordered the pho, while one of my friends went for the vermicelli bowl and another tried a Laotian noodle soup. I did get a bite of the noodle soup, which was a little interesting- in a good way- almost like an Asian chicken noodle soup with thick homemade noodles. The pho hit the spot. The noodles were cooked to perfection, and the broth was full of flavor. If I remember correctly, my only complaint was the lack of meat in the soup. I only ate about half the bowl, and the other half was just as good (if not better) then next day! Indochine is a very low key restaurant that offers great service and delicious food. While I wish it weren't so far away, that hasn't stopped me from going back- even when I was very sick and only had a craving for pho. When ordering takeout, they separate each component of the soup to prevent anything from getting too soggy or overcooked by the time you get home to eat it. They even include a baggy of bean sprouts, lime and jalapeno slices, and containers of both hoisin and sriracha! I'm sure I'll be a frequent of Indochine this winter...nothing better than a big bowl of hot pho on a cold winter night!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,5/24/2012,31,145,16,5,7>I feel really creepy, but I am literally obsessed with this food. I've seen her fiancee there every time I've been there, and I want to shake his hand and say "GOOD FOR YOU! NEVER LET HER LEAVE! HOLD ON TO HER FOREVER! LOCK HER IN YOUR KITCHEN!"  I'm not ready to go to jail, nor am I ready to be banned from her truck, so I will refrain. I have never genuinely loved everything from a restaurant the way I love everything from here. I tried the regular old beef burger on Saturday. I saw angels. Gabriel came to me in a vision and said "this burger is bestowed upon you from the heavens" and now I believe in angels and a higher power...that is how good her food is (full disclosure: That's a lie, but this is the closest I have ever come to such an experience). We also tried the cucumber/peanut salad. I loved it, although it had a bit of a funky flavor I couldn't put my finger on. The boy didn't enjoy the salad, but I thought the peanuts added an amazing texture that this salad needed.I don't want her to ever leave my neighborhood. I want her to open shop in my front yard. I want to eat her food every day.I hope she sees this and starts being open on Sundays. I would legitimately eat here EVERY SUNDAY.p.s. I will try to stop writing a review every time I try something new. It's just really hard for me not to shout it from the rooftops when I fall in love with everything she makes.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,5/23/2012,57,91,2,7,3>I have been anticipating the opening of Dinin' Hall for a month now. When I first heard about it, I was immediately intrigued by the concept. I love food trucks but it can be a hassle tracking them down sometimes. Having a central location is a great way to try out different ones without traipsing all over Columbus. I went on the 2nd day and they were still working out some minor kinks but I thought the execution was close to perfect. Ordering is easy, paying inside is easy (they accept credit card, yay! but prefer cash), and getting your food is easy. You can also take your food to go.I love the look of this place as well. Very minimalist and well-designed. Not surprising since the husband & wife team that own it are architects. I had the chance to chat with the wife (didn't catch her name) for a few minutes and she was so sweet! Nothing better than supporting local businesses run by awesome people. Other things I loved: delicious, free cookies in celebration of the first week and all the items they sold at the register. I think I saw chocolate dipped oranges, pattycake cookies, macarons, and thunder kiss coffee. Snacks for the drive home!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,5/22/2012,32,126,2,4,4>I had a very nice lunch recently at the Worthington Inn, which had been on my list to try for a long time.  I am glad to finally make its acquaintance.  One of the reasons I had not visited before was that I expected the place to be too Midwest Victorian kitchy for me.  While the setting was in an old inn, the service and the menu were modern and polished.  My one complaint is that the bathrooms, being in the dungeon under the inn, were not up to 5-star standards.My lunchmate had the Nicoise salad with salmon, and reported it as being a solid offering.  I tried the seafood sauté which was a nice mix of shrimp and scallops.  For dessert, I devoured their sorbet trio which consisted of blueberry, coconut, and raspberry.  All were crisp and excellent.Overall, the food and the service were top-notch.  On the way out, we passed through the pub area, which apparently has its own menu and a 3-6pm happy hour.  I might have to check that out.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,5/21/2012,124,60,,7,3>Okay so, let me start out by saying that I am terrible at working out. Anytime I attempt a gym membership I find myself watching the clock and wishing I was anywhere but the treadmill. I put off trying TGM despite the fact that so many people told me I would love it. I guess I'm just not an early adopter when it comes to fitness.I have to say I'm borderline addicted to these classes! I can't say that I'm not challenged because there's been a point during every class that I feel like maybe I could give up and step outside for some cool air, BUT,  I feel amazing when I push through it and walk out of class covered in sweat and still smiling. Tracey's "no pressure" philosophy is so refreshing. I feel perfectly at peace with myself even though I know there are people in the class with way more experience ( as well as newbies like me) and no one is leering because I chill on my mat for a second or two. So, I would say to try a class. Have fun with it. Don't be afraid to smile if you're digging a song that comes on. By your third class you'll be wanting more. Most importantly. Get a towel for your mat that won't slide around and bring two bottles of water. Just a little advice from a raving TGM fan :)
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,5/20/2012,68,133,19,5,5>Wow, I find it hilarious that this is actually a rate-able place on Yelp. There's not much to it. It's a field with a bunch of concrete ears of corn, surrounded by your typical sterile suburban office buildings, likely stocked with call center reps. I drive past it twice a day - once on the way to work, and once on the way home from work, and it probably only enters my consciousness about 10% of the time. What's strange is that I've never seen a soul actually walking around amongst the corn. My theory is that it's some sort of time-slip, time-warp, or portal to Hell. I wouldn't be surprised if an alien/demonic race lives within each ear, and occasionally opens a trap door, snatching people into the corn and then plunging them down into the depths of Hades, never to be heard from again.Enjoy.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,5/19/2012,135,164,2,7,5>This Japanese Bakery formerly known as The Crescent Cafe, bakes up really delicious breads, cakes, tarts, puddings, croissants, etc on the cheap!  The logo features a drawn picture of a girl who looks more reminiscent of Belle from Beauty & The Beast than a Japanese girl. Perhaps that was the intent.  Upon walking into this brightly lit bakery, you'll find yourself in front of the registers.  To the right is a small area filled with wonderful packaged buns, croissants, danishes, and more.  For the holiday season, there were adorable breadsticks twisted into the shape of candy canes.  To the left is a the display case of the most delectable looking desserts.  I saw everything from cheesecakes, pear and fig tarts, flan, to green tea and strawberry sponge cakes.  The large kitchen in the back filled with convection ovens and baking equipment suggest that they make pretty much everything there.  Everything is crazy cheap!  Desserts are around $2.  The buns, croissants, and danishes are also around $2.I purchased a pot of Sakurumbo tea, almond croissant, fruitted flan, and a slice of pear tart.  It was all $9!!!  It was all really delicious, but the almond croissant really blew me away.  It was perfectly flakey with a great almond flavor.  The inside had a small amount of almond paste and the top was sprinkled with powdered sugar and almond slivers.  Totally awesome.Don't expect a wide selection of coffee or tea.  The focus is really on the baked goods.  They also have savory foods like potato croquettes, but I did not partake.  The dining area is to the far right and casual with a big mural of a sunflower field on the wall.  I will be back! :)
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,5/18/2012,62,163,3,3,2>We just found out about Lollipops & Lattes from a friend.  It is an indoor play area along the lines of Firefly Play Cafe in Clintonville.  Always on the lookout for a way for our three year old to burn off some energy on a cold/rainy day, we made the trek up to Powell from UA.  The concept is similar to Firefly, except it's a bit more formal.  Half the space is an official coffee shop and restaurant with various coffee drinks and simple food and pastry options. There's also free wifi.  So this half looks sort of like a mini-Starbucks.  The other half of the space is behind a wall (with large windows) that is pure fun for toddler age kids.  There's a bounce house, a play kitchen and castle, a mini slide/playground thing and (most importantly for our son) a train table.  There were quite a few other toys to play with including dress up costumes and smaller toys.  Also, the play space is supervised by the staff at all times, so you don't have to hover over your kid(s) for fear they'll hurt themselves or someone else... as an aside, does anyone else in their 30's remember when our parents would just toss us in the car and take us with them where ever they went and let us ride all over the place on our bikes with no helmets until dinnertime?Anyway, my son had a blast with the train table, I had the Buckeye Mocha (chocolate/peanut buttery coffee drink--not unlike similar drinks from Stauf's or Cup o Joe's) which was quite tasty and  I have a strong suspicion we'll be coming back soon!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,5/17/2012,86,267,3,11,6>BBR Columbus seems to have set its sights on being a casually cool modern rock bar with a secondary theme of sports pub.  You'll have to tell me when you visit which it is, which it might be.  BBR is on Vine, the Arena District, where there once sat a sushi restaurant.  It has a large, airy spacious patio outdoors which should work great in Summer and Fall (think OSU post-game or Clippers).  BBR (beer, burgers, rock) will become recognized for a menu of food items that one might call gourmet American favorites.  I tried the Caesar Wedge salad along with the Tequilla Shrimp Tacos.  SUPERB on both fronts and a nice marriage of tangy tastes.  I believe I saw/read while there for my first visit the slogan, " ... a place to play all day, and rock all night."  I think I counted over twenty-five HD Flat Screen TV's.  My night was USA vs. Mexico in a soccer friendly (lots of soccer fans so World Cup and Crew fans - unite) and the Tribe vs Tigers (Indians Win!!).  Most of the ambient music ranged from alternative to classic rock & roll.  Behind the bar was Sarah and Grant who were friendly and attentive.  The night manager, Brianna, is a classic beauty that has smarts and smashing good looks - Wow!  For one night, one meal and two Grey Goose and tonics..... I thought BBR Columbus served up exceptional - my hope is for an encore and a boost to 5-stars.  Give it a whirl.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,5/16/2012,114,521,1,6,3>Have you ever stepped into a place and felt like you somehow managed to transport yourself to a totally different part of the world?When I stepped into Tommy's Diner, I swore that I'd somehow been transported to upstate New York. A small but classic diner, Tommy's is quick, tasty, and CHEAP. It feels like it should be sitting next to the turnpike, not nestled into Franklinton. The menu is fairly normal diner fare, but the specials board is where it's at. We tried salmon patties and the Grecian Roasted Chicken and both were incredibly flavorful. The lemon potatoes and mac & cheese were excellent sides as well, but the veggie of the day (Green beans) were disappointingly mushy and really obviously out of a can. We also tried their rice pudding for dessert, and WOW. Very obviously made there (our waitress claimed we got the first serving out of a fresh batch), it was rich, thick, creamy, and spiced with just the right amount of cinnamon to give it a great tang. The best part? We were in and out for under $20 and about ~30 minutes. Absolutely worth dropping into - just don't be surprised if the line is out the door.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,5/15/2012,28,115,5,2,3>If you like pickles, spicy stuff, fishy stuff, and breast implants, Korean food is for you. I've never had Korean and I love trying new cuisines. Korean food turned out to be about as different from anything I've had as I could have hoped. It's nothing at all like any other Asian cuisine. What's interesting is you get nine little dishes with different little snacks or appetizers, whatever you want to call them. There were the aforementioned pickled vegetables, dried seaweed, fish cakes and bean sprouts. A lot of it was spicy, about at the limit I can handle. The fish cakes were very fishy, as was the pickled seaweed. Clearly they live and die by the sea and its contents. The dried seaweed was my favorite. It had a salty sweet taste and a fluffy, hairy, papery texture. The pickled tofu was good, the bean sprouts, the turnips. Most of it was very good, though I don't really like spicy stuff. I like fish but I don't like fishy stuff so I didn't like the fish cakes and wasn't crazy about the pickled seaweed. I forgot the name of the main dish I picked. It was noodles made with sweet potatoes, stir fried with vegetables and beef. It needed no condiments as it was cooked in a sauce that resembled teriyaki or soy sauce. The noodles were sort of clear and very squishy, almost gelatinous. When I bumped the plate, it all jiggled like a pair of surgically enlarged boobs. It was like shredded silicone breast implants or maybe jelly fish tentacles. It was very good but the texture was weird. I can't say I loved the food here enough to be a regular but it was good and an experience I'm glad I had. I've never had any other Korean food to compare it to but the food was very well made so I highly recommend it.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,5/14/2012,159,169,9,3,5>I can't help it -- I really enjoy letting loose here. While I do spend most of my nights drinking good beer and wine in the Short North/Arena district, I do really, really enjoy some late night Zenos.  Sure, its full of skeeve.  In fact, it is the embodiment of skeeve at most times (a quick google search let me know "skeeve" is not recognized by Webster.  I'm going to call his people and send him here so he knows to put it in the next edition and how to define it) -- but I rant...    Yes, it is skeevy and I've been hit on by more men that make me wish I had pepper spray or men that need taxis called immediately because they may have drunkly peed themselves.  However, sometimes you just want that middle-of-nowhere, who-the-heck-cares feel!Plus, once you've had enough cheap pitchers and played more rounds of quarters than you should, you can dance judge-free.  Which I do. Look for me.AND WHY HAS NO ONE MENTIONED THAT THERE IS 4 WAY PAC MAN HERE!?!?!?!  It is seriously how I get people to drive to Columbus to visit!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/13/2012,278,274,4,6,4>The falafel is great - the lentil soup even better!The vegetarian lentil soup has a very faint layered flavor of mint... so very YUM!I'm in love with the Baba, the tabbouleh is fresh and lemony without too much bulgar mixed in.  Bread with savory oil dip is fab!!Hummus is deliciously garlicky.  It's so close to my own personal recipe that I love it!! and I'm harsh on the hummus.Everything is fresh, fresh, fresh.  I vote for the bowl, not the wrap and do NOT pass up the "brown rice"  I think it's also a bulgar but so deliciously flavored and cooked it reminds me of a Turkish take on a risotto. The baklava is great, the custard is phenomenal with the perfect consistency and flavor blend of sweet, egginess, and vanilla.SWOOOOON!  This is just fabulous and I'm so glad it's near me.The people there have huge pride in what they do, and have even helped me supplement an event catering display on the fly with their wonderful baba and hummus.They close at 9 but have been sweet enough to break out all the stops when I waltzed in at 8:55 starving and craving.Come on down (er northeast) kids!   The price is right!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,5/12/2012,1489,2819,3,12,9>Our second stop of the Columbus tour landed us in the German Village at the newcomer of the group - Harvest.  Owned and operated by Chris Crader and reportedly combining local farm-to-table ethics with "rustic" Italian techniques plus the concept of unique small plates and upscale desserts with pizza from a wood burning oven I have to admit that walking in the door I was already convinced there was nothing like Harvest in Columbus and with a hostess greeting us at the door with a smile even as we walked across the outdoor patio I felt a pleasant sense of welcome the moment we walked in the door.Having heard that the restaurant has been busy in the weeks since its opening we were happy to find the place buzzing but not full and seated at a 6-8 person table near the window we were soon greeted by a pleasant young lady who presented the menus and filled our water glasses before inquiring as to whether we'd like other beverages and leaving us to weigh our options.  With an open kitchen and the oven largely displaced from the main dining room the feel of the room is still a bit barren and in need of some color, but at the same time the handmade ash tables and light tones provided a comfortable "not trying too hard" feel to the room while the large windows looking out on 4th Street provided plenty of natural light.  With our waitress returning and orders placed we sat and listened to My Morning Jacket, Modest Mouse, and Radiohead playing softly overhead while trying to ignore a bratty child at the 12-seater behind us until my appetizer arrived while our pizzas were being loaded into the oven.  Titled "Hudson Valley Foie Gras Torchon w/ Malvasia grape must, crostini" and served with drunken black cherries, this small torchon actually represents the first time I've seen Foie Gras as a regular menu item in Columbus since L'Antibes and all things being equal it is also the best I've ever had in the Capital City and essentially equal in portion yet half the price of that at L'Antibes or The Refectory.  Tasty and clean with a smooth gossamer finish, the torchon was a good example that although imperfectly cleaned (two veins, and the yellow grease/"foie gras butter" a bit too hard and separated from the torchon) had a great taste and when paired with the clever eyedropper of rich vinegar and drunken cherries worked marvelously.  Served with warm crostini I had no trouble finishing the portion myself and when I was nearly through with my crostini the waitress appeared immediately asking if I'd like more...a detail that cannot go unmentioned because this has only happened thrice before - at The French Laundry, Per Se, and Le Pre Catelan...all three Michelin Starred Establishments.With the appetizer gone it was next time for the pizza and given the breadth of options being forced to select only two was so tricky that we opted for one house made and one of our own fixings.  With an eclectic cheese selection mostly from local farmers our first selection of the day would be the "Mushroom" featuring Canal Junction Lock 21, Tomato Sauce, Mixed Mushrooms, and Truffle Salt.  Beginning first with the crust - in a word, it was "perfect" with a buttery golden exterior flecked with parmesan and wood tones and a center just seconds from being set.  Shattering with initial bite and giving way to a supple yet un-yeasty interior crumb the crust and wood tones were only enhanced by the toppings on this particular pizza, beginning first with the milky earth tones of the cheese and progressing through a slightly sweet basil and rosemary tinged sauce to more earthy accents provided by the mushrooms and top notes of truffle that registered faintly on the palate.  It was my favorite pie of the day by some degree.For the second pizza we opted to "Get Creative" with Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzerella, Ohio Bacon, and Cherry Tomatoes - a brilliant selection swinging opposite the Mushroom with its focus on a more savory tones as the charred tomatoes popped on mastication providing a sweet foil to the smoky cured pork (honestly quite on par with top quality charcuterie.)  Again with a fantastic crust, this time slightly more darkened on the edges I particularly enjoyed the fresh mozzarella (a $1 supplement) and it's slightly funky taste - not quite mozzarella di bufala but very close.Knowing that we still had four more stops to go on the tour we decided against dessert, though the Butterscotch Budino (a dead ringer for the version at Pizzeria Mozza - one of my top 10 desserts of 2010) and Affogato both looked good, and settled the bill that even with tax and tip seemed like a bargain compared to other Pizzerias of this quality (none of which have Foie Gras on the menu) before making our way to the street.  Though we still had a long day ahead it was here that I knew in my mind that Columbus is capable of producing great pizza and all I can say is I hope Harvest can keep its following because they are the sort of place this city NEEDS.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,5/11/2012,125,159,4,15,2>Let me begin by saying I'm still pissed at myself because I have lived in Hilliard for 6 years and enjoyed eating seafood for a lot longer YET this is the first time I've been to Frank's Fish and Seafood Market!  I should have been coming here at least once a week.What we have here is a wholesale fish monger with a retail store right in a strange industrial area somewhat near my home in Hilliard.  Not easy to find, but you can see it from Trabue if you look.Upon entering, you are confronted by a table piled with bins of ice and fresh fish and other sea creatures.  These are the specials of the day.  A nice glass case is to the right filled with the good stuff, fresh fillets of various fish ready to take home and prepare.  Then there is a wall of freezers in the back with dozens and dozens of other frozen fish and crustaceans.  Of course a lobster tank and the kicker..a great looking wine room!!If you enjoy seafood and like it fresh and with some comfort that you are buying good seafood, come here now!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,5/10/2012,19,189,4,7,5>I made the trip, and I am really glad that I did. There is something that is really enjoyable about eating at a place that the food is good, and the presentation and atmosphere are so unpretentious that you can't help but enjoy yourself.  The breakfast barn fits this bill nicely. The outside of the 'barn is dirty, dusty and is falling down, the inside  there are a few tables, some which have seen better days, and the walls are covered with ultra conservative comics that regardless of your political ideals are pretty amusing to look at while you wait for your food. The food is simple, tasty, rib sticking, cholesterol filled goodness. The prices are on par with what you would find at any other local dinner but  the portions are huge, and just plain tasty. They don't care about the presentation, the forks and knives and cups are all mismatched, but does all of that really matter if the food is good, the service friendly, and the coffee hot, and strong?You should visit for the great homefrys , pancakes, bacon, eggs, biscuits, and slap your grandma , amazing country gravy. Order the barnyard platter for 5.25 and you'll be full for most of the day.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,5/9/2012,33,299,,4,3>This is the main branch for the UA library system, and it is fabulous.  Large and spacious, with a wide variety of materials - books, periodicals, cds, dvds/blu-ray, etc.  There is a fabulous kids section, meeting rooms, study space, free Wi-Fi, and they even have a new "Gadget Gallery," where you can try out the latest eReaders.  The turn-around on the wait list for books is fast, and the email reminders on due dates are very helpful.  They also offer a ton of programs and events, as well as host a great book sale.  The staff is so friendly and helpful, and the location near the park is really nice too.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,5/8/2012,36,115,2,6,3>After last week's complete FAIL at trying a new pizza place (Katie's), I was determined to show the "out of towner" that Columbus can make pizza.This was a complete and utter hit.  We got the Thursday night special, a 12" one topping pizza and large grinder ($18.99), and split both.For the grinder we picked the Chicago Steak.  So flipping good...we we're both mumbling "mmmm's" while chewing our first bite.  This grinder came out on two plates, and the sub was easily 2 ft long whole.  The bread is soft and not over powering, the Chicago comes with Garlic spread on it, as well as the steak, onions and mushrooms.  This is the best hot sandwich I've had at a restaurant in awhile.The pizza was a simple double cheese.  We dined in last night, and I had quite forgotten what a 'fresh from the oven' pizza can taste like.  It was amazing.  Stringy cheese, flavorful sauce.It was every bit as tasty this morning (we had about 1/3 of the pizza left).Excellent pizza.I noticed that they do deliver, but for evenings and weekends, their minimum order for delivery was $40, most likely because they are unbelievably busy...we saw at least 10 people come in for pick-up orders while we were eating...and on a Thursday night!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,5/7/2012,64,129,3,11,4>I was craving a piece of Italy last night for dinner. Authentic Italian, not an Olive Garden. I searched for places nearby, and came across this gem. I spent a good $60 on myself, which was entirely worth it and I regret nothing. The Bruschetta was amazing, the pollo Rosamarini was delicious and I finished it off with a huge piece of Tiramisu. Service was great and always attentive to my needs.Scali's is located within a plaza off of Route 256. The outside looks sort of scary, but once you step inside, it's like being inside of an Italian kitchen. The tables are set with white linen, sterling silverware, and a candle. The bar has granite countertops, and several bottles of Chianti decorating it. A black and white poster of Sophia Loren adorns a wine cabinet. The kitchen is wide open, and if you sit at the counter, you have a front row seat to watching your meal be prepared. The wait staff is incredibly knowledgable and friendly.I started off with the Bruschetta, which was to die for. Four huge pieces of the ciabatta with ripe tomatoes, garlic & olive oil. It is sprinkled with grated Parmesan cheese.For my entree, I chose the pollo Rosamarini, which was two chicken breasts in a white wine, lemon, rosemary & garlic sauce, garnished with lemons and rosemary. With an entree, you choose a side, so I chose the traditional pasta with red sauce; also amazing.To end my delicious meal, I was more than excitied to get the Tiramisu, which was homemade and well worth every calorie consumed.If you are craving an authentic Italian meal, do yourself a favor and stop at Scali's - you will not regret it!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,5/6/2012,42,300,,8,3>Not only does Two Mad Dogs evenly match Dirty Franks, they beat them in several important area's including parking space, number of tables, free wifi, and more bang for your buck.  The fries are way better than Dirty Franks, but DF's has fried Leeks which are amazing.  At DF you have to pay extra for a bigger dog, 2MD's gives you a bigger dog to begin with.  DF's serves Jeni's Ice Cream and 2MD's should since Jeni's is now native to Powell, but they serve some other brand.The Slaw Dog I ordered was huge, messy, and tasty.  You get your own refills here which tops the slow service found at DF's, plus the soda machine seems to be configured properly.  Definitely worth a try if you need a quick, cheap meal in Powell and you're tired of the usual suspects such as Chipotle or McDonalds.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,5/5/2012,48,64,4,3,4>HOLY GUACAMOLE!! (no that's not a flavor.....yet??) Went here for the first time ever yesterday after hearing about it from about everyone i know. Alot of the flavor choices are a bit different, and sound very risky to try. Although i like a good risky food try (with the exception of coconuts, yuck) i went with Black Coffee and The Milkiest Chocolate in the World. These two went together like peas and carrots (also not a flavor.) Very tasty, very creamy, just too dang good. The Black Coffee didn't taste EXACTLY like coffee but more like coffee with sugar and cream (obviously), which is what i was hoping for anyway. When i got there the line was out the door which made me groan a little bit, but the line didn't take as long as it seemed it would. My only complaint would be that they need more seating. With such a small space though there really isn't much that can be done about it. And i assume most people would just get ice cream and walk down high street with friends, kids, or pets. Definitely going back for seconds asap.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,5/4/2012,160,933,2,5,6>Every now and then, there will be a place in Columbus I encounter, a place never before heard of, seen, or referenced in my hundreds of yelp reviews. I began hosting a party called "late night steak night" and was in search of a fantastic butcher shop in Columbus. When not even a yelper, but a co-worker suggested "that place on greenlawn". I thought hmm, greenlawn isn't in the best part of town, but what they hey. That's when I found out about Thurn's.Walking into Thurn's is like having your eyes opened to a new echelon of what is possible with meat. Almost everything here is fully cooked, in one of their smokers. They've been smoking the same way for generations, and have been around Columbus in some form or another for over a hundred years. So needless to say, it's hands down the best you can get in Columbus.And what a selection! I settled on some fantastic fresh smoked porkchops (literally sawed off to order), a pound or two of double-smoked wings, and a few slices of blood head cheese. Yes, blood head cheese, it's delicious, and you should be ashamed of not trying it yet. Thurn's knows what's good, which is why they still carry the traditional lunch meats, like head cheese, braunschweiger, and various "luncheon loafs".It's cash only, but for about $20, I walked out with enough to eat myself sick. So if you happen to find yourself around Greenlawn and 71. Look for a small unassuming  brick building just west of the highway, with a small green awning. You can't tell it from the outside, but step inside and you might just have your eyes opened as well.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,5/1/2012,60,266,5,9,5>Went here for dinner last night. The sister in law was treating, so how could I say no? I've been to Lucasey's a handful of times, and have only been disappointed maybe twice. However, both of these situations were fixed and mended. The food now is fresh and amazingly delicious, and the owner gave my family a gift card, and some free dessert for losing our reservation. So they definitely take care of you. The food is good, and rises way above mediocre Olive Garden-esque food. You're greeted with a basket of perfectly baked bread sticks. Not crunchy, and not too soft, they're wonderful! The only way I can compare them is it's like a crispy creme dough nut, but minus the glaze. I recommend the dip sampler for the bread sticks, which offer their handmade Alfredo, marinara, and garlic butter sauces. Mmm..mmm.mmm. I'm a one trick pony in this joint. I only order the Chicken Parmesan, because it has yet to disappoint me. I have eaten Chicken Parmesan in many, many places. It's my American/Italian food of choice, and Lucasey's by far has the best I have ever ingested. Here you won't find the chicken pre-pattied, or pre-breaded and microwaved. Everything is done by hand, and prepped to perfection. You get this crispy, crunchy golden breading, and inside houses the most tenderest piece of chicken your stomach has ever feasted upon. Top that off with their home pasta sauce and some grated Parmesan, and you'll feel as if you have experience Nirvana... right in Marysville, Ohio. What I also like about the Chicken Parmesan is that they serve spaghetti with an Alfredo instead of marinara sauce, which I love oh-so-much! I usually can't finish this dish, because prior to that you're fed complimentary bread sticks, and salad, which are as perfect as the entrees to follow after wards. The family has tried the prime rib, lasagna, ravioli, and a few other things and have never been disappointed. Desserts here are amazing. Screw you, Cheesecake factory, this place has it made! I tried the Milky way (like the candy bar) cheesecake, and I am SOOO not a cheesecake person, but it was good. Really good. There's been stories from the waitstaff that they give the pastry chef ideas for cheesecakes, and the chef delivers every time. Fruity Pebbles cheesecake, anyone? The wine selection here is very good and plentiful. What's the secret behind all of this wonderful food, and good wait staff service? The head cook used to be the Head cook at Doc Hendersons. (That really ritzy place in downtown Marysville where entree prices make your pocket book scream) Also, Their head waiter at Lucasey's ALSO came from Docs. All of the waitstaff here is amazing. They can balance more than three tables at once and not break a sweat. They're professional, and knowledgeable, and are friendly and will usually chew the fat with you, and not make the environment feel so stuffy. LuCasey's, at first you scared me, but now, you're a hometown favorite! Keep up the good work!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,4/30/2012,63,87,4,4,4>I'd put my Urban Cowboy (smoked pork shoulder, pickled onions, tomato, OMGBACON, port wine bbq and Gorgonzola) sammich up against Ike's Place of San Francisco's Castro District. It'd more than hold its own. Colleague in tow gushed about his Sweet & Savory (organiccrueltyfreemumiarangelocalsustainablesavet­hewales Chicken, cured bacon, carmel fig compote and swiss). Gild the lily afterwords with Jeni's Ice Cream in their freezer if somehow you have room after that and a half pound of fries with chipotle aioli. Parking is free but very limited, and the inside seating is virtually nonexistent. Agreed that it might be a touch spendy for a student district, but reasonable for the menu. Drive your Vespa up from Victorian Village. It'll be okay. Highly recommended.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,4/29/2012,52,126,4,3,4>The server could have punched me in the ovaries and I'd still give it a solid 4 stars.This place had been bookmarked by me since my finicky roommate declared his love for it and he hates toast. That's right, TOAST.Convincing my foodie coworker to go here was no chore. We arrived and were greeted immediately. The dining area seats around 50 or so and is very cozy.After deciding on friend plantains with yogurt salsa, a ropa vieja for me, and a southwestern salad for him, we dug in. The plantains were excellent! Tender and juicy but the yogurt salsa gets a special mention here. Toward the end we were dipping our forks in to attempt to break down the flavors. The ropa vieja, I will admit, I picked because of the muenster cheese. It came with fries and a jalapeno coleslaw . When I first dipped my fork and took a sample of the flank steak what followed is what I can only describe as a flowing of expletives that cannot be reprinted here today.Today was the start of a beautiful friendship that I hope will span over many more small lunches, brunches, and after work early dinners.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,4/28/2012,124,232,4,24,10>I've been attending Rock City Church for several weeks now. It's a newer congregation that is meeting at the AMC Theatres at Lennox Town Center near the OSU campus in Columbus. This place isn't your typical "Sunday morning church service" with a few hymns, a 30 minute "feel good" message and you're on your way type deal. Rock City is a revolutionary church on the verge of something huge in Columbus. Every sermon I've heard from Chad Fisher (the lead pastor) has been stirring and challenging me out of my own comfort zone. Lots could be said to describe the type of community at Rock City. Being raised in a very traditional church environment, I saw a lot of needless bickering. Rock City has proved to be the opposite! Their mission is to make their church a place for the people OUTSIDE of their own church walls. They venture out of their "church pews" into the community to bring hope and a message that can change lives. This is what the Church is about! What to expect when coming to Rock City Church: MUSIC!!!! Amazing music with a very talented band. For a church so young as Rock City, their praise team really has it together. They do a variation of worship music and then Chad brings the message. There are a number of ways to get involved with this church, from life groups (smaller groups of people that generally meet in homes for Bible study and fellowship), missions teams, worship team, and other avenues. Don't let fear of "not knowing anyone" keep you from coming! The church just launched back in April, so we're all still new. :o) But everyone I've met has been kind and gone out of their way to make me feel welcome. Come see what Rock City Church is all about. Service times are on Sunday mornings at 9:00, 10:45, and 12:30 p.m.!!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,4/27/2012,528,372,9,13,10>Latitude 41 is a gem of a restaurant and lounge nestled in the heart of downtown Columbus. Any complaints made in regards to the cooking and service at this chic establishment reinforces the veracity of how subjective reviews can be. I'll be honest -- I did initially turn my nose up at Latitude 41, touting it as yet another "hotel restaurant." However, I've come to learn that hotels sometimes house some of the best dining businesses in town. The key to dining here is to go with the tasting menu, in order to try the never-ending array of appetizers, entrees, desserts, and lastly, drinks. The tasting menu changes seasonally to accommodate the customers actually, because then, they'll know that the freshness is preserved while quality is maintained. If, however, one must order a la carte, I highly suggest the lobster mac and cheese as a starter, the speckled hen as the main, and beignets as a way to end. It all comes together into a harmonious ensemble, I promise.Service has always been friendly and attentive but not over bearingly so. The waiting time for the food may take a while, but that simply supports the given fact that nearly everything here is made from scratch. Plus, it's another reason to peruse the respectable wine list and partake in a glass or two.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,4/26/2012,28,130,4,3,2>Back in the day there was The Country's Best Yogurt (TCBY). I loved it so much I cried when it went out of business (sniffle). But times are changing- Today we have Orange Leaf! You can't get better than this (puts feet up on orange plastic stool. Lifts hands behind head and leans back)! Self serve frozen yogurt- wwhhaa?? Yes, my friends- dangerous! Let me say it again, SELF SERVE frozen yogurt! Frozen yogurt in a variety of flavors for your choosing! Forget plain 'ole Vanilla or Chocolate. Ptew. Who needs someone behind a counter telling you to pick ONE?! Not me, I prefer to carefully chose my 4 (not that you need a limit, but 4 is my personal limit, as things get too hairy after 4 choices) flavors by calculating the ratio of sweet to sour. What do you think of Peanut Butter, Birthday Cake, Rasberry, Cheesecake!? Or how about Pineapple, Vanilla, Brownie and Creme Brulee? Or a Peppermint Strawberry Funnel Cake (ok, I might have made this one up)?! But seriously, flavors change a lot around here, so I would definately recommend coming in often- you never know what flavor is coming next! And if that werent enough- there is a toppings bar with Butterfinger, Granola, Gummie Bears, fresh fruit, nuts and these little squishy liquid balls that I have no clue what they are called (lol) and more! Then, as is that weren't enough- there are sauces to put on top of the toppings! Butterscotch, caramel, fudge and a new one I eyeballed today- ghardelli white chocolate!!! Oh it is heaven to my lips and hips.. Dangerously addictive. Don't wait for warmer weather- go get some yogurt tonight!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,4/25/2012,138,202,1,7,4>I stopped into the Daybreak Diner on Webber road for some brunch a few weekends ago. There's about a dozen tables and some counter seating. The place is pretty cute, bright lighting, lots of memorabilia on the walls.Our server was friendly and attentive. They could have bigger coffee cups though, I drained my first one pretty quick.I was really hungry, and Daybreak didn't let me down. I ordered a thing called "The Panhandler," a big pile of hash browns, bacon, eggs, sausage gravy, biscuits, and grated cheese. It defeated me, I could not finish it. Other things that landed on our table included a nice broccoli cheddar soup and the Captians French Toast, French toast with Cap'n Crunch crushed on top, it was delicious!I wouldn't say it's my favorite breakfast spot in the 614, but I got a satisfying meal and the price was right. I would go back to try the lunch items.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,4/24/2012,60,54,4,4,3>Friends, edible vegan living is possible!Full-time? Ummmm, hell no.HOWEVER... I will say that there is so much more to Hal & Al's than an excellent selection of fine beers. I will say that, admittedly, before I looked at the menu I had no idea this place was vegan. I'm sure Jessica H. withheld this information on purpose in order to gauge my reaction upon making that discovery.I took the big leap of faith and went for the Smoke House BBQ Luna Burger. I'm immediately skeptical of just about anything vegetarian, and have trusted absolutely NOTHING vegan. However, I have to say that texture-wise, this Luna burger was prepared to where it was not collapsing, mushy, or anything of the like. Convert me? Absolutely not. But the barbeque sauce, the toppings, I'm telling you... it's a pretty good burger.I also recommend the Potato Soup, which is quite tasty, and if they have the veggie sushi rolls available, definitely give those a day in court. Good stuff.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,4/23/2012,117,189,5,7,6>Oh hey there, hummus. You are quite delicious.As far as the atmosphere goes, I'll skip over the whole "yes it's a gay bar, but chill for any sexuality" speech and get straight to the point: cool people, chill people, friendly people, happy people. Basically, the people here are the shit. Lots of personality with a touch of class. But not too much, Union frequenters know how to party.Things I love:-The Patio.-The Patrons.-The Strong Drinks-The Music Videos-The Bathroom Doors (okay, this is weird to comment on, but their doors shut completely. As in no one can peek through a crack between the door and the side and see you doing your business. It's the little things, really.Monday night is their Karaoke and the song selections often sang are quite depressing honestly. Lots of Whitney, Adele, and Mariah. Which is okay, but just such sad love songs. Thursdays? Oh Thursdays...you mean, black out after 1 and a half long islands and only spending $6? Yeah, that Thursday. Then we are crawling our way to Skullys drunk off our ass because of the awesomeness that is a Union mixed drink.Union. You are my kind of place. And you make me want to be a gay male. There, I said it.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,4/22/2012,78,138,3,4,3>I love you, Helen Winnemore's.Truth.  You are everything I want in a artsy craftsy gift store.  Everything.  You have the most unique trinkets, the most fabulous knick-knacks, and the most glorious gifts a man could ask for.  It is literally dangerous for me to walk into this store.  I used to live just down the street from it, and it's actually become more dangerous for me now that I live a little farther away.  I just love walking in and being greeted so warmly.  They always offer coffee, tea, or water.  How cool is that?  It's so fun to take your time and meander through the many rooms, look in all the drawers, and find what cool stuff they've discovered for you.  Downstairs there's a jewelry room and a couple other random rooms, and upstairs is more of the kids/seasonal area.  In all honesty, last time I stopped by here I didn't even make it out of the jewelry room.  I probably spent 40 minutes just browsing through here.  There's just something really cozy about this place.  This is totally worth your time if you've never been, even just to look through things.  Most, if not all, of the wares inside are hand-made by artists, so some items can be pricey, but they also have some lower cost items too.  I'd be surprised if you didn't find something to suit you, it's a pretty remarkable little cottage.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,4/21/2012,120,79,2,5,3>I live right by this park and LOVE LOVE LOVE the trails here. I am still a big rollerblader (Ihello, 1992) and the "Marsh Hawk" trail here is awesome for blading and biking. Its 3 miles, paved, and weaves in and out between sunshine and shaded forest scenery.  The park is pretty quite when I go, so you feel like you have the trails to yourself.  There is only 1 kiddy play area and nice public restrooms and drinking fountains.  They also have a Frisbee golf course, horseback riding trails and cross country skiing trails in the winter.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,4/20/2012,92,300,,5,3>Holy crap! This place is amazing! I hate that I didn't try it sooner because now I have to deal with the fact that I missed having it in my life when I could have been here enjoying it more! Alright, so maybe it's not for everyone, but here's why I love it. First, their drink options are right up my alley(and my son's). They have a root beer that will make you want to skip the alcohol. I'm quite a connoisseur of root beer, and this is one of the best I've ever had. They also have a great selection of microbrews on tap and a huge selection in bottles too. Add the Brothers Drake mead on top of that, and they probably have my favorite drinks list around. Alright about the food. The wings were perfectly cooked. So tender and juicy with a thin crispy exterior. A little too much sauce, but nothing that can't be solved by tapping them on the plate. Very easily overlooked because the sauce was pretty good and the chicken was awesome. Now on to the pizza. It's slightly NY style with a chewy outside crust and a thin, porcelain crispy yet pliable bottom crust. The toppings, sauce, and cheese are all great quality and they make sure it all comes together well. At first I was disappointed the artichoke hearts weren't bigger, but then I realized that wouldn't work with the thin crust. Alright so here's why it might not be for everyone. You seat yourself, and since it's small and can apparently be very busy even on weeknights, you have to hover over a table like a vulture. Also they do everything in the oven and when it's busy, you have to wait for a while. I saw one table get tired of waiting and leave, and others seem very unhappy about having to wait for a table with nowhere to really stand or sit to wait. Service was good. Accurate, quick, and kept my drinks filled. But if you're not in a hurry, come around 6, relax with some libations and enjoy your time while waiting for an awesome pie!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,4/19/2012,884,714,18,9,15>On a boat! We're on a boat! Yeah, I totally went there, but how can I not when recounting a tale of going to a pirate themed party on this here vessel, matey? Twas the opening party for a weekend bash thrown by the local community of another social media-esque site. There had to be 400 landlubbers on this boat, each more hammered than the next. I won't review said party, as yelp's review system can't do it justice, but I will review the vessel. Is she seaworthy? Can't say for sure. She never leaves port. Does she look and feel like a real ship? Indeed, she does. I'm a bit obsessed with pirates. Well, fascinated is probably a better word. This was the perfect location for a party like this. I absolutely loved it. With wenches, pirates, naval captains and the like all around, you could really whisk yourself away to a far off land of booze, plunder and pillaging. At least, I must have done something like that because I definitely have several hours for which I cannot account that night.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,4/18/2012,17,49,,4,3>I'm addicted to this little store. Whenever I am in the need of quirky gifts or just looking for some new tasty treat to try, this is typically where I head first. I especially loved their selections for Valentine's Day gifts, odd-ball things that I had never seen before like bottles of wine dipped into chocolate and decorated with more chocolate and Ohio shaped white chocolate candies with strawberry flavored flecks. They have also began selling some awesome local beers, I recommend the slightly pricey Horny Goat porter aged in whiskey barrels made by the Elevator Brewing Company. It's full of complex chocolate, vanilla, oak, whiskey, and coffee flavors but is light enough to be a smooth drinking beer. Everything that I have bought from this store has been a hit and I hope it sticks around forever and ever and ever and ever. And ever.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,4/17/2012,29,102,4,3,4>This place has a lot going for it. The heritage of Bexley Monk.  They did a great job of balancing the cool interior of the Monk, yet making the place their own.  Well done on keeping the continuity with the past. They kept the piano bar, so I'm assuming they still have people come in to play on the weekends. I'll have to head back and check it out.The staff is really good, friendly and attentive without being annoying. The food was good.  We sampled two flat bread pizzas. The first was a little blackened on the bottom, but still tasty. The menu has something for everyone.  Prices are reasonable, especially where the quality of the food is concerned.It is called Barrel 44 for a reason and this place has enough whiskey to float a battleship around. The Americas were represented with a variety of Jims, Johns, and Jacks.  There are several Irish clans on the shelf with multiple versions of the Jameson and Bushmill families are coexisting peacefully. If you haven't gone there yet, go. You won't regret it.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,4/16/2012,94,224,3,8,4>After all the raving reviews I just had to try this place!!  .....and boy am I glad I did. I had the huge 3 egg omelet with sausage, tomato, onion, mushroom and provolone cheese. You can pick one meat three veggies and one cheese. Of course you can always add more for a small fee. It also comes with grilled potatoes and toast but I opted for a biscuit and gravy based on other reviews... and of course I MUST concur.... IT IS SOME OF THE BEST SAUSAGE GRAVY I've ever experienced!!As for the omelet... HUGE... MORE STUFF CRAMMED INSIDE THAN THERE IS ROOM FOR!!!  Too much??... Never!!  But the most I've experienced in an omelet in a very long time!!The potatoes reminded me of what my grandfather would make for me when I visited him!!  Sliced and skillet fried until brown and a little crispy around the edges!!! Perfect.And to top things off, they have their own bottled hot sauce which is VERY tasty on ... well... everything!!Basically, as stated in all the other reviews, this place is awesome...YOU GOTTA GO!!!  Bookmark it, go there, and ENJOY!!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,4/15/2012,142,94,3,3,3>I'm a big fan of Piada. Nothing says delish like taking some pasta, adding some meat, throwing on some sauce and veggies, and then wrapping it and a wonderful tortilla-like flat bread. I've been to 3 Piada locations and the Easton location is a pure home-run. The space allows for plenty of lunch-rush diners during the weekdays. The staff is always friendly.When you go - DON'T GET A NOODLE BOWL. The sign says "PIADA" not "NOODLE BOWLS". So I'm thinking when you go for the first time, you should order the thing the place is named after. My personal fav is a Piada with noodles, Italian sausage, diavolo, spinach, tomato relish, and artichokes. YUM YUM YUMNow if sausage isn't your thing, my friends rave over the crispy chicken - aka chicken fritte.Don't forget an Italian soda - but be warned, it foams up like a mofo.  Now - if you are too busy to stop and sit there, Piada's online ordering system is pretty awesome. It allows for you to organize a group order, charge it to one card, and email each person to allow them to place their own order. The best part is when you go to pick it up, you just have it handed to you. It kinda feels like stealing. Also, when you get home or back to the office, everyone's name will be written on the items they ordered. Try it some time! We love it at my office!!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,4/14/2012,121,124,4,3,3>Let me list the ways in which Camelot Cellars rocks:- Janine, the new-ish owner, is an absolute riot. Knowledgeable, funny, engaging, and friendly, she will make you feel right at home. Get to know her in person or on Twitter at @CamelotWines!- Rick and Brendan, the staff, are great, interactive guys as well.- Wine isn't threatening or snobbish here. While I'm sure Janine could tell you all about this year's vintage versus that year's vintage, you can come in here with absolutely no wine knowledge and have an amazing time.- The recent redesign here is gorgeous. It's well laid-out with plenty of different spaces (working? drinking? lounging? partying? Camelot has it all!).- Free WiFi, so you can drink and work simultaneously.- You can host events and interviews at Camelot, including anniversary parties, make-your-own-wine parties, bachelorettes, and more!And with your SBB card, you can get $1 off each glass of wine from 5-9 p.m. Support local business and stop by Camelot--I think you'll enjoy it! All wine is made locally but with juices imported from all over the world.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,4/13/2012,19,85,2,4,2>Lemongrass is somewhere I have been meaning to try for years now, and I finally stopped in with the boyfriend for lunch. I'm so glad we did.It took us forever to pick out what we wanted to eat because so much of the menu looked delicious. Don't get me wrong, some of it looked a bit strange (I'm assuming that's where "fusion" comes in) but all of it looked delicious.In the end, I went with veggie dumplings and the peanut chicken salad, while my SO went with seafood rangoon and another seafood entree that I can't remember the name of. I was very impressed with my peanut chicken salad. It was definitely different, with a spicy-sweet-nutty sauce and a mix of textures, but everything tasted fresh and blended together surprisingly well. The veggie dumplings I had were decent, and the boyfriend's seafood rangoon was delicious- and this is coming from an avid seafood-hater. Overall, I was impressed enough with the lunch menu that I wouldn't mind returning for dinner, or for the sushi which I have heard so many good things about.My only negative experience was with our waiter, who was not particularly friendly. He got our food and drinks to us quickly, but he was very short with us and I got a very distinct "please hurry up and leave so I can go back to playing Angry Birds on my iPhone" vibe from him. Of course, we came at a slow hour and there was only one waiter for the whole place, so I wouldn't assume that this is the case for the whole waitstaff. But it's probably the only reason I can't quite make myself give Lemongrass a 5-star review. Overall, minor issues with the waitstaff aside, I had a great experience at Lemongrass and I'd love to go back for dinner soon.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,4/12/2012,7,55,2,2,4>I was in the neighborhood on a recent Sunday afternoon and looking for a new place to try.  Thanks to Yelp, this ended up being the place.  I have to completely agree with other statements made about the great service in this place.  I don't recall experiencing better anywhere.  I was very appreciative of the free samples, and I felt very welcome.  Even though the guys were hurrying to get people's orders up quickly, they were still taking time to answer the questions of the many new visitors who were there at the same time we were, and just chatting and being friendly with everyone. All of the free samples were very good, but we especially liked the eggplant one (not sure the name of it - apparently it's not on the menu because it's seasonal), and the spicy feta.  The two kinds of rice are both absolutely amazing.  I ended up ordering the hummus plate with chicken, lettuce, tomato, and the house dressing.  It came with soft, warm, pita bread, and the veggies were very fresh.  Delicious.  My daughter ordered the rice bowl, and she got it with both kinds or rice because she couldn't decide which she liked better.  They were more than willing to accommodate this request.  She ordered it with the gyro meat and some veggies and loved it.Before we left, we decided to get a piece of cheesecake to share later.  They were kind enough to also offer us a chocolate ball to try for free.  I was disappointed when I discovered it had coconut on it, but tried it anyway.  I'm really not a coconut fan (don't like the flavor or texture), but I was able to get past it since it was very finely ground.  It was worth it.  Not sure what the ball is made of (other than chocolate), but it is rich, soft, and delicious.  I do wish they offered a version without the coconut, though.  The cheesecake was, quite possibly, the best I've had.I went back again on a Saturday afternoon with a friend, and she was blown away as well.   The place kind of had a party atmosphere - total strangers in the place were talking with others about the amazing food and different things they were trying or had tried.  This second visit, I got the hummus plate again, but this time with the gyro meat and feta.  I enjoyed this combination even more than the first hummus plate I had.  I even took their suggestion to make it a little spicier.  I was told if I didn't like it, they would make me something else.  Yeah, again, I call that great service.  Next time, maybe I'll try the rice bowl, or the gyro, or the hummus plate with falafel.  Wow, tough decision!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,4/11/2012,59,193,3,4,3>this place almost makes the 'burbs look cool!The decor is funky yet tidy, with straight lines and fun colors. There's even a fireplace! The chairs are made of what looks like old seatbelts, although I'm sure they're actually custom made and several hundred bucks a pop. They make me want to try to make them myself, after imbibing enough caffeine I'd probably think I could pull it off, too.Crazy Goat is the only place in Columbus that serves Intelligentsia coffee, so when I was in the neighborhood on other business I decided to come get some of my favorite espresso ever. Intelligentsia espresso (Black Cat) is the best espresso money can buy.. delicious and unburnt, with almost a molasses sweetness. Blows all other espresso out of the water. and it's local to the midwest - produced on Chicago.But anyway, I digress. The barista at Crazy Goat made me a delicious latte using beans that I already knew were amazing. If she had messed it up, I probably would have cried. It was definitely one of the best lattes I've had in central Ohio. They had a few small bites available. I had a chocolate chip cookie, which was actually filled in the center with rich, gooey ganache. It was the perfect side for an afternoon snack with my coffee.now, if only they weren't all the way outside the loop.... I would be shaking from caffeine every hour of the day.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,4/10/2012,28,247,,5,3>Returned w/ a couple of friends to dine in. They provide you w/ complimentary edamame (which EVERY sushi restaurant SHOULD do but doesn't). We ordered 6 speciality rolls between the 3 of us and loved them all. Seriously you can't go wrong - there's something for everyone. Great combinations and flavor, not to mention the rolls are big! All drinks (beer, wine, martinis) are priced well - a majority $4-$6. They have coupons on their take out menus so we got 3 of our speciality rolls for half priced. Service was good as well - our waitress helped us choose our final roll when we couldn't decide and she was attentive. Probably received our sushi order within 15 minutes of placing it. Ronin is now tied w/ Sushi Ting in my book.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,4/9/2012,134,190,,14,6>Having served jury duty ten years ago in the old building next door, I can say that this new building - which opened in June of 2011 - is a lot nicer.First, the architecture outside makes the other court-related buildings look a little dated.  This building looks fresh, inspired and modern.  A lot of glass and metal; the glass for "sun harvesting" during the day and the metal for obvious stability.  This is a "green" building, with dual-flush toilets, energy-efficient window screens and low-energy indirect fluorescent lighting.  I also liked the glass entry and exit revolving doors; attractive yet functional.  The building feels comfortable, while being much more energy efficient than most buildings downtown.Without talking much about security (they don't like it when you do that), I can say that I had to remind myself that this wasn't an airport, and that I could - indeed - bring a water bottle in.If you're coming here for any length of time - say for a week of jury duty - there are plenty of places to park all-day locally, and some lots (if you arrive early) have early-bird specials that can make the daily rate as low as $5. I work downtown, and pay monthly in a lot down the street, but I could see where most lots in the area would be convenient and affordable.Across the street, you have several restaurants such as Subway and The Jury Room - a casual Betty's restaurant with vegan options.  If it's nice outside and you'd like to take a walk, the area is relatively safe, and you can walk down to the Columbus Commons park, which is a much more attractive site now that the City Center Mall has been torn down.Having only seen a few sections of the courthouse, I can say that the courtrooms are much more modern - both in design and technology - than the previous building.  Comfortable seats for the jury, recording microphones placed at strategic locations around the court, and a more functional layout, with computers at key locations.And, again, for those serving on jury duty, the jury waiting area is much more comfortable than the old building: a large room with screened windows, comfy seats, and even a separate "quiet room" if you'd like to use a computer with Internet or read a book.  They also have refrigerator/freezers for lunches, microwaves, free lockers that simply require a quarter deposit, plus complimentary coffee and tea.  Again, super comfortable, and even a separate set of bathrooms.The entire building has free Wi-Fi (AT&T), and the jury waiting area has its own special Wi-Fi, which I'm guessing is better for bandwidth, as you're not sharing with everyone else in the building.So although there's a very good chance that if you're coming to this building, it's not your first choice of places to be that day, it's certainly one of the better building options within the Franklin County court system in downtown Columbus.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,4/8/2012,156,314,3,7,7>No longer do I have to wait for the Ren Faire to get my fix for the sweet stuff; Brothers Drake has brought mead consciousness to Columbus and opened one of the best new venues around all in one fell swoop. This place is a must-visit for anyone who is ignorant of the deeper side of mead culture, as I was until I taste the amazing variety of meads coming out of this place.Besides a bevy of wonderful mead varieties, Brothers Drank can also boast of their AMAZING staff as well as the absolutely delightful venue their space provides. I have been to multiple parties and gallery openings at their storefront and every one has been a huge success. If you can, get a tour of the production side of things from one of the workers- they are all friendly, knowledgeable, and  passionate about what they do- not only in terms of making mead, but in terms of supporting the local community and keeping their business in line with the general theme of All Things Local.The prices might seem a bit steep for a bar, but mead is wholly worth the price point- to say nothing of these particular meads, which are far and away the best I have personally ever tasted. Whether I'm just coming in for a drink or coming to a planned event/party, I know I'm in for GREAT tasting booze, friendly service, and a quirky and fun little physical space. I can't say enough good things about Brothers Drake! I literally have not one complaint, although I wish I did just to round out this review. So I challenge you to go here for yourself and find fault- my money is on the fact that even if you do, it will be minor compared to all the delights in store.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,4/7/2012,1214,553,,5,5>Anthony's Pizzeria makes me so happy to be moving to Bexley!The night we signed our lease, we decided to try Anthony's for dinner. And oh em gee is this place delicious! This is not a fancy pizza place, and they don't do anything crazy or unique. It's an old-school pizzeria that just makes really good food. We had a stromboli and a calzone, and they were both fantastic! The dough is really the winner here - it's thick and slightly sweet. The service at Anthony's is right up my alley too. The employees were friendly, helpful, and fast. What more can you ask for?
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,4/6/2012,146,161,,7,4>Bumping it up to 5 stars and here's why. They've expanded their menu and it is GOO-OOO-OOD!!! Tonight I had ramen in a clam sauce, chicken skin, pork cheek, rice ball, duck gizzard, pork skin wrapped mushrooms, dukboki (which is a Korean rice cake in a noodle shape with a hot sauce on top) and a red bean & sesame marinated tuna. WOW, amazing flavors all around, but if I had to single out one item that i would take away with me to an unchartered, deserted island, I think it would be the duck gizzards. Fantastically seasoned, meaty and cooked perfectly. A very close second would be the red bean & sesame marinated tuna. And another huge improvement that I need to give kudos on is that they were well staffed and got the food out to you relatively quickly. They had servers and a cashier, which allowed Kenny & Misako to just focus on making good food. Great job you two, you've got a beautiful thing going here.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,4/5/2012,138,148,,4,2>After hearing about this place from friends that live in the area and many of the great reviews on Yelp I decided to give Lac Viet a try for a late lunch. Thankfully I arrived there before they closed at 2:30 and was the only person in the dining room. I was greeted, seated and served by the Owner who was very nice and had a nice discussion with him. He was rightly proud of the wonderful soup stock they have here. You can really taste the time and effort into making this a must in Cbus for Pho Phans!The lunch menu is fairly simple and prices are very good for what you get here. Of course they have hoisin and rooster sauces on the table plus their own house made hot sauce that is THE awesome, makes rooster sauce taste like ketchup. The dining room is very comfortable and nicely decorated with light muzak in the background ( I swear I heard a orchestral version of "Dark Side of the Moon" playing)Gave the Chicken Pho a try and it was wonderful, clear flavourful broth with a generous serving of rice noodles plenty of chicken. They give you a nice side plate of condiments (basil, sprouts, jalapenos) with just enough for your soup without wasting much. They also offer the nice big soup spoons with a nice feature, a hook on the end you hold so your spoon doesn't slide down into your bowl, cool.I lived in Oklahoma City for a few years and the large Vietnamese population there in the Little Saigon section of the city was my weekly haunt for a huge bowl of steaming Pho. It was my happy addiction and I really missed it when I moved back to Cbus. I have to say I have been on the search for something akin to my experiences out west and I think I have found my place here at Lac Viet.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,4/4/2012,42,175,,6,2>I was in Chicago eating a ridiculous amount of hot dogs about two months ago.  Like, even more hot dogs that I usually eat.  So I am to a point where I am nostalgic for my Chicago hot dog made in a way that would make Chicago happy.  Luckily, Wholly Joe's is up to filling that void.This place has a bit of a Portillo's vibe.  You order, you pay, you pick up, you eat.  There's shakes, hot dogs, burgers, deep dish pizza, and award winning dessert (is this sounding a little familiar?)  The hot dogs come in the white paper bag you've seen at Chicago hot dog places before.  I had a really great Chicago dog.  I think it's definitely want of the best I've had in Columbus. It already had my heart when I saw it was served with a celery seed bun, only to fall even more in love when I got to the cucumbers.  Cucumbers?  In a Chicago style hot dog?  Maybe this has always been on Chicago hot dogs, but it's new to me.  And I loved every minute of it.We also had their regular crust pizza, which was good. It was nothing to particularly write home about, but I had just eaten a great hot dog, so still count this place as 5 stars.  If you want Chicago deep dish (which I probably do next time), call ahead.  It takes about 45 minutes to make, and you want to eat NOW, don't you?Its out-of-the-way locale makes it easier to get in and get a table which in the Columbus hot dog game becomes increasingly difficult depending on where you're going (I'm looking at you, Dirty Frank's).  Another plus is it's one of the few places you can get Yuengling beer in the Columbus area, which is A Thing with my friends, so it might be one with yours, depending on who you're spending your time with.  Next time you're thinking hot dogs, you should think about Wholly Joe's!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,4/3/2012,57,205,,7,3>Decor: modern and (very) clean.Services: nails, facials, massage, wax, haircuts, etc.Now on to the important stuff - the people. Just got a brow wax by Carey and a haircut by Jennifer. Both = AMAZING. I can't believe it. I was hesitant to really try out this place since I heard the prices were high, but really... they aren't! It's almost like some "best kept secret" in grandview that I don't want to spill. Carey was attentive throughout the whole waxing process. I wanted a little more arch to my eyebrows without being drastic, and she gave me exactly that. I had a little bit of a reaction to the wax/waxing and had some welts break out along my brows, and it kind of scared me for a bit, but she kept reassuring me it would be fine and kept applying this special lotion. I immediately had a haircut following the wax but she said she would keep checking on me since I was in the studio. I thought that was very nice and considerate of her - she genuinely cared and wanted to make sure it wasn't a serious reaction before I left. She even gave me a packet of the lotion to take home in case it didn't subside. (For the record, the swelling went down in about an hour. She said that can sometimes happen to people who don't wax often).Jennifer is an awesome stylist. I have gotten my haircut x-zillion number of times and always find myself kind of settling for the most decent stylist I can find. Well, this girl is above and beyond anything I have experienced before. As soon as I came in she asked me what I did NOT want in a haircut. Which I thought was the perfect question since so often we all get cuts we end up hating for one reason or another. She then had me stand up and really looked at my entire body type and symmetry to see what kind of cut would best compliment "me" as a whole! I have NEVER had anyone do this before. She really took in everything I said and listened and made sure I got what I wanted. She catered my requests to fit my body and it turned out beautiful. Not to mention I was in and out of there in 1 hour flat. That included the mini-consultation, shampoo/condition, initial cut, blow dry, and any follow up cutting/styling after all was said and done. She must have so many tricks up her sleeve cause my cut was done in no time, layers and all. She said she learned a little short-cut in creating soft layers while in London and I almost couldn't believe how well it turned out. I felt like she just took a chunk of my hair and chopped it, but it actually worked. Plus she did any clean up afterward. The price is UNBEATABLE too, I've had my hair done at Aveda, Kenneth, and Nurtur before for (what I thought was) a reasonable price of ~$50. This cut was only $25!! (Normally $35, but she gives student discounts). Even at the full price of $35, who can beat that?? Are you kidding me? And this is quality cutting, not done by a student like at Aveda. I've also gotten a manicure by Lauren (?) and remember it as being a great experience as well. Overall, all the girls were super personable and very nice. I think to have a room at Studio Elements it must be a pre-requisite to have both exceptional talent in your field as well as a personality. There were no awkward silences, but nice casual conversation that made the whole experience absolutely inviting. I will definitely be going back to Jennifer for all of my haircuts and styles!! I recommend her to anyone and everyone.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,4/2/2012,67,288,2,4,3>Went here today for a business lunch, and I had low expectations going into it.  However, it was much better than I expected.The prices were fair, they brought out refried beans along with the free chips and salsa, which was a nice touch, and a large selection on the menu.  On the lunch menu they gave me there were very few vegetarian options, but when I asked the waiter he brought me a dinner menu and there were around 10 options that all looked good.I ended up getting cheese nachos supreme, and they were covered with more cheese than I thought possible, but otherwise the chips stayed crisp and the guacamole was delicious.The restaurant had lots of parking, a clean bathroom, and a fast and courteous staff.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,4/1/2012,12,51,2,6,4>I know a lot of people who are from Germany or who have visited Germany.  Which of course means I also know a lot of people who love to point out how inaccurate "German" things here in the states are.  They say Schmidt's is nothing like actual German food.  They hate on Oktoberfest at the fairgrounds, because "It's nothing like München!"  These people are major buzzkills.Let's put all the cards on the table-- Schmidt's is as authentically German as I am.  Which is to say, at one point long long ago my family came from there, but we're pretty thoroughly Americanized. But rather than judging Schmidt's on how authentic their sausage is or how historically correct the servers' dirndls are, just roll with it.  You'll enjoy yourself a lot more!Housed in a historic brick building in German Village, Schmidts' decor tends toward a cliche-Deutsch-y style.  It's campy, it's fun, and when I went, there was an accordion band playing.  Again, just roll with it. On our visit, we got the "Famous Pretzel Nuggets" appetizer, which were way better than your typical soft pretzels.  They tasted like they had been deep fried-- the outsides were crispy, the insides were soft, and the dough was slightly sweet.  There was a tangy mustard dipping sauce that came with them.  Give me a pair of stretchy pants, a cold beer, and hide me from judging eyes, and I could eat a whole basket of these on my own, no joke.  For dinner, I ordered the Hoffbrau Schnitzel, and received a plate of lightly breaded and fried pork loin, with a tasty brown gravy.  On the side I got potato pancakes and apple sauce (which were awesome like potato cakes generally are, but nothing too special) and sweet kraut (which I could eat all day long). My husband got the sausage sampler, which came with four different half-sausages.  Overall, the food was nicely flavored and I felt like the portion size was quite generous.For dessert, order the cream puff.  It's the stuff of Columbus legend.  Light, tender pastry filled with not-too-sweet cream.  Delicious!  Not authentically German... but once more, just roll with it. You can be the kind of person who looks for the authentic German experience in Columbus, deriding anything that doesn't come close to the ideal you have in your head.  Or you can be the kind of person who eats their Bahama Mama and enjoys the experience for what it is.  If you're that kind of person, you'll really enjoy Schmidt's.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,3/31/2012,176,61,2,6,3>The life of my hair has absolutely changed since I started going to SF to see Meghann.  She is brilliant and always fixes whatever issue I'm having with my style no matter what it is.  I also recently started getting spray tans here because they pretty much cost the same everywhere and I look like a freakin' sun goddess when I leave from an appointment.  P.S. Apparently the tanning stuff is anti-aging and it's has NEVER streaked for me.  Not to say it won't for you and that it doesn't go away after like 7 days, but still.  Definitely recommend if you need a little tint!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,3/30/2012,72,39,6,9,9>Einstein, I now know just how you felt. The moment I first heard the foreign but seductive phrase "steamed bagel sandwich" it was clear I was on the brink of a crucial discovery. Layers of lusciously melting fillings between softened Block's bagels for just six bucks?! It seems improbable, yet the science is sound.I don't remember Beekman's Bagels, but intrepid entrepreneur Jeremy Fox does. He correctly determined that Columbus was missing a critical element after its closing, and decided to right this terrible wrong. By serving the best damn sandwiches in this city from a tiny but capable cart, he turns crowds into converts with every stop on his righteous culinary crusade.I walked an hour into downtown for my first taste of "The Good Ole Goodale", and I'd do it again. I peeled back the foil and opened my mouth, and the flavors hit me like a hurricane. Warm avocado, gooey colby-jack, mild turkey and a messy triumph of cream cheese, honey mustard and veggies. Napkins are required for this one, but you'll still lick the aftermath off your fingers. It's one of the best meals I've had in my life, EVER.Later I tracked the cart to a rainy Art Fair, just for seconds, and opted for a breakfast sandwich on an "everything" bagel. My first experience had been rapture, this was more like sin. The "Friend of the Devil" is a friend of mine (and yours): piles of ham, three slices of crispy bacon, and a molten mix of sharp cheddar and American cheeses. The bread yielded beautifully, and each bite had a mix of sesame and poppy seeds. I have my eye on the "Erin Marie" now, a vegetarian creation sweetly named after his sister.There is no room for improvement, this place is the pinnacle of perfection. Customer service is tops, this man stands in the rain and smiles at each patron like the host of a steakhouse. And the taste, it is bliss wrapped in wickedness. I dare you to try.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,3/29/2012,20,263,,2,3>A beautiful ride on a bike. Now connects to the Scioto Mile, so goes all the way from Dublin down through downtown to Bicentennial Park and the Main Street Bridge. The trail is well constructed and maintained. One section detours through a neighborhood, but the provisions for bikes in this area are good and well marked. Only a couple places where you have to stop for cross vehicle traffic along the entire route, as most of the trail goes under the bridges provided for the roads over the river. Access is provided from the trail to local parks and across the adjacent freeway.This is not a race track and I've found everyone to be considerate and safe.  No problems bringing your kids for a ride or walk.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,3/28/2012,171,384,5,4,2>I've been to Pink Berry in Colorado. It seems people rant and rave about that place, and the toppings, and the service, and the INCREDIBLE WAIT to get it. It was good. Delicious. Cold. Creamy. Tangy. Lychee. Mochi. Yum.Orange Leaf? Like PinkBerry. Only self-serve. Evil, evil Orange Leaf. Charging by the ounce. With delicious fruit toppings. And mochi. And candy, too. A wide selection of yogurt. Delicious. So you can be kind of healthy with the fruit, or indulge with chocolate and candy. It's awesome.I'm writing this purely to rub it in my brother's face in Colorado (and his wife). We don't have PinkBerry here. WE HAVE SOMETHING BETTER :-P
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,3/27/2012,31,42,,3,3>I go for the hot pastrami. It's like a wet bacon sandwich..minus most of the grease. But what good is pastrami without a little flavor? I have had pastrami at other places, Danny's is the best. Also....they know how to cook a french fry!! Seriously, the guy cooking  fries should have a fry clinic, and teach places like McDonalds, Max & Ermas, etc...how to cook fries !!!  They are never greasy, always crispy, but never burnt...PERFECT FRIES EVERY TIME !!  Service is awesome, just sit down, and a waitress is there within seconds.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,3/26/2012,18,13,3,8,8>If you are new to Columbus, or want to impress an out-of-town visitor, run, don't walk, to North Market. (If you drive, parking in their lot is very inexpensive)Indoor open-air farmer's market that is just a joy to browse. I visited North Market before moving to Columbus, and it made me think, "this would be a really cool town to live in." It exemplifies the culture in Columbus that there is so much to do and see in this city.The first level is comprised of shops and food booths. The second floor is a sitting area that allows you to eat and people watch.Only a few of the attractions...a fresh fish booth, Indian and Polish food, an olive bar, cooking supply shops, local businesses selling greeting cards and hard-to-find ethnic food, a corner that sells any kind of spice/seasoning you can imagine, a candy store, Jeni's (THE place to go for ice cream in Columbus), and so much more.You could spend an afternoon strolling through this place. So happy to have it downtown.North Market is a gem. Make it one of your first stops in Columbus.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,3/25/2012,51,317,2,2,2>It's the CREW!  How can you NOT give them 5 stars???  (Especially with my husband watching over my shoulder?)I am a soccer convert - my grandpa was a soccer nut and I used to watch those games when visiting in Korea, but I've never been a huge sports fan.  I love my Cubbies (Chicago born and bred, baby!) but that's pretty much it.  Until I started dating my husband four years ago.  It was pretty clear from the beginning that between his fanaticism and my job, if I didn't like watching soccer, I wasn't going to see him much.  Thus another soccer fan was created.I love the Crew - it's just such a shame that the number of attendees for the games have dropped off so much.  The games are so much fun, reasonably priced, and the team is great!  Yeah yeah, they didn't do so well recently, but seriously, everyone has their ups and downs.  We've met some Crew players from time to time and they've always been extremely personable and don't get too full of hot air.So get yourselves out there and go see a Crew game!  You won't regret it.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,3/24/2012,65,187,3,5,3>The number two theater in Columbus, for sure.  Despite being located in the heavily gentrified South Campus Gateway, this theater is actually a nice little indie bastion.  This place has a great bar (although the beer isn't cheap), great seating, and reliable projectioneering.  The theaters aren't huge, but they seats are nicely spaced, and comfortable with wide rows.  They usually show movies that are more towards the indie end of the spectrum, as opposed to blockbusters and other mainstream movies.    The theater also frequently runs special events, which are usually cheaper than regular movies, and are often linked up with fun happy hours.  Parking is super convenient and cheap, just a dollar for three hours if you validate.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,3/23/2012,63,141,5,8,4>I freaking love this place. It looks like what a Japanese person thinks Americans think Japan looked like in 1982. You enter onto a bridge which goes over a "stream" that trickles though a Japanese village model. It is dyed teal blue and you can throw coins in it. The bar has cocktail tables made out of fish tanks. It one of the large fish tanks in the main part of the restaurant lives a huge orange fish that will kiss you through the glass if you get close.The cocktail descriptions on the menu for the Geisha Delight and the Banzai are worth their weight in gold. How could you not love this place?Hibachi isn't rocket science, folks. It isn't supposed to be a high priced steakhouse. Let's face it, Japanese Steakhouse aren't really even authentically ethnic (you should hear my Japanese mother-in-law talk about it). I've done the circuit in Columbus and in several major cities, the food stands up to most other places I have been. The food is consistently good, the staff attentive and dressed in traditional garb. They are very considerate when dealing with diet restrictions (I had a glutten free friend on my last visit). The prices are very reasonable, the drinks heavy handed, the sake average but given in large quantities at the perfect temperature.The best part of this place is they make fun of themselves, make the experience light-hearted and entertaining. If you want to laugh all the way through an perfectly good dinner and show, this is your place. Throw a coin in the fountain for me.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,3/22/2012,902,285,7,6,5>I bought a car here a few weeks ago and was really pleased with the whole experience. Buying a car is always kind of sucky because you have to put your negotiator hat on, and mine kind of clashes with my hair, but when it came down to dollars and cents I was pretty pleased that I was able to just make my offer, wait for the return offer, and back and forth until I was satisfied, rather than pulling sales manipulaions . So, buying the car was good! And I love my new Civic.I was extra pleased when, a week after buying the car my dumb ass left the lights on, and I got to experience Roush's free roadside assistance within 50 miles of the dealership, and got a jump start with a smile within 20 minutes of me placing the call.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,3/21/2012,49,894,,3,2>Fantastic!  What a great spot.  Although, before this stop, I would be hard-pressed to name one good Latin restaurant in Columbus, I'm happy to now be able to recommend one...El Arepazo.  I always have to order the giant sampler plate when I go to a new spot...so I ordered the Giant Bandejo.  This plate had steak, two giant strips of pork, the tastiest chorizo, fried egg, beans, rice, fried plantains, corn cakes, and a salad with avacado!!!  All for $13.  Sure I needed a bypass afterward, but it was worth it.  The fresh juices are awesome too!  I tried the mango and also the guava...delicious.  Thank God, Columbus is finally getting some diversity.  It is right downtown, and it is a small place, just beware of the suits taking it over at lunch time.  It can get very crowded.  They also have a patio, for the warmer months.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,3/20/2012,45,139,2,8,4>I quite literally stumbled upon Grill & Skillet, or rather my friend did, by just driving past the giant sign which states "Breakfast All Day." I have visited a few times now and it has joined my "other options" breakfast rotation. There are some big positives about this place, not the least of which is that it is old and homey. You really feel comfortable sitting inside, like you are at your grandparents house and they are making you a classic breakfast. ONTO THE FOOD!First the bad: The reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because of the coffee and the omelettes. The coffee is just bad, in a bad way, kinda like watered down folgers. The omelette I had was really overcooked, almost burnt. Now the good: The place has, what I figure to be, the second best pancakes in town. They are light and fluffy but not too fluffy. The Buckeye pancakes are perfect with just the right amount of chocolate and peanut butter chips making it not too sweet. The eggs are cooked to perfection and the ham was a hearty slice of caramelized heaven. I have yet to try any non breakfast foods, not that I intend to.NOTE: CASH ONLY!!!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,3/19/2012,175,131,1,11,4>Utterly obsessed with this new restaurant. Seriously, guys. You need to eat here. Right Now. TILL is a new concept. It used to be Dragonfly which was known for being a creative all-vegan restaurant. TILL now offers biodynamic meat options. All the meat is selected from farms that the chef has visited himself. I thought the food was creative and inventive. We had cheese puffs as our appetizer. They were flight and fluffy and garnished with the most delicious beets I have ever tasted. For my main course, I ordered the bacon, manchengo and clam pizza pie. The crust was soooo fluffy. Probably the best pizza crust I've ever had. All the flavors on the pie were well balanced and delicious. My dining partner had the BD burger. Seriously, the BEST cheeseburger that either of us have EVER tasted. No exaggeration. They have a great selection of beer and wine and ever serve wine on tap. I wasn't a huge fan of the tap red wine I ordered, but oh well. I had to try it. We finished our meal off with a glass of Lillet Blanc. For anyone who knows me, I love Lillet Blanc and I was so excited to see that they served it. Classy. The aesthetic and ambiance is cool, laid back and minimalistic. The music and lighting were perfect. I felt like I was in a chic neighborhood in NY, not Columbus. The best part for me were the prices. This place is affordable. A glass of wine, a glass of beer, an appetizer, two entrees and two glases of Lillet Blanc only set me back $66. They have a half priced happy hour from 4 - 6 on weekdays. I wish the happy hour were a bit longer so I could actually make it out, but oh well. Can't have everything.I will be back. Probably on a weekly basis.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,3/18/2012,64,68,6,3,5>So I thought about giving Sugardaddy's 1 star. Why??? because I know that the owners of Sugardaddys are so committed to excellence they would probably bend over backwards trying to correct my completely made up-bad experience and quite possibly shower me with brownies for life. . . . . . but that seems like bad dessert karma and, as cream cheese frosting as my witness, I want no part of that. Truth is. . . Sugardaddys are amazing. Amazing also, that my favorite items aren't even the brownies. The cheesecake - made with brownie crust is for lack of a better word, heavenly. My favorite treat is the biscotti paired with a shot of icing (50 cents for a mini cup of deliciousness is by far the best half dollar I have ever spent). But about the brownies. . . yeah those are good too! The peanut butter chocolate was tasty - not too sweet. The chocolate with caramel and chocolate raspberry were perfectly balanced and the Drunken Chunky was more like a cookie but taaaaaaasty. Yeah each brownie costs over 3 bucks but this isn't something you're going to splurge on everyday. The price is worth it and if you want to impress someone, especially someone who lives outside of the Columbus area show up with a few of these treats.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,3/17/2012,53,580,2,5,2>I have been trying to check out this place ever since it opened and finally had a chance this past weekend.  My first reaction was that I like it.  Yes, it stills looks very similar to Ruby Tuesday in the booths and placement of the tables but the decor tries to take you to a dock or harbor somewhere.  This place has numerous big tables to allow large groups and would be a decent place for Happy Hour with a group with decent deals.  Is the seafood fresh and flown in, not sure, but I was happy with the taste of my blackened tilapia (11) with grilled zucchini.  The tilipia was perfectly grilled and I love the cajun seasoning that gave it a little kick.  The Mango salsa on top cooled it down a bit but I would not have needed it on my fish.  The rest of the table tried scallops, shrimp, and the crab cakes.  Their meals ranged from $14-16.  No one was disappointed with their meal and very happy.  I tasted the scallops and I am a fan.  Cooked perfectly which I know can be hot or miss whenever you go to a restaurant.  You also get a bottomless house salad when you order.  I would suggest asking for a little dressing because they put too much on our first bowl.      My in-laws actually gave it rave reviews saying it was better than a local seafood place in their area that is more expensive then Marlin & Ray.  If you think their fish prices are too much then i would suggest ordering a sandwich or coming for $2 fish tacos at Happy Hour.  They also have some decent deals on adult beverages for Happy Hour.  All-you-can eat peel and eat shrimp for $11.99 is another decent deal between 4-7 pm.          I see why most of the reviews have been positive as the service was also very good and I felt like she was close whenever I needed something.  This is a good place for someone who is watching their carbs and trying to eat healthy.  I hope that time doesn't dilute the food or attention the detail that I think they have right now.  Their prices make it a little easier for someone like me to do fish outside their own grill and supermarket.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,3/16/2012,60,52,4,5,2>What a fun event!I attended a "Learn to Curl" clinic offered by the Columbus Curling Club. For $25 you get a lesson on the history of the sport and the club, small group (about 4 students/instructor) instruction on the techniques and rules and then a good bit of practice and playing time.The instructors and curling club members were helpful, patient and enthusiastic about their sport.  I also appreciate their safety-first mentality, as it's incredibly easy to fall on the ice.  In fact, most people DID fall at some point...all part of the fun.The experience isn't for everyone, but is great if you are slightly athletic, patient and not afraid of looking silly.   Once you attend a Learn to Curl clinic, you can join an Instructional League for additional practice.Oh, and it's a social sport too, as groups stick around a bit for beers and beverages after playing.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,3/15/2012,107,100,4,4,5>How far can $2.50 get you?Sadly, now a days $2.50 couldn't even get you a pack of sugar-free gum, but it can get you to see a movie at Carriage place theater!! This is a great place to go any day of the week-- I think Tuesdays it is even half price. I got the shocker when I went to go see a movie at Lennox and it was close to $11, I don't care if the seats are higher, offering more back support, that you can order nachos while watching the movie, or that you can get a free sticker or poster upon arrival--But carriage place is right up my alley. I mean you can arrive, walk over and look at the cute puppies in the pet store (wondering how you could come back in a cape and rescue them all), then run over to Walmart to get a snack during the movie (I know, I know, don't tell the movie police) and then sit down and enjoy a cinematic tale! So come check this movie theatre out if you are with a friend, too busy to see a flick when it first comes out, bored on a rainy day, on a date, or even by yourself (yes, people do that!)
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,3/13/2012,5,34,3,9,4>Let me start off by saying I am from NJ.  If you know anything about NJ (Sopranos anyone?) We pride ourselves on our quality Italian foods, and can find it just about any of our small towns and eat it often.  Moving to Ohio left a huge gaping hole in my heart (or stomach) because of the lack of good Italian restaurants.  No Olive Garden or Carabba's don't count!!!  Then I found Lola's.  It was recommended to me about a year ago, but I was too skeptical to try it.  So many times well meaning friends have recommended Italian to me here and I've left disappointed.  To me, good Italian food is about the sauce.  The kind, where even though you are stuffed, you want to use your Italian bread to scoop the rest up!!  Finally I tried Lola's during a huge Italian craving.  I was blown away!! Its the real deal!!!  Hooray!!!  I can't wait to go back.  Even the atmosphere was perfect, quaint, and family run.  And with good Italian wine :)  It isnt NJ, but its a close second!!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2011,3/12/2012,36,75,2,3,2>Their food is fantastic. Don't let the small size of one of these waffles fool you, have one and you won't need to eat for some time. They are fantastic, especially with the chunks of sugar in the dough, that carmelizes when it comes in contact with the hot iron.   Buy a 4 pack to go, and have them later in the week heated up in the oven, you won't regret it.The crepes are an awesome item as well. I've had the savory crepes, usually just the traditional one with ham.  The buckwheat flour used for the crepe batter gives a nice substantial feeling to the crepe. Have lunch here, and you will not regret it.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,3/11/2012,105,485,3,3,4>So far so great! I've been to one class, and really enjoyed it. My teacher was Sipra Pimputkar, and she has been instructing yoga for over 20 years! I found out about this place from a recent groupon, but from what I can tell, prices for her classes and others in the studio are great. It was much more spiritual than I expected, and not in a bad way. She talked about practicing breathing techniques along with the stretching. It was very slow, but I can feel it in my muscles. The room is small, so make sure you sign up (online!) before you go. Bring a mat and take off your shoes before you enter the studio, don't worry, you go inside a bigger building first. If you forget anything, she does have mats and blocks to borrow.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,3/10/2012,185,387,4,6,3>Review number 15915370195 from the International Supper Club outing!!I ordered the Bibimbap-- it's a great dish to try when you're sick/hungover/cold/whiney. I love anything with an egg on it. Plus, there were lots of tasty veggies. It's a nice, straightforward and comforting heap of vitamins (from the veg), protein, and carbs. When the rice gets crispy against the hot stone bowl, it's satisfying to dig around and try to lift up the biggest cluster of crispies you can find. It's a similar satisfaction to picking a giant scab or peeling off large flakes of skin from a sunburn.... I guess that sounds gross, but I mean it in the best way possible.I, too, wished there had been some karaoke going on when we were there. Or maybe more info about karaoke times.Service was good. Our server had a lot of personality for a tiny woman. She kept track of our checks and orders by putting our initials on each page, which is effective and speedy. Great for groups!I'd love to bring my parents here, and get a few dishes for the table to share. Most menu items seemed gigantic. Everything was so good, it'd be a great idea to take advantage of your table mates and mix and match your plates. I hope our influx of reviews encourages more people to come here. The owners and employees of Silla deserve it! Looks like they work hard and care about their customers and cuisine.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,3/9/2012,97,185,2,4,2>Has no one really reviewed this location of The Candle Lab? That's crazy!I love candles. I really do. I love GOOD LOOKING candles, especially. I just like everything to look good in my apartment. Who wants an ugly candle sitting on a table top? So yeah, the candles look nice in their little jars with the simple black and white logo and black screw on lid. The scents are nice too! I am really digging my Sugar Cookie and Pomegranate ones. I also got a few for Christmas gifts and they were a hit. One of them was for a work Christmas party and the Bacon scented candle stole the show. Definitely go in here and get a few (be sure to dedicate sniffing time because there are a lot of scents.)  Light your rooms in stylish LOCAL candles, people!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,3/8/2012,42,196,3,4,4>I took my parents here when they were in town visiting. Everyone loved their food!The place is a "diner" in name and style only, this is very fine dining at its best. Cap City is very well kept up and clean. We got in pretty quickly despite it being very busy. I had the legendary meatloaf on a sandwich and it was pretty darn good. Best restaurant meatloaf I have had. The parents got the meatloaf sandwich and grilled tilapia and both commented that it was very good. Even the kids liked their food! Some places really skimp on the kids meals, but not Cap City. I ended up eating the leftovers.I also recommend the maytag bleu cheese chips as an appetizer. They are pure salty goodness. There is lots of good stuff on the menu and I would like to come back to experience some more of it.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,3/7/2012,26,378,,3,3>Just got home from breakfast, and I'm so glad we finally got in! We tried last week, but had another couple with us who had a baby. Not a good place for that. Upon a friend's recommendation, we had the pancake balls with strawberry preserves and sweet and spicy bacon, and the breakfast tacos. Just all-around outstanding. They even had fresh squeezed OJ, which we sadly didn't get.The bacon alone is worth the trip. I've never had anything like it. It has a sweet glaze and starts with an almost candy-like taste. It's soon followed by a spicy kick. So strange. So good.The pancake balls are light and fluffy, and perfectly cooked, with just the right amount of filling. They give you eight or nine, so it's way more than I could handle. Sadly, three ended up in the trash.The tacos are excellent as well. Eggs, chorizo, and really good corn tortillas.We can't wait to try their lunch options.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,3/6/2012,44,92,4,4,2>I went to House of Japan last night with my girlfriend for dinner and had a great time!I love Japanese food and she loves Oriental food entirely, so it was a good fit for us. I also enjoy Japanese steakhouses. I don't mind sitting next to someone I don't know. That's part of going to a Japanese steakhouse is to share the grill with another party or two. I also love the great show that Japanese steakhouse grill chefs usually have planned for you.When we arrived at House of Japan, we were a bit worried that they wouldn't have a table ready for us, as it was Friday night. Surprisingly, though, we were seated right away! They gave us a bit of time with the menus.House of Japan has a great menu! I was originally going to go for sushi, (it's one of my favorite Oriental foods), but I decided to go for their hibachi shrimp instead. And I'm glad I made that decision. I ordered a pina colada from the bar to drink and my girlfriend ordered a glass of wine.We were sharing the grill-table with three other couples and we all got along great. When the waiter brought the drinks, he also brought us some soup on the house to start the meal. It really tasted great on a cold night.After we finished with the soup, the grill chef arrived to start the show! He was not Oriental, but he did put on a great grilling show for us. That kinda added to the fun of the night. He started by of course firing up the grill, literally, always fun! Then put on the rice. We had all ordered fried rice except one woman at the table. The waiter brought hers' in a bowl while the grilling was going on. Some people at the table had steak, others had chicken, and both my girlfriend and I had the hibachi shrimp. The chef added to the show by bouncing an egg off one of his knives and giving funny names to the foods (such as calling the grilling oil Japanese Corona, calling a potato order Japanese French Fries, and calling a lemon he used to clean up the grill a Japanese rubber ducky). The food tasted great! I was a bit jealous of my girlfriend because she knows how to eat with chopsticks and I don't. But she's teaching me! I'm sticking to the fork for now, though. The price wasn't too bad for a Japanese steakhouse either. Sometimes they can be pretty pricey. House of Japan also has a nice bar area with a full bar, so I guess if we had to wait it really wouldn't have been too bad.All in all, House of Japan made for a fun and relaxing dinner. I plan to go back soon.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,3/5/2012,124,60,4,3,3>Wait. I can go to the movies for under $50? This is amazing! The ticket prices at this theater may not have been raised in the past 10 years and i'm love it. I can go to a movie ( a new release) on a Friday night and an adult ticket is only $6.50. Take that AMC. The concession stand prices aren't that far off from most other theaters, but when you're not taking out a loan to get in the door it's easier to load up on the popcorn, soda, and candy. I'm a fan of saving money and I can get past the terrible decorating since I forget about it as soon as the movie starts and I leave not feeling completely ripped off.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,3/4/2012,93,276,,3,2>Circus is definitely not some classy, upscale joint, but I really enjoy this place. The cover is low and reasonable, the drinks are strong and cheap, the music varies from night to night and variety is the spice of life, they say. The bathrooms are downright gross and the doors don't lock, but that's pretty typical of dive-y bars in general. The back patio/smoking areas is nice, even for us non-smokers. If you're a beer drinker, they have a pretty decent selection for this type of bar. If I'm in the mood for some strong refreshment, dancing, and I'm low on cash, I'm definitely gonna pick this place over some of the other, way more expensive places in the area.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,3/3/2012,56,151,,2,3>I truly believe this is one of the little hidden gems in Columbus. While several people have heard of this company, few know that they actually serve sandwiches and shakes here- but not just any sandwich- a variety of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. What better comfort food than sitting down to a lunch of peanut butter and jelly with a milkshake for dessert? I took my parents here on their last visit. Upon walking in is an overwhelming variety of nut butters (peanut, almond, cashew), nuts, snack mixes, candies, etc. on the shelves along the walls. They also have a little "cafe" off to the side. This is why I really wanted to come! Their whole menu is reasonably priced, with no sandwich costing more than $5. After much contemplation, we decided to share the Classic Old Timer and the Almond Delight with orange apricot spread, both on white bread (despite the fact that even as I kid, I always declined white bread- something must be wrong with me). The Classic Old Timer was just that- crunchy peanut butter, strawberry preserves and slices of strawberries sandwiched between two slices of soft white bread. The saltiness of the peanut butter and sweetness of the preserves and fruit really complimented each other. And that bread- I need to find out where it comes from because it was fantastic. So fresh and so good. I wanted to try a sandwich with one of the other nut butters, so we decided to get the one made with almond butter. The Almond Delight was made with their smooth almond butter and your choice of any topping. We chose the orange apricot fruit spread and although slightly tart, it was the perfect combination with the almond butter. Of course after enjoying the sandwiches so much, we couldn't pass down the opportunity to finish off our meal with a milkshake made with their delicious peanut butter! We ordered the peanut butter-chocolate...my mouth waters just thinking about it! It's the best milk shake I've had in a very long time- my mom and I fought for the last sip. I didn't leave the store without a jar of peanut butter and almond butter. I've been recommending this place to everybody since I've eaten here, and I will surely be back soon!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,3/2/2012,38,73,2,2,2>This place is nearly magical. If you have low expectations for a restaurant boasting vegan, gluten free options, think again! The food was tasty, full of flavor, and very filling. If you need gluten-free options, just tell your server, and they will really take care of you. I got the lunch buffet, which came with a few dishes along with the buffet options. The food just kept coming, and each dish was better than the last. The coconut chutney tasted like a bowl of awesomeness. I could not get enough of it. Be sure to try out the mango juice- it is a sweet option that tastes like a special dessert. Whether you are a meat-eater or PETA fanatic, this restaurant will leave you satisfied.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,3/1/2012,38,155,2,2,3>Came here yesterday with a girl friend, and it was the first time for both of us. It took me a while to find it until she told me "Two doors down from Hoggy's, going away from Kroger."This place is super-cute! And I'm not the sort of person who usually describes eating establishments as "super-cute." Honestly, everything looked so fresh and good, I was kind of sad we were each only having one thing. I had a generously sized piece of quiche with ham (and berries!) and a hot cocoa, and my friend had a bread pudding I think, and some sort of hot caffeinated specialty drink. Food prices were OK, though I thought the beverages were a little pricey, although not unreasonable.Oh, the important part. Everything was delicious! Oh my. So good. I would definitely recommend it. I myself will need to go back because even though we each tried what the other ordered, I have so much more quiche and pastries to explore! =)
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,2/29/2012,115,228,4,6,6>I will never buy spices anywhere else again. (Well, maybe at the Asian markets.  But that's different.)You guys. You guys.I had the most incredible spice-buying experience today. I popped into North Market Spices looking for some high-quality spices to put in a gift basket--a very, very belated Christmas gift to my foodie father.  I knew that NMS had a good selection of chili powders, so I wanted to check them out. Not only do they have an incredible selection, but their staff was exquisitely helpful without being pushy--which is difficult in such a small space, since you're practically right on top of each other all the time.The woman and the young man working were friendly from the get-go, telling me about all the great spices that they carry and urging me to smell this and that. Any other people might have sounded sales-pitchy doing this--and you guys may know by now that I normally like to be *left* *alone* when shopping--but the staff is so warm and passionate about spices that we connected immediately, and their help wasn't pitchy at all. This is the kind of shop where you build a relationship with the staff. You can't help yourself, they're just that cool.Needless to say, I walked out of there with a good $20 worth of product: fresh vanilla beans (like $6 for three HUGE, fresh beans! It was an awesome deal), paprika, chili powders, and a few blends that they make right in the store. The prices are excellent considering the quality of the spices.I will definitely return here sooner than later. The only negative about this shop is the space is so, so small--and when there's two people on staff, it's a little difficult to get around. They need a bigger booth!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,2/28/2012,309,391,2,6,4>One of the tastiest examples of Midwest Pizza I've ever had.Midwest Pizza? Let me educate you! Thin(ish) crispy crust, edge-to-edge toppings, small pepperoni that curls up and forms pools of grease and a "stinky" Parmesan based cheese are all signs you are eating Midwest style pizza. That, and the "party cut" rectangular slices. Tammy's is a tastier, cheaper and more local version of Donatos.Tammy's does a great job at topping quality, quantity and disbursement. The pepperonis avalanche over each slice, the veggies are finely diced and spread evenly and the Italian Sausage is some of the best I've ever had as a pizza topping. An X-Large 1 topping runs about $15 and will feed 4 hungry people with ease. It'll start to run a little pricey, but I recommend adding on another medium or large so you can guarantee cold pizza leftovers. And you'll want 'em!We take our pizza to go, to eat in the comfort of the living room, but the dining room at Tammy's is equipped to entertain with a few arcade machines. It really makes me nostalgic for elementary school pizza parties!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,2/27/2012,278,274,2,4,3>First I was a hater, now I am a lover.During opening week, things were a bit rough.  Now, it's a place of vegetable wonderment.Soups are fresh daily, many are vegetarian (but not vegan).The Capitol Apple salad is indeed delicious!  Apples, cranberry, goat cheese and cubes of baked butternut squash with caramel apple dressing. YUM!All dressings are made from scratch.  Garlic herb is pungent but awesome as a dipper for the Brezel pretzels that are now carried.  Pretzel shipments usually come in on Wednesdays but sell out quickly.Tips: add sunflower seeds at no expense.Get a side of dressing as a dipper sauce for pretzelsYour SBB card gets (I think) a free salad when 2 others are purchased.After 5 pm, you get a free drink with a salad.If vegetarian, let them know, and they will chop on a separate board so there is no cross contamination.  There seems to be no understanding of the levels of vegetarianism: vegan vs lacto-ovo in particular.  Just be clear in your requests. (yes, I want cheese, dammit, but no, please don't chop it where you chopped chicken....and no, I am still a vegetarian).Your best best for a veggie salad other than the vegan one on the board, is to do a choose your own. NOT modify existing salad combos-that will cost you more.The folks behind the line are very sweet.  AND, if you ever need an in-home chef for an event/holiday, these guys will come to you.  Just ask for their info when they are making your salad.Breakfast is awesome... $4 gets you eggs, cheese and 2 ingredients.  I love white cheddar with asparagus and roasted butternut squash.Market 65 is an awesome place for a relatively healthy lunch alternative in the downtown area.  I suggest taking it to go and heading through the hall to the Columbus Commons for a sunny afternoon lunch.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,2/26/2012,27,185,2,5,4>Seriously, how do they make a tea, call it "Midnight Magic" (or some name like that with no indication of flavor)....and actually make it taste like...well...Midnight?  I am seriously impressed by the tea here.  Again, I don't even normally like flavored teas but I make an exception here.  Those scones are amazing too. The people working there are nice, though I suggest coming when they aren't busy to ensure you have time to discuss the teas with them and have them help you figure out what you're looking for.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,2/25/2012,68,133,4,3,3>ZOMG! Just got around to trying Piada today since this location just recently opened near my house and I loved, loved, loved it! All of you suckers complaining about waiting in line need to take advantage of Piada's online ordering system like me. I ordered my Piada and Piada Stick online, entered the time that I wanted to pick it up, paid for it, and bypassed everyone in line and simply grabbed my bag and left. I was in the restaurant for a grand total of about 30 seconds. (I did notice that the building had an odd "new" odor, kinda chemical-y, and Fatboy Slim was cranked up to ear-splitting levels, but I wasn't in there long enough for it to bother me - it may have if I was eating in.)The Piada is indeed just like a burrito, and I got it with pasta (angel hair), chicken, spinach, tomato relish, cucumbers, peppers, spicy tomato sauce, and mozzarella. It was quite large - in fact, half of it is currently chilling in my fridge and will serve as dinner tonight. The Piada Stick defies description - its sort of like the crispy, cheesy edges of a pizza, filled with pepperoni and stretched out to a foot long, served with a Parmesan ranch type of dipping sauce. This is upscale fair food and a coronary waiting to happen. But damned if it isn't one of the most astoundingly delicious things you'll ever shove down your throat. At only $1.95, these things are a cheap and fun-filled way to kill yourself. Definitely worth trying as a new lunch option in the Perimeter corridor. And remember, order online!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,2/24/2012,135,164,,15,5>Green Bean Delivery delivers local produce and natural groceries delivered to your doorstep!  They serve areas within Ohio, Indiana, and Kentucky.Choose a bin to suite your needs.  The bins range from small to large and can be filled with fruits, vegetables, and grocery items.  I opted for the small fruit and vegetable bin.  For $35 I get to pick what produce goes into the bin plus add additional grocery items like eggs, milk, grains, cheese, beverages, etc.  I chose to have my bins delivered every other week since it can get pricey and I alone can't finish off an entire bin in a week's time.  The goods come delivered in a sturdy plastic bin with a cooling block to keep your produce cold.  The produce always looks super fresh and delicious.  I've never received a bruised looking item.  Getting produce from Green Bean Delivery has single handedly caused me to eat healthier and cook more.  It has encouraged me to be more creative and cook vegetables I have never tried before.  Supporting local farmers is also a plus.Their customer service is also pretty excellent.  I ordered some Snowville Milk once and found the milk carton to be leaking.  I notified them via email and they immediately responded and gave me the option of including a free milk for the next bin, or a credit.  I love love Green Bean Delivery and look forward to my bins!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,2/23/2012,1489,2819,2,4,4>Its not Used Kids and it isn't even what Singing Dog once was, plus the smell of incense is almost too cloying to tolerate - but once you get past all that this may be my second favorite current record store in Columbus.  New discs run slightly higher than Best Buy and Bargain discs run a bit more than Used Kids, but it is close, convenient, and you don't have to deal with the parking hassel of Campus.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,2/22/2012,93,113,4,3,3>We have been members at the zoo for the last 3 years, and I still believe it's the BEST DEAL in Columbus. $100 for 4 people for a year? We go 15-20 times a year, so it more than pays for itself.The zoo itself is well laid out, there is ample parking and it's easy to get inside quickly. There's a great flow if you want to do the whole zoo, but you can also do some parts and pieces as well and not feel like you're having to walk forever to get to most stuff. The animal habitats are pretty great and you can usually see about 80% of the animals on any given day. (It's better in the mornings in the Summer, before the heat of the day tires them out.) The new polar bear exhibit is awesome, and is usually our first stop of each trip. The monkeys/gorillas are really great and we always enjoy going there - especially when the silverback freaks out and hit the glass. Pure entertainment.We also love the "rides," like the boats and train (when they're running, which they sometimes inexplicably aren't). But we always have a good time and love the fact that they have tons of picnic seating areas and places to rest. The staff is plentiful, smart, and friendly - they are always there to answer questions and teach. There is a reason this zoo is the #1 in the country!Now for the cons, and I know this might seem like a lot for a 4-star rating, but I stick by my 4-stars, because I still think that it's an amazing place.- The interior exhibits are REALLY stinky, like worse than you might think. I mean, I get that animals stink, but come on! They're dark, and space is wasted for silly faux-interactive things (like in the Asia house). - Confusing hours for the food/snack places - unpredictable. And, of course, the food and drink is overpriced.- Even though the zoo is awesomely affordable, the new water park is the most overpriced place ever - I don't think we'll ever be able to afford to go. As far as I can see, it was built for the rich families who live in Dublin as a place to send their kids in the summer.- The conservation-thing gets really old after a while. I am not against it, but after seeing sign after sign of who is extinct and who is not and how awful humans are, you move from feeling bad and wanting to do something about it, to feeling guilty and sort of sick, to feeling blamed, accused and attacked. There is something odd about telling hoards of voyeuristic humans that they need to do more to help save the very creatures that they are enjoying, paying for, and having fun watching. - As I mentioned, the train was "broken" for like 3 months last year, and  having a train-obsessed toddler, it got harder and harder to explain why we couldn't ride the train each time.Regardless of the problems we have noticed, and we've noted so many because we've been there a TON of times, we love it here and will keep going back again and again!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,2/21/2012,370,523,8,8,8>This shop is wonderful! It is a Mecca of baking supplies. The nice old women who run this shop are such a delight. When I walked in they were trying to help a customer over the phone and it was the cutest thing I ever saw. Two old ladies searching for a pig cookie cutter. That's why i went in there. I needed cookie cutters. They have a TON. They have tiny, medium, large, individuals, and sets. They had 6 racks of cutters, some on the walls and a whole row of shelves. It was so cool. The whole rest of the store had great stuff, from all the newest baking trend decorations (edible glitter, shimmer powder, sparkle sugar) to the old stand bys (piping tips of every sort) They had tons of cupcake supplies, candy making molds, packaging. Everything. Prices were reasonable too! Of course, some things, like baking equipment were priced high, other items, like the cookie cutters were priced low comparatively. The shop itself looks cluttered, but, it was actually organized and neat. It just has so much stuff it looks jumbled. These ladies would bend over backwards to help you with anything you need. They also offer cake decorating classes for a reasonable fee of $50 plus the cost of supplies (around $80 of supplies to start). They have a small back room where they do classes. Beginners classes start again in Feb and are popular they said. I think I may join in their next series! Because, lets face it. Anyone whose ever seen my cakes, knows they're ugly! I need help!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2012,2/20/2012,16,48,2,4,3>We snagged one of the fabulous Yelp Deals for this place and figured we'd check it out before we went to witness yet another Blue Jackets loss. So if you're curious about the nightlife here, you probably want to read another review. I'll get the not so great out of the way first.We never ended up using the Yelp deal on the first visit because half of our meal ended up being comped and it wouldn't have been worth it too burn it off on what was left of our bill.Part I: OpportunityOn our first trip to Burgers, Beer & Rock we came in at about 5pm on a weeknight to a mostly empty house. I will say that the place has a nice modern rockstar decor to it, but the first thing you actually noticed was that the music was approaching bleeding ears levels and that is coming from someone who listens to his iPod at full blast most of the time. After being sat we were greeted by our server who appeared to not be having a good day. Everyone else in the place was all smiles and friendly, she on the other hand was pretty much sulking. No biggie, we all have bad days, and she wasn't actually rude to us at all. Ordering was a challenge due to the excessively loud music. My wife (who used to be a server) remarked at how amazing it was that she could hear anything to take people's orders. Well...turns out she couldn't. When she brought our food out to us she had my wife's food right, but my order mixed up (she did bring the right side, more on that in a bit). She was apologetic and said they'd have my order out to me promptly, which they did.The food the first time was a mixed bag. We started with the calamari, which is one of my favorite appetizers, and I made the mistake of just seeing the dish and ordering without reading the description. This was a bad move. They ruin it by pre-tossing it in the same sweet chile sauce that everyone and their brother uses. I have nothing against the sauce (it's tasty!), but it should be on the side so the calamari stays light and crisp. The next uh-oh is also kind of a "shame on me situation" for coming to a place that's name stands for Burgers Beer & Rock and not ordering a Burger. In my quest to eat healthier I went for the Shrimp Kabobs with green beans, while my much wiser wife ordered a burger. Her burger was large, tasty and most importantly cooked the way she had asked. Major points for it being done right because nothing riles me more than places that will ask you for a temperature on your burger and just cook it however they want anyway. Aside from the fact that I was brought the wrong item to start, my food was ok. The shrimp kabobs were excellent, but the green beans were overcooked and soaked in an overly vinegary vinaigrette and nearly inedible.Part II: RedemptionWe came back on another game night some weeks later during the Holidays. This time there was a decent crowd going and right off the bat when we walked in you could tell that the music was turned down a tad. Still nice and loud, but reasonably so.This time we sat at the bar, service was friendly and checked on us often even when it started to get busier closer to game time. As for food, both of us went for burgers this time and we were not disappointed. I opted to indulge and got the garlic parmesan fries, which are paradise soaked in grease and garlic. We had a little hiccup using our Yelp Deal, as they didn't want to honor it via my phone, but with a little prodding they accepted it.Bottom Line: Not an out of this world place that I'm dying to go back to, but if burgers are what we crave for our pre CBJ game meal it's where I'm going to go and I'm going to work out extra hard at the Gym that day to justify the delicious garlic parmesan fries.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,2/19/2012,35,66,3,7,6>Um, Oh dear.  Remind me why it took me so long to get over to this place again?  My friend had a coupon for the Hubbard Grille last week, and I'm pretty sure I could have eaten the whole menu.One of the things I liked about HG was that they were pretty posh and fancy, but they had the enormous Middle-American portion sizes of Outback Steakhouse.  You heard me--fancy food that actually tastes good in enormous quantities.  I ordered cornbread as an appetizer and what came out of the kitchen was the size of a small cake, with a blob of butter flavored with lavender.  (I know that sounds weird, but I swear, it was amazing.)For dinner I had the pulled turkey sandwich, which I am definitely now a fan of, and substituted my fries for asparagus.  Now, when they brought out our food, I was a little bit sad about that choice, because apparently when you get fries, they come in their own miniature deep fry strainer.  Needless to say, I wanted one.This place is pretty pricey, so I doubt I'll be back without a coupon, or unless it's a special occasion, but I'm seriously itching to try some of the other goodies on their menu.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,2/18/2012,160,933,,8,6>L'appat is plain and simple proof.-Proof that you don't need a frufru neighborhood like german village to have an excellent patisserie.-Proof that even a block away from a pawn shop billboard, there's one of the best bakeries in Columbus.-Proof that pistacia vera isn't the only place to get super deluxe good stuff.-Proof that heaven does exist, in old town, for less than $10.The mexican chocolate spice cookie is like horchata in cookie form, one of the most unique and well executed cookies I've ever put to memory. The service is friendly, candid, and confident.Truly a gem of old town, and now my primary reason to visit the area.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,2/17/2012,33,299,1,6,2>I checked out Royal Ginger initially as part of a group of four for lunch during the week.  The server was very nice and attentive, and when she couldn't answer a question, the manager was very pleasant and helpful.  All four of us ordered off of the lunch specials, which we found to be a good deal as you get a choice of soup or salad along with an entree.  There are also sushi deals listed on there, although none of us tried them.  You also get a choice of white or brown rice, and ordering an entree gives you the additional option of what protein you want (chicken, beef, pork, tofu, prawn, or scallops, or the house combo of chicken, pork, and shrimp). We all enjoyed our food.  All four of us sampled the Hot and Sour Soup, which was a great variation.  It had a nice, gentle kick to it, and it was well balanced between the hot and sour aspects.  We all tried something different for entrees, and, again, all enjoyed - these included the Black Bean Royal Ginger with chicken, the String Bean Royal Ginger with beef, the X.O. Sauce Royal Ginger with pork, and the Thai Red Curry with chicken.  The portions were generous - three of us brought home leftovers.I had the Thai Red Curry with chicken, which was served directly in its cooking pot, alongside a serving spoon and plate, so it stayed nice and hot throughout the meal.  It was packed with chicken, tofu, and a variety of vegetables (onions, eggplant, mushrooms, potatoes, asparagus, green beans, etc).  It had a nice kick to it, and with the combo of the spicy heat from the soup and the curry, I was quite pleased with a comfortable burn.  The flavor of the curry was excellent.I recently returned to Royal Ginger for the weekday lunch specials with a friend, and all of my initial impressions rang true again.  I confess that I loved the hot and sour soup and Thai Red Curry combo so much that I got it again - still love it!  I think this is a new favorite lunch spot!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,2/16/2012,1059,2140,1,3,4>On my tour of best bakeries in Columbus I stopped by Capital City Cakes hoping it was not just occasion cakes but also something I could take home right away. The owner was very  nice and had a small assortment of cookies, brownies and cupcakes for great prices! Where else can you get beautiful and very good cupcakes for $1.75? Everything tasted very good and since it is close to home I will be coming back!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,2/15/2012,182,928,2,9,3>I just got back from dinner and WOW, what a great restaurant!!But to start at the beginning...it's located in a small shopping center in old Worthington next to a wine store and Graeter's ice cream.  So you'd have to be looking for it to find it.  When you go in, the first thing that hits you is the fire place they use for pizza's and things similar.  This restaurant used to be owned by an Italian guy and you could never tell whether it would be open or not. For dinner ($25 price fixe) I started off with the oysters.  These were large and juicy and I could have made a meal out of them.  They were delicious!  My next course was a large bowl of clam chowder which was also yummy!  It had a ton of clams in it besides the potatoes and real cream.  My third and final course was shrimp and grits which also had a good portion of (spicy) andoullie sausage in it.  I was full!!  And the meal was well priced at $25 for all of the above.  One of the best restaurant week meals that I've had.And while I forgot to get his name, the service was great!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,2/14/2012,86,139,8,5,3>"Sensational!" he said in his best 4-star voice.Was that Ms./Mrs. Moy who served us? (don't get any ideas about the Ms./Mrs. confusion... c'mon Yelpers, keep your head in the game). If so she was the best darn hostess I could have asked for.We went for the beef of the Mongolian and Orange variety. Both quite good, but the Orange Beef was particularly amazing and I would definitely order that again next time I'm in.No beer/alcohol here and if you're looking to have soda, there may be no free refills as they brought it in a can. Better to keep those undergrads on the straight-and-narrow and not give them too many drugs, no doubt.Also not sure exactly where you're supposed to park, but I ended up in the McDonald's lot. Didn't get towed in the hour I was gone, but it was 6pm on a Sunday. Take that for what it's worth.By the way, I'm noticing that a lot of people mention Buckeye Donuts in their review of Moy's. I'm just sayin', sounds like the people have spoken: Buckeye Donuts and Moy's need to collaborate and create a little Moy's specialty: Peking Duck-nut? Well, maybe we'll work on a combo name a little later...
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2011,2/13/2012,114,521,3,7,5>Having heard so much about Panaderia Guadalupana, I had to go in and try them when I was in the area. The selection of pastries and breads was impressive to the point of being a bit confusing - nothing was labeled, and the only person working was behind the register and nowhere near the pastry cases, so I just had to fall back on the reliable plan of "get some things that look neat."I ended up with a very tasty cream filled bun, a sweetened cheese stuffed roll that looked like a horseshoe, a thin log stuffed with spiced apples and raisins, a raspberry filled pocket, and an identical looking pastry from the same tray that ended up being filled with pineapple. I've seen other reviewers mention that PG also offers savory breads and pastries from the same cases, but everything I bought turned out to be sweet.Pastries seemed to average about $1 - $1.50 each, and you shop by grabbing a cafeteria style tray, loading it from the case with tongs, and taking it to the register, where they'll bag you up if you're ordering to go.I loved the taste of everything I tried (and so did my roommates, when I brought them back my haul to share), and I did see signs that the place is being set up as an excellent "hang out" spot, but adding labels (English or Spanish! Just give me something to work with!) and / or prices to the display cases would instantly bump them from a three star to a four star place in my mind.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,2/12/2012,26,59,5,6,5>I've been thinking about my review of Bob's for a while.  To be honest, I doubt if this is an unbiased review, because Bob's is my favorite bar in the entire world.  But in the interest of trying to be fair, let's get the bad stuff out of the way first.The parking situation sucks.  Bob's is located in a strip mall.  They only have 4-5 spots in their portion of the lot out front, and the other half of the strip mall's lot has lots of signs making it clear that bar patrons shouldn't park there.  Parking on the side street next to the bar is discouraged since the residents need to park there too.  If it's a busy Saturday night, your best bet might be parking at the south end of the Graceland parking lot and walking over.Like all bars, Bob's gets crowded on the weekends.  It's a pretty narrow space, so you can expect some jostling as you're waiting for your beer or heading to the restrooms in the back.  You have to do the whole negotiation with the people playing pool and darts on your restroom journey too.For me, these minor drawbacks are worth it.  I think the only places that rivals the beer selection in town are Bodega and Winking Lizard.  Those are both great establishments, but Bob's is what feels like home to me.  I usually go during happy hour, and I see the same folks there day in and day out.  I feel like I have friends when I go in there, not just with the patrons but with the employees.  Since I'm a happy hour girl, I usually end up hanging out with Flo or Nate.  You could tell them I said hi, but they'd just say "yeah, whatever."  And that's what I love about this place.  They're not trying to kiss your ass, so you know that if they treat you well, they really mean it.  I guess there's something rewarding in knowing that these guys are talking to me because they *like* me, not just  because they're trying to get a bigger tip.  It's also nice that you'll often see the off-duty bartenders hanging out on their days off - another testament that it's actually fun to be there.What else?  Oh yeah - the tour.  Like Winking Lizard and lots of other places, Bob's has a World Tour.  You pay $10 to start it and get a card listing 88 beers.  When you finish that, you get a t-shirt and move on to the second part.  The addendum has 44 more beers.  If you finish that, you get your very own mug.  The mug is awesome.  You can get it engraved with whatever you want (mine says ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED).  It holds 23 ounces of beer, but the cost to fill it is the same as a pint.  This means you're getting 7 free ounces of beer each time.  (Please ignore the fact that it's not REALLY free since I paid for all those beers that I didn't want just to finish the tour.)  The tour is especially great for folks who are just getting into craft beer and want to get a good sampling of different styles.  Since I was already a pro, there weren't a lot of styles on there that I hadn't already tried, but I suppose it got me more well-rounded in my knowledge.Anyway - at the end of the day, I love Bob's. I really really do.  If you want your bartender to be fakely nice to you, if you are incapable of sometimes waiting 5-10 minutes for a beer, or if you're wanting elaborate cocktails, this isn't the bar for you.  But since that's not what I'm after, I kinda want to move in here.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,2/11/2012,25,27,5,5,4>For years I have been loving The Andersons. Though, now I love it even more!Their recent renovations are unbelievable! I have always loved the unique selection of grocery items and now they have even more, the beer and wine department selection (and knowledgeable staff) is unparalleled, the new and much larger lawn and garden department seemingly has anything you could ever want, and you have got to love how how you can eat/sample your way through the store.The only negative aspect of The Andersons is that it is SO busy on the weekends. But it consistently proves to be SO worth any wait, chaos, or near fender-bender in the always packed parking lot.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,2/10/2012,63,87,5,3,3>Mea culpa.  I was wrong.  I take it all back.  I used to say there was no interesting food in Columbus.  After having fish spooge soup at Kihachi and now finding a takoyaki (!!!) stall, I think we've got the bases covered.  I've really gotta give Kenny and Misako snaps for their balls.  (Pun intended).  I wish them well.  I thought they tasted pretty good, but if it's good for takoyaki, I have no idea.  I'll let you know the next time I'm in Osaka.It's a shame they can't stay open later in their current location.  This is great stumbling out of the bar food.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,2/9/2012,124,232,2,5,3>I came here with some friends...hadn't heard about it before. The service was really really good! There was about 6 in my party on a busy Saturday evening....but everything was really good! I had the chile rellenos. You can get one, two or three of the rellenos....and I'm glad I only got two because I was STUFFED! One of my other friends got the chimichanga and it looked divine! I'll try that nex time! The place is really cool and they have a waiting area where you're served chips and salsa while you wait (if there is a wait). I thought that was neat. Will definately be back!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,2/8/2012,18,29,4,4,3>I've loved getting dressed up and going to the Ohio Theatre since I was a little girl. Whether it's a ballet or a musical you're seeing, this is the best place in Columbus to go. The architecture is beautiful and colorful. The ceiling is awe-inspiring and even the underside of the balcony is gorgeous. Sitting on the ground floor, in front of the balcony is amazing; the ceiling is so high.I've seen ballets, Wicked and Les Miserables here and have always been impressed. The 1800's design only enhances the magic of the performances.They also have a nice lounge where you can go stretch your legs during intermission.I'm not sure about the other shows, but before the Nutcracker, the cast hosts a neat little get-together geared towards younger children. I remember going there when I was young, and it was so fun to see the characters so close.I don't think it's fair to point out that there aren't enough restrooms--for the amount of people that run to them during intermission, the long lines are inevitable. You'd need one bathroom for every seat to fix this problem and that just isn't practical. It's packed pretty tight, with little leg room, so get there early if you don't want to climb over people.Great, easy and cheap (often fixed rate) parking under the Capitol building.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,2/7/2012,67,792,10,10,11>Since it was recommended by a friend, I went here without even checking Yelp.  I see now that my experience was shared by everyone else who reviewed it.  It is great!  Nothing big or fancy, just a nice place, great meat, great service.  I got an assortment of stuff for a cookout, and left wishing I could get even more.  Tried burgers (plain and bacon cheddar) and sausage (beef brats, 7-alarm brats, and bandeira- a type of Italian sausage.)  Everything was great.  I mean, really great.    And prices were only slightly higher than grocery store prices, if that.  Quality was way better.  The staff eagerly answered my questions, and wrapped everything up well, with clear labels so I'd know what I was putting on the grill.Between this place for fresh, and Thurn's mainly for smoked, I'm set forever for my carnivorous needs.  They had sandwiches too, and a few odds and ends, but I barely glanced at them...
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,2/6/2012,12,29,6,12,8>Having grown up with half of my mother's home-cooked meals being Vietnamese, I never stop having the hunger for a good bowl of Pho or Bun.  I didn't know how good I had it growing up in Oklahoma City  until I moved to Columbus in 2003 and had trouble finding a good Vietnamese restaurant. In 2005, my prayers were answered when I stumbled upon Phuong Hoang. Considering the fact that they didn't have much competition in the entire city, their quality of food was phenomenal!  I've eaten here about 30 times and I've never been disappointed. The service (usually a smiling young woman) is terrific and the food is consistantly delicious. When they changed owner and name to Hoang in 2008, I was thrilled to find out that the food was still excellent. You can never go wrong with a steaming bowl of Pho and a side of Spring Rolls. Most of the time, I end up with a bowl of Bun (vermicelli) with the works and a side of their crispy chicken wings or Banh Beo (small rice crepes with mung bean and dried shrimp). Occasionally, I have the craving for rice and I order the Com (rice) dish, also with the works. If you're new to Vietnamese cuisine and enjoy Pho, I highly recommend another noodle soup dish call Bun Bo Hue. The soup is similar to Pho, except it's tomato based, has a few different spices and the meat consists mostly of beef tendons. This place does an excellent job on this dish.I hope to be able to enjoy many more meals here.  Tip: If you don't see the exact combination of Bun or Com dish you like on the menu, just ask.  They can make pretty much any combo for you!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,2/5/2012,125,159,,5,3>What  a great resource!!!   One great thing about living in Hilliard is proximity to this park and Prarie Oaks.  First of all, Darby Creek is a national protected river.  Lots of rare species and protected up and down.   I've been to this park a few times and still haven't come close to seeing all of it.  Couple of things to noteDogs - the main Greenway Trail as well as the Wagtag Trail and one other are dog friendly.  Miles and miles of paths you can take your dog on.  Bison!!! They have a small herd of bison here with a nice view area (from afar)  They got them from The Wilds and are just starting to get them used to the habitat.  AWESOME.Ranger and Volunteers - we went on winter hike day so all of them were out, but on a daily basis these are some of the nicest, friendliest folks around.  They will answer any question and give you tips and special insider info if you talk to them.What a beautiful park, can't wait to canoe for free, fish for free and take advantage of other programs this summer!!   Could go on and on - just make sure you use this great park!!!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,2/4/2012,42,144,,7,2>In my family, you are not really considered to be a "significant other" until you have gone through "The Scali's Meal." We eat there almost constantly, for a lot of birthdays, holidays, and general meals. Out-of-towners LOVE the place and often ask to go back! You cannot go wrong with any of the menu options, but I always start with the zuppa--Mama Scali's specialty wedding soup, with filled tortellini and beautiful meatballs. The bread is fresh and crusty, and all the entrees are done to perfection. I've been eating here since I was 8 and have never had a bad meal! They offer a kids' menu and an extensive wine list, as well as excellent desserts and take-out. Make reservations for weekends! And prepare to search for a parking space in the strip mall lot if you have a later reservation. But it's all worth it for the amazing meal that's in store!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,2/3/2012,115,131,2,4,2>Since being introduced to Menchie's in Dublin, I've been wishing there would be something similar close to me.  Little did I know that Orange Leaf had been hiding, practically in my back yard, since May.  On this particular day there were fewer fruit flavors, which was what I had been hoping for when I saw their sign.  I ended up mixing chocolate, cheese cake, and gingerbread; then topped it off with crushed Heath bars, almond slices, caramel, and butterscotch.  Even though I picked out the smallest dish, I filled it up with plenty of frozen yogurt to satisfy my palate.  The whole thing cost me less than $5.  They had somewhere between 8-10 flavors on tap that day.  During a warmer time of year it would be a great place to have some outside seating to enjoy the weather with a friend and a nice bowl of frozen yogurt.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,2/2/2012,172,99,2,7,3>When I don't work for the day, I go out to lunch with my mom.  Last week my mom said that a new hibachi restaurant opened up in Powell, so we tried it out.  We liked it so much that we went back for lunch today.  When you walk in you are greeted by a little animal statue, but don't let that throw you off.  When you open the second door, you are transported from an ordinary strip mall to a trendy Japanese escape.  Now I don't usually comment on the decore, but this is worth mentioning.  This door opens up into a large greeting area and your eyes are drawn directly to the large stone mural depicting Japanese men on horseback hanging above the trendy sushi bar.  The lighting is dim, making the orange back lighting of the sushi bar really jump.  When entering you will also notice the music choice.  You would expect it to be a low Asian hum in the background, but it was a rather loud compilation pop mix.There are several options for seating, the dining room, sushi bar or at a hibachi table.  Of course, we went for the hibachi (but all menus are available where ever you choose to sit).  Hibachi lunch includes meat of choice, salad or soup, bean sprouts, and steamed or fried rice.  The ginger dressing was wonderful.  One of the top dressings at hibachi restaurants around town, but of course, the lettuce is under par consisting of mostly white iceberg.  Usually chicken is pretty dry at hibachi, but here it was wonderfully cooked and juicy.  We loved the fried rice and that it was included and not extra.  And of course I have to mention the sauces.  They have two sauces that they give everyone, a ginger sauce and a creamy "yum yum" sauce.  Both tasted great on everything.  They also have a third creamy white sauce, but I think you have to ask for that one.  I couldn't put my finger on what it tasted like, but it was good too.Overall, it was a great experience both times we went.  We will most likely only go for lunch because of course the dinner prices are much steeper (but do include veggies and shrimp appetizer).  Tanuki is a great addition to the area and hopefully will be there to stay!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,2/1/2012,120,79,7,6,2>Love this park. I come here almost daily in the spring/summertime on my lunch break since I work just across the street.  Tons of hiking trails and different picnic areas.  The "scenic river trail" follows along the Olentangy River. Its so pretty! There is also a couple different play areas for kids.My only gripes are as follows: 1. There is just one paved trail and it's only a 1 mile loop. I love to rollerblade, so this is not nearly long enough for that.2. This is a really popular park, so it can get pretty crowded on nice weather weekends.3. And lastly,  there seems to be an uncomfortable amount of PDA's happening here. It's no longer shocking to me to find two people making out at a picnic table, or laying on top of one another in the grass.   I am not a prude, but i do tend to get a little uptight about his type of thing. Ew.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,1/31/2012,60,266,5,9,10>Move over Dirty Franks, there's a new hot-dog champion in the north western parts of C-bus. I feel like Columbus lacks a great hot-dog place. Yeah, we have places that might serve hot-dogs as a second rate dish, but we are in need of a good place which celebrates GREAT quality hot-dogs and their enthusiasts. I think I may have found that place. Two Mad Dog's is nestled snugly in the middle of a strip mall in Powell at the upper edge of sawmill rd/prkwy. If it were not for their huge "OPEN NOW" sign by the road, I probably would have missed it in the new sea of strip malls that have been popping up all over Powell. The inside is inviting to everyone, and there's plenty of seating, so bring the whole gang to feast on hot-dogs and ice-cream. The menu is enticing, and offers some different and unique combinations. I opted for the simple triple cheese dog and was again, surprised... when I saw how massive the hot-dogs are here. These dogs are not the mamby pamby wieners you would expect from skyline, or other coney establishments, they're HUGE, GINORMOUS, GARGANTUAN... can I elaborate anymore? I sometimes can easily down a foot long at most hot-dog places, but just finishing one normal sized dog here was an absolute challenge in itself. Not to mention, if you get the combo, you get a HUGE heaping pile of fries, which I couldn't even finish. WOO! Let out your belt another notch, because that was downright filling. I get goosebumps thinking about how awesome it was. I didn't even have room for dessert. I can see people bawling about the prices here, but they're reasonable. REALLY, they are... this is coming from a penny pinching, fat girl.. you're paying for a full belly, and Two Mad Dog's full fills their purpose as an eatery. Way to GO! I'll be back... very-very-soon!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,1/30/2012,31,145,4,5,2>Let's see... Beer? Check Liquor? Check Patio? Check Awesome bartenders? Check If it ain't Baroque, don't fix it! Get it? No? You will once you go inside....although it's probably more Gothic than it is baroque... I digress. It's nice and dark the way a bar should be. It's in my 'hood, and it's not full of students or creepy old dudes. My heart will always belong to O'Reilly's, but when a change of scenery is needed without leaving Clintonville, this place will be on the list!Edit: I guess I should clarify and say that this technically isn't Clintonville. By my standards, it is close enough. I apologize if this is offensive to anyone.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,1/29/2012,884,714,5,15,12>This little spot has been on my radar for a while now. After sitting in my bookmarks for several weeks, the lady and I finally made it out tonight. I suppose what initially drew me in was the name...because it's awesome. Then I read about an incredible brunch...then cuban-infused menu items. It just kept getting better. Well, upon arriving, I'll say the space itself is a gem. It's quaint, painted perfectly with wainscoting and very cool art throughout. You enter through the side, into the bar area, which is slightly separated from the main dining area. The chairs are cushy and rounded, perfectly shaped for all us plus-sized americans. The booths sit high, but aren't on a raised platform. No, they actually have a bar that runs along them for a foot rest. The tables in the middle are packed in pretty tight though.Several years ago I had the idea to open a restaurant featuring seitan, tempeh, and TVP items because Columbus eateries offered nothing but tofu. Well, I missed the bus because several places are starting to offer the tastier, meatier meat substitutes. Explorers is one of them. I had a sweet chile and soy tempeh dish with black beans, rice and sriracha slaw. She had the spinach linguine. My dish came out and I instantly thought "that's not much tempeh." There were exactly five pieces measuring between 2-3 inches long, not more than a half inch in diameter. The dish certainly could have benefited from another piece of tempeh. The reason? Because, my, was it good! I still had a mound of beans and rice by the time the tempeh was gone. There really isn't enough to match the rest of the portions. The spinach linguine had not a hint of spinach anywhere in it. We looked for leafy goodness, nothing. "Maybe the noodles are spinach." "Yeah, but wouldn't they be green?" "Good point." Turns out they ran out and failed to mention this to us prior to letting us order it. The waiter apologized and admitted it was only his fourth night. Honestly, I don't think it was his fault. It took two trips to the kitchen to get the full story. Sounds like a breakdown in communication between BoH and FoH to me. She was still pleased with the dish, noting its intense spicy flavor, but a bit dismayed that it would be less healthy. Whatever the case, she saved most of it for later...to save room for dessert. She ordered the pumpkin dessert. I took a few bites. Very reminiscent of pumpkin pie, obviously, but more like a pudding. She was quite pleased with it and took it home for later as well.I would agree with Jackie P that the staff was a bit overly helpful, as in, checked on us too much, and not just our waiter. Also, I rather enjoyed that nearly every dish on the menu is priced identically to other dishes in its category. All sandwiches are $8-8.50, all entrees $10-10.50, all apps $6, so on. This largely removes money as a factor in choosing your meal. A very nice touch.Overall impression: There is some room for improvement. I think the general near-flawless execution in concept, design, menu, location, etc. saved this review from a three-star fate due to the service issues we experienced.  I will be back, you can count on that.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,1/28/2012,159,169,3,3,3>This place is much more than a breakfast cafe...it is a way of life.It feels like every Sunday I wake up and my fiance is beggggging to immediately walk out the door and get to NorthStar Cafe.  The breakfasts begin bright days! Him and I can spend hours there (well sometimes it feels like it takes that long to get a table) but the giant portions (from farm to fresh...and you can TASTE IT!) make it worth it.  Their pork sausage drizzled in syrup is the reason I could never be vegetarian! The breakfast sandwich and burrito are so filling I can't even think of food until dinner.  Plus the unlimited refills of coffee keep a wonderful morning going.After we stuff ourselves full of food it is a great place to hang out and check out the food magazines.   I'd move in if I could! Weekend mornings at northstar are a gem.  Note to anyone who hasn't been: Don't go because I don't want it to be busier -- I shouldn't have told you how great it is!!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,1/27/2012,82,150,,4,2>I just tried something new at Ena's - Sorrel Drink.  My only experience with Sorrel is the lemony tasting spring veggie, but this drink is made with the flowers of a different type of Sorrel that more closely resembles hibiscus.  Anyway, botany aside, this is a really unique treat.  The drink is a deep red wine color, very tart, almost like currant juice, and has a myriad of secret spices, and a healthy dose of spicy ginger.  You can drink it straight, or, as it was so helpfully recommended to me, add a little rum.  Happy Summer!Also to update: the inside of Ena's has gotten a serious makeover.  It was very cute inside, with bright yellow paint and newer looking booths and tables.  I take it back, I would totally eat-in at Ena's now!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,1/26/2012,146,161,,6,7>If you want a california roll, shrimp tempura, or some cook flipping scallops in his chef hat benihana style, then this is not for you. Kihachi offers unique (or to the Japanese patrons, authentic) tapas sized Japanese dishes in a somewhat hidden, nondescript strip mall on the northwest side of town.Wonderful little place with normal table seating, a bar, and tatami mat rooms. I've been here twice and I'd take a tatami rooms anyday because it gives you a chance to relax, sit back, eat and really enjoy the food and company in a private space. Since the dishes are somewhat smaller, we ordered quite a bit. They were all very tasty, and the ones I can recall are the mushrooms stuffed with shrimp, the fried rice ball in broth and the grilled mochi for desert. You need to be adventurous and avoid the traditional stuff, no other restaurant that I know of in Columbus serves what Kihachi serves. And the menu changes, based on what ingredients the chef has purchased. They can make rolls, nigiri, etc. but that's not what has made them famous.Service-wise our waiter was pretty attentive. He was caucasian and spoke Japanese. He helped translate the entire Japanese menu for us (the menu had about 20+ items on it). Now realize that you may not come out of Kihachi stuffed like you would coming out of Hometown Buffet. And Kihachi is definitely pricier then your normal Japanese restaurant. But if you're willing to go beyond the california rolls, then definitely check this place out.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,1/25/2012,1214,553,2,5,5>Poutine! They have poutine!This alone earns Little Palace four stars, but I'll tell you a little more...After an unsuccessful trip to Dirty Frank's, some friends and I decided to try Little Palace instead. And boy am I glad we did! The interior is extremely laid-back, yet very cool. The music was a bit loud for conversation, but that wasn't a big deal. And our server was amazing! She was fast, friendly, efficient, and attentive - but not annoying.We all sampled each other's food, so here's the rundown of everything we got:* House-cured bacon! This stuff is out of this world! * Poutine - If you've never had poutine, then this is a must-try! It's traditionally (from my wanna-be home, Canada) french fries, brown gravy, and melted cheese curds. The Little Palace version used big potato wedges instead of fries, but it was still delish!* Brussels sprouts - These were just okay. They could have been cooked longer and seasoned more.* Mac & Cheese - This was also okay - but nothing too exciting.* Stromboli - I was seriously impressed with this. I kept eating all my friend's leftovers!* Beer/Cider - They have a great selection of beers and even have cider! I enjoyed Little Palace so much that next time I go, it won't be just because Dirty Frank's was too crowded.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,1/24/2012,126,38,6,9,4>M is magical. M is magnificent. M is marvelous.For six years I've lived in Columbus and heard good things about M. I've wanted to try it, but I've stayed away for fear it would be stuffy, stodgy or pretentious. Last night was my first time experiencing M and I'm happy to say my fears were unfounded.We had a Disney calibre experience - and when I say that, I am paying the ultimate compliment. I'm a huge Disney fan. I love the idea of the "happiest place on earth." I love the perfection of Disney - not a petal or leaf out of place, all cast members (aka staff) flawlessly in character, and the seamless illusion that you've entered a perfect, magical world. Yes, Disney is expensive and out of reach for many - and so is M. That just makes me appreciate it even more when I get to go.Last night, we left the earth behind for a while. We were transported to a lovely, otherworldly plane with exquisite food and drink, impeccable service, and where every whim is catered to with swift and joyful precision. Our server, David, was like a brilliant actor playing a role into which he absolutely disappears. He never broke character - he was charming and splendid. He said "we never say no here" and proved it true. No matter what I asked for, he delivered it effortlessly and graciously to us.The food was amazing. We eat rather well in general - I love truly good food - and this did not disappoint. My drinks were ethereally lovely - I had the grape crush (muddled Concord grapes and lime juice, yum) and the black orchid (a light, citrus concoction poured over an orchid suspended in ice). The ice ball orchid became my precioussss for the evening. It was so beautiful and unique - I never wanted to leave it. I nursed that drink until the last second possible. I still miss my little ice ball orchid.In case you haven't gotten the picture yet, I'm a big kid in a grownup body. I would have hated M if it were all pretentious and stuffy. Instead, it was magic. The manager came over at one point because I had been taking delighted images of our drinks and food. He introduced himself, then grinned and said he had tried to get David, our server, to tell me that taking pictures at M is not allowed (David refused). I thought it was funny and was so happy to see that they have a sense of humor about things.I highly recomend the filet mignon, truffled mac and cheese side, black orchid drink and cracker jack dessert (three adorable, mini creme brulees in vanilla, caramel and peanut butter respectively). But you can't go wrong  here - and if you do, just let them know and they will bring you something else. If you don't see something you like on the menu, ask them for something you will like. They won't say no.I wish I could still be sitting at our lovely table at M, people-watching and bubbly with excitement over the incredible food, beautiful drinks and flawless service. But just like Disney, at some point you always have to leave the fantasy and go back home. I'm just glad to know that M exists and that next time we have a special occasion or rare and coveted date night with sitter, we've got a Disney-perfect getaway right here in Columbus.I do still miss my beautiful orchid ice ball, though.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,1/23/2012,43,15,3,4,5>This is my favorite new place! Perfect mix of healthy, fast, fresh, flavorful, and unique! I usually go to Papaya for dinner after going to the gym. The owners are so nice and they do a great job of helping new customers with the menu, as well as answering questions about any of the dishes and providing recommendations. Pretty much everything is homemade with care and creativity. The beef and pork are marinated for days and have tons of flavor. All of the sauces are homemade and delicious, and you are encouraged to taste some of the sauces before deciding what to order.Basically, you choose between getting a bowl (where you choose rice, noodle, or salad, and then meat and sauce) or ordering off the rest of the menu, which has different specialty dishes, sandwiches, kids meals, and appetizers. On my first visit I tried the PORK BOWL with egg noodles, and I tried some of the Garlic Ginger Soy sauce and some of the Jamaican Jerk sauce. The sauces are served on the side, so you get to decide how much sauce to use, and this makes it easy to mix sauces a bit to get the flavor and spice you desire. The bowl was delicious, with fresh and crisp vegetables, plenty of pork, and a big helping of noodles. The food is healthy and the chefs don't use oil, so the noodles and vegetables are steamed to perfection and served without being stir fried. On my second visit, I tried one of the baguette sandwiches, the HAWAIIAN SEOUL, which is a Korean beef sandwich with spicy mayo and kimchee. This was absolutely delicious, just the right amount of spice and the kimchee gave it a really interesting subtly sour flavor. The beef was marinated for days, tender, flavorful, and delicious.They also have delicious tropical drinks, I got the limeade type one, I cant remember what its called but it was great with the food.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,1/22/2012,138,202,5,6,7>I started making a lot of chili this year and it has caused me to be much more interested in the quality and origin of the meat I buy. One day, I was in a major grocery store near me and I decided to chat with my butcher.Me: "What cuts of meat do you use for your ground beef?"Butcher: "Huh? It comes in a tube."End of conversation.I've seen a diagram of beef cattle and nowhere on that thing is there a cut labeled "the tube." Clearly it was time to seek professional help.People of Yelp, thank you for telling me about Rife's Market. The butcher counter is outstanding, it's a shining example of American agricultural awesomeness. You know exactly what you're getting and the quality of the beef is transcendent. They also have slab bacon, fresh sausages, oysters, Amish butter and eggs, hungry yet?Right by the door you will find avocados that are ripe and ready to eat, win. Its a good place to look for fruit and veggies when you're not sure what you want. Lately I've been eyeballing the coleslaw and macaroni salad.It's a charming store with nice people that provide exceptional value for your money.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,1/21/2012,36,115,3,7,3>Big fan of Cameron Mitchell restaurants.  I was just talking about the roasted garlic and baguette that they used to serve at Cameron's the other day.  I *still* miss it.  But I digress.Cap City is one of my standbys for good solid food that will fill you up...and give you your money's worth.The Chopped Salad is fantastic.  So fantastic that I've started to see similar on other restaurants menus!  I don't know what they do to make their dressing (or where they get it from), but it's unlike any other ranch I've ever had.  Full of flavor and not gloppy, more liquidy.The Romano Crusted Chicken is a gut buster, so plan for leftovers!  Three chicken breasts come on this dish, with a side of delicious pasta and a tomato drizzle.However, I saved the best for last.  The Maytag Blue Cheese Chips.  I don't care if you think it sounds weird.  Buy it anyway.  You WILL thank me later.  So unbelievably good, and you can get it for take out!  They box the sauce up separately, so you can assemble a fresh delight when you get home.  *Drool*
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,1/20/2012,156,314,4,4,4>I really need to make it out to more of the Metro Parks, because I'm not quite sure I have anything to really compare Sharon Woods to, which makes reviewing it a tad difficult. This is my kind of park: mostly woods and nature-y shit (aw yeah) to explore, hike, gawk at, etc. There are the usual pavilions for picnicking, some gear for kids to climb on, and such things in that fashion to make it the kind of place you would find a family reunion (and on the date me and the old lady took here, that's exactly what we saw- a family reunion enjoying the facilities). But if you're like us and more interested in the woods, well, this place delivers in spades. I was surprised just how woodsy it was, and some of the views along the way are downright spectacular. We took only one-half of the total loop before sitting in the fields and watching a far-off thunderstorm slowly roll towards the city. Powerful, gorgeous, and completely free- just like me!  We still talk fondly of this day and lament that we have yet to return.The main complaint I have here is with safety regulations, both as a general thing and as a specific annoyance. Not being allowed at all to leave the trails and explore the place is, I guess, understandable, but I fume at such ideas. I wanted to go into the thick of it! I want to kick every stupid do-badder that makes such rules necessary. Eff y'all!I will be back to Sharon Woods when spring arrives, if not sooner- and then, on to the other Metro Parks! Definitely a near-the-city destination for anyone who, like me, loves trees'n'shit.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,1/19/2012,80,104,3,7,7>When my husband and I got our new puppy, we had no idea what veterinarian to take her to. I did a bunch of research on-line and called around to my top choices to get a  better idea on pricing and courtesy of service. I decided to take our puppy to VCA Mill Run, mostly because they offer a free exam on their first visit. I figured if I didn't like them at least I saved some money.I got a good impression of them right away because they were able to squeeze us in with a same-day appointment right before Christmas. Upon entering the facility, our puppy was greeted with warm smiles and plenty of treats. The entire staff was super friendly. In fact, our puppy whimpered when the vet tech left the exam room for a little bit because she liked her so much!Needless to say, we decided to make this our regular vet. We see Dr. Wendy Deal who is fantastic. She is very caring and gentle with our puppy and answers all of our questions as first time pet owners. We've been back several times for various booster shots and have been treated with the same courtesy each time. On another positive note, pricing is pretty reasonable compared to the other area vets I called. If you're looking for a vet, VCA Mill Run is definitely a good choice.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,1/18/2012,134,190,,5,3>When a local band asked me to photograph them in-action at On The Rocks, I was surprised to find out that it was in the plaza right across from where I work. I was also surprised to hear that a few friends of mine had gone there regularly in the past - I hadn't even known it was there.There was a $5 cover at the door which, in my opinion, was certainly worth the atmosphere and entertainment.I showed up about 30 minutes early, so I was able to hear the pre-show music being pumped through the speakers.  Pretty good, eclectic with reasonable volume level.  The sound system is impressive with speakers that ran all the way to the ceiling.I don't drink when I'm on assignment, but I saw a lot of very nice food and beverages going past.  Also, a few people were getting drunk, and a lot seemed pretty happy - so the drinks must have been good.  Looking at the prices on their web-site, I'd say it's not a cheap place, but it's not super expensive either.  They do have a nice selection of food - not just one or two things - and you can plan-ahead with the on-line menu.So, as mentioned, I was there for the entertainment, and to capture it visually: the band and the crowd.This being my first time, I can't speak for any other band or any other night, but I did enjoy the show (a cover band, meaning a lot of songs most people recognize, performed by a different band) and people really enjoyed themselves.  Lots of people dancing on the floor and having a good time.Having been in a lot of live-entertainment-oriented bars, I can say that this place is clean, friendly and casual.  A few well-lit pool tables in the back, a full bar with multiple bartenders to the side, and a lot of tables.  This place was packed, and yet I could still move around, which makes my job easier.During the first set (they played three sets, I stayed for the first two) I forgot my earplugs, which I always bring to shows.  The music was very loud, and not screaming or anything, just huge speakers, crazy amplifiers, turned up very loud.  Off to the side (near the restrooms) was good, but as you started to move closer to the dance floor...let's just say my ears were literally ringing as I frantically dug through the trunk of my car trying to find my earplugs which I, thankfully, had brought.  The second set had me right up next to the speakers, which is fine with plugged ears.  I could actually hear on the way home!So my recommendation?  Maybe perform a sound-check or two to make sure things aren't too crazy loud.  I might just be a little sensitive but, knowing that I was going to be writing this review, I actually asked a few of the people around me, and the consensus was that they were having a great time but the music was exceptionally loud.I wrote another review about a dive bar where the music was loud and distorted.  Don't get me wrong, the sound system at On The Rocks was pretty good.  I'm picky about my sound and there really wasn't any distortion.  This is a sign of good equipment, but they really should check the sound levels near the dance floor.  Whew!The prices are a little bit higher, but it's in Dublin, so that's to be expected.  You are certainly paying for the atmosphere, the quality of food/beverage, and the entertainment.All said, I was there for a few hours and had a good time.  It was also nice to hear that I have friends who have been going to this venue for years, as so many good places fall on hard times and disappear.  I would certainly feel very comfortable coming back some night when not working, and having a few drinks.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,1/17/2012,78,138,,4,3>Love love love.I've been here probably 6 times in the two weeks since I've discovered it.  I'm not sure "Mediterranean Chipotle" is really all that accurate.  They do have a display of their various toppings and dips by the register, and it is quick service, but they have many menu options and food is (mostly) prepared in the back.  Honestly, I don't really care where it's prepared for the most part, because it's *good*.  I'm stuck on the chicken gyro with the spice it up option.  If you like spicy, definitely go for it.  Their house dressing is pretty yummy as well.  I can also speak to their hummus and let you know it's pretty freaking delicious, as well as their felafel (pretty darn good).  They serve gyros and rice bowls with a choice of chicken gyro, gyro, tilapia, or schwarma (turkey based), or felafel as the protein.  You can get various toppings -- tomato, onion, lettuce, banana peppers, olives, feta, etc. on each of those.  Everyone here is super friendly.  Johnny is the owner and pretty much could not be a nicer guy.  I introduced myself as some of the other reviews had said they'd met him, and he's super personable and really cool.  Save room for dessert -- the chocolate balls are to die for.  They're actually better if you let them get back to room temperature a bit first, though, so order one with your meal and eat it afterward.  The baklava is also pretty tasty.This is also a pretty good place to get an order to-go.  It transports well and can be easily packaged.  Give it a shot.  You may find yourself coming back over...and over...and over again.The location is back off the road near Hamilton's Pub in Gahanna off Hamilton Road.  I was concerned this place might be too hidden to get enough business to survive, but luckily it's been busy every time I've been in there.  I love having this option close to home -- I hope it stays busy, and by all accounts it should.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,1/16/2012,92,300,8,3,12>My favorite place for caffeine and a pastryWhether sitting to relax or feeling quite hastyThe chocolate bomb will fulfill your chocolate dreamsIt's soft and rich and reminiscent of chocolate whipped creamsIf something less sweet with more substance you beseechI recommend trying their great mushroom quiche It's tender and filled with cheese and earthy mushroom flavorAnd you'll want to eat it slow so your grateful mouth can savor The dark brown croissants always look hard and dry Over cooked and burnt, not fit for a flyBut one bite is all it takes to be certainThey know exactly what they're doing in that wonderful kitchen They're soft and buttery and melt in your mouthWhich leaves no need to add butter, they do quite fine withoutTheir food is as good as it gets, take my word I imploreBut that's not all that I love, you will find there is moreTheir staff is always happy and helpfulThey enjoy their job and for their positions they are gratefulThis goes a long way for making a great experience And making you happy in every single circumstanceThe decor is also a nice little touchClean lines, exposed brick, lots of windows an suchAnd so to conclude I think I can sayI wish I could come here every single day.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,1/15/2012,19,85,9,8,1>So basically I'm like every other person on the planet that hates the dentist. Especially since my last dentist had all the finesse of a drill sergeant and liked to yell at me while he attacked my teeth with what felt like a small jackhammer.  So I kind of procrastinated on making a dental appointment when I moved to Columbus...for a while. A long while.Until it got to the point where I realized I was going to look like an extra out of Deliverance some day if I didn't get my teeth cleaned. So, reluctantly, I came to High Street Dental- mostly because they were in my insurance plan and near by. I figured it would be miserable.So it wasn't exactly FUN getting my teeth all cleaned and cavities filled but they made it about as painless as they could. They suggested I wear my iPod (genius), chatted with me, asked me repeatedly if I was comfortable. They were gentle, unlike my sadistic ex-dentist. And the chick at the front desk is hella friendly.  So overall it wasn't a half-bad experience.The building itself was pretty tiny, and there were a few "rooms" for patients to get work done in but there aren't legit walls between them. More like little dividers with all these drawers and xray machines and stuff. But you can totally hear what's going on in the next "room". Like the guy next to me talking about dead bodies and how they came to be dead, because apparently he works in a morgue and thinks it's totally normal conversation. So that was cool.  If you need privacy or think you might start screaming or something, this may not be the best office setup for you. But otherwise, it's fine.Plus they sent me a cute birthday card. I mean, that isn't a deciding factor but it's nice, right?I will definitely going back to High Street Dental. I might even suggest they adopt a new slogan: "High Street Dental: Making Dental Work Suck Somewhat Less Than Usual".  Catchy, right?
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,1/14/2012,42,175,2,4,3>I found my hair stylist soul mate at Studio Posh.  I wasn't even looking for her!  It was a little bit like fate.  But I'm getting ahead of myself.I decided that morning I wanted to cut off all my hair and when you make those decisions, you have to act quickly before you change your mind.  I got right in.  Then I was running late.  I called to tell them and see if I could come 15 minutes later and they were super cool about it.  They even thanked me for calling, which makes me more willing to give a heads-up call again than if someone sighed loudly in my ear and told me they'd try to make it work but no promises or something like that.Tatiana (and my name is Christiana!  SYNERGY!!!)  was super helpful, took her time, and really made sure that I was ok with what she was doing every step of the way.  I like to do weirder edgier stuff with my hair, but still not get fired from work, and she gave me a great style for that.  And she's good with the high pigment hair color too.  Since I have pink and brown hair, I really appreciated being able to brainstorm with her about cool ways that I could continue doing that with a different hair style.  It was 30 clams for a wash/cut/style situation, which is about what I'm willing to pay.  More awesomeness was that they didn't try to pressure me about the tipping (I do it anyway, but I just don't want you to be all snippy to me about it).  Studio Posh also does free bang trims.  If you have bangs, you know how awesome this is.  I feel like some places try to charge me, like, $7 just to cut a quarter inch off.  No thanks.And! Studio Posh has a display so you can get an SBB card there and remind you that they are on SBB.  Yesss!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,1/13/2012,61,59,5,6,3>A tense ball of nervous anxiety is me on any given day. Overstressed, over-scheduled, over-processed and overdone. Well, I'm temporarily over it after a visit to the fabulous Nurtur salon. This was my first visit to Nurtur and it was everything I expected and more. The staff is professional and accommodating, everyone from the front desk to my stylist. I was greeted promptly and offered something to drink, within minutes my stylist, Mariel, came out to get me. She asked me quite a few questions about what I wanted to get out of my visit and what concerns I had about my hair. We established a disaster relief plan for my hair then went back to the shampoo area. Soothing music and the best dang head n shoulders massage I've ever had at a salon had me just shy of drooling, a relaxing shampoo, deep conditioning treatment with a hot towel around my head and a FABULOUS mini facial had me gibbering incoherently. While my stylist went to check color for a client, her coach came over and did a hand n arm massage from heaven. So, back at her chair she gives my stressed tresses some love and my hair looks great! We then go over a game plan for my color. I'm very blond and I was thinking of going a bit darker. She recommended several avenues and when we were done I was happy with the idea she had and will go back to have it done. I will stay very blond only she will warm it up a bit. Sounds good. I picked up some of the mineral powder makeup that I swear by and checked out. I left a very happy and satisfied camper. The level of professionalism and creativity, along with product knowledge is par here. One more thing, I had a wonderful conversation with both the stylist n her coach, we talked everything from physics to astrology to religion n politics. Wow, those are tough subjects even among friends, but talk we did, and it was interesting to hear different opinions. No one was putting on airs either, I felt right at home here.All in all on a scale of 1 to 10, I would rate my experience here a 12! This salon rawks!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,1/12/2012,67,288,4,8,4>Fantastic happy hour!Came away with a white citrus sangria, the zucchini appetizer, the meatball sliders, a sausage and pepperoni pizza, and two waters for 17 dollars!  We were both completely stuffed and the food was exceptionally good.The sangria came in a carafe that ended up filling my glass three times.  The oranges in the bottom made it taste like a mix between a normal sangria and a mimosa, which was a nice twist from what I was expecting.The zucchini appetizer consisted of ultra-thin slices of zucchini, fried like chips and tossed with Parmesan cheese.  The results were very light and a perfect side to  the meatball sliders.  I can honestly say that those things rival the best meatball sub I've ever had in my life.My husband's pizza was a bit more than one person should eat alone, but that didn't stop him!  I tasted half a piece and the sausage seemed to have a light kick while the sauce tasted pretty much exactly like the sauce on my meatball sliders which was very, very good.If you're going to visit Marcella's it'd definitely be worth the hustle  to get there before 7!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,1/11/2012,52,145,,5,5>As a person  who has tried pretty much every workout scenario out there, I can honestly say this has been the most fun workout I have tried yet. It's not just a boxing gym, but it's a circuit training gym. I love that rather than a big gym where I walk around trying to figure out what piece of equipment to do next, this is a place that offers something to do at all times in a fast pace too. I don't feel like I'm working out, but I honestly have not sweated more in my life!  At first I felt weird as a girl going in there, because it's a boxing gym but there are other girls in there too, training, working out, sparring, etc. It's motivational to just walk in there, let alone walk out after working out for two hours drenched in sweat. You will feel a difference after the first workout.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,1/10/2012,50,22,3,7,5>Where do I start with this place? Well, first off, I'm in love!Please don't be deterred by the fact that this restaurant is located in a strip mall. This is probably one of the only places where "false advertising" comes to mind at first sight, but in a good way? All the substance is on the inside, and substance is what you'll find!You'll notice the atmosphere first thing... It's beautiful. They've created an environment that makes any dinner feel like a DATE. And a comfy one, at that. Wine me, dine me. Better yet, order onikoroshi (sake) and watch them pour it for you into little square, wooden boxes to sip from. It's intoxicating.I've never experienced a more professional, welcoming staff, or Americanized sushi so DELICIOUS. Seriously. Their rolls are decadent and mouth-watering. I also recall enjoying the scallops - they have a pretty well-rounded menu.All that said, the cost is actually on par with what you're used to paying at a sushi restaurant and not at all overpriced. Pardoning the drive, I gladly take my money here.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/2/2011,1/9/2012,72,39,4,4,4>New York Pizza Department: Cute name, convenient locale... potentially fatal over-confidence. Which is too bad, cause it's damn good pizza.This combination pizza parlor/cafe is a pretty hot topic at my house, my husband and the rest of The Newport staff are fanatics. To say the pie is popular doesn't cover it, picture grown men grinning about a "pizza party". My first (and second, and third) tastings were workplace left-overs, and just as delicious as cold 'za can be.The signature New York style slices are floppy, foldable triangles of cheesy triumph. Thin crust that's simultaneously crisp and chewy, rich toppings like ricotta cheese and sun-dried tomatoes, and each bite you take risks a grease spill. Perfection. Their Chicago style leaves more to be desired, the slices I purchased were baked too long and pretty blackened, but the crusty handle was stuffed with melty cheese and the "Meat Lovers" lives up to its name. Honestly, all the flavors I've tried were first-rate.But don't even glance at the rest of the menu, they're ONLY serving pizza. I had my heart set on a salad with my slice - no dice. The expansive list of items promises hot and cold sub sandwiches, appetizers, pastas, salads, AND desserts, none of which were available. They aren't even serving coffee, though the website claims a full espresso bar from the hours of 11am-10pm. It's an ambitious under-taking, and I'm skeptical of their ability to deliver on this grand scheme. I mean, these people don't even leave out crushed Red Pepper shakers for fear of student thieves, how can they afford to stock that kitchen?If you crave a taste of New York, this place delivers. Just don't expect to eat what's on the menu.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,1/8/2012,57,115,3,3,3>Due Amici is a fantastic medium sized bar/restaurant located downtown off of E. Gay Street next to Tip Top. The place just screams romance and intimacy yet has a great trendy vibe to the whole thing as well...especially during happy hour. From the outside looking in, all I have to say is don't judge a book by its cover. I always, for whatever reason, had this impression the place was "too upscale" to fit in with my normal jeans and a t-shirt scenario however, I was completely wrong.Despite never being in there before and no one knowing my face, I was greeted by the host with a smile and took a seat up at the bar. To my surprise after looking around, much of the clientele looked like people who worked downtown just wanting to have a decent looking place to grab a brew after work. The crowd was pretty mixed between the business folk, casual couples engaging in an intimate dinner and a few "kids" like me chillin' with a drink.The bartender was kind and we threw a few jokes back and forth while she was pouring my drink. That time I couldn't stay very long but was there to just have a cocktail or two, check out the space for my upcoming event and head home. I had a organized a private breast cancer silent auction event with Due Amici (on 5/6/11) recently and as far as event organizing with them goes - I give Lexie Gantzer, their event organizer, a 12 out of 10 stars for her above and beyond communication and service.She was prompt with email replies, servers on hand were great/neat in appearance/friendly and had everything set up as we had requested/discussed. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect or easier time of setting this up!During the auction, I happened to bid enough on the gift card that Due Amici donated so I will definitely be returning to test out the food and will write an update when the time comes. A few people had their food and all I heard was nothing but great compliments...so that sounds promising to me! Definitely recommended.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,1/7/2012,57,205,1,6,4>I love to go here and run or walk around. It's a perfect running trail, paved for miles, and you can run south to whetstone park or north to closer parks 3-4 miles up. Altogether I think it's like 13 miles if you run straight down towards downtown. I could never run that far, but it's cool that it's there for people training for half marathons, etc. There's also a ~1 mile path that goes around the little lake and I always see a lot of people walking their dogs on this path. At the entrance there is a little deck that goes out over the water with benches, so you can sit and just watch dogs/ponder life if you want a rest after running or whatever.I also noticed LIT tennis courts while driving in around 8:45 pm the other day for a dusky run. I was impressed to see the courts had lights and might give it a try if I ever want to hit late at night and don't feel like driving to the rpac courts near campus.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,1/6/2012,121,124,,7,3>I tried Capstone Dental on a whim because I was just over the six month mark for my dental check-up, and I figured it was about time that I settled into my life here in Columbus and picked some doctors. Capstone Dental is conveniently located at the corner of Broad and High (right near the former Dunkin' Donuts, soon-to-be Tim Horton's). They're open from 7 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., so it's super easy to squeeze a quick cleaning in before work or on your lunch hour.The practice is small, but very modern. Dr. Piper--who I saw--and Dr. Snipes are both young, but they're both smart and engaging. Their offices are decked out with technologies that will make you feel really comfortable about what you're settling into. I spent a lot of time with Bree, the dental hygienist, between my check-up and subsequent cavity filling, who is super nice and helpful.Let's get down to what you really want to know--is it clean? Is it safe? Did I feel comfortable? Totally. I would highly recommend trying Capstone Dental. They have some offers for new patients, like free professional whitening services with a new appointment, etc. My first appointment, where I had to fill out all of my paperwork and get x-rays, took just about an hour, while my cavity fillings had me in and out within 45 minutes.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,1/5/2012,59,193,2,2,2>something I've been looking for in the 'bus is a coffee shop type environment that also serves delicious sandwiches. (Yes, I know there's Cafe Brioso, but their hours suck). Chocolate Cafe fits the bill, mostly. I wish they had couches or more comfortable seating for those times I want to sit around reading, but I'll certainly be back for some pre-finals studying.Anyway, I went here for a meetup. I walked in and was a little nervous since it's not a very cozy environment (like I said, no comfy chairs) and the lights are pretty bright. However, their hot chocolate is to die for. It's not obscenely rich (I'm thinking Burdick's in Cambridge MA), but it tastes like chocolate. The dark chocolate version is actually dark chocolate, not like your standard Swiss Miss packet which tastes like evaporated milk.I also ordered a sandwich - the Reuben. I didn't expect something amazing, because it's not a deli. But again, I was misled - the Reuben was fantastic! The meat was fresh-tasting and hot, and the sauerkraut generous and sour, and the dressing didn't taste nasty and bottled. I'm a little confused because chocolate and reuben don't go together, but honestly, I don't care. It's all delicious.I can't wait to come back and try their coffee, but I might just always get their hot chocolate. Mmm! Gotta try their candy too.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,1/4/2012,94,224,5,6,5>You know... for as much Asian food as I eat and review, you'd think I was from there... Nope, just someone who knows what he likes; and I must say... I SURE DO LIKE THIS PLACE!!! I had it bookmarked ever since the first time I walked by, just took me a while to actually get there; now I wish I had tried it much sooner!! Started with the fresh summer rolls and all I can say is WOW, what a first act to follow.  They were very different from others that I had tried at other places... and ohhhhhh soooooo goooood!!!  I really made me excited to get my entree in front of me... When my Shrimp Curry arrived... all I cold say again was WOW!! (yes, I know.... I have a limited supply of adjectives.. LOL).  It was sooooo good!! Numerous amounts of large shrimp!!  I really do mean numerous!!Not only was the food most pleasing, but so was the service.... a perfect combination, hence the 5 stars!! (and you know I don't hand out too many 5 stars).All I can say, if you enjoy good Thai, you gotta try this place!!  you too will be a huge fan!!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,1/3/2012,45,139,3,3,4>Let me start by saying that this gets 5 stars because it truly is "As good as it gets" on the Columbus Chinese Buffet circuit. Trust me, a good Chinese buffet was one of the first things I started to look for when I got to Columbus; 6 years later and this is what I have found. Is the food as good as some of the other Chinese places in C-bus? No, but it is a buffet, what do you expect? As far as buffets go this place has it right, lots of options, good rice, bananas with strawberry sauce. The dishes with fried chicken are actually more chicken than breading (not a normal attribute) and the sauces all taste roughly like they should. They have food for those kids who shouldn't be eating at a Chinese buffet, aka fries and pizza. But they also have food for the enthusiasts, aka decent kim chee. If you want 5 star food, go to Moy's or one of the other really good Chinese places in town, but if you want a plate of crab rangoons to start your gorging, then you can't go wrong with this 5 star buffet.My GoTo Chinese Buffet
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,1/1/2012,22,29,2,6,4>Went here on two occasion in search for my perfect bike-mate. The honest truth is that you do need patience when you're at Baer because it's a small shop with only less than a handful of employees. It's not swarming with employees like other corporate counterparts. So, on a busy day, it might take a while to receive service. However, in my experience, when I did receive help, I found the employees to be very helpful and knowledgeable. Clancy helped me during second visit here.  He was super nice and extremely patient with my incessant questions and need to try every bike there (Yup, I will be the first to admit that I am very indecisive). I'm pretty sure I was in the bike shop for close to 2 hours. I greatly appreciate the fact that I was never pressured to purchase anything.  In the end, it was not a wasted visit as I did exit this shop a happy camper: arm-in-arm with my perfect bike! :)
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,12/31/2011,15,42,4,5,4>This place is the bee's knees. I've probably had 20 different items from their amazingly extensive menu, and all of them have been "very good" to "incredible" on my scale of arbitrarily assigning adjectives to things.Fortune really stands out from the competition in two arenas: price, and complexity of flavor. Price-wise, nothing on the menu exceeds $15, with most items coming in far below that point. Seriously, you can get a half of a tea-smoked duck for $12, which is an unbelievable deal. It gets even better at lunch, when you can get an entree, egg-roll, and a bowl of the best hot and sour soup I've ever had for under $6. The lunch entree selection even includes non-Americanized options like Twice-Cooked Pork, so you're not relegated to the usual General Tso's/Sweet and Sour Whatever monotony of most Chinese lunching in this city.The flavor complexity of all of Fortune's dishes is also quite remarkable. Many of their best dishes seem to have a flavor profile that actually evolves in your mouth as you eat it in a way that is difficult for me to put into words. They also don't dumb down their spicing or ingredient choices for the American pallete, either. Your mouth WILL be numb after finishing a bowl of Dan Dan noodles, and if you order your Twice-Cooked Pork Chinese-style (they will usually ask you) it comes made with melt-in-your-mouth slices of pork belly.Service is gracious and attentive, the tea is oolong with jasmine in it, and dinner portions are always two meals worth.I might have a crush on this restaurant, even though I don't think that is a thing that is possible.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,12/30/2011,53,580,2,4,3>I saw the description of a a Turkish Chipotle and thought I had to try it.  the format and concept remind of Chipotle with the options for Lavash (wrapped in tortilla) or a bowl.  The bowl is very large but I chose to try the Lavash since I am about to cut off my Carbs next week.  I might as well as enjoy them this weekend.     I ordered a Homemade Gyro ($6) Lavash.  You have the option for Chicken, Falafel, Lamb, and Steak.  Then the toppings:Cucumber, Tomatoes, onions, rice, tabouleh, lettuce, feta, olives, tzatziki sauce, garlic sauce, and a few others I am forgetting because i didn't choose them.  Then you can for another dollar put Hummus or Baba Ghounush.  I chose to go without hummus but I know I will have to try them someday.  I wasn't sure about tabouleh on my Lavash, but it was good.  I asked the owner and he suggested I go with it.     They also are super nice allowing me to taste the Lentil soup.  The Lentil soup is boiled down lentils more like a Dal then a Lentil soup from Aladdin's.  I liked the flavor and for $2 think it is worth it.  Everything is freshly made which is nice to know.  They use fresh ingredients, nice service in a clean environment.  The sitting area is pretty small but has enough room.  They also have Baklava which looked pretty good.  Sorry I didn't have stomach room for the taste test.   I will try to go back.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,12/29/2011,156,68,8,16,6>I've been wholely underwhelmed by the quality of ramen in Columbus. Sushi Bistro Masa? Decent. Ba Sho? Meh. Otani? Oy vey. Sadly the best I've had in Columbus was at Honda R&D's cafeteria. I had all but given up hope. Then the other day my group leader at Honda, whose wife is Japanese, mentioned their recent trip to Aloha. His wife indicated this was the best alternative she'd found to visiting Chicago for quality ramen. Great ramen at a Hawaiian place? Hontou? (a Japanese expression for surprised disbelief, paralleled by the Engrish form, "Rearry?")Aloha offers four options -- miso, shoyu (soy sauce), tonkotsu (pork bone), and shio (salt) ramen, all at a reasonable $6.50 a bowl, along with the requisite Hawaiian barbecue and a hodgepodge of other Asian menu items. Seven hours after hearing this tidbit, and after wildly salivating all afternoon (and turning down a recommended rabies shot), I arrived at Aloha with a friend to see how good this ramen really was.At first I wondered if I had been duped. Aloha's facade made me consider whether the Asian Bistro aspect was an afterthought, with the "Aloha Hawaiian BBQ" signage in a bold red font and the "Asian Bistro" on a completely separate sign tacked below the rest of the name. Aloha, sucker! The menu actually divides itself into Asian and Hawaiian sections, and it turns out that half of the latter may as well be shoved back into the Asian section where the dishes rightly belong. Sorry kids, katsu is Japanese, and kalbi is Korean, but both show up in the Hawaiian section. One of the only dishes of truly Hawaiian origin is the loco moco. No matter -- if it's good, who cares where the eff it came from.The restaurant's interior is a low-maintenance, order-at-the-counter setup, and you bus your own dishes. I went for the shoyu ramen and an order of spam musubi, the truest form of nigiri/sushi bastardization in the industrialized world and a staple of Hawaiian food culture. (If anyone questions your sanity, you can just tell them President Obama is a fan, which may or may not help your case.) My friend ordered the tonkotsu ramen and a second round of musubi.The shoyu ramen is presented in the traditional Japanese style, with a slice of pork, a couple fish cakes, half a boiled egg, seaweed, and green onion on top. The tonkotsu is similarly adorned. You know what? Shit's good. Surprisingly good for the price. The broth doesn't lack for flavor, and the noodles are somewhat soft but not soggy (I'm looking at you, Otani). Perhaps the only negative was the level of fat versus meat on the pork, and that there is only one slice of it. A to-go order of the Aloha BBQ mix, which includes chicken, beef and kalbi, featured tender, flavorful meat with rice and an inoffensive but uninteresting lump of macaroni salad. The chicken is the best of the lot, but each has its merits.The musubi were also spot on. Spam spam rice nori teriyaki and SPAM. Three dollars gets you two hearty sized musubi, with just right level of appropriately sweet teriyaki sauce set between the warm spam and rice. One order of this and your choice of salad or other appetizer would make for a filling meal.I'm not going to run out into the streets and praise this as the best ramen in Columbus. I'll have to put in a few more visits and see if I develop an unhealthy obsession before I'd be willing to proclaim it the best. But it's good stuff, and a great value.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,12/28/2011,107,100,11,11,11>Skeeball?!?!?!?I wish that was enough to win you all over to stop in here, but I know you will probably need some more information. This is a little hole in the wall bar that is tucked away in a plaza on Bethel Rd. It has everything you pub crawlers want to finally make a final resting place. They have an outdoor patio, this is covered when rain or nasty Ohio weather gods want you to stay inside. But when you walk in, you get a whole new experience. There are usually one or two bartenders, depending on the day of the week, but no worries my friends this is enough since there are maybe at maximum 20 people here! They have bar seating and also booth tables right beside the bar. Then  take a few more steps to reach what I call the Troll VIP. Yes, they have a VIP section if you would consider a raised platform, with some sort of light up dolphin on the floor and a jukebox beckoning to you in the corner. Yeah, I know I thought the whole dolphin floor poster could get past you.... I can't explain that, sorry. A few more steps (literally, this place is small, or as I like to say "quaint") and you have reached where I am usually stationed. There is a pool table, a golden tee, a dartboard, and a ..... SKEEBALL MACHINE! I mean how many bars have skeeball, unless you count Chuckee Cheeses?! Wait... that is not a bar? hmm interesting. Well, Grumpy Troll is where everyone should at least stop in for a beer, a lindsey lohan shot, or perhaps a White Russian (yes, these are amazing there!)
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,12/27/2011,56,78,,4,3>There are 3 things Camelot Cellars is good for: 1. drinking wine, 2. buying wine, and 3. making wine. This combination is what makes Camelot Cellars stand out from other wine shops in Columbus.1. Drinking wine. Camelot Cellars is a nice, bright open space in the Short North. Entering, you will find a large bar on the left. This is where the casual wino can come by and enjoy some of the locally-made wines Camelot Cellars offers. Since all are made on location, it gives your experience a more raw feeling that you can't get at any of the other average bars sprinkled down High Street. Come in and sip any of their red or white wines at prices that range from reasonable to expensive! There are lots of unique wines, inlcuding the blueberry pinot noir that I tried. Unfortunately, this wine is only 7% alcohol which is due to the fact that they add blueberry juice to already fermented wine. Be sure to ask the bartender beforehand if any of the wines are made this way. Usually there is a reason those wines are so cheap, and I recommend staying away from those ones.2. Buying wine. Wines are racked throughout Camelot Cellars waiting for purchase to take home for yourself or as a gift. Many of these wines are label-less...and this is where the fun begins! You can take any bottle of wine in the store and create your own label! This is done in a number of ways: you head up to the front counter and pick from a selection of templates, or you choose a photo from your phone or computer and email it to Camelot Cellars (ask the front desk for the email) and they will configure the photo and transform it into a label. This is going to be my new go-to for gifts for family and friends.3. Making wine. If you are really ambitious (and have an extra $200-$400 on hand) then you can make your own wine. It is a shame that you can't just make a couple of bottles (thus making it cheaper than what I mentioned) but it is a great concept for perhaps a wedding or as really special gifts. You have to apparently call ahead to make a 2 hour appointment where you taste grapes and such and then do the picking of what grapes, etc. you want to make your wine out of. And then there are more appointments made from there. It's a process  that can take 2-3 months, but I imagine worth the time and money. Again, my only wish is that you didn't have to buy an entire case of 30 bottles when doing this, but I can understand why.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,12/26/2011,129,540,5,6,3>To the boy's relief, I decided that we should try Lac Viet for my birthday dinner (what can I say, I'm a cheap date).  It was a Sunday night and the place was pretty quiet, apart from some classical music and the owner going over plans to install security with his contractor.  I ordered the pho and the boy had the french dip chicken sandwich.  The menu is small, with only a handful of choices, but they all sounded really good.  The waitress, who looked like she was in high school, was polite if a little shy.  The boy really liked the sandwich, so much that I didn't get a chance to even try it.  The pho was excellent.  It's not a huge bowl, which others have mentioned, but it is definitely enough to fill you up.  The broth is very dark and rich, and there is no MSG in it.  This may be why some of the reviewers did not like it -- MSG adds a punch to pho broth which many people associate with "good broth."  And since they do not use MSG in the broth, it may seem lacking in flavor at first.  However, the richness and depth of the broth more than makes up for the absence of MSG -- plus, no crazy headache afterward!  Our total bill was less than $15, and we left pleasantly full.Now, about the owner.  Since it was pretty slow, he came by our table three times.  Once to greet us, once when the food arrived and he was explaining why the pho broth looks different than conventional pho, and once when we were finished, to follow up and see how everything was, as well as asking where we were from and so on.  While he was very friendly and enthusiastic about his food and the business, I'd say that was about 1.5 too many times to come by.  Still, we'll probably be back since the food was good and the price was right.  Plus, I'd rather have the owner be a little too friendly than the opposite.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,12/25/2011,117,189,3,2,1>Holy froyo, batman. I cannot get over the cute tiny chairs and tables that align the front window!Coming in lieu of the holiday season, guess what was available? Gingerbread! Although it lacked a little flavor, it was still delicious when paired with the Coffee & Vanilla. My own personal froyo Gingerbread Latte. ;P Complete with wafflecone crunchies and other unhealthy toppings, I was in froyo heaven. But then again, everytime I go to a froyo place I'm in heaven.The one downside? No cheesecake bites. However, the employee said it's because they melt too fast, booo! Be sure to get their rewards card, a point for every dollar, and after 10 points, you get $1 added to it! Score!Also, don't make the same mistake I did, they have TWO sizes of cups. Let's not go into sugar shock by thinking you have to fill up the larger one to satisfy that sweet tooth. Your tummy will be hating you.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,12/24/2011,18,52,2,2,2>Ooo Commonwealth, I do love you!  As my brother so succinctly put it, "It all tastes so fresh!"  The Sweet and Savory has been a hands down favorite amongst my dining companions.  Yummy pork belly, chicken, caramel fig compote, and Swiss cheese?!?! How can that be wrong?  The ingredients are all very high quality, the staff is friendly, the sodas are deeeelish (real sugar sodas?  Oh yeah!), and the decor is maybe my favorite in all of my Columbus haunts.  One rainy night my brother and I stopped by right before a huge storm rolled through.  The people working engaged us in conversation (we were the only people there) and gave us weather updates.  We were able to make it home before the storm beat us too bad, thanks in part to these guys!  Be aware the shop is small (only seating 6, I think), so large groups are just not gonna cut it.  That's alright though!  Grab it to go, and take it to the Oval or Goodale!  The only thing I wish were slightly different would be a whole grain bread option.  I like to pretend the sandwich is sorta healthy, ya know?
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,12/23/2011,82,24,,6,5>We were really excited to try Harvest and we weren't disappointed. We stopped by on opening night, which is typically rough for a new restaurant, but it felt like Harvest had already been open for years. The service was excellent, as was the food.The pizzas are Neapolitan-style with a really fragrant crust, cooked in a stone oven. The toppings are high quality and judiciously applied.We sampled 4 different pies with the standout being the sausage and fennel, but all of them were delicious. They have about ten signature pizzas, but you can custom order as well.They also have some great small plates including wild Galician sardines, foie gras, and warm Ricotta with lavender honey.Another nice addition is a solid cocktail menu. I tried their Manhattan and their Old Fashioned. The drinks aren't cheap at $9, but they're using quality stuff. The Manhattan was made with Woodford Reserve (a great small batch bourbon) and Carpano Antica for the sweet vermouth. It also contained whiskey barrel aged bitters. Very nice.They also have a very nice selection of Italian wines as well as local beer on tap (a custom brew from Elevator called, appropriately enough, Harvest).Throw in a beautiful patio, a farm-to-table approach, great music, and an open kitchen where you can see everything being made from scratch, and you've got yourself a real winner.It's so nice to see someone open a place like this in Columbus that really knows what they're doing, as well as being committed to quality, local food that isn't lowest common denominator.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,12/22/2011,175,131,4,3,6>I often feel conflicted about the bar scene in Columbus. On one hand, there is the Arena district. Everyone who knows me, knows that I LOATHE the Arena district. I go anyway because friends drag me there. But it is probably the douchey-est place on earth. Bars in Short North and Grandview are fun and the crowd is a little older (read: not college students) but they can lack the energy and excitement of Arena district bars. Bernards has the energy of the Arena district but still falls into the 'older than college students' age group. The beer list is truly impressive and the food is pretty delicious. They even sell Luna burgers topped with goat cheese (yummmmmm). It's also in an opportune location because it's right at the edge of short north - so patrons can bar hop to either the short north or arena district with ease. Finally, they have a skee ball table. Is there anything else to say? :)
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,12/21/2011,12,99,3,2,5>I pretty much wanted to buy EVERYTHING I saw in here. I ended up settling for a pack of incense and some sushi-shaped erasers(yes you read that correctly). I saw more Hello Kitty stuff than I even knew existed. One of the more unique places I've seen lately. It was a fun time spent browsing, and a fun $8 spent.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,12/20/2011,66,98,2,12,4>I've been on a froyo bender. Seriously, three trips in a 20 hour period. I'm having a hard time concentrating on anything besides soft swirls of tangy yogurt with just enough feathery ice crystals to melt between my palate and my tongue.And Matcha is probably my favorite. The tart yogurt tastes the most "natural." As in, it tastes like yogurt. See my review for Yagoot for a comparison. The pineapple doesn't taste like it's been injected with "natural flavors" or an abundance of sweeteners. The green tea tastes like matcha AND yogurt. The machines may not be the newest, the decor may not be the hippest, but the froyo is seriously the best in town.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,12/19/2011,68,90,,6,2>Being from NY originally any time I can get my hands on a thin crust I MUST TRY IT...so I heard about Rubino's and figured I would give it a try.They have a very basic and simple menu, which for someone like myself who cant make decissions easily is the best!I decided on the small combo with mushrooms, added some hot peppers for a bit of a kick. When I walked in to pick up my order you really get that feeling of a small town pizza joint. What really kicked that feeling into full gear was sitting down at a table and talking to an elderly lady who mentioned how her and her husband had gone there on one of their first dates about 30 years back. She said not much has changed, and thats one of the biggest reasons she comes back.They do not accept plastic here, but thats A-OK with me...i figure it helps keep prices low and $10 for a large pep and cheese or $9 for my small combo pizza you really cant beat that. The small was large enough for one person...I would say that the large would be kosher for about 2 people.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,12/18/2011,181,124,1,5,3>At first glance, Darza appears to be your run-of-the-mill deli, offering a plentiful variety of sandwich and wrap selections in addition to soups, salads, cookies and chips. However, it is really an Arena District hidden gem.I ordered a #22 which essentially is a spinach wrap with chicken, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, feta, black olives, banana peppers and some sort of magical dressing. The wrap was approximately one foot long and came out to me warmed up, packed with super fresh veggies and begging to be devoured immediately. It's a good thing I waited until I was back to my office to eat it... because I basically made out with this wrap. In an aggressive fashion. My only complaint? I would have loved it if they cut the wrap in half. It was somewhat difficult to man-handle a foot-long wrap amidst my eager bites.Can't wait to return and try more of their 47 (estimate) sandwich and wrap options!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,12/17/2011,18,20,5,12,7>Drelyse was my first taste of West African cuisine and it was simply amazing.  I discovered this place via Yelp and, once again, Yelp did not let me down!  Pronounced Dreh-Leez, it's a little restaurant in the center of Tamarack Circle in North Columbus.  The owners used to run a restaurant in Ghana, so the authenticity is unquestionable.The dining room had six 4-person tables, not huge, but it didn't need to be.  The interior was very Mom-and-Pop, nice but not fancy.  We arrived and started looking at the menu (available online at Drelyse.com) and everything sounded great.  We threw ourselves on the mercy of our host, the husband of the owner and a wonderful food guide.  So kind and attentive, he did his best to steer us 'first-timers' to flavors more suited to the Western palate, but we assured him that we were foodies who had come for authentic food.  He then, happily, pointed out the local favorites, local to Ghana that is. As we went over the menu, he brought 2 small bowls of soup for us to sample (like I said, he was very kind).  One was goat soup and the other was peanut-butter beef soup and both had a few small bits of FuFu in it, a starchy, doughy dumpling.  We tasted and swapped and decided they were both terrific.  Drinking right from the bowl, the broths were so very rich and deep in flavor that I almost forgot to share.  The beef soup was spicy and the goat soup was spicier, but neither was overly spicy and the flavor of the soup was complimented not overwhelmed, just enough to put a little sweat on the brow.  We grabbed a pair of Tusker ales/beers, from Kenya, to wash it all down and it went well with the spicy food.  Tusker is similar to Guinness, dark, strong, with a slightly nutty back-note.Our host explained that West African food is eaten with the hands and asked if we wanted silverware.  We decided to remain true to the food.  If it's to be eaten with your hands, so be it!  He brought over a small ceramic basin of soapy water.  We dipped our hands and gave them a quick wash.  He then produced a ceramic jug of clean water which he poured over our hands to rinse them.  I love a good food ritual, so this was fun and elegant at the same time.The samples really hadn't helped because now we wanted to taste everything!  In the end, we decided on Sambusa and Vitumbua for appetizers.  Sambusa is a small flaky pastry filled with spiced meat (and I mean filled, more meat than pastry) and served with a spicy-sweet sauce.  Crisp and deliciously meaty.  The Vitumbua was a dense, chewy fried dough muffin/biscuit/cake, lightly sweet but also savory at the same time.  A great start!We chose Goat Soup and Jollof Rice with Chicken for our entrees.  Our host brought out two steaming plates plus a softball-sized bread round.  The bread round was actually a dish called Banku and it's a sticky ball of fermented cassava dough that felt very much like uncooked bread dough (just MUCH stickier, you have to eat it off your fingers or you'll never get it off).  Grab a sticky wad of Banku, use it to grab a piece of meat from the soup, and eat both.  Banku has a potato-ish taste and goes great with their soup.  Tasty and fun!  The Jollof Rice was bright red with a lovely sauce on top and I have never tasted rice with that much flavor before.  No tableware, so the banku was used to eat the rice too.  The tomatoes and onions on top of the chicken were spectacular and I cannot pretend to know how they made them taste so good.  Maybe they were pickled, might be magic, but they were far tastier than the plain onion and tomato they seemed to be.  The chicken, ah the chicken, I don't know what spices were on it, but it was really tender and so good.  Packed with flavor through and through, not just a coating, but a permeated flavor that made for some really good eating right down to the last morsel!I'm a pretty big eater, but, since every bite included some banku, I filled up long before I cleaned my plate   And I really wanted to clean my plate!  And I wanted to clean the plates of the people sitting next to us (their fish dish looked awesome, takes 40 minutes to cook, so call ahead for that).  I really wanted to be hungry again so I could order other items from the menu, but I was so stuffed that I didn't have room for dessert (or a deep breath).We repeated the hand-washing ritual again to clean up, but I wish I hadn't because, now, hours later, I would be happy if my hands tasted and smelled like their amazing food.I can honestly say it was better than finger licking good, it was lick-your-friend's-fingers good.  Heck, it was knock-your-Momma-down good (yeah it's THAT good).  I am looking forward to tasting every item on their menu, so I'm already planning a return trip.  And it's only five minutes from my house!  If you hit Drelyse, and I think you should, you'll probably see me there with a handful of food and a big smile on my face!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,12/16/2011,36,75,2,2,2>I have only shopped here a couple times, and not taken advantage of the tasting nights they have from time  to time, so I don't feel justified in giving them five stars....yet.  I have faith it will happen.I've gone in there twice, and each time the service was spot on.  As I'm looking for what I want, the guy manning the store (I dunno if he is the owner or the manager or what) asked if I was finding everything ok. I said yes, and found a bottle. He asked what I liked, and was able to suggest another bottle as well, which I always like to hear.  The first time his recommendation was spot on, so I took the advice this time too.Cheerful service is always a big thing to me, and it really felt like I was being valued as a customer, even if all I was buying was a couple of $12 a piece bottles of wine.  I appreciate not being waved off because I'm not dropping a ton of money.  I live in Dublin, and I would go out of my way to shop here.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,12/15/2011,28,247,,2,2>So happy the community pulled together to get this place going. It's a landmark for sure. I remember bringing my grade cards here to get free cookies. I remember trick or treating here in elementary school on dress up day. I remember painting the windows during the holidays and seeing my pictures taped up in the windows. They make my favorite sugary sweet treat of all time - I grew up referring to them as "goonies" but their window tag labels them as "cinnamon sticks." You MUST try them. Heat them up in the microwave for a few seconds and you're golden. My mother still gets them around the holidays for us. They also make great cakes. $5 minimum on credit/debit cards (naughty naughty).
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,12/14/2011,16,16,,3,2>I've eaten here twice now.  Pizza both times.  It is good pizza, and the people are always very nice.  I want to try their stromboli and subs.  Considering their menu, I wonder if these are some of the same people who used to have Romas at Reed and Henderson.  The pizza seems to not be the same, but I liked both.  The Romas people were also always very nice.  I recommend you try it.  If it isn't the kind of pizza you like, there are about a zillion other places nearby.  Pizza is a very personal thing.Edit:  Forgot to mention that they have two different crusts and two different sauces.  Their thin crust isn't super thin, and the NY style is basically a hand-tossed.  The sauces are regular and spicy.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,12/13/2011,13,19,4,6,2>My lovely wife and I went yesterday evening for our anniversary dinner.  Unfortunately, as our meals were delivered, the food delivery guy upended a full glass of red wine all over me.  Oops!Well, my attitude is that accidents happen to the best of us - what's important is how the establishment responds to them.  The J. Lui's staff handled the situation well, falling all over themselves to apologize - from our server to the hostess to the manager.  Dinner was comp'ed, as was my cleaning bill, and a gift card was thrown in for good measure.Thrills and spills aside, the food was excellent.  We had a spring roll appetizer, Szechuan combo, scallops, chocolate creme dessert, and of course two glasses of red wine.  The atmosphere was pleasant and the prices reasonable for what we ordered.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,12/12/2011,36,34,2,4,5>I came here for the first time a few weeks ago for my friend's birthday. I had no idea what to expect. I've lived across the street from this place for months and hadn't made my way over to scope it out. I stepped in and noticed how clean and awesome this place is. There's a jukebox in the back bustin' out the tunes, a giant screen with a Super Nintendo (we ended playing NBA JAM for quite some time) and of course, plenty of pool tables.They have tables that are coin operated and they have hourly tables. I suppose it just depends on how fast you are at the game. We went with the coin operated tables since we were playing at a snail's pace.The bar near the front has friendly staff and everything you could want. Except for MiddleWest Spirits vodka. They said they'd be carrying that great stuff in a couple of months. Yeah!I really loved this place and am so glad I decided to go and check it out. Now I have a great place to go shoot some pool with friends and hangout.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,12/11/2011,93,276,2,6,2>I first went into Ambushed after being "ambushed" on the street by one of the stylists handing out free tees and info during gallery hop. I wasn't sure what to expect but was curious about a salon that truly knows how to work with the hair of curly headed folks such as myself.My visit today was my first experience getting a hair cut from Amy, the owner, and it was amazing. Yes, I paid $60 for a haircut (plus an additional $5 for tip) and it wasn't the cheapest cut I've ever had, but between the cut, scalp and neck massage, consultation, magic protein mask treatment, style, and lesson on how to use a diffuser to best get my curls rocking, more than made up for that price.One of the friendliest and most personal hair experiences. One of the best cuts I've ever had. Yep, I'll be going back many times.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,12/10/2011,185,387,2,8,4>Welcome to the neighborhood, De Novo. I'm glad you're here! No longer an insurmountable legal standard of review, now you can get breakfast, lunch, dinner, or cocktails on your way to and from the courthouse.With American bistro fare (some asian offerings, like five spice shrimp and banh mi), sophisticated decor, and gorgeous bar, De Novo carries the downtown revival a little farther south down High Street. It's right by that big liquor store... the block isn't the nicest, but don't let that stop you! This would be a great place to go before or after a show at the Ohio Theater.My four-star rating is accurate as I am currently quite a fan. But, this is based from one dining experience on the second day of being open to the public. I'll definitely be back (and in the meantime recommending this as a downtown suits-all-needs spot), and I reserve the right to add or subtract a star as De Novo's presence evolves. I popped in here after work when I had an hour to kill and a growling belly. This was a solo dining experience-- I was alone with my book. It was about 5:30 pm, and the restaurant was not very full. The hostess seated me in a booth of my very own, though I wouldn't have minded sitting at the bar.I really love the decor here. I would totally want whoever did this interior to do my house, if such a thing seemed financially plausible. High ornate ceilings, gorgeous lighting that feels a touch on the decadent side, and huge gray branches (branches!) hanging above the bar made for an elegant yet whimsical setting.On trend with other restaurants of its kid, De Novo has a decent small plates happy hour. All small plates are half price from 3 to 7 on weekdays. I didn't hear about the beer specials, but I noticed they have Left Hand Milk Stout on draft, which is awesome. I was in the mood for wine, though, and select by-the-glass wines were on special. I can't remember now if they were half price or if they were $5 flat, but nevertheless... awesome.Overall the menu selections were a little on the *yawn* side. Sliders, crab cakes, braised short ribs... the kind of small plates you see everywhere. Besides the banh mi, the sandwiches seemed a little unimaginative, too... but I'll give them a pass for several reasons:1. It's new, they may be trying to get some customer feedback before they branch out much more2. Truffle fries come with sandwiches, and their other sides (seemingly interchangeable) look great too, risotto especially.3. The dishes are plated *beautifully* and the flavor combinations are real winners.I ordered the house chop salad and the sliders. As stated above, I was thoroughly impressed with the plating. The sliders arrived, three to a plate, with the tops askew just so. Artistic, not sloppy. There was smoked gouda and carmelized shallots... not too much topping to meat/bun ratio. Some chives sprinkled the perimeter. The patties were a tad overcooked and the bun slightly over toasted, but that smoked gouda will get you quite far. The chop salad was perfectly dressed, with an elegant drizzle of dressing around the outside edge of the plate. The bites were neither too big nor too small, just as a chop should be.The service was friendly and attentive for the most part. In hindsight, I wished I'd had some water. I didn't ask for any, but the waiter never offered-- so I guess that's a tie. Overall the staff seems excited about the new venture, and it's always great to feel that energy.It seemed to take a long time for my food to come out. I was a single diner, the restaurant was not busy, and my entire experience took about an hour. I only ordered two small plates and a glass of wine-- and it was just me. I didn't mind, as I was killing time anyways, but De Novo will have to step up the speed if they hope to cater to the courthouse crowd at lunchtime. I'll be back! Can't wait to try breakfast!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,12/9/2011,135,164,3,5,1>I read some reviews about Korean blood sausage, and had to try it.   It's listed as "Soondae" and please don't make the mistake of thinking it's a sundae or you will be very disappointed.  It was purty tasty.  If you are a fan of liver or mineraly/iron tasting dishes, then you will love this.  Inside the casing is a mix of bean noodles in the cooked blood mixture.  I also tried the hot bi bim bap.  It was laaarge and quite good.  I only wish that the rice sitting against the hot stone bowl had become more crispy.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,12/8/2011,62,163,2,5,3>I'm always a sucker for good, fast Vietnamese food.  There are quite a few options for Vietnamese around UA and Dublin, but I feel like Buckeye Pho raises the bar for quick Vietnamese food along the Bethel Road corridor.  The restaurant is clean and the decor, with buckeyes on the wall, is "cute" as my wife commented when she sat down (as a Michigan grad, this is pretty high praise for her.)Unlike some of the other reviews, our service was very friendly and fast (we arrived just before the lunch rush).  We had the crab wontons, a Bahn Mi and a crepe. I passed on the pho since it was a very warm day--not really suited to soup.   I also had a Mango Bubble Tea that I took back to work with me.  All were great and I'll definitely be back for more Bahn Mi and some Pho!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,12/7/2011,114,521,2,5,4>Well, I have to say that I think their name might be slightly misleading...I went to The Angry Baker this morning to try them out, and the staff weren't even vaguely disgruntled. In fact, they were downright happy and helpful. I was expecting some strung out bad crazy rageaholic forcefully shoving a brioche into my skull.Though they do have some "cafe" space, it's a bit limited - there's a long bar against the main baking area, two high-top tables that can seat two or three people, and a corner booth. Not bad, but it's more of a "grab a seat and eat scone as a reward for your morning constitutional" sort of space than a "Let's go here for lunch, talk, and hang out" kind of vibe.That said, the actual goods at The Angry Baker have been wonderful - the lemon and blueberry scone had a great balance of filling body and fruity goodness, while a gluten free chocolate chip cookie I grabbed for later was very tasty, while not feeling a bit forced the way some gluten free baked goods can.Even better, prices are very reasonable - I didn't eat in on any of their salads or sandwhiches, but for $20 I was able to load up on three scones, two cinnamon rolls, a couple of muffins, four cookies, and a slice of cream cheese filled kolache. Quite a respectable haul! I don't get into Old Town East as often as I might, but if I'm in the mood for a breakfast bite (or a quick lunch), Angry Baker is going to be one of my regular stops.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,12/6/2011,902,285,6,8,6>I want to get divorced so I can get married at COSI again.I see lots of reviews of COSI as a science center but none about COSI as an event venue or wedding reception hall, so damnit, that's what I'm gonna review. But real quick, COSI as a science center = yayfun!I recently got married at COSI. From the first meeting with the event planning team to the weeks after the wedding, COSI was GREAT to work with - interested, attentive and extremely helpful. It's much more affordable than you might think to rent out the science center for a private event, too. We used their in-house catering and bar staff and had a lot of positive feedback from our food. They even ordered special alcohol for us through their distributor.We had the ceremony and reception here - the cermeony on the plaza deck and the reception in the CityView space. When inclement weather turned out to be blue skies, the staff quickly shifted our ceremony set-up back outside for us, which was awesome.There's also more amazing places for wedding photos here than any other venue in the world, man. We used the Progress exhibit and the skyline primarily - we would have used Ocean but we ran out of time.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,12/5/2011,38,73,,3,4>Ooooohhh, this place is good. Really good. If you like coffee and chocolate, or just one or the other, run, don't walk, to this new coffee shop in German Village. Hand-made chocolates and other artisan candies line the shelves. A skilled, cheerful barista will whip you up a cup of awesomeness. There are also tempting baked goods, and seasonal desserts. I got hot chocolate, because it was nearly bedtime, but all the coffee drinks looked and smelled divine. They close at 8 pm, which isn't ideal for a coffee house, but people kept trickling in, so the barsita kept the doors open longer. I think this would be a great place for a date, if they extend their hours. There are just a few tables for sitting, maybe three or four, so this is not the place to linger with a laptop. It's a place to go with a friend and treat yourself. Go ahead, you deserve it.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,12/4/2011,94,39,,4,2>Sun Tong Luck is my favorite restaurant on the NW side of Columbus. The food and the owners are enough to bring anyone back.Sure when you walk in it looks like most Chinese carryout joints, but the food stands far above your average takeout place. It's made from scratch by an actual Chef, not rehydrated or fried from frozen or mixed together "semi-home made" style. You can taste this in their dishes. They have a TON of vegan selections, most everything can be made vegan so just ask! The owners are amazing too. Just go there a couple times and Helena will know your name and what you usually order. She will often throw suggestions my way to try and they are always delicious, though I always come back for the spicy garlic tofu. This place is a treasure Columbus! If you haven't been here, come check it out! You will be super happy!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,12/3/2011,278,274,,5,3>Pasta chips are amazing.  Fried pizza dough tossed in garlic salt with a side of dipping sauce.  Add that to a great happy hour special and you are in salty heaven!The pizza is pretty good as well.  Try pineapple onion :)The highlight is the back deck which has 2 tiers and a nicely-kept outdoor bar.Staff is always friendly - this is a family-owned place and it shows.  It may be the unwitting star of 'Creekside Gahanna.'Kids are welcome within reasonable hours and you'll often see adult league softball teams come in for a pint and a pizza.Prices are right.*Closed on Sundays, which stinks, b/c that's when I'd love to spend a leisurely afternoon.*
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,12/2/2011,14,73,2,4,3>-The beer selection is awe-inspiring. -The fried avocadoes are damn good, but really heavy--you'll probably want to share them. Wish they were panko breaded rather than battered, this might cut down on the heaviness. I will definitely split these with someone next time.-My bowl of chili was pretty damn tasty on its own, and really hit the spot with a few shakes of Tobasco (yes I'm one of those people.)  It had a few different kinds of beans, and a good ratio of (fake) meat to liquid. Not a lot of veggies  though--odd for a vegan joint.    -My companion raved about his burrito, and the fact that he didn't even offer me a bite is probably a sign of quality. -The music sounded like they had plugged my iPod in behind the bar, it was a fun surprise to hear what song came up next.  We will be back, probably sooner than later. It was tragic having to pick just one beer to try (bowl of chili+ dark beer + whole fried avocado = I was STUFFED).
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,12/1/2011,57,91,3,4,4>My new go-to Korean place. Quick, cheap, and tasty.Order up front, pick up and eat in the back. I love the lil' Asian mamas and grandmas cooking your food. Feels like homemade! The dolsot bibimbap was as good as any. My only complaint is you don't get much banchan.There's a whole fridge with jars of kimchi for sale. Plus, you can get marinated kalbi/bulgogi or banchan by the pound. Yay, now you can have Korean meals at home.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,11/30/2011,309,391,2,5,4>I'm as pleased and smitten as a kitten with The Attic! I was a sad panda to see reFINDesign transform this magical little store front and then leave so suddenly. But The Attic keeps all the charm of exposed bricks, unfinished wood and moody dark lighting.I find that most stores in the Short North touting a "vintage" angle tend to increase their prices based on the label. The Attic takes the path less traveled and prices are low. I spotted a pile of folded boy-band t-shirts from the 90's. Worn out and ironic, you could easily charge $15 a shirt (cough cough Rag-o-Rama) and make some serious bank off of hipsters born in the 90's (ugh, I'm old). But no! These totally hip non-hip shirts are only $5! Faded jean jackets, compelling hats and beautiful wraps are all priced much lower than the Short North average.Anything from trinkets to artwork to end tables and suitcases are also on display. Bottles of heavenly scented lotions and perfumes as well as candles are on sale. The Attic has a real worldly vibe - holding on to the last days of imperialism meets NYC bohemian.The Attic can do no wrong so long as they keep their prices low!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,11/29/2011,182,928,2,12,4>This is a very new restaurant, having been open only a couple of weeks.  It's on the site of a failed Italian restaurant, that was probably open only a month or two.  There's a lot of parking and the decor is lovely.  You can tell that someone put some time into the decorations.They're open for lunch and dinner.  I chose to go for lunch today and that may be a regular thing.  They started off by bringing me a small plate of refried beans and some slaw, and a small bowl of hot sauce.  I ordered the lunch special which was $4.95.  Can you believe that?  For that I got a chimichanga, an order of beans, and an order of rice.  It also came with a dollop of sour cream and another dollop of guacamole..  The chimichanga had the flakiest crust I've ever gotten.  It was delicious!  Their special is said to change every day so you may see a lot more reviews from me in the near future!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,11/28/2011,370,523,2,5,5>Hosting a UYE here at the suggestion of Ms. C, I was impressed and am now a fan. A few misteps led me to a 4 star review, but overall, I will be happily returning, hopefully many times. This place was busy for a Tuesday, and I know why. Because it's a great place! I'd like to start with the issues I had. 1) With all of the staff wearing 'very nice, but essentially street clothes', it was difficult to determine who was staff and who was wandering or standing around. For instance, I had no idea the hostesses were the two girls chatting at the cash register desk until they asked if I'd been helped. 2) One of our group sat without a glass until I got up to get him one and the table was similarly upprepared with silverware and plates. These things were easliy rectified and really not a problem, but noticed. 3) There was a pricing issue with ourfinal bill. It was corrected after the server verified that she, in fact, did ring it wrong. Again, just a small issue corrected with a smile. 4) The flatbread crust was way over browned, cooked to a hard cracker consistency and the color of dark brown sugar, I am pretty sure that's not typical of a flatbread. It still tasted good and toppings were well dispersed, but the toppings weren't very hot compared to the crust being so over done. Weird!OK, I'm over complaining. Here's what's awesome about The Wine Bistro. 1) Great ambiance.2) Comfortable Environment3) Attentive, friendly, knowledgable service. She was able to suggest and educate without being a know-it-all. She made the experience easy and fun. 4) Yummy Wine Service. So many wines to choose from, you can actually shop for your bottle and the cork is for you for an $8 fee Weds-Sat. Monday and Tuesday, they wave the fee.5) State minmum pricing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My bottle was only $12.99 and it tasted great. 6) the salads looked amazing, so I want to try more of the food. 7) It's an overall great spot for groups, dates, friends, and family!Check it out!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,11/27/2011,93,113,,6,5>This place is great - it is perfect for that mid-day break when you need some time with a book and a cup of coffee and you have little kids at home. The toys here are minimal but amazing - I think the fact that the room isn't filled with tiny blocks and piles of legos and stuffed animals is what makes it so calming and fun for kids. My 2 year old can get overwhelmed with lots of toys, but he adores being able to focus on one thing for a while and then move to another very easily. The bouncy house is great - and the choices of toys are just spectacular! So creative.You do have to keep an eye on your kids though, I can imagine it might get annoying if there were a parent that was engrossed in a magazine and letting their kid be unsupervised. But the room is open enough there aren't many places for kids to hide, so it's easy to see your kids if you're sitting at the couch, or one of the four tables along the big front windows. We'll definitely be back to Firefly - my son asks for it every day. I would like to see a monthly rate along with the $5 per day (not that it's expensive) for those of us who live close and might come a few times a week.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,11/26/2011,30,245,5,5,3>We were told to give this place a try. I'd never been here or to I guess the old location? Man am I glad we went!We stopped in Fri night around 8 or 9. It  looked like slow night... It's kind of a strange location, but DIRECTLY across from the entrance to Berliner Park on Greenlawn Ave.Anywho, we we greeted as soon as we stepped in the door by the bartender and Alex, our server. This is a great start! We started with iced tea (which strangely, was probably the best iced tea I've ever had) and the nachos (not chips and salsa!)... The nachos were fresh and hot and crispy and covered with the freshest jalepenos, tomatoes, cheese, onions etc! They were kind of this beautiful work of art!I ordered a taco and the wild burro (burrito) because I'm sometimes afraid to try something random at a new place. GOOD LORD! The burrito was like 2 Chipotle burritos fused together human centipede-style! I felt like a lardy butt having ordered the taco too! Both were excellent, the burrito in a very very different sort of way. The sauce on top was very sweet, but great! The whole thing kind of reminded me of a stuffed green pepper in a tortilla (flavor wise)!My bf got the Aberdeen based on the other Yelp reviews. He agreed he'd never have tried it on his own... OMG!! THAT SANDWICH WAS AMAZING! I found myself slightly disappointed that I hadnt't ordered one too :(It was the juiciest pork I've ever seen... The fries were crispy on the outside & fluffy on the inside... And the coleslaw would put your grandmother's to shame!Our server was also awesome! He was quick and friendly & on the refills. We too asked about one of the beers and were given a sample! That's phenominal customer service!The bill came out to be about $30 which is pretty great considering we had 2 drinks, an appetizer & 2 meals! I really really hope this place does well! The place was clean & unique! They also have Karaoke & Drag Queen Bingo which I CANNOT wait to experience!!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,11/25/2011,884,714,7,7,8>Okay, please still read my original review for more of my thoughts on Graffiti Burger, but I've been here a handful more times now, and an update is in order. First things first, the main thing that prompted me to write this...the manager, whose name I (bold italics, please) don't even know yet, knows ME by name. He's got a great personality and they should stick him out front more. Err, he should stick himself out front more, I guess.Uh, he also identified me as having reviewed them on yelp and thanked me...so now I'm afraid he'll think I'm trying to get some free fries or something, but seriously...I was a bit shocked, but it's that kind of small detail that goes a long way. Now a few food updates: I mentioned that you can get the black bean dressed however you like. Well, I've since tried the burger dressed like the Blazin', the Bermuda Onion, and the Graffiti, and they're all awesome. Finally, I had a shake even though I shouldn't have last visit, and their hand dipped shakes are for srz noms. The joint was a-ok, but now I'm a fan.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,11/24/2011,82,150,6,6,4>La Michoacana Market was almost the death of me! I didn't eat in their restaurant, but I did buy a cartload of groceries. This food-crazy lady had to exercise some serious restraint, otherwise I would have ended up with a cartload of dried mangoes with chili, a boatload of queso fresco, drowning in coconut juice, and rolling in spices! Clean up in aisle 3! Well, I made it out alive and with my sanity intact, and I have to give a seriously huge thank you to the staff for treating me so politely, taking the time to ask if they could help me, and not making me feel like fool for not speaking Spanish. I will be back soon for lunch...be prepared, Michoacana! My willpower is only so strong!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,11/23/2011,1214,553,6,10,6>It seems like every time I review a place in Easton, I start out with, "Easton is a soul-less hell..."But you know what? Easton has recently added several places that are local, super-friendly, and chock full of heart. First my beloved Northstar, and now Sugardaddy's!If you're familiar with the other Sugardaddy's locations, then you won't be a bit disappointed with the service or the products at their Easton spot. This store just comes in a smaller, yet still adorable, package.And if you haven't been to Sugardaddy's, but you're in the Easton location, go right now to get the best brownies and blondies in the world! The owners, Mark and Tom, have created an amazing brand built on superior products and delightful customer service that would rival Jeni's or Northstar.Even though I would prefer to visit their Downtown location more often, I do work at Easton - so this store is super-convenient for me. I'm pretty sure I found my newest treat shop when I need to feed people at the office!Tip:  If you go late in the day, you may get a special deal on that day's brownies! You see, Sugardaddy's insists on only serving fresh-baked brownies every day.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,11/22/2011,189,38,1,7,3>So I've determined that the only thing this place lacks is actual customers. Come on, people! Who doesn't like a sprawling patio under a gorgeous smattering of trees? Who doesn't like $5 PBR pitchers? Who doesn't like romantic chinese lanterns hanging from lofted ceilings across from historic, exposed brick walls evoking the Brewery District from days past? Who doesn't like vinyl night everyt Thursday, where music lovers take charge on the turn table until closing? It honestly seems like a no brainer. Plus, the staff is super friendly (and irreverent), and I stumbled upon a craft party where I scored a free PBR t-shirt. Ok, so that doesn't happen every night, but it's a start. Between Double Happiness and the new Shadowbox, it's clear that the Brewery District is ready to throw its hat back in the social ring and live up to its eponymous name. Question is - who on earth is doing their marketing? Don't rely on word of mouth alone, folks - get people to this space, and they'll be sure to fall in love. Doubly so.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,11/21/2011,219,113,18,3,3>Men:Being a straight guy in a Short North tea salon is not for the feint of heart. However. If you can demonstrate your masculinity through intelligence and confidence, you're bound to make an impression on the beautiful women who surround you. Think about it. Hundreds of women flock to ZenCha every week. Odds are, you're bound to meet the woman of your dreams if you drink your tea right.  A few tips:Have Confidence, Go Alone:Two guys at a tea house can look pretty together, pretty fast.  Leave your roommate at home. Not only is there an empty seat at your table waiting to be occupied, but you have more freedom for across-room eye contact. Be Intelligent:Order like you know what you're doing:  "Your Formosa- which mountain and elevation was this Oolong harvested from?"  Asking tough questions to the ZenCha waitresses never throws them off, and scores points with any interested female who may be listening in.Don't Look Stupid, Act Adorable:At ZenCha some of their soups are made with intense spices. Know which spices *not* to bite into, and you'll keep your cool.  Or, use your knowledge to your advantage-- fake like your mouth is on fire long enough to catch the eye of that lonely girl sitting across the room.If all else fails, a trusty laptop turns 'an awkward guy in the corner of a tea house' into a cultured grad student or hardworking businessman. So what do you have to lose?
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,11/20/2011,35,66,3,4,3>I wanted every single item on them menu here, not only because it all sounded delicious, but because they had pictures for most of it!  How great is that?  I'm a very visually oriented kind of person, and I wish more restaurants would provide pictures of each dish, because you know what?  It makes me order more food.  Maybe when I'm a bazillionaire with a bazillion dollars I'll go back to  Akai Hana and order one of everything on the menu...or I suppose I could take a more practical approach and just go back several times over the course of the next few years.I can't not order sushi at a Japanese restaurant, so I had a spider roll and a Tokyo roll, both of which were fabulous and reasonably priced.  My lovely dining partner ordered fried smelt and oysters, and was kind enough to share, and those were excellent as well.  I don't often order oysters because I love them too much and they usually leave me a bit hungry afterward, but just so you all know, I'd be happy to eat yours for you.We did have to wait about 45 minutes for a table, but it was a cold Saturday night in Columbus, and the wait would have been the same at any decent restaurant.  The wait staff was helpful and attentive, and very accommodating.I will definitely be returning, and as much as I love sushi, I might have to try some of the other dishes on the menu, because there was an enormous variety of cuisine to pick from and I'm curious to try some of the thingies I haven't heard of before.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,11/19/2011,36,115,,4,2>If I could give them 10 stars...I totally would.So many things to say about this place!  I'm going to give up on forming coherent sentences and just gush bullet point style.-  Witty, bawdy, funny, and ever so delightfully NON-PC-  Top notch acting/singing/dancing/musicianship/scripting-  New space is AMAZING!  It feels more like a caberet with raised seating as you go back.-  TWO...count them TWO drum sets.  I'm in heaven.  (a Dreds/Beast sammich?  I digress)-  JT or "Chops" (as he's now identifying).  I love this man, and wish to subscribe to his newsletter.  He's hot AND talented.-  THE FREAK.  This drink is a sneaky git.  All of a sudden....you're drunk.-  The Food.  I always get the tenderloin sandwich.  (tenderloin, horseradish sauce, onion crisps....delish.)  I've had the popcorn, which is good and fresh.  Friends have sampled the nachos, the chicken sandwich, and the pepperoni sub thing...all with rave reviews.-  The new *store* for swag!Specific to this show (opening night of Legacy):  Britney Spears and Antonio Banderas (independently) singing to people in the crowd.My complaints/wishlist:-  smaller volunteers and/or tables farther apart.  It never fails, someone orders food near the cut off, and it's delivered during the show, in the dark, by the largest volunteer on staff, who can't find where they are supposed go...and lingers.right.in.front.of.me.-  JT's phone number  (I kid! I kid!  Sorta.)-  easier way to identify sizing in the swag store.  I had to dig through a basket of rolled up shirts, and still never found my size.   Also, get some stuff for big girls with 'big girls'!P.S.  Virgin Mary...I remembered!  :)
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,11/18/2011,156,314,2,4,4>This place has been raking in stars by the Fivers from some of the most respectable Yelpers in this fine city and I have to say that they are basically exactly correct: this place is just wonderful- an enchanting little location with a lot of charm, terribly good food, and great service.Tucked away into a scenic stretch of the neighborhood and boasting a fine little patio, this place is a great little escape from the bustle of High St., which is dear to this small-town boy's heart. Even on chillier days my wonderful woman and I have taken to the patio- even when it's a bad idea, it's demonstrably hard to resist. If they had those free-standing porch warmer things, I'd probably eat out there in the snow. (Maybe.) (Well, possibly.)I swear it would be worth it to visit Katalina's just to sit on the porch and watch the dogs jog by- just order a mug of coffee or one of those home-made ice teas (handsomely served in moonshine jars) and let that be that. That'd be juuuuuust fine, but the food is really damn good, too. There's all sorts of options, but I like the sandwiches- buttery and generous without being too big. I'm still waiting to try that potato salad, though- I love potato salads, but they were out last time, so I went with the chipotle cole slaw instead, which was fine but not perfect. Even out on the patio you get attention from the staff. During our last visit, we were even reminded that the coffee is all-you-can-drink free refills, and were invited to abuse the privilege. Well, I tried- the coffee urns were empty and I had not the notion to wait for the forming line to clear out to ask for more, so I went about my day. I've known for awhile now that I need to get to Katalina's Café Corner more often. Now that I live within walking distance, that dream can become a splendid reality.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,11/16/2011,52,126,,4,1>Bravo Bono Pizza! After hearing your name more times than I can count from my persnickety roommate I decided it was time for us to meet. I eat pizza almost every day for my job when I'm at schools (pizza is cheap and everyone likes it) so I tend to avoid it when I'm not on the road for work. However Bono Pizza may need to join Dewey's in my short list of exceptions. When I walked in I was immediately greeted and handed a menu. I already had in mind what I wanted and was told it would be upwards of a 30 minute wait since there were three pizzas in front of me. I knew ahead of time this might happen from reading reviews and looking at the website before I ventured over. I was invited to hang out and read a paper if I wanted. When another employee showed up for her shift, the woman who originally helped me introduced her by name to each of the people waiting in the store. I was impressed she took the time to do this and was able to remember the names of what I presume were four strangers. Nice touch. The space is very small and cramped but I found it very charming. There are small touches of the owners everywhere from the decorations on the wall to the mismatched chairs at the table. One of the other patrons was a culinary student and was invited to check out the oven where they cook the pies. There is also a mirror so you can watch each pizza cook from a cooler distance. Bono Pizza is cash only and is attached to a beverage store. The parking is limited but shares a lot with Kroger next door. I would recommend calling ahead to order unless you're cool with waiting. I would like to note that currently there are signs all over the place that state the store is no longer BYOB until they 'figger it out'. I guess someone reported them to the liquor control agency so that perk is shut down until further notice. As for the pizza...I ordered a Carolina (basically a Margarita with garlic). It was flippin fantastic! The sauce wasn't too overbearing, the ingredients were fresh, the garlic was just the right amount and the mozzarella was creamy and smooth. Thanks once again Yelp, for showing me that in the endless sea of mediocre pizza there are still a few shiny gems.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,11/15/2011,78,138,2,7,4>I have been on an Indian food tear.I have been to many Indian restaurants in Columbus.I have been searching.While I don't claim that I will never go anywhere else. I'd say my searching is over.After a couple dinners, Aab rested comfortably in 4 star territory with their delicious samosas, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, lamb biryanni and other favorite dishes.  I like Cumin's paneer better, but that's about the only fault I can find.Then I finally went to their buffet on Saturday for lunch.  It's really tough to get a 5 star buffet..I mean, you're already trying to appeal to the masses here...the spices are probably a little blander...you're mass producing, ya know.  I'd give the lunch buffet itself 5 stars based on my experiences.  EVERYTHING was good.  EVERYTHING.  Food was diligently replenished so it seemed like the whole spread was kept really fresh.  That's a key to the buffet concept.  The service was excellent.  They have always been friendly and attentive in my experiences.  This is a must-go if you're looking for Indian food in the Columbus area.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,11/14/2011,92,300,,4,3>Who am I to buck a trend? I have no qualms about giving this spectacular eatery 5 stars! After reading so many awesome 5 star reviews, I had to try it myself. Is that bad? Am I just using Yelp as an excuse to dine out all the time? Well after Kitchen Little, I really don't care. They had so many great looking dishes, but I settled on the fried chicken with a side of carrots and turnip greens. One bite of those carrots was all I needed to know that they knew their stuff. Not just some canned carrots, heated up with some onions, these appeared to be slow roasted, which really brings out the sugar and depth of flavor. I'm a little ashamed to admit that I judge most turnip greens based on how they stack up to the turnip greens with smoked turkey at Cracker Barrel, but I now have a new pinnacle of perfection with which to compare. Mmmmmm, tender and flavorful, smokey, turkey flavor, but with some hot pepper, and I believe little pieces of turnip? Man, those are so full of dramatic flavor!  Alright, so now about the chicken. Buttermilk fried chicken, seemed like a pounded chicken breast, with bread crumb breading? So tender, so flavorful, and my favorite part, the cracked pepper. If you don't like pepper, you might not like it, but if you're like me, this is the kind of pepper heaven you can only typically get at home, as it might be a little much for some diners. As I was leaving, I also happened to see some bison burgundy stew, and if I hadn't been working so hard to get in shape lately, I would have been hard pressed for a reason to not come back for it. On top of all that, they're dedicated to using as much locally sourced products as possible! (If you don't get why that's cool, don't worry, they explain why on their dry erase board.) I can't wait to come back, this place rocks!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,11/13/2011,64,202,,3,3>I really love this store.  It is convenient (I can ride my bike up there with my daughter on the back) and the folks who work there are always so nice.  Plus, my kiddo can run around with me and nobody seems to get upset with her.In addition, they carry some great local produce and sustainable fish.  I LOVE the fact that they carry the apple cider I have grown up with from Laurelville.  I have known the man who owns this farm since I was little and have always thought his cider and apples were hands down the best in Ohio.However, I have to take off a star because their prices aren't always the best on everything...  I get sucked into paying it because I am there and I don't want to drag my daughter to endless stores to get everything we need.  However, in the big scheme of things I will certainly continue to shop here.  I just love some of the things they have.Oh....and some of the produce that I have bought here has lasted quite a while....which is great.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,11/12/2011,19,85,2,3,2>I'm going to attempt to write this review without making a single pun about nuts.  Here goes.I stopped in here mostly because I had a $20 Groupon that was screaming to be used. Also because I'm obsessed with almond butter.  Thankfully, I found much more than almond butter there (because $20 worth of almond butter is a bit excessive right?).The store itself is centered around nut mixes and nut butters, but they also have sweets like fudge and ice cream, peanut oil, and all different kinds of preserves to make a bitchin' PB sandwich with. They have a little cafe area that sells milkshakes and sandwiches as well, although I passed on those because I wasn't hungry.In my visit there, I ended up getting a jar of peanut butter, a jar of almond butter, an ice cream buckeye (nom nom), and.....*drumroll**wait for it*Pistachio butter.That's right, pistachio butter. This does not appear to be a regular offering, based on the makeshift paper label. But according to the guy I spoke with, apparently they originally made it for pistachio ice cream, and enough people suggested selling it by itself that they whipped up a batch to see how that would go. It's like $12 for a jar of what looks like baby poop but totally worth it.I personally would like the pistachio butter to stick around. So, people of Cbus, I'd just like to say: EVERYBODY GO BUY SOME PISTACHIO BUTTER RIGHT NOW. It's really good with honey. Leave a jar for me.Overall, my experience with Krema Nut was a positive one, and I'll be back. Potentially for some spicy peanut butter and cashew butter. Also maybe a milkshake. The possibilities are endless.Obligatory Disclaimer: Krema exclusively sells natural nut and legume butters. That means that those of you who are used to Jif or such similar fake crappy peanut butter probably will initially think it tastes really weird. My suggestion is to stick with it, and you'll eventually think conventional supermarket PB tastes like disgusting brown frosting. But if you're really, really devoted to your conventional peanut butter, then you may not like Krema. You have been warned.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,11/11/2011,42,175,2,6,3>Press Grill in the winter is a little different than Press Grill in the summer, but I like both.  We came in tonight (Sunday) and were able to snag a table right when we came in.  It was one of the two person tables near the door, so it was a little cold when people came in, but not unbearable.  The service was awesome.  Natalie was knowledgeable about the specials, the place, and what they are and aren't.   No drink menu, so if you want mixed drinks, you better ask some questions or go with one of your stand-bys.  I wanted to create something like a Betty Beer (root beer and vanilla vodka).  When I asked Natalie if they had rootbeer she said no, but had an idea of how we could make an alcoholic root beer.  And that Natalie is some kind of wizard because it was AMAZING.  And at 4.50, not too shabby for a mixed drink.  My dining partner wasn't as lucky though.  A martini will set you back 6.50.  Not that steep, but everything else on the menu is such a steal that it feels steep, you know?  And not that I love PBR, but it's a bit surprising it's not on draft.  Just sayin'.We shared the loaded cottage fries and they were really tasty.  Fries, tomatoes, cheese, bacon, sour cream, green onion, and (I'm pretty sure) crack.  I did that thing where I was scraping some of the extra toppings off the tin foil so I could make it last longer.  I'm not ashamed (much).  I really like hot dogs here (they use Nathan's dogs) and my dining partner loved the buffalo shrimp.All in all, this place can be as expensive or steal-ish as you want it to be.  And a small minority of places can say that!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,11/10/2011,61,59,4,6,3>OMG, after living in Clintonville for 16 years, how, oh how could I have missed this little seafood truck sitting on Indianola????? Ok, so it's not the healthiest stuff on the planet, but my GOODNESS is it GOOD. I got good ole fish n chips to sate the starving Irish in me, but the taste took me back to southern fish frys. The fish is beer battered and tastes just right. The chips or frys are crisp outside and very tender inside, again, just right. The price is reasonable, the truck operator was very nice, and the taste is spot freakin on!!!For some of the best tasting fish n frys, go.Do itSeriouslyWould I lie to you?
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,11/9/2011,23,51,2,2,2>This was my first Polish food.  It was sooooo GOOD!I had Chicken Mielone.  Basically, it was a chicken croquette, wrapped around....something.   Another reviewer said that it was wrapped around cheese, but it didn't taste like cheese to me.  I thought it was more like a fruit, maybe peach or apricot, that didn't taste sweet anymore, due to its savory surroundings.  Maybe my taste buds were on weird that day.  I truly don't know what it was.But I ate it anyway.  And really liked it.  And would definitely order it again. The guy at the counter asked me if I wanted hot sauce and I told him that I didn't know, since I'd never had Chicken Mielone before, but if that was the way most people liked it, it was fine with me. So I did...and....it was good that way.I also had the vegetable salad, which was basically a dill potato salad with kidney beans, maybe a few other vegetables.  Still, it was mostly potato salad....very good.  I like potato salad and I'd put this one up  against the best of them.He threw in some beet salad for free.  I liked it okay, but more as a garnish.  Would not have wanted a whole serving of it.  Still...nice that he threw it in.  I never would have ordered it and it was a food experience worth having.Definitely will be back...even if I don't know what's inside that mielone!!!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,11/8/2011,52,145,2,4,3>Holllllly batman and robin this place is good. I feel like I was in one of those commercials where I walked through the world in black and white, then I went to Cafe Brioso and my life suddenly became colorful again. Cafe Brioso was not too packed when I got there at 7:30 this morning, but around 7:45, there was a huge, albeit diverse line of people waiting for this mean muggin' coffee. The staff here was quite friendly, even striking up a conversation about scones (I got the lemon-blueberry one), and they were VERY knowledgeable about their coffee. I overheard one of the cashiers talking to a gentleman about their different brews and it was really cool to hear how much the staff takes pride in their cafe and what they serve to the customers. Not to mention, it was like the Cheers of coffee shops, I think I heard them call 5 or 6 customers by name, even using the token line "just the usual?" I want to fit in like that! Dammit. Anyways, I got a large cappucino and sat there reading some magazines. The first sip was just magical, it was full of flavor, just the right temperature, and the design made me smile. Sipping on it slowly was tough because it was just so good. My scone was just the right texture, light, fluffy, and refreshingly sweet. If I worked closer to here I would be going back right now for another capp. Cafe Brioso is fairly cheap too. With all this said, I think I have found my new go-to morning cafe.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,11/7/2011,72,39,2,7,4>City slickers, here's the scoop: artisanal ice cream can exist without the extra artifice! Long lines and costly confections have enslaved us long enough - Columbus, you are better than this! To aid us in combat, the talented team behind Mozart's Bakery have swapped their pastry kitchen for an ice cream parlor; and resurrected the former home of Denise's Ice Cream into the chicly titled "Vienna Ice Cafe".With an eclectic but essentially European-inspired menu of cold desserts, it's an intriguing new addition to Clintonville. The interior is welcoming and bright, with warm yellow walls, traditional black and white touches, and circling ceiling fans. Counter-service is friendly, quick with the samples, and often dispensed by cute girls (a plus in my book!). And you WILL want samples, when your eyes devour these dessert names: Strawberry Champagne Sorbet. Coffee Kahlua and Chai Cinnamon ice cream. A virtual safari of sundaes including their signature Vienna Ice Coffee, Coupe Hawaii, and German Chocolate. But I was drawn to the more musical titles like Mozart's Minuet and Mozart's Sonata, clear references to the bakery and two of the more classic, comforting ice cream combinations.I highly recommend the namesake iced coffee drink! It may be a stretch to call it a sundae, but this thing is heaven in a cup. Cold-brewed coffee and a scoop of creamy real-bean vanilla, topped with freshly whipped cream and a cigarette-shaped cookie. Caffeine, sugar, fat - all the dopamine a dessert-lover could dream of!!! If scoops are more your thing, the sorbets are tart and summery, and the gelatos satisfyingly rich and thick. The alliterative labels are almost as fun to read as they are to eat, and some flavors (the tiramisu, chocolate truffle, caramel) contain swirls of tortes and tempting homemade sauces.The cafe could use some sprucing up with their decor, a chalkboard and a few plants don't offer much interest, although the board and pastel hunks of chalk do offer a quick childlike diversion. What you need to do is grab your melting cones and sticky sundaes and make a beeline for the outdoor patio. With a spoon in your hand, summer breeze in the air, and a sorbet sunset in the background, you might just understand what life (or at least, ice cream) was created for.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/21/2011,11/6/2011,67,288,4,6,4>I visited Ena's along with several other Yelpers and I really wasn't quite sure what to expect.   I don't go to Linden often (or ever) and it was dark, so I wasn't sure if it'd be easy to find.The good news: It was!I spotted it right away and the parking in back was very convenient.The crabcakes were good, plenty of crab, and they came with a curry gravy that suited the food well.  But after eating it, for the rest of the night I had a weird case of the hiccups that wouldn't let me stop tasting the crabcakes over and over and that was just disturbing.Also, somehow I missed the plantains on the menu and so only got to try them off somebody else's plate.  They were very good, much better than the rice I got to accompany my dinner.The mac and cheese was comforting but a little on the bland side.  I guess I'm getting spoiled and like mine to have a sharper cheese taste or crumbs on top or something.  So while I'm not over the top in love with Ena's, I do think I'd go back to try the plantains and the jerk chicken.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,11/5/2011,125,65,6,3,2>I have been to Sunflower more than enough times for it to have earned a review! My Asian and wannabe-Asian friends love to go here for dim sum on Sundays once every month or two. It's a great brunch option, and the more friends you bring, the better!What is dim sum, you ask? Basically, a wonderful tapas-like brunch that takes place in a large room with many closely-spaced tables at which little Chinese women wheel around carts full of small dishes with 3-4 pieces of food on each one. The Asianest person at your table orders (if you all fail the Asian test, just point to the dish(es) you want and hope for no chicken feet), and each cart-manager stamps a placard corresponding to the number and size you ordered. There are also random waiters that wander around and bring you water and tea (and chopsticks, if and when you drop them on the ground).Every week, you'll see some consistency in what they bring out, and some variation, too. There are always lots of shrimp dumplings, steamed pork buns, baby bok choy, and taro cakes (large flat rectangles made of taro, a root vegetable; they usually don't do much for me but last week they were so tasty!). You can order off the special menu, too, and they'll bring out normal sized dishes of whatever you order (beef chow fun will rock your world). There's a dessert cart that comes around at the end (if it comes too soon, tell them to go away) with sesame balls filled with red bean paste, egg custards, boba tea, and so on. They are even willing to split your check at the end. Your meal will probably come out to $10-15, depending on how stuffed you want to be and how many friends you brought.THE GOOD: Delicious, authentic dim sum every Sunday (and presumably Saturday too?) starting at 11:00am. THE GREAT: Seeing your Asian food snob professor at dim sum two times in a row.THE UGLY: When your professor asks you what your favorite dish is, and you have to say "beef chow fun" as you hang your head in shame at your insufficient fobbiness.Whether you're an Asian food snob, an Asian food lover, or just an Asian wannabe, Sunflower will delight your heart and satisfy your palate.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,11/4/2011,57,115,2,5,3>This place was AWESOME!Every Tuesday...or as often as we can...my friend, Julie, and I do our usual PGFT dinner (platonic girlfriend Tuesdays) to catch up on life and what is happening. We decided to hit this place up. Julie had been before. I had not, but was ready for an experience.I ended up ordering the B.E.L.T. sandwich with steamed broccoli and a side salad along with a Sam Adams Summer Ale. Our server was freakin' awesome (great job Laura!) and super attentive...not just to our table, but all her tables. When our beers came, our server poured them for us in cold pint glasses, which was fantastic for how hot it was outside. I didn't expect the beer pouring from the server but it was a nice treat. My (house) salad came shortly after and was super delic! Bacon, tomatoes, variety of greens, onions, thousand island = yum. Next Julie's hummus platter and my B.E.L.T. came out and I was seriously shocked at the size of my sandwich. It was HUGE! Needless to say the broccoli was perfectly steamed and overall just everything was excellent. I couldn't have asked for a better meal from the recent stressful days. So here I sit, awaiting for lunch-time to roll around at work and I'm anxious about eating the other half of my sandwich from yesterday. The atmosphere was super friendly, relaxed, normal noise level I'd say but more on the quiet side of normal. This would make a great place for a first date.Overall, GREAT experience. I loved the place. I'll definitely be back...more than likely within the next week or two again. Freggin' awesome. If you haven't been yet...go! :)D
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,11/3/2011,17,49,2,4,4>This place doesn't look like much from the outside but, man, the food is good. So good that I am taking the time to write his review in the midst of an exciting NBA game.When we first walked in the place was loud and bursting with activity.  There were people watching television, people talking (in what I presume was Vietnamese), bustling employees, and people eating yummy looking food. The service was quick and attentive. We ordered summer rolls to share, a banh mi w/ grilled pork for me, and some sort of rice + different variations of pork dish for my dining partner. Soon after ordering our summer rolls were brought to the table with a brown dipping sauce that had shredded carrots floating in it. I was very pleased to see two huge whole shrimp inside each roll as well as some pork. Tasty. Pretty much right as we were finishing our rolls our server brought out the rest of our food. My partner really enjoyed his rice + pork dish that came with a couple of sauces and broths to spoon over the rice...But, I'm not here to talk about rice, I'm here to tell you about the amazing banh mi w/ grilled pork that I had. That banh mi was so good it deserves it's own paragraph. First, let's talk about the bread. The warm, crispy, chewy, toothsome bread. It was like a French baguette but, a little different and from what I have heard banh mi bread is different from a French baguette in the way that it is made from both rice and wheat flour. Either way, it was delicious. Next, let's talk about the fillings...the cucumber, the spiced grilled pork, the pate, the creamy mayo, the hot peppers, the cilantro...I could do this all day, you know? But, I'll stop and just tell you that it was like the best fireworks show ever in my mouth. Everything worked perfectly with each other, the mayo and the cucumber cooled the spice of the pork + the peppers, the cilantro added that bright fresh flavor that so much food needs but, is often neglected of, and the bread added lovely heartiness and a comfort food component to the over-all sandwich. I really don't think I've ever had a more perfectly put together sandwich. However, the pièce de résistance of the whole meal  was the chili sauce that you can spoon out from a jar onto your plate to use however you want or into any of their sauces for your rice, etc. I'm a junkie for this type of thing and always keep jars of sambal oelek and tuong ot toi in my own fridge to add to almost everything and I can say that what they have sitting in that little inconspicuous container on their tables is a million times better than whatever I have in my fridge. It's also better than different versions of the same stuff I've had at other restaurants. It's super spicy and bright with vinegar so if you aren't a fan of either flavors just save this stuff for people like me who can't get enough. It reminded me of what the sun may taste like if the sun was edible...fresh, bright, and tongue scorching. I loved it. After lunch I came home and took a nap only to later wake up with thoughts of that spicy chili sauce and delicious sandwich. I think I'm addicted.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,11/2/2011,57,205,,3,4>When I went to Haiku, it wasn't really for the sushi. It was for the incredibly appealing decor (inside and outside!). The patio is just too pretty, and the inside is equally as relaxing and clean. I went with two girlfriends for a lunch. I got pad thai, while one friend got vegetarian sushi rolls and the other got lettuce wraps. Our server was, honestly, amazing. He was so nice and so fun to talk to. He was incredibly friendly and helpful with any questions we had on the menu. He knew everything. And even when my pad thai was covered in sprouts (I asked for no bean sprouts), he immediately noticed when it had come out and insisted he take it back and they make me a new dish. But I really didn't want a huge plate of food to go to waste, so I insisted that it really was ok! The pad thai portion was so huge that I had to take it home. It was good (no real complaints on my dish) and I really enjoyed the overall experience. My one friend liked her sushi rolls while my other friend wasn't incredibly happy with the taste of the lettuce wraps. I also tried a little bite and it was just a different type of flavor.. I can't quite pinpoint it. But not as flavorful as the ones you would get at pf changs, for example.It's nice that they have a private lot - it says "valet" but really you just park there and it's free. I do remember being slightly uncomfortable with the seats inside - I don't think they have backs to them and you're more sitting on a glorified bench, but it was all going with the theme of the room. There's a huge floor table at the front of the room we were sitting in, which I assume is one of those tables you sit at for a birthday dinner or with a large group of people. Kind of like the outdoor table with the white flowy curtains around it - it's a beautiful looking table where you would want to sit when having a nice dinner with a group of 8+ people. So overall, can't speak much about the sushi (yet!), but the service and decor alone were enough to encourage me back for another visit,
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,11/1/2011,121,124,2,4,2>I love breakfast, whether it be classy and a little pricey or cheap and a bit more basic. Jack & Benny's is as good as it gets when it comes to diners. This place is always busy; make sure you get your name on the list next to the door when you walk in, or you'll never get a table. This place is cramped and a little dingy...and that's exactly why I like it.I've now been here twice, ordering the Jack Buster both times. This plate isn't for the weak of heart (or anyone who is at risk for heart disease). Biscuits, a nice peppered gravy, hash brows, eggs (over easy, please!), and buttered rye toast. My stomach grumbles a little bit just thinking about it.Another big plus about Jack & Benny's? Their coffee is actually not your standard diner sludge, but it's pretty tasty.A caveat: Don't plan on splitting the bill or asking for separate checks. One check per table here.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,10/31/2011,94,224,4,8,5>Yes, I'm a fan... A huge fan!! Why it took me so long to try this place out - I don't know. It's in a strip mall of course, so it doesn't look like much from the outside... but when you walk in, what a surprise!! Very nice and elegant!! There is a very nice bar area with all the top-shelf brands!! A very nice wine selection, all of which is prominently displayed in a huge floor to ceiling cabinet. The gentleman that seated us was very nice and polite! Our server was also very sweet... we wanted for nothing the entire meal... water always filled without ever asking (one of my peeves). The menu offers more Chinese than Thai entrees. Of course I chose the Thai (Pad Lad Nar)and was VERY pleased!! Awesome flavor, spiced/heated just right (enough to make the nose run, but no tears... LOL). Can't wait to go again!!!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,10/30/2011,45,139,2,3,2>I first discovered love my freshman year of college at OSU! It wasn't my girlfriend du jour that inspired me but the meager 50 foot jaunt across the street to Adriatico's. A Cincinnati transplant, Adriatico's has been serving up quality pies to the student's of Ohio State for years.  Despite the assertions of some other yelpers, Adriatico's does not serve Chicago style pizza, however, the deep dish is still the way to go. The prices here are a little higher than your typical pizza place but between it being extremely filling and extremely tasty it is worth every penny. A couple bits of advice to help you on your way toward ZAvana: 1. Unless you want leftovers for a week or have 5 friends the Buckeye size is not for you2. Order after 5 pm on Monday and Tuesday and mention "Madness" pricing to get a significant discount
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,10/29/2011,60,52,3,3,5>I've been to chocolate cafe several times, but two experiences really stand out.  One was a volunteer meetup to make fleece blankets and another was an unexpectedly large happy hour on a Thursday night.   The food was delicious every time, though I REALLY look forward to their wedding cake martinis.  I might have arrived early at some of these events just so I can try to get two during their great happy hour...Most of all, I have to give a zillion props to the Chocolate Cafe staff for taking such good care of us.  The first time, I kind of forgot to tell them that my group was going to be bringing in yards and yards of fleece, but the staff didn't seem alarmed and went out of their way to accomodate us. The second time, I estimated about 20 attendees and around 50 or 60 people showed up. (note: I'm not that popular. It was for a good and surprisingly popular cause).  Again, the staff managed to serve all of our drinks without anyone having to wait too long.  I'm a giant fan and can't wait to hold another event there.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,10/27/2011,7,33,5,6,4>Pizza House offers good all-around pizza.  What I mean by that is it will satisfy your pizza cravings at any stage:-sober-drunk-hungover-casual-with family-on a dateThe crust is neither thick nor thin, the toppings are neither too much nor too little, and there's just enough grease to satisfy you but not make you feel guilty for eating half a pie!  You know how you only crave Hounddog's when alcohol is somehow involved or you need a bready, greasey, garlicy fix?  Or how you only want Mama Mimi's when you're trying to be healthy or want to impress guests?  Well when I want pizza and Pizza House comes up, I have never once thought, "Nah, not now".  It's just all around good!!PLUS they have an old-school jukebox with selections like N'Sync, the Reality Bites soundtrack, and Jennifer Lopez.  I mean, duh.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,10/26/2011,22,29,5,5,4>I adore this little hole in the wall. When I am here, I feel like I am back  home in CA. Yes, the food here is greasy but for some reason, I don't mind the grease as much. Maybe it's because of the dim lighting? Perhaps...! The pad see ew, fried rice, curry, and pad thai are all delicious. The food here is just PACKED with so much flavor! Oh, and I consider the grocery store next door an added bonus! I can get my Asian groceries following my gorgefest. Who doesn't love that?
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,10/25/2011,15,42,3,4,2>This was honestly one of the best sandwiches of my life. I've eaten plenty of bagel sandwiches in my time, but something about this particular bagel sandwich made the magic happen. Was it the excellent bagel from Block's? Was it the fact that the sandwich was steamed, softening the bagel and melting the cream cheese? Was it the obviously fresh and high-quality ingredients? Was it the friendly owner's neon-green tye-dye momentarily dazzling my senses? I may never know.What you should know, however, is that this is a new (and impressive) food cart that (despite the name) can currently be found in the Short North, Clintonville, and Downtown depending on the time and time of day (see shortnorthbageldeli.com/). You should also know that the particular sandwich I got was the $6 Good Ole Goodale, which has Turkey, Cream Cheese, Tomato, Colby, Avocado, Lettuce, Sprouts, and Honey Mustard on your choice of bagel. I should probably also mention that the Goodale is kind of messy, and, if you are like me, you will probably devor it in a primal and predatory manner that will result in it being all over your face. Or maybe I just have bad table manners in the face of a great sandwich. Regardless, you should go here!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,10/24/2011,53,580,3,5,4>You can't go wrong stoppling at this deli for a sandwich.  There are about 10-15 sandwich options on the blackboard.  I have eaten the Mohawk Stroller, the other one with cranberry jelly, just tried the Black and Blue.  My wife raved about this one so i thought I would try it.  The Black and Blue is messy but one of the best roast beef sandwiches one can get.  My only warning is don't get it to go and try to eat it on the go.  Way too Messy with the Gorgonzola melting along with the sauce running down my fingers.   It is much better priced Deli/Panini sandwiches than the more well known place in German Village.  I also like the food better along with the price.  Expect to pay $7 or $8 for a sandwich.  The place neighbours a small Jeni's which makes it so much more delightful or a quick walk to Shakespeare in the park or to The Book Loft.  It is worth driving in from the Burbs to try.  Service is friendly but they have few workers and they are busy.  Patience and chill attitude helps make it even better.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,10/23/2011,23,12,4,4,4>If Jeni's is my happy place, Whit's is my close to home guilty pleasure happy place.The custard is amazingly creamy and delicious.  They have the standard vanilla and chocolate, then each week there's a magical new flavor of the week.  (The week they had Almond Joy was an incredible week.  Oh goodness.  Toasted coconut custard with chocolate and almonds.)  But don't think just because there are only three flavors available that your options are slim.  They have a long list of sundae toppings and  you can make your own sundae or choose from their list of pre-imagined concoctions available in standard sundae form or as a "Whitser" (read: Blizzard).  I'd do the math and tell you how many possible combinations there are, but my TI-82 is out of batteries.My newest discovery is a single scoop chocolate custard sundae topped with hot caramel sauce and almonds.  Mmm mmm good.Bottom line is, Whit's is some solidly good eats.  (They have savory food, too, but City BBQ is right across the street - I mean, come on.)The Duchess has spoken.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,10/22/2011,97,185,4,2,2>There's something about Zeno's that is comforting to me. I'm going to try my hardest to explain it because I've seen some low star ratings recently.This place is a dive, has some crazy regulars who are hilarious and/or interesting to talk to, has cheap drinks and a decent amount of space to move around in. I enjoy hitting this place up when it's not too busy to grab a booth and just relax a little. It's a great place to go to after work to unwind. Though, if you go during karaoke night or on a Saturday it's still pretty fun. This place attracts a mixed crowd and it's cool seeing everyone intermingling. Somehow I've spent the last two St. Patrick's Days at Zeno's. I had fun, damnit. Maybe it was the people I was with but I'd like to give a little credit to the actual establishment I was in.The food is pretty horrible, I'll say that. I wouldn't dare try a burger or the soup of the day but getting a plate of fries is okay if you're drunk and want to eat something. Maybe it's the quaint neighborhood of Harrison West that makes this bar "feel good" more than it should. I don't know. What I do know is that I can think of a ton more places that I would consider shitty before Zeno's. I guess that's what I'm trying to get at.Someone give me a god damned Zeno's t-shirt.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,10/21/2011,107,100,,4,3>Bubble-me-licious!!!Not really sure what that word is, but I like to translate it as, I now love bubble tea and in turn, this little tea shop. I came over here to try out the location and to also to get some work done since they have wifi here! I ordered a mango bubble tea. The tea was delicious and great on a hot summer day like today. It was packed with flavor and not too icey like some of the bubble teas I have had. I also ordered the cranberry ginger scone and the green tea scone. The green tea scone was a solid A+. The cranberry ginger scone had a kick and was packed with chunks of cranberries. I noticed they also sell all of their teas for those who want to venture making their own without TehKu Tea's help at home.This place is a great stop for those who live close to Dublin and are looking to pop in for a refreshment or snack.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,10/20/2011,129,540,,7,4>I have fond memories of plate lunches from L&L BBQ, a chain with numerous locations throughout Hawaii and the west coast, and was delighted to see this place in the works.  For those reviewers commenting on the number of Chinese and non-Hawaiian dishes, I must say that the menu is comparable to those Hawaiian BBQ places I've visited, focusing on quick and inexpensive plate lunches (which I believe derived from Japanese bento boxes).The boy and I came here on a Sunday evening, and I was pleased to see that they are open until 10 PM.  We were politely greeted by the cashier, who waited patiently while I explained to the boy what this was going to entail.  We ordered the spam musubi, the mahi mahi plate, and the chicken and beef BBQ plate.  These, with drinks, came to just $20.  We got a number, and the food came out to us within minutes.  The mahi mahi plate came with three large fillets, breaded with crisp panko crumbs.  The beef was tender and tangy with a strong ginger flavor.  The chicken was the best of the three, with traditional dark meat and a nice bite.  There are bins for you to clear your table after you're finished.They do use styrofoam cups and plastic forks, and I would like to see them move towards using actual cups and forks, since they do use real dishes.  I would also like to see mini-plates offered, with a scaled-down serving size, since the two plates we had were extremely generous in portion.  The service was very polite, and they came over a couple of times while we were eating to make sure everything was fine.  We will definitely come here again, especially in the winter to try some of their noodle soups (udon, ramen).
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,10/19/2011,117,189,2,4,4>This "Emperor" is spot on with new groove, so much so, that even Kuzco would be proud. (Disney movies, FTW!)This little gem is nestled right off High St. in the trendy Short North District. Now, as I was window shopping the more expensive boutiques and galleries in the area, I experienced sticker shock when I noticed the affordable prices on the apparel, shoes, and accessories here! Around $60 for a cute dress to wear for a fancy night out with the girls? Yes please! And by yes please, I mean, "I can't decide between two of them, but they are so inexpensive and flattering I'm buying both!" And that I did.The style of dresses and tops here are not like any I have seen in the major department stores. It's the perfect blend of decades old fashion styles meeting today's trends. They do have a limited shoe selection, with even more limited sizes, but I found adorable peep-toe black pumps that matched perfectly with my one shoulder black/paisley dress. All the ladies were jealous! And I of course, directed them to my holy grail find of a store!The staff here greets you upon entering, but don't expect them to bug you as you browse the selections. They actually let you breathe and shop at your leisure, but are quick to offer up help if needed. I do recommend trying on multiple sizes of the same dress, as they don't have the best return policy - so make sure everything fits you like a glove.Also, be sure to check out the clearance section. They have different racks for percentages off, and you can find cute tops for almost half off!If you can't make to the area, be sure to take a gander at their online store.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,10/18/2011,175,131,,3,3>Spagio cellars is a cozy little wine bistro connected to Spagio the restaurant. The vibe is comfortable and the wine and beer selection is abundant. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Last night I had several tastings (try the Gewurztraminer) and a lovely goat cheese, bacon and caramelized onion tart thingie. Spagio cellars  is a perfect spot to meet a friend for a quick dinner or for a romantic date. One tip - the pizzas on the cellar side cost $1 more than on the restaurant side.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,10/17/2011,56,78,2,7,7>People think that they can't go to record stores if they don't have a record player. In most cases, they'd be right. But not in the case of downtown's Spoonful Records, a new vinyl shop that opened just a few months ago. Of course the store has a cornucopia of records: vinyl old and new alike. That's of course what you'd expect. The catch is, not all of the vinyl at Spoonful Records are for playing music. How can that be, you ask? Spoonful Records got extremely creative with their old vinyl and have lots of fun products that were made by a local artist out of records that are too scratched up and no longer can play music. They have cut, twisted, bent, and molded old records into everfyday items, such as sketchpads, notebooks, bookends, business card holders, pencil holders, desk organizers and dishes. I KNOW, fun right?! These items are PERFECT gifts that double not only as useful household items, but pieces of art! You just can't resist buying something at Spoonful Records, especially since they are very reasonably priced. It's fun to find items that happen to have an artist you like, as well. For instance, I got a sketchpad with a Bob Dylan record for the cover. It's great. The clerk at the store made an excellent point while I was there; there are not many places at all downtown if you need to step out on your lunch break and get a quick gift. Shopping is very limited in downtown Columbus. But keep in mind that Spoonful Records has a ton of fun ideas for music lovers!A pinball machine is like the cherry on top of the record store cake here, and if you want to buy records but have nothing to play them on, the store also has record players at pretty good prices!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,10/16/2011,9,51,,4,4>Although I grew up in a hockey-lovin town, it was the Columbus Blue Jackets who taught me to enjoy hockey. Quiet down, haters! I know they don't win/have only once been in the playoffs/etc. The winning isn't what brings me to the game, it's the energy of the players....and, let's be real here, the very affordable tickets. $25 tickets to see some of the best players in the world? yes, please!Also, the cool part of me doesn't want to tell you this, but I like some of the cheesy prizes they give you at the gate. Jackets Mug? drink from it every day! Jackets Calendar? mark off the days on it. Creepy Bobblehead of Rick Nash? Ok, that went straight out the door.The Blue Jackets will probably, maybe, who knows, stranger things have happened, be a super winning team. But part of me hopes they don't get So Big that I can't afford tickets, while another part hopes they do start winning more so that they stay.And, in the mean time, I will be going to watch the games. yay!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,10/15/2011,115,228,6,10,8>I would firstly like to address the negative reviews that allude to Vic's (the cafe/bar that used to be in that space). The Shrunken Head is not Vic's.  I'm sure everyone is quite sorry that your previous favorite hangout is gone, but slamming TSH for things that Victorian's used to do, have, serve, or whatever, is like slamming the pho place in Lane Ave. because they are in an old Taco Bell but they don't serve tacos.  It's a different establishment now.  It's not Vic's anymore.  Move on.That having been said, I continue to enjoy The Shrunken Head.  They have great drink specials (I'm always able to buy melanie b. a PBR or two without it breaking my budget), a new pizza menu (my favorite is the prosciutto--delicious), and friendly staff that I have never had to hunt down for service.  Food is brought to my table, even when it's in "bar" mode rather than restaurant mode.  (I've had their older food, too--I was served a perfectly serviceable burger that, while not a glorious burger such as you'd get at Thurman's, was fine for cheap bar nosh.)  Have I mentioned that they have a prosciutto pizza?! They don't skimp on the pork, either.  The highlight of my Shrunken Head experience continues to be Enter the Batcave on Thursday nights.  If you're tired of experiencing Ladies' 80's with a mob of drunken fratboys mixed in with a mob of drunken nostalgic middle-aged wish-they-were-in-college-still office drones, hop on down to Enter the Batcave.  Our lovely DJ plays Nick Cave, Joy Division; you won't hear Love Shack, and I'm completely fine with that.  Listen not to haters living in the past.  See for yourself!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,10/14/2011,68,133,12,6,4>To paraphrase Queen, "Is this El Vaquero? Is this just fantasy?"With all due respect to Rancho Alegre, if you dropped me into the dining room blindfolded, served me the complimentary chips and salsa, a frozen strawberry margarita, and my entree, I would never in a million years guess that I was not in an El Vaquero location. The two establishments are amazingly similar, from the choice of entrees (which you order by number of course), to the interior decor, to the clientele and waitstaff. This is not a knock on Rancho Alegre, as familiarity is always comforting, and El Vaquero does "palatable Mexican food for white people" very, very well. Why not make a few bucks off of a pretty solid concept? Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, so I'm told. I've been here for lunch a few times and the service is always quite friendly (although ever so slightly on the slow side) and the food is consistently good. I usually order the lunch special fajitas (a great deal for the price and amount of food you get, I believe it's around $7). There are 8 or so lunch specials on offer and none are more than $10. You can, of course, order off the regular menu for the dinner-sized portion if you're in the mood for unleashing hellacious flatulence upon your enemies at the office when you return.I can't see coming in here just for drinks for happy hour, because the bar seems rather beer and margarita-centric. I made the mistake of asking for shots, which thoroughly confused the young man behind the bar. A request for a Captain & Coke (not my order) was also greeted with a quizzical expression. Just ask for a Corona or a margarita like a good gringo and you'll be fine.Also, the exterior is indeed a little shady (it's a former Tee Jayes for Chrissakes) and the surrounding area has the ambiance and curb appeal of a federal prison. However, be thankful that the Knights Inn (which was a genital wart on the penis of humanity) across the street has been torn down.Bottom line - if you like El Vaquero, you'll love Rancho Alegre. Check it out.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,10/13/2011,9,16,,2,2>I've been to a lot of sushi restaurants in the Columbus area and so far Kooma is my favorite.  The fish itself always seems to be fresh and of high quality.  The range of options gives enough variety so you don't feel as though you have to eat the same thing every time you visit but isn't as overwhelming as some sushi menus can be.  The seaweed salad is delicious and I can't pass up the miso soup.  The interior is small but I've never had to wait for more than 15 minutes for a seat, and I've never had a complaint about the service.  If members of your group aren't in to sushi, they do offer a selection of cooked items from the kitchen.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,10/12/2011,42,196,,3,2>First time here today, very impressed. Loved the fire fries, the gyro sauce was delicious and a sign of good things to come. Very unique dish as well.Ordered the beef shawarma, loved it. The hummus was top notch, probably not the best ever but solid. My friend ordered the spicy lamb gyro and let me taste it. Oh my was it good, probably better than my shawarma.The owner actually greeted us when he found out we were first timers. Nice touch. I will be back here with friends and this will be my go to Mediterranean place from now on.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,10/11/2011,52,136,,4,1>This place deserves 5 stars. Movies are $1-2, it is an easy to get to location no matter where in town you live, and it is clean. The shopping center is nice, and despite the 45 minute parking closest to the theatre (which is understandable for the other shops in the center), it is pretty hassle free to get in and out. They have a good selection of films, and just last week Suzette and I saw a film that was still playing at Easton Town Centre (where we would have paid $9.50 each to see).The concession stand of course is the same price everywhere else in town for stale movie theatre popcorn. But you only pay $2 for a ticket so it still comes out to be a cheap date!All in all, this place has stood the test of time and has become a Columbus institution.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,10/9/2011,56,151,3,2,2>A friend suggested we stop for a quick bite here before the movies.  I had been wanting to try Marcella's for quite some time now, and since we were pressed for time it was a very convenient choice!  Happy hour runs from 4-7p, and they have multiple appetizers, paninis, and pizzas for 1/2 price...what a steal.  After a quick misunderstanding with one of the servers in the bar area, we grabbed the last open table.  While reading over the menu, we decided to start with the arancini (fried cheesy risotto balls).  The risotto was perfectly cooked with lots of cheesy goodness mixed in.  Next came the roasted chicken pizza, topped with gorgonzola, some other unlisted cheese (probably provolone), and parmesan onions.  It was also supposed to have an apricot and chili flake "jam" on top but after another misunderstanding with the same server, we had to ask for a side of it so we could put it on ourselves.  We were glad they forgot to put this on, as it was quite spicy- even though we were told it wasn't.  We ordered the double chocolate torte to go, as our server took roughly 15 minutes to deliver our check (only after asking for it 2-3 times for it) and we had a movie to get to.  The slice of torte was surprisgly small, but pretty good...fudgy and not too sweet.  The even smaller scoop (about 4 spoons) of pistacio gelato was very good and paired perfectly with the torte.The food was great, and the prices were even better.  Although the service wasn't the best (and it wasn't even that busy), I will definitely be returning here and would recommend it to others!
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,10/8/2011,93,276,4,5,4>I have just 3 words to describe Brothers Drake: OM NOM NOM! So delicious! I've done a couple tastings now and taken home a few bottles and have not been disappointed. I personally love the Hopped Traditional for an after work glass; the Pillow Talk to sip in the evening as a bit of dessert; and the Apple Pie makes a great fall tradition. The tasting room is beautiful and the live music on weekend evenings creates a great atmosphere. I love the staff's enthusiasm and knowledge!If you haven't yet, be sure to stop in and do a tasting. I can almost guarantee you will find something to fall in love with and take home.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,10/7/2011,123,50,8,11,5>I went here (sometime in December) after reading all the reviews from fellow Yelpers.  I had a difficult time with parking, but what matters is I got there.  I entered the salon through the back entry and was greeted right away by a friendly receptionist.  She checked me in and I filled out some paperwork since it was my first time.  The salon is nicely decorated, mostly contemporary style with open setting.  Didn't matter where you were in the salon, I felt pretty comfortable due to the open layout of the salon.    Shortly afterwards, my stylist Amie came by to introduce herself and we did the meet and greet.  She took me to her station and asked me about what I had in mind regarding my hair.  She really listened to what I was saying and made suggestions.  After through deliberation, we decided to color my hair back to my natural hair color (somewhere in the super dark brown zone) and gave me a nice wispy bangs that I can either keep it down or do the side sweep thing.  Throughout my whole session, she made sure that I was comfortable, thoroughly explained what she was doing, what she was going to do, and really made me feel I  had her full attention.  After the coloring, cutting, and styling, I was very satisfied with what she had done for me.  Oh and even while she was styling my hair (blow-drying, etc) she gave me a easy to follow lesson as how to easily add volume and styling.  From the moment I entered the salon to the moment I walked out, I felt completely pampered and extremely well taken care of.  Amie made me feel not only an important client, but she made me feel like visiting a good friend.  Amie not only has the skills to do miracles with your hair, but she really understand the individuality of each client (well, me in this case) and know how to tailor that specific style for you.  I know I will be definitely  returning to see Amie for my next appointment!!!I would highly recommend Akada Hair Salon for anybody.  If you don't know what you really want, Amie and other stylist will be sure to help you achieve the style that is just you!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,10/6/2011,185,387,4,4,6>I've been here twice now-- and I'm glad I waited to post my review. The thing about Orange Leaf is... you'll probably think about going there a lot between visits. I found myself CRAVING this stuff even though I'm not much of a desserty person.It really is a fun environment, like FroYo in Candyland or Willy Wonka's factory. You can pull the levers on the wall for a self-serve-soft-serve experience. Pull the middle lever between two combos and you get a twist. Don't feel bad about getting the plain tangy yogurt, because you can jazz it up with all the incredible toppings available (boba! fresh fruit! crushed fruit! candy! baked goods! nuts! your mom!). I feel like if I get a flavored flavor, I'm much more limited in my toppings. Decide if you're in a flavor mood or a topping mood, I guess.The decor is great. I loved all the tiny glass tile, flatscreens, etc. Also the chairs and tables make me think of kindergarten snack time, but in a good way. This place is full of whimsey and fun. There's also a loyalty program and facebook bonuses. Check it out, if you're into that sort of thing. Every time I've been in though, it's been empty! I can't figure out why, except that maybe normal people don't get frozen yogurt fun time at 1:30 pm on a weekday. So, hop to! I don't want this place to close.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,10/5/2011,135,164,7,7,5>I cannot explain how freaking ecstatic I am about this place's existance.  I no longer have to haul ass to MiLi's Cafe on Cleveland Ave to get my Bahn Mi fix.  I can just drive down the street from my house.  wooooot! :)This restaurant is opened by the sister of MiLi's Cafe owner.  So the menu is almost identical and so is the food.  The decor is actually not so in your face football-y as the restaurant's name might suggest.  I got the cold cut pork slice Bahn Mi.  The french bread was crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside.  The cold cuts were delicious and the mix of sweet, salty, spicy, and tangy made possible by cilantro, jalapenos, pickled carrots, and pate was amazing.  I also tried the Vermicelli noodles with grilled pork and a spring roll inside.  It had chopped peanuts, cilantro, bean sprouts, green onions, and other goodies inside as well a side of a sweet broth.  Quite tastey!The service was awesome.When it gets a little cooler out, I'll be back for some Pho - pho sho!  har har.  sorry. :-/
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,10/4/2011,44,25,,4,2>Deep in heart of campus a long lonely stretch named 4th street takes in the evil shamrock towing and party goers seeking their indulgences of the night. You may have only glanced at the ghostly buildings that stand on this street as you race down towards hudson seeking your final destination bar or residence. But slow down before you turn on those afterburners and check out the heart warming joyous pool hall sacred to those that live in 4th street's canopy. Enter Suzie Cue........ located around 17th and 4th, it is obviously not a place to bring your prom date or to hold a business meeting, that is unless you are in the business of COOL! 10 pool tables with 1.00 games each, fascinating people of 4th, over 7 gleaming television screens playing any sport from football to basketball, music for hours, and did I mention a world beer tour in which after you complete (no simple feat) gets you a $20 tab that you and your hooligan friends cause you to sing the night away.Personally, this yelper is friends with the staff and has seen a fair share of people come and go with smiles on their face. Although you may feel the looming presence of the seedy outside calling you, Suzie Cue is packed with classy gentleman and the minority of college students. You said you wanted a cultured bar? Last night on my adventure I learned that it is also a local hotspot for pregame crew soccer games from a dazzling bartender named BK. My kind of place....**FYI - Students play free when present a buck-id.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,10/3/2011,114,521,8,20,14>After a long wait from the "Opening Soon!" to the "Now Open!", I was finally able to check out Mosley's Meat Market. A butcher within biking distance of my house is something I was looking forward to, and once I had a chance to visit, I was not disappointed.The shop itself has a very clean, almost spartan look. Bright, shiny tile walls, the full cases showing off different cuts of beef, pork, and chicken, and several different types of pork, beef, and chicken sausages. A 7-up cooler for drinks, and a case for deli meats and cheeses that can be sliced to order, and a few small grocery items (noodles, bread, some limited vegetables). They also provide sandwiches if you're in the mood for some lunch, and the prices looked very reasonable for the portions.The butchers behind the counter are happy to talk to you about their product and cut or grind to order, and you can stock up very quickly with little trouble - after one visit to see what they had, I left with three pounds of beef and sausage. A few weeks later and I was stocking up on sausage, ground beef, chicken, spare ribs, and seriously debating picking up one of their custom meat packages next time to provide more variety and save on the order.Mosley's is also making a big deal about having all of their meats come from local Ohio farmers, and the quality of everything I've tried has been excellent. If they can continue to provide the same level of quality, service, and price, I look forward to making them a regular part of my grocery shopping routine.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,10/2/2011,16,48,,7,4>As seems to be the trend with my wife and I when we go out to try a new place for lunch each week that we're off together; We found ourselves in the Carrige Place vicinity pushing the late lunch early dinner time frame by the time we got done with our chores/errands (we both work predominantly second shift hours any way so we're used to eating later than most). It was between Bollywood Bistro and Sun Tong Luck and we weren't really feeling indian food. So we gave Sun Tong Luck a whirl.I have to admit I rolled my eyes a little after looking at the menu posted on the door that was complete with questionable use of english (kinda like my reviews) and a typed up paper sign below it claiming their General Tso's and Sesame Chicken were the best in the city. We almost turned around and walked down to Bollywood Bistro. I am very glad we didn't.When you go inside it looks just like any one of hundreds of other chinese take out places in Columbus. It's got a small dining area with a mix match of different style tables laid out in front of a counter that leads directly back into a small kitchen. Above the counter is the typical menu board with pictures of popular items printed out on computer paper. It's no Hunan Lion when it comes to dining room ambience. When it comes to the food it's more.What sets this place apart is what's going on in that small kitchen behind the counter. The food is excellently prepared and very fresh. As the owner enthusiastically put it when I went back to the counter to compliment her on how great my meal was: "We take no shortcuts!" If that doesn't seem like a big deal to you then you're probably one of the people who assume (wrongly) that most places you eat (except for fast food) are preparing most things from scratch. They aren't. The chef as well as ownership of this place are not only very friendly, but they also clearly have a passion for what they are doing that shows in their food.Even though I didn't really take it seriously at first I was still pretty much taunted into ordering the General Tso's by the sign on the door. The sign is not false advertising. It is the best in the city that this Chef has had. The chicken is hand cut and battered chicken, not the processed pre-battered chunks most places use. It fries up to a nice and thin but crispy shell on the tender pieces of chicken. Given the thin nature of the batter I'm not sure how well it would hold up if taken for take out, but it'd still probably be better than most. The sauce was delicious as well, not as spicy as I'd like, but thats an easy fix. It didn't taste like the corn-syrupy pre-made brown sauce based sauces that many places use.This (and the last review I did for Taste of Bali) are a reminder to heed the old saying; "don't judge a book by it's cover". A restaurant may look like a cookie cutter strip mall joint, and if it does, it probably is, but it never hurts to try it out anyway. You never know when you're missing out on a gem of a place like this one.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,10/1/2011,902,285,5,7,5>Umm...::scarfs down a dozen brownies (and blondies!)::::curls up in a ball of sugar coma::I know, I know. Everyone ELSE in the world already knows how delicious the damn things are. But for some reason I put off trying brownie bliss until this past weekend, as part of the Columbus Food Adventures dessert tour.I want these brownies with me at my deathbed, so that I may die happy.Some of my favorites - drunken chunky (chocolate chunks, pecans, bourbon), Tahiti (cashews, white and dark chocolate, coconut, pineapple), American beauty (chocolate peanuty butter.) Ok, they were all my favorites.Also, the decor of this place is ADORABLE. Apparently most people just grab brownies to go, but the book in the back has comfy chairs (and a player piano! awwa) perfect for lounging.It's really neat that they use every part of the brownie in different ways. They fresh bake every morning, and since they cut round brownies for sale, they toss the edges in a back and sell it as "pocket change," and then use leftover brownies at the end of the day in candy, ice cream and pie crust. No brownie left behind!In a sidenote, owner Mark Ballard might be the nicest man on the planet.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,9/30/2011,278,274,,7,2>Creekside is really an idyllic retreat.  The paths are great for exercise, romantic strolls or dog walking.  They are well maintained.In the summer, you can rent a little paddle boat to explore with.The fountains are beautiful and overall the space is lovely.Great happy hours at Signatures across the street, Old Bag of Nails and the Pour House.  If you need bug spray, wander over to Honey Grove Botanicals, they have an AWESOME all natural spray I swear by.  It smells like Lipton's Brisk (if you remember that) lemon iced tea that came in cans.  :)  You can even spray it on the dogs to keep them comfy too.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,9/29/2011,57,91,,3,3>Yerba Buena is one of my favorites amongst all the food trucks that have been popping up around Columbus these days. I had the chicken patacon as my main dish. A large fried plantain covered with shredded chicken, lettuce, cheese, avocado, and cilantro salsa. Flavors tasted great together, definitely a winner! Perfect with a Mexican coke.The sides I tried were plantains and chicharron. The plantains were average but still yummy, you really can't go wrong with any sort of fried plantain. The chicharron (fried pork belly) was crispy & flavorful. You get 2 pieces so share with a friend and you'll feel less guilty about indulging in fried, fatty deliciousness. Parking is easy, staff is friendly, wait time is quick (although I went at a weird time, I would imagine it gets pretty busy during the lunch & dinner rush). I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,9/28/2011,309,391,3,2,3>The Mojo TaGo truck is a brightly colored behemoth of a truck. Very much bringing the LA food truck scene and landing it smack in the middle of Columbus. And like any good food truck, you're going to have to hunt them down - luckily they provide a calendar on their website so you can plan out the day you get punched in the mouth with flavor.Mojo TaGo is so good.How good is it?So good, I ate Mojo TaGo twice in one weekend.I started out easy, 2 tacos for $5. For those of you keeping track at home, that's roughly $1 more per taco than most taco trucks in town. But most taco trucks in town don't pack their corn tortillas this full of delicious meat! I tried the carne asada and the carnitas. The asada is marinated in a thick spicy sauce, then topped with gaucamole salsa, cabbage and pico de gallo. While the asada is delicious, the carnitas taste even better. Seriously slow cooked pork, topped with grilled pineapples, red onions and cilantro. Totally worth the $5 price tag.For $7 the next day, I picked the specialty quesadilla - imagine the carnitas taco stuffed inside of a flour tortilla, add cheese and then melted into perfection. And then I was asked if I wanted fresh jalapenos. Um, yes please! A side of sour cream cheese? Um, yes please!Mojo TaGo hit every single pleasure receptor in my mouth. They're a serious contender for Best Taco Truck in Columbus.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,9/27/2011,126,537,2,4,3>Love it! As a transplant from California I'm used to having endless choices for Asian food. Luckily this place satisfies many of my Asian food needs. I've come here several times and have never been disappointed. This is also probably because my expectations are not very high. However I am happy to say that you really get quite the bang for your buck here, and the quality of the food is decent. It's a little jarring that one restaurant serves so many different types of cuisines (Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese..) but they are relatively competent at all of them. The beef noodle soup is decent. It will do when the cravings come. I had their pad thai (with chicken) recently and the portion was so big it lasted me three hefty meals. I found the dan dan mein to be lackluster and kind of strange (imagine Chinese spaghetti with ground meat) but it won't stop me from trying other items on their menu. The pho looks like it will hit the spot when the cold weather creeps up. I can't wait to try it! Also if you order take out, they are SUPER quick! 5-10 min over the phone. They also have drive through. Weird and convenient.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,9/26/2011,182,928,,5,1>A lot can change in the restaurant business but here's one that hasn't changed at all.  I used to bring my wife and kids here twenty years ago, long before we had the variety of Mexican restaurants that we do now.So today I came for lunch.  I had a platter with a burrito and a tortilla and mexican rice.  The grand total was $4.95.  Can you believe that??!!  It's a little too far for me to come regular but once in a while.  And the food was delicious!  The sauce was great and the salsa was too.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,9/25/2011,370,523,5,5,3>I've been going to High Beck off and on for 5 years. There's a lot of good things about it! 1) The owner and bar tenders are great! Amazing even. It's almost as if they know what you need before you need it. 2) Ping Pong- for freeee! 3) decent food. 4) Moderately clean bathrooms. 5) strong drinks.6) I met my boyfriend for the first time there!There's one thing that keeps High beck from the 5 star mark! Twice now, I have gone to High Beck for Happy Hour and it hasn't been too happy for me because of a RETIREMENT party over taking the majority of the bar. It makes for an awkward time of a bunch of people celebrating some old guy you don't know and then you and your friends trying to enjoy Friday night.I think it's pretty odd this has happened to me here more than once.On another note, if you are planning a retirement party....apparently High Beck is the place!
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,9/24/2011,884,714,21,13,14>I suppose it's about time I write a review for Union. I fucking love this place and I've been here a ton. I only have a small group of friends that I come here with, the closest of whom is moving =(, but I always have a blast and usually meet some interesting people as well. Obvious Alert: yes, it's a gay bar. But that by no means indicates that it isn't a-ok for the straights. Granted, you see less straight guys than straight girls, but I would encourage anyone to give it a try. Hell, a month ago, 85% of the regulars on the Yelp app were straight. Probably my least favorite thing about going here is that I can dress pretty darn sharp for a straight guy when I want to, but I get like an E on the gay guy scale. I think the main reason I have such a good time is the music. God, I can't believe I'm about to state this openly in an online review, but here goes: I'm having a secret affair with Top 40 Pop. FUCK YOU, IT'S MY LIFE! I'm a former raver (I'd still be a current raver if anywhere closer than Detroit or Chicago still threw raves), and look, I just like dance music, okay? And that's all top 40 pop is anymore...so yeah, I go to Union and listen to Lady Gaga with people who won't judge me!!!! So sue me!!!The best night to go, imo, is Thursday. It's $3 long island night. Those drinks are strong so use caution. SERIOUSLY, USE CAUTION. Pro tip: Order the Black Widow. It's $2 more ($5 is still cheap), but tastes way better. It's one of their takes on a long island. It's like a berry iced tea or something and it's delicious. It's even more dangerous than the regular long islands. Oh, by the way, the food is quite decent as well.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,9/23/2011,82,150,3,9,6>What an adorable place! Thank you Yelp friends for helping me find this little gem. Grand Day Cafe is bright and cheerfully eclectic. I was a bit overwhelmed by all delicious the menu choices - do I get the avocado benedict or the chorizo and eggs with salsa, or the plantain crepes? What a fantastic dilemma for a foodie! I settled on a Greek omelet and husband had the aforementioned chorizo & eggs. The food seemed to come out in about a minute and a half. I think it was the fastest I have ever been served in my life! Everything was fresh and delicious, and fairly affordable: $5.50 for simple eggs bacon and toast, up to $8 for specialty dishes. I'll have to come back for dinner ( and dessert!) sometime soon. As I was leaving, the cashier said happily, "Have a Grand Day!" I think I will, thanks!
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2011,9/22/2011,1214,553,4,3,4>Club 20 really is A-OK!After another unsuccessful trip to St. James Tavern (they were slammed once again), SaRea S. decided to take us to Club 20. I was feeling totally dive-ish, and I just wanted some cheap drinks and even cheaper gossipy convo. And Club 20 did not disappoint!  There wasn't anything spectacularly awesome or terrible about this hole-in-the-wall. We all had a great time and could actually hold a conversation, and the drinks were strong and cheap.Oh, and the jukebox is fabulous - if you're a gay man. Luckily, I am.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,9/21/2011,8,114,,6,4>The food is fresh, the resturaunt is neat and clean. The staff will get you just about anything you want, however you want it. The format is reminiscent of Chipotle or Piada, which are all within walking distance within this business. They have a variety of flavors and your options come in a burrito or a bowl. The bowl is giant sized. The Baklava is really good. Its a simple place with a lot of different flavor options. Its worth stopping by to try for something different.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,9/20/2011,189,38,3,5,4>Northstar was the first restaurant I went to after I moved to Columbus, and I hope it's the last. While I still can't figure out what it is, exactly (is it a bar, because they've got great beers and good wine? Is it a cafe, because of the casual, Panera-like seating/service? Is it a coffee shop because of all the magazines?), I know one thing is for sure - the food is consistently good. And quite frankly, that's what I pay for, and that's what matters. It's a bit pricier than the atmosphere would lead you to believe, but when you've got something like the Buddha Bowl on the menu, with quite possibly the greenest/freshest veggies around, it's worth slimming my wallet. It's a great place to take friends - it's never loud, but always lively. The service is quick, and the waitstaff act like they've known you for years. Is this the fanciest place in Columbus? No. But is it my favorite? You bet your Buddha Bowl it is.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,9/19/2011,18,52,2,7,5>I could sing the praises of Maria and Brittany forever.  Seriously.  They made a die hard customer out of me after just one purchase!I contacted them a few weeks ago to inquire about a "birthday pretzel", you know, instead of a birthday cake for a friend who doesn't like sweets.  I received an enthusiastic email response from Maria, and emailed back and forth while we figured out when to meet and where since the new space isn't open yet.  I ended up picking it up from Maria's house, and received instructions for heating up the amazing Pretzelsaurus.  Much to my surprise (and delight), not only did I get one giant pretzel, but I got 2!  Since the first was a bit smaller than the usual, they gave me a second more perfect one.  Oh my.  So much delicious pretzel-y goodness.  I presented it to my friend and she was very excited about it.  We warmed it up, and it was perfect!  A yummy balance of flavors (we had the everything variety).  So, in summary, the best customer service I've had in at least the last year, and a wonderful product at a more than fair price.  I can't wait to visit the new location (over and over and over again)!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,9/18/2011,35,66,10,10,>I don't know about the rest of you, but I really don't know squat about Indian food.  Most of my experiences are with lunch buffets, where I grab a plate and accessorize it with different colors of glop.  Spicy green glop, orange glop with chicken, yellow glop with vegetables, various fried starchy nuggets--they're all great, and I can never remember the names of any of anything.That being said, I at least know my good glop from my mediocre glop, and trust me, this place has some really good glop.  The vegetable fritters were delicious and naan was warm and soft.  The Chicken Tiki Masala (I had to look that up, folks) was phenomenal, and just the right amount of spicy.  (I had to reach for my water every 3 bites or so.)  The best part is that their lunch buffet is only $7.99, so coming here often won't break the bank.I will definitely be back here, and maybe the next time I go, I'll actually write down what I'm putting on my plate so that I'll know what to call all of this wonderful food.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,9/17/2011,36,115,3,3,3>While we were at Commonwealth eating our meal, we saw at least 4 other people come in to order/pick-up to go orders.  That should tell you something.  For a place as small as this is (3 tops), they have a large clientele base.  All of the tables were full (people were leaving as we walked in) the entire time we were there.There's a good reason for this.  The food was AMAZING.  We had the pickles, which for $1 are totally worth trying for the taste experience.  Gazpacho, which I thought was tasty, but I am not a gazpacho aficionado by any means.  I had the Sweet and Savory for the main course.  The only thing that made this sandwich better was the brie I added to it this morning when I warmed up the other half of my sandwich on the griddle.  We also got a cone of fries...the mixed bag.  Both varieties were delicious.  The coating on the sweet potato variety was delicate and tasty.  Best sweet potato fries I've ever had. Also, the soda is a must try.  They have it made to order for them, the Vanilla Cream ended up being my favorite (yes I tried them all...what's your point?).Overall, a good place to go.  With dedicated parking, it's a no brainer, easy to get to!  You have no excuses!  Go now!
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,9/16/2011,156,314,18,14,12>I've never been to a place like Darbo Restaurant, but I can't wait to get back.I knew, or had been informed I should say, that the cuisine was a fusion of Somali and Italian tastes- which I did not and do not understand historically, culturally, or gastronomically, but I approve. The joint and its staff were friendly and welcoming, but the place was not very lively custom-wise, save for a brief period when some very excited young men came in to chat with the staff. I ordered the KK Beef Kalenkal which, pardon me, sounds like a Nintendo character. What it is, is, some sort of eerie magic wherein the clouds of heaven are harvested, infused into a cow, and turned into a food that has to be tasted- and wept over- to believe.Spicy, beefy, saucy... and full of "noodles" that were like strips of pita bread. Bread saturating in the sauce?! FUCKING. INGENIOUS. It took what would have been a great meal to dip bread into and turned that shit up to twenty-three. WAMMMMMMMAnother nice touch was the free pitcher of pineapple juice. I can't really describe how nice it felt to be handed complimentary and delicious juice, without even asking for it or expecting it. It was very inviting.I have to remember to make someone take me back here. I need to relive my experience. Just writing about it is making my stomach go coyote.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,9/15/2011,36,34,5,3,3>If you eat ANY pizza in your life, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE eat this one!! Bono's is cozy, friendly, fun, engaging, creative, sharp, warm, authentic, delicious and perfect! My friend treated me to Bono's pizza and man  oh man, did I inhale some personal pizza!Their menu is just long enough to keep you coming back trying new stuff for weeks. Each pie is deliciously hand-crafted (right in front of you if you eat there, which I suggest you do) and made completely fresh to order. Then your pizza is turned so skillfully in an authentic brick oven. Cooked, piping hot, deliciousness is only an entertaining conversation with the owner and cook away.5 stars is being modest. I need a 6th one here.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,9/14/2011,78,138,4,3,3>I haven't even had a chance to get there for lunch, but the wonderful pastries from The Angry Baker are good enough that I could write a novel about them, more than likely.  There's something about a REAL bakery for those of us who were raised in a manner in which items from the Stop N Shop bakery were a 'treat'.  It's a hell of a pleasant surprise when you get to have a creation from someone who knows what they're doing.I got two words for ya -- e clairs.  eclairs.  eclaiiiiiiirrrrrsssssssss.Decadent dark chocolate, light flaky buttery pastry, and a custard filling that you can't help but get all over your hands.  I'm not sure how anyone could be angry after downing one of those. It kinda makes all my cares float away.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,9/13/2011,92,300,1,4,2>My parents had been raving about this place for a while now, which was odd, because they just don't usually go to restaurants like this. So tonight, with my mom on the other side of the world, my dad and I met here for a bite.  We started off with some fried oysters which were awesome. I usually hate cooked oysters, but these were so lightly cooked, delicate and mild, they were almost like eating a raw oyster.   The chopped salad was good, I really liked the dressing. We shared; a grilled tuna steak, which was as grilled and tunaee as you could hope, although not cooked rare as we had asked, a burger, which was cooked perfectly medium rare, and was delicious, onion rings, asparagus, and risotto. I also went for a peach cobbler w/ice cream, which was thoroughly peachy and cobblery.   In the end, my favorite thing about this place is that you can get great onion rings, and great oysters. Great tuna steak,  and a great burger. It's got booths and it's laid back, but still a little nice, and they had a guy playing piano too.   I can't say much about the service. He got our order right, brought things out at the right time, filled our drinks. Pretty bland personality, kind of matter of fact.  I left feeling solid about my experience, but I wasn't blown away by much other than the oysters. However, I rarely leave a place feeling so good about every aspect of a meal. I could see being a regular here if I lived in Grandview.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,9/12/2011,34,61,2,5,3>A co-worker told me about this place a long time ago and kept bothering me to see if I had been.  So I finally made it a point to get there and it was fabulous.  I definitely recommend the happy hour.  I think they have one of the better beer selections in Columbus and at half-price who wouldn't be happy?The pizza is delicious.  They have some crazy concoctions on the menu, but they seem to work really well.  The ingredients seem to be really fresh and high quality.  I've been back several times now and have never had a bad experience.One point to make..the location is not the nicest part of Columbus I've ever been in, but the place has been full every time I've gone.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,9/11/2011,19,85,3,4,3>Kerouac and I are like that annoying couple that's been kindasortof dating for years except not really because they keep breaking up and finding other people, but then stuff doesn't really work out and they get back together because they're used to each other and they have lots of mutual friends and everyone has their faults so whatever.I love Kerouac because the people there are so laid back and you can usually strike up an interesting conversation with someone there. It's definitely an eclectic crowd- a mix of liberal students, crunchy people, local artists/musicians, and the occasional schizo.  If you go often enough you'll notice that there's a pretty strong "regular" crowd there.  I love that they have board games and books and tons of fun stuff to look at, so it's a great place to waste time.  The frilly coffee drinks are pretty good, and the baristas are always willing to whip up something new for you if you ask.  They also have a decent selection of baked goods and beer.But as with any relationship, I've discovered a few things that I'm less fond of about Kerouac. The regular coffee is sometimes bitter and overall sucky.  The tea is overpriced.  It's hard to study there at times because there are so many things going on.Overall: if you're interested in a place to hang out and meet some interesting people, Kerouac is the place to be. If you just want to caffeine up and study in a quiet atmosphere, maybe not so much.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,9/10/2011,42,175,7,7,4>Listen, kids, because your girl Christiana has something to tell you.  That tan I have?  The one that you all can't believe how great it looks?  It's fake.  I KNOW.  I'm only telling you this because I trust you (and it'll just stay between us, right?).  Go to Mukha.  They'll start by giving you a drink and letting you sit on a super comfy tranquil fainting couch.  Then you'll find out they participate in Small Business Beanstalk so you won't ven have to pay full price for services.  I know!!!   Nicole will give you a spray tan and it won't be nearly as weird as that episode of Friends when Ross gets a spray tan.  It's not like that at all!  Nicole will make sure you're the same color everywhere and that it looks natural and normal and NO ONE WILL KNOW (unless you tell them, obvs).  It's still a tiny bit odd (to get a tan this way), but I will take a little odd for the ability to go tan to a wedding with so little effort on my part.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,9/9/2011,61,59,5,5,5>Ray Rays what can I say, you're my BBQ crack heaven...I am largely vegetarian bordering on vegan, BUT, I will throw all my healthy, organic, veggie burger chompin, soy milk quaffing, animal rights  ethics to the wind in a New York second to have Ray Rays beef brisket! (I have a selective conscience lol) And I have been a BBQ hater until now.The brisket sandwich is tender succulent pieces of smoky bovine goodness on a hoagy bun covered in bbq sauce. I agree with Susan R though, I think onions would be a great addition to the sandwich, or at least the choice to have onions. The greens are ok. My friend Tommy makes South Carolina style greens that can't be beat, so I'm not a fair judge after being spoiled by her greens!  But a little bit of Cholula hot sauce and we're in biznazz.The mac n cheese is ok also, nice and creamy. Now the baked beans are awesome, tangy, and smoky sweet, with chunks of tender meat, very yummy.All in all Ray Rays is fast food, so it is what it is. But I'll tell ya, for what it is, it is scrumptious. So, after a week or two of vegetarian good behavior, it's off to Ray Rays for the hook up! Try it, you'll like it, I guarandamntee it.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,9/7/2011,56,17,11,8,7>Luck bros almost got me killed... and how!Those lemon muffins they have are incredible. I was hoping to just have a bite on my drive to work but quickly found myself buried face first in a burst of juicy lemon refreshment.  I had icing on my eyebrows.One taste and I had total disregard for the other commuters. I also knew as soon as that moist and tender muffin hit my lips I wouldn't let it survive long enough to even share a minuscule whiff of its splendid citrus aroma with my co-workers. We wrestled and romped in the front of my car seat as I zigged and zagged through traffic with wanton abandonment. Eventually wrestling the plump and zesty varmint into a headlock where I could finish it off for good. tally: 1 screaming psycho in an SUV with arms in the air and 1 slam on the breaks for a biker.The Novo blend coffee that wasn't splattered all over the inside of my car was delicious and brewed to perfection. The people that work here are straight up nerds about coffee, and I am extremely thankful for that. I am glad they have the time, care and dedication for coffee because I am just way too busy making up outlandish stories on the internet. I am also thankful that they use bio-degradable sleeves on their coffee.Overall an awesome place and my new regular joint when I need my Java fix (people still say that right?).
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,9/6/2011,52,145,,4,2>Last night I went to T. Murray's for my dad's birthday before heading over to Glam Jam. It's a new place right next to High Beck and another contribution to the revamping of the Brewery District/Downtown area. We got there around 7 PM, it wasn't overpacked, it was busy though, especially for a restaurant that is new and not participating in Restaurant Week. A few people on Columbus Underground initially said that the place is noisy, it has brick walls and few pieces of art on the walls or other decor besides murals to absorb the sound, so yes it is noisy, but no louder than say, Marcella's is. It is two levels, which I love, I think it would be an excellent party venue with the rat pack decor, good drinks, and a pretty decent selection of food on the menu. As far as drinks go, I had the Lemon Drop, and had Tony Murray the former bartender at Lindey's who now is the owner of this establishment make it... I think this was the best drink I have ever had. I'm not kidding, I could drink 15 of them and just feel as refreshed as the first. I want to go back to try their other selections though, they had pretty good beer choices, about 10 reds, 10 whites on the wine list, and a few bottle choices for champagne. Service was prompt and our server seemed very knowledgeable and friendly. My sister came with us too, she is a vegetarian, we tried to order things that would be friendly to her dietary preference but it was kind if hard, though we were told they can make a lot of the items vegetarian. We got the eggplant stack, picked out the prosciutto, it was EXCELLENT. It's a good portion size for a sampler for two-three people. The chip appetizer with sriracha ketchup was good too, but it wasn't memorable like the eggplant. She got a margherita pizza for her entree, which tasted very good. My dad's burger was able to be cooked blackened, I had a bite of it and it is not only a large burger portion but they know what they are doing with that beef in the kitchen, yum. One thing I saw come out that I want to try when I go back (yes, when), was the Arugula and Milanese. They have a few kinks to work out, i.e. parking (they do have valet), noise, and the vegetarian choices, but I think they are off to an excellent start.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,9/5/2011,72,39,,7,4>Barcelona is an edgy and elegant restaurant that manages to both fit in and stand out in the German Village. The menu is thoroughly modern, but the beautiful red-brick building and plush little patio evoke a nostalgia that is perfect for the neighborhood. Over a springtime lunch of Spanish tapas, I got to know and love this stylish lounge.As a Dine Originals destination, it was worth more than my ten dollars. We were a two-top on a Tuesday morning, no reservation needed, and we chose our own seats. Our (very) comfortable booth lined one wall and played double-duty by complimenting diners with attractive recessed uplights. Everything was stylish and chic, even the flat-screens played only vintage movies or Julia Child.My date and I split our sandwiches and sides, and ordered a salad as well. The ensalada verde was fresh and dramatic, with bites of dried figs and creamy goat cheese in a savory bacon vinaigrette. I'll admit I passed the spiced almonds to my husband (he loved them) but it was delightful. My sopa de tomate was sweet, but didn't really compare to my husband's patatas bravas or the addictive house-made sourdough. His twice-fried potatoes were just perfection, and the spicy aioli was as pretty on the plate as it was on the palette.Here's where the moral comes in: men, trust your lady's instincts! My husband wanted the jamon serrano, but knowing him well, I suggested the chorizo link and ordered it myself. Cooked to tasty perfection with caramelized onions, peppers, and melty manchego, it was a much more savory option than the upscale ham and cheese served cold with greens and vinaigrette. When we split our baguette sandwiches in half to share, not only did he have to admit that he preferred the chorizo, but he also found a piece of plastic wrap with his jamon. It's a simple mistake with that kind of ham, and my husband shrugged it off. Our waiter was very attentive throughout the meal and did more than apologize for the oversight: he replaced the sandwich in a to-go box, AND removed his entire lunch from the bill. We devoured the rest of mine with relish, and tipped him generously, and later the baguette made a great midnight snack.The excellent customer service continued this week when I received an e-mail from the manager thanking me for my feedback. Professional, with an appropriate dash of panache. It's not why I give them four stars, the cuisine and charisma accounts for that, but it IS why I'm coming back for Tapas Mondays.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,9/4/2011,67,288,4,6,6>Resch's Bakery has the best Long Johns in town.  The dough isn't sweet at all, but the whipped sugary filling inside and the sugar frosting on the top is impossible to resist.  When those three things are combined it forms something magical.  Note though that if you eat more than one you might very well go into some sort of sugar coma.The donuts are less sugary, more what you'd expect in terms of a really, freaking good donut.  They stay pretty well from day one to day two as well, which is nice.  These are great with coffee or hot tea, and when we have special occasion mornings I'm always begging my husband to make the trek to get them.One last thing, they only accept cash so be sure you've got some on you or you'll end up disappointed!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,9/3/2011,67,792,,5,3>Yet another Korean place in Columbus- we're lucky to have so many.  This one is a bit out of the way for me, but I was in the neighborhood so I stopped by.  The building is distinctive outside; the decor inside is typical for a Korean place.  The service was great- friendly and attentive, though not intrusive.  For mid-afternoon the place was busier than I expected.I got the lunch bulgogi order.  As usual, for me the banchan almost eclipse the main course, and they were great.  Fresh, tasty, always varying a bit from restaurant to restaurant.  The bulgogi was solid, if not stellar.  There was just enough, with the rice and banchan, to fill me up without being stuffed.  At dinner, you use a burner artfully concealed in the table to cook some dishes right there.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,9/2/2011,94,39,2,2,2>This place has all of my favorite beers, save one. They don't carry 21st Amendment beers so they don't get five stars. Other than that, this store is amazing.They carry local favorites, and have imports from all over the country and the world. Hundreds of beers to choose from here. They have a build your own six pack section, and there is usually a half liter bottle and case special. This is the beer Mecca of the Northwest side. They also have gourmet cigarettes and porno mags, which just add to the character.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,9/1/2011,57,115,5,5,5>All in all Wall Street is your go-to place for dancing if you don't have any other shenanigans going on. For it being a gay bar, I have been disappointed several times in their "bitch" whiskey pours. Dance floor is fun and the place is generally filled with your stereotypical lesbos. C'mon ladies...get it together! It doesn't cost that much to look like a decent gal. Apparently I missed the memo when mullets and flannel came back in style. Seriously though...get a hairstylist.If you're just there to dance with friends...it's great. If you're there to pick-up someone...well...I'd suggest trying to convert a straight girl before trying to pick up a chick in wall that doesn't look like a dude.Alas, besides that - the shows **cough! MARY ANN BRANDT!! Viva Valezz and troupe!! cough, cough** are amazing. DJ Michele Chaney is pretty rockin' with the tunes as well. Pride it's packed here which can make it fun as out-of-towners can spice up the normally bland crowd. :)
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,8/31/2011,17,49,4,7,4>I don't mind laying down my head at night in a swanky suburb and I don't mind going where all the pretentious artsy folk go if the food really is as good as they are saying it is (although usually it isn't) but, when I really want to spend my money and be around other people Northland and areas like it are the places that I prefer to go. I have always encountered better service and it just comes down to it being my type of people, my type of establishments. Salt of the earth places like Acme remind me of being back home in Appalachia and I like that. I don't typically want to eat my dinner next to business men or pseudo-artists, I want to eat my dinner next to a couple of guys with dirty hands that look like they just finished building something. That's where I want to be.I instantly felt welcome at Acme, the people were brimming with hospitality, and who would've thunk it that peanut butter and jelly would be good on a hot dog? Well, they did and it might sound strange but, that sweet and salty is like magic in your mouth. They get huge props for that one. Their Cleveland Po Boy was just as good although it wouldn't have hurt it to have some more french fries piled on if you ask me (I love potatoes). :P I also asked them to throw cheddar cheese, jalapeños, and bacon on my side order of fries and they did it with no questions asked and I think that they probably would've put jelly and peanut butter on those fries if that's what I really wanted and asked for. That's just how accommodating the folks at Acme seem to be. I really dug the intimate but, not claustrophobic atmosphere with all the bright colors that somehow avoided being too flashy and funny signs with an attitude that I can really appreciate.Do I like it at Acme? Do I prefer it over Dirty Frank's? Yes and yes. Dirty Frank's is cool, don't get me wrong on that one. I love their slushies and fried leeks but, when it comes to the realm of hot dogs Dirty Frank's mushy buns are their demise. Plus, it's very trendy and well, while trendy is okay it's just not 'me'. Places like Acme are very much more 'me' and I will be going back to Acme way sooner than I'll be making my way back to Dirty Frank's. Dirty Frank's is fun but, the warmth is missing. How's the warmth at Acme? You'll just have to take the trip and see for yourself.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,8/30/2011,57,205,3,5,3>I've been to Ocean Club twice now, and both times it was a great experience. It is kind of odd that it's smack dab in the Easton mall but once you go inside the restaurant, you almost forget all about that. The service is so above and beyond that I cannot think of anywhere else I have had better attention. The first time I went, it was just because. It was kind of annoying that everyone from the hostess to our waitress and even the manager kept asking us what we were celebrating when there was no celebration, but I guess it's understandable that 90% of people there are celebrating something. To be fair, the second time I went it was for my birthday and it was actually really nice to have everyone (from the hostess to our waiter to the manager) tell me happy birthday!Both times I got the black orchid cocktail and both times I loved it. Girly and smooth, with a cool looking ice cube (a flower petal frozen in the ball of ice!). Both times my date got the 10 oz filet mignon cooked medium. The first time it was cooked to PER-FEC-TION. Literally every single bite he took he was raving, almost to the point where I was annoyed. But I tried some and it was indeed perfect. We agreed you get what you pay for. Second time around was still good, but the first steak still takes the cake. Maybe we were just coming in with irrationally high expectations the second time. I went outside of my comfort box on my second visit and ordered the chilean sea bass. I have nothing to compare it to since I never had it before and don't really know the fish, but it was fine. The truffle sauce was creamy and yummy with it - I almost enjoyed the sauce more than the fish. We split a side of brown sugar carrots but were honestly so full from the bread and our dishes that we couldn't finish them. On my birthday I got a free dessert and the chocolate cake was the winner. 7 layers of fluffy chocolate that was not too sugary, and almost more bitter like dark chocolate. Perfect for me. The desserts are huge though, so sharing is caring!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,8/29/2011,121,124,,5,4>Who needs meat? Not I.Clintonville is just full of awesome brunch places. Between Jack & Benny's, Nancy's, and now Whole World, I'm convinced that some of Columbus' best and unique breakfast experiences are in this district.I rarely order omelets, mostly because the standard eggs, bacon, toast, and hash browns/home fries fare is usually my go-to. Omelets are something I make at home or order at a specialty restaurant because they're too often oozing with cheese, but lacking in vegetables. Instead of a meagerly filled omelet, this one was practically exploding in veggies! I ordered a mushroom, broccoli, and tomato omelet with pepper jack cheese. Oh my goodness. This omelet was huge, too, but relatively healthy and extremely delicious.Whole World is small, but the staff is friendly and you'll be served quickly. If you're looking for a vegetarian and vegan brunch spot, or anywhere serving healthy breakfast fare, look no further.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,8/28/2011,59,193,,5,2>damn good sushi for a land locked state. and with half off (for a limited time) on Mondays and Wednesdays, there's no arguing that this is the best deal on sushi in Columbus. Sure, Tensuke has cheap delicious sushi, but Red's half off sushi is a fantastic value for creative rolls.The edamame could have done with a more generous coating of salt, but I liked the texture of the large sea salt flakes. we had the philadelphia rolls, which was standard but good. I didn't realize the honey wasabi roll was deep fried until it came out; it wasn't bad but I would have preferred normal sushi. The crave roll was good, but the asparagus sticking out of either end made it a bit unwieldy. I enjoyed the combination of flavors and textures - bbq eel with crispy shrimp tempura and cruncy al dente asparagus. The spider roll's softshell crab was fried to perfection; it was in the top 3 that I've had. They did not have inari, which was somewhat disappointing.surprisingly, Red also has a very tasty and well-spiced bloody mary. it came with more interesting garnishes than your standard celery, which I also enjoyed.the decor inside was cute - black and white with accents of red (what do you know!) and the service was excellent. In fact, it was some of the best sit-down friendly and attentive service that I've received in Columbus!in summary, this is the sushi bar that the short north has been waiting for.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,8/27/2011,94,224,4,4,3>Love this place. It's like a little Greek oasis on Broad street. The walls are covered with hand-painted murals giving you different scenes of Greece. Everything is blue... It's like I was in a scene from Mama Mia. When I entered I was warmly greeted and shown to a table. My server was very nice an friendly. Had the calamari with Greek salad and fries. And for dessert they forced me to have the chocolate baklava. Ohhhhhhhh my goodness!!! OK... maybe they didn't actually force me to have desert, but the server suggested it so he might as well have forced me... Overall, I was extremely pleased with everything!! A++ for service, food, atmosphere, and overall friendliness.  I can't wait to go back again and try some more!!! Maybe I'll sing a little tune from Mama Mia for them...
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,8/26/2011,55,358,2,6,6>This is what you were wishing was here instead of Miani's/Sloopy's and it actually came true. There's no need to hesitate; Ace of Cups is the exact opposite of its former incarnations. The clientele is douchebag-free, meaning all those obnoxious, brainless OSU students just lost their northernmost outpost and will have to make due with Little Bar, Tipsy and BW3 which are all thankfully way down near Lane Ave where they belong. Ace of Cups is dimly lit and awash in wood:a nice wooden bar and hardwood floors. The draught selection is small for the time being, but I can't complain too much when Bell's Two Hearted and Stella is on tap, The bottle/can selection includes that famous, magical Milwaukee PO BOX responsible for PBR, Old Style, and Stroh's along with higher end offerings like Duvel. They even have healthy bar food here including veggie hummus wraps and chicken salad sandwiches while boasting basil/lavender infused vodka lemonade for what little is left of summer (where did that go?). Add in the fact that this high-ceiling establishment is also a live music venue and I think I just found my favorite spot in Old North Columbus.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,8/24/2011,22,29,4,7,5>I pretty much always stop by Lac Viet when I'm at the North Market.  I'm a huge fan of their veggie banh mi sandwiches, which consist of faux meat, bean sprouts, cucumber, cilantro and mayo. Their banh mi appears to be more French-inspired as it does not have the jalapenos, pickled carrots and daikon stuffing that's typically found in CA's Vietnamese banh mi.  Regardless, this sandwich is very yummy! I also enjoy their Vietnamese iced coffee (coffee, condensed milk and ice).  It is weirdly served in a hot drink cup, but it taste good and that's all that matters to me!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,8/23/2011,95,90,9,5,6>Straight up schmoozing hustla' service, f'sho.  I'm over the top - I know that. My every demand, even the silent, was read like an open book. Led to a booth by the hostess, I scoped the priority of our seating compared to the rest of the vicinity.  Hostess, peering down with distraught eyes reaffirms my satisfaction with our booth. The non-Mediterranean-South-of-the-Border food-runstress speedily filled our goblet water glasses.  Our server decided our fragrant Zucchini Pancake appetizer with her rich accent.  The food-runstress rushed over with noted anxiety and a warm bread basket as she spied me noticing another table receiving their basket out-of-turn. Warm and soft flat bread with "pink sauce" of sun dried tomato and olive oil - "OMFG". The tender Moussakka recommended with unabashed confidence.  My strong-willed preference going against the suggested wine pairing corrected with a swap-out of the preferred, pricier (yet not charged) spicy Turkish red.  Belly dance beats, painted vault doorways, and bright tang colors surrounding a bling-ed out ginormous central chandelier.  Etli Bamya (lamb and okra stew) had lamb on the chewier side.  I will come back until nothing remains foreign to me.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,8/22/2011,15,42,2,3,2>This place really hits the spot when you want some classic American fare. I have no idea how a place this time-warped and unchanging sits in 2011 in one of the highest-rent sections of the Short North (especially after Michael's had to close), but I love that it does. Meat-topped hot dogs can be a contentious subject, depending on what your preferred style is, but, having spent time both on the East Coast and in the Cincinnati-sphere-of-chili-influence, I really dig these dogs for having a best-of-both-worlds thing going on. They're not coneys in either the sense of what you'd get from Nathan's or what you'd get from Skyline, but are, instead, something in between what you'd get from a Sabrett cart and a Cincy-chili joint. The sauce they use is much more heavily spiced than what you'd get out East, but, at the same time, is spiced in a different way, and is much less runny, than what you'd get in the Queen City.Prices are WAY cheap. Coneys are less than two bucks, even with cheese. The burger is exactly what you want and expect from a diner burger (and is $3!), and the fries are KILLER. The fries I got are not the crinkle-cuts pictured, but, instead, are traditional cuts, and are deep fried until they are browned, and have an amazing crisp-outside-mealy-inside texture. Also, as Matthew B. said, the coffee is awesome.Go here! Fight the gentrification of the Short North!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/21/2011,23,12,4,5,4>My brother has been telling me for years that I should check out Mr. Sushi, so I'm not sure why it took me so long to actually get over there.Maybe it's the fact that it's in a tiny strip mall near a (not kidding) combination Indian food grocery and computer repair store.  But I digress.It's really tasty, and the price is definitely right.  The service has always been friendly and attentive when I've visited.They have a great sushi lunch special that gets you two rolls, some tasty Miso soup, and a salad with that magical ginger dressing.  I also recommend the lunch of teriyaki salmon and veggies - GIANT serving of salmon, deliciously prepared, moist and flaky, with a sweet teriyaki glaze.I think about the Pinetato roll (grilled pineapple and tempura fried sweet potato) far too often.  It sounds simple (okay, it IS simple), but it is also so delicious!  The sweet bite of the pineapple, the crunch of the tempura sweet potato... mmm mmm good.The Sunday Morning roll is so wrong, but so right.  Salmon and cream cheese rolled, and the entire thing fried?  The cream cheese gets all gooey and melty, and you feel a little weird about eating deep fried sushi, but you have to just keep going.I'll leave you with a story that I promise IS going somewhere. This one time, my husband, my brother and I all went to Mr. Sushi for lunch.  It is important to note that my husband has a shellfish allergy, my brother is vegetarian, and I'm allergic to avocado (true, but tragic, story).  The server bumped into my husband and spilled some soup on him.  To make it up to us, she brought us a complimentary magical appetizer known as Naruto.  The Naruto appetizer contains, among other things, crab (or maybe "crab"), shrimp, avocado, tobiko, and is wrapped in thinly sliced cucumber.  Since clearly the boys weren't going to be eating any, I decided to pop the avocado pieces out and risk it.  And I'm so glad I did!  It is seriously good and I'm considering wrapping all of my food in cucumber from now on.  I had it again tonight, and no one seemed to mind that I ordered it avocado-free.Thanks, Mr. Sushi, for your consistent deliciousness!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,8/20/2011,97,185,,2,3>I come here for just one dish and that dish is the Gang Curry. I love it. I love anything dealing with peanuts and curry. Man on man. What I like about Nong's is that they aren't afraid to actually add some heat to their food. It's the perfect amount of spice.An even better tip is to order take-out. It seems as if they give bigger portions in a nice plastic container that can easily be put in the fridge for later.Oh, and their aquarium filled with big chunky goldfish are adorable.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,8/19/2011,2,8,9,5,7>What made me turn into this converted strip mall bar - devoid of adequate outdoor lighting and requiring that I park in a shared lot with a bank branch?  Was it the desperation of having to kill a couple hours before picking up my son from his Catholic School dance - or - was it the inviting Bob's Bar sign replete with the image of the 50's era Brylcreem guy - hoisting a beer with the promise of better times ahead?   At a very emotional level, the sign conveyed a promise to me:  "If you come in and have a cold one, you stand a very good chance of seeing a guy that looks exactly like your dead grandfather."  This allure was like a Venus-flytrap for a nostalgic like me. When I got inside, I realized this little place was about Bob's beer, and not his bar.  The patrons were a cross section of the kind of border town that is Clintonville - a mix of the terminally collegiate young businessmen, English/Philosophy majors and a solid representation of the kind of standard issue "Big Lots Buckeyes" you see a lot around Columbus - those vibrant souls who likely invested a lion's share of their last paycheck on the newest variant of scarlet & gray "leather looking" vinyl flocked varsity jacket, with enough money left over to secure a few cartons of American Spirit cigarettes at the Herb's Tobacco Patch.  Friendly enough folks, but with a dialect and mannerisms that hammers home the fact that Columbus is closer to Kentucky than it is to Michigan.  I struck up a conversation with an undercover white-collar professional - who was ranting on about having traveled several miles for a very specific beer that was no longer in season.  I tried to comfort him with the notion that one of the other 199 varieties may help, in some small way, to satisfy his brew lust.The bartenders were schooled in the classic "we're a one of a kind kinda place" repartee - shouting orders & insults at one another to endear themselves to their clientele - making me feel as if I was an integrated part of some Midwestern passion play that runs nightly.Here's the good news.  I really liked the place.  The beer selection was voluminous and the prices were right.  It doesn't need gimmicks like live bands or a plethora of flat panel TV's to attract its customers. It's where you go to meet friends for a beer together - and to ponder the irony of "cultural hub" and "Midwest" being used in the same sentence.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,8/18/2011,107,100,8,5,3>I may hold the record for the fastest devoured Turkey Reuben of all time. Yep, see ya later Takeru Kobayashi (that guy who eats hot dogs insanely fast) there is a new gal in town. Okay I may be going a bit too far, but seriously I wolfed this sandwich down, it was amazing! You walk into Lexi's and it appears to be the chosen deli for the corporate world. I ordered the Turkey Reuben per advice from the waitress AND they even gave a me a pickle, which really tops any sandwich off in my opinion. It came on rye bread and the thousand island on the side. I wish they did offer a side such as chips, apple, etc. But the sandwich won't leave you hungry since I had to actually mash it down a bit in order to take a bite!They offer an array of sandwiches, salads, soups, and burgers all made to order and changed up if your heart desires. So Lexi's, I give you my approval because the Reuben is awesome and your name has where you are located in it... in case I get lost :)
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,8/17/2011,29,102,7,16,6>I tried African Paradise for the first time tonight.  A former coworker and good friend has a group that tries new foods from different countries once a month.  Tonight we went Somalian.The food was amazing.  The staff was exceptional, polite, funny, and very helpful.  It was nice to go to a place where the meal is more of an event.  And good lord it is inexpensive.  6 adults cost a mere $59 and there was so much food left over.There were a few courses.  We started off with soup that seemed to have a potato and onion base, but it was not heavy at all more of a broth.  Then there was a flat bread with a tomato and olive oil sauce with just the right amount of spice.  There were a few beverages with a mango drink, water, and the most amazing tea.  The tea was dark amber, sweetened with honey and had a blend of ginger and cinnamon. The main course was roasted goat with rice.  The goat was good.  The rice was nicely seasoned and blended well with all the other spices throughout the evening.  It was never overwhelming or too much of any one thing.  We sampled each others dishes and the chicken will be my next dish.  They have a an amazing hot sauce.  So good that it gets its own paragraph.  It starts out sweet - kind of like sweet barbaque, but it was not barbaque.  Then after you finish the bite the heat comes on slowly, like an old man easing into a warm bath.  Then it heats up and lingers in the center of your tongue like a first kiss.  Your second and third bite of food after sampling this sauce and spice is still there to flavor your food.  Too much of it will cause a light sweat and a little watering of the eyes, if you are not careful.  And like a hard liquor too much too early and it will hurt you.  The approach to this hot sauce should be the approach to a long and happy life.  All things in moderation, savor, and only take what you need - do not over indulge. I expect to return many more times.  I really like the idea of slowing things down and enjoying food.  The atmosphere is a very nice place to relax and enjoy your food.  I really liked the wide array of flavors from sweet to spicy.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,8/15/2011,129,540,3,3,3>I haven't been to too many of the farmers' markets yet, but this seems to be the biggest and best of them so far.  The growing season is starting off pretttttty slow this year due to the crazy weather (climate change, anyone?), but I've found a few bargains even so.  I picked up a nice flank steak for $8/lb, kale for $1.25 a bunch, a couple of plants for $2 each.  Last year, I remember getting peppers for 50c a piece, fresh corn 4/$1, green onions, carrots, etc etc.  Bring cash and lots of reusable bags.  Be prepared to navigate crowds, have your toes run over by parents dragging their kids in wagons or pushing strollers, carry your plants and eggs close to you, and don't step on the puppies.  The parking lots get full pretty early on, so it's worth it to avoid the pedestrians and crazy drivers altogether; park a little further away on one of the side streets and walk in.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,8/14/2011,175,131,1,4,4>I went to COSI with my neices and had an amazing time. I would go here even if I didn't have kids to accompany me. The only reason to give it 4 stars is because it is hella expensive and the food options in the cafeteria are really unhealthy. The exhibits are diverse. There is one on life (birth, death, diseases, bones, etc), progress (how technology has changes the way we live in the last 120ish years), gadgets, space, ocean, etc. The exhibits are also very interactive, which is great for children who want to feel a part of the experience. I also like that there are volunteers who give scientific demonstrations. Even though they're geared toward children, I thought they were pretty cool! The lectures and movies are informative and it is great for school groups (there is a large group cafeteria). I love the outdoor area too. Double kudos for the natural prarie area. If you have kids, or you're just plain interested in science, go to COSI!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,8/13/2011,56,78,,11,3>The Gateway Film Center (which used to be Drexel Gateway Theatre) is the glue that holds the South Campus Gateway together. For post-grad students like myself, it is the only business that brings me back to the Gateway. The Gateway truly did revitalize the south campus area of OSU (It opened in 2006) and still remains very clean, chic and modern looking;.The great thing about The Gateway Film Center is that if you are a student (or a post-grad who still has his or her student ID), movies are just $6 a pop. Regularly, I believe they are $8.50, which is still cheaper than $9.50 you pay at other nearby theatres. The thing is, you do have to pay for parking ($1 for 3 hours if you validate your parking ticket at the box office) so it all evens it out.The seats at the Gateway Film Center are big, comfortable, and leather, and the floors are typically very clean. There is also a great selection of beers on tap (yes! a movie theatre that sells beer!), including Elevator Brewing Company Buckeye Ale. This is a major reason to not go to Lennox. Also, after the flick you have a number of nearby bars in the courtyard of the Gateway to choose from (Ugly Tuna Saloona, McFadden's, Mad Mex, etc.).The Gateway Film Center tends to play indie flicks (another plus) or have movie specials (for instance, a "Tribute to John Hughes" with all of the director's classic 80s films). They do a great job keeping things fun and fresh, even for non-students!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,8/12/2011,115,228,6,6,3>I won't rehash too much, because people have been writing some very excellent and thoughtful reviews.  These are my top reasons to shop at Weiland's if you're looking for special occasion grub or something that is just a wee bit nicer than the norm:1) If you're a pre-prepared meals kind of person, Weiland's has a wide selection of meals that appear to have been cooked on the premises--and unlike those pre-prepped deli meals at Kroger or Giant Eagle, these look really tasty.2) They have a liquor store attached.  That's liquor store--with spirits.  With the hard stuff.  And a good selection of it.  3) The cheese section is pretty righteous.  Not that many places carry my favorite brie--Fromage D'Affinois--mostly specialty cheese shops.  (Although Giant Eagle recently started carrying it, I think, but that is VERY recently.)  Usually, I have to hit up Whole Foods or the cheese shop at North Market to find it.  I like finding other places where I can purchase good cheese.4) They have a pretty decent beer selection.  It's not as good as some places, but it definitely holds its own.5) Sampling and wine tasting.  I saw a soccer mom with a glass of red dragging her kids around behind her.  That sounds like an awesome way to get through grocery shopping with the kids.Is it the end-all, be-all of gourmet stores?  No, but it does have some nice perks.  Did I mention it's a one-stop shop to buy liquor?  I did, didn't I?  That means no having to venture into the ghetto if you live on or near campus, and then you can head through the connecting doorway and buy some groceries.  California spoiled me on liquor in grocery stores, so this is a major plus for me.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,8/11/2011,117,189,3,6,3>Great Bubble tea! I absolutely adore this place. If you frequent it, you'll see your fair share of Dungeons and Dragons type World of Warcraft costumed players. It's their local spot to open up and play their new Magic card deck.Other than that- free WiFi, good atmosphere, cheesy typical Asian music, and great bubble tea. It may take awhile for your order to come, but worth the wait.I recommend the crispy tofu! Oh, and park in the 1hr spot by Staters.$5.00 minimum on credit.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,8/10/2011,31,145,,3,2>I absolutely love this bar! The drinks are always good, the beer selection is great and the food is delicious. It's a no frills kind of place, service is always good and there are plenty of televisions to watch. They also have various games to play (although I have never played any).Their house balsamic is so delicious--I put it on the fries, salad, anything! They also have pretty good fries, thick-cut steak fries that are usually crispy. I suggest the grilled cheese, the big easy, the chicken sandwich and the meatball sandwich. All are HUGE and very good for bar food (or food anywhere). I have had the wings twice, and they're actually really good. They are big, meaty and the sauces are unique and tasty.I would say it's one of my favorite places to eat if drinking is also on the agenda. I came here a lot more when I lived on Henderson, but still try to make it back out here sometimes.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,8/9/2011,19,189,,4,1>I must admit that I do feel a bit strange writing a review for a laundry facility. Honestly, isn't yelp supposed to be about food? But I must admit that, I have no reason to try any other laundry operation in the city after my pleasant experiences at Clintonville. There are a wide range of washers, all in good shape, including the HE front loaders, I am not worried about losing or ruining my clothes here. They offer a wash and fold service but I have never used it but it seems pretty popular. Plenty of parking in the rear, as well as out front for 2 hours at a time. Free Wifi, friendly consistently staffed and clean. No random homeless people or junkies just hanging out. If you want to do work there are tables, and a TV, Drinks and free coffee, if you want to do something else, stop by the shops on High, or just people watch. Its a shame that I don't have a WD in my house at the moment, but until I do this is the place for me, and for you to get your clothes smelling clean
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2010,8/7/2011,51,82,4,3,3>Thank you Michael N for reviewing this place and posting a thread talk about it. In my never ending quest for the holy grail of pizza Borgata ranks near the top in town in my ever so humble opinion. The restaurant itself is surprisingly large. It has a bunch of seating both tables and at a bar where you can watch your pizza being made. The exposed brick wall and light fixtures adds a great touch. My friend and I decided to sit at the bar so we could chat with the worker (possibly owner?) which was great cuz while our pizza was being cooked we chatted about the restaurant, the oven he uses and just shot the shit for a bit.The menu is fairly simple. Pizza, subs, salads and some pasta. We picked a large pepperoni pizza and boy oh boy it did not let down. Slices were huge as you would expect from a new york style pizza. First thing I noticed was the crust because without a good crust you can't have a good pizza. There was the right amount of chew and crispness to the dough and you can you tell they don't add cheap stuff to keep the cost down (which was then confirmed while talking to the worker). The sauce was tomatoey with the right amount of spices. The cheese was great and tasted like cheese and I think (I may be wrong) that they grate it fresh in store. The pepperonis were a bit small but tasted great and didn't leave too much grease. After two slices I was spent. I left 100% satisfied and will be back for some pizza soon.The gentleman working talked about some of the things he has is store including finding some good Ohio pepperoni and possibly selling beer. Even without beer (and I do love me some beer) this is a great place to go anytime of the day that you are craving pizza. If you like good pizza and are sick of the typical midwest pizza do yourself a favor and get a pie from Borgata!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,8/6/2011,56,151,,5,1>Well, Jeni has done it again. She's given us one more store to make it that much more convenient to stop on by for some of her amazing ice cream while in the German Village area. Conveniently located near Schiller park, it will be hard to avoid on those hot summer days!This is a cute little hole in the wall (literally, a hole in the wall with a walk-up window), but don't let the size fool you. They have several flavors to choose from, as well as freshly made waffle cones! You'll even smell them a block away as they're being made!Have patience when coming to this location. You can't visually see the ice cream and only 1-2 people can be waited on at a time, so those indecisive Jeni's lovers are under pressure to keep the line moving!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,8/5/2011,93,276,,10,9>Wow. Just wow! I stopped in today with 3 friends and we all left incredibly satisfied. The ice cream flavors are unique and tasty with a distinct European flair. I ordered a Mozart Trio of Kahlua Coffee - rich and heavily flavored, almost like drinking a good creamed bold coffee, Chocolate Truffle - like eating the best chocolate ganache right out of those wonderful candies, and my favorite for sure, Tiramisu. I adore Tiramisu as a pastry, but the way they take Mozart Bakery's decadent dessert and blend it into a rich creamy ice cream (my personal favorite dessert), is just mind blowing. I almost wish I had order a trio of just that flavor! One of the beauties of this place is that, like some of the other great gourmet ice cream places that litter Columbus, you can taste all those delicious flavors before you buy them. Between my companions and I, we really did try all the flavors, and they were all fantastic. A word to the wise, order less than you think you need, this stuff is decadent!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,8/4/2011,135,164,,9,1>If you are a fan of the gyros at the Gyro Shoppe on Henderson, then you will love this place.  They taste quite similar.  They both feature the soft chewy pita bread that I love vs that dry thin stuff they usually serve elsewhere.  I got a lunch special that included a gyro, fries, and a drink for $5 something (sorry i can't remember the exact price anymore!)The fries were raw cut and had the skins still on like the Gyro Shoppe also does.I've also had their chicken lemon soup and it was great.  It was more substantial than The Gyro Shoppe's.  Larger chunks of chicken, carrots, celery, and more herbs.  This stuff is perfect for colds and hangovers.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,8/3/2011,39,128,,4,3>It's great to see The Swanky Abode find a home in a larger space at Easton. The previous store was called Nest and located in a smaller space...and before that it was a store just open during the holidays with a different name. There was also a Polaris location. So, aside from the frequent name/location change I'm a big fan of this housewares shop. You'll find modern flair mixed with vintage pieces. If you're in need of a gift, this is a great place. From birdhouses to jewelry, there's really something for everyone. The staff is always really helpful and friendly. Some of my favorite items:MTN spray paint - Awesome colors, no CFC'sKNOCKKNOCK stationary - Fashion Citations, Rate That Wine, etc.Vase fillers - glass, marbles, wire balls, mini clothes pins and tons moreI definitely recommend stopping in to browse, chances are you'll find something you need.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,8/2/2011,172,99,,9,4>Went here for lunch with mom and sis.  Hotdogs range from $2 something (no toppings) up to I think $7 (a foot long I think). Anyway, most dogs with toppings are $4 (usually including 4 toppings). They serve Hebrew Nationals that are very plump.  If you don't feel like a beef dog, you can always opt for a turkey dog, a veggie dog, chicken fingers in a hot dog bun, a burger in a hot dog bun, or a turkey corn dog. Most toppings are free if you use them as your 4 toppings. A few are 39 cents to 79 cents.  They offer skinny fresh cut fries as one of there sides, which were pretty tasty.  They also serve icecream and a variety of others items that I can't recall off the top of my head. Anyway, it was a pretty enjoyable experience, the staff was friendly and the food was fresh and good. My only complaint would be that a $4 hotdog is a little steep.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,8/1/2011,185,387,3,3,3>I had it on good authority from a friend who has tried Banh Mi all over Columbus that this is the best place around. My first Banh Mi experience was a good one at Mi Li Cafe!The combo of flavors-- French-meets-Pacific-- works so well. Each bite of the sandwich was unique and mega-flavorful: pate, veggies, pork (cold or grilled), cilantro, jalapenos and many other things I probably couldn't identify right away.There's pretty much only two types of banh mi here, the cold pork or the grilled. My dining mate and I ordered one of each, and traded halves. I can appreciate a smaller, honed menu, but a little more variety would be good. Beware that the jalapenos on these are SPICY. I enjoy the burn, but just an FYI. Also beware of pate burps later on in your afternoon.Hmm...what else? I got a Bubble Smoothie, honeydew flavor. I enjoyed it, but I''m not a bubble connoisseur. I thought it was a little bit expensive for a smoothie ($4) but I felt the sandwich was a pretty good value so it didn't bother me.The decor leaves something to be desired, but no one is coming here for ambiance. The place felt clean. Any lack of styling is definitely overlook-able. Service was great-- speedy, non-invasive, and efficient. They keep on top of water refills, which is necessary with those jalapenos. More Banh Mi, please!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,7/31/2011,114,521,3,5,3>Bluescreek is one of the best butchers in town, let alone the North Market. Not only do they keep a large supply of freshly produced beef, pork, and lamb in their case, but they're also regularly bringing in goats raised on their farm, frozen packages of beef, lamb, and veal stock, and hand ground sausages (try their Russian sausage - totally different flavor from most sausages you'll find in stores in Columbus!).Even better, they'll happily butcher to order with some advance notice - last time I did a big BBQ cookout, they were happy to provide some brilliant bone-in pork shoulders and a full brisket. If you let them know what you're looking to do (smoking/BBQ, grilling, making soups, stews, or confit), they'll even do their best to suggest the best cuts, or offer suggestions for preparing them. The price is higher than Krogers or a larger store chain, but I find them comparable to Carfagnas' or Weiland's, and cheaper than Whole Foods or Hills Market. Personally, I think this is a textbook case of "You get what you pay for", and if you care about the quality and source of your meat, it's worth going for it.They've also started CSAs for lamb - a little out of my price range right now when I'm cooking for myself, but the prices seemed like they'd be about right for supplying a family.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/30/2011,123,50,8,12,9>My #1 Go-To Asian Market (for most of my Korean needs anyway)!!!!  Where to start? This place is, for me, one of the many hidden gems Columbus has to offer!  From snacks to vegetables, you name it, they have it here.  They even have soju, in different variety!  It's kinda hard to see if you don't know where or what you are exactly looking for.  Lotte is located in the plaza next to Tee Jay's and side by side with Dollar General store.They have bakery goods, frozen goods, noodles of all sorts, meat, seafood, individually packaged side dishes (you know, some of the ones you see when you go to Korean restaurants), prepared and precooked dishes/entrees, all different kinds of sauces, SNACKS, very few but necessary house goods (ie chopsticks, bowls, stone pot, etc.), and much more!!They also have different sales of lots of things.  For those who are deprived of Korean drama and/or shows (and doesn't have access to internet), yes, they even have DVDs of current shows that you can rent!Most importantly, they have my SWEET POTATOES and banana milk.  Oh and how can I forget about their ice-cream selection?  If you like honeydew, you have to try the ice-cream called Melona.  Yum doesn't do justice.Anyways, I could probably go on and on about this place, but I'm sure you would like to check it yourself, right?  You won't be disappointed~Happy shopping ^___^
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,7/29/2011,134,190,,8,3>I call this place "The Rock Store." Anyone who knows me, realizes that I name things, and I can't for the life of me remember the actual name of the store, but I can certainly remember its descriptive name.First and foremost, they do have a lot of books, but I wouldn't call this a bookstore exclusively - like I would call the Book Loft.By the windows, they have open bins of bulk stones.  You can look through them, find a stone that resonates for you, feels just right, or one that just looks pretty!  They have pieces of paper that tell you about each type of stone and what it's used for energy-wise.  Me?  I just like pretty shiny things. The energy manipulation is an added bonus.The back consists of a really comfy area with couches, incense, art all over the place and generally fun, new age music.  I generally can't relax in a retail store, otherwise I end up sleep-spending - and that's never good.  For those of you with stronger wills, the couches look comfy.  You've been warned.There are, of course, books.  They're generally new-age topic related, and it's useful to browse.  They have a great selection of tarot cards in that general area as well, so if you wanted to get a deck and a book to help you take a reading, there's a good chance you can get that all within a few feet.  I like physically shopping for books when I'm browsing. Retail bookstores tend to be annoying to me if I know exactly what I want, because they rarely have it.In the center, they have a fun selection of music CDs that are, of course, related to a new age atmosphere.  They do have a wide range: stuff that puts you to sleep, stuff that makes you want to join a drum circle, and stuff that makes you feel like you might have been a wolf or hawk in a previous life - or maybe even this one!  Good stuff.  I'm not poking fun - but the selection does fall into certain categories.  Also, if you like what's playing in-store, they can make recommendations based on existing stock.  I haven't been disappointed yet.They have a space - upstairs or something - where they have classes.  Yoga, meditation, energy work - you name it.  Never taken a class, but the people seem cool enough that I might consider taking one, if I were interested in any of the topics.There are other things scattered throughout the store: boxes to safely keep your stones, tarot cards, incense and other random assorted new-age things; dreamcatchers and sage smudge sticks.  On the one hand, this place is totally random - but it all has that new age theme, so it's okay.  Germane.Did I save the best for last?  I do believe so!  Around the cash register, where you will ultimately pay for your goodies, you will find display cases.  Yes, the hematite stones over by the window are pretty, but the really cool stuff is in the cases.  Rings, lingam stones (I bought one, I love it!), crystal balls...all sorts of cool stuff.  The stock sells, they buy new stuff, so this store is great to visit periodically.  If you go every day for a week, you'll get bored.  If you go once a week or every other week, there will be a bunch of new stuff to explore.Also, don't forget the cool people behind the cash register.  Something about new age stores and energy work brings out the best in people - or maybe it just brings out the best people.  Who knows?  All I can say is, the owner knows how to hire awesome, friendly, helpful people and that's really what you need in this type of store.  Good vibes!If there's something you like, but you're not quite sure if it's the right size, just ask!  They have some over-stock of certain items, and sometimes have exactly what you need.  Another cool service is that they will special order.  I hate special-ordering books in a bookstore, but I love ordering items from these guys, because they know what you want, and take the time to make sure they get the right thing.This store is best if you go in without specific expectations and look around. Something will generally jump out at you.  However, if your specific expectations involve music on CD to mediate by, a handful of random semi-precious stones or a large purple amethyst crystal geode specimen - you've come to the right place!
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,7/28/2011,23,71,5,4,4>I went to the Rossi last night for "girls night out" which usually entails cocktails/wine and some appetizers.  Instead we all decided to order full meals with the intent of taking home leftovers.  Didn't happen.I ordered the lobster roll with bacon shallot potato salad and Vietnamese corn on the cob.  My friends ordered the lobster ravioli, the salmon and the linguine and scallop special.  The moment the food hit the table it was silence and then a collective MMMMM from all of us.  The feat of getting seven women at a table to simultaneously stop talking is basically culinary magic.  Every plate was licked clean - which surprised even me - my friends are all skinny minnies.My lobster roll was phenomenal.  The potato salad, while a bit over dressed, was phenomenal.  The Vietnamese corn on the cob?  All I could think of was....who would think of putting a spicy asian sauce and coconut on corn?  Well, whomever he his, hats off to you kind sir.  It was so unexpected and delicious.  Good twist on a midwest favorite.Dessert involved Jeni's ice cream so you know it was good.  If there is someone in Columbus who has NOT had Jeni's, shame on you.  Correct that right away and you're welcome.Another surprise to me was the wine list.  Great small selection, good prices.  The pinot grigio I had was terrific.If you get the chance, I recommend you check out the Rossi.  If it's been awhile since you've been there, go back.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,7/27/2011,902,285,9,4,4>I've discovered my own personal version of a pizza orgasm:White pizza. 2x blue cheese. Goat cheese.While I personally believe that "pungent" might be one of the most disgusting words one could ever use to describe food, that's what this is. In a delicious, mouth tingling, surely-this-much-cheese-is-going-to-stop-my-heart kind of way.My breath smells horrible.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,7/26/2011,309,391,5,7,2>Attention Downtown Dwellers! I am insanely jealous that you have such easy access to Cafe Brioso. After trying them not once, but twice in one day, I can say with 100% certainty that this is my favorite coffee shop in Columbus (at least for now).My first brush with Cafe Brioso was with their house-made Chai Latte. Nothing picks up my spirits when I'm down quite like a Chai Latte, and the one served at Cafe Brioso is heavenly. That it is made in-house and doesn't come out of a box really is a great selling point. Later on in the day, I returned to Cafe Brioso to try something stronger.I was either attended to by the owner or a very knowledge staff member, because I was given a small verbal tour on the way lattes are made. Originally I had asked if it was possible to order my latte over ice, to which I was told "Yes, but it won't taste as good". And also that they serve their lattes at a drinkable temperature so that it wouldn't be scalding hot. I took the advice and ordered a small hot Maple Syrup Latte. And to my not-so-surprise, the Maple Syrup comes from Ohio! Next, I asked if I could have my latte with skim milk, as I'm lactose intolerant. "No worries about the milk", the guy behind the counter said. The milk comes from a small dairy farm or creamery or something along those lines. Something about how the way it's pasteurized make the milk easier for the stomach to handle.I put my faith and my stomach in the hands of the guy behind the counter and ordered my latte with whole milk. Much to my surprise (and relief), my stomach was unmoved by the whole milk and my latte was much tastier than one made with skim.The staff and product at Cafe Brioso is above and beyond any coffee shop I've experienced in Columbus. Truly an assist to those living and working downtown. I hope you guys don't take it for granted!
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,7/25/2011,370,523,4,11,7>This place is like the Cheers of the Breakfast world. Some friends who are regulars invited us to meet them at this gem of a restaurant this past Saturday. I was definitely impressed. Family run and operated this place is all smiles with grand kids up through grandparents getting yummy "greasy spoon" style food out to hungry patrons. Efficient, yet chaotic, Best Breakfast crazily gets the job done. With people piling up in the doorway waiting for a coveted seat. Couples sit at the 'bar', parties of 4 or more wait for the 6-8 tables. Arriving at 10:30, our party of 4 waited only 10 or so minutes or so. After that, at least 15 more people entered and I expect, were waiting longer than that. This is not a place where you dilly dally after your done eating. Although, I never felt rushed as they gladly refilled drinks after our plates were cleared. Service was friendly and quick. It seemed the cooks and servers alike were having fun. The food was really yummy. Well seasoned and griddle potatoes and homemade bread for toast were highlighted accompaniments to my omelet. The omelet was packed full of bacon, tomatoes, cheddar and onions, just like I asked. You get to pick one meat, 3 veggies, and 1 cheese, OR 6 veggies and a cheese if you don't want meat.) The fillings were literally busting out of the egg. The do a half fold style omelet there (if you care to know). All that yummyness for only $7.75. My boyfriend got the biscuits and gravy and ham and the biscuits are actually toasted bread (i think) or a long slice of biscuit (i couldn't tell) but the gravy was fantastic. Full of flavor and not gluey at all. Bravo, Best Breakfast, you have The Best gravy I've ever tasted. All this with a coffee and iced tea for $24 including tip. This is a place you've got to try and once you try it you'll be ready to go back. To help you find it, when you see the Movie Theater and Aldi on Westerville Rd. TURN NOW!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,7/24/2011,884,714,11,18,11>Cavan is, I'm pretty darn well sure, Columbus' only gay irish pub. Haha. What a combo, right? I went here with some friends for Drag Queen Bingo on Sunday night, and lemme tell you, what a hoot that was! 4 out of the 5 people in our group were straight, and I'm pretty certain we were the only straight people there. This wasn't a very lively gay bar, which I think is an adjective the bars frequented by larger quantities of straights would tend to have used to describe them.The bartender called me sweetie when I pulled up a seat, which is always a treat (hear that, lady bartenders?!?! Jeez). I asked about drafts, and while the selection wasn't huge, they did have some decent options. I went for Lagunitas IPA, one of my absolute favorites. They have glasses specific to each draft beer, which is an interesting touch. The IPA was served in mason jars featuring the brewery's logo. I had seen these one other time, but I can't recall where. Now, the reason we came down here, again, was for the bingo. We had heard the hostess was hilarious and used lots of witty banter when calling out the numbers. Of course, the prizes were silly too. Some normal stuff like t-shirts and things, but I'm pretty sure there was a dildo in there, and the grand prize was a blow-up doll. My only complaint about the bingo was how freakin' fast she calls out the numbers. He doesn't leave a lot of time for talk that she doesn't initiate. So it's not super conducive to conversation/hanging out. Funniest moment of the night was her calling my friend "the Lesbian with the rattail." My friend retorted "I am not a lesbian!" I chimed in "she only plays one on TV", which got some laughs. That exchange had us rolling. It was a reasonable suspicion on her part, honestly. Haha.The bartender made us some shots that tasted like peanut butter cookies or something. I don't remember what all it had in it, but it included licking some salt. I think it might have been tequila and butter schnapps. It sounded gross, but was quite a trip going down. The bill was pretty cheap, especially considering I had bought a round of shots. The IPAs were I think $4. Again, this is another one of those bars that is off the beaten path if you don't live in the area. It's in Merion Village, so if that's not your hood, be prepared with some sort of DD arrangement.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,7/23/2011,23,36,1,14,10>Radhuni is, hands down, one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever eaten at. The problem with finding another awesome Indian restaurant in this town is that you have to educate people. Here, I'll start now:When I was little, my parents held two kinds of gatherings at their house. At the one for their social obligations, they had Indian food with higher oil content and less taste. At the second, for their friends, they had food made painstakingly because they knew their friends would comment on it and even call them out. In other words, the first was to meet a baseline level of acceptable taste, and the second was to "go for the gold."Radhuni, which means "cook" in Bengali, prepares and serves the second kind, even in its buffet. Their egg curry and cabbage dish are not just unprecedented and bold, but more importantly, delicious to the core. Their vegetable pakora was This is some of the best Bengali and north Indian cooking I have ever had, my palate informed with years of such food in West Bengal, in India, in Ohio, and forever.The buffet was well worth the $10.25 charge. The owners are the same as the ones of the lauded Indian Oven downtown, and it shows. If I were a suburban Indian restaurant owner, I'd be scared that they've moved out of the city. Radhuni has raised the bar.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,7/22/2011,82,150,,4,4>If you're looking for the essence of Clintoville, look no further than Studio 35. This divey little theatre has barely changed since I was a kid, and who knows how long before that. I have vivid memories of this place from my childhood, (mostly running out of the theatre screaming in terror at Edward Scissorhands), but there are other things too...the murals on either side of the theatre are exactly the same. So are the old hippies. It even smells the same. Now that I am a grownup hippie, I come here all the time for a flick. Yes, it is a bit scrungy in places, but the women's bathroom is immaculate. The beer selection is fantastic, and you can get M&M's in your popcorn for 25 cents. I'd highly recommend coming for the monthly beer tastings. $20 gets you almost 40oz of beer and a movie. Buy tickets in advance; it always sells out. Truly though, what makes Studio 35 so great is community. Here you are welcome to come as you are, bring your kids, make a new friend, and have a good time. What could be better than that?
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,7/21/2011,1214,553,1,5,8>Oh, Third and Hollywood - I love you.  Seriously, you're going to the top of my list.  Here's the deal:  3rd and Hollywood isn't perfect, but I had a perfectly lovely experience.  I am the type of person who can overlook mistakes if a place offers tons of heart, charm, and character in return.  We were way too crowded, the tables were too small, the prices are a bit steep, and the group service doesn't quite work.  So I had to get my own napkin.  So I had to sit on my coat.  I still LOVED 3rd and Hollywood.  With all that wasn't perfect, why do I still love this place?  In the words of Simon Cowell, 3rd and Hollywood just has the "it" factor.  I can't describe how special this place feels.  It's casual, yet elegant, and the building is just beautiful.  Oh, and the food!  The food was right up my alley:  simple, great ingredients, cooked perfectly.  The mister and I both had burgers, and it was the best I'd ever had.  The french fries were equally as amazing.  I know this sounds simple, but c'mon - they grind the meat in-house every day!  I also had a ginger mojito that was the best mojito I have ever had!  And the mister and I split the pecan pie sundae with Liz M, and it was freakin' fantastic!  Seriously, the food was beyond wonderful.The servers were also a delight!  Sure, they weren't perfect, but they were so incredibly nice and attentive that I would take them any day over the creepy, "perfect" servers at Alana's (y'all know what I'm talking about).I will definitely be back to 3rd and Hollywood as often as my paycheck will allow.  Love, love, love!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,7/20/2011,120,79,1,6,4>Pretty crazy to come upon a waterfall driving down Hayden Run Rd.  I stopped by with the pup about 2 weekends ago. There are no real trails or hiking there. Just one narrow walk way down to this gorgeous waterfall!  We were there on a Sunday afternoon. It was pretty busy. Probably over 35 people in a small area. It entertained the pup and I for a good 8-10 minutes, and then we were pretty much done.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,7/19/2011,8,114,3,8,4>I enjoyed myself and got some great prices on local food and flowers. The farmers and vendors are very knowledgeable and the staff representing the Easton Farmers Market was very helpful. There is a variety of things represented and that is a plus. From honey, local flowers, bread, seasonings, strawberrys, apples, to handmade "etsy.com type" goods. There were representatives from Barnes and Noble, Aveda, and Crate & Barrel all demonstrating goods, giving free samples, and offering a raffle for free goodies.They also have a service that allows you to make your purchases and store them in a portable truck and if you have other Easton shopping (Macys for example) to do, you can pick up your edible goods when you have finished all of your shopping. This is so thoughtful and convenient. Easton parking is free in the parking garage, and the meters are very inexpensive.The location of this venue is in the back of Chipotle and P.F. Changs, it takes up the entire parking lot (next to where Potbelly used to be). There was a man juggling and riding a unicycle (that made me giggle every time he passed), and a live music. The atmosphere was very nice. It makes the Easton experience that much more appealing. Oh yeah, and I'm certain that at least one of the farmers offers an opportunity for Garden CSA (home delivery of their harvest for a fee). Ask about it.Tip: Take cash, I only saw one vendor that had a sign displayed saying that they accepted credit/debit cards. I promise there will be something that you want to buy :-)
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,7/18/2011,35,66,9,6,6>Dear Dube,I love you.  I have always loved you.  You are like a special secret cave that's always full of passively pleasant hipsters and happiness.  You get me drunk and then make me grilled cheese, and if I want bacon on it, you'll do that for me because friends give each other bacon.You never care how loud I get, and your wait staff is always nice to me, even when I'm yelling and gesturing wildly and trying my best to knock things out of their hands.Your bathroom is kind of gross, but that's ok--it just makes me feel better about my own bathroom, and sometimes you like to play practical jokes on me, like putting the papers into the plastic sleeves of the menus in a different order on each one so that I get all stupid and confused and can't find anything.The best part is that you are within walking distance of my house, so if I need to visit you to blow off some steam, I can totally let loose and not have to worry about who is going to drive me home later.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,7/17/2011,18,52,2,6,2>The best produce you can find in Columbus short of belonging to a CSA.  I am convinced of it.  I enjoy the selection, suggestions, and Ohio products they carry.  Especially of note is the board that indicates what produce is local on any given day.  Awesome.  I also try to get my Snowville milk products here, as it's cheaper than Giant Eagle, and you get to support a local business.  Great!  I have found interesting varieties here, in particular some great little red velvet apricots.  I fell in love with them when I set eyes on them.  They looked like something out of a picture book.  A bit expensive, but a nice treat.  I also really like the small bags of herbs you can buy here.  I so frequently get way too much at big box stores, so the amount from the Greener Grocer is perfect.  Also, the herbs (like all the produce) last longer, much longer than stuff from the big stores.    Finally, the service is great.  Any questions you have about produce, they'll know.  Need suggestions?  They got it.  Heck, they'll even let you know if that tomato you're buying isn't the most flavorful one they have.  How great is that?  Yep.  The Greener Grocer is my pick for produce purchasing!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,7/16/2011,7,55,,4,3>Been to Yanni's a few times.  The hummus is too good to be described in words.  You have to just go and try it for yourself.  Other dishes we have had here have also been great.  I know people might not typically associate onion rings with Greek food, but somehow Yanni's manages to serve the best I've found in Columbus (maybe anywhere?).  If you prefer crispy onion rings over softer ones, as I do, I highly recommend them.  One order is definitely big enough to share.  We have also had the gyros and the Greek burger - absolutely delicious.  The friendly staff is just the icing on the cake.  If you don't like places when they are crowded (and this place is on the small side, to boot), try it for lunch, an early dinner, or even take-out.  Prices are very reasonable, especially when compared to the large portion sizes.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,7/15/2011,4,5,2,3,4>My lovely companion had touted this place to me, and as a big cupcake fan, I had to visit.  They were selling like hotcakes when we arrived, and only had a few left  in each flavor. They were hard at work baking more in the back, though, and frosted one up for me while I was waiting.  I was anxious to try the raspberry lemonade, and also chose an assortment.  The chocolate based ones were very good, but none of them reached the heights of the raspberry lemonade.  I have a new obsession, folks.  I also bought 3 chocolate chip cookies for $2.00, and they were very good.  Nice and puffy, and perfectly baked.  I hate thin, overbrowned cookies.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,7/14/2011,182,928,2,2,1>I had dinner here tonight and it was pretty good.  I'd been here before a long time ago and the restaurant was smaller than I remembered.I started off with a half-order of hummus.  It was served with a side of pita bread and it was excellent.  I then ordered the lamb chops.  There were four of them and they came with oven roasted potatos with lemon and an order of green beans.  The green beans weren't your usual, being short and wide and they were cooked with onions.   Very good!For dessert, I got an order of rice pudding which was great.All in all, a very good meal.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,7/13/2011,156,314,4,5,4>I definitely need another trip to Commonwealth Sandwich Bar soon! The Special Lady and I were FLOORED by this place and can't stop raving about it to whomever shall listen. That this place is within walking distance of the south dorms needs to not be overlooked- this place is the best cheap food near South Campus since Migg's left. Do you heathens even REMEMBER Miggs? Ah, I digress.To echo sentiments in other reviews, however, it would do you well to remember that these prices are a little more Short North than South Campus. However, the idea of paying less for the same quality is scandalous. And you can't argue with how FULL you are after eating here!This tiny- almost too-tiny- shop serves a delightful list of sandwiches and a few other things, besides. The first impression was that the menu was a great size- enough items to give true variety and analysis paralysis but not so many items that you have to doubt the quality of any one selection. The spectrum of variety here is so wide I can't even really generalize the menu for you, except with the phrase, HOLY SANDWICHES.I had the "Kiss Me," I think it was called- roast chicken, house-pickled cucumbers, house-pickled onions, a fresh slaw... my God, it was delicious. I also had a good number of the sweet potato fries, which were the best sweet potato fries I think I've ever had- a fact not at all hampered by the delicious aioli they serve them with.I do have to say I agree with Lisa S. about one thing, though: they really need to sell fries by the half-pound in addition to by the pound!To top it off is a soda fountain that is intriguing. It's obviously not big-name soda. Is it home-made? Locally sourced? It's delicious, and they didn't even give me and the Lady a hard time for wanting to split one soda. Hey, we're TRYING not to drink gallons of sugar each, this helps!From the art on the walls to the mirrored menu board to the design of the menus (they could be used as bookmarks), I liked basically everything about this place. It could use maybe one more table, but that's only a complaint for me because I foresee a future where the two available tables are full, carry-out isn't an option for me, and I am starving for one of the best sandwiches in town.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/12/2011,10,67,3,2,2>Ive been here twice, both times for happy hour. You cant beat half off Ohio beers, half off apps, and $1 off everything else at the bar during happy hour! I love the calamari at this place, I honestly have to say its the best Ive ever had. I find myself getting calamari more often at other places to see if it beats Local Roots and so far nothing has! My fiance loves the crab dip (as do I) here too. So a few beers and a few half off apps and we are out the door with a cheap bill!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,7/11/2011,8,24,10,6,6>I've been seeing someone at lunch. At first I thought it was a onetime hookup, but now I can't get enough of him, even though he is just using me for my money. His name is Mr. Sushi, and he lives on High Street in Dublin. Mr. Sushi used to have one establishment in Gahanna, and recently opened its doors in Dublin. The location is great: there is plenty of parking in the back lot unless a festival is going on, and the ambiance of the restaurant itself is a nice escape from boring suburbia: it is always busy, which I like, and which attests to how delicious the food is. I have always enjoyed the service at Mr. Sushi. It could be because I am a regular, or maybe the staff is just that helpful. The restaurant is clean, and I feel like the meals are prepared quickly. I love sitting at the sushi bar and watching the art of making sushi take place. Let's get to the food! There is a wide array of sushi options. I wish there was a sampler, because the price per entree portion is around 10-15 dollars. Granted, once you find the ones you like, you will feel like they are worth every penny, but it is difficult for someone who is trying sushi for the first time to develop into a repeat offender at those prices. If you are big thangs poppin' and can afford to try some of my suggestions they are as follows in order of preference: baked salmon rolls, shrimp tempora rolls, kinky roll, spicy scallop roll, 2004 roll and fantasy roll. If you're looking for something hearty and worth the price I recommend the baked salmon roll. If you're on a cheat day and want something a little naughty the shrimp tempora roll is a must. My only suggestion is the creation of a sampler! It's too expensive to try new rolls by paying for the entire entree, at least for myself.I uploaded some pics of the glory that is Mr. Sushi. If you're looking for a place close to home in Dublin that has a metro feel with far-east cuisine hit this place up--and just stick to the rolls, it's what they do best.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,7/10/2011,36,34,3,5,3>The Angry Baker. Hmmm. I'm assuming they throw all of that delicious anger into their tasty concoctions because they were pretty nice!It was a beautiful day out and we got to sit right in front of the door. I wonderful breeze swept by now and again giving me wiffs of spring and delicious baked goods. Already in a good mood, I took in the quaint and cute little shop and loved it all.Their menu isn't too big, but it's packed full of originality. I ordered the Ludlow Mac N Cheese first and  finished with a piece of the Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cheese Cake. The mac and cheese was to die for! It was so creamy! They used penne which was a wonderful change from elbow noodles. And their cheese wasn't your typical yellow cheese sauce. It was obviously made right there with milk, flour, and some type of white cheddar (possibly. I could be completely wrong here, just going off my tastebuds). I couldn't finish it all and mustered the strength of my good friends to help me out.After a lovely walk back to the house, I sat down and began eating my generous slice of Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cheese Cake. The crust was a mix of what seemed like peanut butter and graham crackers. I'm a crust guy and this crust was Awesome. That's right, with a capital A! The chocolate cheese cake part was more like a ganache, but I'm not complaining at all! It was fluffy and thick. Yummy!The Angry Baker can take out their anger on me anytime! Bring it on!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,7/9/2011,34,61,,4,3>This place is really lovely on the inside.  They certainly know how to space the tables in the room. It's a larger room, but it still fit like an intimate restaurant without being right on top of the next table.  The atmosphere was definitely a huge bonus.Everything on the menu looked delicious.  I love when it is incredibly hard to narrow down to one choice among many many good ones.  I ended up splitting the mozzarella and roasted red pepper appetizer.  I can say I have never had anything like it.  It was very good with super fresh mozzarella.  For dinner, I had the risotto and my husband had the gnocchi.  Both were equally deliciousness.  I will say the proportions were on the small size for the price.  Our main server was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Overall a great experience.The only negatives were the speed with which they brought out the food.  They had just brought the bread to the table and the appetizer arrived.  Then, the food came out almost immediately after clearing the appetizer.  In all, we had ordered drinks and eaten in 45 minutes.  I prefer to have the meal paced out a bit more especially when the dinner is not cheap.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,7/8/2011,19,85,5,5,2>I've been past this place eleventy billion times before but I never stopped in for fear of getting shanked.  Cafe Bourbon Street is a sketchy looking place for sure.Then I found out- via Yelp of course- that it's apparently legit and has decent music. So of course I had to check that out. All in all, I'd have to say it's not a bad little dive bar. Sadly, there was no live music when I stopped in. However, the bartender had some nice records going on and the drinks were decently priced, so good times were had all around.  If you, like me, are a fan of dive bars and decent music but have never stopped in here out of fear- give it a try. Take a friend and have a few beers- it's a good place to hang. One word of caution though: it'd be a good idea to take your own hand sanitizer. I'm wasn't joking when I said dive bar.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,7/7/2011,92,300,2,5,3>Don't come expecting a high class experience with hyper-authentic or ultra high quality ingredients, and I think you'll be OK. This is not a small restaurant run by your grandma and your cousin. It's a large, 3-4 room facility with a fun and friendly staff, and a laid back vibe.    My friend and I drove right past it the first time, and almost the second time too. It's in the Beechwold Center, and the lit sign is out by the road, and not attached to the building.   When we stepped up to the counter to order, we were overwhelmed by all the great choices, so we opted for the Hunter's Feast, with a side of mashed potatoes and cucumber salad.   I have to say, I was leery about trying the pierogis, as I make them in bulk at home from home grown potatoes, and I was pretty confident I was going to be let down. But after trying theirs, I now have a new description of what a great pierogi can be. They're huge pastry pockets, with the dough rolled thin, filled with light, but flavorful mashed potatoes, and cooked with a nice crispy exterior. One pierogi was enough to split as a side.  My other favorite was the cabbage roll(golabki). I can't say that I've ever had these before, but I loved them, and my friend said that his grandma used to make them a lot like that.  The kielbasa was good too. Flavorful, without being ridiculously salty. The cucumber salad was a simple, vinegar based, slightly sweet salad with sliced cucumbers and carrots. I was very surprised how much I loved the mashed potatoes. I'm typically not a big fan of any mashed potatoes that look like they might have come from a box, but these were really good. I can't say I was a big fan of the kraut and dumplings and the pork was just ok. Kraut is another thing I make at home, by natural fermentation, and this just seemed a little too sweet, and the dumplings weren't too substantial. I'm not a big fan of most pork loin type cuts, so it has to be really special for me to like it, and it wasn't.  They do also serve Crimson Cup coffee and iced tea, which was pretty good. By the time we left, we were very satisfied and happy, for just over $20, and we were definitely talking about another visit, hopefully including some of those great looking desserts. I can't wait!
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,7/6/2011,62,163,4,8,3>I've been to North Market dozens of times since moving here a few years ago and I'm embarrassed to say that I've walked by Kitchen Little every single time, favoring the usual suspects like Lac Viet.  However, I noticed the excellent reviews on Yelp and made up my mind to give it a try the next time I found myself in North Market.  I finally got the opportunity today when my wife and I had a quick lunch date... and holy crap, I'll be heading straight for Kitchen Little every time we go to North Market.I had the cassoulet, greens and mac and cheese.  The cassoulet and the mac and cheese were unbelievable.  The greens less so, but probably because I'm not a collard greens kind of guy.My wife had the bison stew which was equally impressive.  How they get bison meat so tender, I'll never know.The folks at the counter are knowledgeable and enthusiastic and the prices (particularly given the quality of the food) are extremely reasonable.   We'll be going back again, soon.  I can't wait to try the duck fat fries and the chicken and waffles.....
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,7/5/2011,45,139,3,3,3>Johnny Oak's is the type of place I feel cool for knowing about. You can walk by it and not even notice it. You can notice it and not believe it is real. I discovered this little hole in the stairs years ago while just a freshman at Ohio State and its charm, staff, and food have never disappointed me.(Sample experience)Cook: What would you like?Me: Something deliciousCook: What kinda stuff do you like?Me: Everything. What should I get?Cook: How 'bout a Po'boyMe: Isn't that pretty much all you have?C: Yeah, so why don't you get one of thoseI ended up on a Shrimp po'boy that first day. Then an Oyster on another. Then another shrimp, etc, etc, etc.My favorite part of the menu? He has ay-too-fay on the menu "Because I don't know how to spell 'Étouffée". It really says that. Hilarious.  I have tried lots of Po'boys at lots of places and I think this one is the best in the city. A nice, hearty baguette piled high with spice and stuff. It really is as good as it gets! Definitely my goto for Cajun!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,7/4/2011,56,17,4,9,5>There are some things in this world more dangerous than drugs and gambling. The tediously procured record collection at Spoonful records will result in all your bills not being paid.The selection here is incredible, the owner Brett still spends time searching "in the wild" to amass the amazing collection he has for sale. If you are tired of looking through dusty bins of collections that resemble your dads tired classic rock collection then this place is for you. Of course all of the standard "best" albums of rock are here to buy including most staples of any good collection (T-rex, New York Dolls, Lou Reed, David Bowie, Bob Dylan, Iggy and the Stooges).The most impressive aspect of this place is the selection of Modern albums. I managed to walk out with Sufjan Stevens, Bon Iver, Neutral Milk Hotel, BLK JKS, and Regina Spektor. I unfortunately had to leave behind the White Stripes, My Morning Jacket, Can re-issues, Black Keys, Bitches Brew re-issue, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Andrew Bird and so on. Simply impeccable selection of new albums and re-issues.  This is what a record store should be, a place to purchase and discover new music.   I do have to say that the hip-hop and punk/hardcore selection is lacking if that's specifically what you are looking for. The jazz and country selection is healthy but not expansive; I am sure you would be able to find something that tickles your fancy in either category though because all of the greats in their respective genre are covered without much "filler" albums to pad the selection.Decked out in impeccable mid century modern furniture mixed with 60's era pin ball machines this place is a chill lounge to spend hours on end flipping.The prices rival online stores because he goes directly to the distributor and sells for a competitive price. Hands down I will be shopping here over Amazon. Also you can use their shared lot with B1 bicycles to park for free.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,7/3/2011,61,59,,3,3>Coffee, plain and simple. Just  coffee. A friend of mine really likes this little shop. He said its the best plain old coffee he's had. So I stopped by and got a cup along with a Pattycake blueberry muffin. I could smell it on the way home, oh yum! It was soooo good I drank it black!When you get tired of syrupy sweet concoctions, (which unfortunately me and my waistline never tire of) drop by for your cup of Joe. It is what it is, plain n simple. But sometime simple is best.Great little neighborhood spot. Going there again? Yeah, me too!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,7/2/2011,72,39,8,8,7>PJ's, synonym for sheer excess. From the infamous "fat sandwiches" to the copious selection of artery-clogging appetizers, the menu is an epicurean epic. Abandon all shame, ye who enter here.I may be the first to review this campus barfly catch-all without having been 1) drunk 2) collegiate and 3) physically there. Mysterious, aren't I? Actually, I'm just your typical health-conscious Victorian Villager. But a wise man once said: "Everything in moderation, including moderation", and PJ's is my delivery guy guilty pleasure.Of course, the true gastronomic genius behind PJ's is their trademark fat sandwiches. Some are just as bad as they sound, and the trial and error can be rough. But when you find the one for you, it's like Romeo meeting Juliet.My doomed love affair begins with the Fat Cuban. It's an unruly explosion of grilled ham, salami and swiss cheese, with pickles, potato skins, onion rings, and a gooey mustard-mayo topping. Opt for the bun, not the wrap, there's no turning back now. My husband usually answers the siren song of the ironically named Skinny Boy Platter, a selection of chicken tenders, mac & cheese wedges, mozzarella sticks and french fries, served with honey mustard and their signature "high sauce" (ranch dressing, ketchup, and hot sauce). Unsatisfied with that? Make your own appetizer platter for 1/2 price an item! I recommend the munchies or the loaded nachos. And don't be fooled by the lettuce and diced tomato, the cheese sauce and chili ensures that they're plenty bad for you.The variety of available junk food is ponderous. Cheesesteaks, cheeseburgers, cheese sticks. Chicken fingers, popcorn chicken, boneless AND buffalo wings with your choice of eight sticky sauces. Not enough choices or calories for you? Add one of the eleven styles of french fries. If you're insane, you can even add a slice of cheesecake or a milkshake to this debauchery.And YES, they'll sell you beer and cigarettes. When you're eating the devil's food, you might as well drink to him.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,7/1/2011,42,175,2,3,3>So I really dug this place!  It was a 4.5 stars kind of place!You need to try:*chocolate gananche because it is to die for*blue velvet (for the novelty factor and the post cupcake blue teeth and how much it tastes like red velvet)The place itself is kind of dark.  I would love to see more tables or the cute factor upped.  They have a fair amount of flavors everyday including a special flavor of the day.  The cupcakes come in mini and regular.  The regular are on the smallish side (like, cupcakes you would make at home sized, not Tim Hortons putting too much batter in the muffin pan sized) but they are really rather good.  They are about $2.50 a throw, so keep that in mind.  The icing was one of the best I've had since I'm not really into sugary icing.The girls who work here are super sweet and I think I'm definitely going to be back!  I don't know that it'll dethrone Pink Moon, but I'm looking forward to letting it try.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,6/30/2011,67,288,6,6,7>A love letter to Ganache,Oh Ganache.  You are the closest cupcake place to my home and out of all the cupcake places in Columbus I'm so glad it's you!  Your taste never lets me down, you always give me free samples, and your staff is always very patient as I stare at your cases.  You never complain when I ask you to ice a cupcake special for my husband since he only like the plain ones, and you taste fantastic even the day after.Your cupcakes are also larger than the average cupcakes around town but your price for them is still pretty much the same.  All in all, I would totes make you my Valentine if I could.  But since you're a store and there are laws again that, I'll just buy a cupcake for Valentine's Day instead.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,6/29/2011,102,111,13,6,5>CMH is the Mayberry of international airports! The Cheers of transit hubs! The Mrs Brady of aviation!Are the mass mega-malls of Little Shops at SFO distracting you and making you miss your flight? Not here...no sir! CMH takes a "no-frills" approach to travel. Overwhelmed by thousands of choices for lunch at ATL? Eat Down on the Farm here at CMH, where the choice is sports grill or Starbucks! Forget your socket 5-20R to BS-1363 converter for your trip to Kilimanjaro? Don't worry, you'll have to transfer at a larger airport anyway!CMH is homey, calm, and has free wifi. You don't have to arrive 3 hours early, nor do you have to wait in line at security forever. Get there, check in, then find a place to chill with the (did I mention FREE?) wifi until it's time to go!Going to CMH feels a lot like visiting your parents (if your parents are my parents). Sure, they don't have broadband, and no, none of the local stores have any mangos or know what an "avocado" is, but doesn't it feel good to be home?
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,6/28/2011,121,124,2,6,3>Travonna has a lot of things going for it:- It's the only 24/7 coffee shop in Columbus, as far as I know, making it an ideal place for the after-bar crowd and students- It's part of The SBB; their deal is that if you spend $5+, you'll get 15% off your order- College students always get 20% off on orders on Tuesdays- The lattes are consistently good- The baristas aren't there pushing you out after you've finished your drink; instead, they encourage you to hang out and play some board games or read a book- There's a meeting room in the back that you can reserve (this comes in handy at random times during the quarter, I will tell you that)There are a few things that bug me about Travonna. The WiFi password and bathroom codes are constantly changing; I know this is to mitigate abuse of public restrooms and WiFi, but I wish it would stay just a little bit more consistent. I also think the lattes are generally pretty pricey (though they're solidly good). There's also a credit card minimum, though the baristas are more than happen to open a tab for you if you plan to stay a while.All in all, Travonna is a good option for coffee in the Short North, with a much different vibe than MoJoe Lounge or Cup o' Joe (my other hangouts).
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,6/27/2011,8,10,3,5,4>I've had almost everything on the menu in the less than 4 weeks that Mezze has been open.  The owner, Johnny, is totally awesome, and the food at Mezze couldn't be better.  For being short-order/take out, it's fantastic.  Some of the best Mediterranean I've ever had, and they don't charge and arm and a leg.I'd have to say that my favorite is probably the felafel pita.  Their felafel is wonderful.  The salads are great, too.  The egg plant salad and spicy feta have to be my favorites.  I could eat them all day long.Oh, and the chocolate balls are amazing.  So is the baklava, but the chocolate balls are much more unique!I cannot recommend this place enough!!!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,6/26/2011,15,31,2,3,2>It is not your P.F. Chang or Molly Woo's - A little hole in the wall, but the food is not shabby at all.  They were happy to substitute beef with tofu with the flat rice noodle dish I ordered.  This dish is usually not available unless it is at an authentic Chinese restaurant.  The noodle tasted almost the same as if I ordered it in Hong Kong and they were generous with the tofu.  I lost count after the 17th piece.  This is not a place you want to take your date to (please don't ever do it!), but it is a good option for Chinese take-out.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,6/25/2011,67,792,,3,3>I've been here several times and never had a bad meal.  I think previous visits we've gotten Pad Thai, Mongolian Beef, and the Chi Thai Combination, among other things.This time, I had the Pad Lad Nar, various meats and wide rice noodles in sauce.  It was a huge portion, everything was tasty, and the service was great.  Sure, it's in a strip mall, but the inside is very nice.  There's an extensive Thai selection, and of course the usual Chinese dishes.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,6/24/2011,78,138,3,3,3>Whit's -- please don't tell Jeni.  Please.I neglected to holla 'we want pre-nup', ya know.  But it turns out you're something I need to have AND she's something I need to have.  But when I leave you each, I leave with half (of my daily calorie intake).In all seriousness, this is some damn tasty goo.  It's a little shop like an old DQ from my youth -- service counter with a couple tables out front and a big illuminated sign out front that advertises the flavor of the week.  So it's good a good nostalgia factor of post-soccer dessert stops from my youth.  Not only will I not try to compare my two favorite dessert stops in town (Jeni's and Whit's), I will say that they are truly 100% completely different -- ice cream vs custard, crafty/unique flavors vs traditional awesome classic flavors, even more of an urban vs suburban kind of slant to the whole business.You can get your custard scooped into a dish or cone (sugar or waffle), or they offer various sundaes and what they refer to as "Whisers" (psssttt...it's a Blizzard), custard with mix-in ingredients.  The Gahanna Turtle Whitser is pretty fantastic.  They serve burgers, fries, dogs, and a couple other hot offerings, but I'm not sure why -- they have frozen custard here.  Seriously.  What more do you need?
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,6/23/2011,59,193,,6,1>This is NOT a tapas bar.the small plates are appetizers. you can't make a meal out of them. they are thing like cheese and bruchetta and soup. Tapas are spanish small plates, with things like quail and lamb and mushrooms and more substantial things that you can make into a real meal. I would not say that is true about the small plates here.I would say that the food is closer to an american/italian/mediterranean style. They have a handful of pastas and pizzas, and then some meat entrees. I had a blackened tuna pasta, which was seared and peppered rare tuna with spinach linguine and vegetables, in a puttanesca (caper/olive/tomato) sauce and feta cheese. it was delicious! very unique combination of flavors. my boyfriend had the beef tenderloin, which was perfectly cooked - presumably sous vid, given the beautiful even cooking. We shared a cheese plate, which while not adventurous, was tasty and generous. The prices are very reasonable given the high quality of the food.The service was fantastic. our waitress was attentive, friendly, and courteous without being pushy or annoying. she gave us time to choose out a bottle of wine. lowest priced bottle is $27, most are around 30-40, then there are some high-roller wines too. I like that it is a very diverse list of wines! and the descriptions are really helpful. The timing of the food coming out was great - as soon as we finished the cheese plate, our entrees came out to us. The crowd on New Years Eve was very, very young given the grown-up vibe of the restaurant. the average age was, 28 +/- 4 years. which was fine with me, but also kind of odd. I wonder if it is always like that.i will say that the menu is pretty small, but I think it rotates pretty often. I can't wait to check out their sister restaurant figlio!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,6/22/2011,27,16,11,10,8>I'll start with what I don't like about The Book Loft:Their website.  Seriously, it's horrendous.  I think it's even bad by 1996 standards.  Just god-awful. The Music.  The different music in various rooms isn't bad.  What is bad is that I've been regularly (once/twice a month) coming here for about two years now and they're still playing the same CDs.  Change it up, man.Parking.  No lot, just have to spot-stalk campus style.Ok, now the good:There are three "secrets" to The Book Loft that makes it better than Half-Price (and chains/Amazon).1. Buy a Book Loft T-shirt.  Almost all prices are 5% below cover.  Wear the T and you get 10% off on top of that.  I think the T is 15 bucks, go to the nasty website and print off a coupon for 5 bucks off and it's down to 10.2. Sign up for their mailing list and check out their built-with-frontpage website (best viewed with Netscape Navigator) for great coupons and deals.  Wear your shirt, and it is deep discount time.  Typical deals are 35% off while wearing your shirt.  That's sweet.3. If they don't have it, they'll order it for you for free.  Wear your shirt, bring a coupon and it's better than Amazon.  They'll also ship orders over 25 bucks to the place of your choosing, free.The rest of the story...Staff has always been extremely helpful and friendly.  I went with a list of 15 books once and they looked up every one to see if they had it, marked them on the list, then escorted me to their location.  BRA-VO.Inside can get pretty cramped if they are busy.  The phrase butts-to-nuts comes to mind, but even the customers have been friendly, though I wouldn't advertise this because there's always jerks somewhere.I love browsing for books.  I usually go with one in mind that I'm definitely going to buy, then pick up another one or two impulse buys.If you know exactly what you want and hate browsing, hit the staff up, I'm sure they'll help you.  Those that like to browse you're in for a treat.In The Book Loft, you gotta get da T-shirt. Then when you get da T-shirt, you get da mailing list. Then when you get da mailing list, then you get da women.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,6/21/2011,10,27,6,4,4>Chile Verde is one of the best Mexican/Southwest restaurants in the city, and you need to try it. It's lolcated on Sawmill near the Wal-Mart/Giant Eagle/McDonalds/Blockbuster, so you've probably passed it by without knowing about it.  Now you know, and knowing is half the battle. Chile Verde has found the Goldilocks Zone of southwestern food - it's not too mild or too spicy.  You taste the food, not the peppers.  That's great because the food has a terrific flavor and texture.  I ordered the BBQ steak burrito, and I loved it.  The juicy steak was cooked/seasoned to perfection and topped with savory melted cheese. The service was good; the waiter had the complimentary chips and salsa on the table immediately upon arrival.  We had our dinners within 15 minutes of ordering.There's a huge selection of food, too.  It's a small restaurant that has double the number of entrees of a large restaurant.  If I do my bistromath properly, that makes Chile Verde's menu four times better than other restaurants'. Chile Verde is an all-around awesome experience.  Go there.  Tonight.  Unless it's Sunday; they're closed Sunday.[P.S.  For more fun, this review contains references to 1) G.I. Joe, 2) astrophysics, and 3) Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.  See if you can spot them.]
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,6/20/2011,64,68,9,6,5>I've avoided writing this review for weeks now because I can't think of anything witty or snarky to say about Polaris Grill.  Let's face it, what good is a yelp review if all you do is *gasp* review the place? The last thing I want is a bunch of 'useful's . . .  bleh.    Anywho, perhaps something 'funny' or 'cool' will just miraculously happen as I write.  If not, I apologize.  So I've been to Polaris Grill twice, once for the brunch buffet about a year ago and once a few weeks ago for lunch.  The brunch had a zillion choices which ranged from breakfasty stuff like eggs benedict  to true lunchy stuff like carved meats and fantastic salads/pastas.  It was the best brunch I have ever had, but it was also the only brunch Ive ever paid $20 for.  Considering it was a year ago the details are fuzzy but I remember leaving full and happy.  My most recent trip was a weekday lunch with my bestie a few days prior to Christmas. (Note: places to avoid 3 days before Christmas: Toys R Us, Best Buy, ANY Mall, and of course - Polaris Parkway) It took quite a while to drive less than a mile on Polaris due to traffic but it was worth it.  Luckily on the way back my BF remembered a nice lil shortcut to avoid the traffic. Good news since I practice what I like to call "active" driving, which involves lots of slamming on the brakes and driving close to the cars in front of me and I don't think the leftovers would have survived.  BF and I chose a seat at the bar and to our enjoyment the bar area was not busy and was nice and quiet.  The bartender was attentive and friendly acknowledging our menu choices as "fantastic" which made me feel like a culinary genius.  The meals were served with a basket of fresh hot bread and a seasoned butter that was tantalizing and also a nice surprise considering the reduced lunch time prices.  We ordered the large 55 house salad and the shrimp/scallop New Orleans to share.  The pasta dish had an abundance of shrimp and scallops tossed in linguine and a tomato cajuin cream sauce.  The kick was nice and not overpowering.  The serving size was huge and at 12.95 fed both of us at lunch and was more than enough for me to have at dinner that evening.  The salad was fresh and tasty and the house 55 dressing was one of the top 3 dressings I have ever had (The other 2 would be the house dressing at Rusty Bucket and the white french at The Office in Akron,  What? You can't rattle off your top salad dressings or dipping sauces at a moments notice?  pffff  . . amateur.)  We ordered beers and the bartender had no problem humoring me with samples of a few beers I had never tried before (yes, I am high maintenance, but worth it).  After all her efforts I think I settled on a Bud Light so although she was probably cursing me behind my back, she was nothing but smiles as she served me.  Kudos.  I would definitely be back to give PG another try- the menu is very large (size wise it is somewhere between BJ's Brewhouse and The Cheesecake Factory) and I think there is something on there for everyone.  Also if I ever fast for 24-36 hours (you know, like if someone ties me up and attempts to starve me or I'm in a coma. . ) the PG brunch would definitely be the place to go to plunk down $20 and feast until I pass out.  Overall ( in an effort to end in a useful fashion): Polaris Grill, I  recommend you.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,6/19/2011,23,51,,5,2>This new location just opened and my husband and I had to check it out.  We always liked the food at Gallos on Bethel, but not so much of the sport bar atmosphere.This new location is just cute as it can be.  It is very small, not much seating and the tables are CLOSE together.  The night we were there (a Saturday) we had a short wait for a table, and were pretty packed in.  Before seating us, the manager  told us he had an open table, but did caution us that he had just "slammed" the waitress and it might be a few minutes before she could get to us.I appreciated the "heads up", but the waitress really did a fantastic job getting to us.I had the shrimp po' boy and fries.  Both were terrific.  Loved the hot sauce on the po' boy and the fries were obviously fresh cut-thin, hot and crispy.   Usually I am not a fan of skinnier fries.  But these were good.  I could have had slaw instead of the fries.  I love the other location's "apple slaw", but the waitress told his this location had a different slaw.  Just wasn't into trying the new kind.  That's okay.  The fries were great. My husband had the pulled pork sandwich and it was way too spicy for him.  That was disappointing, because he had made it very clear to the server that he didn't like the least amount of spiciness.  Since she "checked" on us before he had tried his sandwich, we had to flag her down to get her back.  (Also, a little disappointing, because they weren't busy any more.)  She did apologize, but didn't offer anything to really rectify the situation, except to tell him maybe he should sprinkle a little sugar on the sandwich.  He asked her to bring him a slice of tomato and lettuce because he thought that might cool it a bit.  She did and he was able to eat the sandwich.  However, he would not order it again.Please understand, this would not have been too hot for most people.  I'm sure I would have loved it.  However, we did feel that he had been very specific about his dislike of spicy food, so her telling him to sprinkle sugar on it was just a little annoying.Dessert was choice of Jenny's ice cream:  Salty caramel or Reisling Pear.  We both had the caramel.  It was great...I mean it was Jenny's ice cream.  Would you expect anything else?  I liked the fact that Tommy kept his dessert choices simple.We will definitely go back.  The high quality of the food was evident in everything we ate, even my husbands spicy (to him) sandwich.  However, we will certainly look for slower times to dine there.  I didn't really like being so close to a four-top that had two kids at it.   (The kids were good... I just would rather pass on their tendency to get loud and silly when they are close enought to get an elbow in your ribs).
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,6/18/2011,15,42,3,8,3>I'm a pretty big fan of Korean food, thanks to my general food nerdiness and a crash course from a roommate I use to have from who came from Seoul. (Mad props, Jin Gon, mad props) While I make no claims to have much of a yardstick for authenticity in flavor, I do know authentic *dishes* when I see them, and this place has one thing you don't see very often: Soondae! Bloody Soondae! (Sorry, I had to.)Soondae (also confusingly spelled as sundae) are pork blood sausages in a natural casing, with the blood being mixed with cellophane (sweet potato) noodles and barley. If you've ever had black puddings, imagine soondae as that, but a bit more mild and... noodlier, I guess. They offer soondae here both by itself, and as soondae guk (soup), which is what I got. The soondae guk comes in a rich, thin broth with a wide assortment of vegetables, beef heart, and some other kind of offal which was tasty, but I can't remember off the top of my head (tripe, maybe?). It. Was. AWESOME. Everything comes together like a semi truck of umami being driven into your tongue.Also, your order comes with 8 dishes of banchan (side dishes)! Eight! Rice was also unusually high quality. The very nice woman who served me (and who I suspect is the owner) informed me that they make all their banchan in house, including several ones I've never had before. Of particular note are a watery, turnip-based kimchi and some sort of marinated potato, both of which were unlike anything I've had and very excellent. All of the varieties of kimchi have that unmistakable freshness and sparkle that you just don't get from the supermarket. The only downside is everything seems just a bit too expensive, which is the only reason Min-Ga is not getting 5 stars. But, seriously, go here. The decor is very nice, the people are gracious, and the food is on point. I'll be back, just probably not as often as I'd like to!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,6/17/2011,125,65,2,4,4>Press Grill is one of my faaaaaavorite Short North bars. I don't know why I always end up at Bodega or Barrel 44 whenever I'm in that 'hood, because Press Grill is easily as good. Never heard of it? Here's what it's got goin' on:- Tasty, tasty bar food. Really. Try the grilled veggie sandwich on sourdough; it comes with red onions, peppers, mushrooms, cheese, and pesto, and you won't even miss the fact that you're not eating meat. They also have a cheeseburger with a fried egg on it... ya know... if that's more your style.- Large beer selection. They have several drafts (maybe 7-10?) that change frequently and about 50 kinds of bottled beer. Guaranteed to be something for everyone. - Of course, they also have a full bar. So, that's nice too.- The drinks are cheap! I think our beers were $4.50 and mixed drinks were $4.75 (or maybe it's the other way around). They pour 'em strong.- The atmosphere is totally classy. Sure, it's essentially a long, narrow corridor. But they have cute pendant lights overhead and a number of little espresso colored bar-height and regular-height tables, and the decor isn't too shabby either.Downside: it does get busy. Duh, it's a bar. But I was last there on a Friday night from around 6-11pm or so and it never got *too* crowded. And if you get there before 7pm, you're almost guaranteed to get a table. We snagged a sweet four-seater next to the window and had great service the whole night.This could easily be a great stop either early in the evening, for drinks and/or dinner before heading elsewhere, or a late-night chill spot. Or you could do as my friends and I did and just hang out there most of the night, gradually increasing the size of your entourage.Maybe I'll see you there next time!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,6/16/2011,13,59,,5,4>The Audubon Center is a hidden gem in Columbus.  I'm surprised to hear how many people don't know about this place.  Yet after they go they can't stop talking about it!  The Audubon Center is built on land that was reclaimed from heavy industry.  In fact, there are many remnants of the old buildings buried less than 20' underground.  The Center consists of a gorgeous building with displays, classrooms, meetings spaces, and gathering areas.  It is my understanding that it can be rented for private parties as well.  The building itself is a case study in "green" architecture.  Rainwater is reclaimed, there is geo-thermal heating, green roofs, and extensive use of recycled materials.In addition, there is a nature preserve, home to many different species of native birds.  There are plenty of walking & bike paths and even a rock climbing wall.  With all this going on, it's hard to believe you are only about a mile from the heart of downtown.There are many programs for kids and adults: bird watching, star gazing, and nature studies to name a few.  As a Cub Scout leader, I was excited to learn they have a 90 minute program geared just at Scouts to help them complete several achievements.Do yourself a favor, and check out the Audubon Center, one of Columbus's best destination spots.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,6/15/2011,97,185,4,6,2>I have a fluffy Persian cat and I let her hair get way out of control. She was just one big knotted ball walking around. The apartment was cold and drafty so I waited way too long to get her shaved. My boyfriend took Mona (the kitty) to Buckeye Grooming for me since I had to work but I explained what I wanted to be done on a post-it for him. I wanted her to look like a FEROCIOUS LION. I didn't actually write that down but I did give specifics like wanting her tail completely shaved except for the tip because the last place I went to left her entire tail bushy and I was all, "WTF, do people not know what an African Lion looks like?!"I guess my cat was a pain in the butt to groom and they ended up putting a little muzzle on her to keep her 4 inch long T-Rex teeth away from their exposed flesh...okay, her teeth are tiny but she WAS trying to bite. Still, the staff at Buckeye Pet Grooming worked hard, yet gingerly, on making my kitty beautiful.Now my cat is prancing around happier with her new 'do. She feels good and I bet she knows she looks good. I will definitely be back towards the end of summer to get another cut. [[I added photos of the cut for you all to see.]]
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2010,6/14/2011,52,33,2,4,3>If you reminisce about the good 'ole days, then you must make the journey through the historic streets of German Village to eat @ the German Village Coffee Shop nestled between something sweet & something meaty...Bakery Gingham & Thurman Cafe. Not just your 'average' diner (despite the whole 'coffee shop' name), this breakfast-lunch-brunch joint is right up my 'love for small town local places' alley! Order 'too much' & share it with a friend or lover (I did).Pancakes that melt in your mouth; salty, perfect bacon strips; omelets overflowing with fresh & tasty ingredients (they're famous for what I believe is the Western Omelet...or so they say) & hashbrowns made right with sauteed onions makes a growling stomach happy. The best part though...all for under $15 & service with a splendid smile. ;-)
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,6/13/2011,8,25,7,3,2>The sourdough pancake is always more sour at the other Ethiopian restaurant:  This is going to be a (pseudo) philosophical review.The Blue Nile is a wonderful place to eat.  They do respectable Ethiopian cuisine. Why must it be compared to other Ethiopian restaurants in far off destinations that might be slightly better?  Are you not setting  yourself up for perpetual disappointment thinking this way?  The owner is so nice it makes you feel guilty for every bad thought you've had in your life.  Is my negative disposition gaining me anything in my life?  What pleasure must a simple curry bring to him!The service can be slow- use it as a moment to consider why you are always in such a hurry.  What is to be gained by leaving when you are already spending time together with the ones you love in a comfortable place?  (Oh right, your movie starts in 15 minutes... where's that f'n check already!)The honey wine is really sweet.  Is it possible for honey-wine to not be sweet?  Would it still be honey-wine? Ponder that deeply.  The other reviews do a good job of explaining this place for the unfamiliar.  If you've never had Ethiopian, its closest cousin to the curious American palette would be Indian, but there is a sour profile that replaces the richness which makes it quite unique.  I recommend ordering one of the combo platters and trying as many different variations as you can.  It also helps because you might start to get confused trying to track which words means what- give up control- and you can relax and enjoy!Notes and Anecdotes:-Once a while back, the (as previously mentioned very nice) owner was prodding myself and my companion to finish off the complete meal and the extra pancake that he had brought.  It was a lot of food.He kept saying 'you can do it,' 'no problem!".  Then immediately after we finished he said "I've never seen two people eat as much as you two just did!"  -The honey wine is sweet, and I don't like sweet wines by default. I like wines that taste like sucking on gravel soaked in lemon juice.  But I enjoyed the honey-wine!  Go figure.-Despite my above ramblings of nothing gained from comparing restaurants such as this, there is one thing I wish they served that I don't believe they do.  There is a group of Ethiopian dishes which are basically raw meets cured in spices.  I've enjoyed these greatly where I've been able to have them in the past.  I don't believe the B'Nile offers these.  Maybe something to do with the local food safety laws? Jokes:-If you are like me, and you end every night out by hand feeding your date grapes or chocolate covered strawberries, please take extra caution in washing your hands thoroughly after eating this meal (no utensils).  Wouldn't want to ruin the moment!  -With the presence of the 'Blue Nile' and the 'Blue Danube' in close proximity, I dream of opening a café along the same strip called the 'Brown Olentangy'.  We will serve either bologna or turkey sandwiches on wonder bread, your choice of Doritos, ruffled lays, or Fritos crushed in between the bread.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,6/12/2011,12,5,10,4,4>Am I the only person who thinks basing the name of this place on Holy Crap might have been a bad idea?  Because you don't want to associate awesome crafts with crap.  That's what regretsy is for.I love this place and I hit it up every time I've got some bank.  They've got the biggest selection of unique, local gifts anywhere around and the people who work there know their shit.  You tell them you've got a crazy aunt, 81, loves cats and you'll be walking out with a gift that walks you right into her will.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,6/11/2011,22,29,9,11,9>I want to start off by saying that I like to think that I'm a pretty active person.  I go running at the gym several times a week.  But, I do tend to shy away from fitness classes because I have a very short attention span and am easily bored.  I know, sad but true.  So anyways, with all this, I was a bit skeptical that Pai Yoga & Fitness could keep me interested.  Boy was I wrong.Apparently, my running regimen had NOTHING on the TRX and spinning classes here.  The day after my first TRX class, every movement in my body evoked a "[insert mother curses here] SERIOUSLY?! Are you kidding me?!" Let me tell you, I was in pain.  That TRX class made me realize that I had been neglecting many, MANY, parts of my body.  TRX involves a series of movements with a suspended rope that engages all parts of the body.  The moves are varied enough to keep me interested and motivated [All while silently cursing throughout! :]. After a month of attending this place, I completely feel the difference in my body. The spinning classes are also challenging.  I am always grossly sweating by the end of spinning. The music blasting throughout spinning is great--which is super important in my workouts.The owners and staff are über-friendly, but never in a suffocating manner.  I also really appreciate having the convenience of being able to sign up and/or cancel classes online.  The patrons are also nice--they vary from the active to those looking to get (back) into shape.  The environment is very unassuming and non-intimidating.  PAI offers a variety of classes (checkout their website for a full listing).  I HIGHLY recommend this place if you're looking for new ways to mix up your workouts.  Do try out the TRX classes!Bottom line: This place means business and is AWESOME.  Oh, and it's located in a strip mall so parking is never a problem.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,6/9/2011,129,540,,2,3>I was sick on Chinese New Year proper, so I convinced the boy to come here this weekend instead.  It's tucked away in the corner of a shopping center off Sawmill Road, and its neighbors include a check cashing center, an Italian restaurant, a liquor store, a Greek restaurant, and a Mexican supermarket.  The entry is full of the requisite menu boards and fish tanks.  There was a large party in the hall on the right; we were seated through a door on the left.  It was not very crowded when we arrived at 5:30, but quickly filled up.The boy was a little confused at first about whether the food was family-style or single plate meals, but after we got that out of the way, we dove into the menu.  There is a good variety of Americanized and semi-traditional dishes.  I noticed that a few people were ordering dim sum (this was a Saturday evening), but it didn't feel quite right having that for dinner.  We ended up ordering seafood soup, chicken wings, seafood wor ba, and sesame beef.  The soup was decent, and my single serving would have been sufficient to share with the boy if he wanted some.  The chicken wings, crisp and juicy, were served with shrimp chips!  The seafood wor ba was served on a sizzling platter, and consisted of shrimp, scallops, lobster, snow peas, bamboo shoots, carrots, broccoli, and water chestnuts.  The lobster was a bit tough and obviously had been frozen, but the scallops were a good size and texture (if a little bland), and the shrimp were excellent.  The vegetables were a good mixture although I would have liked Chinese broccoli or bok choy instead of traditional broccoli.  The sesame beef had a pleasant grilled flavor, but was oddly served on a bed of sliced tomatoes.The waitress was the typical brisk and non-nonsense Chinese service.  Don't go to Chinese restaurants expecting charismatic, personable service; count yourself lucky if they are efficient and responsive.  She did, however, comment on the boy's chopstick skills, which he has practiced a long while.I had a $25 restaurant.com gift certificate which they redeemed without any hassle; our total was about $27 after the certificate, which I thought was an excellent price.  We will return soon to try the dim sum.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,6/8/2011,175,131,5,4,4>Wow. El Arepazo is delightful! A colleague and I were on a mission today down at the Winter Pearl Market and to our dismay, we realized there wasn't anywhere to have lunch there. El Arepazo was right around the corner to our rescue. Seriously, I would have never found the place otherwise. It's tucked discreetly in Pearl Alley. What I LOVE about this place is that it felt like a trip south of the border. The food was seriously authentic. Not like Americanized Latin American food, where it's loaded with cheese and salt. The flavors were delicately balanced and everything was FRESH! I actually had greens on my plate! I had the Mexican Sopes and it was delightfully yummy. The cilantro sauce they sent out with my meal was divine, too! The meal was hearty, but I didn't feel like I was going to have a heart attack after eating it. All around, a GREAT find. I would come back here in a heart beat.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,6/7/2011,56,78,2,7,5>Walking  through Columbus' Pearl Alley Market one Friday afternoon, I was approached by a young lady with a tray of samples with brownies and what she called "blondies." I typically don't go gaga over desserts, but when given a small morsel of a blondie from Sugardaddy's Sumptuous Sweeties, I just HAD to have more. A "blondie" is a rather new term to me, so it immediately gave Sugardaddy's a unique appeal. Blondies are vanilla versions of brownies and are absolutely delicious.Sugardaddy's Sumptuous Sweeties is located at the corner of High & Gay in downtown Columbus. For those like me, who work downtown, it's a great location. The store is only open M-F which is probably because most of their business comes from nine-to-fivers who are nowhere nearby on the weekend. I stopped back after my free sample to go buy some blondies. Inside they have a pretty vivid decor which I found to be pretty neat, even though it's pink and frilly, it was bold and fresh. I came to find there were even more samples inside, so I was able to find my favorites before i bought them. The blondies and brownies are shaped like a hockey puck and are $3 a piece. I found this to be pretty reasonable, especially for the quality. I chose the strawberry-peanut butter blondie (which reminds me of a peanut butter & jelly sandwich) and the drunken chunky blondie (chocolate chips & walnuts). I will say that I had a taste of my friend's chai blondie and I was not a fan. However, the ones I bought were fantastic. They are not too sweet and have the perfect texture.There are a good number of blondies and brownies to choose from, but there is not much else going on in that store. I really thought there would be more than there was. They had bits of brownies & blondies packaged as "spare change" which was clever, and cheesecakes, but not too much else. I was expecting a bit more, but left satisfied nonetheless.I recommend Sugdaddy's even if you don't have a sweet tooth (like me).
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,6/5/2011,52,126,,6,5>Things I like about Gateway1) Currently they have FREE The Walking Dead showings on Sundays.2) Beer. Cheap Beer.3) They still have student prices unlike a certain nearby chain theater.4) Clean theaters.5) They show indie films.6) Clean and pretty bathrooms.7) Food other than normal theater concessions.Things I dislike about Gateway1) Hard to find free parking.That's about it. Really great theater with a lot of special events and movie showings going on. I'm a big fan.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,6/3/2011,169,192,,6,3>I LOVE Northstar! I don't LOVE Easton or it's crazy parking but when I go to this Northstar, I don't care.Gorgeous inside and out. Food is delicious. You get your food quick and it's gone too fast. I love spending an extra hour chatting with friends at this location. You don't feel like anyone is rushing you or someone is waiting for your seat. Lovely. I can't wait to come back during the summer and sit outside.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,6/2/2011,51,82,,5,2>So I've been having issues finding my favorite pizza in Columbus. I have found lots of good pizza but I still hadn't found THE pizza, you know the pizza that when you hear the word pizza you automatically think about. Well needless to say Sarefino's is that pizza and it is AMAZING pizza! Big slices with crisp yet chewy crust that has a great flavor to it. A great tomato sauce that has a nice seasoning to it but doesn't over power the tomatoes. In my opinion though the cheese is what really makes the pizza unlike so many chain (sometimes non-chain) the cheese is well cheesy and when you bite into you can tell that it is real cheese, they don't put too much on but just the right balance for the slice as a whole. All the toppings appear fresh and delicious though I usually stick with cheese or pepperoni because to me a great pizza doesn't need a ton of toppings on it. This is the pizza that I crave! I wish I lived a bit closer but then again my wallet and waistline are prolly happy that I do not.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,6/1/2011,135,164,,5,2>For a long time I was convinced that no other decent tea shop existed in Columbus besides Zen Cha.  I was proven wrong!Cambridge Tea House has a very pleasant atmosphere that feels more of an English vibe than  zen asian. The tea menu focused more on English varieties.  I ordered a pot of the Vanilla Grapefruit white tea.  The tea came out pre-brewed in the pot and I was given a large mug/cup to pour it in.  I kind of wish they had dainty small teacups instead.  The tea was interesting - most likely due to the combination of vanilla and grapefruit, but it blended well and was quite nice.  I also ordered the sticky toffee pudding.  Holy freaking moly.   It was the best sticky toffee pudding I've ever had!!!  It's now my new favorite dessert.  It was not too sweet like it often is at other restaurants.  It just melted in your mouth and left you wanting more and more without that overly sweet or gross fatty feeling I sometimes get from desserts.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,5/31/2011,39,128,,4,2>Since I've lived in the area I've been wishing for an ice cream shop. Johnson's on Market Street has fulfilled my wish! Yes, it's the same Johnson's you know and love in Bexley. It's in an ideal spot, located where the Chocolate Octopus used to reside.The ice cream menu offers a great selection of flavors. The cookies & cream and mocha chip are both tasty. Sundaes, frozen yogurt, sherbet, baked goods and sorbet are also available. I have every intention of making my way through the menu. Pints are available to take home.There is plenty of seating with tables and bar chairs.  They are also serving Stauf's coffee which is a great alternative to Starbucks across the street. The decor is simple and modern. Bottom line: Finally delicious ice cream in New Albany. Long live summer!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,5/30/2011,172,99,2,13,3>These guys are awesome!!!  It was a little out of the way for me, but for the price, it was well worth having this place fix my laptop!  They charge a flat $40 rate plus parts.  My laptop wasn't powering up or charging, so I called on a Thursday night, dropped it off on Friday afternoon, and received a call back on Saturday morning at 9:30 that it was finished!  They preformed some fast work!  They not only fixed the power jack internally, but replaced both tips on my power cord.  My final price was only $68.  I will say it was a little bit of a pain to have to pay in cash (the only form of currency excepted), but I don't blame them to keep the costs down.  I had called around to a few other places and they all wanted at least $100. If you need your computer fixed, this is the place to take it for the price, speed, and wonderful customer service!!!!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,5/29/2011,115,228,5,13,10>If you love coffee--if you love espresso--if you love getting coffee that is made by an artisan rather than a bored minimum-wage coffee-jockey, you will drop everything and go to Luck Bros. *right now*.  If you're one of the many people who was displaced when a particular large coffee chain got rid of their manual espresso machines and moved to the Verisimos, you will find joy again at Luck Bros.Some people may have seen my other coffee shop reviews and know that I can be--well, harsh, when it comes to reviewing a coffee shop.  If I get a whiff that a coffee shop is marketing "serious coffee" or "artisan coffee" but also trying to be a bar, a restaurant, and whatever else (in the case of another shop I reviewed, they were masquerading as a serious chocolatier rather than serious coffee, same rule applies), I generally bring down the hammer.  When I saw the reviews for Luck Bros., I was hopeful beyond hope that when I went to visit, I would find a serious coffee shop that focuses on being a serious coffee shop; a place that would know how to craft a good cappuccino, and probably serve some good brew.Andy at Luck Bros. did not disappoint.  When I walked in, I may have looked a little lost--this is because I always have a crisis moment where I have to decide if I plan to order the cappuccino or if I will wuss out and get something that is more likely to come out right if the barista is inexperienced.  Andy asked me if that was my first time there, and it was, so I said yes; he asked me what I like, and I bit the bullet and said, "Cappuccino."  We then had a delightful discussion about the ins and outs of how he makes cappuccino, the perfect foam consistency, small pitchers vs. large pitchers (pro tip: you can't make a good cappuccino in a large pitcher!), shot proportions.  I knew then that I had found a kindred coffee spirit.  The shots he pulled were perfect, separated beautifully into body, heart, and delicious crema.My cappuccino didn't disappoint, either.  My husband gave me stranger and stranger looks as I obsessed over how good this cappuccino was.  The espresso was not bitter, as I've gotten in some places.  The $.50 I paid to upgrade to local milk (Snowville Creamery, the same that Jeni's uses) was money well-spent; the milk was delicious, the foam was velvety and smooth.  The ratio of shot to milk was spot-on.I've mentioned before that we're on a bit of a budget, so I was a wee bit saddened that I couldn't try out the single-origin Yemen and Sulawesi coffees that he showed me--both regions have some of my favorite coffee.  We chatted about coffee for awhile, and I was excited to be able to talk coffee nerdery with someone again.  I will definitely be returning again and again to sample the brews and to get a killer cappuccino.As far as the atmosphere and service go, everything I experienced was great.  There were a few storage racks out in the cafe, which would be a no-no for some places but was A-OK by me; it indicated that the product would be good enough that they don't need to back it with a prissy-perfect image.  There's parking out front, easier to get to if you approach from the west.  I didn't try any of the food; I was too enraptured by my coffee.Are you still reading?  Get over to Luck Bros. and get some coffee!
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,5/28/2011,114,521,2,8,5>Clean. Understated. Elegant. Mouton basically looks like a mash up of an Apple Store and the old but fantastic bar in your neighborhood where the bartender knows how to make the PERFECT martini. Clean, crisp white space with comfortable wooden tables and dark chairs, a long bar, and an elevated table set up for larger groups greet you on walking in, and the staff will give you a list of their cocktails, desserts, and charcuterie offerings, plus a gentle note of the wine list and specials up on a board at one wall. On a fairly cold and quiet evening when I stopped in, the staff were great about making sure I had what I needed, mixed me a fantastic Aviation, and rounded out my visit with a rich, earthy espresso that was a fantastic compliment to a small dessert sampler from Pistacia Vera.The drinks may seem a bit expensive compared to the size of the serving if you're used to martinis the size of your head and massive but weak mixed drinks at certain chain restaurants who shall go un-named, but the quality of the drinks and the skill of the mixology will quickly convince you that you're getting every cent of your money's worth. This is a shop where the ART of the drink is still alive, and well worth engaging in.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,5/27/2011,185,387,2,6,5>This is quite the little gem!Don't come here expecting a history lesson of crafts in Ohio-- this "museum" is more like a publically-oriented gallery, with special exhibits and classroom space. The "crafts" (a term I've come to loathe, as it usually indicates some camp project made out of popsicle sticks) is really about artisan creations. This time there were some jewelry pieces (and not something your cousin makes in her spare room, either) and quilts from a South African artist. The exhibits rotate frequently, so the "revisit" value is high. You can see the whole thing in about 30 minutes, but rest assured when you come back next month the experience will be completely different. Speaking of value, this joint is free. I would definitely put it on my itinerary for a day in Grandview.I haven't taken a class here yet, but they seem to be very reasonably priced ($15ish for a pendant class). The gift shop rooms hold interesting creations from local "creators" (again, I hate to say "crafters"). I would definitely come back here for holiday shopping for a coworker or that quirky aunt. Places like this make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside... free, locally inspired, and really standing for a purpose I can get behind.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,5/26/2011,134,190,,6,8>I doubt you'll find another group like FreeGeek in the Columbus area.I'm a computer guy by trade, and a geek for fun.  I often have the latest and greatest consumer electronics and computer parts, but hate to see my hand-me-downs go to waste in a landfill. I was shocked to learn that a lot of people simply throw away their relatively modern computers in the trash - sometimes only with a bad operating system, hard drive or monitor.I also love helping people learn computers, because frankly, the more the general public knows, the fewer rote questions I have to answer on a daily basis - which leaves more time for fun and creative work.FreeGeek Columbus is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization that has a pretty clear set of goals, with the flexibility to accomplish them.First off, they accept tax-deductible donations of computer parts and whole systems. They also accept volunteers to help sort things out, and keep things moving along. FreeGeek uses the donations of computer hardware and the investment of volunteers' time as resources to complete the larger mission - the bigger picture. There's a lot of work involved in taking in computers and parts, checking them out and repairing things that might be damaged. The nice thing about FreeGeek is that you generally have a roomful of computer people to help you out when you run into troubles, so you have an environment of constant learning about, and a growing feeling of familiarization with, the hardware and the software that everyone else uses. It's very empowering, especially over the course of weeks and months. Speaking of empowerment, although FreeGeek would love to have all volunteers work all the time, they are flexible enough - and have the computer systems to track - each hour that you work, and every piece of equipment donated.  If you only want to work an hour or two, that's fine. Work more, and you get more credit toward whatever goal you may have. Flexibility is appreciated, and it can sometimes help someone with an odd schedule, make time for this important public service.Secondly, once they've fixed up the computers and loaded them up with a free operating system (Ubuntu Linux) and office utilities, these systems are donated to non-profit organizations and individuals who need them. How cool is that? If a person can't afford a computer, they can volunteer to work a certain number of hours, take a training class and an adoption class, and walk away with improved computer skills and a computer that they most likely built themselves - from parts.  Nice!  You do have to work a certain number of hours - that's part of the deal - and there are classes you have to take during that period, but it's pretty informal, and the core group of people who work there to facilitate are great. They really love what they're doing, and believe in the core purposes of the business.Responsible recycling is the third goal of FreeGeek, and they do this admirably. Sorting computer pieces and parts into bins, they make sure that whatever can be recycled, is, and whatever items are not recyclable, are disposed of properly.  Not many individuals or companies do this, and it's certainly better for the environment.  Do you know how many toxic chemicals are in your average computer and/or computer monitor?  Mercury and lead are common, many have nickel-cadmium batteries, and some even have arsenic.  Re-purposing computers is a great idea, but recycling those which have passed their prime is even more important.Last but certainly not least, FreeGeek Columbus spends a lot of time educating people to use and maintain free, open-source software such as the Ubuntu Linux operating system and utilities like Open Office.  When you can't afford a computer, why pay Microsoft or Apple money for the basics, when you can use the power of open-source for free?FreeGeek Columbus believes in the teach a man to fish philosophy, and uses this wherever possible. If you need a computer, it's best to think about FreeGeek as a free training center, where you will learn how to build your own computer, and also help others as well, rather than a place for a hand-out. The skills you will learn during the ingest, testing and rebuilding processes will have the potential to help you immeasurably in the future. It's also something cool and computer-related you can put on your resume and talk about in interviews. Score!On a final note, as FreeGeek Columbus is an IRS registered non-profit organization (501c3), they do accept donations not just of time and computer hardware, but also of a monetary nature. Although not as much fun as volunteering time, you can make tax-deductible cash donations as well, which helps out with the costs of maintaining any business - rent, utilities and the like.For anyone who would like to learn more about computers, and who maybe feels like they simply haven't been offered the opportunity, FreeGeek can be a great place to start!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,5/25/2011,123,50,9,7,9>How can I say no to BBQ when I'm from Texas???!!!!  With my beau and David in tow, we left in our quest to find this highly recommended BBQ joint.  With none of us familiar with the area, we just winged it, nothing wrong with taking a unexpected scenic tour on a hot, summer afternoon, right?  Anyways, a bit down N. High Street, we zoned in our target in a parking lot of some kind of a convenient store - sorry can't remember, didn't quiet register anything else afterwards once I acquired my target.  After a quick look at Ray Ray's menu,  I decided on a brisket sandwich and the boys had the half rack of ribs and Sunday special, grass-fed beef brisket.  Service was fairly quick and friendly as can be on such a hot day... given the temperature, the guys inside Ray Ray's van must have been feeling like they've been cooking themselves alongside with the tender BBQ; much props to them for their friendliness and not forgetting their smiles to each customers despite the heat!  Anyways, because I come from a place where BBQ is taken fairly seriously, I didn't set too high of an expectation since I didn't wanna get my heart broken.  However, Ray Ray's did not disappoint!!!  My brisket was moist and tender and had savoriness to it (although I felt that there was just little something missing.. but then again, it could be my Texan taste buds..).  And they didn't skimp on the brisket, either, and the meat was definitely the star~  Overall, a nice and simple, well put together BBQ Brisket that almost took me back home; no Southern Hospitality missed here ^___^
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,5/24/2011,902,285,6,5,4>I first discovered Barcelona 3 years ago when i would frequent the bar area for half-off martinis. 2 years ago, I discovered Barcelona had half-off tapas on Mondays, so I would meet friends here for a light dinner and cocktails. 1 year ago, I discovered the boy and I could afford to eat dinner here if we didn't drink and didn't get an appetizer. Last night, I discovered that we finally make enough money to have a full dinner at Barcelona! A toast to being grown-up.The boy chose Barcelona for V-Day (we both have something of a soft spot for the place - it's where he intended to propose to me until Time Warner took 12 hours to install our cable that fated day.) We had a great waitress - our tapas were great, our entrees were great, our cocktails were great. Great.A great thing about Barcelona is their menu is always changing, so there's no point describing in mouth-watering detail what we ate in a review. But I will say it was all very reasonably priced - 4 cocktails, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees = $100Also, Barcelona has a great patio. And it's always easy to find street parking if you're like me and you'd rather spend that $5 on a drink than valet :)
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,5/23/2011,370,523,5,6,5>Hubert has done it!! He makes the BEST pierogi! I should know, as I grew up near Parma, the pierogi capitol of Ohio. I stopped by his shop last Saturday on a whim as I was in the Market for my favorite Jamaican Jerk ravioli from Pastaria. I wasn't planning on staying and eating, but I decided to wander through the market passing Hubert's Polish Cuisine and looping back around. I looked a round his case and Hubert approached me while I was snooping. Asking me what I needed, I inquired if he sold fresh, raw pierogi to go. He said, let me show you. Then, my disappointment set in... He opened a freezer chest where he had Styrofoam containers with frozen pierogi in them. He asked how many I wanted (6) and proceeded to break them off the frozen heap. I was really concerned this was going to be a miserable failure. He put them into a togo box for me. i then asked him what flavor they were. He said potato cheese onion and butter. That's a good combo. I asked if he had sauerkraut too. he said, no, that he was barely able to make enough potato to go around. Hmmm, must be a good sign? I reluctantly payed $9 for my 6 pierogi broken off the block and went home very skeptical. So, I cook them up last night after trampolining. (I deserve some buttery goodness!) and I discover that these are, in fact, the holy grail of potato and cheese pirogi! The filling was REAL mashed potatoes that were flavorful and creamy. The dough was tender and chewy and fried up great. My boyfriend actually stole another one off my plate he loved them so much. Hubert, I salute you! You have mastered an amazing Pierogi. I can't wait to go back and let Hubert know how awesome I think they are and buy more for my family! At $1.50 each, I won't be buying them all the time, but I will happily pay more for the BEST!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,5/22/2011,309,391,2,6,3>North Market Spices is the newest member of the North Market family and is really a fantastic addition. The North Market was in danger of becoming just one giant food stall and I think a spice place was just what the ol' girl needed.The entire stall is covered with ledges which house huge jars of spices from all over the world. Huge jars mean you can buy your spices in bulk! But if you only want a little spice in your life, fear not! Bags of various sizes are available for purchase.The man behind the counter was charming and helpful, offering to open any of the smaller jars for me so that I could smell anything offered. We chatted for awhile about what different kinds of spices can be used in baking sweets, and he was very knowledgeable. Personally, I would like to see a discount offered for people who return their smaller spice bags for refilling. It would save on waste and also save North Market Spice money on buying new bags!All in all, North Market Spices really rounds out the experience of the North Market. Now you can purchase your produce, meats and seafood for dinner as well as the spices needed to make a tasty dish. A+
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,5/21/2011,23,36,6,7,7>After dinner at Bollywood Bistro, my sister called my mom."Dada [big brother] and I just had dinner.""was it good?""it was delicious, and guess what""what?""on our left was john abraham, and on our right was bipasha basu.""did you take pictures?" said our mom.--Okay, so John Abraham and Bipasha Basu were there in spirit along with Shahrukh Khan, all three of them overlooking our food from on high. No, this wasn't a bistro, in fact, how can Indian food even qualify to be the "quick, easily stored" kind of food available in a bistro, I'm not sure, but from being Indian American, one thing I can say, the use of the word "bistro" is just another example of the old-school (read: my parents' generation's) idea of fun. In other words, alliteration is clever to older Indian folk. And the whole concept, from the theme to the execution, is an exercise in merriment according to a 50 year old Indian person and the fresh-faced couples from India looking for a bit o' home.  This restaurant is an old-school place of merriment, starting from the name and ending with the check delivered by the owner himself. One thing I've learned (and verified in my extensive experience) with Indian restaurants in India is that waiters *don't,*, in authentic Indian restaurants (that means in India) explain the dishes to you.The BB is spacious, with north Indian drapes hanging from windows and walls, and booth seating as well as sets of tables. The owner hangs out behind the bar and looks to be a kindly older gentleman who goes unnoticed. Clientele on a weeknight was all Indian - a mix of older couples and younger couples as well as a big group of twenty-somethings. That can only be a good thing. The waitress didn't know much about the food, and had to check with the cooks. But frankly, I didn't, either, so as my mentor recently said, if you don't know about the company you're investing in, you deserve to lose your shirt. Fortunately, I didn't. A goat vindaloo and lamb curry later, my sister and I were sated. We appreciated the waiter's asking us to specify the level of spicyness we wanted; we chose a 9 and a 8. Very happy with the result; this was North Indian/Punjabi cooking at its finest. The spices really meshed well with the chili powder. A couple caveats: 1. my specialty isn't North Indian cooking. If you can, scroll down and read Chander's review. Dude knows his stuff, even though he's vegetarian. And if you want to *really* read about Indian food and what authentic might mean, check this out: nytimes.com/2008/01/13/n2. The dinner prices are steep for a student at $12 per dish; I'm looking forward to trying their buffet, which is priced standard.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,5/20/2011,884,714,6,9,10>I was on Yelp looking for somewhere to eat Sunday night, when out of blue, Christina posts that the first round is on her for yelpers that come see her at Barrio between 6-8pm, during a cross promo with CD101's Sunday night reggae show, which was broadcasting live from 7-8 or 9. When opportunity knocks, I do my best to answer. So I jumped up, threw on some clothes, including a suit jacket. I figure, I'm going downtown, better dress the part! Haha. Now, I've been giving four stars less frequently because I think yelpers, at least in Columbus, tend to throw around four stars too easily. A three star review is not a bad review. So let me tell you where I come up with four stars...it's not the food, which I'll get to later; it's the space. I really, really like the design approach. The bar is a huge, thick slab of dark wood, rather beautiful, and the bar stools are likewise monstrous numbers with ample room for your typical American's caboose.  There were two equally inviting long, wooden tables sitting in the space behind the bar. The ceiling had these short strips of wood suspended from the metal frame above to form a sort of hanging ceiling - a very unique touch.Believe it or not, what really sealed the deal for me was the restroom. They had a waterless urinal, which, despite all the declarations and exclamations about green practices on the menus, you won't find at any of Lessner's restaurants...or pretty much any other restaurant in town, for that matter. The counter/sink was, yet again, a beautiful piece designed from a big slab'o'tree. It had a sleek, natural curve in it, as well as a big ole knot.The food wasn't bad either. I had the panko salmon and the vegetarian yelp empenada. The salmon had a crisp crust, and was bright pink throughout. It sat atop a bed of sweet potatoes and corn. I enjoyed it, but the knowledge that I could get a full 8 oz filet elsewhere for this price  ($12 - these were tapas) was a bit disheartening. Thankfully, the yelp empenada is on the house so this offset the cost. The bloody mamacita was extra spicy and extra awesome, but the sangria left a bit to be desired. Not bad, but I've had better. It could have used some more fruit too. Overall, I had a great time with our small cbus yelp crew, and I think I'll be back once it gets a bit warmer.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,5/19/2011,1214,553,6,8,5>I've always loved going to see Dr. Chen, but today's visit requires an update:First of all, his office staff - Liz M - is the best.  Seriously.  She was able to get me an appointment on the same day, and she is insanely helpful when it comes to things like insurance.  I've been going to physical therapy for my shoulder since December, but the pain was so bad recently that I couldn't even go to my appointment this week.  I went to see Dr. Chen today for an acupuncture treatment so that I could at least attend my next PT appointment without crying from excruciating pain.  And oh, em, gee.  After my treatment today, my shoulder felt better than it has in months!  The mister and I joke about this being voodoo, but I don't care what it is - I feel amazing.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,5/18/2011,82,150,5,6,4>Oh sweet beautiful taco!!  Nazo is sooo good.  I wanna say this is my 7th or 8th taco truck I've been to, so I've had a lot to compare.  I'm trying to think what to say about Nazo and feeling just illiterate.  Stopped here on a cold wintry night for tacos.  Its a bit hard to find, nestled between the Walgreens and a pawn shop off one of those weird service roads at Morse and Maple Canyon.  We we told to get gorditas, as its a bit of a specialty, and the Campechano - a pork/beef blend.  Nazo did not disappoint.  Now, I usually don't go in for fried stuff, but those gorditas were out-of-control-amazing.  The 'tortilla' (is it a torilla?) is thick, a little bit cake-like, and fried in oil on both sides.  The meat and onions and sauce is in the middle, but definitely get a little of the extra salsa to go with as well.  The messier it is, the tastier it becomes!!  Also got my usual lengua tacos, which were very juicy, very yum.My only complaint is that I didn't order more! At ~$2 a piece, its ok to splurge here.  If I had a magical food genie (best kind of genie, btw), then I would wish for automatically refilling Taco Nazo!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2011,5/17/2011,44,55,2,4,3>Yings is pretty good in my opinion... Now, I am not very well versed on the menu because I strictly go there for dumplings! I absolutely love the pork dumplings! They are amazing! The sauce is great... they are little packages of pork heaven that soak up the yummy sauce perfectly. The WonTon soup was pretty good too. The tea was fantastic... I actually took my left overs in a to-go cup. I have been to Yings several times in the last few years... the location isn't ideal for me since I rarely leave the confines of downtown for meals....Since I started going to Yings they have made some improvements to the decor and ambiance. Its ok. Now, the service... That is another story. On my last visit I arrived around 1pm on a Tuesday.... It was empty. I sat at a booth and felt very alone... there was no music, nothing on the televisions mounted to the walls... it was just me and my phone... The server said very little if anything to me... She sat at another booth on a computer while I ate my meal... When I finished, I sat and enjoyed my tea... I had to turn around and ask her for the check.... Oh... and my water NEVER was refilled... even though she came to the table several times when it was empty. I like the food enough to go back, but, this place is what it is... a fast Chinese joint in a strip mall. I have only been here for lunch and I have never tried take out... I think take out may be a good call... although I am not sure how the dumplings would travel.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,5/16/2011,65,147,3,6,5>I have saved my 100th review for what is truly one of my favorite places in all of Columbus - the North Market. I first arrived in Columbus when I was 17 - checking out Ohio State with my dad. It was between here and UConn, and I was still having my doubts. I needed to be convinced that Columbus was city full of life and culture. Thankfully, my dad knew just where to take me. I can say without question, that the North Market sealed the deal for me.In comparison to other city markets that I've been to, North Market tops all of these. Everytime new vistors come to Columbus, I always take them to the North Market - and it never ceases to impress them.The North Market has everything you could possibly want - fresh fish, meat, vegetables and cheeses. They also have numerous booths selling international cuisines from places like Vietnam, India, Japan, Italy, and Greece. North Market is especially good for those who have a sweet tooth:  they have Jeni's Ice Cream, Pam's Popcorn, and Taste of Belgium (waffles and crepes) all under one roof. And wine and cookware? They have that too.North Market also boasts and impressive list of yearly events that they run: a microbrewery festival, wine tasting festival, cupcake camp, fiery foods festival, and artisan Sundays and farmers markets during the summer. North Market is a one of my favorite places to be in the entire world, and is surely not to be missed on a trip to Columbus.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,5/15/2011,35,66,4,3,3>Whenever I hear of a joint where I can snag a Nathan's hot dog, I have to try it at least once, so I went over to Burgers, Dogs & Fries tonight to give it a go.Their "regular" all-beef hot dogs are nothing to write home about, but Nathan's are always flavorful and juicy, so I'd recommend shelling out a bit of extra cash to get a quality dog.  I had onions and relish on mine, and while the relish was just your standard grocery store variety, the grilled onions were surprisingly good!  They were small, succulent, and actually cooked all the way through, which is more than I was expecting.My dining partner got chili dogs, and when he popped open their styrofoam containers (I didn't realize restaurants were even allowed to use those anymore) I was pleased to see that the chili sauce was beanless.  Hot dog connoisseurs can argue with me all they like, but I have always and will always believe that beans do not belong on a chili dog.  They disturb the texture of the chili dog experience and they're taking up precious space that could be occupied by beef, ya know?I also grabbed a side of fries, but they were just the regular old crinkle-cut kind.  Crinkle-cut fries and I have something of a rocky relationship.  We will never be pals.  They live on the bottom rung of the french fry ladder of greatness, and they just scream, "Welcome to the school cafeteria!"Speaking of school cafeterias, you may want to shy away from this Kingsdale location between 11 and 12:30 on weekdays.  It's precariously close to Upper Arlington High School, and having gone there myself, I can tell you that most of the students have open lunch, meaning that they will descend in droves to any eatery within walking distance, causing lines that wind around out the door, and creating a cacophony of terrifying teenage melodrama.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,5/14/2011,598,616,19,7,13>Mon cher, cher Third and Hollywood, You are my favourite restaurant in Columbus. I can't stop thinking about you (really). Like a star-crossed lover, I long for you when I am sad, happy, angry... I lust daily/nightly over your perfectly warm, dark, and soft atmosphere, your delicious, perfectly crafted OYO dirty martinis, and your well-prepared but not pretentious cuisine. You are the most romantic spot in Columbus, not only for lovers but for friends and family as well. I would take my father and mother here as soon as the love of my life... oh, but what am I saying... will YOU marry me? Mais non... I have spoken too soon... I want to burry my face in your cheddar biscuits, lap gently from your long stemmed wine glass, soak my crouton in the buttery sauce awash over your perfectly-seared, garlic-coated mussels. What's that you say? You want me to - oh, let me dab at your chin for you. Ici la, mon amour. Tu es si belle. And just when I think I can't stand another buttery moment, everything is aflutter, a blur. The check comes, and it's perfectly reasonable for the high quality of the food, the service, and the experience... and, le plus important, mon cher, the longing I know I will feel when I leave. You are not the girl I call up when I'm bored, non, you are special, beaucoup delicat et delicieux. My body can only handle you every now and again, because I know you are the one, and I don't want to ruin myself for you, or you for me. But then all the more, I sit here, exhausted from tonight, exhausted and content, and longing for the next time my mouth shall meet your palate... Je t'aime, je t'aime, un mille fois je t'aime! Melanie B.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,5/13/2011,99,131,3,2,3>11 dollars. I paid 11 dollars to walk 9 holes. That is awesome, true I paid about 6 dollars in gas(it is in pickaway county about 30-40 min south of columbus) but still 11 dollars. This course was very fun to play. The ranger at the first hole saw that I was walking by myself and that there was a line on 1, so he told me to go to hole 10. No line, no waiting, no one behind me. Just the way that I like it. The course was nice and green, a bit challenging and open.  The greens were well kept and smooth. The sprinklers were going on 3 of the 9 holes I played which sucked. Luckily I did hit one of the sprinklers head and it added a solid  60 yards to my drive! I will definalty go here again.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,5/12/2011,182,928,2,7,4>I haven't been here in 30 years or so.  I guess it was so long because I was confusing it with another restaurant that wasn't very good.My dinner (the early bird special - which goes from 3:30 to 6) started off with a loaf of delicious bread and butter and then a cup of minestroni.  The soup was very hot and you could tell it had just come off the stove.  Next they brought me a salad, and if you can believe this it came with a COLD fork and cold bowl.  I can't remember the last time I got a salad with a cold folk.Then my main course arrived in a litte sterling silver bowl.  The spagetti was on the bottom with the sauce on top of that.  Personally I'd have rather had the sauce and spaghetti mixed but that's a minor nit.And finally I got a piece of cake for dessert.  What a meal!And the whole shebang cost a whopping $9.95.  What a deal!!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,5/11/2011,156,314,8,10,10>There is pizza in Columbus that I like as much as I like Mikey's Late Night Slice, but none I like better. And there's certainly NO pizza place I'd rather sit to my meal at, and that's for sure! Between the High Street hijinx and the movies projected onto the outside wall opposite this open-air eatery, it's hard to find a place that so thoroughly delights all of the senses at once.The pizza is delicious, period. It's big and floppy and by-the-slice and for most people, one slice is probably enough. Flavors vary, but you can't go wrong even with the plain cheese. The bar of a million and three tubes of various sauces leaves room for nearly infinite variations on that one pizza topping alone. The sauce, the cheese, the crust- all great, all well-balanced. The sauce especially is, uh, mmmm. (My favorite of the tube sauces is the "Slut Sauce." I put a TON of it on EVERYTHING there.)There is also a pantheon of Faygo flavors, although I always stick with the same one. What's it called? Shit, let me ask Lisa. 60/40! Cool.I also get a kick out of their specials, although I've only had one. It's called the Cheezus Crust and it is phenomenal. It's basically an American-cheese grilled cheese, but with two slices of cheese pizza in place of the plain bread. Excellent, especially after injecting it with 1,023ccs of Slut Sauce.Faygo, huge pizza, Gallery Hop: AH! such are the best blessings in life. Mikey's is rock'n'roll pizza, the place just cracks me up- and I am so happy to see that they are spreading to multiple locations. This is your awesome, Columbus!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,5/9/2011,33,189,,3,4>We were very excited about this place and eager to support them.  There isn't much variety in our Middle Eastern cuisine in Columbus... lots of just "Middle Eastern", not a lot of Persian v. Afghani v. Lebanese. As a table, we got a pretty wide spread of their offerings.  We tried all of their vegetarian dishes and the meat eaters had some of that, too, and seemed to enjoy it, but I don't have a personal opinion.  The atmosphere is very strip-mall-ethnic restaurant-ish, which I personally enjoy. There's a traditional outfit on the wall, a map of Afghanistan, and that's about it.  Ultimately, this is a winning ethnic restaurant in my (highly experienced, might I say) opinion.  We've been to most ethnic restaurants in Columbus and are striving to hit them all, and there's more to a review than just the food.  Is the food authentic?  Can you get things there that you can't get at another restaurant of the same region?  Does it feel more like their catering to an American pallet or are they using their family recipes and personal favorites?  For Cafe Kabul, the food was certainly unique from other Middle Eastern joints. We tasted spices and flavor combos we've never had before. They had country specific bread, entrees, a drink and a dessert.  A+++ Then, is the staff helpful?  Sometimes the languages are in a different language, make little sense, or are just generally foreign.  Suggestions on popular dishes, what they like, what you HAVE to have are appreciated. The guy working here answered questions but didn't offer explanations unless probed. I explain that because honestly, I wouldn't go back to Cafe Kabul for the food.  The hummus was more bland than I prefer, I don't like cooked spinach, the eggplant was delicious but so heavy I couldn't eat enough to be full.  it was all okay. But it was a positive experience overall and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,5/8/2011,36,34,5,4,4>Lac Viet (Now Lan Viet) is the best Vietnamese cuisine I've ever had. Not only do I get consistent customer service, I get a meal that I know is going to be delicious, satisfying, nutritious, and filling!I thank Lan Viet for the few days I've been sick. I'm usually sick as a dog through winter, but thanks to their PERFECT Pho, I've been truckin' away and feelin' fine!The rice noodles are always cooked perfectly. All of their dishes explode with flavor for me. I always find my self slurping down the last bit of what's left.One suggestion: Coca-Cola goes really well with their Pho Ga.Lan Viet! FOR THE WIN!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,5/7/2011,34,61,2,2,4>This review is solely of their burger night.  And it was the most fabulous burger night I have ever had.Things I loved:-THE BURGERS!  Seriously, this was one delicious $3.50 burger and they actually listened to how you want it cooked.  They have several delicious choices for toppings.-THE CHIPS! Maybe I just had really low expectations of what a burger night would be, but I thought it would be hockey puck burgers with no side.  This burger came with a generous portion of what I assume are house-made chips.  They were ridiculously tasty.  -Burger night goes until 9pm along with the drink specials ($3.50 margarita and cosmo).  Finally a place I don't have to rush out of work or out of the gym to make it in time for the deal!-It was crowded, but tables turned over pretty quickly (or we just got really really lucky)I totally made it into the clean plate club and savored every bite at this place.  I'll definitely be back for more!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,5/6/2011,9,51,2,3,3>Secret I am about to tell you....are you even LISTENing to me? Oh you are? Oh, ok cool. This church sell traditional eastern European foods on the first friday of most months. Only I (and my partner-guy) and old ladies know this. Now you know this. Know also that Mr Partner-guy, pierogi connoisseur, loves these piergoies. I ....don't . I don't know I liked them the first time and then....they tasted like glue. Perhaps, like sounds only a dog can hear, only a true pierogi lover can appreciate these. They also have pigs-in-a-blanket, nut rolls, and other delights.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,5/5/2011,19,85,2,4,5>My first impression when I walked in the door of Studio 35 was "this place is so. freaking. cool."I'm a softie for old buildings, nostalgia, and quirky joints. Studio 35 fulfills all of the above requirements. The first thing you see when you walk in the door is a full bar with  REAL BEER. I ended up with something or another from the Columbus Brewing Company (Pale Ale maybe?), and a 16oz glass was maybe $5? Not half bad for a huge glass. There's your standard popcorn and candy movie theatre fare, which I didn't partake in, but I scoped out the prices and they were way more reasonable than what your standard theatre charges.  You can also order pizza from the place down the street, and they'll deliver it to you right in the theatre. We ended up getting a Hawaiian pizza, which was pretty decent and got to us within 30 minutes. Pizza and good beer at a movie place? Score.The theatre itself was behind the bar, through a set of old wood and glass doors. There's only one screen, and when you walk in you feel like this is the kind of theatre your parents/granparents might have gone. It's smaller than your average megatheatre, with wooden seats, cloth thrown up on the walls, and a sloping floor instead of stadium seating. It might be slightly less comfortable than a newer theatre in terms of seating, but I thought it was cozy and had loads of personality to make up for it.We ended up seeing The King's Speech.  The quality of the picture and the screen were both fine. I didn't notice any issues with the sound, so maybe they took care of that. No color/clarity issues with the screen either.  The place wasn't crowded at all, although that might have been because it was a week day night.The real winner for me was that not only was this place incredibly cool, but it wasn't expensive at all. Student tickets were like $5.50, the snacks and drinks were all relatively inexpensive. All in all, Studio 35 is probably one of my favorite places in the Columbus area. I will definitely be back. I saw that they have Rocky Horror one Saturday each month, and beer tasting/movie nights occasionally too, both of which seem like they'd be worth checking out. Thumbs up, Studio 35.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,5/4/2011,100,132,1,17,7>After furniture shopping all over town (Value City, Kittle's, Ashley, and even American Freight), we were thrilled to walk into Comfy Couch!! The first things we noticed were the unique, sleek and modern furniture styles and very good quality.  The second thing we noticed was that we had been in the store about ten minutes and hadn't been molested by sales people!! When an employee did approach us, he was friendly, helpful and not pushy.  That was pretty much our whole experience there!!  We found a beautiful sofa and loveseat set and literally walked out the door with it.  They offered a one hour truck rental for $20, so we truly left with our furniture then and there.  They also offer delivery for $80.  I highly recommend Comfy Couch Co!! We'll be repeat customers for sure.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2010,5/3/2011,62,163,1,8,3>My wife and her parents love this place... which is odd as they are Gujarati (North Indian--by way of Michigan) and Dosa is not standard faire for them.  Yet, every time my in-laws are in town, there is at least one pilgrimage to Dosa Corner.I'm Telugu (South Indian--by way of Missouri) where Dosa and Idli are daily staples.  I would rate their mysore masala dosa only behind my mother's (which is high praise--the woman could take down any iron chef with one hand tied behind her back).  The chutney and channa is decent, too.  The chole and saag paneer is pretty darn good as well (especially since these are north indian dishes.)My three star rating is due to the seemingly random variability in the portions you receive when getting take out from Dosa Corner.  I'm guessing it depends on whomever is in the kitchen, but sometimes we get so much food for take out that we're eating leftover chole for several days.  Other times, we finish our order in one meal.  Odd.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,5/2/2011,95,91,,3,3>This is one of my favorite Indian Restaurants around town. The food here is pretty darn good. Although I am a little disappointed that they changed out the curry chicken for curry goat. Now I am a fan of goat. But this goat was kind of chewy. Otherwise the Tandoori Chicken, Basmati Rice, Potatoes and Peas, and Naan Bread are quite delicious. The customer service here is great. They are very attentive but not overly attentive. You know the annoying waiter or waitress that keeps coming over to you every 3 minutes asking if everything alright. Or the one who brings your drinks and food but you never see them again. They are in between. Buffet area is very clean and this place is pretty immaculate. It is also well lit. Would definitely say to go check this out.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,5/1/2011,92,300,2,3,2>Whoa, that's some spectacular flavor! Get the andouille po' boy! Thank you Yelp for letting me know about great little places like this that make life in Columbus seem exciting and worth while! You'll walk into a small room with a few tables on one side, and a kitchen on the other. They have some specials on the board, but check the menu and ask what they're out of before you order. When I was there, all they had to drink was half frozen bottled water and generic mountain dew, so don't expect a huge drink selection. Do expect a memorable awakening for the taste buds. This stuff is awesome, and I can't wait to try his BBQ trailer coming soon at Gay and High!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,4/30/2011,42,196,2,3,3>I go to Barley's Smokehouse very regularly and enjoy it every time. My favorite food item there has to be the sauerkraut balls with the spicy dipping sauce. They are amazing. And I swear, I normally hate chicken wings but they are delicious here.Honestly though, I usually come for the beer. TWO count em TWO handpull cask conditioned ales at a time. A fine selection of microbrew ales and lagers; most that I have tried have been delicious. You can always count on a good selection of guest taps from breweries around the country. They serve their homemade beer in growlers (1/2 gallon jugs) to go. It is a bit pricey at first but goes down if you bring back the jug.Two things keep me from awarding 5 stars. First being parking, which is pretty dismal. The lot is dark and torn up, and I wouldn't leave any valuables in my car while parking that is for sure. Second being service, which is always sub par. Working at a brewpub, it is necessary to know the difference between types of ales and lagers, as well as be up to date on your brew selection. This rarely happens and has been consistently bad the last few years I have gone there.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,4/29/2011,61,59,2,4,2>On the corner of Hudson and High streets. Go here for casual breakfast and brunch or lunch. There is a new cook on board. Also, they will not do separate checks, one check for one table, so if you need separate checks just take cash and give your portion to the one paying.The food is simple and the prices are reasonable. Featured pancakes are on the board on the wall. Try the coconut pancakes as they are very good. The Eggs Benny is very good also, especially with hot sauce. The apple and swiss omelet is very good, I add salsa & sour cream. I could drink the coffee by the gallon, it is soo good. They offer pepsi products and Nantucket Nectars to drink.This is a corner diner and the food is diner fare, not the healthiest but certainly not the worst if you choose your food wisely. The crowd is a mix of locals and OSU students. I like the atmosphere here, it's very laid back. The students will appreciate the OSU football bobbleheads under the counter and the pics on the wall. There is one of my hero, Woody Hayes, those were the days! The family that owns J&Bs are avid soccer fans. There are pics of Elvis and scenes from the 50s also.So, for a casual breakfast with great atmosphere, try Jack and Benny's. When you drop by be sure and wish Dante well as he is attending Rio Grande College and playing soccer there!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,4/28/2011,72,39,1,6,7>Movie "fans", you might want to skip this one - the Drexel is for straight-up movie freaks.These screens were meant to showcase the smaller films and film-makers, and the independent owners make some interesting choices. They aren't afraid to cater to Columbus' weird and wonderful subculture with film festivals and special showings, which feature everything from classics to cartoons. It's the place to go if you like your cinema a little on the controversial side - from hot-button political documentaries to the latest GLBT flick, the Drexel provides.If you can't tell, I'm a movie freak. I remember the Drexel West (may it rest in peace) and I can proudly proclaim that I've spent 192+ hours of my childhood participating in the uber-nerdly, mostly annual, "24hr Sci-Fi Marathon". Idling away many of those hours between Theatre One and the Radio Cafe, the carpeted hallways and gilded walls were like home to me. A dark and popcorn-scented home, but one with soaring ceilings and flickering silver screens.As a theatre, it's memorable. Add an experience, and this place becomes a memory.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,4/27/2011,67,288,3,8,5>Here's my star breakdown for the evening.Star 1 goes to the waitress who was freaking flawless.  There were ten people at the table and she worked it like there were only two.  My water never got close to empty, the food came out at the right times, she asked me how I liked each of my dishes and when it was time for the checks she was incredibly fast and efficient. Star 2 goes to the decor.  It might not be everyone's bag but I really loved the feel.  It was very clean and had an open, airy feel that made the place feel much bigger than it was.  When compared to somewhere like Marcella's where they pack you in like sardines, it was fantastic.Star 3 goes to the sushi.  I tried the Three's Company (a California Roll topped with Salmon, Tuna and Avocado) and the Spicy Avocado Almond Roll.  They were both very good.  The Spicy Avocado roll didn't have a lot of kick, but when dipped in the spicy mayo that came on the side it was incredible.  I could have eaten two rolls all by myself, it was that good.Star 4 goes to the Mai Tai that just kept getting better as the night rolled on.  It was a little sweet for my tastes at first (and the waitress had warned me it was VERY sweet) but as the ice melted it mellowed a bit and ended up perfect.So why the missing star?My Eurasia salad was just meh.  The salad dressing was good but the salad beneath didn't do much for me.  It could have used something other than lettuce to give it some oomph, and the ingredients in it were absolutely identical to the ingredients in the Lemongrass salad, despite the fact that on the menu they were listed as being slightly more different.Still, four stars is pretty darn good and I'd definitely eat there again.  Especially if I was looking for a place to take a group.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2011,4/26/2011,102,111,2,5,2>Gee Willikers is a New York deli that just opened in New Albany.  I'm in a perpetual search for The Perfect Ruben, so when a friend mentioned this place I was excited to see what deliciousness it might bring to my suburb, where the closest ruben is from Arby's.It's not bad...A-OK, indeed, and a definite welcomed addition to the area.The physical space is generally pleasant, though feels a bit "Rally's" with the checkered wallpaper and color scheme.The owner / cashier / cook was incredibly friendly and helpful. I got a ruben with corned beef.  It was good: heaps of good corned beef--not the fatty kind some places use, nicely toasted rye, a giant half spear pickle, and chips.  Everything for $9.99.  Though the corned beef was leaner than some places, it was also edging on the bland side.  I asked for a bit more 1000 Island dressing, and that helped bring the sandwich up a few levels.This isn't a bad place at all.  It's not the best deli I've been to, but I'm glad it's here and nearby.  I'll be back.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,4/25/2011,121,124,4,8,6>As someone who grew up in western New York state with an Italian family, I've been missing not only home-cooked, carbohydrate-dense meals, but also the experience of small town markets and delis. More importantly, however, I've in need of authentic hot Italian sausage. It's so easy to find good bratwurst and other types of sausages in Columbus...where was the good Italian stuff?!Some talk amongst food-loving peers, and all roads pointed to Carfagna's. Imagine my delight as I walked in to find a small but bustling market with a gigantic meat counter and aisle upon aisle of delicious imported Italian (and other) goods. I was in my glory. I hastily grabbed six boxes of certain pasta shapes that are difficult to find in Columbus. My boyfriend, who is not Italian, likes to point out that moment of crazed glee. If you're looking for different shapes that you can't manage to find at Giant Eagle or Kroger, or even Whole Foods, I would definitely check out Carfagna's.(Side note: What's with pasta prices in this city, anyway? I miss the days of being able to buy De Cecco for $1.19 or Barilla for 89 cents in New York. I guess it's all supply and demand.)Onto the meat...Okay, you MUST go to Carfagna's for the meat. You will walk out with some amazing deals and awesome quality meat. We purchased a pork shoulder (roughly 2 lbs.), a half-pound of hot Italian sausage, three bone-in pork chops, 2 lbs. of boneless chicken breasts (at $1.99/lb.), a half-pound each of ground beef and ground veal, and one gigantic porterhouse steak (at $6.99/lb.) for roughly $35. All in all, including my many boxes of pasta and Carfagna's own canned tomatoes, the bill came to about $50.Though I've been eating meat like it's going out of business, I'm nearing the end of my Carfagna's stockpile. I'll be making a trip out here again soon.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,4/24/2011,42,175,5,10,9>If you live in Columbus, I highly recommend that you get thee to a Roller Girl bout because it was awesome.  Oh, you have something else going on?  Cancel it, this is better.  Roller derby itself is amazing to see.  The flat track, the outfits (there's a uniform, but there's definitely some individual personality in them including tutus and shamrock covered bun huggers.  It's very evident that this team has been around for awhile-they kicked all kinds of butt in the season opener this past Saturday.  The way these girls skated, it almost looked like an art form.  Being able to run into someone, go flying, and stay on your feet?  More than I usually can do when I roller skate.That's the other thing.  Watching these women make it look so easy makes you convinced you should strap on a pair of skates and get out there yourself.  At least until someone goes down and you remember these women are able to make it look good.Just about the time you think these women are way too tough to want to be friends with you, they walk around the venue and sign autographs, pose for pictures, and just talk with their fans.  These girls are your sister, your best friend, maybe even your mom (your very cool mom).  And they love their fans.  After the double header, the DJ spinning tunes for the event announced a couple times where the girls would be after the game if you didn't get enough of them at the game.One thing's for sure.  I'll definitely be back.  For $15 a seat (including one of the front row "suicide seats", where the action could end up in your lap), seeing the Ohio Roller Girls is a heck of a deal!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2011,4/23/2011,78,138,5,5,4>Hey let's party, let's rock!  We've got tickets to the Cinemark...along with me and front-row Joe...Popcorn Penny -- where'd she go?The tacky neon purple and green color palette of this place was horrible when it opened in the mid 90's, and kind of like that gallon of milk that's been sitting next to the radiator for three weeks...it's not getting any better with time.  But what'll you find here?  I'll let you know -- cheaper movies and an acceptable theatre going experience.  I've not had an issue with the theatre being sticky or unclean, personally...or broken chairs (any more than typical).  All the theatres feature stadium seating and the chairs are comfy enough (though nowhere near as comfy as the Marcus at Crosswoods, my mecca of movie theatre seat comfort).It's a decent place to catch a film.  If they still played that freakin' awesome song at the beginning of their movies...I'd have given it an extra star just for that.  RIP Popcorn Penny and Front-Row Joe.  RIP.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,4/22/2011,67,792,3,5,5>An amazing little place.  Went with a friend who recommended it highly, and it lived up to my expectations.  It's in a rough area, and the building is kinda small, but you step in and immediately smell all that wonderful food.  The folks who run it are nice, and explain anything you're not familiar with.We got an assortment: pepper beef, curry goat, oxtail, jerk chicken, brown stew chicken.  All were very good; the brown stew was incredible- marinated and fried, I think.  The jerk chicken was not very hot for jerk, but tasty, and they said they can adjust the spice if you want.  All came with very good rice and cabbage.  We got sweet potato pie for dessert; not made there, apparently, but definitely local.The main courses come in small, medium, and large portions.  A really nice option, and even the small is a large amount.  Drinks are canned pop and bottles of Jamaican drinks like ginger beer.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,4/20/2011,181,124,2,6,5>When my friends told me to check out Rogue Bakery and swore by the delectable magic of their cookies, I was doubtful. After all, I'm not a huge cookie fan. But, Rogue Bakery won me over with their "Shop Now" tab here on Facebook (cookie fan I am not, but I AM a social media fan!). So I ordered the Comparison Sampler (all without leaving Facebook - nice!) and waited.Not 2 days later did my cookies arrive. Personally delivered to my house in a cute paper bag with an adorable sticker on it. Each cookie was wrapped and stamped with a sticker that told a little narrative about that particular cookie. AND, in some cases, there was a green tag attached to a cookie, asking me to tweet to @RogueBakery if I liked that cookie. (Um, can the social media integration GET any cooler?)And then... I took my first heavenly bite... I tried the Ancho Chili Peanut Butter cookie first and it was pure ecstasy. It was moist (as were all the other cookies) and had a smooth peanut butter flavor with a slight chili punch (genious!). I was impressed by both the quality of the cookies AND by the variety of the flavors/combinations. I can't wait to try more from this innovative bakery!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,4/19/2011,68,133,5,14,6>A little background - I'm not really a "tattoo guy"  and actually was kind of opposed to the idea of ever having one as recently as a few years ago.  However, I warmed dramatically to the idea over the last couple of months and was finally pushed into action after an impromptu visit to Short North Tattoo with a friend of mine. We stopped in to say hello to his brother, who was getting a piece done by Cary, one of the artists at the studio.I was extremely impressed as soon as I walked in, as the studio doubles as an art gallery, and the space has a very clean, minimalist feel with hardwood floors, high ceilings, and exposed brick. Cary was gracious enough to discuss my possible tattoo while he was working on my friend's brother's piece, and seemed genuinely excited about working with me. We exchanged a couple of ideas, and he committed to sending me a sketch of what he came up with. The sketch ended up being truly amazing, and surpassed my wildest expectations.  I immediately made an appointment to have the work completed. (Let me just say that Cary is an awesome artist. His work doesn't begin and end with tattoos - he has many paintings and other works on display in the studio that are available for purchase.)On the day of my appointment, Cary was very professional and kept my mind at ease, as this was my first tattoo. The whole set up was very clean and very sterile...not like those nasty ass tattoo parlors you see in the movies.  Over the course of the two hours it took to complete the work, I watched in amazement as Cary basically turned my arm into a work of art. I could not be happier with the outline, and can't wait to return in two weeks and have him do the coloring and shading (hopefully the pain subsides before then. Haha.)  Cary charges $100/hour, which is extremely reasonable for an artist of his caliber. He won't work on other peoples work, so don't walk in expecting him to fix the tramp stamp you got when you were 18. However, if you want a truly original piece of art that will literally be a part of you for the rest of your life, do yourself a favor and check out Cary and Short North Tattoo.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2011,4/18/2011,125,159,3,4,3>Stopped in for lunch today for the first time since I lived in the Village and have to say I was impressed.  I had the "Revenge of the 49", I think, which was braunschweiger with onion, tomato and mustard.  Not the usual fare, but something you only usually get at a deli.   It did not disappoint!  Huge sandwich, lots of meat and the right amount of toppings and mustard.  I got a decent whole pickle with the sandwich and it was under $7 so I was pretty pleased.   I'll go back, if I'm in the neighborhood.  I don't think its fair to compare to Katzinger's, just take it for what it is.  A pretty good, neighborhood deli as a nice alternative to its more expensive, flashy cousin up the road.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,4/17/2011,27,16,7,4,3>Go for dinner- not for brunchMy breakfast/lunch experiences have been solid 3 star affairs.  Overpriced omelettes and mimosas, really nothing to write home about other than it being overly expensive.Dinner, on the other hand, is amazing. Dinner is a 6 and brunch is a 3.I had the Lobster bisque and Salmon Oscar- both of which are now culinary fantasies.  Seriously, with every bite of bisque I found myself closer and closer to tears.  Tears of joy because it was so delicious, and tears of sadness because I thought that my entrée would pale in comparison.  I couldn't have been wronger.(yeah, I said wronger, wanna fight about it?)  The Salmon Oscar was so perfectly done that I felt shamed for having raved about the Columbus Fish Market to friends.  Served with spinach and potatoes I couldn't get enough and found a great despair overwhelming me when I realized I was nearing the last bite.  As my girlfriend pulled the steak knife away from my wrist while chewing the last bite, I knew I had to spread the word.But enough about this amazing salmon...The decor outside (inside was off limits, for some reason- might not be normal, for brunch during the summer) was O.K.  Not spectacular, not as beautiful as Barcelona, but not shabby.  Inside is very classy, not extremely loud, no silly/crazy shit on the walls.  You hear that restaurant industry??! Not everyone wants to see stop-signs and movie posters from the 80s while they eat!  I'm over it!  Gentleman: if you want to treat a lady (or guy for that matter) right, bring her here.  I promise you'll get lucky... lucky as far as having a fantastic dinner goes, anything else is up to your date ;-)Our service was phenomenal, and has been no matter what time we come.  It's pretty obvious these are professional servers and not college kids working for beer money.(and if they are, more power to them, they do a great job)Price- well, as the saying goes, "you get what you pay for" and here you get a lot.  I mistakenly ordered a 75 dollar bottle of wine thinking it was 1/3 that price, but damn it was good.  I would say a "cheap" night here for two could end at 50 bucks if you don't get alcohol/appetizers and you're a 15%er no matter how good the service is(shame on you!).Overall, 2 things keep me from giving Lindey's five stars- their brunch, and the price.  If money is no object they come for dinner and expect five stars.  If you're like me and your Friday expenditures dictate your Saturday night, save this place for a special occasion.  And I mean REALLY special, because that's what you'll get.**BONUS INFORMATION**Look, I don't care how "hood" you are, or how "rough" you clam to be- take your damn ballcap off when you come to a nice restaurant.  This isn't McDonalds and the dinner options don't have numbers next to them.  Wear an IRONED dress shirt, tuck it in to some slacks (not jeans!) and take off those damn Nike Airs you've been rocking since 1999.  A tie would be a nice touch, but hey, if you follow the first 4 suggestions, a tie would be extra credit. (unless said tie has a Looney Tunes character on it, in which case, negative points)
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,4/16/2011,19,276,2,3,4>I worked at a soft-serve stand for seven years & as a result, consider myself somewhat of a semi-professional ice cream girl.  I'd been hearing good things about Cuzzins so I dragged the BF on a particularly cold night to Lane Ave to check it out.  It's somewhat hidden behind Rusty Bucket, but just look for the sign overhead & you'll find it.  Process is easy enough to follow & they have a great selection of toppings. There are plenty of fruits for the healthier types & tons of chocolate for sweet-tooths like myself.  I'd love to see some seasonal fro-yo flavors like watermelon in the summer or peppermint in the winter.  Also a drink offering besides Stauf's would be a good addition.  Even some bottled water would help wash down all the chocolate that I consumed.Note:  if you happen to have a nut or gluten allergy (like several members of my family), Cuzzins posts next to the fro-yo flavors which are nut/gluten free.  Rest easy my friends, you can enjoy your fro-yo just like everyone else.  Watch out with the toppings though - especially if you have a severe nut allergy.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,4/15/2011,15,42,,4,4>I knew this place was going to be awesome when I went in and saw that the rotisserie was made in Lima. In my book, it's always a great sign when a restaurant imports its equipment from the old country; especially when it's a serious piece of hardware like this rotisserie is.My suspicions of awesomeness were absolutely confirmed. The chicken is slow roasted over charcoal with a dry rub and is KILLER. I don't even really know how to describe how good it is. You what it was like when, after eating regular fried chicken all your life, you finally tried Chick-Fil-A? Well, eating at Fito's is like that, but for roasted/grilled chicken, and maybe even a little better. The aji amarillo that comes with the bird (a sauce that is mostly yellow chile paste) is excellent, although the chicken is so good it really doesn't even need it.Also highly recommended are Salchipapas; a mix of french fries and deep fried hot dog slices served with aji amarillo, chimichurri, and a cheese sauce. I don't know where they get their hot dogs from, but they are obviously at least mostly beef, and are really good.Everyone who works here is incredibly nice (I suspect they are all family), and you can tell they are genuinely happy about you being there. Go here!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,4/14/2011,59,193,3,3,3>True Story: one morning, my boyfriend Googled for "hipster" on a Columbus map. There were two hits. One was for Bodega and one was for Tasi. We knew that Bodega was "hipster." Whatever that really means, I don't care. "Hipsters" seem to have good, albeit pretentious tastes in food. I looked up Tasi's menu, and it looked awesome, so off we went.I ordered the potato pancakes with house smoked salmon. It was definitely tasty, but kind of small. It was listed as an appetizer, so I should have known better, but for the price I expected a brunch-sized plate. My bad.My boyfriend had the sausage biscuits and gravy, which were awesome. I ended up eating a bunch of them because I was obviously still hungry after my overly small breakfast choice. He also had a bloody mary, which was spicy and horseradish-y, just like it ought to be.Service was good and friendly. The space is really cool, warehouse-y with elegant touches (like the water/tea station). I'll definitely be back for brunch again.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,4/13/2011,13,59,,14,2>When Louie says "fusion", he really means it. Louie's is certainly a mixed bag of American, Southwestern, Cuban, Mexican, and even a little Mediterranean fare.  It all melds together though into a great menu which has something for everyone.As others have commented, the dining room is no frills. It's quite large, with plenty of seating. Service was great.  The staff is courteous and will provide samples if you ask them.As I mentioned, the menu has tons of variety. Their are usually at least a half dozen daily specials as well.  For appetizers, I recommend any of their soups (crab bisque, chili, and the awesome Creamy Jalapeno soup are all recommended). Also, try the fried plantains which are made to perfection...no sogginess here!Prices are reasonable, figure about $10-15 a person.   Entrees have generous portions and often include a side of rice and black beans.  You certainly won't leave hungry.Others have said Louie's is a step below Starliner, which I find hard to argue with, but it's a small step.  When Starliner is packed I don't hesitate to drive down the road to Louie's.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,4/12/2011,125,65,3,2,3>I finally had the chance to visit Haiku when my boyfriend took me for my birthday dinner. Some may say it's over-hyped, but here's what I observed:(a) FANTASTIC ambiance. Luxe, classy, lounge-y. Columbus sushi restaurants are typically larger than the sushi restaurants you'll find elsewhere (possibly because they serve other Asian foods, usually Thai) and this was no exception. They had one of those tables where you sit on pillows on the ground with your feet submerged beneath the floor. So sweet. We went on a Tuesday and it was pretty quiet, which was nice -- except for the small child at the table near us singing tonelessly for about 20 minutes. But I hear he is only there sometimes.(b) Knowledgeable and professional staff. True, I was a bit turned off by our server's overly-rehearsed uber-smooth spiel about the specials and "how you doing" and all that, but she was friendly, cracked jokes with us, and acted like she knew her stuff. (We didn't really test out her knowledge because we zoomed in on the party platter like it was the only thing on the menu.)(c) Reasonable prices! Surprisingly so. I barely glanced through their extensive menu (oh the paradox of choice -- it actually makes you less happy to have more options! look it up! science people) but I didn't see any prices on anything. The separate "specials" menu had prices on their fancy rolls, though, and they were surprisingly reasonable. Like, $7 for a specialty roll reasonable. (People, if you are going to go out for sushi, please expect a sushi price range!) We got a sushi party platter, which is 40 pieces consisting of nigiri & four rolls, for $48 -- not a bad deal, considering we could barely finish it between the two of us. I'd never gotten a big chef's choice "sushi boat" thing before, considering I like to micromanage my food - it makes me nervous to think someone else is deciding what I'll get to have when I could just order what I want. Plus, I worked at a sushi place for 3 years in college, and I always felt like those combination items were for people who didn't know what they wanted or didn't know sushi very well. But I decided to go with it, and it was fun - like a sushi adventure. However, I did order *one* thing besides the party platter because it caught my eye and sounded too amazing to pass up, and that brings me to my final point...(d) The Dragon Lady Roll. Oh my. Ohhh my. Just.... get it.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,4/11/2011,97,185,2,2,3>I'm a fan of Marino's.There are times when I want Fish & Chips and don't want to pay more than $10...Marino's is great for a cheap satisfaction. With the fish platter you get two fish "triangles", chips, a side of coleslaw or macaroni salad and two hush puppies. It's very filling. The interior is nice--sort of a rustic diner type of setting with wooden booths and there is a little patio for warmer weather. Plus! There's off street parking which is always appreciated. It's definitely a cool little place.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,4/10/2011,115,131,3,9,4>A quaint little unassuming restaurant off the south side of High Street houses a brutal eating challenge, but also quality service and plenty of other menu options as well.After watching the episode of "Man vs. Food" in Columbus I knew I had to try the Dagwood challenge.  Some friends and I decided to take our stabs at eating the concoction named after the lovable comic star with a penchant for oversized meat-laden sandwiches.The staff is very good about accommodating you with substitutions on the challenge, which consists of eating a 3 pound sandwich and 1 pound of their mouth wateringly delicious french fries in under 30 minutes.The sandwich is generously cut into two pieces, the first of which I had devoured in 3 1/2 minutes. Due to my innate inability to eat tomatoes I had substituted them out for extra lettuce. Later on I would realize there was a pickle too which I also can't stomach. Our server was great enough to allow me to trade that in for another veggie, which unfortunately for me ended up being onions. Normally I love onions but these were so fresh and packed with flavor that I thought the extra onions would single handedly end my quest. Fortunately I was able to smother them in ketchup and push through to finish in 28 1/2 minutes.Though the parking lot was good sized, it was still difficult to find a spot, though I attribute that more to it being lunch time on a Monday.For those of you without the desire to gorge yourself on an overly ridiculous sized sandwich, the menu is full of plenty of other options for everyone.  Price is very reasonable too, even the Dagwood challenge cost only $10.50 before tip, with water to drink.I definitely recommend Ohio Deli, but make sure to bring your appetite!
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,4/9/2011,12,53,,2,2>This is a great park to go for some exercise or just for a nice walk to see the outdoors.  There are three main trails here that all connect together.  Two of them form a two-mile loop that I find great for running, though I'll say it is quite the challenge.  I'm used to running here a lot though, because my high school cross country team used to run here a couple times a week.  There is also a little bit of history nestled into this park as one of the trails also passes by an old homestead site.  There are still many berry bushes next to the homestead that are great for a few berries if all the birds haven't gotten to them yet.The park also features a wetlands area, a playground for kids, and a couple of group sites with grills.  There is a campfire site as well, but throughout all my visits at this park I've yet to see it being used.  There are also some tree markers on the trails to help you learn tree varieties, and there are a few lookout locations to take in all of the nature around you.I really like this park and have been there during almost every season.  The only season I've yet to experience here is winter, but I'd love to go sometime when I get the chance.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,4/7/2011,5,34,4,5,5>Best Thai in Columbus!! I don't care what anyone says about that other place.  Thai Lagoon offers meals with green or red curry and will spice it up as much or as little as you want.  My favorite is a non-curry dish though, and I looooove their Rad Na Beef.  I crave it often.It is part of a hotel, so I had major reservations about how this was going to be.  But I was so glad I didn't turn around and walk out. Once inside, the restaurant its fine. Just strange walking through a mediocre hotel lobby to get there.Food and service make up for it though!!  Once you go, you will be hooked like me.  And it will be like your own little oasis from the city hubbub.  No waits here, quality food without the crowds what could be better!!!!  (that is until everyone discovers it!)They also have a full service bar, and I have had their house merlot, and it is superb.  I didn't even know Merlot could be superb, but it is.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,4/6/2011,105,485,2,3,4>I am so glad I finally went to check this place out! It was excellent! I got a bean enchilada and beef taco with rice. Not too fancy, but I'm so glad because everyone else at the table got more than they bargained for! The portions are HUGE. My friend ordered what I think was called the El Molcajete after looking back at the online menu. This thing was crazy big. All your hot stuff comes in a hot stone like bowl, then you have a plate of rice, beans, lettuce, and sour cream, and THEN you get tortillas. She ate til she was stuffed and still have enough for another meal or two! The cheesecake dessert is delicious too! I'll def be back here again soon!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,4/5/2011,175,131,1,4,3>Did you know that there are 150 licensed wineries in Ohio (according to the Ohio Grape Industries Committee)? Not all of them are made equally, though. One that stands out is Signature Wines and owner/winemaker Kelly Harvey.Signature Wines is a boutique urban micro-winery that makes premium wine from California Grapes. (With the exception of the Port, which was made with Ohio grapes). Harvey began her wine making career at home. As a biologist, wine making married her love for science and vino. In 2004, Harvey decided to go commercial, and established Signature Wines in East Columbus.Signature Wines sells six varietals:    * Cabernet    * Merlot    * Chardonnay    * Zinfandel Blush    * Rosé    * PortHarvey gets the shipment from California in October and begins the "harvest."  I was lucky enough to get to see all the equipment used in the grape crush and press, as well as the lab where she tests the acid levels and "brix." For those that don't know, brix is a measurement of the amount of sugar in a liquid. The sugar converts to alcohol during fermentation. As brix numbers decrease, the amount of alcohol in the liquid increases. Fun stuff!Anyway, Harvey's wines go all the way through the traditional wine making process. Her Chardonnay, however, comes from juice and not grapes. That's only because white wines don't benefit from being fermented with the skins and seeds (they don't need the color or the tannins).Once her grapes make their way through the crush, press and fermentation, they age for at least two years in stainless steel or oak. She's got about 5,000 gallons aging right now!I had the opportunity to taste the Chardonnay, Cabernet and Port. The Chardonnay and Port were the standouts.The Chardonnay was made in more of a French style, as it was aged in stainless steel and not oak. An off-dry, fruity wine with accents of ripe melon, luscious pear, and sweet honeysuckle, the Chardonnay would be a great sipping wine in the summer months.The Port was divine! The first whiff knocked me off my feet - there were layers of caramel, nuts and chocolate. Almost like a chocolate brownie. Yum.  It was full bodied and brandy-like; definitely a perfect desert wine. It was so good that I bought a bottle.Signature Wines is also well known for their custom labels. Harvey believes that wine should be fun (and I agree) so she gives her customers the opportunity to customize labels for weddings, holidays, corporate gifts and other occasions. Soon, she hopes that customers can design labels on her website.Finally, in the spirit of fun, Signature Wines has hosted many fun wine events and festivals. Last year, they partnered with a couple of other local businesses (taco trucks and bakeries) to throw a Sangria festival. Complete with red chili pepper decorations, tacos, sangria cupcakes, live latin music and a piñata, 180 people attended. I plan to check it out this year.For those of you who are passionate about supporting local businesses, check out Signature Wines. I believe in Ohio as a wine state, despite (unfortunately) some of the crap being produced here. Kelly Harvey is one of the wine makers in Ohio who are making really good wine and having fun with it too.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,4/4/2011,86,139,11,4,1>Guess I'm going against the trend! I really enjoyed being here for swing dancing last Tuesday. Good live band, cheap beer ($1 Michelobs), and swing dancing... can't beat it! There was a $5 cover, but it went to the band so that's just fine by me. I think they have swing dancing every Tuesday night if you're into that like me.Maybe your experience at SH depends on what you're doing there and when you go. For swing dancing on Tuesday it is pretty much perfect (though if it got busier, things would probably be too crowded). It also looks like a lot of people are complaining particularly about the food and the bathroom. Personally I don't go to a bar to eat, but if the food is as bad as everyone on here says it is, that's too bad. I also didn't go into the bathroom, so I can't say anything about that.I guess if you go to SH, have a good reason to go, don't eat the food, and hold your bladder...
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,4/2/2011,93,113,9,6,6>This place is hilarious and very strange. Best coffee in town, I'm told, but it comes with it's bitterness on the side.It's cheap, simple, and straightforward - Coffee: iced or hot in large or small. That's it. All roasted right there, all french pressed. It can be a very awkward experience between the oddly silent barista and the people standing around in the 10x10 foot building sipping their drinks staring at you as you add, God forbid, CREAM to your coffee.  However, some people like awkward, namely, me. Some people embrace it because we like the coffee. This place won't make everyone regulars. But you have to try it at least once.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,4/1/2011,56,78,4,6,7>Hubbard Grille is a fantastic addition to The Short North and one that I whole-heartedly recommend to anyone who may be apprehensive.Now, I am from a small town near Youngstown called Hubbard, Ohio (yest, it is a real city in Ohio!) so there was no doubt in my mind that I would love this place for the name alone if not for anything else! It makes me smile to see the name of my hometown on an enormous neon "HUBBARD" sign that lights up the neighborhood.Since most people can not appreciate Hubbard Grille for its name, rest assured, I like it for far more than that!Upon entering Hubbard Grille, you will more than likely have to check in and wait for a table, as it is a very popular place. It's worth the wait! Believe me. Just pop a squat at one of the swanky bar stools and order off of their fun and unique drink menu while you wait.They have fantastic drinks, such as the "New Old Fashioned" and the "Whippity Doo Dah" (Pinnacle whipped cream vodka with root beer or ginger ale). You'll know when your table is ready when - get this - the hostess calls your cell phone from the front! Welcome to the 21st century, folks!Now for the fun part: the food! There is a fun selection of sandwiches, salads, appetizers and entrees. The prices range from $8 (for a gourmet grilled cheese or BLT with a twist) to $28 (for what looks to be a killer filet). I split the difference and got the cajun spiced red snapper for $21. It did not disappoint. The portions were full, the flavor was poppin', and the fish was cooked perfectly. Another highlight was that it came with cheese grits - something I do not normally care for - that were the best I ever had. They were so cheesy and had the perfect texture. YUMM! I also tried my friend's dish, which was the buttermilk fried all natural Ohio chicken. It was fantastic...I suppose the only thing I think that could make it better is if it were boneless. That's always a plus for me personally. A fun treat at the beginning was the housemade corn bread with lavendar butter. It was really great cornbread, but to be fair, not the best I ever had. The lavendar butter though was a fun twist.Hubbard Grille had a great decor: fresh, modern and slick. This place is hip and youthful. I really like it and can't wait to go back!!!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,3/30/2011,55,358,4,4,4>100th review and an FTR! Like me, you've probably passed by and seen this unassuming little place while rushing up 4th St and forgotten about it moments later. Sunset Lounge is a neighborhood dive and does it well, since it has been around for a long time and survived gentrification just a few blocks west. Christmas lights adorn the top of the bar, whose interior is entirely dark blue. The bartender and patrons were very welcoming to us newcomers(Yelpers Luke, Berae, and me) and the liquor set up was the 1st had seen of its kind: Turntables with six bottles and on each marked with a large piece tape with the price of the shot written in a thick black marker. No guesswork or asking needed; I love that they do this. Got a couple of Buds and a $3.25 shot of Jack and I saw that even the Belvedere was $5 a shot, which I'm rather certain is very reasonable for some top-of-the-line vodka. Only a couple of shots available were over $5 and the bartender was right; the candy filled easter baskets, which you wouldn't expect in a bar, were good to satisfy the munchies. Next time you're in the Short North and want something more down to earth just head a few blocks east on 1st Ave and you'll find it at this Italian Village staple.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,3/28/2011,7,8,3,3,4>We stopped in for lunch and were surprised by what we found. The food was excellent! The firehouse burger is one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. My wife had a chicken cheese steak that she said was excellent. Our server was awesome and really took care of us. There is a lot of cool firehouse stuff to look at too. We will definitely be back. The only thing that kept it from 5 stars was the beer on tap selection. Otherwise, a great place!
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,3/27/2011,169,192,,10,2>We had a vet for our puppy for the first year he was born over near campus and after a horrible experience, I decided to look for a new vet. I came across Animal Hospital of Polaris' website and instantly liked it!Things I like about AHoP (is it okay to shorten it like a nickname?):1. It's hours are IDEAL for anyone that worksMonday- Friday 7:30 am - 10:00 pmSaturday 8:00 am - 8:00 pm Sunday 10:00 am - 8:00 pm2. It's very clean and modern. Makes me feel better every time we visit.3. They have 4 doctors listed on their website. We see Dr. Wendy Tsai. She is so gentle, asks lots of questions, and genuinely seems interested in our dog.4. They recommended a new kind of food (our dog is a finicky eater) and he LOVES it. A bit expensive, but we decided it's worth it.We love the Animal Hospital of Polaris and I would recommend their vet services to anyone.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,3/26/2011,51,82,2,3,3>So this past weekend I was waiting for my new glasses at the Polaris Mall and thought I'd get my haircut. While I'm not too concerned with where I go I still like to look at least decent and Great Clips and places like that scare me but I wasn't sure where else to go. I then remembered my friend saying that there was a cool place by her work and Five Guys so I ventured over that way. Walking into Blue Star I was taken back a bit because it was so nice. White walls with a mural and magazine page "wallpaper" and there was a few animal heads. The guy at the counter was mega nice and took my name. He said there would be  a wait and if I wanted to run errands my name would stay on the list. He also pointed out the 2 iMacs sitting in the waiting area that are free to use while waiting and like all hair cutting places there were plenty of magazines and books.The wait wasn't as long as I thought it'd be with there only be 3 girls cutting hair. My name was called and Nora was cutting my hair. She met me and shook my hand (this stood out to me. not enough people shake hands anymore). She asked me what I wanted and I said shorter but have fun. (I say this a lot and most people keep asking what I want when I just want them to cut it and do whatever its only hair) but she said "I like you already". She turned me around and I didn't see my hair until it was done. The haircut was amazing but that's not what stand out about this place. After my hair was cut she shaved my neck with a straight razor with hot lather then put a hot towel on my neck. After the hot towel she used a back massager on my back. I was blown away it was such an amazing surprise. All of that for $19!As I was getting my hair cut I noticed on their board that they have a "World famous Blue Star shave" for $35 so when I went up to pay I asked about it. He said it takes about 30-45 minutes and is 10 steps including a straight razor shave with hot lather with hot towels and other stuff that sounded like a vacation for my face. I will be back for that. I never thought I'd be so blown away but a place that cuts hair but Blue Star did that. Oh did I mention they have match boxes (no cheap books but good matches on a nice box) and magnets? Even though they are a "barbershop" they do men and women's hair. Their website is nice and has each girls schedule on it too so I know when I can go back for Nora. I will be back even living in Clintonville it's worth the trip.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,3/26/2011,135,164,5,8,9>*sing with me * Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name.  And they're always glad you came! The Pointe Tavern is my own personal "Cheers joint".  The bartenders are all friendly and know me by name. I have been coming here for years with my friends and it holds a special place in my heart.Come drink strong drinks on the cheap.  Stay and play some pool, shoot some darts, chill on the fenced in patio.  They also have some pinball machines and plenty of screens to watch the game.Oh and something I have to mention as a girl.  The women's bathroom is almost always very very clean.  Something that is so rare in a bar.  heh
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,3/25/2011,114,521,,7,5>Why oh why didn't I go here a long time ago?When I arrived at Black Creek, the first thing that surprised me was how easy it was to get there. Unlike many downtown restaurants, parking was no hassle at all, with ample street space and a lot across the street for patrons. Upon entering, it felt like a comfortable evening at a gorgeous home. The beautiful bar area was quiet and the bartender invited me to sit while I waited for my group. I couldn't help but try their Ohio Honey martini (made with both Bros. Drake mead and the OYO honey vanilla vodka!), and when I went to pay for my drink, the bartender simply smiled and told me he'd add it to my bill when I finished eating. While I waited for my party, the lead waitress, maitre'd and owner / head chef all stopped over to make sure I was taken care of, and once we were seated, we were given an unhurried but respectful chance to decide on drinks and meals.Even in the context of the Dine Originals Week menu, which allowed me to eat about two tax brackets higher than normal, the levels of choice were exceptional. I ended up settling on the small but appetizing BLT salad, with excellent crispy pork belly, just large enough to give me a good taste of everything without being overwhelming.Next up was the mushroom quesadilla with chile de arbol sauce (REAL chile de arbol! Yay!), and a bit of fresh greens and goat cheese to kill the chile burn while the mushrooms added a great earthy undertone.My (awesome) entree was the kalua pork, which came out of the banana leaf almost melting away on the tongue, seasoned just enough to let the pork speak for itself, and well complimented by the carrots and mashed parsnips / potatoes.Finally, for dessert, I called an audible and our server was good enough to let me get away with it - instead of going with one of the Dine Originals desserts (both of which looked quite tasty, I admit, but...) I asked if I could get a dessert that had caught my eye on the specials board - Apple & Chai Pot Pie. With a pleased twinkle in his eye, he granted my wish, and more than satisfied my curiosity.The apples and chai spices blended perfectly under a crispy, flaky crust, with a tiny bit of vanilla ice cream on top to round things out.I also have to mention the beautiful job that BCB did with the portions - each course was just big enough to be enjoyable and satisfying without leaving you wanting more or feeling like you had too much to finish before the next course would arrive. A fantastic balancing job.It was a fantastic meal and a great experience, and I look forward to going back again.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,3/25/2011,278,274,2,4,5>I LOVE the Elevator.  It brings me up when I'm feelin' down.An ex-brothel and billiard hall, there's still antique pool tables in the back.  This place has charm, class and character.  And possibly some of the finest craft brews in town.The food is top-notch if you select wisely...if I ate meat, I'd eat the steak that comes out still cooking on its hot slab of marble and branded with the Elevator "e" logo.  But I don't, so I stick to tweaking menu items.But that's not what you come here for kids, it's the craft brews.  Really, really amazing, madly-skilled brewers who are a helluva lot of fun make it in their newer brewing location on 4th street.For basics, try the Dark Horse and Mogabi.  And then try anything else, especially the seasonal beer of the month.  And especially during happy hour.Craving the brew on your side of town, at your favorite watering hole?  Ask the bartenders/owners to carry Elevator beer... they come in bottles now, so that they may more easily come to you.Schmidt's always carries Elevator's Oktoberfest on tap.  Village Idiot has the brews in bottles.   Elevator goodness is 'going up' all over the place.Make sure they are in your building.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,3/24/2011,185,387,3,6,3>Woah, a 5-star review! I really think this place is as good as it gets for fast, fresh, friendly Italian at lunchtime.This was my first time in to Caffe DaVinci, even though I've meant to come here for awhile now. It's close to where I live, and I used to enjoy the granddaddy restaurant back in the day at Henderson and Reed. Plus, I had a gift card.This place is one of those joints where you order at the counter, and then your food is delivered to your table a la Noodles & Company. At first I was a little overwhelmed by the menu because I had to read it above the counter, and it's rather extensive. The ordering line is in a tight spot, and I felt pressured to make decisions as the area filled up with people. I was relieved to discover they have a "Pick Two" option for lunch. I got the wedding soup (a favorite at the other restaurant) and the Davinci salad. As you leave the counter to find a table, you will notice a little serve-yourself bread bar. You can pile as many slice of focaccia (soft and fresh) as you'd like, and create a dipping plate of olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and spices. Now you have a little nibble plate while you wait for your food to come out! It's like having the best of a full-on Italian dining experience without the time commitment. Just get to the good stuff and get on with your day.Even the napkins have that cloth-like feeling even though they are paper. The big ones. I love that kind of napkin. The food definitely tastes fresh, not warmed over. I think this is pretty amazing, given the "express" vibe. The wedding soup is incredible with meatballs and chicken. My salad was a TAD on the oily side, but there were enough things to make up for this and still give my 5-star rating.You can really tell the workers here love this place. I don't know if the woman we interacted with the most was the owner or what, but she was bound and determined for us to have the best experience possible. She cleared away dishes, made more room for us at our table (by moving off the s&p caddy, etc), and she also refilled our drinks. Okay, so drink refills seems pretty standard, but remember this is NOT a waiter-service kind of place. The drink fountain is self-serve. So, that was a nice touch.Then, we decided to step into the back area for some gelato. The same woman was excited to explain each flavor and give us samples. My dining mate ended up getting some chocolate gelato with a shot of espresso poured over it, expertly crafted in a to-go cup since he was on a tight schedule. I had the lemoncello and it was delish and authentic-tasting. I mentioned I was using a giftcard... well, after the gelato purchase, I had gone 7 cents over the amount on the card. Our little friend threw in the 7 cents, and I left Caffe DaVinci with nothing left on my card... it felt efficient! I'll be back though, hopefully soon!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,3/23/2011,115,228,,3,2>CHEAP MOVIES.  This means:1) I see more movies, when there are movies worth seeing2) I don't have to feel as guilty about buying overpriced popcorn3) I can maybe have ice cream afterwards if I'm not full of overpriced popcorn, because I still have moneyI've never really noticed that Carriage Place is any dirtier or less nice than a regular movie theater.  The theaters are kind of small, but they're usually never full when I go (which is usually at odd times or during the week), and it's a nice, cozy movie experience.  Two thumbs up.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,3/22/2011,123,50,8,9,7>Dim Sum!!!!!  It's like Chinese tapas!!!  Super yum and perfect portions, can't really go wrong with that!!!  I went to Lee Garden with some friends and found it comforting that everybody spoke Cantonese; and no, I don't speak Cantonese, I'm not even Chinese, in case you are wondering.  However, dim sum places I've been to in the past, which includes Dallas, Houston, Chinatown in NYC, and Chinatown in LA to name a few, had been serviced by either Cantonese and/or Mandarin speaking Chinese peeps.  And let me say, you guys make crazy-good dim sum items~  Only thing that kind of freaked me out was the chicken feet.  I don't  eat chicken feet, but somebody in the group usually does, and this time without fail, chicken feet was ordered.  Ordering chicken feet was not what freaked me out; it was the size of them.  I mean, these "delicacies" were much bigger than what I'm used to... they were like chicken feet on steroids!!!!  I am not kidding!!  Anyways, overall, everything (other than the super-sized chicken feet) was scrumptious, the service was excellent - nice and attentive, and the price was decent.  I think going to dim sum is not just about sharing food, but also gives an opportunity to connect with your family and friends or whoever you are there with.  It just feels really "homey" to me~  So yes, I will be coming back soon!!
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,3/21/2011,134,190,3,2,5>Every month, during Gallery Hop, I go to Europia and buy a few lollipops.  Seriously, I do.  I sometimes buy a bar of high-quality chocolate, and a bottle of whatever it is I'm feeling at the moment.See, although there are many cool things about Europia, one of the main, utilitarian things is that it's a State Liquor Agency.  Meaning, you can get the hard stuff here, which means this place appeals to a much wider audience than a simple wine store.I've found the staff here to be extremely helpful, even on Gallery Hop night, which means this place is jam-packed.  It has this unique club-like atmosphere, especially if the lights are dimmed a bit, and they have some great retro-80's tunes playing.  Things seem to revert for a regular night, so Gallery Hop is special, which is fine by me.As mentioned earlier, they always have a cute little mug of Tootsie Roll Pops at the register, and I always buy a few, because I'm a sucker for suckers.The staff is always so funny, joking around with each other and the customers.  It just has this really positive, happy vibe, which I appreciate.  Plus it's in the Short North, which gives it that extra coolness factor.Regarding the size and the selection, I've found that while they do have the commodity stuff, they tend to focus on special items.  There are other liquor stores out there that sell all the basics, so if you can't find something like that here, you can always go to a place that focuses on the commodity items.  When I walk around, it seems like they hand-pick groupings of items, things that go well together. They know their product, so if you tell them what you like/want, they can usually direct you to several items in the store, and explain the differences.  I'm not sure what type of life experience allows someone to know alcohol so well, but they do, and it helps.  Let the experts drink, and distill this knowledge for you, so you can buy just the perfect bottle.Oh, and if you're thirsty at Gallery Hop, and don't want to get arrested for open-container, they have at least one cooler of non-alcoholic beverages like water/tea/juice.  Yes, I'm sure these are intended as mixers, but you can also drink them straight - really.All in all, this is one of my favorite places to go on Gallery Hop, and I often find myself thinking "Disco is dead, long live disco!" as I'm walking out the door.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,3/20/2011,902,285,5,7,4>I was intrigued by Piada. A coworker pitched it as a lunch spot, and then proceeded to pass out menus, claiming that it would be "too hard" to figure out what you wanted to eat once you actually got there. So, I circled:Piada (a thin dough... other options were pasta bowl or salad bowl)Grill item: Italian meats - cold cuts FTWSauce: Creamy ParmeseanToppings: Pancetta, feta, lettuce, artichokesWhen we got there, it was a Chipotle-esque assembly line ordering process that really wasn't complicated, save for maybe the "toppings" part, because they have so damn many. Pre-planning is key.So... all of the above, plus a heap of spaghetti noodles wrapped up like a burritto...DELICIOUS. I have REALLY been craving one since I had it. I think I might have to hike over to Piada right now. But I definitely won't be getting another Orange Italian soda... ick.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2011,3/19/2011,370,523,4,6,5>If you have a lot of time on your hands and want some really great food and drinks, then get yourself to Coyote Jane's! Just like Tara B., we also entered the front/wrong door. The functional entrance is on the side. We went to the bar and were told to seat ourselves, but there weren't any seats except for at the bar. That was fine by us and it was actually a blessing in disguise as I beleive if we'd been at a table or booth away from the kitchen and the bar tender we might have been there 3 instead of 2 hours. The bar tender was really sweet and attentive. It was great that she was right there if we needed anything instead of being stranded in the dining room. We even let her suggest our meal. I'll get tothat after I rant. The bar area serves as the hostess station, waitress station, register, and bar. Let's just say, I can see why they are having some issues. First, they are generally disorganized and the bar tender seemed to be the only one who knew what was going on. 2) They do not have a computer order system and are operating with pen and paper tickets and have to use the menus and calculator to determine the final bill. 3) They do not have any food runners and the waitresses just have to pray they hear someone from behind the kitchen door yell that their order is up. 4) There are no bussers and the waitresses are too busy trying to figure out there jobs to clean a table in a timely manner. 5) There seems to be some friction between the wait staff causing some minor cat fights that are uncomfortable to listen to. To top this all off, they are only open from 5pm with the kitchen closing at 9. That's a whopping 4 hours that these people have to keep it together, and they can't. I really hope they hire a food runner and a busser and get these poor ladies a computer OS! Also, a note to the kitchen...I really appreciate the fact that all of your food is made from scratch. I really do. It shows in how great it tastes. But, seriously, you have all day to prep food for your 4 hours of service. Why does it take 30 minutes for your amazing tres con queso cheese sticks, and why another 30 minutes for dinner that was ordered at the same time? I assume, it is either you're under staffed or that you are starting the meal completely from scratch when you get the order. I'd recommend helping yourselves out and doing some prep. However, Coyote Jane's redeems itself with their final product. I had two, yes two unforgettable food items at Coyote Jane's. The tres con queso cheese sticks. YOU MUST GET THESE!! There were unlike anything I'd ever had. The coating is seasoned torilla chips and in the center is spicy mety goodness with a sweet salsa dip. To die for and only $5. Secondly, was the Aberdeen sammie (recommended by our bartender) which was stuffed with the most delicious roast pork I have ever tasted. It was moist flavorful and melt in your mouth good and went perfectly the with melted cheese, fresh homemade coleslaw, and really great fries. YOU MUST TRY THIS. The Sherrif's Posse 'Deep Fried Burro" AKA Chimichunga. IDK what the hell a burro is other than a donkey. Regrettabley was good, but forgettable. Also of mention, the watermelon side car was absolutely delicious. It's made with fresh watermelon and yummy tequila. It tasted so fresh and not too sweet. I liked it some much I drank two. The bartender also makes a great maragrita of her own recipe with fresh queezed juice. I really hope things get better on the business side of things at Coyote Jane's because their Chef really is making some great food! If you have two hours and are feeling patient, you MUST get to Coyote Jane's. I am definitely coming back.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,3/18/2011,75,241,3,9,6>We just did this place for carryout lunch today and I'm very impressed, big thanks to Sarah B because her review convinced us to try it out.Place looks ghetto as hell from the outside but is very clean inside. Food quality was excellent, lunch portions seemed small but were actually very filling. They also use high grade plastic forks and reusable containers. Seems trivial but it makes a big difference.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,3/17/2011,23,36,5,8,6>Ah, Gypsy. I knew it wouldn't be long before I checked you out again. And you didn't disappoint.Gypsy comes the closest to excellence out of any hookah bar in Columbus. It scores the highest in ambience, hit, and service; minimizing the impact of the weaker flavor. I had a strawberry hookah. The hookah was delivered promptly, within 5 minutes, and within the first few puffs, I felt the hit. This is much quicker than any of the other hookah places in town, where you have to strain for a while like you're siphoning liquid from a chunky milkshake. Although the flavor started average and got weaker, the service showed great attention to detail, with the attendant re-filling the coal at optimal times, noticing when my friend got up to move the coal and asking if she needed help, and even noticing that I'd errantly left my car's headlights on and asking me if that was my car. The place was busy at the time, so it was impressive.There is electronica and jazz music in the background, and the seating is set up for mingling as well as solitary contemplation, depending on your preference; no "ownership society"-style single tables here to isolate yourself with. The decor is stylish, with lights resembling upside-down tulips hanging from the ceiling. Although their hookahs are a little more expensive at $11 a pop, the whole experience is worth it, especially if you want the option. In basketball, there is the "triple threat" position: you can drive, step back and shoot the ball, or pass to a teammate, so the defender has to give you great latitude. Gypsy puts you in that position: you can sit back and think, you can mingle with fellow smokers, or you can continue your socializing elsewhere without having missed a beat!
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/16/2011,74,115,3,6,4>Other bars in Columbus, take notice. This is how you do it. I've been here several times now and I'm highly impressed. Can't think of a bad thing about it in fact, and you'll see that I have plenty of complaints about other bars in town. 1) Solid selection of drinks at good prices + nice and non-douchey bartenders. Always a solid combination. Plus, they have good happy hours/specials. I could always want more beers on tap, but their selection is pretty solid and they have a nice bottle selection as well. 2) Excellent outdoor area with fire pit to help extend the season and make winter more bearable. 3) Decent parking situation. I've always gotten a spot right out front. Sadly, Columbus is a driving city so good parking is required. 4) Amazing sound and lighting system. Whereas every other club I've played in town has cheaped out on their sound and lighting, they got something that is modern, sounds great and not overdone. Bands are happy and audiences are happy. 5) Some of the best pizza in town. This needs little explaining. Clever Crow is technically a bit better, but this is far cheaper, faster and very different styled pizza. 6) Everything else- Plenty of space and seating. Clean bathrooms. Multiple bars during busy hours. Great staff.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,3/15/2011,39,128,4,4,3>Huzzah! Throughly enjoyed everything I had here. First off, I love the atmosphere of Columbus' "oldest, continually operating bar." The cozy old fashioned decor makes it easy to picture yourself returning. It reminds me of some of the older pubs in Philadelphia. Now for the food. The pan-seared zucchini was a yummy starter. I had the chicken, pancetta and artichoke hoagie with minestrone soup. Bonus points for the fresh bread. The soup was pretty tasty and good for a cold day but I'll probably choose a salad next time. The baked artichokes we passed around our table were fantastic. I loved eating such a comfort dish right next to the fireplace. I've saved the best for last. The red velvet cake. I want to be best friends with this cake and take it out on the town. Yep, that good. This is a place I'll definitely recommend to visitors of C-bus.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,3/14/2011,17,49,5,4,4>I am so glad I had to pee and was super tired after getting my hair-cut the other day because, otherwise, I would have never even stepped foot into this tiny little coffee shop and tried their white mocha coffee. I had planned on only using the restroom but, when I walked in I couldn't help myself from ordering something. The coffee was, to say the least, the best cup of coffee of my life and the person I was with said the same about their order. It was smooth, robust, flavorful, and yet lacked the off-turning bitterness that I hate about many coffees. Their sizes come in small, medium, and large and that is exactly what they call it. For me, that is something I always appreciate from a coffee shop because whenever I order at Starbucks I feel silly and pretentious trying to say the fancy names and sizes for the coffees with ease. The coffee was the perfect warm temperature that you could begin drinking the moment you got that delicious coffee in your hands without worrying about burning the inside of your mouth.Other good things about this place that I've found out by reading their website is how environmentally friendly this place tries to be. They apparently provide on-site recycling and offer a discount if you bring in a reusable coffee or tea mug. The prices are already pretty fair so a discount would only add to that. There's also free WiFi. I saw some pastries and sandwiches when I went in but I didn't try any so I can't really comment about those other than that they looked good. But, I can say that I will for sure be coming back to Crazy Goat for some more of their delicious coffee.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,3/13/2011,884,714,10,17,14>I was out at Easton looking to take advantage of some end of the season deals, and maybe find some new house slippers. While I struck out on that front, I hit a homer thanks to Yelp when it came time to eat dinner. My sis and I found Golden Valley just two miles NE of the mall, and made our way there. It's a strip mall joint, which turns some people off, but not this guy. We went in and were literally the only people there. This didn't dissuade us. The interior had some interesting wall dividers separating the dining room into sections. Standard tables with tablecloths, covered by a glass top and then a paper liner so people can eat like pigs. The two of us were looking pretty ragged with her dreads, my winter beard and our scruffy clothes. The waiter in a tuxedo sans jacket might have made us feel out of place if not for the dirty, white sneakers that completed his ensemble. The service was great though, sneakers included.We got some sake and perused the menu. One of the great things about Golden Valley was their entrée menu. The menu had your standard, chicken, steak, pork, seafood, and vegetarian sections, but for their main entrées, you choose a dish and then pick your meat. Options included beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, tofu and scallops. Maybe more, but those are the ones I remember.What this meant, dear readers, is that for THE FIRST TIME IN SEVEN YEARS I was able to have a black pepper dish! I got it with tofu, and it was amaaaazing. I ordered it with fried rice, which was fried in house, unlike that yellow, fake stuff most places use.  My sister had sweet and sour chicken, her usual, but the chicken wasn't the usual. It was plump and crispy, not tiny and soggy. A good find, too bad it's so far away. If you live nearby, make sure to check it out!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,3/12/2011,52,126,3,4,3>I loved this place when I lived in UA.A friend and I first found Bahn Thai after going through Thai food withdrawal post London. The dining area is laughably small but makes up for itself in charm and warmth.The spiciness levels are spot on and I would only recommend Thai Spicy for the brave at heart. I once had a Thai Spicy curry and had to take a nap after.The prices are extremely fair and if you get take out they knock 10% off your bill which is a plus.My favorite foods include the entire curry menu and pad thai. The one downside may be that after 4 you can't order a lunch portion anymore if you're looking for something smaller. Other than that, this is one of my favorite Thai places in the city.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,3/10/2011,82,150,3,6,5>I adore this place! I've been coming for about 6 months, after a recommendation from a guy friend. There are so many extra little perks to coming here:1) Complimentary tea (fresh brewed, usually an herbal blend) or water 2) Head massage every time 3) Free mini facial 4) All natural Aveda products I get cut and color from Ashlynn. She does a fantatic job. She really listens, and keeps track of her clients - I dont have to be a broken record every time I come in for a trim and touch-up. The stylists are not students, but they are in a training of sorts. Depending on their skill level and performance reviews, they have different pricing. Their prices may go up a bit ($5-10) in between visits.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,3/9/2011,44,55,1,4,3>I worship Moy's!!! Absolutely love the food. A couple of my friends introduced me to Moy's about two years ago and I swear by it... Easily the best Chinese food close to downtown. It is an unassuming family owned joint tucked in a little store front on High St next to Buckeye Donuts. It is a very simple set up... There are a couple larger tables which are always full around dinner time. One little thing... if you are looking for super fast service... this is not the right spot, especially at peak times! My friends always remind me to take my patience pills before we go.... It can get crowded and TONS of people order take out, so, order appetizers, soup, etc before your main courses so you have something to pick on while you wait. My favorite things on the menu are the bbq pork, hot and sour soup, egg rolls, most noodle dishes, chicken and string beans and just about anything the owners recommend! We have arranged a tasting menu sample and it was to die for and worth the higher prices! Moy's is fantastic!  LOVE IT!!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/8/2011,142,94,4,7,7>I had read articles about the owner of the Angry Baker, Vicki Hink, for months and was excited to get on opening day and explore her creations. Honestly, when I read in an article that she loved vanilla and if a recipe didn't call for it... she'd add it, I knew this would be someone whose food I'd love.Vicki didn't disappoint! While I experienced the usual first day open stuff... the cash register didn't work, service was a bit slow, and everyone was a little panicked... but it was the first day and I went in expecting it and I think in a few days they will work all that out.With that aside, the food didn't disappoint me at all! There was a simple lunch menu and a few sweet treats all ready to go when we arrived just before noon.The selection of sandwiches were mouth-watering from the descriptions alone. Among the choices were a grilled Ludlow cheese, Bacon, Pear, and Arugula sandwich and a Bleu Pot Roast Sandwich. Some of the sides were a simple salad or backed mac and cheese.I selected the Bleu Pot Roast with a simple salad while my lunch companions went for the amazing-sounding grilled cheese, both one with and one without bacon. They also chose the baked mac and cheese.What can I say? My sandwich was simply amazing. From the first bite to the last bite the sandwich was delicious! The pot roast was perfect for a sandwich, tender and juicy. My friends loved their sandwiches too, relishing every single bite.And I was immediately sorry I went for the salad as my side... not because it wasn't great... but because the mac and cheese was so wonderful. I ended up stealing as much of it off a friend's plate as I could get away with.I couldn't help myself, I even took their fork and went to town on that mac & cheese!This food is so delicious, the usual hygiene practices go out the window, along with some table manners.After everything gets settled, I can easily see The Angry Baker being a 5-star place to grab some delicious eats in Olde Town East.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,3/7/2011,28,115,,3,3>The most affordable and delicious Indian food around. This little Indian diner that looks more like a store on the outside has replaced the other Indian restaurant in Hilliard as my favorite. Something happened at the other place and the food became bland and overly spicy. At about half the price, Venky's is really good food. For about $6 plus drink, you can get a lunch combination plate. You pick an entree and then they basically pick everything else for you. But you get a soup, appetizer, rice, vegetable, bread, and I think there was one other thing. You get to try several different things in one meal. The portions are small but you get variety and I think that's more important with ethnic food that you don't know a lot about. Besides, you are more than stuffed after eating everything. The food is a little spicy but definitely tolerable. I ordered it mild as I always do. I don't like spicy stuff. But I'm sure if you enjoy pain and want to sh*t fire later for reasons I'll never understand, you can certainly ask them to make it burning hot. The food was delicious. It's far better than the other place in town and far cheaper. Though the other place does have a buffet so you can eat till you puke and try lots of different things, the food there is lousy. Here you still get variety, good food and it's much more affordable. Therefore you can have it more often. So I appreciate this place. The food wasn't the best I've ever had but it was very good and I will be going back as often as I can. The store, on the other hand, that was a different story but I would review that separately.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,3/6/2011,1214,553,6,14,14>Mabuhay!Nakakapagpabagabag...not only is it a tongue twister, but more importantly, it's a feeling of being disturbed, unsettled, or bothered.  And that's how I feel when I don't have any Filipino in my life.  Ya see, I spent a huge chunk of my twenties there, and now I'm going through withdrawal.  Until today.  With the help of Yelp friends, I found La Herba Buena - the only Filipino market in Columbus!  And so how could I not give it 5 stars?!  Of course it's as good as it gets - it's all we got!  If you're not specifically looking for Filipino items, then you would probably be happier at CAM or Tensuke.  But I was on the look-out for some very specific Pinoy goods, and LHB delivered!The owner of the store, Ray, cheerfully greeted me, and he seemed genuinely excited that I had come to his store on a nasty, snowy day.  Ray and I chatted about his store and reminisced about the Philippines for at least an hour, and he was an absolute delight.  He even made it a point to invite me to their buffet dinner on the weekend where live Filipino bands would be playing!  Salamat po!Seriously, this place was such a great find.  Here's what they had that I loved:* Salabat with calamanci!  I brought a case of this delicious ginger tea with me last time I was in the Phils, and I couldn't find it anywhere else in town!* Frozen calamanci juice* Ube (purple yam)* Halo-halo ingredients* Sweet spaghetti sauce* Puto (rice cakes)* Leche flan* Vinegars - lots of different kinds!* Soy sauce - gigantic cans!* Dried mangoesI will definitely return to LHB for more Filipino goods, and I can't wait to try their restaurant for dinner sometime!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,3/5/2011,8,41,3,8,6>Ok, The Hills.  You're getting updated.  Originally, I complained about the annoying staff and the high prices.  Well, in the last 7 or so times I've visited, the staff were much more  friendly and responsible.  I'm sure there's probably still some pettiness on occasion, but I really can't complain.  The prices: there have been two developments here.  1) The sign says "The Hills Gourmet Market." This, to me, means: the prices will be higher.  It's a gourmet market.  Deal with it.  I go here when I'm housesitting because it's convenient, and I take responsibility for my actions  and plan when I need to go get real groceries so that I don't end up spending 5$ on a carton of milk.  When I come to The HIlls, I don't expect deals, but I do expect deliciousness on the few products I choose to purchase.  In the past week, they were selling peaches from Georgia for 33 cents a pound.  C'mon. That's like 20 cents a peach.  This, to me, says that you CAN find deals here, if you don't expect them all the time and if you buy your food in accordance with Mother Nature's good fortune, which doesn't allow the purchasing of all foods all the time.  Generally, when produce is in season, it's decently affordable here (and they sell morel mushrooms for a fraction of what Whole Foods and Weiland's sell them for).  Also (and the real reason for my new star) is my recent discovery of Magner's Irish Cider.  I'm not sure, but I suspect that it was not allowed to be sold in Ohio for some reason (or, none of the importers bought it), but I found it, for real, here.  I should have immediately bought all three cases, since I haven't seen it since.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,3/4/2011,65,147,6,7,7>Breakfast has to be one of my favorite meals of the day. I never pass up an opportunity for breakfast, especially at a place that has been compared to as a "NY diner".On a Sunday morning, I know that breakfast places are pretty hellish. I usually FOIL Jon R. with my optimistic attitude towards sitting down and eating right away. And of course, once we dive through the crowd of people outside this teeny strip-mall storefront that's about the size of my bedroom we plunge into breakfast like starving nomads escaping the wilderness. We were able to be seated immediately up at the counter. I always like the counter because it feels like I'm eating in someone's kitchen. There are literally two cooks, because well, that's all they have room for. They are flying fast and furious in that kitchen. After watching them prepare breakfast after breakfast I am never complaining about cooking in my own kitchen again.The waitress was fast and friendly and instead of just coming to refill my coffee a zillion times, she was nice enough to just leave the entire pot with me. Heck yes! Then breakfast came (after we watched it being made). Jon R. had these heavenly potatoes that I wish I had gotten myself. Just a little bit of seasoning and done perfectly. I kept stealing them from him. My pancakes and bacon were out of this world. The pancakes were light and fluffy and the bacon was extra crisp. I also tried Jon R.'s ham, mushroom and onion omelet and my o my, they could make an omelet fan out of me. This place may have to become a staple for me. Friendly, outgoing service. Cooks who work their ass off. A home cooked, no frills, fantastic breakfast. With all of the bustling and movement around me in that restaurant, the world seemed to sit still after one bite of their food. It transported me back home, where sometimes the city just stops for an instant for me to finish my comforting taste of home.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,3/3/2011,309,391,14,7,3>Ray Ray's Hog Pit, we need to sit down and have a business meeting. See, I have an idea that will make you a guaranteed cool mil.The idea hit me yesterday while I was standing inline at the corner of Pacemont & High. The wait was long because so many people flock to your cart - the deep aroma of smokey meats draw us in like zombies. Standing there under the blue sky, my mind agonizing over which delicious meat to stuff into my hole (mouth hole), the swirling plumes of wood smoking the meats of pig and cow danced around me.I've had the beef brisket and know it's a winner. This time I ordered a pulled pork sandwich ($4) and a rib sampler ($5). No sides, just pork-on-pork action. The pork sandwich was succulent, the sauce divine and a perfect complement. The rib sampler was just the right amount, 3 plump ribs dripping in more of that tangy and smokey sauce.The aroma of smoked meats from Ray Ray's is seductive and tantalizing. Dark, warm and sexy - my business idea is obvious!Bottle that smell and sell a Ray Ray's Hog Pit Shampoo. It doesn't matter your gender, people will flock around you and drool.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,3/2/2011,27,135,7,4,5>Like Matt B., I also call Basil "bah-zil" like a Brit or Canadian. It is more fun that way!Basil has become a go-to Thai place for Rachel P. and I since we have recognized the sincerity of their staff and their drive to help you enjoy your dining experience. In my recent visits, I always get the pork Pad See Ew, which seems to be a specialty of theirs because it is quite, quite good. Pad See Ew is quite similar to the Chinese dish Chow Fun, which I also love, and with an absence of decent Chow Fun in this city (let alone decent Chinese food!) I can't help hitting this up.My dining and life partner has had varying success in her meal options, yet has always faced consistent positive feedback from the staff, which raises the integrity bar in my mind for this restaurant. As you can see from her reviews (Rachel P.), she had an awful first experience, yet, the owner e-mailed her upon reading her Yelp! review and apologized, offered an on the house meal, took the meal she disliked off the menu, and recommended another dish, a really nice crunchy noodle dish called Kee Mow. Yesterday when we went, she ordered the Kee Mow, and when asked how spicy, she said "slightly spicy." What she got ended up being a bit too spicy for her tastes. She did not hold a grudge because she did ask for it. Yet, when she told the waiter after looking disparaged that she ate so little that it was too spicy, he gave us coupons for free Bakery Gingham cupcakes at the Attic. How cool is that?!Basil, I think you're a stand up restaurant that has truly improved itself since our first visit so early in its career. I implore all those who have given negative reviews prior to August 2010ish to try this restaurant again. It has gotten quite popular and for good reason. It is a good restaurant who has thus far been listening to its customers. Keep it up!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,3/1/2011,598,616,14,12,11>Imagine the best sex you've ever had - but not only the best sex, but with someone you cared about intensely. And imagine those moments afterward, sweaty, spent, and sweet. Okay, leaving G. Michael's, I felt like i'd just had that sex. A thousand times over. I tried at least 12 menu items tonight. There is no way I would give G. Michaels food anything less than five stars. If I could give it an infinite number of stars, I would. We took the boy here for his birthday - a small dinner party for the most lovely people. Fortunately, also, the boy's brother is local Chef Leon of Cantina Laredo fame, and has worked in the Columbus fine dining scene for a long time - he suggested ordering/sharing a bunch of different apps, entres, and desserts, and order we did! For apps: shrimp and grits, PEI mussels, pan-fried Maryland crab cakes, and warmed roasted lamb lollipops. For entres: seared jumbo scallops, duo of ohio pork, pink peppercorn-cured duck breast, bourbon-mollasses glazed grilled veal chop, wild Alaskan halibutFor dessert: lemon tart, peanut butter cup, and rum banana bread pudding. Yes, be jealous. This is probably the best meal I've ever eaten, mostly because of the communal nature - but also, having known Chef Leon for some time, I've been at several dinners where food was shared, and G. Michaels just blew everyone out of the water. All of the apps were amazing, particularly the crab cake, which was huge and juicy and just seared enough. The polenta that came with it was also excellent. For the entrees, I liked the pork duo the best - one of the pieces of pork was country fried and the other was shredded - but think of the five star version of that. OMFG. In regard to dessert, the lemon tart blew my mind. It wasn't tart at all (haha, pun), but instead sweet and encrusted with a browned butter graham cracker crust... holy good God. And yes, like Jeni's ice cream (which is served at G. Michael's!!), this food came directly from whichever benevolent creator you believe in. It is, dare my Catholic heritage allow me to insist, FROM GOD. Everything was amazing, but those are just the highlights. Aside from that, service was okay. Chef noted that we never got any bread - which would have been nice for the mussels because they came in some outrageously awesome sauce. The waiter wasn't totally on his game, but it was also 9pm when we arrived. Whatever, I don't even care. The fact that none of us could make a complete sentence - and yet none of us were "stuffed" - it was all from mind-blowingly good food that we ended up at O'Reilly's (duh) unable to make conversation with each other at all for lack of... anything that will ever top that culinary experience. There were lots of satisfied noises happening while we dined, and I definitely felt genuinely euphoric. I almost wish it never happened, so I could experience it again for the first time. Oh oh oh AND - we talked to Chef  Tetzloff, who informed us that G. Michael's now butchers most of their own meat - he has been hauling in whole cows and cutting them up, just for you. I'm excited to try the bistro burger from the bar next time... I might pass out just thinking about it. I'm dying a little inside right now. It's impossible to describe. As my most favourite band once said, it's "just like heaven." But like after that most amazing sex... I'm gonna roll over and snuggle now. Gahhhhhh. Happy birthday, boy / friend.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,2/28/2011,35,66,3,7,7>When I'm having a really crummy day that I know can only be fixed by putting myself into a chocolate coma, I usually walk over to Mozart's and buy myself a box (yes, sometimes I have need for an entire box) of rum balls.  Even if this place wasn't close to my house, I'd still make a special trip for their moist, super-rich, oh so chocolately rum balls of deliciousness.Be it known that they also make a killer sacher torte (chocolate and apricot cake) and chocolate mousse torte, which is usually what I request on my birthday every year.If you haven't been, it's definitely worth the trip, and it's great for any time of day.  Also, there's plenty of parking, which is nothing short of a miracle for a business located on High St.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,2/27/2011,156,68,12,12,13>I visited Huong on a frozen winter's day in the mood for a steaming bowl of something delicious. I was the lone nutter in the place venturing out during icemageddon (Columbus, it's just winter weather, grow a pair), but that just meant I got the best service a guy could ask for.Regarding the MSG concerns, a call to the restaurant inquiring was answered with a simple "We don't." Whether they ever did or not, who knows, and it's not exactly good etiquette to lie about current practices, so hopefully we can take that answer at face value. Ask. Learn. Yelp. Repeat.From my rearward booth, I could watch the two women in attendance going about their business and took in the place. The far wall featured a number of natural and unnatural adornments, all color and vibrance surrounding a TV centerpiece. One of the women disappeared to make my meal before flopping back in her seat near said TV, which played a soap dubbed from one incomprehensible Asian language into another incomprehensible Asian language. Someone died, someone cried, I looked on quizzically.My Vietnamese iced coffee showed first. What I got was a glass full of ice and a odd little contraption I later understood to be a traditional Vietnamese coffee press. The press sat atop an espresso cup, water slowly filtering through, and after five minutes the water was supercharged with the pressed grinds and ready to drink. Pouring the coffee into the ice bath revealed a previously hidden condensed milk love sludge, which lazily dripped into the larger glass. Taste? Excellent. Strong, sweet, smooth. An s-fecta.The pho dac biet was the biggest portion of the dish I've had in the city thus far. They may as well serve it in a bathroom sink. The requisite plate of herbs and sprouts tipped toward excess -- if I wanted to, I could have had more sprouts in the soup than noodles. The jalapeno slices were appropriately freak show gargantuan.The pho is very good, with a dense broth and plenty of noodles and rare beef. The meatballs had good flavor but texturally felt like they were made from congealed paste rather than actual meat. Overall a good presentation and truly of hearty proportions. A couple spoonfuls of the hot sauce and a quarter lime rounded out the broth quite well. I must have downed a Slurpie's worth of the stuff.After the meal, I have to admit...I started to feel a bit lightheaded, pretty tired, and man was I thirsty. I know those side effects. That could only be from...consuming a MASSIVE MASSIVE amount of salty, savory goodness. And enjoying every minute of it.Good pho, great service, questionable television. Stop by.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,2/25/2011,45,139,5,4,4>I first visited Hang Over Easy shortly after it opened 5 years ago. That visit marked the best breakfast I have ever had in Columbus. Since then, the quality has ebbed and flowed like the tides of Lake Erie: sometimes pleasant, others rancid. I think it was the tough economy that forced students to eat in and cut heavily into HOE's profits, forcing a change in product.  But enough about the past.Here is the lowdown on the place today.Eggs - prepared exactly as I ordered themHOE Fries - heavily peppered home fries are just OK, could use less pepperToast - Actually really, really great. High quality breadFrench toast - on French style bread, good but not greatCoffee - averageThe food alone would make this place 3 stars in my book. So why does it get 4 stars? Because it serves breakfast after noon and has a full bar. Because a good morning is made great with a Screwdriver or Bloody Mary. And because, let's just say, the view is pretty great from this first floor college location.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,2/24/2011,156,314,8,5,6>I loved my first visit to Travonna! This is especially exceptional in that I usually fear, or at least mistrust, coffee shops, especially in the Short North- suffice to say for now that a horrible, no-good, very bad visit to Imprero Coffee Roasters so soured me on the entire concept that whenever my special lady suggested we go to Travonna, I panicked and fled for the hills screaming the ancient wards through the froth of fear.But how wrong I was! Travonna is inviting, comfortable, and- thank the Jesuses- the guy behind the counter didn't deride me for wanting a simple cup of really black coffee. In fact, the big mug I was handed to fill up with said really black coffee validated me in ways not even a life coach could manage.With my root beer mug full of Italian roast, we made our way to a couch near the back- comfy, and with a view of a fish tank! The whole place has an air of "hang out awhile," and even I felt welcome to do so. Quarter refills? Yes please! Six hours later and I'm still doing the jitterbug. So says I: VERY YES! I could almost become a regular at a place like this, although my heart would not be very agreeable to the proposition.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,2/23/2011,25,57,3,8,5>Smells amazing even in the parking lot !!! Inside was a bit surprised to learn it was an order at a counter format. The menu was clear and easy to read. I went with the gatherers platter and my husband went with the two perogies and two sides platter. Those plus drinks brought our bill up to 20 $. Very reasonable! We tried to think of a cheaper meal we have had lately and could not come up with one! After you order and pay, they give you a number which you take to the table of your choice. There they bring you napkins and silverware. Our food came out in less then 10 minutes. My food was AMAZING. For me, its nostalgic, but even if it does not bring family memories back for you, there is no denying the magic of butter and onions!!!!!!!!!!!!! My dish consisted of a stuffed cabbage, one cheddar and potato perogie and for the side i chose sauerkraut and dumplings. This came with a piece of rye bread and butter. The tomato sauce on the stuffed cabbage made this my favorite part of the meal. The inside was the perfect mixture of rice and meat. They couldn't have done anything better on the stuffed cabbage. The perogie was good (not my family's, but still great!). and the sauerkraut was sweet and yummy. Give this new place a try!!! Definitely try a perogie and a stuffed cabbage. My husband regretted not getting any Kielbasa, so I am sure we'll be back soon! **perogies come with butter. onion. and sour cream (as if there is any other way to serve them :) !!!) ** parking is in back
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,2/22/2011,92,300,3,4,3>I meet a lot of Indian families through my work, and I always ask them about local Indian restaurants. Almost 80% say this place is over priced. The rest admit that it's expensive, but still good. I had a very good experience here myself. It was delicious, authentic, and the service was good. Yes, this will end up costing more than Taj Palace, but you will get a completely different experience! Keep in mind that India is a very diverse place when it comes to things like food, and languages for that matter, so one persons version of Indian might not be another persons version.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2010,2/21/2011,42,196,3,3,2>I have been eating Creno's on a fairly regular basis for a few years now. I enjoy their pizza and the service they provide. Carryout is typically prompt even on a busy weekend and delivery times are adequate. There is no restaurant seating, only carryout.Yes, the pizza itself is greasy as heck but it tastes good. I usually get double sauce and just dab some of the grease off with a napkin. It's not the best pizza ever but good for it's location. The cheese tastes fresh and the sauce has a good flavor. I enjoy the thin style crust Creno's provides. Don't go here looking for deep dish or anything, I don't even think they have it.I can't speak much to the toppings because we are zero to 1 topping orderers. I usually get olives or peppers and its hard to screw those up. Still, I have never had any complaints about it.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,2/20/2011,67,288,4,7,4>I can't profess to be a connoisseur of sushi.  The only kind I eat is vegetarian (I'm not a vegetarian but I'm also not a big fan of seafood).  So when I go to a place all I'm concerned with are the asparagus rolls, the avocado rolls, and the cucumber rolls if the other two are unavailable.  Sushi Ko has all three and they are very, very good.The service here has always been exceptional, and occasionally the water fillers border on hovering.  My food has never taken too long and it is always well presented, though it isn't anything too fancy.  It might be different if I got a more complicated roll.If you want to try Sushi Ko out, call ahead and find out if they're doing lunch specials or happy hour and go then.  They had some great deals, up to half off, and it seems like a good way to try it without breaking the budget.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/19/2011,42,175,8,16,11>Sometimes it's hard to go to church.  Especially when you're busy exploring Columbus.  And you don't know what you're going to get.But!  St. Christopher's recently added a 600 pm Sunday night Mass called Last Call (har har.  Gotta love a church that doesn't take itself too seriously).Priests from around the diocese rotate to say this Mass and the music is killer.  Seriously.  Like, there's like 4 singers and a band as big as Springsteen's.St. Chris', I applaud you for making a Mass that 20 somethings can actually attend.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,2/18/2011,102,111,4,9,6>This might be one of my new favorite places to eat.La Michoacana 4 isn't in the best neighborhood.  There's not much to say of its decor, the wait staff, or the valet.  If you're looking for that, go look somewhere else.This place is dominated by THE FOOD.  Holy f, the food is good.  It reminds me of taquerias in larger cities, but even then, La Michoacana would put those to shame.  The restaurant was moderately crowded when I went and there was a longish wait for my food, but I don't care--I'll be back.The chorizo tacos are amazing: Soft corn tortillas heaped full of chorizo, tons of cilantro, roasted jalapeños and onions, and lime to top it all off.  I tried a steak sope, mostly because I didn't know what it was, and was pleasantly surprised.  (If you don't know, it's a thick, fried, bowl-like shell with refried beans, meat, and toppings.)This is the real deal--100% authentic food.  If you're uncomfortable with that or really like Taco Bell, you'll probably be disappointed here.Oh yeah, there's a grocery part, too.  It's the bit that gets in the way of your trying to make it to the delicious restaurant in the back.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,2/17/2011,61,59,8,5,5>This is some good shite, hands down, and I'm not saying it cuz my daughter threatened me with a knee-capping if I gave her best friends' pizza joint a bad review :p I had the butternut squash slice since I love squash. Seriously love the stuff. (Instead of whipped cream I used mashed squash with the last guy I dated: I never saw him again, which was ok. Left more squash for me heehee!) The flavors melded together in a symphony of toothsome savoriness. The carmelized onions and corn were exquisite and the crust...oh the crust...muy delicioso. I am officially addicted to Brooke n hubs pizza. Hell, my picky eater grandson horks it down, inhales it, and his dad who is iffy about squash enjoyed it.I could go on n on about CC, being the blowhard that I am, but for your sakes I'll keep it short n sweet :)They have an array of artisanal pizzas to please any palate. It is a nice change from run of the mill pizza. It's worth a trip to Circus or the North Market. Try it you'll like it. Salud
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,2/16/2011,33,119,3,5,3>I have never held a "normal" 9-5 M-F job.   I have worked in EMS, public safety and currently in aviation.   This means odd ball hours, inconsistent shifts, and erractic sleep patterns.   Coffee is my Jet-A, it keeps me on the go. Most of my coffee consumption experience has consisted of either truck stop coffee that is thick as mud, or Folgers and Maxwell House that has been brewed in a coffee pot that has so much lime and calcium build up, I no longer have to worry about osteoporosis.   Thankfully, my friend Tony came to the rescue and introduced me to the whole bean grinding concept.   It has truly made a difference in the way I brew and consume coffee.    I have found myself on the quest now for finding the perfect coffee or experimenting with different roasts and flavor of beans.   I took a drive to Stauf's the other day and was quiet impressed.   A quaint little store that puts me in mind of an old general store.   Not sure of a certain flavor or roast, I told them what I was looking for - a light to medium roast, not too strong on flavor, low acid - the clerk gave me a good selection to ponder, so I fell back to the old sniff test, the one with the best smell.    I broke out the beans this AM, ground them fresh and with the coldest water available brewed a pot.    All I can say is wow, the smell of the of the coffee in itself was a wake up call.     The first sip made me feel all warm and cozy inside, it's exactly what I expected in a first cup of coffee.  Had there been some snow on the ground, it would of been a perfect curl up on the couch with your blanket moment.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,2/15/2011,78,138,,7,3>Review Synopsis: YumOur waiter, David, was friendly, funny, and patient.  We ordered the appetizer sampler to start, including small portions of the hummus (eh), falafel (woohoo), and grape leaves (eh).You are not likely to leave this restaurant hungry.  Entrees come with soup or salad.  We tried the lemon chicken (with orzo) which was really lemony and very yummy, and the butternut squash, which had a hit of cinnamon in it that finished it off pretty good.My dining companion got the Pecan Chicken mentioned in a couple of the other reviews, and it is pretty freakin' amazing.  It's ginormous, and filled with delicious pecans (duh), chicken (duh), and saffron rice.  I got the Moussaka.  So here's the deal...I was lucky enough to go to Greece when I was young, and this stuff is basically what my poor folks could get me to eat while we were there.  Pomegranate stays pretty true from what I remember from 20 years ago on this dish.  It was pretty darn good.I'm tempted to compare this place with one of my very favorite Columbus eateries, Aladdin's -- but I don't think it's a fair comparison.  They are apples and oranges, Pomegranate leads toward a more Greek feel, and aims to be a little more swank.  That being said, I will say the hummus is not even a close match (Aladdin's wins x 1,000), and the falafel is not even a close match (Pomegranate wins x 1,000).  A gentleman I'm assuming was the owner came by and chatted with us for a bit and seemed like a nice guy.  Entrees are priced between 12.99 and 19.99, and do come with soup or salad.  They are also easily enough for two meals.Way too full for dessert this time, but I'll plan better for the next trip.  There were some good looking things in the dessert display.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,2/14/2011,182,928,2,5,2>It doesn't seem to matter how infrequently I come in, the barmaid always remembers what I want and how I want it cooked.  Today, along with my roast beef on weck, I also had a bowl of their chili.  This was made with real chunks of beef and tomatoes and peppers.  Moderately spicy, but not bad.  Truely a great place to dine.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,2/13/2011,121,124,,4,3>Barley's has become one of my favorite places to watch sports, sip a beer or two, and eat wings on High St. It's a good alternative to places like Eddie George's, and closer for folks living in the Short North and downtown.Check out Barley's if only for the beer; I recommend that you try the Scottish ale, which is my personal favorite. The winter warmer is decent, and I'd also suggest the barleywine.The wings here are worth oohing and aahing about. Grilled chicken wings! They'll make you feel slightly better about your New Year's resolutions, and the chipotle sauce is incredible. The nachos here are also pretty tasty. The hot pretzel appetizer is a bit unusual (at least from what I expected); they serve four gigantic hot dog-sized pretzels and two dips (one cheese, one mustard). I'm personally a bigger fan of cheese with pretzels, but instead of it being a dip, it was more like fondue. Not a bad thing, but just something to be aware of. The sauerkraut balls here are decent, but I think I prefer Mac's version.Another plus for Barley's is that it's open on Sundays (unlike fellow brewpub Elevator), and you can almost always find a bar seat or a table here.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,2/12/2011,67,792,,3,4>My first visit here and my first taste of mead, and both were great.  I think I liked the pure mead the best: "Southern Belle," just honey, water, and yeast.  An amazing taste, more complex than I expected.  I also really liked the "VO," an aged one flavored with vanilla and orange.  I think I tried all their others; they were each more different from the others than I expected, and pretty different from wine too.  There is something for everybody and for every occasion- dinner, dessert, on its own, etc.The products are incredible, the people are friendly and helpful, and I'll be back.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,2/11/2011,15,42,3,3,4>This place is nothing less than flat-out awesome.First, you must address the eccentricities inherent in Johnny Oak's: it's underneath the stairs of an Indian restaurant. It's got virtually no sign. The menu changes based on Johnny's whims, and is full of sarcastic misspellings and other in-jokes (At one point, the menu offered an "ay-too-fay", with the sub-description "Because I don't know how to spell 'Étouffée'"). You never know what kind of drinks are going to be offered, one time it was Dr. Pepper or water, and the last time I was there it was a selection of sodas from Aldi (the orange and grape are great).I don't know about you, dear Yelper, but all this enhances the charm of the already great food, which I suppose I should stop rambling and describe. The menu, though somewhat fluid, always focuses on Po Boys, which, if you have not been schooled, are spicy Cajun sandwiches, usually seafood-based, served on a grilled baguette. Everything I've tried has been mouthwatering, filling, and plenty spicy. The standout stuff, in my opinion, is the Shrimp Creole Po Boy, the Fried Oyster Po Boy, and the Cajun Fries. You can get everything either Hot or "Not So Hot," but I think you can guess what the right choice is in that dichotomy.A few final points: prices vary, but have actually dropped recently: the last shrimp po boy I had was about 7 bucks, which is a good deal considering the substantial size and amount of shrimp. Johnny also has a "stimulus package" off and on. Ask about it. Hey, to quote Johnny's website: You need to eat, eat good!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,2/10/2011,59,193,4,8,6>easily the best coffee house in Columbus. And possibly the least expensive!I've had some good brewed coffee (Impero) and a great latte (Touch of Earth) but Luck Bros is great for both, which is rare in a city where great coffee is an exception, not a rule.their decaf coffee (a must for my cardiac-impaired boyfriend) is easily the best decaf coffee I have ever had. and it's fresher and more environmentally conscious because the non-chemical decaffeinating is done in Mexico, instead of Switzerland. I had a few sips of his chemex pour-over, and it was great.their drip coffee when I had it was a fresh batch, and was also excellent. I also had a no-frills latte which was pretty good too.they also have a home-made hummus, which is fantastic, zesty, and delicious with a torn-up pumpernickel bagel. They also had oversized chocolate cookies for 75 cents, which were crispier than I like but tasty (and you can't really argue with that price).the ambiance of the place is nothing to write home about, but they had free wifi (unsecured, uh-oh) and adequate outlets. they also sell their coffee and coffee-making products, which is very convenient.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,2/9/2011,118,70,,16,4>I love to try new and exciting foods. It's the very first Tanzanian restaurant in Columbus. I researched their history before I went to get a sense of the cuisine (yes I'm a huge nerd). In the area's long history, the region has been occupied by many different cultures over the last 300 years and it shows in the food. Not quite Indian, not Somalian, but a unique blend of the two and more. The spices and flavors were extraordinary! I really enjoyed the food and will be bringing friends. From what I understand, they just opened. The staff was incredibly friendly. I recommend starting with the beef samosas and the beef and rice dish. Excellent!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,2/8/2011,8,19,4,6,5>I have been a regular patron of J&B's pretty much since they opened. I only eat the breakfast options, so I can't attest to the quality of the lunch items. This quite possibly may be THE only place in Columbus where one can get a properly cooked omelet / egg. By proper I mean not overcooked to the point that the egg has any brown coloring, and not undercooked with runny whites. The hash browns are also cooked perfectly with a nice golden brown crust. My favorite two items are the mushroom and swiss omelet and the huevos rancheros, oh and the coconut pancakes are yummy too. The one thing I don't recommend is the coffee. I make sure to drink it at home before I go. The owners treat my husband and me like family, always remembering our names. They are friendly folks that I actually like giving my business to.  Some of the servers are not terrific, but easy to flag down if you need something. I never go on the weekends because it tends to be busy with college students, and the wait is rather long. During the week it is perfect and laid back.To clear up a point some other reviewers made, they do accept cards. It is not a cash only situation. They don't split checks, but come on, we can all do some simple math. The menu items are inexpensive so just cough up the $5 or $6 tab for your friend across the table.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,2/7/2011,125,65,2,11,5>NOM NOM!This place is pretty classy looking. Nice wrought iron gates and a big patio. The inside seemed pretty, but being a Friday night it was really crowded. We sat on the patio to take advantage of the relative quiet and fading-summer warmth.The first thing they brought out was a delightful sundried tomato dip, which we demolished using great slabs of delicious fresh bread. They nicely brought out more dip without being asked. I could have just eaten bread and dip for dinner, it was so good. But then I had my lamb shish kebab and it was pretty much the best thing ever. Super tender and flavorful and the rice was buttery deliciousness. The veggies that came with it were not too exciting in comparison - some green beans, bell pepper, and celery.The waiter was friendly and attentive. They have a pretty big food menu and a nice, equally big cocktail menu. The food was reasonably priced, in the $13-16 range for entrees - not a cheap place to eat, sure, but not overly fancy-expensive either.I'd definitely go back. It's a little gem in a strip mall. (Then again... strip malls typically are the places you find hidden gems. Note to self: visit Bethel Road more often!)
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,2/6/2011,4,4,2,7,2>My family and I ate here the other night.  From the website, we were expecting an interesting and unique dining out experience, along with some really wonderful food.  I called in advance to find out what the kids could eat and from that phone call on, the experience was great.My kids are relatively picky eaters.  The two-year-old is probably the most adventurous of the three, and she was eager to try some of the salad, the pizza bread, a little of the spaghetti, and some of the stuffed bell pepper.  My three-year-old didn't eat much, but he sure enjoyed talking with the guys working there.  They were great with him and I'm sure he'll be asking to go back to tell some more jokes, laugh, and have fun.The pickiest eater of the three is my eleven-year-old and surprisingly, he LOVED the sausage he got prepared just for him.  They said, "So, a salad for two," to which I replied, "sure." I was amazed when I saw the size of the salad they brought.  And the taste of this salad was different and tasty.  Not the typical house salad, that's for sure.  Green leafy lettuce, radishes, cheese, some type of house dressing, carrots, and on and on.  Other folks have mentioned this salad on Yelp and it's certainly worth mentioning. The stuffed pepper and eggplant parmesan were the best we've had yet.  They laid it all out on a plate of spaghetti and it was as if we were in an expensive, fine dining establishment that's friendly to kids but for a small fraction of that cost.I highly recommend going to Cafe Bella if you're looking for a high quality unique dining experience at a very reasonable price.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,2/5/2011,5,14,,6,6>in all honesty, i'd only recommend wall street on special occasion nights. if you're looking to hook-up, show up on the weekends. expect to pay a fee to get in. $5-$10. there is an upstairs with couches, pool tables and an extra bar. so if its packed, and you cant get a drink downstairs, go upstairs and you'll probably get served right away. also, the top level balcony serves as an excellent way to spot the hot girls. just a suggestion. the music is interesting. very lady gaga with a random spice girls song thrown in. (by the time i'm dancing, i'm drunk anyhow, so i don't really care)the burlesque night was very very awesome and worth the money....it went to breast cancer awareness. traffic night is pretty packed as well. in comparison to other gay places. if you want to dance with lesbians, this is the only place to go. i wouldn't suggest any of the other lesbian bars. and yes, there are polo wearing lesbians, but typically don't find the rugged scary dykes that hang out at slammers. (but ya, they show up too)in closing: if you're a young lesbian trying to meet someone, i'd suggest wall. but, like i said, pick a night wisely. you'll pay $5 to get in and as soon as you walk in, you'll see there are 2 lesbians dancing together. it can be a waste, but if you go on traffic night, or any other special event, you will have fun. side note: if you plan on going here for PRIDE. get there early. they are at maximum capacity all night. (and there arent many other options as far as lesbian filled places)
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2010,2/4/2011,217,243,3,5,1>Stopped in tonight for restaurant week because they had one of the best menus I had seen.  I had already planned out my plan of attack and was kind enough to tell my friend what he was going to order as an appetizer.We had the loaded tavern chips and spinach and artichoke dip to start.  I loved the loaded tavern chips, I've had "dirty chips" at a number of places but these really hit the spot.  The spinach and artichoke was good, but no better than any other place in the area (such as the Brazenhead).  We followed this with Matt's burger and the asparagus lasagna.  As expected the burger was delicious and the sweet potato fries really added something, although I assume they were frozen and not home made.  As for the lasagna, there was something a bit off, the noodles seemed to be al dente which isn't ideal for lasagna.And of course we had to have dessert.  I ordered the chocolate mousse and my friend tried the key lime pie.  Again, my food came out fantastic and his a bit mediocre.  There was something definitely off about the key lime pie and it sat on our table untouched for a while.  A number of servers (none our own) walked by without asking how everything was, and then the manager walked by without saying a word.  As my friend is in the restaurant business, he was seriously disappointed with the service.  On top of that, when our server came back with our check and we made a complaint, she was a bit rude about our opinion of the pie.  She did offer us another dessert (more mousse that is now in my fridge) but we were put-off with her attitude.They have an extensive menu that I look forward to trying, but unfortunately the service was sub-par.  Hopefully the service will improve by the next time I go there.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,2/3/2011,272,378,2,4,3>I am still dreaming about their ika maruyaki (grilled squid) with ground ginger. Each piece had a good balance of chewy and soft with a little crisp. Even the end parts-- which everyone usually avoids since there's little actual meat-- was crispy and oh-so-yummy. Since I had company, I tried to refrain myself from gobbling up the whole plate. It was probably a good thing that it arrived with my entree. Deciding what to order was quite the feat but I was pretty happy with the yakiniku. The meat was very tender and came with some steamed veggies. All-in-all, I definitely will be back to try other dishes!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/2/2011,86,139,9,2,4>Wellll, sonny, let me tell you in the winter of 2011 there was a blizzard in Columbus. And boy was it a humdinger. You see, I had just biked uphill (and it's uphill both ways... or so I can recall) to school when the blizzard was only just a baby - a glimmer in the forecaster's eyes. On the way back, though, that's when things got saucy - slipping and sliding all over the road and shooting all sorts of filth all over my back. Well, when I finally got back to my 1 sq ft apartment and was drenched with slush, I swore to myself that that was the day I would get mud guards for my bike. And so I went to Paradise Garage.Almost needless to say, Paradise Garage had exactly what I was looking for and at a not-so-terrible price. Nice young whipper-snappers tending the cash registers - we couldn't even pay for our Starbucks with our iPhones at that time so we used "cash" - and I was in-and-out in a matter of minutes.That, my boy, is the story of how I survived the rest of winter of 2011 with the help of Paradise Garage.P.S. - There's a parking lot right next to Price Ave...
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2010,1/31/2011,67,23,2,4,3>It was ok. Not great but not bad. It wasn't bad for upper Arlington, let's put it that way. Besides the Refectory and a plethora of Asian restaurants, fine dining/good food is a bit of slim pickings in this area. The only gripe I had with the food is that some of it seemed deep fried. Otherwise, it was tasty.The service was good, despite the fact that the waiter seemed to give exactly the same "heart felt"' speech to every customer almost verbatim. The drink selection and the ambiance were also good. I'd come here again, especially for happy hour, as many of the drinks were discounted.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,1/30/2011,93,113,2,7,4>I love Taj - I have been going here since I moved to Columbus (8 years ago). I have spent quite a bit of time in England, and ate mostly Indian food there, so when I came to Columbus I was looking for the best and most authentic place to curb my cravings.Curb indeed.Not only is the food delicious, but the feeling of the place itself is so reminiscent of the tiny London sidestreet Indian places we frequented years ago. Essentially you eat in a turn-of-the-century house with a room tacked on the back. The wide dark woodwork and wood floors are very warm and comfortable, and the linens and cloth napkins are very classic London-Indian place.The food itself is delicious. It's the perfect amount of spices (though you can tailor it milder or spicier if you'd like) and very generous portions. The naan and paneer onion kulcha is fresh, and obviously so. They bake it to order in a Tandoor oven in their kitchen. (It's absolutely NOT microwaved.) Our favorites are the Bangain Bartha, Coconut Murgh, and Lamb Rogan Josh, but they have all the standards like Chicken Tikki Masala and samosas and they are all delicious. The chai iced tea is also very tasty.The family that owns Taj Mahal (and has for 26 years) is from Northern India so if their food tastes different than you're used to, you might have had other region's foods in the past. Indian food differs greatly all over the country. It's as silly to compare different regions of India as it is to compare a fresh Maine Lobster to Texan BBQ. So if you didn't like Taj the first time around, try something different and ask what region influences other restaurants' cooking that you like. I will be back - many, many times...
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,1/29/2011,56,78,,5,8>I don't really have a bar that I claim to be "my go-to bar" in Columbus. I guess that's a good sign that I am not an alcoholic. That or I am just not picky. But, if I had to choose a bar to go to on the fly on any random day, Short North Tavern comes to mind.Short North Tavern is a modest bar that fits the bill for everything I like: nothing too prentious, nothing too dirty, no loud music, cheap drinks, close proximity to home, a nice selection of grub, and dart boards! You can go here with friends, enjoy a cheap beer on draught and still hear each other's conversation without having to scream. Music exists here, but is not too loud. Plus, it's not the annoying top-40 hits or techno beats. Instead, it's good old classic rock like The Rolling Stones. The benches are made of wood and the bar is one nice-sized open room. The place does get a little crowded on weekends, but if you get there before 10 and snatch up a table, you should be set. They have good food as well...and a wide selection. I recently had the catfish and chips and I have no complaints about it! The waitress was a bit slow, and forgetful, but she remedied that by giving our table a drink on the house (at least she recognized she wasn't exactly on the ball that night).And, as I mentioned, there are dartboards in the back, which have provided many great memories for me and my friends. There are also lots of TVs which usually have on sporting events, and just an overall great ambience! The crowd here are sort of a mixed bag, but definitely does not contain "douche bags"! GO HERE!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,1/26/2011,169,192,,5,7>FYI: This review is coming from someone that hasn't entered a public library in, probably, 11 years. This library is AWESOME. I love, love, love it. It's right near my house (which is the biggest perk) but I love that I can sign onto their website, request my book, and then they email me when it's ready. I'm sure A LOT of libraries do this now but I know for a fact that the library in my hometown does not.I also love the easy, checkout process. If I have three books that I've requested, then I go over to the request shelves and pick them up. The self-checkout process is so simple and I'm out of there within 3 minutes.If I choose to spend LONGER than 3 minutes in the library, they have a great area to use computers, sit and read, and a great movie/music selection. I've also been quite impressed with the children's section and activities (even though I don't have kids).Overall, a fabulous resource and I'm so glad it's part of my community.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,1/25/2011,51,82,3,14,2>So over the past year or so I stopped going to hookah bars that because I had hookahs at home and most places in Columbus use mediocre tobacco. Well I no longer have hookahs (long story) and felt the hankering for hookah and decided to give Leen O's a chance and I am glad I did. There are many things that sets Leen O's apart from the few other hookah bars I've been.First off the entire place is open with a lot of seating including some tables and chairs and a few couches. The decor is nice and kinda reminds me of the Mos Eisley Cantina from Star Wars (wow that was INCREDIBLY nerdy of me) Instead of going up to the counter to look at a menu and order you sit down and they bring you a menu for you to look over. After a few minutes I thought I knew what I wanted and when the worker came back I asked him a few questions about the tobacco they use and what he would recommend. He suggested their special the Leen O's Chill Chill which is a mixed fruit blend they get shipped to them from Jordan from a relative put into an orange bowl (not the color orange but the fruit), the whole hookah is set in a tub of ice to keep it cool and smooth and then they put fruit punch in the vase instead of water. I didn't think that any of these things would make a huge difference but it was an amazing hookah. The smoke never got harsh and the orange and fruit punch enhanced the mixed fruit flavor of the tobacco. Another huge bonus for Leen O's over other hookah bars is they give you tongs to move your coals around along with a few extra coals you can add when you need. No waiting on someone to come around to give you a fresh coal and no getting yelled at for touching the coals (this has happened to me at another hookah bar in town)Anytime I have a hankering for hookah this will be my hookah bar of choice. Check it out if you enjoy a good hookah from time to time.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,1/24/2011,38,73,,11,3>The Shamrock Club is a social organization with a clubhouse and grounds off of High Street on the south side of Columbus. The clubhouse is often open to the public during festivals, concerts, public parties and other events, and it's worth checking out if you like Irish music, Irish culture, or even just Irish beer!There are two bars in the building- the main bar is in the basement, and has a cozy, pub-like feel with interesting decorations, photographs, and historical ephemera. The upper floor features a big meeting room, small bar, and a wide open space that can be rented out for parties and weddings. The outside grounds have a picnic shelter, playground, and other things used during festivals and parties. The Shamrock Club sponsors live Irish music in the pub, quiz nights, dart leagues, progressive euchre nights, and much more.If you like the sound of all this, consider becoming a member, whether you are of Irish decent or not. The website for this organization states:"We welcome all who express a sincere desire to be a member of this great Irish community. If you love Irish culture, Irish history, Irish music, or Ireland itself; then you will fit right in with the wonderful people you meet at the Shamrock Club." You can go to their website for more information about joining. Check it out!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,1/23/2011,135,164,4,6,7>I came here during Dine Originals Columbus.  I shared the tapas for 3 deal with a friend.  The first dish was  achiote marinated prawns. Watercress and Marinated Jicama Salad, Lime and Coriander Vingaigrette.  The prawns were charred just to the perfect smokiness.  Delicious!The second dish was carmelized brussel sprouts and chick peas with an orange sherry glaze.  I've never had well prepared brussel sprouts that didn't have an overwhelmingly bitter flavor, but these were perfect.  The third dish was Pan seared Pork Tenderloin over Swiss Chard. Serrano Ham and Sweet Pea Cream Sauce.  The swiss chard was burnt a tad bit, but in the best way possible!  I couldn't get enough of it.  The pork was tender and went well with the pea cream sauce.  Oh myy thinking of this food again is making my mouth water.My meal was complete with a Bloody Mamacita.  The rim was dusted with salt, celery seed, and other spices. It was probably one of the best bloody marys I've ever had.  Mmmm!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,1/22/2011,17,74,,3,3>I like everything about this places, killer hot dogs, , burgers, and fries.  I'm a hot dog nut so a place serving hot dogs has to have a good one.  The guy told me they are hebrew national hotdogs which I love because they are all beef, plus you can get bacon and cheese on it which is out of site.  Now lets get to the burgers, I am a big eater so I like a large sandwich, and the burgers here are huge and the toppings are great # Mayo, Relish, Onions, Lettuce,Pickles,Tomatoes, Grilled Onions, Grilled Mushrooms, Ketchup,Mustard, Jalapeno Peppers, Green Peppers, A.1.® Steak Sauce, Bar-B-Q Sauce, Hot Sauce all of which you can add for free.They have a little burger which is just one patty, or the cheeseburger which is two patties.  I always get the bacon cheeseburger with everything, and when they say everything they mean everything.  Though the fries are expensive $2.99 for a small, the amount you get and quality is crazy.  I would say the amount of a small equals two large fries from mcdonalds.  And the fries are cut fresh, they even tell you where they came from when you walk in. For a fast food burger this is my go to place, so glad these guys came around.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,1/21/2011,172,99,,6,2>If you are looking for some awesome ice cream, then this is the place to go!  Yes, Jeni's is great and everyone knows it, but you should also give Mardi Gras a shot for some fun interesting flavors.As you walk in you are either greeted by the owner or by friendly high school kids working behind the counter.  You also notice pictures covering the wall of loyal Mardi Gras patrons who keep on coming back for more.  In the case are traditional flavors like pecan praline and cookie dough along side more unusual flavors like blue moon (almost like a cake batter flavor) and highlander grog.  The flavors change as the tubs run out; but that's not all.  You thought Jeni's had some unusual flavors, but have you heard of keshar pista?  Along with the photos on the walls, there is also a menu full of traditional Indian flavored ice creams that are not feature in the main case.  I have tried a few, but usually stick to my favorites.  I can't name any more flavors so you will just have to check it out for yourself.My mom and I always share the bananarama: half a banana, two scoops, hot fudge and nuts; it's a great deal.  My sister always gets butterscotch or blue moon in a pointy cake cone.  No matter what you get, you can't go wrong!!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,1/20/2011,114,521,2,7,4>Ever since Little Palace re-opened, I've occasionally suggested it to friends who wanted to hit Dirty Frank's, especially on nights where DF had a long wait.After several months of "Naah, maybe another time", they finally caved, and we're all kicking ourselves for not going sooner.Dark wood, low lighting, and a quiet feel to the place give you the urge to relax and order a drink. I agree that it feels a bit like something out of "Mad Men." I was possessed by the strong urge to order a Manhattan, because it seemed exactly like the kind of place you'd drink one. When I did, I decided to leave the choice of bourbon to the bartender, since I wasn't sure what they had available. When my waitress returned with drinks, she mentioned the bartender had taken care of me and mixed the drink with Maker's Mark.There seemed to be a decent selection of beers, but when I tried to check out the bar I ran into one of the few problems I had here - the lighting was so low around the bar area that even after my eyes had adjusted to the lighting after coming in from outside, I couldn't read a single tap or beer label. The food is a relatively small but awesomely executed menu. Our table of four split the charcuterie platter, enjoying the thinly sliced meats and cheeses, and decided to try a side of the roasted sprouts as an appetizer as well. I cannot say enough good things about the sprouts. Nutty, salty, a little spicy. Wow. They disappeared almost as soon as they hit the table, and I had to go back for more by ordering the roasted sprouts 'pizza' (though given there was barely any cheese and no real sauce, it's probably better to consider this a flatbread. An incredibly tasty flatbread, layered with slices of the roasted sprouts, a few bits of pancetta, and a light dusting of cheese over some melted garlic butter, but still a flatbread.)I also decided to try a side of the house cured bacon - WOW. Thick cut, nicely cooked, crispy, a little salty, a little pepper-y, a little fatty, just a perfect BACON flavor. If you like pig, you need to eat this.It's certainly not as cheap as their next door neighbor (a typical meal at DF will usually run me ~$15. Dinner at Little Palace did me for $40 plus tip), but it's a totally different experience, and worth going out for.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,1/19/2011,185,387,12,8,4>"Yay! I'm a fan" ... but you may not find the qualities of this place so endearing.First of all, French-- yes! But in that old kind of way. By "old" I mean the clientele and staff age demographic is pretty much 80+. And by French I mean soaked in butter.Alex's Bistro is getting such a high rating from me because the joint is steeped in nostalgia for me. It's very close to my parents' house, and I used to feel important ordering in French back when I was 12. Props for being located in a strip mall, but forgetting all about that fact once you're inside. It really *does* remind me of an authentic, suburban, neighborhood french cafe. C'est vrai!PROS: I've seen Jim Tressel eating there twice. He lives nearby.CONS: Keep an eye on the geriatric bartender, she might switch your water with the soda she's been nursing all night.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2010,1/18/2011,55,358,,7,6>1st off, I'm an omnivore. 2nd: Dragonfly Neo V Cuisine made a serious impression on me. I ordered an intriguing $12  appetizer and was assured it was rather large and it was. The dish was an Indian curry empanada of sorts in a vegan mole sauce. I  was blown away; never would I have thought that just down the street I could ever find a Mexican-Indian fusion dish, but there it was and it worked seamlessly. My friend, to whom I gave a generous bite, can attest to the goodness therein. Vegan sour cream? I still don't know how they do it. If you're not keen on spending around $20 or more for an entree there are some great  appetizers on the menu for the more frugal diner. This is not a place to bring a big appetite, but rather munch on something unique when you're feeling peckish. They also have some good mixed drinks at the bar which is a nice place to hang out. While I'm partial to its cheaper delicious cousin next door, On The Fly, I still recommend making it over here every once in a while at the very least. Fortunately, despite a patron's attractive suggestion that they relocate to NYC and crush the competition, they've chosen to stay put in unassuming, but very cool Columbus and they're one of the many reasons why this city is so great.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,1/17/2011,123,50,7,10,8>When I'm in the mood, I like to go "thrifting."  Like grocery shopping, it's therapeutic for me ^^;; Even if I do splurge, I usually manage to stay on top - budget wise.  I came upon Ohio Thrift Store because don't know my cardinal directions (equals to no-sense of direction).  It was fate that I had about an hour of "freedom" from studying and reading (no, not for enjoyment, but text books) before heading back to school, when I accidentally drove by this store .  So I went in with not much expectation and I was just a tad impressed; ok, pretty impressed.  Aside from being dirt cheap, the store was clean, organized and had correct labeling on items, diversity from clothing to furniture.  I can't say all this for lot of thrift stores I've been to in the past... Should I given another time to thrift, you will be able to find me here kakakakaka....
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,1/16/2011,134,190,,6,4>It can be a challenge to find good vegan food sometimes.  Whole World is great, because many of the items are marked "vegan optional" which is great.  I'm writing this review update because, although I've eaten here many times, it's always been for lunch or dinner.  I finally got around to having a Sunday afternoon brunch and, boy was I not let down!I took a picture of the special fruit pancakes (today was banana!) and the Big Breakfast which, of course, I ordered vegan.  I always recommend going with a friend and sharing, so you can get a wider variety, and this experience was no different.  Pancakes AND a more savory breakfast: how could you go wrong?Each of the plates had a few slices of fresh kiwi...super yummy!I ordered the grapefruit juice, which was tasty, and I also ordered a side of the vegetable hash stuff.  It tasted really good, but didn't photograph well, but trust me, it's good.One thing I have to remind folks - especially if you're having something savory: they generally have ketchup, Tabasco sauce, and Sriracha hot sauce; you just have to ask.Also, don't forget the desserts: yellow card is for my vegetarian friends and green cards are vegan!  Makes it really easy to differentiate.The service is still a bit slow, but the wait is worth it, and the staff is really cool.  I just mention that because if you're in a hurry, you should call ahead.P.S. My earlier review is much more comprehensive, and covers the other aspects of the restaurant.  Please read for much more info.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,1/15/2011,14,34,2,5,1>I came across these guys after hearing that a hot dog joint had opened up in Grove City.   A hot dog joint in Grovetucky?  I must admit, I was a bit incredulous when I finally got a chance to give them a shot.Boy am I glad that I did.  I tried the New York style, and the Chicago style...  Clearly, this man has travelled... because unlike pretty much every hot dog establishment I've ever been to... the Chicago dog was pretty much a straight replica of a Demon Dog on DePaul campus.... and the New York dog was authentic as well.  I was floored.The food is great, the family that runs it is VERY friendly...  If you're a fan of hot dogs and find yourself in Grovetucky... give 'em a shot.  Good food... horrible location.  =)Oh... and try the sweet potato french fries with all the fixins.... mmm.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,1/14/2011,115,228,,5,5>Okay, so, I am admitting up front--I am writing this review on the strength of exactly one (1) dish.  This is a dish I've been eating at Yau's for around six years.  I have tasted others' food there but this particular dish is so good that I keep getting it every single time.I'm speaking, of course, of the General Tso's chicken, with steamed, not fried, rice.I recognize that General Tso's is not an authentic representation of Chinese food.  I don't really care.  Their General Tso's (henceforth referred to as GT) is supreme when it comes to Americanized fast food Chinese.  It has a fabulous balance of spicy and sweet that I like to augment with just a drizzle of the chili oil that is on each of the tables.  The rice soaks up the remainder of the sauce.  The chicken is nice and crispy on the outside.  The portions are gargantuan (someone mentioned the price went up to $7 for a small portion--totally worth it, the small portion is not particularly "small").  I have tasted some of the other dishes--I had a curried chicken there once that was super hot.  I loved it; it made my roommate at the time sick.  I believe I tried duck once; it was lackluster.  I mainly stick to my GT and occasionally add an egg roll or a Thai iced tea with lychee jelly.If you eat in, they serve you with both American utensils and a nice, sturdy set of chopsticks; they don't make you eat with the crappy wooden ones if you aren't taking it to go.  They also bring you water.  The service is pretty good there for what it is, which is a no-frills, bare-bones kind of place with minimal decor.  They're attentive enough, but not overly so.  The condiments provided on the table are duck sauce, chili oil, and soy sauce; they have packets of hot mustard that are served with the egg rolls, so if hot mustard is your thing, I'm sure they'll give you some if you ask.I prefer Yau's to fast-food Chinese chains.  For a comparable price, you're getting a much better product.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,1/13/2011,14,73,4,11,4>After getting the shaft not once but twice on Craigslist bikes I decided I couldn't wait any longer and wanted to deal with someone who wouldn't sell to someone else before I showed up. I couldn't be happier with the service and product I got here.  I spent a little (OK, a lot) more than I originally planned to but it has seemed worth it so far.  The bike was fully reconditioned with brand new tires and grip tape, tuned up brakes and no rusty parts. The man who helped me spent a good deal of time telling me everything I needed to know about finding the right size for my height, shifting/using gears properly, and switching from a crappy rust bucket K-Mart mountain bike to a legit, street worthy ride.  He even offered to help me change over the cushy seat and luggage rack I already had. This is the first place I would recommend for someone looking to get a used bike that's still in great shape, with helpful/knowledgeable staff to boot. I totally drank the kool-aid.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,1/12/2011,370,523,3,7,2>Delicious. Ambient. Comfortable. Consistent. Well Executed. Memorable. That's how I would describe Third & Hollywood. Apparently third time was the charm for me and I am currently in love with this restaurant! There was nothing pretentious about Hollywood this time around. Nothing but smiles and grace from all of the staff. The waiters in particular were on point (as usual). Attentive, friendly, and engaging, but not too much chat. Loved it. We told them we would be eating leisurely and they gave us just the right amount of time to linger through our meal. Mixed drinks came out promptly and the wine had a generous pour. I absolutely recommend the ginger mojito!! If you're not a drinker then just get the house ginger ale. It's just lovely with the bite of fresh ginger and the sweetness of simple syrup, and the bright mint. Just lovely! Appetizers of grilled artichokes and PEI mussels were perfect. The artichoke was cooked perfectly, well seasoned, with great grill marks served with a complimentary, but almost unnecessary dipping aioli. The mussels were enjoyed by my friends with the cute grilled bread slices and alleged "so-good-you-could-drink-it" broth. I ordered the burger after reading Jackie C.'s review and he is right. That burger is THE BEST I have ever had. The meat was perfectly season and tasted so fresh I though they had ground a steak that had just come from a cow they have out back. The patty was formed into a thickness that allowed the sandwich to fit in my mouth without looking like a glutton. The meat wasn't packed too tightly so the patty remained more tender and moist than any burger I've ever had. The brioche roll was buttery and perfect complimented my mustard, pickle, onions, greens, and tomato. I made the mistake of asking for ketchup. It was so flavorful, it didn't even need it. I even ended up taking the pickle off because I didn't like that the pickle flavor was overpowering the delicious meat, cheddar, and brioche. To sum things up. It was a masterpiece! I had the side Caesar salad, which was fresh and good with the butter brioche croutons. It was a refreshing side with a hint of lemon and anchovies, a bit over dressed, but not offensive. My friends had the trout special with green bean salad and the rib eye special with mashed potatoes. I would personally avoid the mashed potatoes as they are prepared with a TON of parsley mixed in them. So much it's like a salad mixed with potatoes. The green bean salad is a great alternative as its dressed with a garlic dressing on fingerling potatoes and the haricot vert. We had the coffee service which is french press coffee. It was strong, but balanced. It was the perfect accompaniment to the pecan pie sundae. The warm chocolate pecan pie on Jeni's honey vanilla bean ice cream with whipped cream and candies pecans is to die for. As a woman dining next to us said, "dig deep!" Good advice!This was a fantastic evening that will bring me back to Third & Hollywood again! As many times as my friends will take me there! The bill was astronomical, but the service and food left me with no regrets!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,1/11/2011,528,372,11,20,11>Whenever I ask one of my Indian friends where I should go for good, authentic Indian cooking, she always points me to New India Restaurant. I'd be lying if I were to say that I wasn't a bit skeptical at times, since I hardly ever see anyone walk into the restaurant. Imagine my surprise when I was greeted by a nearly full dining area during lunch time!The buffet offerings here were far superior than what the best Indian restaurant in Toledo (Indian Jewel) offered. Never a fan of the vegetarian dishes, I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw at least four meat entrees. Chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, and lamb curry were all outstanding. Dipping the naan in the sauces of the aforementioned tikka masala and curry dishes sent me off with a food coma. I was also delighted to see that there were more than one dessert option, but who am I kidding? I MUST get the rice pudding whenever I see it, and so far, I've seen it offered at every buffet I've been to. The other dessert option was gulab jamun. The gods of Indian desserts must have known ahead of time that I would be stopping in that day, hence, the presentation of two of my all time favorite desserts. The staff was friendly and speedy. Plates were quickly cleared from our table and waters immediately refilled. Highly recommend for a quick and hassle-free lunch!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,1/10/2011,183,780,1,5,5>Friday night, I was hungry.  The bf was hungry.  And we didn't want to do much in the way of getting food, so we decided to walk down the Little Italy.  We had coupons for free food too (which we then promptly forgot to use) so it was an easy choice.At 7.30pm it was packed.  No seats available whatsoever.  We decided to wait around because we knew it couldn't be too long.  One of the waitresses was even more super helpful by finding a larger table with a couple chairs at the end and asking the people already eating there it we could steal the end.  As much as I love the pizza here, I really had to get the spaghetti!  This is a family owned business and they still make all their food (including the spaghetti) onsite.  Their spaghetti isn't your typical spaghetti.  It is made from egg noodles that are thick and have so much flavor.  Homemade, thick tomato sauce that sticks to all the noodles and actually tastes like fresh tomatoes.  Their salads are some of the best I've ever had.  It has a lot of dressing on it which I usually don't like, but this dressing isn't heavy at all so it works well.  The spaghetti dinner for 2 has enough spaghetti for about 4 meals, 2 salads and bread.  The spaghetti also has 2 giant, delicious meatballs.  Delish =)This is not haute cuisine.   This is one of those places where your meal is served in a foil pan and plastic plates.  But what you will get is a nice meal where you feel like they're feeding their family.  The staff is friendly and amazing.  The other patrons are friendly and will be more than happy to say hello and pass you some napkins if you need them.  There's an oldstyle jukebox, arcade games, and if you're a gambler, keno and Ohio Lottery are played here.  You'd never guess this place was good.  But for less than $20 for dinner for 2 and and some to take home, and excellent service, you can't beat it.  The Big Bass Brothers found this out as well.  You can listen to their review here - a1135.g.akamai.net/f/113
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,1/9/2011,884,714,4,8,7>Haha! Willy's for life! A little corner store in South Linden, Willy's can satisfy most of your needs within a very small amount of space. They have no liquor license, perhaps by choice (I can't see police "cracking down" on a place like this...), but they do sell wife-beaters and socks! Canned Haddock or Cod? I got you! Cat litter? I got you! Take'n'Bake pizza? I definitely got you! Ice cream? I got you! Blank CDs (4 for a dollar)? I got you! Um...this week's hottest releases...totally legal copies? Oh, I got you.  Plus, everything else you'd expect from a corner store.There is no minimum price to use a card. That rules. The owners are helpful and courteous, if not friendly. I went in to get some cups and they were temporarily out of stock. They gave me a small handful from their personal stash!  The prices are a bit steep, but it's RIGHT there, dawg. Give me convenience or give me death!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,1/8/2011,902,285,6,4,4>As far as patios go, this has to be one of the best in Columbus.Reasons:1) Ample seating. At least 12 tables. 2) Prettiful plant life. Flowers, bushes and trees galore.3) People watching. Prime view of the street, with a ton of foot traffic to boot.4) Proximity to Book Loft. Grab a new book and settle in for a cup of coffee or a cocktail!5) Rarely crowded. Comfortable. Quiet.6) Free wifiAs for German Village... people usually rave about the patio at Barcelona (which I do quite enjoy), but MoJoe's patio is a) less enclosed and b) less pretentious, so it meshes much better with me, personally.- Decent draft selection (CBC, Bells, Digfishhead, et al)- Decent happy hour (half off drafts, $1.50 domestics, $5 wine, $5 mojitos)I've never actually had food here, just drinks and coffee. Which, in all actuality, is 90% of my caloric intake. Win.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,1/7/2011,7,71,,6,3>Ostensibly this place is Chinese and Vietnamese, but per the advice of alteatscolumbus.com, you should probably stick to the Vietnamese selections toward the back of the menu.  Or, like me, just ask what they recommend. We started with the jellyfish appetizer.  The jellyfish itself had very little flavor, but it was pleasantly chewy.  The dressing was light and sweet.  When you add in the thinly sliced veggies that are part of this little salad you end up with a dish that is epitome of summer.  This was refreshing and everything I could possibly ask for on a hot day.  (It was not, in fact, hot when I visited but this dish made me wish it was.)  I would go back to China Jade just for this dish.  Next, on the recommendation of the server, I had the grilled pork chop.    If pork chops are not what come to your mind when you think of Asian food it's probably because you haven't had the pork chop at China Jade.  This was a seriously good piece of pig.  It had a flavorful crust on the outside and was tender and juicy inside.  Next time I want a pork chop I will probably go to China Jade.  The ambiance is about what you'd expect from a mom and pop asian restaurant.  It's nice, but casual.  A step above a hole in the wall, perhaps, but not much.  The service was competent.  The prices were on the high end of reasonable.From what I read on alteats, I'd probably stick to the dishes recommended by the servers, but the food I had tonight was about as good as food can be.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,1/6/2011,39,128,5,9,2>I have a lot of friends who claim to hate Easton. They complain that it seems fake and that it's overrun by soccer moms. Isn't that every mall? The reason why I like Easton so much is that it's outdoors. I can zoom around the tourists and out of control children to get what I need and get out. If it's a nice day, I like to stroll around and window shop. We all have to shop the chains eventually and Easton offers stores that most central Ohio malls don't. Nordstrom, Anthropologie, Sur La Table are just a few of my favorites. With Northstar Cafe and the home decor store Nest, I'm hoping to see more local options pop up soon!My advice for when you go:-Park in the Macy's or Nordstrom lots. You won't have to deal with pedestrians and it's easy to find a spot. That walk will be good for you.-Be prepared for a zoo of teenagers if you go to the movies weekend evenings-Take a stroll during the holidays, the decorations will make you feel festive-Dress for the weather, watch out for that Abercrombie stench when you walk by and you should be fine!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,1/5/2011,82,150,2,9,3>If you want authentic Japanese ingredients, Tensuke is the only place you need to go.Really, its like the ONLY place for miles and miles.  When friends of mine from Japan come to visit, (who now live in Michigan, West Virginia, North Carolina)  they are adamant: We have to go to Tensuke.For the Japanese cuisine enthusiast, you can find wonderfully affordable ingredients like fresh mitsuba and kikuna, Japanese variety eggplants, thin-sliced shabu-shabu meat, high quality ponzu sauce, and very fresh sashimi grade fish.  This is the only place I will buy fresh ginger.  Its sold by weight  ($1-2 for a large bulb) and is so fresh, so moist, with a thin skin.  I am really into this ginger!If you're not a cook, check this place out for frozen gyoza (Japanese pot stickers), premade sushi and bento, and a fun selection of snacks and treats.They also have a section of beauty products.  The Japanese are all about their baths - you gotta try out some of the bath salts and soaps.Last but not least, the service here is really great.  Employees are polite and helpful.  An awesome place!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,1/4/2011,23,36,6,14,11>There is a new sheriff in town. And it has the best Indian food, no contest. The food is amazing here. I had the buffet, which was bold, flavorful, and prepared so well. Unlike typical buffets, Chef Jhansi asks that you step in front of him so he can fill your tray with plates of food. No commonplace choices, either: keema, real south indian sambar, chicken curry, something with eggplant, and a couple other items, including gajar ka halwa. I'd stepped in here a couple weeks ago when he'd just opened the place, and he told me his restaurant would serve home cooked food. The reason for the atypical setup of the buffet? "We prepare it as home cooked, this is our home - come [up to get food] as many times as you want, just don't waste it." And why would you? This is what real Indian food tastes like in India, the kind an Indian mom or cook would make.While I couldn't stop eating the colorful orange vegetable biryani with the unbelievably tasty chicken curry, there was a steady stream of Indian people coming into the restaurant, warming my heart. They must have figured out what I did: the food here is unlike the food of any other restaurant. Here's my challenge: Take the food of Tadka, Amul India, New India, Taj, Bayleaf etc., and put it on the same table, sans labels. See if you can figure out who made what. With Reethika, you will.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,1/3/2011,44,55,2,3,4>Oh Jimmy V's how you have been there for me through many a random dates! I used to always suggest Jimmy V's as a first date location for several reasons... The atmosphere... Its nothing fancy, but, its not a dive bar either.The prices... Perfect first date prices... nothing too expensive or overwhelming. The food... They have a huge variety... not the healthiest options though. The people... A good combination of young and older.The Patio...The one in the front isn't that great because it is right on High St. but, the back patio has its own bar and a TV! The main reason I used to suggest it for first dates was because its in my neighborhood... but, not many of my friends actually go there that much, so, I could usually avoid awkward encounters. I think it is time to re-visit good old Jimmy V's patio again soon.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,1/2/2011,28,62,3,6,4>As someone who has a love of all things crafty, Sew to Speak is right up my alley. Small, quiet, locally-owned shop with a great selection of fun and unique fabrics? I am there!Right now, my muse is Amy Butler fabric (woo-hoo Ohio designer!) and Sew to Speak had a great selection of her designs, as well as several other designers whom I had only seen online before! What a goldmine for me, being able to get the same designer fabrics as online for a better price AND without shipping costs! They also have tons of cute Japanese fabric that I am in love with and want to horde all to myself.The only downfall to Sew to Speak is that you can easily drive right past it and never notice it! Their parking lot is quite small, but accessible none the less. However, that does not take away at all from the outstanding quality of their products and service this small store provides!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,1/1/2011,52,126,3,4,3>You can write HaikuThen you hang it on the wallsIt does not stay longHaha, get it?Just went here for lunch this afternoon. They have a nice deal where you get miso soup and small salad included with your meal.I ordered the pah thai and shared a spider roll with my lunch date. Both were very good and the pah thai had a huge portion (for only $8)! I'll most likely be having some for dinner tonight. The roll was savory and crisp.I've also gone here for dinner before. It can be a bit more pricy than the lunch menu. However, the food is delicious and well explained for any first time sushi eaters. Seasonal sushi selections are also available. I would recommend the sweet potato with cream cheese roll. Yum!Overall I prefer Akai hana for sushi, but Haiku is much closer to my job and still darn tasty.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,12/31/2010,260,212,1,9,2>BEST dim sum in Columbus. If you happen upon something better, please let me know because this is all I can find that is good in Columbus...unfortunately. They have the largest selection of dim sum and continue to make more throughout the lunch period. The prices are high, to me, but I compensate for that using restaurant.com gift certificate (they are amazing). The carts come by often enough and the servers can help you pick dishes in English if you don't know much about dim sum.This is 4 stars in my book as dim sum in Columbus goes. As for quality of dim sum overall from what I've experienced...it's more like a 2.5. So if you are from California, New York, Chicago, or some other big city with an awesome Chinatown, this isn't great, but the best you may be able to get in town.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,12/30/2010,219,113,7,8,10>I camped out at Buckeye Donuts for a solid 24 hours, and to my liking, I was never charged room or board.  Instead, I was given an invaluable experience. I am beginning to understand why Buckeye Donuts has been in business for over 50 years... and it's not necessarily because of their tasty donuts or low prices.I waited for the sun to set, watched the line of drunken college students shrink, then disappear.  I camouflaged my listening ears behind the playlists of 80s music, and listened in on the countless socio-political conversations taking place.  A few hours went by and I was hooked on donuts, caught in a myriad of discussions on American identity, cultural stigmas, injustices, government travesties, local music, and foreign film.  As the sun was rising, I had found a new appreciation for Columbus, a sense of belonging with a group of genuine artists and vagabonds.  I began to see Buckeye Donuts as more than a hideout for weirdos who had discarded the importance of balanced diet, but rather a haven for hope among the misunderstood, a relevant society of thinkers who use sugary dough as a catalyst for meaningful conversation.The environment was more than meaningful, it was productive.  I don't remember exactly how it happened, but I had accomplished three days of tasks in a single-sitting!  My laptop had done all my work for me.   Truly, there's a magic that takes place in the late-night hours of Buckeye Donuts, an inspiration that keeps you working through the night, and a sense of accomplishment that meets you for coffee in the morning.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,12/29/2010,8,41,7,9,3>I worship this place.  When it moved from Kenny and Henderson I had a little heart attack, thinking -- oh God, I need to find a new Indian store to get my cheap pulses, spices, frozen veggies, rice, coconut milk, curry leaves, and Masala Munch potato chips -- and then was quickly relieved to see that it had moved, not closed.  I am not as familiar with this new, fancy Patel Bros, but I'm happy the business appears to be doing well.  Someone mentioned the chickpea bag -- yup, been there, bought that.  Used them all, need more. Saved probably 20$ in the long run.  The produce here is more seasonal than not -- you'll find some things that are high quality and awesome sometimes, but then shriveled and sad other times.  Generally, starchy things are always good, Indian peppers are spicy, and I'd avoid the tomatoes or anything that perishes quickly.  This is the sort of place where they have a 10$ minimum credit card limit (they might not anymore, not sure) and you can buy an armful of goodies, sure that you'll be over the limit, but need to grab an extra 3 cans of coconut milk to go over the total.  I'm mostly more of an expert on the non-premade stuff, although my boyfriend assures me the premade packages of chana masala, etc, are fine, but all of the other stuff I've purchased from here has been perfectly acceptable about about half the price of what you'd pay at a normal grocery store.  I mentioned the Masala Munch Lays potato chips.  BUY THESE.  If you like spicy food, these will change your life, or at least make you prone to hyperbole.   They're sort of like the Thai Kettle Chips, but better and cheaper.  And, this was the one place I could find chaat masala with ease. Now that this place is in the Sawmill area, it's yet another specialty store eeking into my relationship with WFM.  With the Andersons (awesome), Trader Joes (awesome for some things), and now Patel Brothers within a square mile of WFM, and thereby decreasing my need to enter that amazing bastion of yuppiedom, I think my wallet may begin thanking me.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,12/28/2010,1214,553,6,5,6>Arepa, arepa!So, thanks to SaRea S, I finally visited El Arepazo!  And the arepa gets 5+ stars from me!  Just in case you're wondering what an Arepa is:  two delicious corn patties sandwiching in some meat (chicken, pork, or beef) and veggies.  Ay dios mio!  This is quite possibly the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.  I split this with another dining partner, and I inhaled my half in about 2 minutes.  It's that good.  Seriously.We also halved the lomo saltado.  This is NY strip steak, spanish fries, onions, rice, and fried plantains.  This was just okay.  The beef was a little tough, and the plantains were such a let-down.  I love plantains, and these were kinda blah.  They weren't freshly cooked, and some of them were not fully cooked.  If you're looking for a plantain comparison, I love the ones at Betty's; and these were not them.  Our other friends got empanadas and the grande bandeja paisa, and they loved them!  I personally sampled one of the empanadas with black beans and cheese, and it was amazing!  Oh, and the empanadas are made with cornmeal instead of flour - and I loved that.  I do need to write one warning for fellow cilantro-haters:  El Arepazo loves this vile weed.  They even have a special sauce dedicated to it.  The good news is they can easily prepare most anything without the satanic plant.  But if you love cilantro, you'll have a ball here.  In the end, I really love El Arepazo.  If they'll fix the plantains, then I'll give them 5 stars.  Damn, I guess I'll have to go back to do a quality audit.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,12/27/2010,65,147,3,4,7>I cannot possibly write this review without thanking Katalina's profusely for the wonderful sandwich platter that fed my entire family yesterday.I had gone to Cafe Corner a few times before and had immediately loved their sandwiches, ambiance, everything. I got a lovely, and not to mention healthy, turkey, goat cheese, and salad greens wrapped in a spinach wrap with a raspberry vinaigrette. To DIE. We got to eat it on their gorgeous patio on one for the first warm days of Spring. Ahhhh.Now for the catering story: I have a loud, picky, and all around amazingly lovely Jewish family from the East Coast. Yes, my Grandparents are the type who will send order after order of food back to a kitchen. Yes, my dad knows how to slice roast beef with a meat slicer after working in a Kosher deli for 7+ years. They know a good sandwich when they eat one, believe me.I call for catering. I was very specific (and probably drove them nuts! I'm so sorry). I need enough sandwiches for 10+ people for June 13th, the day of my graduation. I only wanted one sandwich with bacon (because only me and the boyfriend will probably eat that one) and most importantly KEEP THE FIGGEN' MEAT AWAY FROM THE CHEESE. It's an old kosher law, that for whatever reason has stuck with my family. You don't mix dairy and meat. Period.I go to pick them up yesterday right after the Graduation ceremony let out. Mind you this is after I had wanted them delivered and after I said I'd pick it up at 10am, now I'm picking up at 3pm. They were more than accommodating with this. The sandwiches came on a beautiful tray! Each type had little toothpicks with notes on them telling people what kind of sandwich it was! Then, the napkins and mustard and mayo jars all came in this adorable picnic basket. Let's just say that the presentation was some of the best I've EVER seen. It also came with a hand-written not thanking me for their business (!!!!!)The sandwiches were the best. My family oooed and awwwed of there creativity and presentation. Of course the most popular was the BLT, but all were eaten amongst many many compliments. Even my dad said "Whoever sliced this pastrami did a fantastic job!"Graduation party - total success. Need sandwiches for a party? This.Is.Your.Place.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,12/26/2010,27,135,3,7,4>I haven't the faintest inkling of a good excuse for why I have lived a 5 minute walk from Ray Ray's for a whole year and I only went there for the first time today. Every time I pass by, for some reason it's not meal time. Or, I've come from the Clintonville Farmers Market and I don't have time to get some pulled pork because we need to get the ground bison in the freezer.But today, after a crappy day at work, I said, I'm going to put on my shoes and walk over to Ray Ray's. There were about 5 people ahead of me in line but it took a good 15 minutes until I was waited on. Yet, the 15 minutes flew as the two cooks were chatting it up with the customers, making funny jokes and asking if we were frequenters or virgins. Well tonight, Ray Ray, you have taken my food cart BBQ V-card.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich (of course, because I ADORE pulled pork and had yet to find excellent pulled pork in Columbus), the slaw, and the beans. $7. I mean, how awesome is that?! The walk home to my apartment was one of the longest five minutes of my life, as I could smell the sweet thick BBQ sauce creep into my nostrils.I got home and opened it up quick, and took a big bite out of the Pulled Pork. It. Is. Pure. Wonderful. Sauce went flying, my hands were covered, and I was in bar-be-heaven. Then I opened up the beans, which were in the same sauce. Other worldly.My only disappointment was the cole slaw. The slaw was very cold and pretty bland. I have high demands for slaw though, as I prefer a a creamy, semi-sweet cole slaw. But nevertheless it was still GOOD slaw, it was just about as tasty as cole slaw from Cane's. I was just expecting with the godly pulled pork and beans that this would follow suit. As I took my final bite of the pulled pork, my green self did not care that the carry out box and the cups that once held beans and slaw were a non-recyclable styrofoam. I did not care that my hands reeked of BBQ sauce (I am still putting my fingers near my nose to smell it at the end of every paragraph). It was just that good.As much as I wish Ray Ray's had a full restaurant and big staff, and as much as I wish they were open more than four days a week, I feel like it would ruin the fun and atmosphere of it all. And come rain, come snow, come sleet, I will wait in line for your delicious pulled pork.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,12/24/2010,156,314,8,10,8>I've only been to Breakfast Barn once, but I have a fine nose for the Holy and I think I caught a whiff on my visit. There's something about quaint, unpretentious, kitschy breakfast diners that make them basically my favorite thing ever, and on all these counts Breakfast Barn is a shoe-in to compete in the tournament of champions.First, the place looks like the back-room diner off some roadside house in the woods of northern New England, like you're not quite sure the place is licensed to sell food but all the locals trust the place, so why not! There is nothing quite approaching decoration in the place, although there are plenty of "decorations", such as they are. There's a television that would look old hooked up to a SNES turned to daytime local programming. It's awe-inspiring. The food is the totality of the presentation here, then, and while it is certainly no fancy feast on a silver platter, it's damn tasty, rib-sticking, properly greasy breakfast food. My group couldn't stop talking about our food, well after we had gotten over boggle-eyeing all the strange artifacts in the place, not the least of which were the other patrons who filtered in and out. This place was one of my favorites of our late-summer, early-fall "A Diner Each Saturday" thing my friends and I were doing for awhile, for no reason at all besides a love for cholesterol and processed meats in the morning.Do yourself a favor and get out to the Breakfast Barn. In a corner of Columbus you might not believe exists, on a stretch of road that could be a photograph of 1989, there is breakfast salvation calling to your spirit. Answer the call, and be healed.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,12/23/2010,45,139,5,7,4>I love this place. I love the food. I love the atmosphere. I love the staff. I go here nearly once a week. I bring local friends here. I bring visiting friends here. Basically, this is the most consistently great restaurant I know of.I nearly always get a short stack of Blueberry Pancakes. They are, I assure you, the best pancakes I have ever had and certainly the best in Columbus. The owner tells me that it is the ancient grill that makes them truly special. If that is the case, then I would like to purchase said grill and keep it in my house so that I, and I alone, can enjoy them. Every once in a while I venture off my regular order and am pleasantly surprised by the results. I have tried the traditional breakfast here; 2 eggs, hashbrowns, ham, toast; and like everything else it was delicious. I really wrote this update to talk about the omelette that I had on my last visit. I got the Western Omelette but added hashbrowns to it. It changed what was a good omelette (I had tried it before) into an amazing one. It was the best omelette I have had in Columbus. Each ingredient was present in the flavor profile and each complimented the others perfectly. It wasn't overpowered by too much cheese or too much butter. Perfect, perfect, perfect. I went back the next day it was so good. But I got my pancakes.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,12/22/2010,309,391,6,10,10>A classy bar in MY Short North? It's more likely than you think!Mouton is just that, classy. It oozes class. And real class too, not that fake class that you might expect to find in a bar or lounge near the Arena District. There is nothing pretentious or off-putting about this establishment, Mouton is just sets a higher standard for "a night out".You don't need to be an ultra-hip, techno pumping, dark and seductive bar to be considered one of the best. Mouton's excellence comes from it's simplicity - the bare walls, high ceilings, unsuspecting wooden tables with white trim. The light fixtures are simple and elegant. Their purpose is to provide light without distraction. Which brings me to another distinction - this is not a dark cocktail bar. It remains well lit, with white walls and large windows that allow both patrons and pedestrians a chance to experience life on the other side of the glass. The real artistry of Mouton is their ability to provide a blank backdrop from which you can mold your own evening.But what about the food and drink? On the far wall you'll spot the drink "menu". Handwritten cocktail recipes on sketchbook paper are tacked onto the wall in a deceptive haphazard looking fashion. Around 12 or so classic cocktails are available running from $7-$12 a piece. There is no such thing as well liquor or top shelf liquor here - your cocktail is made with the liquor that Mouton thinks is most well suited. And that's good enough for me! The first thing I wanted to try was an Old Fashioned, something I've been wanting to try for months but never felt brave enough to order at other bars. The bartenders take their time making your drinks - they are not concerned with serving as many people as fast as possible. They are concerned with their miniature and drinkable works of art. Art? Yes. But unlike other bars where you might be working with a contemporary artist or an expressionist or a conceptual artist - at Mouton you are working with the classics. Realism or dare I saw Romanticism.The inclusion of cheese, meats and bread is a brilliant idea. The sampling of artisan cheeses ($18) was presented and explained to us - and the espresso and lavender rubbed cheddar marks a new milestone in food consumption for me.Like Melanie B. stated, the crowd ranged from a gaggle of girls dressed up for a night out to mom and dad wearing jorts (long jean shorts) and sandals with socks. That's the true beauty behind Mouton.I am not the kind of person who could afford a night at Mouton every weekend - but I enjoy the finer things in life. At other upscale restaurants and bars I might feel uncomfortable but at Mouton I felt like I could easily blend in. The bartenders (who were all gorgeous to look at) were patient, accommodating and precise. The owner was gracious and let us split our bill in a strange fashion without making us feel as if we were hassling him. I turned to Melanie B. and said "If that doesn't deserve 5 stars, than I don't know what does".My only minor gripe is with the noise level. Because the space was originally the OAL Gallery - the ceiling is quite high, leaving noise to bounce back down in a strange fashion. It wasn't until halfway through our trip to Mouton that I realized music was playing from somewhere. While the music level was perfect (soft), at times I felt it was hard to hear the people next to me. Perhaps white cloth material could drape from the ceiling, pillowing in shape. The ceiling would still look high but the fabric would absorb just the smallest amount of sound.Mouton, my love affair with you has just begun. I can't see you as often as I would like but know that I'm always thinking of you, and the next time we can meet.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,12/21/2010,598,616,19,11,8>Look at me, I'm totally one of those a-holes who has been to Circus zillions of times and never tried the pizza til Tony B. and No Reservations showed up there. Yup. I admit it. Lame. But anyway, my friend and I shuffled over to Circus around 7pm yesterday because I just *had to* try the pizza (jump on the yuppie bandwagon Mel, I know... gahhh so. against. all. my. ideologies...). And indeed there were hipsters and yuppies piled into Circus/Clever Crow, noshing down vegan pizzas (I can only assume theirs were vegan - way to stereotype, Mel). Notably, I have never been in Circus before twilight, so I was a bit... uneasy about the whole thing, even as I insisted on getting a pizza. It's kinda weird to be in a music venue in the daytime, imho. Anyway, Red (the bartender) asked me if I wanted to PRB tallboy right away - how very sweet. It's nice when you aren't a regular at a bar but you go there enough to have the bartenders know what you drink. I opted for a draft, and my friend and I ordered a half pepperoni pizza. At this point I will ask that you look at the picture I posted, because you're probably going to die and/or be extremely jealous and hungry when you see it. The crust is fantastic - by far my favourite pizza crust ever (cornmeal). The toppings were delicious too... sooooo savory and chunky and good. Granted, this is just a pepperoni pizza, but it had chunks of tomatoes on it as well, and was just... I'm not doing it justice, really... go try it! And feel free to gaze upon the picture/food porn I posted for as long as you want. Best pizza I've ever had, prolly - but I'm not really one for pizza, so... it REALLY rubbed me the right way. MEOW! Anyway, Circus's patio is awesome, esp. when no one is there, and we ate our pizza outside and enjoyed the early evening-ness of a perfect July night in central Ohizz. Clever Crow for the WIN! Oh yeah and, Tony B. - good call, but I still wanna punch you in the FACE for calling Cbus the land of strip malls and Applebees. Psssh.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,12/20/2010,283,220,13,14,11>Great Scott!! Ok really, I've just always wanted to say that and never had occasion. I'm really not even sure what it means, but Mac's is a Scottish pub so just roll with it and we'll all have some fun here.Never been to a Scottish pub? Wuhelllll, listen here, lassie! You're going to want to go very hungry cuz the Scots prefer their plates on the big and hearty side. The signature item, the Scotch egg, is hard-boiled and wrapped in sausage, deep-fried, and served with a tangy sauce that's sure to edge you into cardiac arrest. If old-fashioned cholesterol isn't your thing, they also make a mean fish & chips and a burger that rivals Thurman's in diameter. The daily specials are always noteworthy and often a traditional British somethingoranother. This is not the best place to go if you're health-conscious or vegetarian, but the salads are decent if you're worried about being stranded in a sea of carnivorous grease. Also keeping in true Scottish (and/or Irish) fashion, the beers are always flowing at Mac's. They have a great variety that changes seasonally and includes room-temperature Guinness for the die-hard beer snobs in your group. Being a pub it can get kinda loud, especially later into the evening, but after enough rounds of drinks who cares what your friends are saying anyway?
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,12/19/2010,67,288,5,8,7>Carfagna's get five stars based on their chicken alone.  Unlike regular grocery stores you can buy chicken strips here, already cut up, in any quantity you like.  They're less than at Meijer or Giant Eagle and they have seven or eight different marinades that they'll pour into the bag with them that make them heavenly when you cook them at home.They have breasts and half chickens too, always well below the price you'd pay elsewhere.  It's probably my best grocery find in all of Columbus.As for the rest of the store the wine selection is good, the cheeses are good and the pre-pattied hamburgers were a huge hit at our last cookout.  It can be a little expensive for some of the staples (vegetable oil for instance) but if you're getting your meat anywhere else in the city you're cheating yourself.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,12/18/2010,92,300,2,4,3>Go out of your way for these dogs! I saw a pita bakery around the corner from one of my jobs, and I was planning on trying it out, but then my GPS took me down a side street, and I'm glad it did! I saw this little hot dog shack. Kind of like one of those small town ice cream shacks, with a drive through and a few tables inside. I had yet to find a satisfying hot dog experience in Columbus since having an awesome one in that state up North, so I pulled in. Upon walking in, I immediately was taken back by the smell of deep fry oil, and I can still smell it in my clothes, so use the drive through or take it to go if you're going to be around people afterwards. I was so excited when I saw the menu! They have some spectacular selections, including a dog, wrapped with a tortilla, stuffed with peppers, monterey jack cheese,  and other goodies, and then deep fried and served with a spicy sour cream dipping sauce!! The owner and staff were very friendly and helpful in helping me pick out what to order. I opted for a classic cheese coney and a brat with kraut, some baked beans and slaw, and I got an unsweetened iced tea to drink. The tea came out first. It wasn't the worst tea I've ever had, but it was pretty weak and not well flavored, I won't be ordering it again. When the food came out, I looked it over and noticed the pre-shredded cheese on the coney, and kinda frowned inside, but then I took a bite.OH YEAH! That's what I like! A dense, well flavored dog, closer to a frankfurter, char grilled, with a perfect texture. The bun and chili were good, but man the dog is awesome! The brat was good as well, a basic, juicy, tender, mildly flavored brat on a toasted sesame bun, with kraut, and yes they have brown mustard! The slaw and beans were pretty good, but need a little tweaking as the beans were just a little too sweet, and a little too saucy, and the slaw was good and fresh, but just a little too creamy for my taste. But they do have funnel cake fries which I didn't try, but I know to be awesome. I need to go back, and I would suggest any serious dog lovers give it a try as well. I can't wait to try some of the other sausages, and the Chicago style dog!Update for 12-20-2010I had to come back for more, so I brought my friend, his girlfriend, and my son. We got lots of different dogs, as well as some fries, and some funnel cake fries. The Po Boy made with Polish sausage, french fries, cole slaw and barbecue sauce was so perfect, I think that I have to take back what I said about the slaw earlier, because it was made for this sandwich! The Chicago dog was great too, and you basically get the idea, but for a stickler, it might not be perfectly authentic enough for you, otherwise, it's worth a try!  My friend's GF liked her dog with beans on it as well, and she really liked the beans in their own right. My son liked his plain dog with ketchup, my friend loved his dog with fritos, chilli, cheese, and sour cream. I also decided to try one more before we left, so I ordered the border dog. I've got to be honest, I would love just dipping the fried flour tortilla in the sour cream sauce! The awesome dog and veggies inside are just icing on the cake. Both fries were great too, but man they really need better ventilation, 'cause I left smelling like I was deep fried again!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,12/17/2010,102,111,5,8,4>This is one of my favorite places to eat in Columbus.  It's nestled in the back of a liquor store, behind the ATM and through a door way, but don't be scared!  The seating is a bit cozy so make sure to be in a friendly mood.  The owner and his wife are always there ready to share stories, advice, and most importantly, FOOD.The pizzas are (and I swore I'd never use these phrases to describe food) hand-crafted artisan delicacies.  You choose from any of the cutely named  sets on the menu, or you can build your own.  The ingredients change a bit each day--one pizza's toppings list includes "...anything green we can find" -- and each pizza is baked in a brick oven (ask about the firewood).  Like other reviewers said, each pizza is $10 AND WORTH EVERY SINGLE CENT.  I have never had anything there I didn't love.Don't fill up just on pizza, though!  Be sure to save room for dessert:  crepes.  Ooey, gooey, deliciousness.  Specifically, the nutella, berry, chocolate crepe--Heaven on a plate!If you are looking for a different sort of dining experience and still want to walk away happy, go here.  Now.  And hope you get a pizza with lots of bubbles...they're lucky!
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,12/16/2010,61,59,3,6,5>I have lived in :) Clintonville :) for 16 years and CCM embodies all things Clintonville! CCM is a gentle melange of all things happy and healthy and hippy and... Everything from the music they play, (George Jones, yesterday) to the warm scents that greet you on a cold winters eve, spice and patchouli. I feel all warm and fuzzy just contemplating a trip to our venerable little hole in the wall co-op. Ok, all that aside, the co-op has everything from lapsang souchong tea (holy mother, I love that tea, the scent is leather and hickory) to any bulk spice and herb your imagination can conjure. You can find herbal remedies that I swear by, (I've studied medicinal herbs for 25 years) and tofu and tempeh and capsaisin spiced drinks to start the endorphins flowing and local produce and and and. Take a moment to drop by this nurturing little gem right around the corner from me for all the spicy herbal goodness you can stand, and say hey to the folks that work there. You won't be disappointed, I promise.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,12/15/2010,78,138,4,6,4>Super thumbs up for Mr Sushi.It's a funny little place.  There aren't many tables, it's a little shady, but welcoming at the same time.  Their lunch specials are a good value, you get some miso water and a small salad in addition to your entree.  If you're not in to sushi, I have to reccomend the Teriyaki hibachi dishes they have.  They are gimongous, and really delicious.  Teriyaki Salmon is a pretty decent size of delicious salmon with rice, and stir fry vegetables.  I sampled the Sunday Morning roll (salmon, cream cheese, tempura fried).  It was wacky.  But it WORKED!The tuna roll was standard, but really good too.Give it a shot.  It's worth a try, I promise!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,12/14/2010,26,34,5,9,4>I get my wig busted across the street from Sugardaddy's every 4 weeks and always stop in to buy a dozen brownies.I share these fantastic creations with my work peeps....every brownie gets cut into 8 lil pie slices and shark-frenzy-like sampling ensues.Results:EVERYONE LOVES THESE THINGS!! Jesus in the Garden!!! Faves (again: 8-10 people sampling...so a good rep group)1) Tahiti Blonde - Coconut, cashews, dates...awww sheeeeeeit!2) Black Cherry/Almond Blonde (always sell out. go early)3) Peanut Butter/Strawberry Blonde (tastes like a PBJ ...only better)4) Chocolate/Caramel5) Chocolate StrwberryNow, I have another personal fave (Chai Tea/Pistachio) and others (chicks, man) love the chocolate/Peanut Butter w/roasted peanuts but the above 5 are the standouts that you brownie noobs should cut your baby teeth with.These things ain't cheap BTW...but so rich they go a looooong way
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,12/13/2010,38,155,1,5,3>My running partner and I were getting ready to run our first marathon and she got this great idea to make customized shirts. Her usual contacts for screen printing were going to charge us an arm and a leg to print a one-off design. We were about to give up when I discovered this place.You have the choice of a lot of different types of shirts - we picked the "athletic tee" which was a polyester/cotton/rayon blend. It was one of the more expensive, but I think it only came up to $27 with the printing and taxes. Positives:We didn't have to pay more because we were just doing one. Flat printing price regardless of how many pictures and text you put on it; front, back or both. Turn around time was less than 24hrs on our order. We went into the store because we wanted to feel the shirts before we bought them. They let us try them on too, and do a 'test run' through the store in them to see how they felt while running =). The people are all super friendly and answered all of our questions.The reason I can't give them five stars (and really debated if I should even give them four) is they aren't super professional. It feels a little like your buddy is running it out of his basement. Our two shirts were not printed consistently. In terms of how to color showed up, the size the graphics came out, and the positioning of the graphics on the shirt. They also made a mistake on my friend's and she had to get it reprinted twice. The good news is they were more than happy to redo it free of charge and the turn around time was really fast.The other downside is you can't print white. And light colors printed on dark colored shirts don't show up well. This has to do with the kind of printing process they use. But they explained this upfront to us.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,12/12/2010,182,928,4,9,6>I just got my car back from Able and it runs like new.  They replaced the two front axles.  I don't know why I never thought to review this business because they've been working on my cars for a long time.  But the best thing that I can say is they're honest.  And if you're in the north end, as I am, you can count on getting a ride home while they're working.  The business is a little dirty but overlook that and count on the fact that you've found some good mechanics.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,12/11/2010,121,124,3,6,4>I had my hair cut yesterday at Virtue for the first time, recommended to me by an acquaintance. Sarah was talkative, professional, and asked for my opinion throughout the haircut to make sure I was happy with how it turned out. Considering I made a minor change--some bangs--I was pretty pleased by this.I really like Virtue for the following reasons:- It's close to where I live in Clintonville- The products used as all-natural and do not test on animals- The hours are flexible; Virtue is closed for the lunch hour but has morning and evening appointments- The staff is really friendly and helpful- Bang trims are freeI'm pretty sure I'll be back to Virtue again. Plus, as an added bonus, if you're a new client, your first haircut is $10. Win!
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,12/10/2010,148,158,2,2,2>Wow! This place is really great! If you want to get  unique items for very reasonable prices (considering they were handcrafted on some level), then you should head down to Wholly Craft! The service is great, the selection is pretty great, and it just feels so right to go there. It's like an Etsy that you can see true colors, feel materials, understand construction. Wonderful, wonderful store! I'm so glad it's so close.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,12/9/2010,15,42,3,4,4>How is a burger this good in a mall? Flip Spot makes what is pretty much the platonic ideal of a griddled, thin-patty burger (a la McDs, Sonic, Steak n Shake, etc), but with crazy good (and fresh) ingredients. I'm not even really a secret sauce fan, but, geez, their house spread is killer. You can actually taste the dill in the pickles. The beef is meaty and obviously fresh. The cheese is melted to the perfect 50-50 solid-gooey consistency. Also, their Cajun fries are awesome, and the vanilla shake is creamy and awesome! Also, prices are pretty darn good, considering it is in a mall food court and all.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,12/8/2010,94,39,,4,2>Great place to shop. Has a wide selection of feta cheeses and olives. Every time I go in the staff is super friendly and is always willing to let you sample anything in their bulk cases. I even went in the other day, I had to wait a while because the guy working there was assisting another customer in the back. All I needed was a tomato, and he just GAVE it to me because I had to wait. I am thrilled!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,12/7/2010,32,28,1,6,3>I'm in love with Premier at Sawmill.  On the tour I got before I joined, the staff member told me they had been around since the 70s, but they gutted the place in the last five or ten years.  It is absolutely gorgeous.  It's very clean, modern, open, bright, and welcoming with a really cool split-level layout.  One of the staff members knew me by name the second time I went to workout.  She also knew that I was coming in for the classes and handed me a pass before I even asked.The classes have to be one of my favorite aspects of being a member at Premier.  They are included free in your membership (which has never been the case at other gyms to which I have belonged) and there are a TON of them to choose from.  Classes include dance, aerobics, weight training, spin (cycling), yoga, pilates, and water aerobics.  They have a pretty decent schedule of classes including really early morning (5:00am) going to pretty late in the afternoon/evening (8:00pm).  After the classes, my next favorite part is the machines.  I'm all about the elliptical trainers which have personal televisions attached.  Since we don't have cable at home, I go to Premier to get my HGTV fix :). Sometimes I don't even remember I'm working out because I can distract myself with home makeover shows.  Beyond the aerobic machines, the weight machines are awesome.  They have a main room with some machines (though they have moved them all out now) and a second smaller room that is the main weight room (and then a third one past that for free weights).  There are only one or two of each weight machine, but there are so many different ones that I have never had a problem getting right on the one I wanted.  Some other features of Premier are their five swimming pools (one indoor open all year), locker rooms (which are beautiful and clean and good-smelling), jacuzzis in the locker rooms (though I wish they had a co-ed one so I could go in with my bf), five racquetball courts with balls and rackets to use for free, and a half basketball court.  I don't have children, but I often use the ellipticals near the older kids room (they look like 5-10 year olds) and it looks super fun in there!  They have toys and games and TVs and a Wii.  I also see the younger kids' parade sometimes and they always look like they are having a fun time.  I would bring my kids here if I had any.Premier pushes a very family-friendly environment.  They have pools and a water slide just for kids, they offer swim lessons from babies to adults, and they have a LOT of parties that are free for members.  These parties include pool parties, bands, movie nights, and bbqs.  We've yet to attend one, but their pictures on Facebook always look fun.  Oh yeah... Premier has a Facebook.  It's actually really nice to be "friends" with them because they are always posting special hours for holidays, events going on, etc.I actually have a free membership at Premier because of the apartment complex I live in (which was one of the deciding factors for moving here), but if/when I move out, I will continue at Premier with a paid membership.  It's just too good!!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,12/6/2010,125,65,4,5,3>Cazuela's is one of my favorite Mexican food places in Columbus, and definitely the best within 5 minutes of my North Campus house. I have tried several things there and loved them all: fajitas, burritos, chimichangas, quesadillas, and the PUERTO VALLARTA which I really recommend!! The Puerto Vallarta is a wonderful dish with shrimp, tilapia, and other assorted yummies, with melted cheese on top. Their margaritas are also really good.Oh, and if you want a free burrito, just finish their Mucho Macho burrito (basically filled with meat and salsa/hot sauce, and covered in hot sauce). If you eat the whole thing, it's free! They have lists of people's names on the wall who have finished it. A tip: get something on the side to cool the heat, like a cheese dip or sour cream or something.Regarding the service times other people have mentioned, it was really slow one time when we arrived within 30 minutes of close and they were busy cleaning up and putting things away (I imagine...) but aside from that, I have never had a problem with slow service or anything. I have been at many different times, too - sometimes busy, sometimes crowded - but if they had slow service before, they've definitely gotten some more help since.By the way, I'm from San Diego, so I have somewhat discriminating taste when it comes to these places, and I'm also living on a grad student budget so I can't go out to eat much. Still, I go to Cazuela's at least every 2 weeks - I think that really says something. Try it!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,12/5/2010,59,193,,3,3>Perfect latte. Nice and sweet without any sugar or syrups added, just like it should be. Good foam, nice touch of artwork in the foam. they use snowville creamery milk, which is delicious.the barista was definitely passionate about coffee, something that I haven't found at other coffee shops in C-bus; most baristas here see it as a gig to make money instead of a trade worth putting effort into.the brewed coffee was decent, but not super fresh. It was during the saturday rush, so I understand the need to have pre-brewed coffee to keep up with customers, but the brew does suffer a bit.I noticed that their pumpkin lattes actually use real pureed pumpkin. yummy! pumpkin lattes aren't really my thing, but I do like the use of natural ingredients instead of magical chemical pumpkin perfume flavor.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,12/4/2010,4,14,2,3,1>My husband and I ventured to Tucci's on one child-free, winter night to hang out with friends from his work. At first glance, the restaurant seems small, or maybe it seemed that way since it was completely packed with people....on a weeknight. I quickly took a mental note of the large outdoor patio that looks like it would make for a nice outing for a Summer night. Overall the atmosphere is great - dark and relaxing - and romantic if the occasion commands. However, for someone like me who hardly gets away from the demands of a child going through the terrible twos - this is what I would call a "grownup night on the town." Especially after seeing the martini menu. I'm not much for fruity or strong drinks - much more of a beer girl... And then I was introduced to the "Flirtini" - a pink little glass of girlie heaven...after about five of these reasonable priced martinis...I was feeling pretty good and ready for dinner. Not being extremely hungry, I had ordered the Beef Carpaccio and small salad - all which were beautifully presented and very delicious. To end the night - of course I had to try the ultimate chocolate martini - which was awesome! Side Note: We dined with about 14 people from my husband's work, so I would recommend this establishment for small office dinners. *One of our friends is a highly reputable culinary expert and was very impressed with the wine list. *Parking was an issue - not sure if that is a regular issue or just because of another event that night.*The bar can get somewhat loud if dining later in the evening.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,12/3/2010,60,17,,4,4>My lady and I went here to get some lunch before heading to Zoombezi Bay and I was especially glad when I saw several trays of fried chicken tenders and french fries at the water park. We split a ham and turkey sandwich and a salmon and goat cheese sandwich. The salmon was my favorite of the two and the croissant bread was soft and flavorful. Both sandwiches were served with veggie chips. At the register they had day old pastries on sale for 50 cents. The cafe is very clean and has a nice ambiance. The pastries on display looked fantastic so I'm sure we'll be making return visits when we're in the area in the future.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,12/2/2010,86,139,3,11,6>Great place! Got new tires, tire tubes, and learned to fix my own bike (priceless). They have a huge number of tools (hardware...) here and always have spare parts for you. Paid only $15 for 2 tires and tubes, so not at all expensive. Before I heard about Third Hand, I was quoted something like $35 for replacing the tires at other bike stores!I've gone on two different occasions - once on Wednesday and once on Saturday. I definitely recommend going Wednesday because they were PACKED on Saturday. You won't get as much attention if you go on Saturday if you're a little apprehensive about fixing your own bike.GO!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,12/1/2010,36,139,,5,2>They definitely have the freshest selection of fish in Columbus, second would be Whole Foods. Great quality does come with a hefty price. I think i once spent 15 dollars for a fillet of seabass, but the fish was awesome.I'm also a big fan of their scallop, it's huge, literally one scallop is as big as a bar of soap? (i'm just exaggerating) But they are the biggest scallop i've seen.I've also tried the lobster roll, it wasn't that good. The crabcakes are also very expensive, 5 dollars for the claw and 10 dollars of the lump (each).
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,11/30/2010,1,26,4,5,2>Without a doubt one of my favorite places to eat in Columbus.  Some people will knock it for its "corporate" feel, but let's be honest it's smack dab in the middle of Easton.Inside the restaurant is very easy on the eyes.  They have a great bar as well.  The good:  The food is excellent.  The tuna tartar app is one of the best in the city.  They have great shellfish and obviously the usual suspects iike beef carpaccio are delicious.The bone-in steaks are exquisite and if you're really feeling frisky the lobster is also delicious.  They serve it with these cool butter warmers.I've been here at least 25 times and have had a great meal over 95% of the time.Also I would say the service is excellent.  While I usually sit at the bar (which should always have great service) they are very attentive.  One thing I really like is if you are at the bar and then move to a table they will let you transfer your tab over (the servers don't bicker over tips).The only bad things are the slack dress code policy (seriously, it's embarrassing, but sadly that is how a lot of people dress these days).  And the guy playing the piano is WAY too loud and awful.  Forget about having any semblance of a conversation if you're within 50 feet of this clown.Overall I would recommend Ocean Club to anyone visiting Columbus, or looking for a special occasion type dinner.If you do it right, you can actually sit at the bar, order some apps and split an entree and a few glasses of wine and get out for $100.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,11/29/2010,42,76,3,4,3>Im a big fan of wines, so I wanted to check out the wine flights that the Wine Guy presents. There are eight different choices of flights, which include four varied 3 ounce glasses. I chose the International flight, while the boy chose the Sweet flight. Other choices include the Italian reds, Spanish Reds, and a Chardonnay flight. The boy loved all of his, and we're even ordering two of our favorites. I liked all but one of mine... it said it had "leather notes" in it.... and smelled strongly like a cowboy... to each his own I suppose!We split a plate of lamb chop lollypops to munch on. The meat was tender, but the brown sauce held all the flavors in the dish. Its nothing to shake a stick at, but I think Lavash has them beat at lamb. I'll definitely be back for another relaxed evening.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,11/28/2010,34,61,,6,3>Inexpensive breakfast at a cute location?  I'm definitely a fan.  I have eaten breakfast here twice and both times been really happy with the food and service.It's a really small eating area (although I think they just opened up the whole second floor with a buffet at breakfast). It's laid out with booths, tables, and a countertop eating area. They also have an outside patio area overlooking the creek which would be awesome in warn weather.The standard breakfast of 2 eggs, potatoes, bread, and choice of meat is like $4.50. Cheap. The service is quick and friendly.  The place has been packed both times I've gone and I can see why.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,11/27/2010,5,13,,7,4>I have gotten all five of my piercings done at piercology, and I would never go anywhere else! It has an extremely clean, professional environment, and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. I have never experienced anything bad here and all my piercings were done well and healed with no problem. They were even considerate enough to ask if I would prefer to have a female piercer when having a piercing that required me to remove my shirt and bra!All in all, piercology is the only place I reccomend and the only place to go
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,11/24/2010,56,78,,7,3>I don't know why no one has thought of this before? A place to mix and match different scented oils to create your very own personalized candle?! It's a genius idea! And with 120 scents for you to experiment with, The Candle Lab will have your head spinning!The Candle Lab is perfect for gifts. Guys can really impress their moms or wives or girlfriends by walking in and throwing together a couple of scents. It adds the perfect personal touch. And girls can do the same for guys...everyone likes things to smell good! You can go the flowery route (lavender, sunflower, magnolia, etc.), sugary-desserty route (graham cracker, marshmallow, whipped cream, etc.), fruity route (yuzu, fig, grapefruit, etc.), spicy route (rosemary, basil, clove, etc.) or the bizarre route (cannibis, campfire, tomato leaf). After picking your candle shape/size, you pick up to three oils for a candle, and divvy up each one at the "lab" for however intense you want each scent to be. Then, you stir it together and the clerk will take it from there. It will be heated, which takes about an hour to an hour and a half. You can also bring in empty glass bowls/dishes/vases/jars to use and they will charge you by the ounce (great added feature). While waiting, you make the label for the candle as well. They have a collection of crayons, markers and art supplies to get creative with. If you're candle isn't done by then, you can leave and explore Grandview a bit before coming back.I got two candles (rosemary, orange zest and yuzu; pine needle, clove and wild currant) and I plan to make some more for Christmas gifts.While there is a $10 lifetime membership fee, the $10 fee does have a few perks! If you want to just come in and buy a candle (not make a candle), they are normally $15. As a member, they are $11. There seems to be a couple of perks along these lines.The only two thing that I would suggest for the Candle Lab is for there to be color candles. The candles are all white. You'd think you'd be able to add dye to choose what color you want the wax?Other than that, GREAT staff, GREAT concept, GREAT scents, and GREAT fun!PS: 20% off if you have a SBB Card!
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,11/21/2010,51,82,5,6,6>So this is what happens to me at every Thai restaurant that I go to.Me: Hmm what should I order.Friend/Date: What do you usually get?Me: Chicken Pad ThaiFriend/Date: Get that thenMe: I feel like expanding though(Spend the next ten minutes looking over every item on the menu)Waitress: What will you two be havingFriend/Date: Orders something Me: Damn it....Chicken Pad ThaiIt never fails, I know I should expand on the menu but I love Pad Thai it's climbing the ranks as my favorite food and Nida's does not disappoint. I wish I would have gotten it a little spicier but didn't want to be blown away so next time I know to get more of a medium/hot instead of mild/medium. I enjoyed everything about Nida's from the decor to the service. I was surprised with how busy they were on a Thursday night around 8 but even though we were sat close to two other couples it didn't distract from having a great conversation with my date. The server was not over bearing but still attentive and never let our waters stay empty for too long.Food came out quickly even with the business and everything was hot and tasty. Can't ask for more than that. While I'm sure there is better Thai in town this is a great place for a date or for a nice dinner out with friends. Nida's expect to be seeing me a lot!
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/20/2010,135,164,3,4,4>After being introduced to Banh Mis in Boston's Chinatown, I was determined to find a decent one in Columbus when I moved back to my hometown.  I was pretty disappointed with my local Vietnamese joints so I turned to Yelp and found this restaurant.  Thank you Yelp.  I love you.The Banh Mi at this place is amazing.  It's a perfect blend of savory, sweet, salty, spicy, and crunchy.  Each sandwich features pate, cilantro, pickled carrots and cucumber, jalapenos, and pork on crunchy french bread.  The Pho is purty fantastic as well.  The staff is friendly and once even accomodated a vegetarian friend of mine who wanted a Banh Mi.  They subbed butter for the pate and piled the veggies high.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/2/2010,11/19/2010,7,29,,5,1>I went to Gallo's a couple of weekends ago for a friend's birthday.  We got there around 8:30 and the place was packed.  We had a large party and when we asked how long it would be until we were seated we were told 2 hours!  I must say that initial comment and the attitude of the greeter sort of turned us off, but then we were told shortly thereafter that it would be 45 minutes so we decided to wait.  It ended up being a little over an hour in the end.  We waited at the bar in the meantime and I ordered a cocktail from their specialty drink list.  I can't remember what it was called but it was not good.  For dinner I ordered the shrimp po-boy and it was quite delicious as was the wine that I ordered with dinner.  The cajun crawfish appetizer that we ordered was mouthwatering.  The others that I dined with seemed to be pleased with their food as well, although our waitress forgot to put in one person's order and didn't realize it until everyone elses meals came out and then learned that the dish that he had originally ordered had sold out, so that was quite disappointing although she did offer to buy him a drink on her.  I know this place is new so hopefully they will work out the kinks with the service issues.  Bottom line is that the food was quite good, prices were a tad overpriced but not outrageous, and the bar was huge and very trendy.  Oh, and this place is nothing like Gallo's on Bethel -- much trendier; not a sports bar.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,11/18/2010,172,99,3,9,6>African Paradise has always been a great dining experience.My boyfriend said that he wanted to try something new and some how I remembered how good this restaurant was and thought he would like it.It is located right next to the Somali community hang out so it is easy access for them to grab a bight to eat.  The staff was warm and welcoming upon entering and asked us to take a seat where ever we would like.  The decore is decorated with African trinkets and it doesn't feel like you are in Columbus.  Our server gave us drink options and also suggested the vegetable soup.  We decided on the mango juice.  He brought out a pitcher for our to share.  When ordering our server couldn't have been nicer, was welcome to all questions and was truly wanting us to have a great dining experience.  As for our entree, we decided on the chicken kalankal.  It is chicken with onions and carrots cooked with spices.  It was great!  It also came with a little salad and a huge mound of wonderfully flavored rice.  We shared and also got two orders of jabati.  Jabati is the Somalian bread.  It is almost like naan, but not as fluffy and more flaky.  When ordering our server asked if we wanted the spicy sauce or the mild.  We chose one of each.  This was something I was not offered before when ordering the jabati in the past.  The spicy sauce was not overpoweringly hot and had a hint of curry flavor.  The mild sauce was also good, except I didn't know meat was in it, so if you don't eat red meat, order the hot sauce.  Over all the meal was great.  My boyfriend said that next time he is going to eat with his hands like the Somali diners and was glad we went there for dinner.  It was plenty of food to share and it only cost $12!!If you are looking for a new experience, this is the place to go!!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,11/17/2010,20,52,3,4,3>I should have written a review like months ago, but I'm just finally getting around to it. Da Levee is right on High Street where Planet Smoothie used to be, next to Axis and across the Street from Torso and Undone. It seems kind of a strange place when you first walk in with glittery purple floors. The music is either classic or groovy. I like the classics because they're songs I can foxtrot and quickstep to on my way to and from the soda fountain...or in my seat...alone...awkwardly...I first came here with my ex-boyfriend who stumbled upon it on his way to Phillip Conney Island. Then, I brought my friend, and he brought another friend. Then one time, together we brought another friend. So hopefully more and more people know about this place. You should bring your friends too.Anyways, the chalkboard has the menu that changes daily, and I usually stand there with a stupid expression as I read through it. Even though I eat there a shit ton, I'm not very adventurous so I usually get the same few dishes: Chili Cheese Etouffee with Crawfish (I've never had a problem with the amount of crawfish, perfect, neither too much nor too little), Spinach and Mushroom Etouffee, B&B (black beans and caramelized corn), Cajun Red Chili, and the Succotash. I recently tried the Maque Choux, which I don't know how to pronounce so I  point at it and say "the third one down." I always get the half and half ($7, half of two items). If you're hesitant about the fact that the menu changes daily, the menu is posted on facebook. Personally, walking into a restaurant with no idea what I'm going to get is pretty adventurous for me. By the time I get my drink and sit down, the food is on my table, less than 5 minutes, and some pretty fantastic ticket times. Remember, Da Levee is cash only. Yes, the food is served with styrofoam plates and cups, but, it makes total sense for the type of service. If there's one person ringing you up, getting your food, and serving you, would he or she have time to also empty a bus tub and wash the dishes? How would YOU feel if you were running a restaurant by yourself? For the size of the restaurant and the style of service, it's completely logical. Either way, to throw in with all the other reviews, this is my favorite restaurant in Columbus. The service is wonderful. The artwork on display is super interesting. Even though I ate here everyday for a week straight, I still see something interesting in it, the "Cascading Icons" piece. I love sitting in the window and people watching, seeing the little doggies at Torso jump up and look out the window, and just relaxing. There's enough variety in the menu that I can eat here everyday, and I don't have to eat the same thing twice. Really, it's the perfect Sara Fan place to go except for the fact that I'm sort of embarrassed that I eat here so often, but I'm proclaiming it here on the internet, so now the whole world knows.When my mom comes to town, when I move into a nicer apartment, I'm taking her here because she will love it. Yeah, there aren't white tablecloths nor fine china, but the quality of the food is the most impressive. That's what really matters.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,11/16/2010,185,387,4,8,6>Eeeeheeeheee! This place is super-cute. The vibe is definitely European-- French decor with English traditions. The "specials" board was crammed full of offerings. I like a place with a rotating menu and the promise of unique and fleeting experiences each day. My tea-mate got the sticky toffee pudding. Oh. Em. Gee. It was amazing (she let me have a few bites... which, given the flavor, was incredibly generous of her). The flavor of the toffee had this layer of warmth to it that I cannot describe in words. Toffee-type desserts are not usually my thing, and I wouldn't have ordered it on my own. Now I'm intrigued at the goodness.  I'm afraid to order it anywhere else, lest I be let down. But perhaps I've just been depriving myself of this joy my whole life and I just didn't know any better. Wait, I'd better clean up this drool that is running down my chin. And I don't even like desserts!Okay. So anyway... I got the scones and clotted cream with preserves. The scones were really good! Not too sweet, just the way I like them. They're not as good as Caroline C.'s scones, but they're the best restaurant scones I've ever had, at least. My only gripe is that they didn't serve enough clotted cream. I like a big dollop on every bite. This isn't WWII, I think I could have had a little more cream.I really want to come back for brunch or lunch. We'd already had lunch so we were focused on tea and "just desserts."As for tea: the list doesn't try to encompass the globe (a la Zen Cha), and stays mostly European in flavor. The tea menu is extensive enough to offer a wide variety but small enough to be manageable. I noticed the menu promised the most accurate and optimal brewing times. I expected the teapots to come out with a timer, but they do all the brewing in the back and then bring it out to you when it is ready. I kind of appreciated this touch... no waiting and work on my part.I had the autumnal cranberry tea (not on the menu), and my friend got the white vanilla and pink grapefruit. We vowed to share our pots. Both were delish. The grapefruit tea was really great-- I guess I wasn't sure what I was expecting but the flavor was very pleasant indeed. The cranberry tea was rich and spicy-- so the two teas played off one another nicely.Other sippers seemed to be given little tea cozies for their pots. We didn't get them... not sure why, but it would have been nice. The other great thing about this tea house is observing the clientele. There were little girls in tiaras for their "princess tea party," old ladies, and "the Real Housewives of Upper Arlington and Grandview Heights." Haha, what a riot! Not a male in sight.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,11/15/2010,16,65,2,2,3>What can be said about this Bexley institution? The place literally hasn't changed in 50 years. The pizza is thin and delicious. Crispy crust and always cooked to perfection. The pizza is made with provolone cheese instead of mozzarella. They like to go light on the cheese,  i personally recommend getting double cheese. I'd like to write more, but this place is just such a gem. Hound dogs no, Rotolos no, Donatos uh uh. If you want thin pizza in columbus, its Rubinos. No other options.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2010,11/14/2010,114,521,,6,4>After the meetup at Cafe Kabul, I went back again to see if I was right about my experience.I'm happy to say that I was!As others have mentioned, there really isn't much dining space here - it's a converted Dairy Queen, and the original DQ wasn't what you'd call big. A lot of the afghan dishes are presented without much explanation - you'll want to ask questions when you order if you're not familiar with Afghan cuisine. (I certainly wasn't!)If you order appetizers or a dinner portion, you'll be served a basket of their Afghan Bread - think pita bread shape / size, but with a foccacia texture. It was quite good with the hummus, or to scoop up servings of the Buranee Bonjon - a "side dish" / appetizer of sliced roasted eggplant, a thick tomato sauce, and some tangy yogurt. (As to the hummus, it's good and decently spiced, but I disagree that they're the best in town. I think Pita Hut over on High St. still wins that battle.)The bread basket is $3 if you'd like to try it without ordering a meal or for an extra portion to go, but if you eat in, refills are free.All of the dinners and main courses come with saffron rice and a mild tomato sauce, lighter and a bit thinner than the sauce from the bonjon, which is supposed to be poured over the rice. If you're not looking to carb up, you can easily eat half (or even less) of the rice portion and still feel satisfied.The main dinner offerings split into two camps: The "pallow" style dishes (lamb is standard on the menu as "kabuli pallow", but both times I went in they had a chicken version as the special) or kebabs. The pallow style mixes your meat with raisins, some gently sweet spices, and strips of sauteed carrot that are just this side of being caramelized. The kebabs, on the other hand, are pretty much presented with the meat as is alongside of your rice, and with a yogurt dipping sauce for the meat. The kebabs aren't bad, per se, but I found them fairly plain compared to the more complex flavors in the pallow.I also tried their sauteed okra side on my second trip - the okra was fresh and well seasoned, without the sliminess that can sometimes occur when preparing them. A nice option to round out your meal.I think I agree that it's not "drive across town" good, but it's certainly "I'm around the area and want something different for dinner" good. It would also help if they had a bit more variety in the menu, but hopefully that'll come with time.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,11/13/2010,55,358,,7,2>The number of choices here is rather overwhelming: you almost have to bring a notepad and jot down the ones that most pique your interest. I only tried a few chocolates so far on my first visit. Prices range around 50 cents to $5 each and I went with the absinthe truffle, hazelnut filled dark chocolate with crispy rice, and a milk chocolate smores crunch. The absinthe was nice and I  wouldn't have minded a little more oomph, the hazelnut truffle was filling and the crunch was a nice touch, and the smores was satisfyingly simple and just a fraction of the price of the others (45 cents vs. $1.75). I'm more of a pastry guy when it comes to desserts, but the fact that I pass by here often means I'll be popping in to try the more adventurous flavors here and there.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,11/12/2010,14,34,5,5,3>I don't know why anybody could ever possibly give this place any less than five stars - clearly they are trying to convince themselves that their frozen weightwatchers fare tastes delicious by denigrating the wonderfully sugary, chocolatey, drizzled with the sweet nectar of the gods goodness that is defined by the amazing array of donuts that I and my two friends were given the good fortune of sampling tonight. If you are used to the usual fare offered by Tim Horton's...  try this place.  It'll redefine the standards by which you measure all of those other poor, inferior donuts.Actually, don't.  Please, for the love of God - if you value your waistline... forget that you know this place exists.  My blood sugar spikes just looking at the displays.Stay skinny.  For my sake.  Because I'll be busy stopping back again, chowing down more donuts.  mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,11/11/2010,52,33,1,4,7>Um, I think I've overstayed my welcome, but will be back soon.My husband & I wear out restaurants like a favorite pair of shoes...When we made our move to the inner-suburbs, we became regulars at Starliner. But it's been awhile so now I can reminisce & reflect on the best & worst.Best (& best bang for your buck): -Huevos Rancheros: 2 eggs any style, corn tortillas stuffed with jack cheese and cilantro, smothered with spicy ranchero sauce & served with home fries or black beans for $8.50 -Mexican Chorizo Omelette: Chorizo, peppers, onion, garlic, jack cheese, cilantro for $8.75The Chorizo Burritto is a nice substitute for the omelette if you go that route. Chiles Rellenos: Serving size 2, is hearty & taste-bud kickin'. The Sweet Potato & Corn Tamales are oh so good. But my favorite by far is the Plantain Appetizer With "Ranch Dressing" or so they say...The dressing is a yogurty-sweet salsa with a spectacularly-spicy-hot-kick. If you have an intolerable sweet tooth, the Cuban French Toast(s) are just deep fried nuggets of joy. The Jalepeno Cornbread & homemade Cuban Toast are staples. And if you can even prononce it, their Special: "Mouchacca" (spelling?). Ask your server about the dish. My husband swears by it. Worst:Avoid the typical Saturday 11am/11:30am brunch crowd & the Sunday post-church crowd & you will avoid headaches in an overcrowded 'waiting' room & long lines.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,11/10/2010,41,32,6,2,5>Brunch is nothing but double rainbow goodness.Everything from the drink menu that has Gimlets  and Sidecars on it, to Sunday brunch with food you wish you could have sex with, Sage is my go to place to be floored.When I think of pure, clean, quality food and ingredients, prepared by very qualified staff I think of Sage.The service was a bit slow, but to be frank, BFD.   This is not Bob Evans people.   This is a fine dining experience.   The food is getting cooked in the back for you.   Its not getting dumped out of a bag and flash cooked.When I eat at other places, I think of Sage and if it is better or worse.   Sage is my baseline for all others.Prices are approaching the high side, so don't go here and expect to get away with 50 bucks, but on the flip side, you wont care you spent 80 bucks because it was so stinking good.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,11/9/2010,95,91,2,3,3>This place was pretty good. I had the spaghetti with one meatball for lunch. It was pretty awesome. Extremely fresh. I am not sure if they made the spaghetti fresh or not. But it tasted like it. Although at lunch time they only had one waitress when I went there and it made for a long wait when I was trying to Order my meal. Luckily I had nothing else to do. I had dessert there and had the canoli. Oh it was good but they might not have it due to the fact that the owner makes it and she makes a different dessert everyday which is freaking cool. :)Love the fact the old dude who owns it comes out and greets and talks to you.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,11/8/2010,370,523,4,7,5>This would have been a 5 star review had I eaten in and experienced their service, but since I got carry out, I'm giving Aab as good as it can get. I have been wanting Indian food for over a month now since I had had some at a party catered by Bay Leaf. Aab is the closest and only Indian place near my workplace in Grandview so, through Yelp and proximity I went for it. I called at 5:15 and they said it'd be 15 minutes, but when I got there in 10 and I was graciously greeted at the door, they had it ready and waiting. Love that! I was very happy with my food from Aab. The prices were on par with other Indian restaurants. Definitely not cheap, but deserving of the price due to the cost of ingredients in Indian cuisine and the good sized portions. I ordered the special tikka chicken masala, the chicken vindaloo, and the mateer paneer, along with nan. They provided me with more than enough rice, which is something I was worried about. I think the nan was a little pricey for what you get, but I find it a necessary evil when eating Indian. The chicken masal was my favorite, it has just the right mount of spice (ordered medium spicy), the delectable creaminess, the vegetables were not overly cooked down, which is great, and the chicken was tender and flavorful on it's own (a feat by itself). The mateer paneer was excellent too (ordered a level 2 spicy, which was perfect for the mild dish. It had the same masala sauce as the chicken, but it was sweeter with the peas and and paneer. Their paneer was excellent (good size and texture). The chicken vindaloo was a little oily (maybe it should be?), but it was tasty, tender breast meat chicken and real (not canned) potatoes (not overcooked) the sauce was flavorful and the most spicy of the bunch, but also the most complicated of flavors with tomato being the base and other spices working through. Everything went perfect with the rice, that was moist and had peas and something yellow in it, overall well seasoned and cooked right. I do however, prefer Bay Leaf's rice. But, really, who cares too much about the rice? Everything was so flavorful! Everything was so YUM! Of course, I ate too much and I sitting here writing this full of Aab, I can't wait to eat leftovers tomorrow!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2010,11/7/2010,528,372,8,15,10>You know that friend who always says that every restaurant/eatery/place is good? One of my good friends -- bless her heart -- is the same way, so when I heard her gushing about Pino Gelato Bistro (PGB), I was slightly skeptical. Don't be fooled by the name. There's nothing bistro about the place. Instead, PGB is a gelateria that serves limited Italian desserts and the infamous pizza cones. The pizza cones, while interesting, were unremarkable in every way possible. The top half was scalding hot while the bottom half was completely unchewable.The gelato -- thankfully -- fared much better. Two of the more enticing sounding flavors turned out to be chocolate and cookies and cream, but both were refreshing nonetheless. The standout, however, was the pistachio. Flavors change daily depending on who opened the store. You can bet that I'll be back for flavors such as Nutella and Tiramisu... after I get my Bruegger's bagel next door!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,11/6/2010,134,190,5,12,6>I'm vegan, and I love veggies.  Really, I do.I go to Subway, and I get a very standardized sub with all the standard veggies, and it's okay.  It's consistent, and I think that's why a lot of people love it.Phat Wraps is different.  For one, remember that Subway analogy, where all the goodies were on one side of the sneeze-guard, and I'm on the other side?  At Phat Wraps, all the stuff that's important to me (veggies and sauces) are sitting in containers like a salad bar, out where I can make on-the-spot decisions without having to remember the names of each item as I go along.  Yes, I know it's not hard to remember the name of each vegetable, but it can be somewhat annoying having to say them out loud.  Plus, yes, I don't have to say "extra" before each veggie, either.  If I want extra cilantro (I know, right?!) I can just dump it on.  The day that I went, I decided to do a cilantro-with-lime theme, and it worked rather well.Once again, back to Subway: there are no vegan meat-analogue options currently.  That means you get bread, veggies and sauce, or if you want to have a salad, you can have veggies and sauce.  If you're a vegetarian, they have a patty, but I believe it has eggs and other such stuff in it, so it's not vegan happy.  So for vegans, Subway can get old really quick.  Phat Wraps actually has a vegan patty product which tastes pretty good, especially grilled-up and put on a nice wrap.When I go to a restaurant that takes the time to research the food and puts "vegan" on one of the options, I feel good that they A) might understand what is and is not vegan and B) they may have a decent selection of items that they can steer me toward (and away from).  They had a few vegan dessert options (cookies) and I'm sure something a vegan could drink, although I'm primarily a water-guy.Back to the veggies, though, because this is what I loved:  on-ice, self-serve, great selection.  I mean, they had cabbage, onions, julienne carrots, super hot jalapeno slices (whew! and I like it hot!), lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers plus the aforementioned cilantro and limes.  Lots of hot sauce, which is generally vegan, plus a few sauces which were not, except for one.  The best part?  The owner quickly, and without hesitation, was able to tell me what was vegan and what was not.  I love that in a restaurant.  If the rest of the staff is as knowledgeable, this is certainly a big plus.The atmosphere...well, it's funny, because the outside looks okay, bright blue, and a bit hidden away across from the UDF, but when you go inside, it has very contemporary styling.  I felt comfortable and, if there wasn't somewhere I had to be, I'd be able to happily read a newspaper or magazine while I ate my wrap.  Clean, well-lit and friendly service.It's relatively inexpensive, at around $6 to $7 for the wrap, and a few bucks for your cookie and drink if you're so inclined; but remember the fresh veggies.  I really don't think you'd get a better selection of these anywhere else, especially not at these prices, and certainly not with self-serve veggies and sauces.Overall, I'd say this is a great place to go, and you'll leave feeling you had a good value and pleasant overall experience.Veggies!
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2010,11/5/2010,183,780,2,3,2>Here's how my typical day goes - Enter that day's meetings into Google Maps.  Search nearby for 'coffee.'  Drink copious amounts of said beverage to maintain my sanity when yet another client says - 'All we need is a Twitter account.'So when I had a 3 hour break between meetings in the opposite side of town from home, Heavenly Cup popped up on Google Maps and I thought it would be a nice change from the usual Cup O'Joe or Starbucks.Its a friendly place where it seemed like the owner knew just about everyone who came in.  But I did notice a trend.  Whilst there was quite a bit of foot traffic, not many people came to stay.  This might be because there are very few seats (as other reviewers have mentioned) and the majority of them are outside.  This would be lovely on a sunny day but this was one of those dreary start of autumn days and so inside I stayed.  I couldn't find an outlet for my computer and noticed that the owner had her computer plugged in using an extension cord running behind the counter.  So I quickly got my wifi (which is free btw) crucial work done first so I could work on non-computer necessary things.I just got a simple filter coffee.  But it was nice that it came with 2 refills available all the way up until closing time.  Since I was there for 3 hours, I definitely took advantage of the refills.  But I was also hungry.  It was lunch time and I knew that there wouldn't be an huge selection in a coffee shop, I was excited to try the spinach and feta quiche that she promised me would be excellent.  I should have realized that anything that needed to be microwaved wouldn't be the greatest and it wasn't.  It was runny and steaming hot on the outside and cold on the inside.  I was starving and that was my choice but I think I would skip the quiche if I'm ever back.I'm not sure that I would make an effort to go back here, but if I were in the area and wanted a coffee pick-me-up, it would be on my list.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2010,11/4/2010,902,285,7,4,7>Vino 100 is a great little wine shop. I'm not much of a wino myself... I'm a hophead at heart... but sometimes I get the urge to trade in my pint glass for a wine glass. Vino has a fairly wide selection at very reasonable prices - as the name proclaims, 100 wines for under $25 (and around 15 for $10 or less). The wines are accompanied with cards detailing all the info you need to make an informed decision... but I usually just pick something with a pretty label.The staff is knowledgeable and willing to help out, too... though personally, I hate when people ask me what I'm looking for. Last time we went the boy made the error of answering her and said "We're looking for a sparkling wine"... and then when she asked if we wanted something dry or sweet etc I jokingly said "Um... extra sparkly?" She shot me a rather disgusted look. Then proceeded to point to every bottle of sparkling wine in the store. (Speaking of bitches, we ended up getting the Bitch Bubbly. It tasted like vomitted- up white zinfandel and cough medicine. Avoid.)The wine tastings during gallery hop are great. A cheap, fun way to sample a few different wines. They do them other times, too, I just have no idea when.I will continue to conclude all of my Short North dinner dates at Vino 100 to take a bottle home :)
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/22/2010,11/3/2010,39,128,2,4,2>Oh, how the mighty have fallen. While this is definitely the cheapest place in the area to catch a movie, it has plenty of flaws. I remember the days when the movies were $3.50 and the chairs weren't falling apart. I've noticed that many times they only have one employee selling tickets. This of course means long lines during the weekend. It's especially unpleasant if the weather is bad since the ticket booth is outside. It seems to be getting better, but make sure your seat back isn't crooked. I once had the back of my chair fall off during a movie. The theater is always clean and you have plenty of options in the concession stand. Evening screenings cost $6.50, just keep in mind you get what you pay for. At the end of the day, I usually prefer to save a few bucks.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,11/2/2010,115,228,3,5,3>Los Guachos is my second favorite taco truck in Columbus (the first being Taco Nazo).  Their tacos are fabulous, and their tortas are actually pretty good for being "East coast" (ie, most people on the east coast don't use real torta bread, which makes a world of difference).  We had the al pastor tacos, which are pretty good, and a carne asada torta, which is excellent.  I like the actual truck, too; it's designed nicely.I live on campus and I have and would travel for these tacos.  The campus trucks... eh.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,11/1/2010,82,150,,4,3>Interesting... I have exactly the opposite impression of Just Pies as other reviewers. For me, the crust is so-so, but I can usually get behind their fillings. I like my crust more well done. Their real standouts are their cream pies: fresh whipped cream and very flavorful fillings that don't taste artificial. They get points in my book for having plain rhubarb, straight up. None of that strawberry rhubarb pansy crap.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2010,10/31/2010,217,243,,6,3>I've been to Restaurant Hama twice now and I can honestly say that is has some of the best Japanese food in the area.  The first time my friend and I tried their sushi and I found it to be fresh and well prepared (better than many places in the area).  The second we opted for more traditional dishes.  I had the chicken katsu don and my friend tried the chicken yakisoba.  We were both pleased with our choices.The price is right and for some reason the restaurant has been almost empty when I've gone.  The service is great, they make sure you're water and tea is filled (which is very important to a camel like me).  A nice place for a date or night out with friends.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,10/30/2010,19,276,3,6,4>Finding a good stylist is similar to the search for a good man.  It takes a while & once you do, it's hard to let it go.  Eight years ago, I found the perfect stylist in Cincinnati.  Unfortunately I haven't lived in Cincinnati for 6 years.  Somehow I've been able to make it work though.  Recently it's been difficult and I haven't had the time to get my haircut each time I travel there.  I'd been in serious need of a cut for over a month & thinking about a color when I saw a Groupon offer for Cut Color Style.  I decided to go for it even though I'd previously had horrible experiences whenever I strayed from my Cincy stylist.  I was a little nervous, but the need to find a stylist in my current city won out.I called the number & reached a voicemail giving me the numbers of the three stylists.  I then called the number for Holly Clark, leaving my desired day & appointment time.  Holly called back minutes later and my appointment was scheduled for less than a week later.  The salon is hidden behind the shops at Worthington.  I ended up just wandering around until I found it.  It's near a very cute pet shop that I'll be visiting the next time I'm in.  I entered the salon with shoulder-length deep red hair & left with chin-length light brown hair.  I love it & can't wait to go back.  I've gotten so many compliments on my hair & I've been telling them all about the great experience I had with Holly.  I'm so excited to have FINALLY found a hairstylist here!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,10/29/2010,23,71,1,3,3>Walking into the Homage store was like a walk down memory lane and a vertiable feast for your eyes and ears.  Great music, good vibe and most importantly - awesome tshirts and other products from popcorn to buttons and more.  As much as I like Homage.com, it was really nice to touch the shirts and check them out in person.  As a result, I walked out a happy camper with four shirts and a box of popcorn!Keep up the good work.  I can't wait to see what's new and around the corner....I'll stay tuned.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,10/28/2010,38,73,3,8,4>This is no fly-by-night temporary Halloween store that sets up shop in an abandoned storefront. Oh no, this place is run by dedicated, knowledgeable costumers who are dedicated to their craft ALL YEAR ROUND!! Sure, they've got the cheapie costumes in clear plastic bags, hung up in rows with slutty women leering on the label. But they also have quality stuff, stuff you'd want to buy if you take your Halloween costume seriously. Their wigs are great. These are no nappy, tangly toupees that look like they've been run over by a truck: these are silky, nice looking wigs in a variety of great styles, even in the most obscure. Have you spent hours driving all over town, looking for a Rick James wig? They've got it. Are you interested in the "Biggest Afro in the World"? They have several. Lots of fun colors and styles to choose from, too. They will even cut your wig into the perfect style you need. Say you want to be Steve Perry, but you can only find an Elvira. The nice woman at the counter will trim your wig, give it bangs and choppy 80's layers, and, voila! You're the best Steve Perry on the block. They have real shoes in tons of fun looks! Platform ruby slippers! Patent leather boots- for men!! Check it out- you don't need any other Halloween store but this one.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,10/27/2010,23,36,3,8,8>Best goat biryani outside the streets of Kolkata (Calcutta)! Hands down. I just had carryout beef samosas and goat biryani, and the flavor in the biryani was perfect. It was also orange in color, so that put me into a good mood. Prices are very reasonable, and I plan on exploring their menu to the max. I've heard (since I didn't pick it up) that its dining area isn't that big since its main function is as a grocery store, so no recommendations to that end. The food, though, as a meat biryani aficionado, I can say is up to par and then some!
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,10/26/2010,57,90,2,6,1>I love this place.  We tried it because we had a coupon but it impressed me.  FYI: fireballs are simply chicken breast tenders, deep friend and they resemble a boneless wing or big chicken nugget.  And I'll tell you, Jed did something right because they are delicious.  By themselves, in sauce, or as part of a platter (see picture i uploaded), you can't go wrong.  Platters are $10 across the board and they had some really great beer deals during normal eating hours.  This Jeds is in an old Damons so the TV setup will be a new favorite for sporting events.  I'd highly recommend this place.  Kids had chicken tenders and pizza for dinner.  Tenders weren't as good as the fireballs but the pizza was delicious.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/22/2010,10/25/2010,23,14,,6,2>Shoku is one of the Dae Oh restaurants, located on hip Grandview Avenue in Columbus, Ohio. It's billed as a pan-Asian sort of place; pleasant enough atmosphere and a sushi bar. We ate lunch there, and all ordered sushi-based bento box meals. The bento box was bigger than I expected for lunch, but that was a pleasant surprise. My sushi consisted of 3 each of tuna rolls and California rolls. The sushi was decent, though not spectacular. It came with plenty of side dishes along the Japanese - Korean continuum: tempura onion/sweet potato/green bean, fresh kimchi, shredded seaweed, salted dried octopus, and the like. The side dishes formed the bulk of the meal. Some were very good (the tempura green bean, the kimchi, and the seaweed), some were merely adequate (the octopus and some sweet tofu). Overall it was a nice lunch.One of my companions ordered the miso soup which she declared to be piping hot and good.The service was prompt and courteous and the restaurant was very clean and inviting. It's not one of the area's top three pan-Asian joints but I would certainly dine there again.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,10/24/2010,0,22,,5,3>The restaurant in the back is...Authentic.You order your food up front at the cash register. The guy takes your order and sends it to the cooks in the kitchen at the back.While I don't think they speak much English, they are nice people. The Bulgolgi (barbeque beef- the first thing on the menu) is the most popular menu item. It is delicious. the barbeque pork is really good too. This prices are $8.95 an entre. While that is not super cheap, it is probably the cheapest Korean food in Columbus and definitely cheaper than Kaya, Pung Mei, or Silla a couple minutes away. The food here is just as good or better than all of the fancier restaurants. If you can't finish your food, they have boxes so you can take it home. The place has a friendly atmosphere but it is small so I imagine it can get crowded when busy although when we went there (saturday night) it was fine. Weekend lunches are probably prime time for them.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2010,10/23/2010,5,14,2,5,2>First, i moved here almost 3 years ago and have gone in and out of so many salons. i got sick of the mediocrity and continued to drive to cleveland to get my haircut....and really not as often as i should. long story short, i got a business card from someone and decided to give PHIA a shot. i, of course, arrived far too early but was offered tea, coffee, water while i waited. the staff was extremely nice and talkative. (which is so refreshing). i was randomly given a stylist, ANNAH. remember that name, friends. she is truly amazing. i sat down in her chair and felt comforted when she asked me about 2,000 questions about my hair. she had a pen and paper and took notes as i rambled about my stupid hair. after a maybe 10 minute conversation about what i wanted, she was ready to begin. (keep in mind i have short hair, and i'm a girl, so the cut is very important to me). needless to say, the cut was EXACTLY what i wanted....even better than expected. i have found my salon. i have finally found it, and i recommend you give them a shot. my only experience was with ANNAH and the front desk girls....but it was pleasant and i left feeling good about myself. as far as price goes...it was similar to any other salon in the area. i went to a best cuts type place and paid 5-10 dollars less. this is worth the extra few bucks....if you care about your hair.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,10/22/2010,52,126,4,4,3>Feeding five hungry guys and one girl can become quite a challenge, especially when you are in the midst of an epic Dungeons and Dragons game. Killing all those goblins can really work up an appetite.I tried this pizza last night. We had it delivered to our house since we don't go outside much. The crust was crunchy and delicious. The pepperoni was spicy and had the perfect amount of grease. The slices were small and easy to eat and handle while you are rolling your dice. In one word, it was remarkable.I am planning on going back here next time I have a craving for good pizza in Columbus.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,10/21/2010,7,71,6,2,5>When I was younger (and had lower standards) the Dube was, hands down, my favorite restaurant in town.  With its spotty service and average food, it wouldn't even break my top 25 these days.  In fact, this place really probably deserves more like 2 or 3 stars based on the food and service... but come on... it's the Dube.  It's a Columbus institution.  Tradition alone earns the Dube 4 stars.  Of course, the food is mediocre.  It's not bad.  In fact, some things are pretty good.  The burger I had last night was solid.  Anything fried is probably a safe bet.  Order the more international selections at your own peril.  The service is hit or miss.  This is probably the thing I've become most disillusioned with over the years.  Once your accustomed to really good wait service, bad service becomes infuriating.  You can have a reasonable expectation of bad service at the Dube.  But, let's be honest.  You don't go to the Dube for the food or the service.  You go because it's got the perfect vibe for having a good time with your friends.  There's something almost magical about the Dube.  You go there and you have fun.  It just happens.  So, yeah. like I said:  If this place were anywhere else but THE Dube it would definitely rate fewer stars.   But it's not just anywhere.  It's the mother effing Dube, man.  If you've never been, you're missing out on an essential part of the Columbus experience.  Go.  The food will be okay.  The service might be bad.  The drinks will be cheap.  But, at the end of your visit, you'll have a better understanding of what it means to be young and in Columbus.  You might just fall in love with it.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,10/20/2010,10,53,2,5,2>The Place: Longview is located about a block south of North Broadway on the east side of High St. Parking is on-street, so brush up on your parallel skills. The shop itself contains 3 barber stations along the right side of the space, seating (maybe 12 seats) along the left side of the space, and a kids-space in the back for any young-ins waiting on pop's haircut or for one of their own. There are televisions (3 or so) here and there, normally set on ESPN [being that this is a place for MEN ; ) ] The store is clean and tidy, and warm even on winter days. The Service: There are 3 barbers cutting hair throughout the day. Longview is walk-in only, which has its benefits and detriments. I've walked in before and had a short, 5 minute wait, and I've also walked in and waited an hour plus before going under the scissors. All of the barbers are very nice, and every cut I've gotten has been top-notch. All three are quick, as well. It seems they've all struck that balance between a good haircut and a quick haircut, which I really appreciate. The Crowd: All shapes and sorts of dudes, but it would appear that most of them are Clintonville townees. I've noticed that quite a few of the patrons walk to the store, so it would seem that Longview draws a lot of people from the immediate area. You won't see as many kids here as your chain haircut place (ex: Great Clips), but I've encountered a surprising number of high school kids stopping in for a cut after school. It should be noted that the barbers are talkative and friendly. They have quite a rapport with each other, and I end up laughing at their stories each time I stop in. The Price: AMAZING. I get a QUICK, QUALITY haircut for only $12. That's a darn good price, in my humble opinion. Bottom Line: a nice store; nice, proficient barbers; a fun atmosphere; lot's of ESPN; great prices; a central location; what's there to complain about? Solid all-around!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,10/19/2010,44,55,3,3,2>Press Grill has excellent bar food! I typically go to Press for lunch or an early dinner because it tends to get over crowded for me.... I am not a big fan of crowds or standing room only on a Friday or Saturday night. I like to sit in a booth and people watch! The drinks are fine... I usually order beer or Vodka Soda... who can really screw either of those up?  Back to the food. Like most people... I LOVE the Press Cheeseburger! It is so simple, yet, so darn tasty! Another favorite of mine at PG is the Buffalo Shrimp.... Amazing! I usually split the shrimp with a friend as an appetizer... They are served with Chunky Blue Cheese dressing and celery... Perfect little meal starter. The last time I visited the Press I totally went off the grid in terms of my usual order... I got the Turkey Ruben (which I would typically never order anywhere) and it was surprisingly good. Warm Turkey with Swiss cheese and excellent coleslaw on pumpernickel bread... Hit the spot. My friend ordered the Chicken Pesto Sandwich with a side of Slaw.... We both totally clean plated it! I also recommend the salads and specials they offer. They have a hot dog special on Mondays, $0.99 Tacos on Wednesday, Thursday is Thanksgiving dinner night and Sundays they have a $9.99 Steak Dinner special. The service was great! Our server was very nice and on top of things, but, I have to make note that the I believe manager was there and he was fantastic... very hands on and friendly.  To sum it up.... P - Pints a plentyR - Reservations not welcomeE - Eclectic clientele S - Simple S - Super Sandwiches
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,10/18/2010,65,147,5,5,3>Why I'm stupid: Because for after four years of living in Columbus, and living only two blocks away from Studio 35 this year, I continued to go to the freaking Lennox. How I got in graduate school I'll never know. Thankfully this was remedied last night after a long day of teacher certification exams. I couldn't wait to finally go see a movie at Studio 35 (especially a movie that I had been dying to see for a couple of weeks). We read all of these great reviews on yelp and it seemed like a plan.The movie theater is small and quaint looking on the outside. We saw many people bike there and others walk. The outdoor has a shiny marquee and a sentimental old-timey aura to it.  Upon entering, we could see that the place was clean. However, I remarked that it sort of smelled like a bowling ally - bear, food, and humans. It was funny though, you know how in 'The Simpsons', when the family goes anywhere like to the movies or the park or whatever, the whole town is somehow there as well. I was always kinda irked by that until last night, when I randomly saw friends, people who lived in my apartment complex, people I take the bus with, and other people I took the Praxis with that morning at the theater that night. Literally, It seemed like all of Clintonville was there.One of the best things about Studio 35 was definitely the price. $5 student tickets. Yes, really. You cannot beat that with a stick. Also $5 for a huge bucket of popcorn?! With free refills!? Oh my god. I wonder if anyone's told them that other theaters sell their small popcorn for $4. No? Shhhh keep it a secret. Also the fact that they have a liquor license is a glorious perk.The inside of the theater is HUGE. It was so much bigger than I thought. It could definitely seat anywhere from 100-150 people. The inside looks kind of grungy, with the exception of the new leather seats. Those were great, but they provided a real contrast to the rest of the interior of the theater. And that incline toward the screen that everyone in previous reviews mentioned? It really does suck. Especially if you're short like me. Also, the movie was supposed to start at 9pm, but the previews didn't start till around 9:25. What was up with that? Once the movie came on, the sound was good and the people were silent. ::content sigh::The atmosphere of Studio 35 was much more self-satisfactory than the usual theaters that I go to. Instead of teenagers discussing Twilight and trading silly bands in the seats behind me, I was treated with overhearing substantial conversations about movies and their meanings. It's really so much better listening to others talk about their favorite Coen brothers film or the last movie Christopher Nolan did in comparison to the one were were watching.All in all, a good experience. 'Cept for that damn incline.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,10/17/2010,156,314,7,9,8>I've been to Skillet twice now and I'm glad I waited to write this review. I was sort of broken-hearted about having to give 4 stars to Skillet after that first, cherry-poppin' visit because while the food was nothing short of stunning, all the jazz with the line and the wait and the ordering at a window was not my cup of tea.But now there's TABLE SERVICE at Skillet! And dinner hours! Now we're eating at the Big Kid's Table!This most recent visit I had the distinct, mind-altering pleasure of trying- for the first time in my poor, deprived life- fried green tomatoes. To be exact, they were cornmeal dusted fried green tomatoes on huge slices of buttery brioche with local greens and perfectly cooked bacon to make a BLT that even puts to shame the home-made-with-love goodness of the BLTs my grandmother would make me for lunch many, many moons ago.And, well, that sandwich was like jacking ice-cold pleasure right into my main vein. I do not take sandwiches lightly; while I can happily dabble in the sandwich underworld of Subway or unnamed truck stop deli #34 and hold my aching guts with a satisfied smile, I prefer those sandwiches that bring to mind the happy almost-fate of Arthur Dent, who learned the true joy to be found in the world of sandwiching not long before his untimely maybe-demise. (SPOILERS!) To make this point much more simply, put some shit between bread and I am all ABOUT it. So what made this particular sandwich such a springboard for linguistic excess? Well, just about everything. That buttery brioche, those complex fried green tomatoes, that BACON... this sandwich was large, in charge, and here to take names. It was, yes, sandwich perfection.My date and I also split an order of fingerling potatoes that were, well, here: OM NOM NOM NOM NOM. It's not hard to impress me with fried potatoes to begin with, though, and there wasn't anything particularly WOW about these potatoes. They were just damned good in a simple, side-dish sort of way. They definitely didn't take the spotlight off the BLT, which is exactly what you want from a side- especially a potato side. Right?Add in the very friendly service from the same man who was cooking our food (and who may also be the owner? I'm not very hip to these things) and the whole afternoon was sublime. Window seat, cute atmosphere, German Village, sunset, fried green tomatoes, wow!I will be back to Skillet a third time, a fourth time, ad infinitum. Skillet is a very small but VERY illustrious bauble shining unassuming in the crown of German Village.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,10/16/2010,10,11,3,4,3>This place is a little out of the way for most C-bussers but it's definitely worth the trip if you can get out here.  I am lucky to work near it and try to go here if I ever go out for lunch.The experience starts when you get out of your car at this tiny BBQ place.  Your senses are immediately inundated with BBQ smells that make your mouth water immediately.You go in and order your food.  The place is small so sometimes there is no where to sit but outside, which is brutal when it's 95 degrees outside. I've tried most of their offerings and all of them are incredible.  Tops for me is the pulled chicken or smoked turkey.  I can't choose a favorite between them.  Sometimes the chicken comes out a little dry, but they have a plethora of sauces to choose from to overcome this weakness.  They do have a sauce for every taste, from spicy to sweet to mustardy to really, really spicy.  Trust me, when you take that first bite of BBQ, there will be a party in your mouth, and everyone might be invited, but you won't want to let them in because they will eat your BBQ.I've had nearly all of their sides.  The only one that was just average was the potato salad.  The cheesy potatoes seem simple, but are absolutely incredible.  The macaraoni salad is made with pulled chicken and leaves your taste buds tingling.  My favorite side is the southern greens.  They have a kick to them, but taste perfect.Definitely worth getting out here if you can, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,10/15/2010,60,52,2,4,5>I went to my first Columbus Crew game last night and was so impressed with the stadium and the overall experience!  How a place can be simultaneously family-friendly AND tailgate-friendly is beyond me, but they manage to offer something for everyone.Truly not a bad seat in the house.  Easily accessible, well-marked, clean, and affordable.    Buck-a-brat and buck-a-beer night made the evening even more fun.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,10/13/2010,283,220,12,17,20>I'm a sucker for trying foreign foods, but I always thought of ice cream flavors as being pretty universal. Ya know, vanilla, chocolate, various kinds of fruit.... Perhaps my travel radius hasn't been pushed quite far enough to the limit, or perhaps I've just had my eyes closed all this time, but I had never in my wildest dreams imagined all the exotic flavors of the Far East to be condensed into delightful scoops of cream right here in Ohio. I'm not even sure where you can get lychee fruit in this zip, but ya know what? Mardi Gras has you covered if you want to try some in the ice cream form (it's just like the real fruit, btw; excellent!). Saffron is probably one of the last spices I would ever expect to find in a dessert, yet the Kesar Pista makes a beautiful medley of that, almond, pistachio, and cardimom. If you're thinking, "Ew! That stuff is definitely not for me," wait just one minute. The owner herself makes every batch of ice cream on site, and she caters to Western tastes just as much as she does to the adventurers'. While I would probably shake my head at your ordering a Reese's Cup waffle cone here, the option is not off the table. If you're on the flavor-deciding fence, they'll gladly hand out sample after sample until you find the one(s) for you. Pack your bags, ice cream lovers and food adventurers. Experiencing Mardi Gras is a flavor trip totally worth taking.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,10/12/2010,160,933,1,5,2>Jason Michael is a classic hairdresser with a ton of interesting stories. He's been around the world, and around the country, and is just overall a great guy.He's semi-retired, so make sure to call for an appointment, but he had me in and out in 15 minutes, it was great! He also has been styling women's hair for quite a long time.Couldn't ask for much more than a little bit less of  a cost ($25 + tip).
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,10/11/2010,66,98,,3,4>This is why Paradise Garage deserves another five star review.  It's past 6pm on COMFEST Friday, I need lights to ride to Outland for the Designer Drugs show. I head over and I get front and back lights for under $50.  Biking night out accomplished.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2010,10/10/2010,25,48,3,5,2>Six of us went there for lunch. The interiors were a refreshing departure from the kitschy depictions of rural life in a North Indian village  which seems to be de rigueur. I was impressed with the lunch menu which is a $10 prix fixe affair, offering one appetizer (paneer or Tandoori chicken), 2 entrees (that's right, TWO) and a dessert. I ordered the Tandoori chicken, it comes with a small bowl of chicken curry and the naan, my entrees were the Rogan Josh (goat in a thin spicefull red curry) and green beans cooked in mustard oil. My dessert was the carrot Halwa. All portions were pleasingly presented and small (a good thing). Yet, each order contained so many items that it was enough to provide a light lunch for two. I took a star off because the food was served after a half-hour of wait, I don't usually mind that, if it means that it's being prepared fresh, but naan served cold is a dangerous thing. This naan was like eating shards of glass, and it lacerated the inside of my mouth, I had to soak it in the various curries to blunt it. They are still working the kinks out and I look forward to going there again and hopefully giving them the 4 stars they deserve.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,10/9/2010,884,714,4,16,7>The Indianola Avenue Volunteers of America is by far my favorite thrift store in all of Columbus.  I've been getting the majority of my clothes from thrift stores since birth so I know a good thrift when I see it!  This location nearly always has what I am looking for, and plenty I'm not particularly looking for as well. I'll give a few examples. I needed a little mini curtain for my bathroom window because an apartment complex across the alley looked right into it...I went to VoA and found the perfect blind. This was in 2006. I'm still using it 4 homes later.After moving back out of my father's, I had to rebuy some kitchen essentials. One thing I wanted was a butter tray, the more retro the better. Went to VoA, found the perfect butter tray. Retro look, tan and yellow color, great find...fifty cents.Got my loveseat there, got my coffee pot there, got a desk there. Actually, I was dropping off some donations, and another gentleman pulled up and was donating the coffee pot and desk...I said "hey, can I have those?" Score! Free stuff.Needed new work shirts - found some great polos in very good condition. I could go on. The only item for which VoA has failed me is curtains for my new house. I've been going regularly and looking for a set that aren't incredibly long. They just don't have any. =(There are always two color tags featured, one 50% off and the other 75% off. Also, the first Tuesday of the month, everything in the store is 50% off. This is the most amazing thrift store ever.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed. Well, maybe if you're looking for underground vinyl from the '80s...
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,10/8/2010,45,139,4,3,3>El Arepazo est magnifique! J'adore beaucoup parce que ...Oh wait, wrong language. Ummm, Spanish.... Io loveo Elo Arepazo...um...o. I feel ashamed that it took me 5 years of living in Columbus before I tried this amazing downtown spot! Hmmmm, how do you describe it???   How about...  F is for Fantastic FlavorsR is for Rousingly RobustE is for Excellent ExecutionS is for Startlingly SatisfyingH is for Hellaciously HarmoniousAlliterate mnemonic devices aside, the best part of this place are the FRESH flavors. My personal preference is the Patacon, a practically perfect and pleasantly palatable plate of piquantness. I particularly enjoyed the plantain! OK, ok, I am done this time. Really. I promise. Kidding, kidding. It really was amazing! I got it with the Tilapia and it was spectacular. The cilantro sauce is also great, though I don't quite understand all the hoopla about it. The staff is really friendly and very helpful as they guided me through a menu of unfamiliar items. Get the bottled coke which is made with actual sugar and is so much more satisfying because of it. I truly can't wait to return!
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,10/7/2010,598,616,8,10,9>Oh, Ohio. *swoon*I moved to Columbus, Ohio exactly four years ago this week. I remember turning on my TV (I had a TV then!) and seeing Gordon Gee, in his bow tie, wearing a cowboy hat, and calling a pig race contest. I was completely horrified and called the ex (eww) and asked her to please take me back home to Chicago. Blasphemy. Now I can't imagine my life without Columbus, Ohio: the wonderful people, the silly state university that I work for ;) and just the feel of the town in general. The Ohio State Fair, for me, encapsulates the very essence of everything I know about the heartland, all rolled in up into one deep fried, slightly ridiculous, fully wholehearted piece of amazingness - on a STICK! The boy and have gone to the fair annually for the last three years for at least two days for huge stretches of time - this time we went both Fridays for eight and six hours. Holy walking, Batman (which works to burn off all those foods on sticks, however). I can't imagine starting August without this tradition. This year I was lucky enough to get TICKETS TO DEVO from our lovely CM, CHRISTINA!!! What an awesome experience to add to the fair - a sweet rock show with some fellow Yelpers (though note: they do not sell alcohol at the fair, even inside the Celeste Center, so it was slightly awkward for someone used to going to rock shows in bars... but still completely killer). A thousand times thanks for that, Christina. *heart* My favourite part of the Ohio State Fair is the people watching. You really will see farmers and cowgirls (my fave) and -boys, urban and suburban folks, and everyone in between. Sort of like our Comfest "count the boobs" game, this year we decided to count the number of bad juggalo tattoos (so many!), and jailbait in super-short-shorts (so many! Where are your parents girls?!). See, it can be really fun! The fair is such a cross section of Ohio... it's wonderful. The fair showcases Ohio agriculture, so be sure to stop in to the numerous tents and buildings that focus on various types of farming - especially the Dairy Barn, where the butter cow is located (a huge statue of a cow carved from butter) as well as other butter sculptures (this year it was some football players but the best year was when they did Mt. Rushmore, but made of the Ohio presidents). I think we city-folk, esp those of us who are not originally from Ohio, often forget that much of Ohio is rural farmland and that is plays a huge part in not just state but national agricultural economy. Be sure to also stop in the Ohio Proud tent toward the end of the main thoroughfair - they have cool local food products and Ohio Proud stickers which are always awesome. Other than the animals and the local agricultural exhibits, there is a focus on art and music which is really cool. This year I saw one of my professors, Dr. E., perform with her soul band on the main stage. Not to mention the nightly big-name concerts, which this year included Weezer, Devo, Heart, and Babyface. There is constantly entertainment all over the fair - and the art exhibits in various buildings are really cool, too (loved the ugly cake contest). There is a craft building as well - really, there's something for everyone at the fair. Which includes carnival rides and games (probably the best people watching takes place on the Midway - oh my) as well as every possible carnival food you can imagine. Please, don't question the decision to try to roast beef sundae - it's as amazing as the name is ridiculous. My favourite, of course, is the fried cheese on a stick - I had one before and after Devo - ha. In the last four summers, I've tried everything from a fried Mars bar (ehh), fair fries, corn dogs, etc. to this year's new Kinfolks' BBQ (visiting from Florida - delicious). I freakin' love corn dogs - I never had one til I lived here (I believe my first was at Comfest)! Oh and this year there appeared chocolate covered bacon (the "muddy pig"), which was good but not as good as I hoped. Still, holy pork, Ohio, thank you! So yes, the Ohio State Fair is fantastic. It is ALL THINGS TO ALL PEOPLE. ;) When one day I inevitably move away from Columbus, I will plan my vacations to Columbus around Comfest and the Fair - two events extremely close to my heart for their innately *Columbus* and *Ohio* essence. I LOVE THE STATE FAIR!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,10/6/2010,24,36,5,6,6>I don't know what I can add to these reviews, but now that I am a "regular" I figure I owe an explanation.1.  Service is a little bad.  Your table will be sticky.  Human up and clean it yourself with a napkin if you need to.  Or just ask.  Also, your wait is worth it.  The waitress or waiter might not like you.  Get over it before you go inside because you need to focus on the food.  2.  Both crusts are awesome.  I prefer the smokin joe's and Rob likes the other one.  You won't be sad about either choice.  3. Backyard dog.  I promise you won't miss meat.  This is so so so good.  It tasted fresh even though it is baked.  The cheese is melty and beautiful.  The spinach is shiny with grease (a good thing here, normally strange to me).  The feta is for once not in the way on the pizza.  There is not a lot of broccoli but the pizza is loaded with veggies anyway.4. Hawaiian.  YUM.  I know it is wrong to say that I like Donato's Hawaiian pizza, and thought it was my Columbus go-to, and I know it is wrong because I tried Hound Dog's.  Oh.  My.  God.  Just order it and don't look back.  Secret: I can eat a whole large one here.  5.  Beer:  always important for pizza eating.  They have good things on tap.  They have nothing in bottles to speak of, though the menu suggests otherwise.  They usually have Stone IPA, and they have standard Miller-Bud-Coors for those who are into that.  Specials if you go early on pitchers.  Go and drink, wait, eat, wait, pay and be merry!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,10/5/2010,14,72,2,2,2>OK - I can not write anymore reviews for you.  I can not in good conscience visit you more than once a week if I wish to live a longer life.  I appreciate your consistency more than you will ever know, over these last 9 months.  I appreciate your friendly staff.  And I appreciate your premium toppings and your cole slaw on a burger.You are for me, the best burger in Cowlumbus.  I know you are only a burger joint.  I can't help it - I love you and your cole slaw slathered burgers.  5 STARS.  DON'T MISS IT!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/10/2010,10/4/2010,309,391,4,11,7>A long time ago, I would have given a place like Gooeyz 4 stars. A long time from now I'll give a place like Gooeyz 2 stars. For now, and with hopes of improvement, I'll settle with 3 stars for my first trip to the brand new grilled cheese joint in the South Campus Gateway.I've never been to Melt in Cleveland, but I've had many friends tell me that their fare is fantastic. And maybe it's a good thing that I haven't tasted grilled cheese from Melt, it would have seriously spoiled my inaugural trip to Gooeyz. My memory of grilled cheese sandwiches already clouded my view of Gooeyz. I would not call what they serve "grilled cheese". It was more of a toasted sandwich.The buttery and crispy bread that I remember from rainy day lunches were not mimicked here, though the hearty 1 inch bread was thick and tasty. I would be hard pressed to believe that these sandwiches, piled high with all of their toppings, were grilled on a skillet together. My cheese was barely melted and the name "Gooeyz" did not live up to the promise.The physical menu is projected on TVs behind the cashier where you order. I understand the value in not printing menus as there is no printing cost involved when you decide to change your menu. But then you need screens large enough to hold your menu and ingredients - which Gooeyz does not have. Everyone in my party complained about having to squint and read the small print.The actual food menu is promising but lacks serious creativity. I had the Gobble Gooeyz - Turkey, Monterey Jack Cheese, a 3 Cheese Artichoke Spread, Lettuce and Tomato. The turkey was a little dry but the Artichoke Spread was really nice. Combined with a side of fries (no drink) and my total came to about $8, with a drink and you're looking at $10 or more depending on the side. I wasn't expecting much from the fries, but they were very delicious. However, $10 is too much to pay for a self service restaurant with no table service. Unless the sandwiches are outstanding (they're not).Tonight marks the second night of Gooeyz, which gives them plenty of time to work out the kinks in customer service before school starts. Issues such as knowledge about your product (whether or not they have gluten-free bread), friendliness of cashiers, and issues of how to call out completed orders. Example, we waited at our table for 5 minutes while our food piled up on the counter. We had no idea it was our food - there was no order number or name called. And when two of us had similar looking food - the cooks at first could not tell us which sandwich contained what meat. And then hurriedly spat "They came out in the order that they came in, orders 1, 2 and 3". Well thanks dude, that was helpful.Gooeyz is a great concept and I was really excited about our first grilled cheese joint in Columbus, but my expectation were too high and reality fell flat.. I wish them the best of luck, especially in the South Campus Gateway. Which is basically a death sentence for any independently owned store or restaurant worth saving. Gooeyz needs to come up with an idea to attract non-college students, a reason to travel to the South Campus Gateway if they want to survive.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,10/3/2010,175,131,4,2,2>Jeni's is a gift from Jesus. It is proof that god indeed loves us. This time of year, they have the buckeye ice cream (which is pretty self explanitory) but the salty caramel is a year-round favorite for me. If you start to feel overwhelmed by all the flavor choices, you can ask for a sample of anything you want to try. Don't want to wait in line for an hour at the High Street, North Market or Grandview locations? Many of the local grocery stores carry Jeni's too. Score!
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2010,10/2/2010,27,135,13,12,6>Jews have a holiday called Yom Kippur. It's not exactly a happy day - it is a day in which we atone for our sins by refraining from indulging our body's needs, notably food. So every night before Yom Kippur, I eat at a Chinese buffet so that I can fill up as much as I can for the next day's fast. Call it cheap and dirty, but it's a matter of survival. Oy!This Yom Kippur Eve, Rachel P. and I decided to hit up Hong Kong Buffet, because it seemed to have the highest reviews of any Chinese buffet in Columbus. And as harsh a critic of Chinese food as I am, Hong Kong Buffet did indeed pass the Jon Test.Hong Kong Buffet has a pretty sizable selection of food - three main course islands (one that is only seafood), one for Mongolian grill, and one for salad and desserts. I got my usual Chinese buffet fix-ins: Vegetable Lo Mein, Sesame Chicken, White Rice, Mongolian Beef, and Sushi. The Veggie Lo Mein was quite tasty as was the Sesame Chicken, which was a perfect level of sauciness. But the Mongolian Beef was above and beyond. That was excellent! The Five Spice Squid and the Dumplings were sub-par, there was not nearly enough meat in the middle of the dumplings.Despite the deliciousness, one major event happened that definitely warrants a star deduction: Rachel P. found some sort of insect in her Lo Mein. Ew. But while many people would have given up right there, we knew we had to stock up so that we could survive the Day of Atonement on our Asian sustinence! So we continued to eat. And continued to taste the deliciousness. Finally, when we felt we had enough, we made our way to the dessert island, where we had your standard buffet ice cream (Rachel also had the cake, which she said was not very good - it was very dry and bland).For rating buffets it is important to take the following things into consideration, which I am rating on a 1-5 scale:- Hotness of Food: 4- Frequency of Changing Trays: 4- Frequency of Drink Refills: 5- Cleanliness of Buffet Area: 3 (1 star docked because only one ice cream flavor had a big spoon in it - I did not feel like chocolate ice cream with a strawberry ice cream twinge)Overall, Hong Kong Buffet is a very good Chinese buffet that I would recommend to anyone. The food is better than most other non-buffet Chinese food I've had in Columbus, which is sad on Columbus, but good on you, Hong Kong Buffet! Good on you! I'll let you know how my sustenance goes tomorrow in Synagogue! L'Chaim!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,10/1/2010,26,8,3,4,4>I feel like this spot is a secret to most but really it's one of the coolest little music venues in the city! Maybe that is because outside of Ohio State's campus most locals don't make the journey down there. Well I do! I tend to go down to High St about 100 yards North of Lane Ave on Wednesday nights when Mike Perkens is playing and especially when Jerry DePizzo from O.A.R. joins him which is pretty much every time he is not in the studio or on the road with O.A.R.. I can normally convince friends to join me, it's not hard once I bring back the memories of the college days!For your typical small campus bar/music venue the sound is spectacular with a stage that might be equal in size to the bar itself. Of course the bathrooms have no doors and you will find cool stickers of bands that never made big time all over the walls along with  floors and carpet that look 100 years old with a certain stench of stale beer are all what adds the fun college environment and all around atmosphere.I know they serve food although I have never tried it because I normally don't like to eat when I'm dancing at shows but it does look good and smells even better. The domestic beers are cheap $2 and the import selection is huge; not $2!  My drink of choice is Kettle One and that's about $5 which is way less than the downtown and suburban bars I normally explore to.I tend to come from more of a rock, folk, funk and jazz background when it comes to music, this is why I truly love the venue. They do have hip-hop nights and a littler heavy rock from time to time but it's the improvisational jams that really get me going and that is why I will peak my head in Scarlet and Grey and time I'm in the neighborhood.I recommend you give it a try as well, you never know who you might come across on stage!
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,9/30/2010,22,29,3,6,4>Being from the west coast, I MISS my access to good Japanese food...and all other types of Asian food for that matter.  Thank goodness for the existence of Tensuke Market! This place is my go-to for good sushi and sushi fixings in Columbus.  There are two takeout sections located in the store, one for sushi and the other for assorted hot food. The BBQ eel is quite delicious and the raw fish is always fresh.Five star for groceries, takeout, and overall excellent customer service!
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,9/29/2010,28,62,,4,4>Hooray! This year, I was lucky enough to share my birthday with my parents in Ohio. We ordered a cake from pattycake for a small get-together my birthday night, as a fun change of pace from regular grocery store cakes.When I placed the order, I was initially taken aback. The person who took my order was very quick- almost short- with me. I imagined they were in the middle of doing something, however I would have been fine waiting a moment. When I said the pick up date- I placed my order on a tuesday for a saturday pickup- they looked at me like I was being absolutely rude with my time frame. The website didn't really list a minimum day prior for placing orders, and I thought it was a fair amount of time.We ended up getting a 6" Pistachio Rosewater cake. Now, they say it serves 4-6 people. I had it serve 10 adults just fine! What they don't tell you is that this cake is very moist and dense, very filling. It was so subtle in flavor, perfect on a summer night!Now, the kicker was people couldn't believe it was vegan. Everyone kept saying how amazing it was, and none of us are vegan! I ordered from the bakery based off of good reviews and I prefer to support local business anyways. Now, I am only giving them 4 stars because of the price. Holy cow, it was a bit pricey. Worth it? Yes. But definitely a chunk of change out of my pocket. But...with the frequency that I get cake, I would definitely pay it again. Now I want to try their other baked goods!
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,9/28/2010,62,163,5,8,5>Now that my wife and I have found excellent Ethiopian food here in C-bus (Lalibela), we decided to experiment with other African foods.  Via Yelp, we decided to try Drelyse.The restaurant is in a strip mall on Tamarack Circle (I'm finding that Columbus has many excellent restaurants hidden in random strip malls.)  While I'm somewhat familiar with Ethiopian food, West African food is completely new to me, yet strangely comfortable.  Based on other yelp reviews we went with sambusas and vitumbua for appetizers.  The owner also brought us a spring roll.  All three were excellent.  The sambusa is very similar to an indian samosa.  The vitumbua is a sort of heavy rice (?) cake that is pleasantly slightly sweet.There was an assortment of african beer and, oddly, Guinness bottled in Africa but sent to America.  I went with "Nkulenu's Palm Drink" which was imported from Kenya.  It is hard to describe, but very refreshing on a hot day.  Give it a try when you go.I had the beef peanut butter soup with fufu.  We also ordered a chipatti out of curiosity, which is similar to North Indian batura.  The soup (when eaten with the chipatti) was reminiscent of malaysian roti canai and was very good.  My wife had the beef spinach stew with rice which was also excellent.  We also tried the plaintains which were tasty.The atmosphere in the (small) restaurant is very friendly and almost feels like you're visiting someone's home for dinner.  There was a tv in the corner playing an african soap opera, which seemed to be centered around a couple that was pregnant against the wishes of their family and a lady with poorly controlled asthma who never could get to her albuterol inhaler in time... I digress.We met the owners...The husband runs the show out front (and kindly gave us samples of some of their food before we ordered.)  The wife does much of the excellent work in the kitchen and chatted with us after we finished.  The authentic way of eating this food is with your hands and, if you're up for it, they will wash your hands for you when you're finished.What a fantastic little restaurant.  Thanks to Drelyse, I'm a fan of African food!
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,9/27/2010,8,25,5,3,5>India is a big country.  Turns out they eat something other than tandoori chicken there!?!Bad jokes aside- Udipi is South Indian style- no meat.  Dosas, Idli, Paratha, and did I mention Dosas?If you don't know what any of those things are- than go to the reasonably priced buffet and have at it.  One of my best buddies is from a South Indian family- and this is the place.  Sometimes we would go and our bill would be less than $20, and we were both full.  I'm not talking about the buffet either.Sometimes there are little Indian children running around screaming.  Other times it's quiet.  The dosas and Sambar are always good!I would recommend to anyone who likes Indian flavors- and can be satisfied with a meatless meal (If you can't- then I'm sorry for you.)Super highly reccomended to veggies.  Highly reccomended to anyone that likes Indian.  Superduper highly reccomended to any veggies that like Indian but have never gone Southern!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,9/26/2010,123,50,9,9,9>Ahh~  Still trying to work my way around Columbus looking for some food to satisfy my foodie in me~  So, after doing some research based on reviews by Columbus locals, I decided to check out his highly recommended "deli'-grocery market.  I was actually thrill to see majority of spices, sauces, produces, and meats available here; it was almost just like the ones in Dallas or Plano-Richardson in Texas.  I bought a few kitchen ware items, and the ground coffee for Cafe Sua Da, which I've been looking all over for!!  At the back of the market, they had a very small area with couple of tables but pretty impressive selection of Thai and Vietnamese which all had some flair of Laos and Cambodian flavors incorporated well into it.  I ordered an order of egg-rolls, which were cooked to order and full of flavor.  Next up, we had papaya salad with shrimp; very good, but I think it would have been better if it was more spicy.  The last entree was pork chops with combination.  When the dish came, it had pork chops and rice.... dont' get me wrong, it was still very good and tasty, but we did point out what was wrong with the order.  Apparently, the guy who took the order took i wrong and the lady who we approached to make an attempt to fix what was missing, but misunderstood as we wanted a new order O_O;!!  I had end up taking most of it to go AND HAD TO PAY FOR THE "FIXED ORDER"... thus, we paid for an extra entrees hat we did not order.  However, I felt bad that we seemed like some rude nitpickers T_T  Lesson here?  WHEN ORDERING, MAKE SURE YOU ORDER CLEARLY AND HAVE THE ORDER-TAKER RECIPROCATE YOUR ORDER!! Overall, I really liked this grocery store and the food is yummy; almost like home-cooked meal!!!!!  Thank you for your store and services!! Will be back VERY soon!!!!
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,9/25/2010,260,212,,3,2>Elevator is fun. I come here once a month to have their MBA selection for the month. What is a MBA? It is a Master in Beer Appreciation. Join the program with a simple sign-up of your contact info and receive a card which gets punched every month you get a MBA beer. Finish the "coursework" by getting a full year of the different beers that they brew. Then you get a huge mug that you can bring in to fill for the same price as a regular beer. AND THEN...you can pursue their PHD (Professor of Hearty Drinking) for more cool beers and to get more cool stuff! What an awesome concept!Food is expensive so come for happy hour which ends at 7PM. And if you don't like beer, I wouldn't recommend this place unless you are planning to get their rock filet which I hear is amazing.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,9/24/2010,8,41,,4,4>I would give this place 3 stars, but I just can't bring myself to give 3 stars to a farmer's market.  Maybe in 5 years, when they've successfully taken over the grocery market, but now... when they're so fledgling?  I just can't do it.  So, why the trepidation?  The Clintonville Farmer's market is within easy walking distance of my house.  I got some asparagus there yesterday that changed my life (sort of).  My boyfriend got the most amazing cream puff, we bought an expensive but nice loaf of bread (I could make that!), and I picked up a few greenhouse tomatoes.  I felt good about myself.  My issue with the Clintonville Farmer's market is that it's a little light on the FARM.  Yeah, there's bread and cream puffs and cheese and snowville creamery milk, but I want vegetables.  Yeah, it's barely May, but I've been there a fair amount last summer, and the produce is just... lacking.  There are probably 4 or 5 consistent stands.  At the Worthington Market, up the road, you can find so much more!  In any case, this place will do in a pinch.... like when I'm feel like walking to the market.... but when I'm really after a good produce haul, I just have to head to Worthington, which is really the most incredible place.  And, in spite of it being in Worthington, I feel like the stuff there is cheaper.  I don't think it opens until mid May, but I'll be there because,  sorry Clintonville, you're the second best.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,9/22/2010,86,961,2,9,4>As an Asian transplanted from my hometown in California, I was disappointed by the fact that I would no longer be surrounded by delicious boba shops or pho restaurants on almost every single block in town. However, CAM is one of a few nice Asian places in Columbus that makes life a little bit better. Over the past two months, I've been here 3 times. They have plenty of typical Chinese vegetables and meat, although this place is probably 10x smaller than the size of a typical Asian market in CA. Still, it's enough to suffice for me, as my recent visit was just some cilantro, onions, ramen, steamed rice, jasmine rice, and assorted pre-made Chinese dishes from their shop inside (pork egg rolls, pork and shrimp spring rolls, bbq pork, strawberry cake rolls, and jellyfish, yum).Definitely try out some of those dishes, as well as their ramen (I have 10-12 pouches of Mi Goreng sitting in my kitchen cabinet). At least now I have some semi-authentic Chinese food to eat, amidst my frequent trips to Skillet, Northstar, and what not.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,9/21/2010,14,6,2,4,4>I heard about this restaurant from some folks who said it was the best Chinese food they had ever had. I would tend to agree, and even more that this establishment is a hidden gem. It is located in a strip mall which would lead one to doom the place to mediocrity before going in. To the contrary, I was surprised to see that it wasn't your standard hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant. This was, in fact, a high-end full service restaurant. We were seated, wine glasses filled with ice water and our order taken. There is a full bar available to those who desire it, with a large flat-screen television showing sporting events. The menu includes Chinese and Thai dishes, and the prices match the ambiance of the dining area. The decor is ethnic yet modern and tasteful. The appetizers we enjoyed were the Sesame Noodles and the Crab Rangoon. The Crab Rangoon could have had a little more filling but otherwise the appetizers were excellent. Main courses enjoyed were General Tso's and Crispy Orange Chicken. Both were absolutely fantastic. Good quality chicken and vibrant flavors included in both. The wait staff was incredibly friendly and jovial throughout our dining experience. There was so much food we couldn't get close to finishing it! Our waiter brought boxes over to our table and boxed the dishes up for us. Wonderful experience - will definitely be back again!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,9/20/2010,100,132,2,4,2>Back when I used to be in Columbus full time (okay only a year ago) we'd always get a group to go to La Fogata for "Margarita Mondays" (just $1.99).We'd invariably start with a table of three... and then gradually grow to a table of twelve. I recall one night after this happened, our waitress threw her hands in the air and shouted "*#*%& it, I quit!" She was kidding (I saw her there on subsequent visits). But seriously. Great patio. I like the margaritas. No, they might not be "the perfect margarita" but they have interesting flavors (blood orange, mango, pomegranate, desert pear, etc) that aren't overly sweet.  Plus, they're a perfect size. It's not a tiny tumbler, and you're not drinking out of a fishbowl. Just right.As far as the food goes, for me it's very limited as a vegan. My guy and I had taken to getting the create your own plate option with two burritos. They did a good job of veganizing the dish - can't have the rice though (chicken stock). The food is good, filling, but really nothing super spectacular.I'm giving La Fogata the four stars based on the overall picture. It's a fun place, great service, yummy drinks, awesome patio... Cannot wait until I'm back in town on Monday (in two weeks!), you'll definitely see me down there!!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,9/19/2010,1214,553,5,5,4>I need to start this review right:  I am a dumb-ass.  Why am I a dumb-ass?  I'll get to that later.  So, after a week of noshing on salads, the mister and I wanted pizza tonight.  He suggested Hound Dog's, but I just wasn't feelin' it.  I hopped onto Yelp and found a glowing review of Clever Crow by the lovely Melanie B.  And off to Clever Crow we went!I got to the register to pay, and my heart sank at the sight of the pizza; it was tiny!  I mean really tiny.  I got in the car and told the mister to drive to Da Levee to get some half plates to supplement our miniscule pizza.  We finally got home with both meals, and that's when I discovered that I'm a dumb-ass.  We split our pizza three ways (two slices each), and I couldn't even finish mine.  That damn pizza was so deceiving.  It was an amazing cornmeal crust topped with sweet corn, peppers, house-made sausage, and other deliciousness.  It was so dense and full of toppings; I dare somebody to eat more than two slices!And what happened to our food from Da Levee?  This dumb-ass will be having it for lunch tomorrow.  TIP:  Clever Crow's menu is on their Facebook page, but it's kinda hidden.  Click on the "notes" tab!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,9/18/2010,219,113,,5,4>This coffee shop off of Scioto Darby is a great addition to Hilliard.  It's an independent coffee shop that supports independent coffee roasters and independent artists.  A mere Starbucks would not have the same community involvement that New Grounds has.  Additionally, New Grounds is one of the few drive-thru accessible coffee shops in Columbus. What's more, the espresso machine is legit and the barrista has pulled a great shot each time.  I've ordered espresso drinks multiple times there, and the lattes are consistent, with a synchronized process that all barristas have seemed to learned properly.  Good location, great coffee, incredible community support!
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,9/17/2010,67,288,12,9,7>Let's get this out of the way up front.  This place looks like a crap hole.  You're not going to be convinced you should go inside, and that's if you manage to find it at all.  It's tucked away in a tiny strip mall with a sign that doesn't direct you in so much as give you a Sherlock Holmes worthy clue that you've found the right place.  But you have.Because this pizza is good.  This pizza is REALLY good.  Especially if you get the giant pizza that costs about 22 dollars and can easily feed a family of 10.  I'm not teasing you with this either.  We buy the giant for every family  gathering and we've yet to finish it off, even with more males than females.As seems to be the case with my favorite pizza places, Portofino's only takes cash.  Also, once the owner tried to give me a kitten.  That doesn't really fit in anywhere else but I felt like it was worth mentioning.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,9/16/2010,102,111,3,5,3>This place is definitely not closed!JaVa's Cyber Espresso Bar is a wonderful addition to the meager coffee shop scene in Gahanna and ranks as my current favorite.  JaVa's serves Crimson cup, which I've mentioned before is one of the best (and local!) coffees.  The menu at JaVa's is fairly standard as far as coffee shops go, but it's the Crimson Cup that takes this place to the next level.JaVa's is hidden away in a semi-strip mall amongst a skin care clinic, a funeral home, and some random offices, but from the inside, you'd never guess.  The decorations give the place a good vibe, and the owners and employees only add to the ambiance with friendliness and good natured chat.JaVa's is probably the largest of the non-chain coffee shops in Gahanna, so you never feel like your physical personal space is being invaded.  The only complaint I have is that it can be a bit echoey, and with louder customers it still _feels_ like you're sitting right next to them--You can hear every detail of their conversation no matter where they sit!An interesting difference between JaVa's and the other coffee places around is the "Cyber" part--There are 4 computers available for use at per-minute rates.  While most people bring in their laptops, one extremely convenient thing I noticed is that they also have a printer available.  Awesome.Free wifi: Check.  Comfy seats: Check.  Friendly and attentive baristas: check and check.  Head to JaVa's for a wonderful coffee experience, and if you see a guy sitting on a comfy chair and working feverishly on his laptop, be sure to say hi!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2010,9/15/2010,17,33,4,6,5>The Ukraine Brain, Roko and I were out on a mission to get something for the 'brain at Wasserstrom's.  Ultimately, it was a failed mission, but we didn't want that to impact our ability to consume food.  The 'brain and I are both on ketogenic diets (Atkins, lo carb, whatever you want to call it), which is hell for two guys that consider themselves to be gourmands, and puts a bit of extra strain on figuring out lunch spots.Roko had heard that Wildflower was really good, and a quick check of mobile Yelp confirmed that it had a high rating.  So off we went for lunchtime adventure.I had the Tex-Mex omelet, the 'brain had the salmon omelet, and Roko got the special - Athens County Style Noodles.  All three dishes were served without much fanfare, no fancy plating of the food, just straight-up comestibles. The special that Roko got looked good and filling.  The salmon omelet for the 'brain came out looking more like scrambled eggs with salmon in it, and there wasn't much to it, at that.  The Tex-Mex was solid and good, but seemed a little lonely on the plate.Overall, I think we all left satisfied and did so for less than a ten-spot each.  Can't beat that, can you?A couple things that I really need to comment on:- Lack of taking credit cards.  There is an ATM onsite, but with a $3 fee, that adds a healthy premium to the cost of a cheap lunch.  I understand that the transaction fees and discounts can be difficult for a small restaurant, but in this day and age, taking plastic is a requirement.- The waitresses:  simply put, they were all wonderful.  Each had a personality, and genuinely seemed to want to interact with the customers.  That goes a long way to making for a good lunch.If you're in the Clintonville area, I would definitely give Wildflower a consideration.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,9/14/2010,13,59,2,3,3>I've been going to Ten Pin Alley since it was called Northwest Lanes.  Without revealing my age, let's say I remember when it was just a bowling alley in the middle of a large field...nothing like today.Ten Pin has about 2 dozen lanes along with a party room, bar, and patio.  They also host a volleyball league with several sand courts outside.  There is plenty of seating on either nice, although worn, couches or numerous bar tables.  The equipment is pretty modern with touch screen panels and overhead displays.Prices are very reasonable (we recently caught a great deal on Groupon.)  Weekend nights can be a little packed, but any other time you should have no problem walking in.  The food is good and they have a decent drink selection.  Cheese fries are highly recommended.We held my son's birthday party which was around $15 a child.  That included 2 games of bowling, pizza, drinks, cake & ice cream, and use of their party room.  Pretty good deal I thought.As I mentioned, the Ten Pin has been in Hilliard a l-o-n-g time.  My only hesitancy in giving 5 stars is that does look and feel a little run down.  However, they are working on renovations which once complete I hope  freshen up the atmosphere.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,9/13/2010,61,59,4,6,7>I love graveyards, yes I'm that creepy. I come here because I have 3 friends planted here. One died when he jumped off a campus roof thinking he could fly, the other in a head on collision, in a 69 Camaro ss, with a tree on dark, deserted Rock Mill Rd and the last one of honest-to-goodness old age. I also take pictures of graveyard statuary and this is a good place for that.This is a peaceful place to sit and reconnect with myself and bask in the gentle quiet of the dearly departed. I sometimes come here to write. There is something about graveyards that helps with introspection. It is a gently sloping and profusely treed yard, very neat and ordered, and when the eveing sun slants throught the trees it is quite beautiful in a Phantasm kind of way. (wait...do I hear the whine of...THE BALL, muwahahahahaha...)
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2010,9/12/2010,78,138,2,3,4>I can't believe I haven't written a review of Benito's!The number one thing you need to know: The owner, server, and chef, Liz, is hilarious and awesome.Benito's is located, literally, in a back alley in Old Hilliard.  They serve pizza items, some sandwiches, and some italian dishes.  This is one of those places we found quite by accident one day.  We liked it so much we return frequently.  There is a small bar with one or two tables inside, but this isn't a place I'd come for the ambiance and charm.The outdoor seating is where it's at -- the view is not much to look at, but there is something peaceful about the lack of traffic, inside the restaurant, and out.  Enjoy some cold drinks (Liz has a full bar inside), and order some food.Get the Dunca's, they are amazing.  Basically, fried pizza dough served with sauce.  The calzones and sub sandwiches are also good.This will take some time, so this is definitely a place to go when you have it to spare.  The name of the game is a relaxing, slow-pace, or no-pace evening.  Enjoy it!The selection isn't large in terms of menu items, and the service isn't fast (most times, Liz is a one-woman show), so don't go here looking for these things.  Know what you're looking for and enjoy the experience, such as it is, and you'll likely be a happy camper.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,9/10/2010,68,133,15,10,9>Whew.Pardon me if I'm a little out of breath, or a little "verklempt" as Linda Richman would say, as I'm still basking in the post-coital bliss of my last meal from the Gyro Shoppe, and in particular, the utterly orgasmic walnut baklava. The only words I can possibly find to describe this baklava are PURE and SEX. And I mean "pure" as in not pure at all. It's the filthiest, sluttiest, guiltiest thing I've put in my mouth outside of Las Vegas. If your eyes don't roll back into your head, and your toes don't simultaneously curl after eating a piece of this baklava, I'd recommend an intervention of some sort. It is sex wrapped in phyllo dough and lubed with honey.There are other flavors available, but trust me, go with the walnut. One piece is an astoundingly cheap $1.75. As for the rest of the food, I have sworn by their standard gyro, fries, and drink combo since I was a wee high school lad driving to the original Henderson Road location during study halls. The gyro meat seems to be richer and spicier (pepperier?) than other gyros in Columbus. The fries have already been touched upon by other reviewers, but they really are amazing. They are hand-cut and fried to perfection. I also recommend taking advantage of the complimentary seasoned salt. (The owner always says it's special "Greek seasoning" but it's really just seasoned salt.)Sidenote - Five Guys and Graffiti Burger would do well to take a lesson from Gyro Shoppe on how to properly cook their fries and avoid instant sogginess. Two pounds of soggy fries in a paper bag = FAIL. Everything is ridiculously cheap for the high quality you are getting - the regular gyro combo is $5.50, and the mini gyro combo is even less than that. My wife and I were able to have lunch (complete with sexlava!) for $15. Where else can you get a deal like that??I'm stoked about this Dublin location, as I never have any reason to be in the Henderson Road corridor. I wish it all the success of its big brother. The restaurant is a little off the beaten path, and I don't think they have a sign other than a small, plastic sign out by the road (Woerner Temple), so you may have to search a little to find it. (You might also have to avoid having your rear bumper taken off by a housewife driving a minivan as you turn into the driveway, but that's a totally different story.)Highly recommended (and be sure to bring extra undies, especially if you're getting dessert!)
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,9/9/2010,182,928,,5,2>Came here for dinner toniight and I'm not sure how I missed it earlier.  It's a very nice restaurant, although I was only in the front half.  And it was strange too.  I'm not used to going through a waiter to order.  Normally I just give my order directly to one of the sushi chefs.  But they had no interest in talking to me so I gave my orders to the waiter.So, my first roll was the Spicy Tuna/Avocado roll.  And this one was probably my best pick of the evening even though it was 50% off because of happy hour.My next roll was the Sushi En roll which was very good also.  And finally I had the Ultimate Tuna which was the most expensive but very worthwhile.With all the discounts my bill came to $26, which was a pretty good deal in my opinon.And oh, this is especially a good deal for those of you who like to dine a little early.  They don't shut down between lunch and dinner.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,9/8/2010,62,132,6,2,3>I've been to the Pho House on three occasions now, and let me tell you how GREAT it is to get Pho from a drive thru. It's pretty much "pho-king" awesome.The Pho is perfect with all the fixins'. They don't skimp on the cilantro, basil, sprouts, limes and jalepenos. The broth is seasoned to perfection. Each visit, I looked at the bowl and swore half of it would go home with me to become another meal. However, before I knew it...the bowl was tipped up over my face and I was finishing off the broth. Whoops...so much for leftovers!My boyfriend is a fan of the Pad Thai. It is a HUGE dish---perfect for sharing or for leftovers. I will definitely get that next time, he was nice enough to let me take a few bites. Yum!Prices are very reasonable...perhaps it's because the building was once a Taco Bell? If you are in need to some great and quick food at a good price---stop in. You will not regret it.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2010,9/7/2010,172,99,2,3,2>Went here today for lunch with my sister and mom.  The staff was pretty friendly and sat us right away.  We ordered the honey mustard chicken hot pot and chicken lo mein. We had never tried a hot pot so we wanted to try something new.  The food came out fast and the lo mein was very flavorful compared to other Chinese restaurants.  As for the honey mustard chicken, the sauce was as if they just poured that hot mustard all over it that Chinese restaurants have on the table.  Along with the chicken in the pot was rice, broccoli and a little crispy veggie spring roll that was good. On the other hand, the sauce was very over powering/strong.  With some sweet and sour and soy on the table, I was able to make it somewhat edible.  I wouldn't order it again.  We were in a bit of a hurry and they were very accommodating.  We let them know that we didn't really care for the sauce and they said to let them know next time.  We probably will go back, but not any time soon (isn't not really close to where we live, we were just in the area).  They do have a punch card for lunch/dinner; buy 9 lunch dishes get one free, buy 9 dinner dishes get one free.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,9/6/2010,185,387,2,7,5>So... I walk in here and it's like "look at all these books! And movies! And they let me take them HOME?!??!!.... FOR FREE????"Obviously it's been a long time since I've been in a library other than the law library.UA Libraries are awesome. I can't believe such a relatively tiny suburb has three branches with such extensive services. When I walked in to find some study space earlier this summer, I was shocked to see how many people seemed to be teaming about. I was under the misconception that people didn't use libraries anymore, but the main branch was thriving. There also seemed to be a lot of events going on for all different age groups. An active community calendar was so refreshing to see.So, I signed up for a library card. I had one in the past (I'm just now moving back to UA after 9 years, but I grew up here), but this time it was all done from an automated computer portal. It was easy to use, and getting my card was speedy. A few days later, I had a handwritten note in the mail (postal mail!) from a librarian welcoming me to the library. How cute! They also send very helpful (and for me, necessary) reminder emails letting you know when things are coming due. I really can't say enough about UAPL.Also, audiobooks. They make driving long distances fun again. I'm hooked! Both the Tremont and Lane branches have HUGE selections.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,9/5/2010,114,521,,7,5>My experience with Camelot Cellars is a bit odd, because I've never actually gone there to drink wine - I went there to make wine.After a friend recommended their "make your own wine" service, I went in and asked about the various types of wine that could be made. After a few small taste tests from bottles they had available, I settled on making a batch of green apple Riesling. I paid the fee for the wine starter, bottles, and supplies (about $150), washed up, and the staff showed me each step of the process, then stepped away to let me do the work. Creating my first batch of wine took about an hour to get the batch started, then Camelot took my fermenting bucket and stored it on-site. They moved the wine into a larger carboy when it was appropriate, then called me a few months later when the wine was ready to bottle. In the mean time, I created my own custom label and sent them the image files, and they printed the labels for me. Once I returned to bottle, they showed me how to properly clean and prepare my bottles, how to use the bottling equipment to decant the wine into each bottle, corking, and sealing each bottle with a foil cap. When all was said and done, I had 30 bottles of wine that I was able to give as gifts that year (minus a few that I kept for myself!)Since then I've been back to make two more batches of wine, and each time it's been a very enjoyable experience. I highly recommend it!
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,9/4/2010,55,358,2,4,4>Same spot as Late Night Slice, but now transforms during the day into Captain Cream Cheese where it's all about bagels. I tried the most expensive item on the menu, The Big Italian, for $3.75 with a roasted garlic and chive cream cheese spread. My oh my. I wasn't much of a bagel person before, but after having a freshly made one I quickly became a fan; the dough had a good satisfying crunch on the outside and an airy doughy inside along with some spices and spicy sweet peppers which were baked into the dough. For dessert I tried a plain bagel with peanut butter and honey and was also favorably impressed. The atmosphere is fun and casual, which is similar to what you'd expect being in the same shack as Late Night Slice. With the dearth of inexpensive dining options in the Short North, Captain Cream Cheese is a welcome addition and it tastes damn good.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,9/3/2010,51,82,,5,3>WOW! Da Levee has been on my radar for a while now I just haven't had the chance to make it down there. Well this weekend I was able to make it down with my friend Mandy for lunch. We were both blown away. After sampling most the menu we made our choice. She got the 1/2 & 1/2 of the two vegetarian options and I went with a 1/2 & 1/2 with the Italiano and cheesy chicken & chili. Food was quick and service was amazing. Both of our meals came over rice with a side of amazing bread. Next time I make it down there I'll be sure to get my meal "loaded". Do yourself a favor and go here soon, like NOW! Oh and add them on Facebook to see what they are serving since the menu changes. Oh and they don't take credit cards right now so make sure you have cash but they did say they are hoping to change that soon.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,9/2/2010,52,33,2,6,6>Officially one of my new favorites, Park Creek Kitchen is the bomb!Much like it's far & away organic & locally grown-serving competitors (ie: 3rd & Hollywood, Northstar, Dragonfly...), this place is simple & fresh, with dishes that are creative & painstakingly memorable.The service was E-X-C-E-L-L-E-N-T! We walked in (30 minutes to close) & got greeted as if we were close family friends, seated within seconds...milliseconds actually, & had a server just as fast! Turns out, our server is the chef's lovely lady, & boy, do they make a great team! We started off with the Golden Calamari: served with green tomato relish & smoked chilies: $8.50. It was dark on the patio, so being blind as I am, I swore this dish had peaches in it, but it turns out that the green tomato relish is just that sweet...with a crazy good kick of hot spice thrown into the mix of calamari. I had to have the Southwest Burger: fried green tomato (I'm a sucker for some good fried green tomatoes), aged cheddar, quillija chili sauce, pickle: $8.00. The burger was cooked to order & larger than life...but how could I forget the Root Vegetable Fries! Still not sure what exactly they are, but seasoned to perfection & mixed in were some sweet potatoes. Hubz opted for the Grilled Prime Rib: candied horseradish jus, signature skillet potatoes: $25.00. Planning our next trip to UA to try the Roasted Farm Chick, Pasta Americana & Crab Cakes...you'll just have to check out their menu for the details!Side note: For now they only serve beer...but the artisan beers similar to what you find at Brazenhead (Great Lakes, Amber Steam, Flying Dog, etc.) but they're working on the wine & liquor...apparently it's a dry precinct there in UA.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2010,9/1/2010,95,91,6,7,2>Okay. I went to this place and it was pretty good. The first thing I liked about it was that it was very clean. It was nicely decorated and not heavy on the ornamentation. A pet peeve of mine is a server that is not aware of the menu and all that is on it. So you know that is the server that i got of course. WHY ME LAWD!!! WHY!!! So anyway, after we got past her not knowing what exactly was in the dishes. I ordered the Chicken Kabobs and some other stuff that came on sticks..Now the Food... I love when I get huge portions of food... Love it.. And these portions were so freaking huge. Like huge.. I work out a lot so protein for me is a must. I loved the lamb and the beef. The chicken was a little under seasoned for me. But it was good. Slightly dry but not too dry... I liked it... don't get me wrong...The apple tea that I hear so much about tasted like hot apple cider... but it was good...
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2009,8/31/2010,129,540,7,4,2>As a student in a Master's of Library Science program, it would be logical to assume that I would thoroughly enjoy visiting and studying in libraries.  If that were correct, then the Old Worthington library would be a delight.  The primary reading room is a beautiful, open area with comfortable chairs, tables, sofas, loveseats, coffee tables, lamps, and a fireplace -- just like a big grand living room lined with bookcases and glorious new books all along the perimeter.  There is free wi-fi, and outlets galore along the floor, under the tables, and even on the lamps.  Therefore, it is excruciatingly ironic that I have no attention span whatsoever for studying in libraries.  Despite arriving at libraries laden with textbooks, my laptop, and plenty of time in which to cram information into my brain, I can't seem to focus on studying in the library.  I am constantly distracted by the flow of patrons in and out of the stacks, glancing over at the book displays, the quiet murmur of librarians answering questions, the very flipping of pages in books and newspapers.  It's so aggravating, especially in such a lovely setting as this library.  I mean, who else do you know who can study in a mall, but not a library?
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,8/30/2010,370,523,5,8,4>Take your next group dining experience to Banana Bean! They did a great job for me and my group as the wedding shower I'd been planning came to fruition this Sunday. I'd been in communication with Robin about the event for a few weeks now, trying to get everything right. Well, of course nothing can be perfect, they forgot our limited menus that were supposed to be printed off, but it did go well and everyone was very happy with their experience! The air conditioning was fixed! They had the upper level of the restaurant set up for our group. There was a re purposed bar up there we were able to put gifts and the cupcakes on. Perfect! And with the way they did the tables there was room to mingle. Our server, Janice was excellent. She communicated with me about how things were going to go and she was well organized. She did everything so we'd all get separate checks and to my knowledge, nothing was screwed up! She had a great attitude and did really well with serving 24 people! The food came out surprisingly fast, orders were correct with the caveat of one side of grits that were missing cheese and everyone enjoyed their food, although I heard the chicken on the chicken and waffles, while homemade, was insanely salty (keep trying BB) (but, even grandma who was worried they'd only have weird stuff liked her entree). I'm really glad i chose Banana Bean to host my event. It gave people a chance to try it out when it's a place that maybe they would never have gone to in the first place. So, I'm in hopes that our friends go back and try it again since they have so much to offer.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,8/29/2010,528,372,11,11,13>Due Amici boasts a modern rustic feel the first second my mom and I stepped inside. A classy atmosphere with an interior design to boot, I was mildly suspicious at the lack of patronage (i.e. being the sole customers) on a Saturday night. We were immediately taken care of by our server -- who remained attentive all throughout the evening -- and daily specials were recited.Disappointingly enough, the starters menu at Due Amici was less than enthralling, which led my mom and I straight to the entrees instead, where many wonderfully sounding dishes were listed. A nice change from the mediocre lineup of appetizers, I must say.For myself, the cioppino was a no-brainer. The plate itself was teeming with fresh shelled molluscs, plump and flavorful shrimp, and tender fish slices all cooked in a tangy tomato broth. The scattered grains of orzo lended a good contrast and chew to the seafood stew.My mother, on the other hand, opted for the Grilled Coffee and Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin after much convincing from yours truly. Being slightly wary of having anything espresso related on my meat, I could sense her hesitance upon ordering. However, the tenderloin itself was served juicy and bursting with a range of spices (and absolutely no detection of an espresso taste whatsoever.) The pine nut-goat cheese barley risotto was generous in serving but light on the creamy department, with the salty undertone of goat cheese providing most of the flavor. Much like the appetizer menu, the dessert menu didn't exactly shine in the way that would lead me to decide between two or three possible options. The one dessert that particularly stood out, however, was the Zeppollis. The five balls of fried dough encased in cinnamon sugar could honestly be the best donuts I've had in a long time. With a slightly crispy exterior but a warm and soft interior, I could have easily inhaled all five as presented, but the accompanying chocolate ganache sealed its deliciousness.Truth be told, I did not walk into Due Amici with high expectations after seeing mixed reviews and the lack of eye-catching menu items. Moreover, I was forewarned of the restaurant's reputation as a place "to be seen" and less so a place to actually enjoy the cooking. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the winning mixture of flavors and ingredients that the chef and the rest of the kitchen staff put out. A highly satisfying meal -- to say the least -- and an eatery I can see myself returning to sometime in the near future as well.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,8/28/2010,134,190,1,6,4>Vegan-friendly, although I would enjoy more vegan options.I've been going to Northstar Cafe in Clintonville since it opened. I can recall sitting in a booth at the Short North location next to employees being trained for their new jobs - pretty impressive. They were learning about the food and beverages by - gasp - actually consuming it and talking about it with a manager. Pretty sweet, informal training, and makes it obvious that they are clearly very much into long-term employee and customer satisfaction. Employees are happy, customers are happy.  Happy customers keep coming back and that's a good thing for any business. I truly believe that Northstar Cafe has intentionally engineered this positive feedback loop into its business model as one of its primary tenets.Did I mention they pay their employees a living wage? Yup. Not minimum wage plus tips, a living wage. How cool is that? Tipping is not encouraged, and yet the service is exceptional! Odd, eh?Then there's the food.Sure, you need to have good employees to take orders, prepare the food and deliver it to your table, but without a winning combination of fresh ingredients and preparation, you'd be sunk. It's hard to describe how yummy this place is, but let me try.1) I call this location "Slaw" and the Short North location "Rice."  This is because you can get this really cool rice at one place and peanut cole slaw at the other.  It's easier to say "Slaw" and "Rice" than "Clintonville" and "Short North," so it's pretty decent shorthand and descriptive. Friends give you funny looks, but that's okay. I don't know what I'll do if they change those two things up but I'll figure something out. The rice is really yummy, for sure, but they don't serve that at the Clintonville location, so let's talk about the slaw. It's super yummy, and varies in consistency depending on the time of day it was made. If it's fresher, it's crisper; if it's less fresh, it's more like the cole slaw everyone knows and loves. So, honestly, it's a win-win, unless you're expecting a very specific crispy-versus-squishy mouthfeel. Did I just use the term "mouthfeel?" Why yes, I did!2) Simple Salad is anything but simple.  A fast-food restaurant? That's a simple salad. Here, the flavors are supreme in the Simple Salad, the variety of lettuce is exceptional, and the dressing is pretty tasty.  All in all, it complements any of the dishes it's served with. My suggestion: bring a friend, order two different meals, with both the slaw and the salad and share.3) Northstar (Veggie) Burger. WHOA! Okay, there's a vegetarian version (cheese, bun), and a vegan version (no cheese, bread). You can tell them apart by looking at them, and having eaten both, I can tell you they are both spectacular!  I can only use the word "spectacular" a few times a month, or a little glowing crystal embedded under my skin starts to glow, so you know when I say that it's spectacular, I mean it! Most places add veggies, condiments and bread to disguise the veggie burger suckage. Not the case with Northstar. These burgers, by themselves, are pretty amazing. Rice-and-veggie-based, made fresh in-house. I think they grill them, because there are grill marks, and taste grilled, which is unlike anything I've ever had in a veggie burger before. They then add a condiment or two, which I can't remember, because I load mine up with Organic Heinz Ketchup (!) and their super special hot sauce. On top of that are the veggies, which are always fresh and crisp. If you're not vegan, you get a slice of melted cheese on the top and a really squishy bun. If you're a vegan, no cheese for you!  Plus, vegans get a special (and tasty) bread instead of a bun. Hint: cut all of your food in half, take some home, and you will be less stuffed when you leave. Seriously. These burgers are huge.4) Sweet potato fries. Get this: freshly-made french fries, made from sweet potatoes, fried with a garnish herb and whole cloves of garlic! Ornamental or not, I eat everything on the plate...so tasty! Did I mention sharing is a good option?5) Chips and salsa. They make their own chips and salsa in-house. Ask for extra salsa if sharing, because they bring out a lot of chips for the full order, and don't forget to yoink a bottle of hot sauce if you like heat. The salsa is 100% mild for people who don't like heat, and the hot sauce helps to kick things up for those who do. Nice!6) Seasonal, Freshly Made Chips. Okay, so here's one complaint I have about this place.  It's not the price but the fact that they only have these chips seasonally (fall/winter). Try them!Parking is better at this location than in the Short North. With at least two signature items at each place, make sure you try both and see which one you like best.All in all, I eat here more frequently than any other place. The register contains a list of all ingredients, so the cashier can help you with dietary requirements.Summary: Awesome! Visit and eat with confidence.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,8/27/2010,183,780,2,4,3>My parents used to joke that when I turned 21 they were going to drop me off at one end of Parsons Avenue and pick me up in the morning at the other end.  Hopefully, if I had been in Columbus for my 21st, I would have ended up at AWOL.  I came here with a friend to Pre-Red, White, and Boom and had a great time!  Their happy hour deals are amazing with me getting 2 gin and tonics for $6.  And that's with the tip.  Cheap booze makes me very happy!  And cheap booze that wasn't watered down makes me even happier!  The bar staff was friendly and even though I stood out like a sore thumb as the token straight at a gay bar, they didn't give me TOO hard a time about it =)  I never would have guessed it, but they have an amazing patio out back!  There were about 3 people inside but when we walked out the back, a crowd of about 30 were enjoying the warm weather with their own waterfall and a cabana bar of their own.  I can definitely see many more happy hours spent here!
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2010,8/26/2010,902,285,9,6,8>There I was, just eating my sandwich on the second floor seating area of North Market, minding my own business and watching (aka silently judging) the crowds.That's when I spotted this damn tray of cupcakes, mocking me with their bright colors and fluffy icing. I threw away my trash and walked downstairs, intending fully to just leave and go back to work... but from the moment I saw those damn cupcakes, I never had a chance.I think I stared + drooled at the different sweets in the case for a good 10 minutes before I was able to make a decision. I left with a chocolate cannoli and a creamhorn.My plan was to eat half of one of these treats when I got back to my office, save the other half for the next day and take one home to my fiancee.Um, they were both devoured within 10 minutes. Oops?
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,8/25/2010,115,228,5,4,3>City BBQ.  Oh, how I love thee.  Let me count the ways.I love your barbecued pork.  I love your barbecued chicken.  I love your brisket.  I love your baked beans with brisket.  I could go on and on.Seriously, though, if you're looking for good, inexpensive barbecue, City BBQ does it right.  I'm from a city that has a festival devoted to barbecue every year, and I secretly think that City BBQ is better than a lot of what I had at home.  (I guess the secret is out, yes?)  They offer platters, which I've occasionally shared with my husband, that have a variety of meat and a couple of sides (but no buns for sandwiches); they also have great sandwiches, and some great sides--highly recommend the baked beans with brisket, fries, or hush puppies.  I haven't tried their veg and I would agree it's probably not fabulous from what I've seen.  The macaroni and cheese is also so-so; it tastes just like your average food service variety.Everyone can't be perfect, right?City BBQ also offers good tea, both sweet and unsweetened.  (Also lemonade, which I assume is fresh as it doesn't come out of the soda machine but one of those dispensers that constantly agitates the beverage.)  If you're from the south, you know the importance of sweet tea.  They also offer a condiment bar for your sandwiches, complete with nice dill pickles (not those wimpy ones), fresh onion, hot peppers.  Each table has a full complement of sauces, sweet, spicy, mustardy, vinegary, et cetera.I've made myself hungry talking about City BBQ--I think it will be a lunch destination very soon.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,8/24/2010,82,150,7,4,6>Ok, lets make this really clear - this is a WHISKEY bar.  So don't give it a bad review because you got a bad margarita.  It just doesn't make sense, people!If you like Whiskey (capital W, thank you), black ,and brooding, you'll love it here.  There's barely a sign out front, and its dark, really dark.  The decor is dark.  The wood is dark.  Its awesome.Also, I really like their food.  I've never had one bad meal here.  The catfish dinner is fantastic.  The service has always been fast, the staff knows whiskey, in and out.  I've been on slow nights and busy nights, with 2 people and 20 people, no difference.  So there.  Now excuse me while I drink whiskey and find something else to brood about...
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,8/21/2010,7,71,4,8,4>Before Pattycake, before Benevolence, before North Star, even before Whole Foods started slinging tofu and busting unions in Austin back in the 80s, there was Whole World.  It's not flashy.  It's not hip.  It's not fast.  It is, however, a Columbus institution.  Back in my vegan days this was my go-to breakfast spot.  Even now that I'm back on team animal-product it's still one of my favorites.  I missed it terribly when it was closed by the fire.  (Am I the only one who secretly hoped that the mural had been destroyed?)With a few exceptions, everything I've ever had here has been good.  Things are rarely great, though there are some exceptions there, too.  The vegan sausage is definitely something I'll pass on, but the red lentil burger I had tonight was in the same league as the now-legendary Northstar burger.  As a bakery Whole World holds its own, too.  Many of the desserts here are as good as some of the stuff at Pattycake (though I'm not sure they're ALL necessarily vegan) and, frankly, I trust the folks at Whole World to put good stuff into my body  just  a little bit more than I trust Pattycake (vegan does not equal healthy), though I've never done any real label comparisons to confirm that.  The bread is awesome and before the fire they used to sell it by the loaf, but tonight the young woman working the front of the house wasn't sure if they were going to start doing that again.  If you're an omnivore-supremacist Whole World definitely isn't going to please you.  But if you're okay with a meatless meal, are in the mood for something healthy, and willing to take a gamble on slow service, Whole World rarely disappoints.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,8/20/2010,10,53,7,18,3>The Apartments: There are two distinct apartment options at Olentangy Village (OV), the Village portion was built in 1937, and has few modern amenities, though it does have its benefits. The other option includes the identical River and the Ravine complexes - buildings constructed within the last few decades and with all the modern amenities one would expect. I'll now give a rundown of what you can expect if living in the Village and if living in the River/Ravine:- The Village: tall ceilings, hardwood floors, large windows in every room, and lower rent. Those are the central benefits of the Village apartments. I live in a one-bedroom, 715 square foot Village apartment. There is an entry foyer with two closets, a small, full bathroom (with some of the BEST water pressure I've ever encountered!), a VERY small kitchen (sans dishwasher or garbage disposal, and with a small stove), a large bedroom (w/ a small closet), and a reasonably large living/dining room. My apartment offers plenty of comfortable space. The big cons are: no air conditioning, the small kitchen, no laundry machines in the unit and the inability to directly control the heat of the apartment (as the steam heat can only be adjusted by playing with valves on the radiators, which is an imprecise science, to say they least). All in all I like my apartment, and especially for the price ($605 a month). And there lies the Villages primary advantage: it's cheap! - The River/Ravine: modern amenities - Central air and heat, modern, large (by comparison) kitchens (with dishwasher!) and bathrooms, larger closets, carpeted floors, standard height ceilings, elevators, and closer parking-lot parking. The downside to these apartments are the higher prices, and the lack of the distinct character that comes with the Village apartments. - Choosing between the two: I chose the Village for two main reasons: the lower price and the character of the apartment. I love the hardwood floors, tall ceilings, and old brick buildings.The Amenities:  a fitness center and pool serve all OV residents (both Village and River/Ravine). The fitness center is very small (think: maybe 3x the size of a small home gym). The pool is great. It's well maintained and large, and rarely overcrowded. OV attracts a crowd of grad students and young professionals, so there aren't as many kids infesting the pool compared to other complexes around town that tend to draw more families. The laundry facilities are in the basements. There are relatively few machines serving a large number of tenants, but there is a laundromat next to the leasing office that offers plenty of machines when the OV facilities are occupied. OV has direct access to the Olentangy Bike Trail, which is quite nice. There is also a stone terrace that overlooks a ravine, a community room with a kitchen, and a park on the river with built in tables and charcoal grills. The Service: my interaction with the OV staff has been quite positive. The maintenance workers are quick to respond, and 24/7 emergency maintenance is available, as is 24/7 lockout service. The workers in the leasing office have also been helpful when I have needed their assistance. The Location: in my mind, this is OV's greatest asset. It's located in South Clintonville right on High St. Within walking distance are restaurants (Aladdin's, Mama Mimi's, Giorgio's, Denice's Ice Cream, Sage Bistro, Mozart's, Hounddog's Pizza, Cup O Joe and Pattycake Bakery), bars (Brewstirs, O'Reilly's, Patrick J's, Ravari Room), stores (Giant Eagle, Clintonville Outfitters, Bike Source, several Asian markets, several barber shops/salons, and lots of smaller specialty stores), and other amenities (post office, florist, gas stations, vets, optometrists, etc.). In short, you can walk to TONS of places in a few minutes or less. Being right on High St., Worthington, OSU Campus, the Short North, Downtown and German Village are a short bus ride, 5-10 minute drive, or 30 min. - hour walk away. You're right in the middle of everything, but set back a bit off of High St. amidst some green space and backing up to the Olentangy River, meaning it feels less like living in the hustle/bustle of High St., and more like living within a small neighborhood. The Neighbors: young professionals, grad students and older folks. I can't imagine an apartment complex in Columbus has a better collection of neighbors.The Price: The Village runs from $590-790. The River/Ravine run from $719-1,419. Overall, very reasonable prices for the amenities and the area. NOTE: you must have an income of $35,000+ to rent here, or you must have a consignor who meets this requirement. You must also obtain resident liability insurance. Overall: I love living at Olentangy Village. The price is right, the apartment is nice, the location is PRIME, the service is great, and the pool is lovely! There's a unit/price for any taste, and the leasing office employees are great at finding one right for you.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,8/19/2010,44,55,3,2,2>I have stopped by Little Palace twice since they re-opened under new management. The first night I went for a couple drinks and a small bite to eat... I had an anti-pasta plate... it was ok... nothing special.. Don't get me wrong... I ate the whole thing. Anyway, my friend ordered the pizza... It looked pretty good.  I am looking forward to trying more menu items next time I go back. I liked the atmosphere... It has hints of the Rossi and 185, but, it is definitely unique. It has an LA late night diner feel. The only complaint I have is the bathroom situation.... The ladies room is a single... I don't know about the men's room, but, when this bar gets crowded... the bathroom wait is going to be a problem. The drinks and food are inexpensive and from what I can tell... pretty good... I think Little Palace is a great addition to the area... I love having more bars and late night food options close to German Village... Keep them coming. Side note: There was a homeless man harrassing people on the street and standing in the window making gestures to our table the entire time we were there... It was kind of creepy and really hard to ignor.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,8/18/2010,50,114,,5,3>This actually would probably deserve 3.5 stars based on our recent visit. We have been to this theatre a several times since it reopened. The renovations look great; although I am pretty sure not complete yet.What makes this 3.5 instead of 4? Two things:1. Movie rotation: I have no idea what the requirement is for theatres, I think if it is a new movie they have to run it for a few weeks, but I am not sure. But, the movies here just stay too long, around Christmas time there were 3 or 4 movies in a row that we just did not care to see, but those 3 or 4 movies actually took forever to rotate through screenings. Even if we had wanted to see them, we would have to wait a few weeks for a new one.) It would be better if they could model their showings similar to Studio 35, a couple movies going at the same time, with the main attraction, staying a little more than a week on average. Even if the movies are slightly "older", I will wait to watch a new release if that means being able to support the local movie theatre. 2. I am sure this was only a once time occurrence, but this past weekend, while watching "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo", a subtitled movie, an older lady had to recite every line of the movie to her husband sitting next to her because he couldn't read the subtitles. I didn't complain, I know everyone around us felt guilty about the situation, but in an intense movie, it kills the flow and drama, hearing the words repeated from someone behind you. One of the owners was sitting in the back row, so I know he heard them. Again, I feel bad because I think they should be enjoy the movie, but, it was liking having someone talking on their cell phone the entire film, perhaps they could have moved closer, instead of sitting in the second to last row, or some other option that escaping me right now.Really enjoy going here, and love to go when there is something we want to see, just wish we could go more often. Super friendly service and they also serve beer and wine now!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2010,8/17/2010,65,147,10,5,7>Oh Axis. I'm not sure what's happened to you, but you've changed. I used to frequent Axis a whole lot before I was 21. I danced around with some beautiful men and never once did I get bothered or hit on or pursued. It was like straight-girl-with-a-boyfriend heaven for me. I finally went back to Axis after a 3 year hiatus and it seems that my reasoning has caught on. I would say that the make-up of the club when I went was 50% gay men, 40% straight women and 10% creepy as hell straight guys.  As for all of the women, can't quite blame you. As for the straight dudes who go to Axis trying to pick up women? SHAME ON YOU. I constantly had to pull my 18 year old friend away last night from a couple of guys saying "No, no, see how he refuses to dance with the other men? He keeps dancing with the groups of women." Now Axis can't, and shouldn't discriminate letting anyone into the club, but here's a memo to straight guys: Do not go here to pick up chicks. We came here for some good eye candy and not to bothered by straight men trying to hump our leg. Go to Brothers.That being said, the music was fun and inviting and the people that work there were extremely nice. Also, the price is right. $5 covers ain't nuthin. I was just a little disappointed with the experience as a whole.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,8/16/2010,156,314,11,10,9>I feel about Dirty Franks how the first prophets must have felt trying to write about being Touched by the Divine. Words are Profanity, a corruption of True Thought, a product of that detestable beast, Man. To encapsulate the divine in the prosaic quasimatter of language is to pervert it.But alas, so goes Dirty Frank's because while it may be the closest thing to a church I go to, and while it may very well be steeped in The Spirit, it is after all just a modest hot dog joint slash bar that just happens to be probably the best restaurant in the world.I mention Dirty Frank's to basically anyone who will listen. When friends visit from afar, the first place I take them in Columbus is Dirty Frank's- sometimes even before I let them step foot in my home. When I don't know what to eat, I go to Dirty Frank's, and when I know what I want to eat, it's often Dirty Frank's. I have tried a LOT of their dogs and not a single one has raised a single qualm for me EXCEPT perhaps, that it is not three times larger and stapled to a $20 bill. But I suppose realistically, this is a roster of creative, delicious, wallet-saavy hot dogs that show Columbus quirk, Ohio charm, and food nirvana. BUT WAIT! THERE'S MORE!Hot dogs are, of course, wicked good. We know this. But did you know Dirty Frank's has the BEST. BEST. BEST. tater tots pretty much ever? They make you cry like a shamed dog for ever thinking those soggy, crumbly pasty things of elementary school were delicious. THESE are tater tots the likes of which Sonic marketing execs must stay blissfully ignorant to stave off a certain fate of suicide.Add in the big plates like chili mac and the Octodog and sides like the aforementioned tots, GREAT onion rings, and fried leeks (mmmm), and you have a deep-fried comfort-food "gourmet-"hot dog meal fit for not only a king, but fit also for the divine spirit that came down from heaven to invest in that king the proper authority to own thousands of human beings as feudal property. No, this is not hyperbole people. I'm being modest.Then there's the full bar, the great drinks with names that are just goofy enough to go past awful into truly, credibly, funnycool, the FUNNEL CAKE FRIES, the fact that they only play local music, the Frost-Top Root Beer on TAP, the great art from Liz Lessner's brother on the walls, the tiny-bar atmosphere, the lively crowd, the good-lookin', straight-shootin' waitstaff, etc. etc. and you have THE destination in Columbus for everything I should ever, for legal reasons, admit to needing or wanting.And THEN, and THEN my friends, I can mention Dirtyoke, the Costume Karaoke EXTRAVAGANZA that KJ Dirtyoke throws every Monday starting at, what, 9pm or so. It's always a blast, it draws a fairly stable cast of great regulars, and it's the lamb's titties in general. You should probably go this Monday because you don't want to be a lame clown weiner.So, yeah, I like Dirty Frank's. The entire place is the heroin that calms the little William S. Burroughs in my stomach. Where's the six-star review option?! I promise to only use it once, and only here.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,8/15/2010,99,131,4,5,5>Working down the street I have visited here a few times. I always get the Crunchy Peanut-butter, honey and banana sandwich with the buckeye milkshake. Always wonderful, always lip smacking! The only reason I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because every time I ask them to put butter on the sandwich and every time that tell me, we don't have butter. I then ask myself "Hello peanut-BUTTER, how do you not have butter laying around?" For those of you who have not had a peanut-butter, butter, and honey sandwich you are missing out! Go ahead and try it and then get back to me.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2009,8/13/2010,283,220,8,11,9>Call me a slow learner but...When I was in high school I thought Skully's was the coolest diner ever with their giant flaming marlin on the wall and leopard print bar. (Even though they kicked me out at 10pm for being underage)When I started college I thought Skully's was the best grab-a-drink bar ever with their ladies' 80s nights and awesome drink specials. (Plus they no longer kicked me out, regardless of age. Yay!)When I got to my third year of college I realized Skully's has a HUGE room in the back and is a great place to dance and party with other "normals" (read: those who like to dance but are not part of your typical club scene)When I got into my last year of college I realized Skully's has some pretty decent shows there too. (Alllll ranges of music for all kinds of people. How did I miss this before?!?)When I graduated college I realized behind the big dance room there is a sweet patio. (Perfect for summer nights... ahhh)When I left Ohio, I realized I really missed this place. Skully's is a Columbus staple and a Thursday night tradition. It's a shame it took me so long to realize Skully's full potential!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,8/12/2010,12,168,5,5,3>Something inconceivable and dare I say miraculous has happened at the Bier Stube.  A middle aged father has undertaken to reopen the kitchen, producing remarkable chili dogs and pizzas for the unwashed mashes.  What drove him to such madness, the world may never know.  Actually, you can just ask him.  He is chatty and approachable.  Let me know what you find out, because I can never remember to bring up any subject other than the truly excellent food he is turning out.  At the Bier Stube.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,8/11/2010,160,933,5,4,4>Finally got a chance to eat at this place and it was great!I got a chorizo burrito, paired with a bottle of guava jarritos (furthering my quest in tasting every one of the varieties of jarritos). the food stayed nice and hot through my 5 minute drive home, and man was that a good burrito.The ingredients were all fresh, the chorizo itself was rather dry, but I think that's because it wasn't as fatty as other chorizo I've had before.Price for the aforementioned meal? $6.50. Subway can shove their five dollar footlong, I'd rather have a burrito like this anyday.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2009,8/10/2010,25,48,,9,6>What? This place only has one other review? I can't believe this people. I come here less often than I want to, because I'm married to a vegetarian. Anyhow, my friend introduced me to this place and we have since had Persian at the famed restaurant Reza in Chicago, our conclusion, Jeddo in Columbus is better. The prices are great, the Doogh is delicious (sour yogurt drink), help-yourself-bergamot-tea hits the spot after a serious kabbob session. Another favorite here is the rice, it's cooked with milk and you get these scrumptious bottom-of-the-pot pieces that has the texture of cake called Tadegh. But I left the best for last, the owner is a voluble, much traveled polyglot Persian that will regale you with his exploits if you go late. Can't wait to go there again.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,8/9/2010,22,28,2,7,3>Lola's has to be my favorite Italian restaurant in the city.  Let's start with the service...  The owners, Lola and Joe, are always friendly.  The greet each guest at their tables, and even get to know their customers by name.  The rest of the staff are friendly, outgoing, and provide excellent service.Now to the food....  We've been to Lola's many times and feel it's got to be one of Columbus' best kept secrets.  Everything is delicious, creative, and just the right size.  Of particular note is the garlic bread, Lola's salad, the onion soup, and any special she's running.  The wine selection is small, but all options are good and moderately priced.  Also, Lola makes the most amazing desserts...  Save room....  You won't be sorry!
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,8/8/2010,884,714,3,4,2>I have a friend who loves Oodles, which is right next door to Spinelli's.  I would always look at this place with curiosity when we went to Oodles. Today another good friend of mine suggested it for lunch, and boy am I glad she did!First off, the variety on the menu is GREAT. It's very large, but not so large as to be overwhelming or confusing.  They offer breakfast sandwiches, pancakes, bagels and the like (served all day), soups, pizzas, pastas, sandwiches, and paninis. I hope I'm not forgetting anything, but I very well could be.  Of course, there are sides like pasta salad, potato salad as well.  I had the three-cheese and tomato panini, which was really more of a "gourmet" grilled cheese. Offered for a low sum of $4.99, the panini is supposedly served on ciabatta bread, but it certainly wasn't a traditional ciabatta.  The sandwich was good. It probably could have stood to be on the press a bit more as the contents in the middle were lukewarm at best.The sandwich was yummy; however, and I will be returning.  The really great thing here is the prices. Three buttermilk pancakes are only $2.99.  Scrambled eggs, $2.99.  Most sandwiches are $5.99-6.49.  Imagine my surprise when I saw they had six different coffees from which to choose!I would like to echo another reviewer's opinion by sharing that my friend specifically told me not to get the lobster bisque. She ordered it once and it was so bad that she called and told them how terrible it tasted. They let her return and exchange it at no expense, which is good service, but you are probably best advised to avoid the bisque.  It's $2.99 for a small serving, so I can't imagine that's real lobster.Seating is fairly limited unless you sit outside, which is weather dependent.  Enjoy!
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,8/7/2010,66,98,8,3,3>I need Knead. I need Knead because I have a serious problem with baked goods. Breakfast items, dessert items, afternoon snack items, munchie items, basically any item that has butter, sugar, and flour. I LOVE EVERY SINGLE BAKED ITEM at KNEAD. Don't get me wrong, I love the pumpkin cookies at Piece of Cake, but everything else (elephant ears, cookies, tiramisu, carrot cake, cupcakes) are all a little dry. So let me tell you about Knead...Giant chocolate chip cookie: my preferred style is thin, crispy on the outside, and stick-to-your-teeth chewy on the inside. The semi-sweet chips are large and melt well to integrate into the cookie. It tends towards the salty side, but is probably one of the best representations of a chocolate chip cookie that I've ever had. This is chewy, crispy, chocolatey, buttery, and totally delicious.Giant key lime pie cookie: great twist on a classic. Made with corn meal, this cookie has a great mouthfeel, great lime flavor, and even better? ICING!!! Like a lemon bar, but much more interesting.But the SINGULAR MOST AWESOMEST baked good?!? The BANOFFEE (?). Banana and Toffee and whipped cream in a graham cracker crust. It tasted exactly like it's described. And it's effing amazing. It's worth breaking the diet for. Oh, and the bacon cheddar scone is very good, as was the lamb taquitos and the lake erie walleye tacos. Ask for the hot sauce, we got a very memorable smokey jalapeno one, aptly named the GREEN DEATH. Now, all we need? Some WEASEL BOY from Zanesville!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,8/6/2010,45,139,4,5,4>Moy's might be my favorite place in Columbus. I love it so much that I almost didn't review it just to keep it to myself. They haven't had a sign for nearly 5 years so good luck finding it. Though I guess you might be able to locate it since it is directly next to Buckeye Donuts on High Street across from The Ohio State University, but I will hold out hope that you can't.This place isn't a looker, but the food is outstanding. Momma Moy (as I affectionately refer to her, though I don't know her real name) is always happy to see you and has a startlingly good memory for orders and faces. She knows not only what I want (General Tso's) but normally what the myriad of friends I bring in would like as well. Moy's is a tiny restaurant, seating roughly 45 people, but the food will rock your socks off.As I mentioned, I stick to the General Tso's Chicken which, I know, sounds very generic, but let me tell you that it is unlike anything you have had before. If barbecue and Chinese married and had a beautiful lovechild, Moy's General Tso's would be that tasty child. I have no way to describe it other than AMAZING. I often crave its deliciousness and will drive up just to get it, dine in or carry out.  Mmmmm, talking about it makes me hungry. O, how I wish I had written this during business hours...
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,8/5/2010,598,616,14,16,12>For weeks and weeks I've dreamed of becoming less of a weekend warrior so that I can wake up in time to eat a rad dog when they show up at Pattycake (in my hood) every Saturday for the Rad Dog Stickybun  Challenge... and finally, I seem to have gotten off me arse early enough to do so (and yes, they're there until 2:30pm). I've had Rad Dog at Hal&Al's, but since they're not longer there and since I don't go downtown often, it's been a while. Today, I just got the rad dog - sauerkraut, mustard, and grilled onions, and let me just tell you... I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian, but if someone would prepare me rad dogs every day, I'd gladly submit (well maybe until someone offered to make me a bloody rare steak, then I'd give in...). They're delicious - and I actually prefer the texture of the vegan dog to a regular hot dog or sausage. It's smushier, and more... ample. Like a pin up girl versus a supermodel. YUMMMMM.  I was talking to Tawd about where their new location might be, and he is hoping for Clintonville/Campus (instead of Hal&Al's in Merion Village, which is sort of a weird ass vortex of an area), and that's really exciting... so the more you support Rad Dog now, the faster he will be able to afford to get a storefront... Take it from me, omnivore and lover of barely-cooked-cow, these vegan hotdogs and other encased non-meats will blow you away. They're the best non-hot-dogs hot dogs I've ever had.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,8/4/2010,24,36,,5,2>This is one of two local brewing stores, and the only one that is especially focused on brewing (weird, I know).  The first time I went in there was the first time I brewed.  I had mistakenly bought an all grain kit from northern brewer.  I explained this to the woman who was working.  She looked scared for me and quickly collected a pile of things that would help me (I was set up for extract brewing).  She then explained carefully how I was to prepare everything and said that if I needed help I could call them and ask questions.  The only reason I give it less than 5 stars is because it is fairly expensive.  I think I paid more than 3 dollars for an airlock.  Then again, one of two shops in a metro area so I guess they can afford the expense.  Friendly staff, good products, very knowledgeable.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,8/3/2010,309,391,5,9,6>After losing Miggs a few years ago, I felt Columbus was stuck without a fantastic burger joint. Five Guys came along and I thought they were nifty, but they were missing that special something. I kept commenting to friends, "Now if only they served milk shakes".Graffiti Burger opened up in my neck of the woods a few months ago, and when asked to describe the food I say, "Like Five Guys. Only better. And with milk shakes". Yep, magical hand dipped, nothing but ice cream and milk, milk shakes.And to my (pleasant) surprise, Graffiti Burger has an amazing burger! The quality of the meat is better than Five Guys, juicy and not dried out at all. The toppings offered aren't as numerous as Five Guys and a few of them come at a premium price. However, Graffiti Burger does have toppings that Five Guys doesn't carry, like banana peppers! And put that burger on a butter toasted bun and it can't be beat!The fries are good, but I do prefer Five Guys fries. You might be wondering how I can tell, what with all the malt vinegar I drown my fries in. Trust me, I can taste the difference.The service at Graffiti Burger is better than Five Guys as well. The employees just seem to be having a lot of fun, and who can blame them? Have you seen the inside of Graffiti Burger? The obvious description would be that it is covered in graffiti. It's just so colorful and vibrant!And you better save room for one of those hand-dipped milk shakes. They only offer chocolate and vanilla right now, but I'm pleading for them to add a strawberry flavor!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2009,8/2/2010,13,38,3,3,2>I am def a fan of this place and receive the specials via email everyday. I've never had the dinner for 2 to go though. Perfect size sandwich for me to be full but it isn't huge like katzinger's for a hungry dude. I'd have to say my favorite is the #7 cranberry mayo, which is more cranberry for sure. Their food is always fresh and I'm a big fan of warm panini'd sammy's! I always go in with an idea what i want and end up with something in addition to it. I'm not a brownie person but they have amazing one... also a great mix of chicken salad, bean salad, etc side dishes at the counter up front that aren't on their normal menu. I've never had any issues here and the workers are super friendly. Grab your food and a park bench down the street at Schiller park.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,8/1/2010,3,17,2,3,2>Other than Comfest, this is the second reason that I moved to Italian Village. Excellent selection of spirits with good prices. They even have cigars! Good ones, although a small selection. The only thing I wish they had more of is beer so I would not have to deal with UDF.The guys behind the counter are nice and good to talk to about booze. Their knowledge is a plus.I go here all the time when I want to buy spirits, and you should too.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2009,7/31/2010,5,15,2,4,2>When I first moved here and was working 80 hour weeks opening a new store, I discovered Suds and Java.  I had told the president of my company that I needed a few hours off to do laundry or he could pay someone to do it for me.  He decided on the latter and thus I found Suds and Java.  I had never used a wash-dry-fold service before, but after dropping my laundry off here, I WAS HOOKED!  I dropped my stuff off before work at 10am and it was ready by 5pm.  How nice is it to drop clothes off before work and when the day is over you have nice, clean and folded clothes.Once I had time to do my own laundry, I used their facilities myself.  I love how there are several choices for washers- 3 different sizes and two different types of dryers.  The prices are very reasonable as well!  The free wi-fi was a definite plus as I was able to get some work done while doing my laundry.  I have yet to try the coffee, but that is only because I tend to do my laundry later in the day and don't want to be up all night.The staff is EXTREMELY friendly, the entire establishment is very clean (including the bathroom), there is free wi-fi, soda machine, television, coffee, couches and tables.  It's almost like being at home doing your laundry, except that it won't take all day like it would at home.  Well, at least if you're like me and only do laundry once every week or two!Another bonus- they accept Buck I.D., have a frequent visitor card for wash-dry-fold AND washer/dryer use, dry cleaning and they accept credit cards for almost everything!
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/30/2010,18,20,7,7,5>I was apprehensive about trying Pattycake Bakery. I'd heard about a few times from different sources, but was unconvinced  that vegan baked goods would be edible. I asked a vegan friend who assured me they were delicious, but really, what was he going to say? What other options would he have for vegan cupcakes and cookies? I figured his tastebuds might have gotten a little warped from milk and butter withdrawal. Finally, I heard about it YET AGAIN and decided that perhaps the Food Gods were trying to tell me something. I hustled my 3-year-old into the car one morning and told him I had a surprise for him. I needed a partner in crime on this particular excursion. OH.MY.GOD.Seriously! This stuff is AMAZING! I mean, it's not just good by vegan standards--it's GOOD, period. Honestly, I had a fleeting thought while I was there that perhaps they lie and really do use eggs and milk. Then I realized there were an awful lot of people working in the back and at least one of them would have spilled the beans if that were the case. That good. I tasted the chocolate cupcake (amazing), the lemon cupcake (good), the Toll House cookies (how in the HELL can these be vegan?!), the pumpkin whoopie pie (swoon), and the vanilla cupcake (delightful). Yeah, I brought home some stuff for the rest of the family. Don't be afraid. Go and try this place! And take some home for your vegan-phobic loved ones so you can say, "Isn't that cookie amazing?! Yeah, guess what? IT'S VEGAN!!" Not that I did or anything. No. I would never do that. The people here are really nice. Excellent service, and they didn't mind my saying, "I can't believe this is vegan! It's so GOOD!!!!" If you go, you might want to plan on getting your order to go. They're short on dining space (as it turned out I was lucky my companion was a little kid). The space exists, but this definitely isn't a place to linger. That hardly matters, though. Go and enjoy yourselves and let me know if I was the one who finally got you to try it. ;-)
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,7/29/2010,4,17,2,3,4>I've been to the Franklin Park Conservatory several times and I'm always impressed.  On Sunday I visited Franklin Park Conservatory and just walked around the grounds.  Again I was impressed.  The spring tulips were in full bloom and the grounds were kept up immaculately.    It was awesome to see all the bursts of spring colors as I looked back on the Conservatory, breathing in the spring air, and feeling like I was somewhere truly special.  I came to the conclusion that I was somewhere truly special--Columbus.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,7/28/2010,23,13,2,4,3>I've sampled yoga classes at several other studios in town and this is consistently the best place for good instruction, a comfortable & clean environment and good variety in class options.  Four years ago, my friend bought an Beginner's Ashtanga class for me as a gift and it was both super challenging and a really great intro to that yoga style.  (basically, it kicked our butts each week, but in a really good way)When I was pregnant, I took Prenatal Yoga with Lori and she was awesome as well.  I was ecstatic to be able to continue taking classes with her after the birth of my son (Mommy & Baby Yoga).  Now that my son is a toddler, we go to the Itsy Bitsy Yoga classes offered through Yoga on High and we couldn't be happier.  I recommend YoHi to anyone I meet who has an interest in taking yoga classes.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2009,7/27/2010,118,70,3,5,3>I've been taking my dogs here for over 3 years. Great staff. Very professional, but very friendly. They even give my dogs birthday parties! A little expensive, especially for two dogs, but you have the satisfaction and peace of mind they are in good hands. After a day at daycare, my dogs zonk out on the couch for hours. Money well spent, peace finally!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,7/26/2010,72,9,4,3,3>This place is awesome. The owners are great and the treats make me hungry. A fun little place for pretty much any dog lover.  One of my dogs is scared of 95% of the people out there and I think she might be in love with the owner. If you think it's strange to buy special treats for your dogs, stick to Petsmart. But, if you're like me and think it's fun to spoil your dog, you're crazy not to check this place out.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,7/25/2010,123,50,12,11,11>Yes, fellow yelper Ms. Viv, "Holy Sh*t" it is.  This is my first Korean restaurant I've tried here in Columbus and it was most definitely triple A: Awesome, Authentic, Absolute... okay, so I made that up, but so what?  It just means that it's that good.  Okay, back on track, I ordered the 'oh jing uh bokkum' which is stir-fried(?) squid with veggies in spicy sauce (hot pepper pasted based) and Kalbi; these were accompanied by loads of delicious side dishes and very generous amount at that.  Sadly to say, one bowl of rice couldn't handle all that was available... so what did I do instead of stopping myself while I was still ahead?  I ask for a second bowl of rice.... *sigh* But I couldn't help it... it was so good T-T  yes, it almost made me cry for joy.  If I could, I probably have eaten the plate the food was served on... LOL... anyways, they have an extensive menu, lots of good 'ol home-cooking style, and if you're feeling adventurous, try their 'mak-gur-li' which is like Korean rice wine(?)... don't butcher me for that... it's was the best I could do as far as the description goes on that ^^;;  I believe they also serve Soju, which is another Korean alcohol drink.... I personally think it tastes like rubbing alcohol, not that I'd know what that would taste like =___=;;  **you can also mix Soju with your favorite juice or carbonated drink**  Well guys, definitely try this restaurant out, it is G doubleO D, GOOD!!!!!!!
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,7/24/2010,260,212,3,7,4>Paid ~$30 for an amazing (dare I say, life changing) haircut by Chris. I've heard great things about him from his regulars, so I decided to trust him to cut off 8 inches of my hair. He understood what I wanted and that I was very nervous about cutting all my hair off. Chris was very careful with my hair and made the a-line I wanted very subtle so I could get used to it. I am definitely getting my hair cut by Chris from now on in Columbus. He is confident in his work and great to talk to.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,7/23/2010,2,16,2,2,2>This just happens to be another one of those "hidden gems" that you'll occasionally spot if you look really hard while driving around Columbus. Don't be afraid--The kitsch is in full force upon stepping into the main dining area, which looks absolutely nothing like you'd expect a family-run Cuban restaurant to look like. The walls are lined with 50's and 60's memorabilia, with lots of emphasis on those Nelson Starburst clocks. (Come on--You know the ones I'm talking about.) There are even murals on the walls that scream "Tacky Americana" with no apologies. But you know what? That's one of the things I like about this place. Sometimes "tacky" just works, and given the lousy old mini-strip mall location of this place, it works well.With the exception of the specials, the menu hasn't changed a whole lot over the past 7 or 8 years, but I can't really complain about that. Everything I've had at Starliner has been very good and comforting. My only (minor) complaint as far as the food is concerned is that the salads tend to be a bit on the predictable side......but, having said that, why would you go to a Cuban place and ask for a tossed salad? Something I try to always get with my meals are the fried plantains. They give fruit a naughty reputation, and deliciously so. Just don't try to eat them immediately or else you'll more than likely burn your mouth. I speak (sore tongue and all) from experience. Unless you live in Hilliard, it's a bit out of the way, especially for those of us who live in the downtown Columbus area. If you've got the time, make the trip.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,7/22/2010,42,76,1,8,6>If I had to design a restaurant for the Columbus market and palate, this would be it. Everything was delicious and the atmosphere was pleasant. Upon entering, you're greeted with half a dozen frames holding newspaper reviews; always a good sign that the owners know how to work and and know how to show it off. The display case that you choose your food form is brightly lit and makes the food look enticing. You order, pay, sit down, and wait for them to call your name with your hot food.My table and I ordered whole fried grouper and red snapper, as well as some lavash leg of lamb wraps. The lavash bread is flatter and more cracker like, if you will, than its cousin the pita bread. Service was prompt and friendly. The only negative i found was the lack of background music... is it just me or does this just kill the mood? I love ambient music... too bad there was none today. Didn't ruin the flavors of the baklava, though. Sweet enough to give me cavities, but i ate it any way
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,7/21/2010,100,132,2,2,2>Good to have another vegetarian / vegan option near Easton! I got the Tofu Hibachi to go - came with brown rice and miso soup. Would have liked the tofu to be grilled a bit crispier (next time I'll ask), but all in all - a good lunch!! The decor of this place - sooo nice!! Very modern and lots of pretty green (see the photos some one else posted). Would be a good date spot if you're seeing a movie at Easton or something. I also saw that they have specials - Mon-Wed buy one sushi roll, get one 50% off; as well as Fri & Sat 9-10:30 $1 off all beer, and sushi rolls & saketini buy one, get one 50% off. I'll be back. :D
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,7/20/2010,1214,553,9,7,3>I HEART Brioso - even with all their little...err...quirks!Anytime I have a challenge in life, I just face it head on.  So let's go ahead and work through some of Brioso's challenges so you can experience some deliciousness:* Parking:  It's downtown.  Just suck it up and do it.  It's worth it.  But here's a little tip - park down Pearl Alley right before you get to Brioso.  The meters there are longer, and there's almost always a spot there!  Also, Brioso has always been kind enough to break a dollar to give me quarters to park!* Crowd:  Don't go at noon. Seriously, don't do it.  Get there at 11:30 or don't go until 1:00.  Otherwise, you'll wait for a while and it'll be overcrowded with business people on their lunch breaks.* Restrooms:  They DO have them!  They're just hard to find.  Just go to the east side of the restaurant and head down the stairs.  * The grumpy girl:  She's kind of a bia.  And at first, it totally irked me.  Now, I find her endearing.  I play this little game every time I go in there; my goal is to make her smile at me!  Now that we've gotten those challenges out of the way, let's talk WHAT TO ORDER!  This is easy.  Get the fresh mozzarella sandwich!  Brioso bakes their own focaccia - that's not too dry or chewy and has giant chunks of salt on top!  Then, they pile on amazing fresh mozzarella and ripe, delicious tomatoes.  And the kicker?  Amazing homemade aioli!  This is seriously the best sandwich in Columbus.  What else to order?  Any of their soups.  They make them from scratch every day and never re-heat them!  I personally love their lentil soup.  And to round out your meal, get a peanut butter cookie.  Or any cookie.  Just get a damn cookie.  Have I convinced you to go to Brioso yet?
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,7/19/2010,0,4,3,5,3>I first heard of this place via the Small Business Beanstalk website, where they offer 17% off with your SBB card. Since I'm a sucker for anything Irish and was looking for a gift for my grandmother who is too, I decided to check it out.It's located in Historic Dublin and just as quaint as you'd expect. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the friendly woman behind the desk (so bummed I didn't get her name!), then I wandered toward the back to begin browsing.There are three or four rooms all open to each other stocked with everything Irish you could possibly want. Belleek china, glassware, throw blankets and pillows, tapestries, wool sweaters, Celtic crosses, gold and silver jewelry, Christmas ornaments and decorations, wedding gifts and more. They also had your typical assortment of cheesy shotglasses and t-shirts if you're just looking for something fun for St. Patrick's Day. The prices were all very reasonable, too. Obviously a lot of these items are imported and can get pretty pricey but that would be true for anywhere you were going to buy them. The two Belleek pieces I purchased were the same price as anywhere I'd found them online, plus no shipping, and with my SBB 17% off... quite a steal.The thing that impressed me the most, though, was how absolutely wonderful the woman running things was. I was staring blankly at a jewelry case for a few minutes, trying to figure out what in the world my grandmother would like, when she asked if I needed to see anything in the case. I explained the trouble I was having, and she came over to suggest some things and helped me look through the jewelry. When I couldn't decide on that she suggested other things they had that might work, and after shooting her down several times (my grandmother is pretty difficult to shop for) we ended up back at the Belleek china. We chatted a little and she made some more suggestions, then left me to browse. It only took me a few minutes after that to decide on what I wanted, then we chatted some more while she boxed them up for me and then rang everything up. She was absolutely wonderful and a huge help, and again, I'm really sad I didn't catch her name. xDI was very impressed by the selection of items and the wonderful help I received, and I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,7/18/2010,67,288,3,5,4>Much to my husband's chagrin I insist that pizzas fall into three categories: Summer, Winter and year round.  In my  mind, Gahanna Pizza Plus is a winter only pizza.  It's comfort food.  The crust isn't a pan crust but it takes some chewing to get through.  The cheese is ample.  The sauce is spicier than most places around, and the toppings are plentiful.  On a cold winter's night, with a movie on TV I honestly can't think of a better pizza to enjoy.In the summer, not so much.  The pizza isn't any different but hot nights were made for a different kind of pie.Other than all that, I can honestly say I haven't tried a specialty pizza here I didn't like.  The three kinds of mushroom pizza was excellent and the greek is beyond good.  When my sister from Raleigh comes to Columbus the first thing she asks for is a Gahanna Pizza Plus pizza, so there you have it.Try this, but if you're like me you'll want to wait till the weather turns!
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,7/17/2010,102,111,2,4,2>Whit's is an amazing place for after dinner dessert in the summer!As proudly displayed, Whit's serves frozen custard, not ice cream.  Some of the other reviewers mentioned that most people won't notice a difference between frozen custard and ice cream and I find this to be true.  Whit's says frozen custard is served warmer than ice cream, but the mouth-feel is almost identical.The menu is impressive and extensive, with many of the familiar "Blizzard" style shakes and sundaes.  My absolute favorite is the Gahanna Turtle Sundae.  It can feed two, so take it easy!One tricky thing about Whit's is that they have weekly (and sometimes daily) flavors.  You can check either the Whit's website or a chart at the actual location if you want to schedule your visit around a particularly compelling flavor.  Why not 5 stars?  Whit's uses some slightly misleading advertising.  They say all their custard is "90% fat-free!"  First, this is roughly equivalent to normal ice cream.  Secondly, eating anything that's 10% fat is fairly unhealthy.  Assuming 1 serving is 100 grams (which is a very low estimate), that's about 20% of your saturated fat and 15% of the RDA for total fat in a day.  Neither ice cream nor frozen custard is health food!Advertising aside, the custard here is amazing, and I wish I had written this review while they were open because now I have a serious craving that Breyers just ain't gonna help with!
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,7/16/2010,14,34,2,5,4>This is the sort of place that you will hate if you don't go in the frame of mind.... understand this:  This place is NOT Barnes & Noble.  If you expect to find exactly the book you're looking for...  go to Amazon.Stores like Book Loft... you go to explore.   It's magic.  You go in, meaning to look around...  and every time I leave, it's with several hundred dollars worth of books in tow.  It's the way that store is.   One minute you're lost, next minute you find ten books you can't live without.  It's like crack for book lovers.  Only way to describe it.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2010,7/14/2010,86,139,6,3,4>Ughhhh... but in SUCH a good way - ya know the I'm-eating-the-incredible-leftovers-and-even-then-­I-ate-too-much kind of way.I went to Aab at the beginning of this week and got the chicken vindaloo and my friend got the chicken tikka masala. I'm just finishing my leftover naan and vindaloo as I type this and I think I over ate... for the 2nd time on the same food. Yup, you get a great bang for your buck. And the food. Ohhhhh the food. And the service. Ohhhhh the service. Both excellent! Don't know if we were special, but we asked for extra rice since we were running low and we weren't charged for it. Right on! Sometimes you don't know what to expect with Indian restaurants... One small criticism, though, was that there weren't many potatoes and a little lacking on the chicken. I was expecting a bit more, but what was there was great.Most important to me, though, is that you can get spicy food EXTRA spicy. You can choose from a scale 1-6, 6 being the hottest. Pretty sure they won't even have to ask next time - 6 it is. And yes, it is tear-jerkingly hot, lip terminatingly risque, eyebrow scorchingly scrumdiddliumpcious. What? Well, it's just the way Indian food should be.Thanks to Yelp I have never had bad Indian food and Aab is right up there with any other Indian restaurant I've been to on the West Coast, East Coast, the Midwest, or Texas (its own country really).
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,7/13/2010,78,138,5,8,5>Jerry's shop has been my barber for 17 years.  It's a small, friendly shop, welcoming to spouses and children if you're out for a dollop of errands.  Jerry claims he has retired and now only makes guest appearances a couple times a week, but don't worry if you don't catch him -- the gals who run the shop now still give a solid cut.There can sometimes be a line, as I'm pretty sure it's all walk-ins, but it's part of the charm of the old-time barber shop.  Speaking of which, they totally have those hand combs in a display case, and I'm pretty sure they've been there since about 1986.  One day I shall purchase one.  One day.A cut comes in at $12.  You can chat or not, they don't seem to mind.  The TV is frequently playing some amusing daytime TV.It's a funny place to get to, it's kinda tucked away -- right next to the Wendy's, maybe best to drive in the entrance to there and go around (the parking lots are attached).I've cheated on Jerry's shop a couple of times, I'm not proud to say, but I have always come back to home sweet home.They're open a little later if you need to go after work (until 7:00)
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,7/10/2010,44,57,2,11,6>I am ashamed of how long it took me to write this review...I can unabashedly say that I love Skillet. I love the people in the kitchen, I love the food, I love the atmosphere. There are a few kinks still getting worked out, like table arrangement and counter vs. table ordering, but as any new restaurant they have a few growing pains. The last time I was in they had started table service, and I hope in time this will prove to give better service to diners and make everyone happy. I am willing to overlook these little things and continue to support a local establishment that I hope will be around long after I am gone.Simple, well executed, flavourful American cooking with a twist. I have never had a bad dish off of the menu. I especially love their house made soups, and their inventive pancakes. Breakfast, Lunch, it doesn't matter, there are always options on their ever changing menu that please even the picky eaters among my circle of friends.Bored with North Star for brunch on the weekends? Please, go on and give Skillet a try. Recently they have been doing food cart service in the evenings in the Clintonville/North Campus area. Follow these guys on Twitter and Facebook to find out where the food cart will be. Two wishes for the future: building expansion or a move to a larger space, and extended hours. At times this place gets packed, and though the wait isn't normally terrible, more tables and expanded hours would make even more people ardent Skillet fans.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,7/9/2010,31,37,2,3,3>I've been in the natural and organic food industry for over a decade...and as far as independent natural grocers is concerned, this is one of the state's best in terms of total natural and organic food offerings besides Whole Foods Market.  In case you don't know, a natural and organic store contains products that are either organic, only natural, contains no nitrates, hormones, antibiotics, artificial preservatives, or additives like food coloring.  So all the products including the meat, dairy and eggs are free of these.  They don't have a full-service meat or seafood area but what they do lack here, they make up in gluten-free selections.  In addition to a very fresh all-organic produce selection (yes, it is 100% organic), they also have a full-service deli, salad bar, and juice bar with sushi offerings too.   Truthfully, I don't shop here for these perimeter, fresh offerings (except the produce), I mostly shop here because they have a great grocery selection, supplement section, and solid natural body care section.  I shop all areas consistently and with the new rewards program, you really feel like you're getting a deal.  And when they put things on sales, it is inevitably always cheaper than Whole Paycheck (Whole Foods).  I still shop at Trader Joe's and Whole Foods, but most of my unique natural, organic, and gluten-free products are faithfully purchased here.  I use the special order option a lot if they don't have something I want.  You just got to know how to ask for it.  Since it is a small, independently - owned and operated grocer, you get the customized, friendly feeling you'd expect consistently.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,7/8/2010,38,155,,3,4>Went here with a big group from work for lunch one day. Be careful not to miss it as you drive down 33, because it's in one of those plazas that it's a little tricky to find the right entrance. Once you get in, the decor is pretty impressive and unique. I'm usually not a huge fan of Greek food, but this place is pretty good. They have a very extensive lunch menu. I had the souvlaki bowl and it was delicious. All of us who had the bowls enjoyed them - although, everyone enjoyed everything really! The portions were huge and the prices were pretty good. One of the best parts actually was the bread they brought to the table when we sat down, and the dip that came with it.... I'm not sure what it was, but it was pretty darn amazing =D
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/7/2010,75,241,,5,2>Update:I think this may have been one of the best looking haircuts i've ever had. Jake was the guy who cut my hair, he had Sin City action figures in his booth. Go with him and you won't regret it.______Parking situation is pretty bad. Good luck dealing with street parking or risking the blue dube's lot.The place is really nice, and you can tell the owner didn't cut corners when he did the interior decoration. I'd almost say its too nice for campus. Anyways, $10 for a men's haircut, and the guy who cut my hair did a great job. Would def go back.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2009,7/6/2010,69,200,2,11,4>In a city full of Irish pubs, PK O'Ryans is one of my favorites. It is small, friendly and makes a mean fish-n-chips! One might think there isn't enough room for two pub-style restaurants in Worthington, but there is. This has a very different vibe that the Bag of Nails Pub (which I also really like!) directly across the street. PK's may not look any more authentic that other Irish-themed bars here in Columbus, but it certainly offers a unique hospitality reminiscent of the Emerald Isle. The bartenders have always been super friendly, but I think it's the food that grabs me the most. The pub shares the kitchen (and menu) with the adjacent restaurant of the same name, though they are two separate areas. The dining room is in the front of the building which faces high Street, but the entrance to the pub is on the side. While the menu is loaded with upscale pub food, pizzas and breakfasts, the Irish Stew is a stand out. And again, in a city full of great fish-n-chips, PK's fish-n-chips are probably my favorite. These two items seem closest to what I've had in the UK. PK's has a full bar, but also carries a fine selection of bottled and draught beers, including some Irish favorites: Kinsale Irish Lager, Bass, Killians, Guinness, Boddingtons, Murphy's Stout, Stella Artois, Smithwicks Ale, and Newcastle.Pk O'Ryan's is a nice alternative to the Bag of Nails.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,7/5/2010,62,132,,5,3>I love House Wine. It's a great place to go with girlfriends for happy hour or dinner. Pick a bottle of wine and drink it there, or sample from the tasting machine in multiple ounce pours. What's great about the machine is it lets you taste expensive wine without buying the entire bottle.Not a wine drinker? No problem. They stock a cooler of great microbrews, or if you prefer...the champagne of beers! They recently added draught beer, which is a nice addition.Hungry? House Wine offers a wonderful cheese plate. You may also get carryout from Cafe Daniela next door, which is pretty good. I've noticed that their hours have changed and it's not always reliable to be open. They now offer a smaller menu from the Worthington Inn across the street. Call in your order and bring it over!The staff at House Wine is very knowledgeable and easy to talk to. Donnie is a pillar of information (as are the other employees!)---if you have any questions or have no clue what you should try within any price range, ask him!
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,7/4/2010,172,99,2,4,3>This is our go to sushi and Japanese restaurant!  When you enter you are always warmly welcomed and offered a seat right away.  We love sitting at the counter and watching the big TV while enjoying our sushi or chicken tariyaki.  One thing that many probably miss at other Japanese restaurants in town are the real hot cloth towels.  If you are looking for those, this is the place to go (I hate those hot wet naps)!!!  The chicken tariyaki comes out on a sizzling hot plate with baby carrots and other veggies and is served with a side of white rice.  The sushi is also fresh, good and reasonably priced.  They stick to the basics without an extensive menu of fufu rolls.  I am sure this place is an authentic Japanese restaurant with an authentic staff.  When ever I go to an ethnic restaurant and look around, I check to see who the customers are and by looking here, you know it is the real deal.  I would recommend it to anyone in the area looking for a flavorful relaxing dining experience.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,7/3/2010,182,928,,6,4>What a day!  I no sooner pulled up to Marcellas when a parking spot opened up, right across the street.  How's that for luck!  And I went inside and Happy Hour was in full swing, making most of the food, and a lot of the wine, half price.  So I started off with a meatball and an order of sliced onions parmesean.  Those onions were great.  I'll have to try making them at home.  And the meatball was as tender as I've ever had one.  I also had a carafe of Reisling.  It was half price also.I was going to order a pizza but I didn't have enough room so I settled for an order of Proscuitto.  What a great meal, and my tab before tip was only $12.81.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,7/2/2010,68,133,8,8,7>I've spent more time and money at King Avenue 5 than I care to admit, so I feel like I'm somewhat qualified to write a review of the place. It's a bit more upscale than your average sports bar - the food is served on actual dinnerware and not in cardboard boats like some other establishments. They also have cloth napkins and you can order something other than a 22-ounce tankard of light beer without drawing stares.The layout is a little bizarre, and I can't for the life of me figure out what the interior designer was thinking when he/she came up with this floor plan. As others have stated, the bar has a bit of a "warring factions" vibe between the "bar side" and the "dining side" - I usually bring a shank tucked into my sock when I go, just in case a dispute breaks out. Luckily, both sides have behaved themselves admirably on each of my visits.The food is quite good. They have a chicken tortilla soup that is probably the best soup I've had in Columbus. It's good for what ails ya on a chilly winter evening, with just enough spice to make your nose run. Their french onion soup is also wondrous. I swear by their Trouble Maker Burger, and will recommend it to anyone. Spicy, messy, and super delicious, it's drenched in chili, hot sauce, and jalapenos. Also try the Cajun Chicken Alfredo and if you're in the mood for lighter fare, the Woodland salad is a nice option.Only one negative about the food - don't bother with the panini sandwiches, as they are dull, bland, and just plain uninspiring. I have nothing but the utmost respect for KA5 bartenders, as they are always pleasant and attentive. They usually give you a decent pour and are more than happy to engage in actual conversation. The beer selection is acceptable. A decent jukebox is available, as is that crazy shuffleboard/puck game that everyone seems to like to play when they are blind drunk. A couple dartboards also grace the premises. TVs are plentiful, and can be viewed from all points of the bar. Clientele is a mix of OSU students, Grandview old-timers, yuppies, sports fans, MILFs, and bartenders from other bars in the Grandview area. Highly recommended.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,7/1/2010,55,358,4,6,7>Just because they're the new kid on the block doesn't mean they need to spend years working their way up, perfecting their craft to compete with other local pizza places. Right off the bat they blow away 99% of their competition. The Columbus Alive wrote a gushing review on this place way back in Nov. and yet not one review on Yelp. Really, now? Yes, it's a bit of a weird setup being located in a live music venue. No, I don't want to pay a $5 cover tonight to listen to some bands, I just want to eat pizza godd*mmit, LET ME IN!!! That aside, it is more than worth the effort to come in and order a one-of-a-kind pizza that is that damn good.I went with a good friend here on a quiet, I believe it was a Sunday, night and sampled a half Crow style , half pesto pizza (great for meat lovers and meat haters). They were out of homemade sausage, but I substituted some high quality pepperoni to go along with the balsamic onions, corn, and a great sauce. The pesto half was also amazing. The crust is crunchy and flavorful: reminiscent of cornbread, but without being bready. We were both impressed and agreed that we were eating the best pizza in the city. It's another Columbus restaurant that can holds it's own against any other out of towner.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,6/29/2010,52,33,,2,2>It's a family affair!Whether it's for a post-college graduation lunch with the family, or a table for 6 friends for brunch...even 2 lovebirds, Cap City Grandview accommodates just about anyone with an appetite for creative dishes, but lacking deep pockets. For a light & sweet brunch, devour the complimentary cinnamon rolls & pair them with a very affordable mimosa.If you're looking for an award winner, don't leave without munching on the Maytag Bleu Cheese Potato Chips. Others have tried, but these are by far the best flavor combination of cheese & salty chips.But, my favorite entree has always been the Diner Meatloaf Melt with muenster cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion & mayo. Not at all like grandma's meatloaf, it's better when it's fresh & sandwiched. To top off this extravagantly affordable meal, I'm still a sucker for a Cap City Mohito.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,6/28/2010,95,91,2,8,6>Okay. Let me first start off by saying I am not a coffee drinker. But I love checking out new spots period. Okay I go in there the place is nice and quiet. Friendly developing staff. Cause they just opened like two days ago. I look around. Check out how clean it is. Checked out the prices of the items. Cool. By far seemed more economical then Starbuck's. I will however drink the frozen coffee beverages and the such. So I ordered the White Mocha frozen drink. Let's just say if you could sample a frozen beverage beyond the pearly gates. The white mocha frozen drink would be second behind Urban Spirit's "The Duke" Frozen Drink. It was extremely delicious. And they made it very fast.I also ordered a SOUR CREAM COFFEE CAKE or Was it Cream Cheese? Either way. it was scrumptious. THANK GOD that there is a place other than The Bread Basket that I can grab a baked good from. Cause Bread Basket starts to become played after a while. This place is also probably great for vegans being that they have vegan products in there.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,6/27/2010,51,82,7,5,4>This is a letter to a friend, that friend's name is Houddog's pizza. It is only a letter about the food. Service and atmosphere has been beaten to death in the reviews. Without further adieu, a letter to Hounddog's Three Degree Pizza Dear Hounddog's,I must admit at first I liked you with your breakfast pizza on thin crust and chicken cesar salad sub but then something went wrong. The breakfast pizza was gone. This made me sad I don't even really remember the pizza but I remember loving it. But since it was gone and since I had been told I HAD to get you on Smokin' Joe's crust so I did. A pepperoni on Smokin' Joe's and I must say I didn't get you and frankly I did not like you. You were greasy and your toppings were falling all over the place and I just felt like the only thing that had a lot of flavor was your greasy ass crust. I tried to like you for a while. I tried thin crust and Smokin' Joe's again I've tried eating there and even taking you home but still SOMETHING wasn't right and I did not understand how ALL of Columbus loved you and I just didn't.Then something changed again, my friend Sam was home on leave from Iraq and had never met you. I came because I wanted to see Sam not you. Then Sam said the magic words. "Want to try the spicy sauce?" Hmmm spicy sauce, I've heard about it but hadn't tried it so why the hell not I can't not like the pizza anymore than before. So order was placed large pepperoni with spicy sauce on Smokin' Joe's crust. Surprisingly you came to Sam and me quickly, I wasn't expecting much but you blew me away! I don't know how some red pepper in the sauce could make such a big difference but it did! You were still greasy but it didn't matter to me in the least. The garlicy crust and spicy sauce was a match made in pizza heaven. I'm sorry to say this though. You still aren't my favorite; another has filled that spot but you are a special pizza and I will be seeing you again this I can promise you.Yours Truly,Matt
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,6/26/2010,370,523,3,3,2>Second Chance is my favorite consignment shop! They have great condition brand name clothes. Where else can you get new William Rast skinny jeans for $85?? Certainly not Nordstrom. How elated was i to find such a great buy here. Of course, the selection will vary all the time, but not only did i find jeans, but also lots of other great items. They have wears for older gals thru teens carrying things from Forever 21 to Talbotts. They also have a selection of shoes (that actually looked wearable) and high end purses, plus vintage goods. Of course all sales are FINAL so, be sure to try everything on first. Their consignment idea is a good one. You bring in your stuff. If they choose it to be sold they give you a two month contract. If it sells with-in the two months you get 35% (i think) of the price as trade or cash. If it doesn't sell, you get your stuff back or they'll donate it for you. Simple as that. Kind of cool. Anyway, the staff is nice and helpful. I notice they have a lot of regular shoppers there, which can be good or bad for the shop seeing as they may have a lot of simiar clothes coming in all the time and similar stuff being bought all the time, but I didn't have a problem finding some great stuff there. Keep note, they are closed Mondays.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2009,6/25/2010,528,372,14,15,14>The first indication of a good server is when he/she snaps a picture at the subject's eye level. Service for the entire evening was superb though a bit too formal. The food at Deepwood Restaurant (DR), on the other hand, was a-okay in my book, no more no less. It definitely did not reflect the $80 bill by any means. Utilizing an abundance of ingredients and making the most of blending as many different flavors possible, I was somewhat disappointed with some of the outcomes.Carb-loading on the bread basket was easy, as three types of bread were offered. My personal favorite was the cranberry walnut bread, although one could easily have made a meal out of the white bread with the red sea salt butter.To start, the stench emanated from the Scallop Wellington appetizer was rather unpleasant. There may have been hints of foie gras in the presentation, but I certainly did not detect it. The robust savor of the scallops inside the crispy confines could potentially make this an enjoyable lead-in to dinner -- if you can overlook the smell.For my main, the seared duck breast, corn bread pudding, arugula, and blueberry mostarda sounded too good to be true. Disappointingly enough, the complexity of flavors simply did not mesh. While the duck was delicious, as it was steeped in its natural jus, I didn't care for the rest of my dish. My mom's fish du jour boasted a similar impressive-sounding interplay of tastes, but only the salmon proved to be the only noteworthy item on her plate.To end our meal, we decided to split the house made donuts with coffee ice cream. Note to self, never order donuts at a restaurant unless they are served with dipping sauces of some sort. To me, these donuts were generic tasting. For all I know, they could have come straight from Krispy Kreme.While I appreciated the attentive service and the warm, woody ambiance of DR, I thoroughly felt that the food aspect could use some slight improvements. Hearing the mix of certain items may titillate the ears, but sometimes they just don't settle well in the stomach afterwards. This restaurant is -- without a doubt -- culinary proof that opposites do NOT attract.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,6/24/2010,7,29,4,12,5>After moving into our house in Hilliard about 2 years ago, I began searching for a new nail salon (the one I went to before was in Grandview).  I found the Nail Retreat in Dublin and was pleasantly surprised!  Their prices are very reasonable -- $40-$45 for a mani and pedi.  The staff is extremely friendly and they really take their time to make sure that they are doing a good job (a pedicure takes about 1 hour). The technician that I use most frequently is named "Q," although I've used others.  All have been good.  I had a small girls night gathering here too and they let me bring in some champagne and were willing to stick around a little later than their normal closing time.  This is my new spot!  They also just got the new OPI gel polish (the kind that lasts 2-3 weeks) in!  The pedicures and manicures that I get at the Nail Retreat always last longer than at any of the top salons like Charles Penzone!!
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2010,6/23/2010,134,190,3,5,3>I used to shop at the North Market a lot before I became a vegan. I went this past weekend and found that my perception has changed slightly. Rather than rate this a three-star, I realize that for most people, this should be a four.  It's not the North Market that's changed - it's me.  Sounds like a break-up line.  It somewhat is....First off - bring cash for parking.  It's cheap, unless you fail to get your parking validated ($10 fee if you don't!), but they don't take credit cards at the gate, so bring a buck or two.  So what did we learn? Validate your parking, it will save you $10, and bring cash for parking.  Good!Now that you've remembered to bring your parking stub inside (I counted three people on the way in who had left their stubs on their dashboard - most likely not validated), let's talk about what's inside.As a vegan, you have to dig around. Meat, fish, dairy - it's everywhere.  Yes, there's a great selection of condiments in some of the stores, they do have flowers and produce which are generally safe, plus some places actually have items listed as vegan or know their food well enough to tell you what is, and what isn't veggie-friendly, but there's a lot of places that just don't cater to vegans at all.Example: the yummy chocolatier in the middle.  Super sad. I would probably buy a pound box of his super fancy and expensive chocolate...if only they had a single vegan-friendly product.  According to the person on-staff the day I went, everything has dairy in it.  She said there might have been one or two items that were vegan, but she wasn't sure. If she's not sure, I won't chance it. So, unfortunately, no sale.  For all non-vegans, this chocolate place rocks.Another example: the popcorn lady over in the corner. Her popcorn's great! However, every single popcorn she sells has butter, so - again - not vegan.I found myself walking around and around, finding something vegan that I could buy that would help me to validate my parking. I wasn't really feeling anything the first circuit or two - at least I got some exercise.I ended up going to one of the places that sells baked goods, bought a few vegan cookies, and got my parking validated.I know that many of my vegan friends go here and rave about it.  The outdoor market, which I believe is on Saturday but don't hold me to that, is pretty cool. An Amish farmer guy selling honey, pies and blocks of wood.  Do I sound cynical? The guy's pretty cool though - very religious but intelligent about it. They also have a greater selection of produce outside during the farmer's market time, which can be fun.Also outside, they have nice wooden picnic tables with the building overhanging.  This is great for fresh-air and I'm assuming it would be good for when it rains, and you still want to eat outside.  Inside, it tends to be crowded during peak hours.That's another concern: whenever I go, it's jam-packed, so I feel bad asking my standard vegan questions when there are 10 other people waiting anxiously behind me to buy their turkey leg or whatever. It's okay to be busy, and it's okay if I have to ask, but it's not okay if nothing's marked, you're packed full to capacity (I wonder if there's a fire capacity maximum for this building?) and all the cashiers are rushing around on multiple flanks.  I think someone should write a Vegan's Guide to the North Market.  A friendly tome containing a color-coded map of veggie-friendly places, and places to avoid.  I'm smart enough to stay away from the fish stand, but it's the gray areas that get confusing.Overall a generally fun experience if it's just you and/or a partner.  Kids can get easily sidetracked and overwhelmed with all the people and stuff around.If you're new to the North Market, don't visit when you're in a rush, especially during the North Market "rush hours," whenever those are.  They really should post them. If the outdoor farmer's market is on Saturday, make a date to go then, because I did have a fun time exploring all the fresh and local fruits and veggies in baskets.  It's been awhile since I've been able to make it, but the times that I went were always a good time.So here's the score: for your average person, this place is a 4-star or even 5-star.  For me, a lazy vegan who doesn't want to waste an hour or two finding the one or two things I can buy in this place, it's more like a 3-star.  I just averaged them out, and came up with a 4-star, because I don't want to ding them for my culinary preferences.Did I mention that you need to validate your parking, and bring a buck or two in cash to pay for it when you finally leave?  Yeah, do it.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,6/22/2010,183,780,4,4,7>Sorry, I can't update my review right now because I'm still dreaming about the ice cream I had on Saturday.  Creamy, rich strawberry buttermilk, slightly tangy rhubarb rose, and a surprising finale of Savannah buttermint...  Give me a minute.If you've never been here and you wonder if its worth it to stand in line halfway around the block just to get ice cream...Yes, it is.  I promise you won't be disappointed.  The staff is so incredibly friendly and helpful that my friends and I decided that they must spike the cucumber water that's up by the door with crack (which keeps us addicted fans coming back too).  And the flavours are out of this world.  They aren't one dimensional.  They don't taste like straight sugar.  They have several layers of surprises that just keep coming. As usual, between bites of ice cream, the conversation between my friends and I turned to sex.  What is better Jeni's Ice Cream or sex?  And whilst sex won, I'll have to admit, we all had to consider the answer for a second...
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2010,6/21/2010,902,285,4,5,5>I've only been here twice, both times with Brad S! Awwa.Had I reviewed this place the first time, about a year ago, I probably would have given it two stars. Because it was all just... confusing. There was NO ONE else here but us at prime lunch time in downtown Columbus. They seated us at this giant table for 10 people in the back, which also happened to be uneven, and our drinks kept sliding. The game of "keep your glass from shattering" DID keep us entertained until our food arrived though. I don't remember what I ate, but I know I didn't think it was worth the $ (I didn't do tapas, I know that) and somehow, we ended up with a $60 check for 4 drinks and 2 lunches... so that kind of sucked. And the parking situation... oh the parking situation...Well, we went back last week, and now that we both work in various buildings of Nationwide Plaza, the parking situation was avoided. When I walked in, there were OTHER PEOPLE there. How... charming. It was Tuesday, so it was buy one, get one free tapas (um, awesome) so I got what they called an Avocado Salad (but was really just guacamole... they do this with a lot of things to trick you... bastards) and some kind of fried cheese blob. Delicious. Filling. Only $5!!!I intend to be here for lunch every Tuesday for the rest of my life. Or until I get a new job in another part of town.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2009,6/20/2010,129,540,2,3,2>I really like this place.  Yes, it is a bit pricey, and no, it's no Lollicup with their five billion choices, but for the mid-west, this seems remarkably good.  Their smoothie combinations are excellent, and the boy proclaimed the "Midori" to be "the best smoothie I've had... ever."  The woman who runs the place is really nice, and upgraded my small smoothie to a large for free!With its spacious and comfortable sitting areas (especially the brown and red sofa -- the boy wants to steal this one), I'd expect this place to be overrun with Asian high schoolers and college students.  But the couple of times we've been here, there've only been one or two other people in the shop.  I particularly like the fact that the blenders are in the back of the store, instead of in the front area like most boba shops; this greatly reduces the chaotic sound of ice being crushed.But I didn't get a punch card, which is too bad, since I know I'll be coming here often.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,6/18/2010,7,71,5,7,5>I finally feel like I may have found the best Mexican in Columbus.  Only time and the joyous consumption of a lot more Mexican food will tell for sure, but Restaurant Karla is certainly the front runner in my book.  Apparently this place used to be called Cenduria Karla and it was on Sullivant.  Since they moved to the Broad St. location they still haven't put up new sign and -- at the time of this writing -- the sign on their restaurant still reads "El Huarache," which I assume was the restaurant that occupied their new digs before them.  More accurately, the sign reads "El H 'Arache" as the "U" has mysteriously been reduced to little more than an accent mark.  Don't let the outward appearance turn you off, though:  The food here is amazing. For starters, they serve a variety of traditional Mexican beverages called agua frescas.  I had a cinnamon one called  agua de horchata and, while I have limited basis for comparison, it was fantastic.  It was light and refreshing with just the right amount of cinnamon.Next up, based on the review at alteatscolumbus.com, we had the molcajete or, as we affectionately came to call it, the "meat pot."  The molcajete is a heated stone pot filled with meats and vegetables.  I'm sure I'm going to miss something but the dish included chorizo, smoked ham, chicken, shrimp, onions, cactus, and jalapenos.  All were excellent.  It comes with a plate of fixings (pico, guacamole, beans, and rice) and homemade tortillas, too.  The menu said it was for two, but we split it four ways and were satisfied.Even though we were all full after the molcajete, we were dying to try more of what Restaurant Karla had to offer so ordered some tacos.  I ordered buche and pastor.  The buche was among the best I've had and the pastor was on par with the better taco trucks around town.  To top it all off, the service was friendly and attentive, and four of us stuffed ourselves for under $50 -- including a couple beers and sodas.While I'm sure you can find better examples of particular items at some of the taco trucks around town (the pastor at Los Guachos comes to mind), the menu at Restaurant Karla is considerably more extensive than anything you'd find at a truck and there's something to be said for going to a restaurant with wait service. If tonight was any indication, Restaurant Karla is fast going to become my favorite restaurant.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,6/17/2010,10,53,,3,2>The place: Thurman is just south of German Village/Shiller Park. It's in an old, single story building. There are two main areas in the restaurant: a large waiting area where the bathrooms are located, and the bar/restaurant area. Let's be clear here: Thurman is a DIVE. It's a bar first and a restaurant second. Don't dress up, don't expect cleanliness, and don't come here if you're looking for anything but a big, huge burger ... just my advice. The food: OH. MY. GOODNESS. I've been to Thurman twice. The first time I had the Thurman Burger, the second time I had the Western Burger. They were each, respectively, one of the best burgers I've ever had. The Thurman Burger itself may well be the best burger I've ever eaten. The combination of the HUGE beef patty (fresh! never frozen!) with the vertibale garden of veggie-toppings (peppers, lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, sauteed onions) and the heaping pile of succulent, sweet ham, make this sandwich one you've gotta try before death. The chips and fries that come with the burgers are good, but nothing to write home about. For me, the only reason to come here are the burgers, and that's PLENTY of reason for me. The drinks: 5 beers on tap, nothing notable. Full bar, coke products. The service: Once you make it into the restaurant, the service is decent for a bar. The big problem here is that Thurman is ALWAYS completely packed. 2:00 on a Friday afternoon yielded a 1 hour wait, while 3:00 on a Sunday afternoon yielded a 2 hour wait. I would never plan on going to Thurman around an actual meal-time. Friday or Saturday evenings are a no-no. I tried once, and found I'd have to wait well over 2 hours for a table. I can't really fault Thurman for the wait. They're immensely popular and very tiny. It doesn't look like they have any room for expansion, nor any plans to make room. I don't mind the wait because I expect it, but it keeps me from coming here unless I REALLY want a giant burger or have plans to bring a friend to try one. The mega-long wait is why I knocked off a star.The crowd: lots of tourists and foodies, as a result of Thurman's national fame via Man v. Food. No complaints, really. Overall: The burgers are PERFECT and HUGE. Taking friends to Thurman is great fun. Watching their faces as their burgers arrive is hilarious, and it's fun to watch them try to finish the beheamouth sandwiches. The ONLY complaint I have about Thurman is the wait. Expect to wait between 1 and 2 hours (and warn your friends) and you'll have an unforgettable time.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,6/16/2010,44,55,4,2,6>I cannot believe I haven't written a review about the High Beck until now! I really enjoy dive bars... I like walking into a bar that hasn't changed in 15+ years. The bartenders are the same, the locals are pretty much the same and the art on the walls is..... well, exactly the same. They have darts, a pool table, ping pong and my favorite... photohunt. The bartenders are great... They have been around forever and pour pretty good drinks. Monday nights offer free pizza and I think Tuesdays are free hot dog nights.... The patio is great for people watching and relaxing on a nice evening or happy hour. The one issue I have with the High Beck... the bathrooms! I got locked in a stall in the ladies room on a Saturday afternoon about 4 years ago and I still haven't recovered from having to crawl under the door.  I recommend the buddy system when venturing to the basement bathrooms at the High Beck.... or take your cell phone.  All in all... The High Beck is a great local dive bar... the clientele is very diverse and rather friendly... @ Matthew M.... The lightning fast African guy is named NaNa and he has his own ping pong paddle. I watched him destroy everyone he played last weekend.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,6/15/2010,50,114,1,4,3>Went in for a quick lunch and left having had a great experience. Not being very familiar Cajun/Creole of any form I was happy that they let me taste anything I wanted before buying.  I settled on the non-spicy bourbon chicken laid atop bread instead of the usual rice. It was really good, not salty; it has a sweet sauce that tasted even better after soaking into the bread. I did have a few bites of the jambalaya and I can say it was not dry at all!  The staff did really well, patiently waiting on me try 4 different dishes without hurrying me along at all. I think if I had a problem with my food they would have let me switch for something else, so perhaps speak up so the problem is fixed right away! Overall, I highly recommend for a quick, cheap and very tasty lunch!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2010,6/14/2010,65,147,5,4,3>This place has a lot of really great potential, but there's something that's vastly missing from it.Situated right next to my apartment complex's gym (i.e lack of motivation), across the street from the bus stop, and just in my general vicinity, this place is constantly on my radar.Thankfully, this is place is not the best ice cream in Columbus...so thus, I don't eat it very often...so, FUCK YOU GYM HAHAHA.Okay, seriously. No more ranting about my personal vendetta against the gym (why do you hate me?!). Denise's has a ton of flavors and they all definitely taste homemade. However, after trying a couple of these flavors, they all started to taste similar. I had the chocolate once. Okay, good, solid. Then I decided to try the chocolate and brownie supreme. Um, where were the brownies? I got like two crumbs and the rest was all chocolate. Disappointment!The cookie dough was equally disappointing. It was Vanilla ice cream with..teensy crumbs of cookie dough. I'm going to make a really pretentious statement now. Gird your loins:In Physics, matter that is of different masses tends to not disperse equally in a container. Rather, the heaviest of matter tends to settle at the bottom of a container (that's why you loose your cell phone in your purse all the time!) So, I'm guessing all of these little brownie and cookie dough chunks are at the bottom of their containers. So, if you guys could, um, stir your containers more, ya know, it'd be real cool.-A message from your soon-to-be-science-teacher-nerd.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,6/13/2010,156,314,5,8,6>This place has been causing more raving than a rain of liquid MDMA from the heavens, and the lamentable truth is, folks, that I was simply too overwhelmed to go in. There was a wall of HYPE surrounding the door, impenetrable to my corporeal form. It took a Gallery Hop, some cajoling, and a seriously difficult walk past Mikey's Late Nite Slice to get there, but, as you can see from my Star Rating*, it was well worth this Trek of the Ages.There's something downright charming about more or less rubbery menus, places that use chalkboards and write out whatever the hell it was they got around to cooking that morning. Alongside a stable of staples are rotating menu items that may or may not reflect true Cajun or Creole cooking- to be honest, I really wouldn't know. This is only the second such place I have ever been to, and the first I've liked at all.And Like it I Did. I thought first to order the Pozole Stew, but my friend ahead of me ordered it, and I figured I could get something different for comparison's sake. Then I thought to order the Hunter's Stew, but my next friend, being a gifted Psychic and Traitor (apparently), ordered THAT. (On a positive note re: Hunter's Stew: there are a few gluten free items on the menu.) So I finally mentally, silently settled on the jambalaya which, of course, my next friend ordered so I gave up and got it anyways. So much for all that.I was not disappointed. The jambalaya is about what I expected from a healthy appreciation of Zattarain's boxed dinners, but a damn sight better, to be conservative in my praise. The $7 capital-g Generous "full plate" was a huge pile of flavorful, substantial rice laden with spices, veggies, ginormous hunks of dark meat I devoured without identifying, and bits of sausage. My particular ladling of jambalaya was light on the sausage, but I accept the vagaries of such things with a smile. Hail Eris!The jambalaya would have been well and good on its own, but the bread, Holy God, the bread. Little, just-enough strips of garlic bread with all manner of reddish spiceys and flavors and ohhhhh. Suffice to say my two pieces were gone in a flash. In the end, although full, I also ordered- for the table, thank Jesus, not just for me- a slice of "Elvis Pie" which, while regrettably not deep fried, was a delicious mousse-type pie of chocolate, peanut butter, and chunks of banana with a whipped topping. It was quite good, although we couldn't decide if it was home-made, locally bought, or a boxed pie- in the end we didn't care, as we were too busy fighting over the crumbs. It was a hell of a time to be sure. The guy who was manning the counter (he had the air of ownership, but maybe he was just some Cool Dude) was superbly friendly, and he even delivered our food to our table, a total non-necessity on a busy Gallery Hop night when we were sitting so near the counter. Still! Awesome! All our food was brought out at once so no one had to Puppy Dog Eye anyone. But all that pales in comparison to the discovery of the Ms. Pacman machine hiding near the restrooms. I popped in a borrowed quarter and more than doubled the high score on the machine, leaving it with something like 69,000 something? I don't remember.I hope they don't power down the machine often!*"Star Rating" here refers to my 5-star review of Yelp, not my personal Star Rating, which was well over 2,000 at the time of this writing.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,6/12/2010,99,131,5,7,4>WHAT?!?!?!? I have passed this place maybe 50-100 times, every time I do I think, I need to check this place out. Finally, I did. It was FREAKIN AWESOME!!! The inside is very cozy and welcoming. Nice warm wood paneling. Our waitress was a bit peculiar but also fun. She was a high school student in the area and her social skills weren't all there. She was very nice and very fun to talk to. During our meal the owner came and talked to us twice. That's right I said TWICE!!! The first time it was more of a thanks for coming in I'm the owner I hope you enjoy yourself. The second time I felt like he was an old friend I haven't seen in a few years and we were catching up. My friend ordered the Turkish coffee and he delivered it himself and told us about the tradition of the coffee; how it was brewed and how his mother would tell fortunes in the stains, which led to asking about us, which led us asking about him which led to him coaching soccer at ODU, having a PHD and being a professor, which led to to Olive Tree. Like I said old friend. On to the food.... Greek salad, very tasty, the dressing was a white sauce that tasted a lot like tanziki (i butchered the spelling). I had the spice gyro platter. Holy crap! It was spicy but nothing I couldn't handle. The gyro meat was so soft and tender, HMMMMM MMMM GOOD! The little lady had the feta and veggie pita, also delic! My friend had the veggie platter, the olive leaves were also very good! The Olive Tree is very unique to H-Town (Hilliard for all of those that are not from here). There isn't another Mediterranean restaurant, in the area. Location, Location, Location.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,6/11/2010,12,168,3,4,3>My vegetarian brother got me a gift certificate to this place.  Thank you!  The service was great and the products were even better.  On my first visit they insisted that we try about ten different things.  Although I was very full from brunch, they were very persuasive.  Everything is made on site according to traditional German recipes.  I have to agree with Sally M. about the Landjadger as a satisfying, distinctive, crave-inducing snack.  I was also impressed by the Schinken, a German smoked meat similar to Prosciutto.  Not to mention the best smoked turkey of my life, and some pretty excellent beef bologna.  Next time I plan to bring home some double-smoked bacon.  Pricing was reasonable for what amounts to an artisanal product.  Thurn's only takes cash or check.  However, they offered to let my friend take his meat and mail them a check, or put it on "his tab" and pay next time.  This does not happen in Columbus in 2010, but I swear it did at Thurn's.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2009,6/10/2010,25,48,1,5,4>I agree with Maya C. Since I've been sampling the vegetarian options, I thought I'd write just about that. The vegetarian tacos are little hand made shells, filled with grilled onions, squash, jalapenos and well seasoned with Fajita spice. Carlos the owner is a former executive chef and he treats the veggie options with respect, not like an afterthought. Another option is the veggie burrito, ask for an avocado upgrade for a mere 50cents extra, or the Chilie Rellenos, stuffed with what else...cheeeeeese topped with their red bell-pepper sauce. Carlos assured me that there will be an explosion of options coming soon, like fried fish for Sundays and a full dinner menu at taco-truck prices. I'm doing what I can to support him, as he's hard working, his kitchen is clean, and he has a dream. Oh, and he's open till 11pm every night but closed on Wednesdays.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,6/9/2010,90,162,2,5,4>I've driven by Pho Asian Noodle House and Grill countless times, headed to my favorite Half Price Books location. Deciding Thai food or a huge bowl of pho was definitely appropriate for such a cold, snowy night but my wallet feeling a little light, I decided to shy from the Short North's expensive pan-Asian cuisine in favor of something new. ...And I've discovered my new favorite hole-in-the-wall.Pho Asian Noodle House looks, honestly, a bit like a Mexican restaurant, harking to its past as a Taco Bell. But it's the food and friendly service that counts. My dining partner and I ordered a large spicy beef noodle soup and some salad rolls from the Vietnamese side of the menu and pad thai and crab rangoon from the Thai and Chinese selections. The crab rangoon were rich and deliciously hot and crispy from the fryer while the salad rolls were light, filled with rice noodles, sprouts, shrimp, and tons of basil in a clear wrapper.The entrees arrived quickly and were huge. The spicy beef noodle soup had soft noodles, a rich broth, and tender chunks of beef, coming with a generous side of cilantro, sliced jalapenos, and bean sprouts. The pad thai is as good as any I've had at Lemongrass, Nida's, or Haiku-- sweet with a salty hint of fish sauce and shrimp paste, plenty of crushed peanuts, a touch of citrus, and a good bit of heat from chiles. It wasn't too oily or oversauced and the shrimp I had added were plump, perfectly cooked, and plentiful.The best part? My dining partner and I only ended up paying about $10 each. With two LARGE appetizers (three massive salad rolls and six crab rangoon) and two entrees that easily could've fed two, this has to be the best deal for quality Asian food and friendly, swift service in Columbus.It's great to see a family-owned place like this doing so well. For the record, in the midst of the worst snow storm we've have this winter (yet), the restaurant was completely full.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,6/8/2010,160,933,3,8,4>From the outside, the Lalibela has a deceptive look of being a mexican style cantina.Imagine our surprise when we walked in and found a full ethiopian hangout bar & restaurant.Accepting it for what it was, we sat down for dinner in the empty dining room. The barely english-spoken waitress took our order from the standard ethiopean menu (lamb, beef, chicken, vegan) and brought us some drinks. While waiting for the food we commented on the drab decor, and resisted laughing at the ethiopian people at the bar that were laughing and pointing at us with the general obvious thought that we were out of place.The food came after about 12-15 minutes, during which time we had a waitress change, I explained to the new waitress that I had ordered a spicy lamb dish (I only received salad and rice) and she apologized and promptly brought out the rest of the food. The salad was the highlight of the meal, very fresh, with the random addition of potatos. the rice was well cooked, allthough I'm not a fan of long grain/jasmin style rice. The lamb was ok, but not spectacular, it was very spicy and cut up into very small chunks, it had good flavor but was obviously cut up from a fatty-sinew-laden part of the lamb.The portion sizes were huge, and my wife's vegan dish was also served with the traditional giant plate pancake type thing. Definitely enough for two meals in one serving here.What really got the four stars here was the price, a cool $15.99 for two. Granted I think the second waitress that rang us out forgot to put our $3 worth of drinks on there, but still, well worth the price, and definitely a place I would consider again.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,6/7/2010,28,62,3,3,3>Holy Hot Dogs Batman, I feel it is BLASPHEMOUS that I have not reviewed a place that I frequent almost weekly now. At Dirty Franks its about having a good time...and they deliver exactly on that!Granted, the hot dog isn't the classiest of food items, but here they make it an adventure. Heck, anyone who gets recognized by a national news website for calling their plain dog the "Glenn Beck" gets a gold star in my book. I am quite fond of the Lara's Pittsburgh Princess Dog, which is topped with french fries with malt vinegar and a heaping amount of cole slaw. This dog is actually named for the kitchen manager over at Surly Girl Saloon, who is also a frequent patron of DF's. The fries are always great in my opinion, as are the various ways you can eat a tater tot. Other favorite dogs I have are: The Fire on the Rhine, the Seoul Dog, and the Classy Lady.I also like drinking here just because of the slushies. Did you know that a slush plus your choice of poison comes with a little plastic critter decorating the rim of your drink? But, they also do have a pretty good beer selection on tap if your tastes take you that way. Recently, they've started doing two things here that I love. First, Costume Karaoke Mondays with KJDirtyoke. While DF's is a bit small inside, having the entire place sing along to karaoke is one of the most fun things I've done this winter. It usually starts around 9-9:30pm every monday. Also, they've been doing themed city nights- specials that start at 10pm and are $5. It usually consists of a city themed dog, beer, and a city of fries. For example, the Pittsburgh nights [which are thursdays] consist of a Lara Dog, and Iron City beer, and fries for only $5!! While the specials are a little late, its still a great deal.All in all, the only thing I could ask Dirty Frank's to change is to get a bigger location or a second location! This place is so much fun to go with friends, but accommodating larger groups is not their forte. But, with the success that they have been having I can totally see this happening in their future!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,6/6/2010,14,72,,9,3>I pretty much agree with the other reviews, but I will give them 4 stars at breakfast for the following things: Double yolk eggs - I don't know how they can get so many double yolk eggs - my suspicion is they are feeding you 2 medium size eggs and calling it a double yolk...any ways you order 2 eggs you are getting 4 medium sized eggs - yolks and all. Homemade sausage - it's delicious - full of sage - 3 2 ounce patties cooked thoroughly with out being flattened to death like Bob Evans. Real potato hash browns - these are real spuds - either left over baked potatoes from the day before or roasted for that day - they are fantastic - none of these pre-made, over seasoned "breakfast potatoes" or dehydrated shredded hash browns. Good coffee - it's Superior's restaurant blend, but it is fresh ground and tasty...I wish the coffee cups were bigger because you're constantly in need of more coffee. Also real half and half - no non dairy nonsense... Pancakes - they're not the best - that goes to Perkins, but they are tasty and firm - better than Bob's Accommodating - they will meet your requests - like cheese and onions in your hash browns or egg-whites only since they don't have egg beaters Family run - this restaurant is owned by a family - Mother, Son and Daughter wait on tables - their Father opened the restaurant but died too early in life - they carry on his vision. I do wish they'd upgrade their jelly and OJ (jelly from Superior Restaurant supply and OJ from Kroger's), but the quality things above make this a great diner for breakfast!
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,6/5/2010,66,98,8,2,3>oh dearest tart yogurt, how wrong it was of me to abandon you during the summer of 2007.  i confess, i was thinking only of myself when the land of cornfields and buckeye football called to me.  it was my fault, i should have never left you in the concrete landscape of new york city.  but you prevailed!  i knew you would!  the journey you made from the left coast to new york prepared you for the two year long adventure into the heartland.  your creamy, puckering, icey treats inspires song and dance from deep within my loins.  oh dearest tart yogurt, please accept me into your perfect swirling folds dotted with juicy fresh fruit bits.  i swear, upon the graves of tasti-d-lite and tcby, i will visit you every day for the remainder of my life.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,6/4/2010,16,18,4,5,3>For me, Lindey's lived up to its hype! My husband and I decided to sit at the bar not knowing what to expect. Immediately we felt like we were back in NYC. With the copper bar, white table cloths, and vibrant characters: this place easily could have passed as an Upper East Side establishment. After taking in the scenery, we skimmed through their wine list. I was in the mood for Primitivo, my favorite kind of wine. They didn't have it, so we took a chance on a bottle of red Zinfandel from California and were very pleased! it was a fair 34 bucks. Since the wine was a success, we decided to have dinner there. The bartender suggested the Wedge Salad and the Hunan Pork Chops. I was leaning more towards pasta, but decided to trust him. Right he was! The wedge salad was crisp and creamy, while the Pork was tender and flavorful. We were on such a food high that we even ordered dessert.  The Post Mortem is their hazelnut chocolate brownie with coffee ice cream and Kahlua hot fudge sauce. The description says it all:)If I had more money in the bank, I'd be a regular. However, I hear they have a fabulous happy hour and I'm eager to take advantage of it!
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2009,6/3/2010,884,714,1,6,4>I have to echo the statements of other reviewers.  While I don't think Peking Dynasty beats out my favorite Chinese restaurant in my hometown, it is definitely the best I have found in Columbus.  I used to eat lunch here all the time back in college, but I haven't been here in a few years now so I won't even try to talk about specific dishes. What I can say is that when I was a regular they absolutely remembered me and always asked about school and how I was doing when I came in.  The lunch special is definitely a nice value with the included extras.Not only does it have a cocktail menu full of bizarrely named, exotic drinks, but it also has a very divey looking bar you can enjoy them at if you'd prefer that to a seat in the dining room.  It also has its own off-street parking lot, if that sort of thing matters to you.Unquestionably the best service you will get at a Chinese restaurant in Columbus, and highly likely to be among the best food you'll find at a Chinese restaurant as well.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,6/2/2010,598,616,8,8,9>Zen and the Art of Shopping at Whole Foods a communist perspective on the capitalist enterprise that is Whole Foods______There's that whole joke about Whole Foods being "whole paycheck." Yes, yes, I get it. Ask any grad student in the humanities at OSU how much we get paid (below poverty level, actually), and you'll see why I would tend to agree with that sentiment. And yet, I still shop with, am grounded by, obsessed with, Whole Foods. Specifically the Whole Foods on rte. 161. How could this be, you ask me? Well, let me fill you in on my reasoning and strategy. I purchase produce and some other goods, such as cereal, cereal bars, soy milk, nuts, snacks, etc, at Whole Foods. For almost everything else, I shop at my friendly neighborhood Giant Eagle (Clintonville, rep'sent!). The best example I can give for my reasoning is this: today, and for the last three weeks, I bought apples for $1.49/lb. This is actually cheaper than at Giant Eagle - the apples are from Washington, but if you want to pay $1.99/lb, this week you can buy locally grown apples. A lot of shopping at Whole Foods for me is the fact that there is, esp. at this location, So Much locally grown produce and dry goods. Locally grown is important to me, and if not locally grown (ex: apples), then regionally or at least U.S. grown produce that's in season. I also bought Ohio-grown basil today for $1.99, for a larger bunch than you could buy, imported from out of the country, at Giant Eagle. Locally Grown!!! Cheap!! DELICIOUS. In fact, walking around this store makes me feel so entirely Zen, calm, complete... that I usually stay an extra bunch of minutes just wandering around, looking at things. And the way the store smells... oh God. Just... you have to go smell it if anything. It smells like heaven. So anyway, there's the whole part about buying local, buying seasonal (and therefore, inexpensive). But there's that whole pesky capitalist part, yeah? I'm not one of those people who pays $25.00/lb for a steak that's not even a prime cut, so that alleviates a bit of the guilt, but let's talk about our options... Specially, in my neighborhood, we have the Community Co-Op. I used to be a member of said establishment, because buying local and supporting the immediate economy is important to me - however, politics and unfortunate circumstances have caused the Clintonville Community Co-Op to go vastly downhill. Prices are way jacked up and selection is way down. This is unfortunate, and as I mentioned, graduate students may as well work part time at BK for the amt. we get paid (at least in the humanities - I'm sure the sciences and business and whatnot get way more than us). Soo... There's Trader Joe's - but Trader Joe's is exactly that. They don't sell much local anything, and their prices are inexpensive because you're buying cheaply made and imported goods mainly from other countries. So, that pretty much leaves us with Whole Foods. Due to an ongoing discussion about the politics of shopping at Whole Foods, I've looked into the establishment a bit. As far as I understand, Whole Foods actually does a lot to support the local community, depending on where you live. As central Ohio is rich in farmland, this particular store buys much of its produce, dairy, and meat locally. Not only this, but the corporation on the whole *shudder*, at several points in the fiscal year,  donates a portion of sales to a specific local cause. I'm not saying Whole Foods is at all perfect - but the word "corporation" doesn't Have to be synonymous with pure evil. I Don't, however, condone things that the company has done in terms of putting other, smaller organic/local groceries out of business. In my hometown of Portland, ME, for example, Wild Oats, which later turned into a Whole Foods when they merged, put the small, locally-owned Green Grocer out of business when they moved in next door (yes, next door). Having witness the downfall of the Co-Op, I can safely say this is not what happened in Clintonville. Of course, I don't condone what occurred in Portland, and I wish everything was small and local, but globalization, which I cannot singlehandedly arrest, allows for and encourages this type of corporatization. As long as the corporations can remain ethnical, and give back to and support the local community, then I think we'll all be okay. Of course,  I'd rather see Marx's maxim, "each according to ability, each according to need" enacted... but for now... this will do. Shop smartly, be mindful, and you'll do just fine at Whole Foods. I recommend this store over the one on Lane, which is kind of shoddy and small and doesn't have as many local options. Another plus, I've found, is that I buy less food, all of which is of higher quality than what I find myself purchasing for "cheap" at Giant Eagle (btw, I adore the Eag), and I'm much more mindful of my cooking and eating experiences. Yes, Zen and the Art of Shopping at Whole Foods.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,6/1/2010,309,391,6,5,5>Talk about your extreme makeover! It's like Ricki Lake took the trashy teenager that was Cuppy's Coffee and transformed the space into the beautiful debutant that is now Impero.Gone are the leopard print lamps and trashy eyeliner! Now we have white clean walls, dark leather sofas, and classy frosted window doors. Now Impero needs to find their own style while taking away what they've learned from their magical makeover. May I suggest some rotating gallery space on the walls?Alright, looks aside, what about the substance? My latte was amazing! I took a long sip, turned to my friend and said, "Now that's good". Ordering in gets you a big beautiful white mug full of your favorite latte with a beautiful example of latte art staring you straight in the face. The taste is smooth and not bitter at all. Impero's price points are reasonable, and like Melanie B. said, pick up an SBB card and get your drink upgraded!Impero has small plates and baklava provided by the equally delicious Lavash Cafe. Hummus with warmed pita, stuffed grape leaves, and salads make Impero a lunch spot, not just a coffee spot.The atmosphere was a little sterile, but I stayed for 2 hours without feeling like I was intruding. I noticed a few folks working out of Impero on their laptops. I've got to give Impero mad props for their music selection as well. Definitely conducive to staying all day!
