<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,11/26/2014,56,252,8,9,7>When your regular cigar shop and hangout closes, you are left in a world of all-too-healthy loneliness.  When a top-notch cigar bar rides in on a white horse, that once lonesome, fine tobacco craving world reaches its rapture.  That pale horse-riding establishment is none other than Blend Bar & Cigar.Blend Bar & Cigar is a true cigar bar--in the truest sense.  They have a fantastic, professional ambiance, which is greatly enhanced by their wide-array of seating options (from bar seats, to tables, to leather couches and chairs).  The drink selection is impressive.  Whether you want a top-shelf scotch or bourbon--or a fine European beer, you'll find it at this bar.  If you prefer to pair your cigar with caffeine, Blend also offers a very nice pot of coffee in a French press.  If that doesn't meet your fancy, I'm sure they'd be happy to pour you a Diet Coke.Now that I have covered the seating and drink options, it's time to discuss the entire reason that anyone would patronize Blend in the first place: the cigars.  While many other inferior cigar bars only have a cabinet full of cigars, Blend Bar & Cigar has an impressive walk-in humidor.  While the selection of cigars may not be as thorough as your tobacconist's, it is well stocked with the likes of Davidoff, Camacho, and Drew Estate (including the Undercrown line, my particular non-Padron favorite)--among many others. While on the topic of Padron cigars, I was disappointed that Blend did not carry them.  This is the only area in which Blend Bar & Cigar needs to drastically improve.  While other cigar bars charge an exorbitant price for a stick, this establishment keeps their prices reasonably low.  In fact, it would not in in any way out of the question to purchase a cigar at Blend as one would from their tobacconist.  In addition to their cigars, Blend Bar & Cigar also carries a line of fine smoking accessories, like cigar cutters, lighters, and ashtrays.As anyone who frequents cigar shops, lounges, and bars knows, the places can get overwhelmingly smoky.  Blend Bar & Cigar seems to master the art of air filtration.  Despite at least 100 cigars being smoked at one time, the customer will not have any problem making out the face of his or her beautiful date.I could not write a review on Blend Bar & Cigar without mentioning their terrific staff.  From the moment the customer enters the bar, he is greeted warmly, with every need attended.  The staff is also very professional and all seemed to have a working knowledge of fine tobacco and spirits.Blend Bar & Cigar: You are #1.  You deserve to have very, very long lines.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,11/25/2014,25,134,1,6,5>I was ecstatic when the new Duos Eskenazi location opened, a different work lunch option in walking distance, beyond the generic, sad hospital cafeteria food.   The staff is fantastically friendly and are happy to explain any ingredients to the food-sensitive or quinoa-newbies.  The entire place is covered in stainless steel, with minimalist-looking seating and glass walls, so as to better people-watch in the newer Eskenazi outdoor area.I've sampled and loved all of the following: curried quinoa salad w. toasted almonds, dill red potato salad, BLT w. avocado, smokey asparagus sandwich w. goat cheese, the "Big Al" w. mozzarella, balsamic vinegar & roasted red pepper, gourmet grilled cheese w. bacon, lemon bar, balance bowl and the moroccan chickpea salad w. fresh mint. Breakfast-wise, they make a killer red-eye, stock chocolate croissants from Circle City Sweets (I think?),  and are starting to expand their options to include breakfast sandwiches.  Special menu items swap out on a regular basis based on seasonal availability....so don't get too devoted to your asparagus frittata or leek soup, but expect something just as delicious around the corner.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,11/24/2014,30,79,1,6,4>I FINALLY went here last night with the folks. Even my mom was like "You've never been here?!" It was a great experience in every regard! Seating for 3 people at 6:30 on a cold Wednesday was no problem. It is a very pretty restaurant - I can't wait to try the patio when it gets warmer! Our waiter, Antonio, was super nice, attentive, and helpful when we couldn't decide which delicious-looking dishes to order. And every single thing we ordered (while I don't want to think about the calories) was amazing! I listed them all below:- Podere Montepulciano D'Abruzzo wine - a great deal- Artichoke fritters - delicious!- Calimari - very light and crisp with a great aioli- Tomato soup - really good!- Rosemary chicken - super moist- Rosemary chicken lasagna - delicious- Carbonara - very heavy dish but delicious!- Tiramisu - amazing! So, 5 stars all around!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,11/23/2014,49,140,2,6,5>On the corner of N. New York St. and N. State Ave lies the most non-assuming building with a very distinctive name.  La Parada Mexican Restaurant.  Since moving from Los Angeles, I have been on a never-ending search for good Mexican food here in Indianapolis and to date, I have been extremely disappointed.  La Parada offers nothing exceptional from the outside, but please, I beg you, do NOT let that stop you from entering this gem of a restaurant.Although the outside of the building may appear run down and unfriendly, once you step inside you are about to be transported to a mini Mexican Heaven.  The chairs, booths and walls are bright and vibrant with color and art.  The floors are about as spotless as you could imagine and the staff are welcoming and friendly.  The menu offers standard Mexican fare and there is plenty to choose from.  If you want to try a bit of everything, there are combination plates.  If you want meat...they've got it.  Want seafood?  They've got you covered.  Or maybe today you just want a burrito.  Prepare your taste buds because they've got plenty!Today I decided to try a combination so I could sample some of the basic Mexican choices.  I ordered combination #4 which included a hard shell taco, an enchilada and a tamale.  Of course, the combination came with rice and beans.  I ordered a shredded beef taco.  The taco shell was ok.  I'm not sure if it was made there or not.  It didn't have the "home made" feel that I'm used to.  The taco itself was great however.  The beef was reasonably seasoned but is truly meant to be eaten in the taco...not alone.  On a scale of 1-5, I'd give the taco a 4.  The enchilada was great.  The red enchilada sauce was good.  It was seasoned well and boasted flavors of chili rather than powder as many red sauces do.  The cheese inside was NOT colby (which I am so thankful for.  What is it with Mexican restaurants in Indy using Colby in their enchiladas?!).  The enchilada also gets a 4/5.  The pork tamale was light and flavorful.    Nothing super special here but I will note how fresh it tasted.  The tamale gets a 4/5.  The rice was light, not heavily seasoned but flavorful.  In fact, the rice reminded me of rice you'd get in Baja California (as opposed to the mexican rice served in LA restaurants).  It was very  light and fresh.  Rice gets a 4/5.  The beans.  Now this is where I'm impressed.  This is the FIRST place I've been to in Indianapolis that serves GOOD beans.  Flavor.  I was beginning to give up hope on Indianapolis beans!  The beans get a 5/5.So overall, I have to say that this may truly be the best Mexican restaurant in Indianapolis.  Clean, friendly, great menu, reasonable prices and excellent quality food that's not swimming in grease.  La Parada translates to "The Stop" and I'll have to agree.  This IS the stop for Mexican food in Indianapolis.  Estupendo!!!!  Well done La Parada!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,11/22/2014,150,96,3,4,4>Yummy beers. Great people. One off my favorites new day is their guest tap. This place has a bright future. Exactly what the south side needs. More to come in an updated review. Get here! Good stuff.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,11/21/2014,24,88,3,6,3>This place was phenomenal!  Went here for lunch while at a conference downtown.  I wanted to meet a friend someplace local but also didn't want the normal burger and fries or fast food.  I decided to get the pesto bird and was blown away by this flavor bomb!!  I didn't know what to expect but got so much more!  Grilled chicken breast to perfection, topped with Swiss cheese, pesto aioli, avacado, lettuce, onion, pickle, and tomato.  It was juicy, messy, crunchy and just what I needed to put me in a food coma for the 2nd half of a boring day of convention going.  I can't wait for another downtown adventure so I can go again!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,11/20/2014,57,87,3,7,5>I've been wanting to experience 3 Days in Paris for months now... So I was ecstatic that they would be at the Yelp Bold and Beautiful event. They were my favorite food of the night, and they were the first thing I tasted. I had some of their lemon 20 layer crepe cake and it literally melted in my mouth. It was so moist and delicious that I probably could've eaten the entire cake by myself with little to no shame.There is no doubt that this will be on the top of my list of places to visit on my first trip to the city market.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,11/19/2014,99,63,3,7,3>Gluten-free Chicken Pesto pizza and Fountain Square Pilsner. A perfect combination!That's right, folks. Gluten-free pizza. When you've got kids, then you've got to have pizza. And the fact that Jockamos has a gluten-free crust option is FTW.Let's talk about their other pizza, though, too.Shipwreck!Lazy Boy!Slaughterhouse 5!Cheese Louise!It's all good, y'all.They also have a great selection o salads, bread sticks and sauces, sandwiches and apps.Local beer on tap and the bottle is a plus for us, as well as the short walk from home. :)Prices range on the middling side.Service is adequate. It doesn't suck, but sometimes you'll get a fairly fresh high schooler who is still learning the ropes.GENEROUS free soda refills. I suggest unless you are planning to take your kids somewhere to run around and burn off energy for a few hours afterwards, you make sure they get something decaffeinated. HA!Delivery is also an option in a small area, but make sure to get your order in early because they get super busy. (There is almost always a wait to get a table)
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,11/18/2014,112,27,2,4,5>SHORT REVIEW:  Find a place to park and go inside.  This place is awesome for awesome people.  You're reading this on Yelp; you're awesome.  There!  Now you're invited!LONG REVIEW:  Though I found myself vacillating between 4 & 5 stars, Thirsty Scholar is a pleasant rarity among the commonplace "coffeehouse."- LOCATION/FACILITY: I applaud the location and facility here.  16th & Pennsylvania is not an over-worked intersection, but it is certainly not an unexciting corner either.  It's situated on the corner, in plain view, with it's aesthetic context-appropriate marquee lit up.  From the outside, the stylings of the Thirsty Scholar brand and the name itself both tell you what you're getting into when you come in.  This ain't your zip in and zip out Starbucks; no.  When you come here, you come here to...to....to...pontificate -Thirsty  "Scholar."  You come here to exist in the atmosphere, to spend a few moments progressing yourself, listening, reading, learning, observing, thinking; much like the scholars would in the coffeehouses in the days of yore.  The parking situation isn't perfect, but they certainly try to ameliorate during the day with free parking in the rear before 6pm.- FOOD/DRINKS: I was stuck on offering 4 or 5 stars for this facet alone.  Thirsty Scholar isn't a restaurant, nor a bar.  So, understanding that, it offers some light foods and some light drinks while coffee drinks are at the heart of the matter.  Food is almost an afterthought on purpose here, to keep the purpose of "coffeehouse" as a centre of ideation, creation, and conversation in the forefront.  When I recognized that, this place gets 5 stars from me for keeping is simple and evoking a nostalgia in the vintage look and feel...like letter writing, which you should do here while nibbling on something small.- SERVICE: The staff here both look and seem like they want to be there, which makes for a great experience.  Not only are they happier to serve scholars, but they are also more likely to stay on the team longer.  They make it feel like you could become friends with them and stay a customer as long as you want.  That's rare these days.  I appreciate this very much.- MUSIC: The volume isn't overwhelming and doesn't distract from your work or conversations.  But it is audible for when you want to pay attention to it, you can ask them what song is playing and end up striking up conversation with the staff about their eclectic playlists!- OVERALL: This hipster, local-product loving, free Wi-Fi having, vintage-inspired place rocks.  It's suitable for slowing down life and taking some time to focus on....whatever (or whomever) needs a healthy dose of your time and energy.  Drink up.Here's a tip: Try the mocha with brown sugar cinnamon syrup!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,11/17/2014,295,229,3,9,6>While I wouldn't go as far to say this is a dive bar, I'd go as far to say this is the most economically sound bar in the Indy Metro area. $2 wells. 24 hours a day. I can't. I almost cried from happiness. The menu is huge, and everything was delicious. I have some artichoke pasta that warmed my soul on a blustery winter morn, er, afternoon. It was definitely afternoon.The service was great, and I was in good company.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,11/16/2014,227,380,5,6,5>I'm always pleased when I find a local business on the NW side of the city. While there are plenty of places to dine, most of them are chains. Midday is a local "oasis" in a sea of restaurant chains packed with lunchtime crowds.Midday is a small little place tucked away in a strip mall that looks like it's barely hanging on. It's a rather plain looking place inside and out, but the menu selection is quite large with breakfast and lunchtime sandwich options, served hot or cold. I had the Reuben and was very happy. Some places drown them in thousand island dressing to the point of being soggy, but this was had just the right amount on it.In addition to my delicious sandwich, I also gave the Vegetarian Vegetable soup a try. If this wasn't homemade, you could have fooled me. The vegetables still had some crunch to them, there wasn't too much sodium AND it was nice and hot. Just what I needed on a cold nasty Indiana afternoon.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,11/15/2014,15,115,3,5,5>Yats, I'm always going to love you. The location of the new restaurant is awesome. Usually I can score free parking in the back in the handful of Yats-customer-only parking spots. It took awhile for me to get used to the vibe of the new location. It has a much more upscale feel than the old place. And it kind of makes me sad. I loved the dive feel of the first Mass Ave location. The mismatched chairs, funky (and usually wobbly) tables, the beads, the stuff all over the walls.But when you've been an Indy staple as long as Yats has it's okay to grow up a bit, to feel more adult. And I'm starting to love the new location just as much as the old one.The food is still fantastic. The usual standbys are generally on the menu, chili cheese etouffee, red beans, white chili, gumbo, jambalaya... And I can often get one of my new favs, the drunken chicken. I wish they offered some of the more unique dishes on a more frequent basis (red chili, black chili, hunters stew, chorizo etouffee, etc.) but I can always find something on the menu to make me happy.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,11/14/2014,61,83,1,4,5>This place is awesome! Finally made a point to stop in the last time I was in Irvington and it was totally worth it. Had a scoop of their chocolate and it was the creamiest, richest chocolate ice cream I've ever had! Tried my boyfriend's chocolate shake (made with the same ice cream) and I was in heaven. Will totally stop back in when I have a sweet tooth in Irvington.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,11/13/2014,122,723,5,7,4>I finally found the secret to going to Twenty Tap and enjoying yourself...show up between 2 and 5pm. It's a LOT less crowded and you probably won't have to wait for a table. I've always loved the food but have generally been put off by the loudness and those weird 2-tops that are half booth and half table. Butts skimming pint glasses as people get in and out...not cool. We went Saturday and arrived at about 3:45. We were seated immediately and even got to choose our table! He had a pint of some porter, I had a flight which included 3 microbrews (a stout, a hefeweizen, and a scotch ale). All the beers were delicious. LOVE that you can get a 3-beer flight for $6 because I like to try all the beers but don't like to get drunk at lunch. We split the cheese curds, which are awesome, then split the spicy Cuban sandwich (a regular Cuban but with pepperjack subbed for swiss and sriracha added), also awesome, with awesome fries. We had a bottle of Sriracha on the side for dipping the curds in along with the garlic and chimichurri aiolis. Yum, yum, yum. Portions here are good-sized, so unless you have a monstrous appetite splitting an entree and an app between 2 people will likely be plenty of food. If you're still not full after your curds and such, Graeter's ice cream is just a few blocks away at 56th and Illinois.Crave: Cheese Curds, Cubans, Beers, Beer Cheese, Aiolis
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,11/12/2014,29,45,5,5,4>Keystone Sports Review seems like a place that you don't want to tell anyone about after you've found it, because of that menu item that's the best in the city.  So it seems a little counter-intuitive, then, to be writing a Yelp review of the place.I'm just going to confirm what everyone else is saying - these are the best chicken wings you'll find in all of Indianapolis, and they're unbelievably cheap considering the quality.  Anything else I say is going to be redundant, therefore: stop reading this review, go down to Keystone Sports Review, and get some dang wings!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,11/11/2014,20,82,1,5,2>I came here for a business meeting. I did not get the chance to eat much but by the looks of the pizza everyone else really enjoyed it. They also brought out some garlic bread of some kind and it was swimming in a lake of garlic butter it looked amazing. I did have a bite of the pizza and it was really tasty. I would like to go again and actually sit down to eat some pizza. If you are in the area you should give it a try.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,11/10/2014,15,280,1,8,8>I adore this generically-named little place. My husband and I made a trek to Indy to get sushi since there's no decent places within 50 miles of our little town. We went to our regular spot, Asaka in Castleton, only to be shunned by the staff (see my scathing review). We drove to Broad Ripple to find something... anything. The neon sign spelling out "Sushi Bar" grabbed our attention and we both said "Good enough."The warm welcome and immediate seating we got upon arriving was enough to give this place 5 stars after the Asaka ridiculousness, but the sushi was fantastic and very reasonably priced, and OMG, the huge glass of Moscato they brought me made the entire night worth it. We will most definitely be back.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,11/9/2014,39,45,2,4,5>What an awesome little find on the southside/greenwood! The shop has a great selection and does a nice job carrying new and old LP's alike. Danny is a nice guy that owns the shop. He posts to the shop facebook page everything he gets in each week and if you can't find something just tell him and he will put in an order. Prices are the norm for the vinyl craze that's happening. No complaints. Drop needles!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,11/8/2014,2,37,2,4,4>Love this place. A rare find. Family friendly but still fun to be at with adults. Good food. Nice range on the menu. Great wings like the Fishers location.Here's the key for us though. Kids are allowed in the restaurant area on football Sundays and they play the sound for the Bears games. Plus when friends come down from Chicago we can reserve the party room as long as we guarantee a $300 tab. With our crew this won't be a problem.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,11/7/2014,23,52,1,3,7>How fun to have a place like this in SoBro! The drinks are of the same quality as The Libertine/Ball and Biscuit, but a few dollars cheaper. I love the atmosphere, and it is also really nice that this place is available to duck in to if you are waiting for a table at Zest!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,11/6/2014,38,66,4,8,5>Mmmmm... I love Peruvian food. Really really really really love.Machu Picchu isn't fancy schmancy--you walk in and it's pretty plain & homey. I like that I'm not paying for flare. (Flair? Idk..)Quick and friendly service, and I was greeted with bread & green sauce? Idk what it was... it tasted like mayo w/ a kick.. but it was DELICIOUS. Seriously, I could lick it off walls, like at Willy Wonka's Factory.Alright, forgive me because my memory is terrible, but there was this buttery, seasoned tilapia I had that just melted in my mouth--it was so good. And I love fish & rice together... just where my niche is.My friends got the fried yucca, a tasty shrimp dish, and some roasted half chicken. Everything was seasoned perfectly, simple, flavorful, and just fulfilling. That's a lot to have for a small establishment.Please open one up in Greenwood. I hear the lunch specials are just spectacular and super cheap! MY FAVORITE THINGS!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,11/5/2014,50,74,1,5,5>Not sure how I ended up in Westfield but there is a new brew pub so let's go try it. Grand Junction Brewing Company has only been opened for a few weeks and business has been steady. Based on the beers they are off to a pretty good start.GJBC's calling card is of course their beers. There are currently five of them in their lineup (Hefeweizen, Nut Brown, Scottish Ale, IPA, Stout). There are also guest taps from Bier Brewery and Bloomington Brewing Co. I did a flight of four of the house beers and they were pretty good. The Hefeweizen is a refreshing, non-hoppy wheat beer w/ a fruity undertone. The Nut Brown tastes very much like Newcastle (now that the bartender mentioned it). The Scottish Ale seems like a milder version of Sun King Wee Mac, with a more cloudy appearance. The Stout is smooth and tastes like a less gritty version of Guiness. I did not try the IPA, but with 75 IBUs it's plenty hoppy enough.In terms of taste and style I can't say that any of the beers jumped out at me, but what I liked about them was the clean finish to all of them. Maybe it's the water they used or just the fact that the beers were fresh. Think that's the whole point of drinking local: a fresh, good tasting product. Think GJBC succeeded on that front.The pub also has a small menu of appetizers and entrees. I did not try the food but saw many people who did. The dining area feels open and spacious, with plenty of space between tables and booths. There are TVs mounted on each corner to watch games and such.Once they are ready, I hope to see GJBC beers available at other locations around town.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/4/2014,53,27,1,5,4>Foodgasm after foodgasm with every bite. Everything was delicious and plated beautifully. The wine and beer lists have something for everyone. You could easily have a date night without spending a fortune, but could just as easily go all out. The portion sizes are perfect and it's a fantastic place to share several plates with friends. Jason, our server, was very professional and helpful in guiding us around how to tackle the menu, and he made sure my wine glass was never empty. It is really loud in there, but it was also a full house. They could use something to soften the acoustics, but it was otherwise a perfect meal.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,11/3/2014,24,53,1,5,3>I had G Thrapp quote a restore/resize of my fiance's antique engagement ring. Ida was very helpful and took the time to explain what parts of the ring they could repair and she worked with me on the price of the restore and was willing to break down the bill line by line with me. I ended up deciding to just have the ring resized as I decided I wanted to make the restoration decision with my fiance and the bill for the restoration was much higher than I expected.  I am very impressed by the job they did on the resize and the cleaning. The ring looked great, my fiance loves it and I would definitely come back if I do decide to have it restored. Their repair prices are not the cheapest, but they have a big section of their shop with restored antique jewelry and they do all their work in shop suggesting they are rather experienced restorers of antique jewelry.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,11/2/2014,82,108,1,8,4>Talk about a cultural melting pot of a grocery store where the only thing we have in common is the shopping cart. But I like it like that.I've gone to Saraga many times to find ingredients for dishes I cannot find anywhere else (or at a good price). Dried guajillo peppers, 30 of them for the cost of 4 at Penzyes. Soy sauce and Sriracha in bulk. Corn husks and masa flour for tamales. But the coolest thing about Saraga is getting to try something that I've never tried before. On this trip, we bought:Milk coffee in a can (Russian, I think)Espresso candiesAsian pickles2 Frozen Asian meals, pork and veggies over rice and beef and onions over riceChinese Restaurant Tea (yes that is what it is called)Chili Garlic SauceSeveral hot and spicy chicken/beef noodle soupsGarlic Plantain ChipsWe probably spent an hour cruising through the aisles. Though we noticed a couple doing the same, enjoying how each aisle was a different world. As a girl who finds happiness in cooking new foods, Saraga is like my fix. Maybe one day I'll pick up that freeze dried squid.... maybe.While you may get great deals in some areas (Chili Garlic Sauce for $2, 18oz), some foods simply are not cheaper. Foods that you'd likely find at Kroger are going to be more expensive.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,11/1/2014,84,22,5,4,5>Great casual diner-ish food, I guess? Don't get the ahi tuna because the waitress told me to seriously not to get it. So I got it anyway and it was cold. I mean, always trust the waitress.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,10/31/2014,35,96,10,8,5>Do you like beer?  If your answer is no, then get away from me, weirdo.  If your answer is yes, then come give me a hug, you beautiful bastard!  Also, you will love Black Acre because they make damn good beer in a state where the bar is pretty high.  I have had my favorite stout ever here (Chai Guy), and numerous delicious IPAs.  They offer a small but tasty menu of a few appetizers and panini style sandwiches, as well as a different brunch option every Sunday.  You can also feast upon a sampler of some of the finest meats and cheeses in the land in the form of a meat plate, cheese plate, or a meat AND cheese plate.  I also have to commend the servers and bartenders because no matter how small or large the crowd, the service here has always been great.Beer.  Meat.  Cheese.  Yessss!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,10/30/2014,66,74,1,6,4>This doesn't look any different than every other ethnic food in a strip mall, but the food it 10x better. Their specialty is Vietnamese food even though they have a great Chinese food deal for lunch. I try to come here at least twice a week for lunch because I love supporting a great family. I have gotten the Pho many times and it is full of flavor, meat is cooked perfectly and quality for the value is exceptional. They have 12 Chinese meals varying from your standard Cashew chicken, sesame chicken, and Kung Pao chicken. Each meal comes with soup, egg roll or crab rangoon, drink and meal for $4.91. Talk about an exceptional value. They do not use any of the normal "mystery" meat. All the chicken was white meat, ample amounts, and perfectly cooked. This is by far the best lunch place in Beech Grove and I cannot wait to come back.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,10/29/2014,187,120,1,7,6>I can't quite put my finger on it but I really like this place. It looks super sketchy on the outside but something about seems very "homey". Everyone in the bar knew each other and they were  very friendly. The drinks are excellently priced. This is definitely a place that I could sit for hours and drink a few Jameson and gingers and play some cards with some friends. But be warned, they only take cash.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,10/28/2014,63,377,1,4,4>Very unique atmosphere...classy hipster? I know...faux pas.  haha  I like the bar setup and that you can see the food being prepared behind the counter.1. Pisco Sour2. Caiprihana 3. Bacon Flight w/ 3 sauces (vinegarish something?, apple chutney, and harissa)4. Mussels + Extra Bread5. Punch for TwoAll for two people...Go ahead and ask me if I would get this all over again.  Why yes, yes I would!  Tip:  Make a reservation ahead of time if you can.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/27/2014,33,36,1,5,6>There's a room here that you've just GOT to see.I absolutely love the IMA.  Adore it, even.  Remember that campaign they ran a few years ago - "It's MY Art"?  I totally embrace that.  There's truly something for everyone here from the stellar European gallery to the cutting edge contemporary art.  The 100 Acres and outdoor gardens simply can't be missed.  Oh, and don't forget to take a day and visit the Lilly mansion.  It's breathtaking.  Did I mention the best part, yet?  It's all FREE!!!  You get to experience art, and you get to experience art, and YOU get to experience art! (In my Oprah Winfrey Voice, lol)If you haven't visited the IMA recently, make an effort to go ASAP-tually.  They're open late (until 9) on Thursdays!Oh, and about that room?  Ask for James Turrell.  It's the ONE piece of art that you actually get to touch. ;-)
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,10/26/2014,10,62,2,5,5>I'm so glad I finally got to try Plat 99. I'm not a "fancy drinker." Mostly, I'm concerned with getting the job done in the least offensive way possible, if you catch my drift. The bartenders at Plat 99 definitely opened my eyes to  the wonders of mixology.  We were staying at The Alexander for a girls night/30th birthday celebration, and the wonderful front desk staff gave us four drink tickets to use at Plat (please see my review for The Alexander for more info on the fantastic perks we received as part of our stay.) The mixologist was fun and informative. My palette favors very spicy, umami or savory flavors. When I described what I was looking for, the bartender directed me to try The Definition of Insanity. This turned out to be the best cocktail I've ever tried. As I said before, I'm no cocktail expert, but I know what I like, and this drink delighted my taste buds. It was an experience that has you asking, WHAT is that flavor? He let me try the angostura bitters on their own. That was the "secret ingredient." I didn't know that bitters were alcoholic, but I kind of want to drink them on their own now! At least that particular kind. The second drink he recommended was the Champs Élysées. It was herbacious and savory and delicious. Another spot on pick. While we were enjoying our drinks, we snacked on the complimentary truffle oil popcorn. Forgive me, Anthony Bourdain (and others who may deem truffle oil a culinary abomination) but it was the perfect accompaniment to our cocktails. Salty and indulgent and wonderful.Lastly, before we headed out to our next destination, we ordered some flourless chocolate cake to take up to our room for later. It made the perfect late night dessert (and partial breakfast.) Dense, moist, and rich. Overall, Plat 99 seriously impressed me. I wasn't looking for an "experience" when I sat down at the bar, but I definitely had one. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/25/2014,141,70,1,8,3>As a downtown dweller with a keen eye on soon and new to open establishments, I am embarrassed to admit that I didn't know about this place until 3 days ago.  Located in the Trowel Trades Building on N. East Street just off of Mass Ave, this gem leaves a lot to be discovered once inside.  From the outside, I was intrigued, because it isn't obvious what this place is all about.  When you enter from the patio area (not the main entrance) into the hostess area, you get a sneak peek of it's awesome decor with a glimpse of the amazing bar!  Brightly lit shelves with bottles going high to the ceiling stretched the entire length of a very long bar with generous seating.  Once you pass the hostess area, you realize this place is huge and then suddenly, you aren't in Indy any longer.  At least I didn't feel like I was.  I felt like I was in Chicago, or maybe Vegas.  I am not saying Indy can't hold up to those cities, but this place just takes downtown Indy to "that" level.  The decor is amazing (see photos).  Our service was outstanding; prompt, friendly, helpful and flawless.  The menu was the perfect size to make it easy to decide what to order on your first visit.  Portions are sized as Petit, Bistro and Grand with Boards, Hand-Cut Fries and Poutine offerings as well.  Our party ordered the French Onion Soup, Hand-Cut Fries, Baby Kale Salad, Roasted Half Chicken, Beef Trio and Ribeye Cap.  Presentation of each dish was outstanding and each person at the table was very pleased with their individual dishes and portion size.  The cocktail selection seemed plentiful and although I didn't take the time to scan the wine list, I was very pleased with their beer selection.  They had two drink specials, so I assume this is something they will offer daily.  Entertainment!!  First off, Action Jackson on opening night!  High five to Union 50 for this.  To be honest, learning that Action Jackson was going to be there sealed the deal of my going to opening night on an evening that I planned to stay home.  As always, the AJ tunes were great; loud enough to make you want to get up and dance, yet quiet enough to let you carry on a conversation with ease.  From what I understand, live entertainment will be frequent here and Action Jackson will be in house every Monday evening in July.  Love it!Next up, Ski Ball.  Yes, I said Ski Ball!!!  And, an amazing patio :))What else do you want to know about Union 50?  Don't ask; just go!  Give them try and see for yourself.  I can almost promise that you will not be disappointed.  What else do I want to know about Union 50?  My personal frequently asked question.....is your patio pet friendly?!!My apologies for not getting any photos of our food.  Next time!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,10/24/2014,88,185,1,4,4>I loved hibachi and hadn't visited one in a while so when the husband surprised me for dinner on V-Day I was pretty excited. We were at a table with a few other couples and one had a kid but that was great because our chef was really animated with him and made the dinner that much more enjoyable. The atmosphere is very nice. You walk in and almost right into a fairly large indoor Koi pond. Then the hostesses are friendly and quick. We were running late due to the weather and they improvised with no hiccups. We ordered hot sake and Sapporo which was imperative for the occasion and my husband got the NY sushi I think. He liked the sushi so there you go. Once dinner got rolling our chef was very enthusiastic, charismatic and, of course, hilarious. Very involved and constantly asked questions which was nice, sometimes I get awkward when the chefs are shy...The food hit the spot and the fried rice was so heavenly. I could eat plates of the stuff, like crack. The only complaint, and the reason behind the 4 stars, is that my chicken teriyaki was pretty tough and chewy. Just a little overcooked. But otherwise yummy. Will be sure to visit again!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,10/23/2014,9,100,1,4,6>Shapiros is great!! Come hungry, no, make that famished-the portions are huge!!If you are weary of other reviewers commenting on the price, I'd like to add my $0.02 on the matter: you get a lotta bang for your buck. I most always take a doggy bag of leftovers w me when I visit. If you're my 6'5 beautiful hunky better half, you'll be able to clean your plate. However the food coma after doing so will be strong so use some will power and save a lil for later!Shapiros is a jewish/kosher style deli (emphasis on the word 'style') - like Carnegie deli in NYC....kosher style because you can get things like a Reuben (absolutely delish) which has cheese-for all you goyim out there, milk and meat don't mix in strict kosher kitchens....this however does not detract fm Shapiros mouthwatering menu offerings!The desserts used to be different-not as sugary. They still look beautiful and I always put a plate of something on my tray but they have changed their recipes slightly and there is a strong sugary almost artificial taste in many of the desserts. They were already rich! Make em the old way, would you pretty please Shapiros?!One week I bought a challa here. It was huge! But sadly it was a very goy-ish challa. Too dry and no flavor/richness. Challa egg bread should be doughy and indulgent, as far as breads go. It made decent French toast bc of the dry factor and good bread crumbs....My friend loves the matzoh ball soup. The potato pancakes are not latkes (shredded potatoes like hash browns but fried as pancakes) - these are more like mashed potato cakes deep fried. They're good tho! Rye bread is great here. German potato salad is good and do is the meatloaf!! Haven't tried the stuffed peps or cabbage yet but they always look awesome. The spinach is actually good, I like it better than the green beans. I really want to like the Mac and cheese but it's not my favorite, however I end up ordering it a lot of the time anyway! The top is broiled nicely usually, and I always ask for a scoop w some crusty top  the layers underneath the crust are never really warm and gooey enough...Every time I done here I have to take a hiatus for a few months because of the volume and richness of food. It's worth it tho!!They have a parking lot which is great. They take all cards too.I haven't ever visited at lunchtime-I always end up arriving sometime between 6-8 in the evenings and there is never a line and tons of seating. You can get everything on the menu at lunch and dinner time (I think...) so don't waste your time waiting in line w the lunch crowd.....
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,10/22/2014,22,151,1,4,3>I LOVE PIZZA!!!However I love great pizza even more.  Honestly, my husband has been coming here for the past 10 years or so and in high school it was for their MUST HAVE breadsticks and cheese.  I have to agree they are amazing and by far the best bread sticks I have ever had.Their pizza is also fantastic.  Their ingredients are fresh and great tasting.  They are a little more expensive than your typical chain however you will NEVER complain because of the quality and the service.We have never been here and had a poor experience or bad service.  They really take the extra time and go the extra mile to make sure that their guests are taken care of and enjoy their pizzeria experience.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,10/21/2014,39,145,1,4,4>Tom yum, drunken noodles, pad thai, fried spring rolls, dumplings, glutinous rice mango dessert, and curry puffs. I could keep listing the rest of their menu. Everything that I've had so far has been pretty good. The restaurant also has some pretty good lunch combo menus and I would say that the portions are just about right. I'm a bit of a spice wimp, so the medium level was actually quite spicy for me, but I know that for others it wouldn't even be rated as spicy. For price range, I haven't been to many Thai restaurants in Indianapolis, but based on other experiences, I would say it is slightly on the higher end.  For example, three small curry puffs for about $7 after taxes, this would tend to be about $4-5 in other places, or there would be more puffs.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/20/2014,29,124,3,7,4>Don't think of Tian Fu as a sushi or a regular Chinese joint as many of these pictures suggest. They have a legit "secret" menu with English translations (Yes, I mean ask for the ONLY paper menu copy they have.) The owner could tell I was a typical Asian American unable to speak or read Chinese characters, but equipped with a well-developed taste in real Chinese cuisine. None of the watered down, sugary sauced lo-meins, chop suey, or egg drop soup for me. I'm talking about salt and pepper fried silken tofu rounds, cilantro and pepper beef, fish maw with imitation crab meat soup, and cold meat appetizer platters. They have more "exotic" selections ranging from cumin stir-fried lamb to more acquired tastes such as chitterlings - if you know what that is. If not, I'd rather not disgust you and you could just Google it.The atmosphere is very bistro like - dimly-lit, but not too dark and romantic enough for a date-night. Not to mention, service is quite exceptional as food came out pretty quick and water glasses were not completely empty. Food quality is excellent and for under $50, we easily had sharable dishes for a group of 4 without being overly full. Not to mention, they gave us a plate of complimentary sweet sliced oranges and fortune cookies as dessert with the bill.I wish this place had more exposure as it's hidden away behind several fast-food joints right next to a check's cashed store. Hope this little place survives so I don't have to make the trek to the far Westside for Chinese cuisine. I have to come back here to get those scrumptious fried silken tofu rounds. Literally been ages since I've seen those things, if ever, in Indy. (Now I realize that I forgot to snap some pictures since I got too excited. Next time.) Yelpers, be adventurous & spread the word!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,10/19/2014,132,107,2,5,5>Wow!  Tremendous foods and all things Bavarian.  The cakes and pasteries are scrumptious.  My claustrophobia did kick in a tad when I entered the shop with floor to ceiling knick knacks so I opted to carry out which was quickly served and boxed by charming staff.  Must try are the Blackforest Cake, the Pineapple Cheese Cake, and the German Chocolate Cake.  Great to the last crumb.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,10/18/2014,25,218,2,4,4>5 star coffee and breakfast spot, I love this dang place. The traditional cappuccinos here are in the top 3 in Indy, the pastries are always fresh, and the savory breakfast panini is damn near amazing. Even the house drip coffee is great and that's generally my least favorite brewing method for caffeine. You can't go wrong here.Overall, Foundry just has a great vibe to it. Lots of natural light, good amount of seating both inside and out. Friendly staff.Toddler factor: Ample room for high chair at 4 different tables inside without impacting walkways. (They have several high chairs.) Enough pastry options that you should be able to find something that a little person will like. And if your kid is like mine, s/he may find tamping espresso shots to be quite the mesmerizing show.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,10/17/2014,8,58,2,5,3>This place is pretty close to great. There are just a couple of things that were lacking. The inside is very well designed and stylish. I like the wall of old beer cans and how you can see the fermenters from the dining area. I don't think there were any booth spaces but there was a lot of bar stool seating at tables or the bar. The menu was a little less than traditional pub grub but that's not really a bad thing. There's a burger of the day and that's the only burger, so if you're not into it, sorry about ya. I also was really confused by how he appetizer did not come with small plates to spread the food around to everybody which makes for a lot of passing back and forth...and that dreaded last bite. Nobody wants to be a dick and take the last carnita French fry so it sets there and gets to certain level of coldness and disregard before it gets eaten. I'd advise to get some small plates and expand the menu using items already in stock. Why can't I get fries as a side but I can get them as an appetizer? Why isn't a side included with my sandwich and the price just $2.50 higher? My food tasted great. Some people were confused by the parking situation, but I went on a rainy Tuesday and had no problems. I had no issues or concerns, whatsoever, about the beer. The emerald city ipa was delicious and an acceptable substitute for Osirus. I was impressed by the selection of the guest taps. I'd go back and I'd expect things would probably be a little better next time.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,10/16/2014,74,286,3,5,4>Awesome. That was my first thought upon walking into this place. I picked up some items for dinner, and had to try my first sugar cream pie! Then, we decided to have dinner here. The. Pulled. Pork. Sandwich. Okay, so the thing comes on a fairly large and lovely plate. A nice big slice of their house white bread, with a MOUNTAIN of pulled pork slathered in BBQ sauce. Ohhhhh, yes. My husband and I each got one, but honestly we probably could have split one since we both had leftovers (I'm not complaining). Plus I can split a lovely San Pellegrino or other unique bottled sodas and beverages. This place has all kinds of unusual and standard items. A nice, usually small selection of produce. Lots of beverages and a selection of well crafted meals you can purchase to go or eat there from behind their counter. Plates and assorted kitchen items are also lining the walls, along with different culinary oils, types of salt... and other spices, condiments and other food items you didn't think that you needed (but you TOTALLY do). It has a rustic yet hip vibe, and is sort of eclectic. It fits perfectly in the neighborhood around it. And if you're a pie lover, go get the pie! Seriously, you can't go wrong no matter what kind you pick. They're all delicious.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2014,10/15/2014,25,108,2,4,4>I was sooo excited to go here and watch a football game and eat some bar food. I live in town, so it was a bit odd to go to a hotel restaurant to watch a game but I had heard such good things about the place. Overall: High Velocity had good service even though they were incredibly understaffed and swamped. Likes: The decor, the energy, service, the sports and the menu selectionDislikes: The food on the menu sounded good (like slightly higher-end bar food) and had lots of variety but that's where I was left disappointed. We had the crab dip as an appetizer (I love real crab dip with quality chunks in it- and this was not it-YUCK!), and then I had a side salad (a-okay) and a salmon entree- (cold and lacked seasoning- vegetable sides were not memorable and also just mediocre ), and we had the chocolate chip cookie and ice cream for dessert. To be fair, my husband ordered the southwest chicken sandwich and LOVED IT. I'll go back for drinks and I'll try another app or maybe a safer entree bet like a burger. This place is the perfect location for pre or post Indians games.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,10/14/2014,59,136,1,6,4>Great wine bar, very nice.  Great food too.  Just off the main drag in Broad Ripple, this is a great place for a date nite.  Great wine selection and atmosphere.  It's not the biggest place, but is also connected to The Wellington pub and has upstairs and downstairs seating.The food is a bit pricy but worth it.  I haven't had a bad dish there yet.  They also have a full bar and decent (if small) tap beer selection.  Don't forget to ask about the Manager's Selection special wines.  A bottle for $20.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,10/13/2014,33,56,3,4,5>I love going to farmers markets and the Zionsville Farmers market is just so charming it is hard not to love it. It is a bit small but with the charm of the brick paved town it is like being at a place out of a movie. My favorite thing and a must try is B Happy Peanut Butter.....wow you will be amazed! I am now an addict for this stuff. The only bad news is they only have a booth every other weekend.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,10/12/2014,82,177,3,5,3>One of my coworkers absolutely loves this place. We enjoy "ethnic eating" and she thought it'd be perfect. It's right down the street from work and has a quite affordable lunch menu. I'm not one to enjoy my mouth on fire so I opted for no spice Pad Thai. I was surprised when he brought out the most awesome soup ever and a little spring roll. I wish I could have that soup every day! My Pad Thai plate was enormous and amazing. The server brought out "spicy powder" in case I wanted to make it spicier which I feel like I added ALOT. So next time, I will definitely get the next level or 2 levels up. I've learned my lesson - not every Thai place is the same with regards to spiciness.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,10/11/2014,16,149,2,4,3>Our first time last Saturday and I kinda understand now all the rave about the place. They sure know how to cook. The mussels in a coconut broth was perfection. Just enough coconut creaminess/sweetness with tad heat compliments the mussel/seafood taste of the broth. The wife's fish fillet was perfectly fried, crispy outside yet flaky and moist inside. The potato cake that came with the cake was fried in the same perfection, crispy outside yet soft in the inside. My cornish hen was nicely roasted and the glaze wasn't overpowering. Rhubarb cake we had for dessert wasn't too shabby either, flavorful and perfectly baked. No fancy/artsy food presentation, but they surely score high in flavor and execution. No full bar though, so got to stick with some beer and wine. Service was pleasant, and price ain't that bad.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,10/10/2014,22,45,2,4,5>Sun King is one of the biggest names in Indy these days. A local brewery gone viral and they deserve all the credit they get.If you've got time on a Friday afternoon to do a tasting, head over and join the party. After entering for free (I think) you receive several can caps that give you access to tasting all their classics and any seasonal brews they've got mixed up.You can buy and fill growlers, purchase Sun King branded shirts, hats, hoodies and more. You can even place orders for pony and full sized kegs for your next celebration or private basement bar.If you're a true beer lover you UST make this a priority in the coming weeks, then tell everyone your know! Long live Sun King!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,10/9/2014,40,151,1,4,4>I can't believe I've never reviewed Iarias! It's a hike for us to get there, but worth it! We always sit in the bar, unless we have a big group. It's nothing fancy, but the bar is fun. Always an eclectic mix of people. Dominic is the bartender and also waits a few tables on a slow night. Reservations are a must for Thursday-Saturday.  The bar is filled with famous patrons pictures and sports memorabilia. There are also a couple of t.v.'s.  The wine list is good but I always get a half carafe of the house chianti. It's Gabbiano chianti, one of my favs.  I'm Italian, so very picky about my sauce. All their sauces are good, my husbands fav being the Bolognese. I always seem to gravitate to the chicken Marsala, last night was no different. Be sure to request the Marsala sauce on your pasta side. Two chicken cutlets, covered in a hearty Marsala sauce and tons of mushrooms, and a bowl of pasta were delicious. You can order just the entree or get the meal which includes minestrone soup and a salad. I always ordered their homemade Roquefort dressing, if you like blue cheese dressing, order it it's worth the extra $1. We ordered a tiramisu to go and split it at home. That's the only way I could have dessert, as I was stuffed!   I'm only going to review what we ate last night, but everything I've ordered in the past has been yummy.  This place reminds me of the old neighborhood Italian restaurants back east. I wish Iarias was in my neighborhood!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,10/8/2014,69,47,5,5,4>I have been excited to visit this place since I read an article written by Historic Indianapolis (historicindianapolis.com ). Really great story about the building and its former occupants. Once I found out that there was a great little place that decided to set up shop in this cool building I was totally in.The shop is tucked back away in a neighborhood and is away from the foot traffic of Mass Ave, but the short little walk or bike ride there is totally worth it. The building has some character, which plays in well with the items available for purchase.  There is everything from fresh cut flowers and plants to antiques to locally made items from different artisans.  The owner, Kristofer,is extremely friendly and has cool stories about the items in his shop.  It is a small shop, but there is quite a bit to still look at without it being too cluttery.  This will help me fill the void that I have had since Rouge Decor left Fountain Square.  I look forward to coming back soon. Take a little time one weekend to wander over, meet Kristofer and check out this great store.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,10/7/2014,13,97,1,5,4>great spot for a speedy lunch!  There are plenty of tables to accommodate large groups as well.Enjoyed their salsa but would have been ok with more of a kick to it.  Chips/salsa and drinks came instantly to the table. Ordering from the lunch menu makes the choices much less overwhelming.  Taco salad was nice and refreshing with shredded chicken or beef available.  They leave your ticket with you and you can check out at the front when you are ready to go.  I appreciated not having to wait on a server to get my bill paid when doing a work rush lunch.This is a great sitdown option if you just aren't in the mood for Qdoba or Chipotle.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,10/6/2014,26,50,2,3,4>I'm not sure how I have managed to evade the SoBro Cafe for over a year now. This is a restaurant you could expect to see in a city like Los Angeles, though I am very happy it is here. The way I see it, SoBro has filled a void/upped "the ante" in three ways:1.) Phenomenal, homemade spiced chai. I am a bit of a snob when it comes to chai tea, so usually I am disappointed after trying what is claimed to be the "best chai in the city." There is only one place in Indianapolis that I have found with chai that compares to this in quality, though they can't prepare it with non-dairy milk. It was so good I had two. 2.) A menu that has a comparable number of delicious herbivore and carnivore options. Got a group of people with eclectic dietary restrictions/persuasions? The menus here will make everyone happy.3.) A brunch place with a diverse plant-based menu. The veggie biscuits and gravy are AWESOME!I'm looking forward to going back for lunch or dinner to enjoy more chai in this chill, art-filled, anything-but-greasy spoon.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,10/5/2014,41,130,4,5,5>I enjoyed my visit here. The restaurant itself was cozy, and I liked the huge booths. It made us feel as if we were the only table in the restaurant. The wine and beer selection is decent and I enjoyed a nice Sauv Blanc. We tried to beer cheese dip, and it was very good.Our table ordered the cottage pie, 2 round of fish and chips, and a chicken and strawberry salad, and everyone was pleased with their meals. Service was fast and friendly. I would definitely come back here again to try out some more of their food options as well as some drinks.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,10/4/2014,25,66,1,5,4>I cannot say enough good things about this breakfast spot. It's in a far corner of a parking lot on the north side of broad ripple. I would have never found it if it wasn't for its amazing yelp reviews. This is my new favorite Sunday breakfast place. It's a good place for couples or small groups to enjoy a meal at a good price. My favorite thing is their breakfast potatoes, I don't know what they season them with but they are amazing (not ketchup needed!) Just be aware they close at 3 pm most days and 2 pm Sundays.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,10/3/2014,11,48,1,4,5>LOVE THIS PLACE.SWEET POTATO FRIES. Seriously, get them. Their fries are yummy, but that's not why I recommend them. It's the sauces you choose to go with them. That's what takes them to the next level. I ordered the chimichurri sauce to go with it: FANTASTIC.My roommate ordered a combo sauce with his fries which was recommended by the waitress (boy was she spot on!). Cinammon Maple  + Hickory Dijon = Explosion of Happiness in your Mouth!!Our group ordered the walleye tacos, meetless melt sandwich, and the smoked gouda sandwich as our main course (pictures attached). All three were very tasty. I'd come back FOR SURE. I love restaurants that have an interesting menu, and have great quality food. This place is all of that and more! I also got their mulled [hot] wine, which was really tasty (especially for this miserable winter season).Plus they have free parking (downtown: what a rare sight to see!). That alone is enough of a reason to go TRY THIS PLACE OUT NOW!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,10/2/2014,0,66,9,6,10>Because it's not pretentious, slow and filled with food dorks, this is the best new spot along Virginia Avenue. Good food, decent space and nice people working there. It's a keeper.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,10/1/2014,195,303,1,4,6>U-Relish crock pot meals have been a real savior for both me and Jason B since I've been in grad school.  Jason is amazing, and has been making meals for me since I'm always doing schoolwork when I'm not regular work.  These meals make it so at least I can prepare something sometimes!  Every one I've had has been amazing.  They are vegan on their own, and grow most of the ingredients on their farm.  At 3 for $15 you can't really beat these for a good, simple to prepare and good for you meal.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,9/30/2014,91,123,1,4,4>My review is for the overall ease of this facility and my personal doctor.The building is fantastic, everything is easy to find and is all very clean and nice looking.My family practitioner is Dr. Robert Evard, i have been going to him for about 8 years. There are 3 other family doctors that share a space on the second floor with him. The staff here is great, they are all very bright and cheerful. Dr. Evard is a great family doctor with years and years of experience. I once had to get an X-ray done in the medical center and it was easy to find and the technicians there were very pleasant and made me feel comfortable. Great facility, staff and if your looking for a family doctor i recommend Dr. Evard or any of the other doctors with him.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,9/29/2014,34,105,1,4,4>Each time I find myself at the Smoking Goose Meat Locker I end up throwing my shopping list out the window when I discover their new or seasonal products. This month's "Bacon of the Month" was Boar Bacon and it was greatly enjoyed by my significant other. I love the variety of sausages, some that aren't available at Goose the Market. I enjoy being able to get a good overview of what meats they have available, so I have a better idea when I visit Goose the Market. Although the hours are odd, I find they accommodate a lot of folks stopping by after work.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,9/28/2014,19,86,1,5,4>The setting for the market is perfect.  It's easy to get around & see everything.  This is the place to go if you don't want dogs in the mix as they aren't welcome here, unlike most other markets that cater to them.  (I'm an animal lover but I don't mind having a market clear of them once in a while).  I think it's the perfect size market too, plenty to see but not too much either.  Definitely recommend a visit!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,9/27/2014,42,291,4,3,3>Excellent breakfast with a reasonable price.  Seems fairly new.  Went in here because the other breakfast places were closed on Mondays, it was definitely a good choice.Had biscuits and sausage gravy, that was very good, with a side of eggs A la carte.  Service was fast, coffee was great, and it was fairly quiet.For reference it's directly across SR 32 from Big Hoffa's.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,9/26/2014,214,265,1,6,6>InCycle (formally known as SpinCycle) hooked me from the start. You know that feeling when you've had an extremely tough/wonderful/muscle aching/heart pumping workout? Well, you'll find that feeling here -- which is the best part. I was introduced to spin cycling a few years ago but I didn't end up continuing with it. But thanks to a Yelp Fit Club event a few weeks ago, I have found that I love this workout. Let's talk about the motivational instructors -- they rock. When I'm on the bike there are moments when I think I'm going to die (not really, but close) and it's as if the instructor senses our extreme pain. Right on cue the class gets another boost of cheering and support from the leader up front. And thank heavens for the music! The loud tunes pumping through your ears really gets you amped up. I'm currently in the "new member 2 week introductory period" that cost me $35. For that price I've been able to attend as many classes as I want in a two week period. Believe me - I am going to be incredibly bummed when the two weeks end. I'm already pondering how to budget in these spin classes and make it a regular thing for me. You see? That's how much I like it! I've never been one to enjoy lifting weights, but even with these classes I get a bit of the weight lifting and I'm actually enjoying it. Another bonus - they'll occasionally have themed spin classes. I attended a Michael Jackson one a few days ago and it was a-mazing. They really know how to make healthy living + exercising worth your time. This whole experience has opened a door for a few friends and me to hang out WHILE doing something healthy -- which is fantastic. Can't say enough good things.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,9/25/2014,85,50,3,5,6>Let's talk about the following: - Truffles- Gelato- Salted Caramels- Chocolate covered Nutter Butter cookies. All of the above can be found at The Best Chocolate In Town on Mass Ave. You can find a variety of truffles in some amazing flavors: Cabernet Balsamic (right!? I know!), Cheesecake, Champagne - seriously, there's a flavor for everyone! All kinds in milk, white, and dark chocolate - whatever you prefer!During this particular trip I wasn't there to check out gelato, but the awesome lady behind the counter offered me lots of samples. I loved all of them. Salted caramels are ALWAYS a good choice - just enough sweet & just enough salty flavor. The dark chocolate one is my fave!And I always love seeing the chocolate covered pretzels, Oreos, and Nutter Butter cookies in the case! Maybe someday I'll get around to buying one! :)The only downside is the way they do their pricing. Based on signage in the store, it's a little confusing. It doesn't seem to bother me much, I still visit frequently!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,9/24/2014,53,118,1,5,3>After having an amazing Padd Thai at Thai Cafe in Broadripple about 6 weeks ago I have been on a Thai kick.  I've tried at least 5 Thai places around town so far and Thai Town Cuisine ranks up there.  Very nice decore and the staff was very friendly.  The soup she brought was delicious!  It was salty, spicy and lemony.  The fried spring roll that it came with is was just okay.  Then the Padd Thai came out, really decent sized portion with a great flavor.  I ordered it spicy and it did not dissapoint but was not so overly spicy that it killed the flavor of the dish.  After I was finished she brought out some fried bananas for me to try.  Four slices of bananas in a crunchy wrapper fried then drizzled with honey.  I woke up thinking about those things!  Check the place out, you won't be dissapointed.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,9/23/2014,141,328,2,5,4>Second time is a charm for getting tamales. I came before and was disappointed that no tamales were sold that night. But I had the pork tacos, which were great and vowed to be back. I happened to pass by today on an empty stomach,  so stopped to try the tamales. Greeted by friendly service again, they were happy to report they did have tamales. I prefer pork tamles, so I ordered two and one chicken. Finally, I had found a pork tamale in indy that held a candle to Chicago!  The pork meat was in healthy portion within the mesa. Just yum! I was not too thrilled with the chicken, but it was seasoned well, with some spice to it. But im not usually into chicken tamales if its not with cheese. I just got it to try. Both were large, but for the $2.50 it was a right price for the amount of food you get. Two filled me up without anything else.  I overheard the owner talking about upgrade she is making, which sound exciting. I look foward to seeing those changes and eating more yummy pork tamales and tacos in the future! She did ask me if I was enjoying my food, which I stated I was (true), so I appreciated that.Tips: Cash only for the time being. They serve breakfast. I've never seen them open after 10pm, hours are not posted and to be honest, I'm not in the area that much.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,9/22/2014,140,444,4,9,4>I hate to end the PERFECT streak b/c....well the food was ROCKING good and I would definitely go back!  But 5 stars is pure perfection and while I thought it was incredible, there were things I would have changed.I made a reservation about a week in advance for my hubby's birthday.  We always like to try new things but it's a risk and I wanted to ensure the menu would be something he would enjoy.  I confirmed our reservation once I read "jerked quail" on the menu.  I was VERY happy as anything jerked is my hubs favorite thing!I loved the meal.  I was very impressed with the freshness and I ate three things over the five courses I have never had IN MY LIFE - quail, mussels and marlin.  Everything was delectable, cooked with a light touch, served with a smile and gracefulness of a swan and the experience was outstanding.   It was also very romantic and intimate...our food serving as a very easy conversation piece!I think I was confused by the casual-ness of it all and then for the first time in my adult life, I was shocked by our bill. I knew we were eating high end, but I didn't know it was "out of house and home" last meal on earth high end.  I have eaten at nearly every expensive steakhouse in town and never spent what I dropped at Recess.  I realize it's a VERY unique concept, but I want Yelpers to be aware, it's EASY to go crazy without realizing.  I mean we did do the wine taster with the courses but it was overpriced at $29 (quoted $27) per person and with two beers and a wine for the hubs, we added another $25.  The Jerked quail was also an "add on" and not included, so it was an additional $16.  With tip, we were ....well, wowsa.  Overwhelmed.In any case, we will be back, but for sure, with the casual decor, chalkboard wall and bandanna wearing cooks/waitresses, the $$$ amount and the ambiance aren't "in tune" which is why they lose a star. I'll know better next time that I can rock my deconstructed denim, since I'll be on recess. Another downer - parking is a bitch.I will TOTALLY get over it....but I just need to point out all of it is still on my mind a week later.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,9/21/2014,18,51,5,4,4>If you're a foodie or just want a great meal, this place is worth a visit. With a cozy, intimate atmosphere Oh Yumm is a place to take your family or your date.The decor is very simple and modest but the menu items make give it a more upscale feel. The service is casual and friendly yet still polished and professional, without being stuffy and overbearing. The wine list is impressive, though I do wish they had a good Rioja.For lunch, the ultimate grilled cheese is fantastic. Cheddar, avocado, tomato and rosemary pepper bacon on butter toasted bread (I recommend sourdough); how can a sandwich get any better? Add a side of sweet potato fries and get completely blown away. For dinner, the duck breast is lovely. The lingonberry sauce is out of this world. With the addition of the pancetta and sweet potato/brussel hash, just shut up and take my money. Add some pretzel rolls and.. Oh yumm!The real star is the chocolate chip bread pudding. Made with croissants instead of bread. Do yourself a favor and order it; your life will be changed.Come here, now and be prepared to spend some money. Half priced wine on Wednesdays! ($30 and under only)
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,9/20/2014,130,167,1,4,5>I was not impressed with Revolucion after my first visit, but I obviously made the wrong food choice. On my second visit I ordered the shrimp tacos and I was blown away. I dream of those things. I need more of them in my life. The margaritas are made strong and delicious. Go here. Eat the shrimp tacos + slam some margs. You won't regret it.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,9/19/2014,79,383,2,7,4>Terrific pub much improved over the past couple of years with the new owner and much more pleasant and profession staff.Very good craft beer selection as well as some top shelf bourbons and other spirits.WAY above your average pub quality food.  Steak specials are phenomenal and karaoke nights are not to be missed !Great regulars and visitors of all kinds...where everyone is truly made to feel welcome !
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,9/18/2014,0,199,2,1,2>This place is a big kid's paradise. Remember how fun dodge ball was in middle school? Now picture that on a trampoline the size of a barn. It's absolutely amazing. It'll kick your ass and you'll be sore as hell the next day but it's great fun while it lasts. For the ladies that don't want to get hit in the face with a dodge ball, they also offer a trampoline aerobics class. I did it once and it was significantly harder than I assumed it would be. It was a great work out. I would highly recommend coming here for a dodge ball game if you want some fun or coming for the aerobics class if you want a good workout.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,9/17/2014,7,33,4,6,5>I'm very glad I found this clinic. We took our greyhound here for the first time last week for his annual checkup. We saw Dr Heidi Rice and I just love her! She's personable, enthusiastic and knowledgeable. And on top of that she has a lot of experience with greyhounds which was important to us. I will definitely request her by name next time we make an appointment.Unfortunately our grey is afraid of tile floors and of course the entire office is tile. The vet tech who took us to the checkup room was endlessly patient as we slowly coaxed him down the hallway. Dr Rice said they'd make a note in his chart to put us in the checkup room closest to the front door so he wouldnt have to walk as far. Once we were back in the checkup room he got lots of treats which calmed his nerves a bit. The office looks newly built, very modern decor and is very clean. It was simple to get checked in and we were taken back on time. When it was time to check out we just stayed in the back room and took care of all the paper work and payment right there as opposed to going back out to the lobby and waiting for someone to notice that we needed to check out before we could pay and leave (like our last animal clinic).I believe there were some comments about how they try to sell you on things. I'm not sure if this is what people are referring to or not but we did get a short spiel on pet insurance but it was as I said, short, and we were not pressured to make a decision to enroll at that moment. She just gave us the brochure to take home. They also told us about some new flee&tick and heart worm meds that are available, but again I just found this informational and didnt feel like they were trying to sell me something. I would highly recommend this clinic  (and already have to some friends)
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,9/16/2014,33,61,2,3,4>I really enjoy this place for their always-available outdoor seating and fun, central location. The food and bev are great, too! They've changed their menu over the years and I ADORE this new goat cheese salad. Seriously, I didn't know this magic existed. They somehow coat and cook a delicious glob of goat cheese and then serve it over the top of a fresh, fruity salad with the most delicious berry dressing. It was incredible! Warm and chill.My friends got the fish & chips, which were great, and the steak, which was a delicious surprise.They always have a great beer selection and make me very happy with an actual selection of cider, my favorite.We had a new waiter and he was fab-really knew the menu.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2014,9/15/2014,121,437,3,2,4>Extremely expensive, but you get what you pay for.  Excellent staff.  Receptionists are hit or miss on friendliness and competence.  Ask about their blood donor program and help other cats and dogs!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,9/14/2014,47,347,1,7,4>From the creators of Delicia, La Mulita is a new casual and cheap lunch and dinner option location in SoBro.  La Mulita is in the same building as Delicia and located right off of College and 52nd. One of the downsides that I can see to this location is parking. Yes, it is great that there is  small lot in front and back, but if both restaurants are busy, I could see having to hunt for street parking. The restaurant is on the smaller side, having a mix of lower level tables and high top tables, with additional sitting at the bar. There are three tvs that allow you to watch a game while you dine. It's decor is that of a very polished cantina. The little extra touches, such as the brick wall, decorative tin on the under bar, and the light shades made of cans on the wall, shouldn't go unnoticed. The ceilings are on the high side, so it will most likely get loud at times.The menu has a nice variety of choices. If your looking to find the same food as Delicia, you will not see it on the menu. The only things in common between these two restaurants are the guacamole, sangria, and margarita. The menu does note which items are vegetarian. While there is no gluten free menu, the salads, soups, and tacos are either gf or can be altered to be gf.Starting off the meal with a Rum Punch, which packed punch, I felt the need to offset all of that sweetness with something a little bit salty and on the healthier side. The side of kale chips fit the bill perfectly. Looking over the taco choices, it was hard to decide which one to chose, luckily there is a combo in which you can choose two for $7. I opted for the grilled shrimp taco and carne asada taco. The tacos are on the smaller side, but do not let that fool you. They were packed full and extremely filling. The carne asada taco was good. The skirt steak had a nice marinate to it, but it was the grilled shrimp taco that stole the show for me. It was amazing. The pickled slaw and honey chipotle sauce complemented each other very well.  I will definitely be back for some more shrimp tacos, and would recommend anyone looking for a cheap and filling meal, with great service to try La Mulita.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,9/13/2014,54,92,1,8,6>I'm so happy this little gem (and it is, guys, a GEM) is two blocks from my house! We do not do all of our grocery shopping here. As others have noted, some products are a little expensive for us. However, we love the fresh, seasonal produce. It's the nearest place for us to get yogurt from Trader's Point. They have a great selection of cheeses. (In fact, prior to a snowstorm last year, I ran there to get good cheese and crackers, in case I got snowed in. Priorities.) They also carry tamales from Tlaolli, which is another local, eastside business (located at Rural and Washington, next to the library). As nearly everyone else has noted, their bulk section is AWESOME. Spices, teas, granolas, grains...something for everyone.The cafe has expanded since they first opened, and now includes a salad bar, which always has some great (and fresh!) options, without being overwhelming. Their sandwiches and soups are tasty, and their sandwich of the week always includes a veg/vegan option. Deli meats are Boar's Head, and at least some of the cheese is from Indiana creameries!They also have a small, but generally solid, craft beer selection.Last, but certainly not least, they have an excellent staff, who are always ready and able to answer questions, and just be all-around helpful.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,9/12/2014,85,129,3,3,6>I love Boyden's! I remember going here as a kid. I've always liked the Smiley Face cookies. My wife & I were craving some doughnuts this morning, so we had to take a trip to Boyden's! Their doughnuts are very delicious! I also had to get a Smiley Face cookie, of course. I can't visit Boyden's without getting one! Our daughter wanted a Butterfly cookie, as well. The staff are always very friendly, and their baked goods are always delicious! When a bakery has been around since 1932, then that's proof of how awesome they are!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,9/11/2014,19,106,1,7,7>Love that there is a good Thai place downtown!! I have been here twice now and loved it both times. We went with family last weekend, had a party of 9 and had awesome service. Everyone enjoyed their meal, even the kids. Their wine list by the glass is pretty decent, would love to see more local craft beers though. Today I went for the lunch buffet. There was a good variety of options an all were fresh and kept full. This was a great way to try some new things. I will definitely be coming back soon!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,9/10/2014,27,43,4,6,6>Just visited the new location at the city market.  It's my first experience and I swear I just had a culinary explosion of greatness happen. I will be a frequent customer!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,9/9/2014,31,148,4,9,4>Another new burger place? I was skeptical but I couldn't ignore the hype that seemed to flow toward me from all avenues. Within 48 hours of their doors opening to the public I was receiving the simple, straightforward, unconditional (read: bordering obnoxious) message from all my friends: You've gotta try this place! Go now to 317, they said. Order a steak burger, they said. You must experience the delicious food coma, they said. I did as I was told and, as I write to you from the comfort of elastic-waistband pajama pants, I can say that I have no regrets!! First off, the beer selection did not disappoint. My partner and I each had a pint of the Pride and Joy mild ale. Next, we ordered the duck fat fries. At first bite I was a little taken aback...then I settled into the flavor and really enjoyed them. It was my next discovery that made the entire trip worthwhile, however. You see, 317 makes their own ketchup in house. It's slightly sweet and almost reminds me of a vodka marinara pasta sauce (can't exactly explain why). But it's ketchup. When I went all-out British on my fries by putting mayo on them, I was pleased! I decided to try mayo and house-made ketchup together and let me tell you that the combination made me want to LIVE FOREVER! Duck fat fry + mayo + 317 ketchup = winning flavor combination!!A friend said he had tried the double burger but it was so big he couldn't eat anything else with it (as in no sides). My dining partner was a champion because he had the double steak burger with chèvre, applewood smoked bacon, and grilled onion and still managed to eat fries and half a beer. Way to do it! That double burger was huge. Really huge! And delicious! He thought the burger patty was a little more dry than he had anticipated, but I felt like it was a matter of leanness and the fact that the burger wasn't greasy. Different strokes maybe? You will have to be the judge of that on your own. I had the single steak burger with avocado, chipotle mayo, and bacon. I ate exactly half of it. This made me remember a mantra I once heard: You can't call it a gourmet burger unless you have to cut it in half to eat it. I think it's safe to say that all of the burgers at 317 pass that test. I would like to return for several reasons. They are, in no particular order, the wonderful atmosphere inside the dining area, the fantastic service, and my need to try the Mac n cheese as well as the non-steak burgers! There are fish options, chicken options, and veggie options for those that aren't keen on red meat. A fun new place in Broad Ripple! I recommend giving it a try!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,9/8/2014,184,188,1,9,7>Sick of the same ole thing, I jumped on Yelp to find a lunch locale to meet a friend.  The 5 stars this new sandwich shop received in a few short months made up my mind, and what a great call it was!   We both opted for the El Cubano, which comes in three sizes.  She choose a small, while I ordered a medium and the black bean soup.  They also had complimentary yucca chips that we both enjoyed.  My sandwich was nothing short of perfection, from the crispy bread to just the right amount of ingredients.  The soup was homemade and flavorful, with hot sauce available for those who prefer a little spice.  Other sides include plantains and rice, if you so desire.The owners made a point to check to make sure everyone in the restaurant enjoyed their lunch, even offering samples of their fresh Cuban coffee and pastries to those who declined the espresso.  I'd be short changing him if I didn't say it was the absolute best coffee I've ever tasted.  Truly delicious.  Cuban coffee is already sweetened, he shared.  The entire family was welcoming and hospitable, making for a relaxing spot to catch up with a friend over lunch.  There are several small tables and counter space, but this isn't a spot for a large group.  On the up side, they do have large sandwiches that can be carried out and they do cater!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,9/7/2014,91,653,1,7,8>Bikeshare is awesome.   I only get a half hour for lunch so walking distance has limited my radius.    I took my 1st bikeshare ride today to go early vote at the City-County Building.   The walk alone would have taken me at least 20 minutes.   However, I was able to sign up for a one-day pass at a kiosk, undock a bike, and ride to the dock right in front of the City-County Building in 10 minutes.   All without even breaking a sweat.   (Note: I had a promo code for a free 1-day pass so I paid nothing.   All I needed was a credit card to swipe at the kiosk.)There are some killer features on the bike itself.   The integrated bell is a must for warning pedestrians on the Cultural Trail.   There's an integrated cable lock, but I don't really see myself using it very much.   There are docks all over downtown, so why not just dock it and not worry about exceeding the 30-minute time limit.   The only occasion where I could see myself using the lock is if I was just running in a restaurant for take-out (the bike has a front basket and a rear basket for hauling stuff) and there were no docks within sight.   There's also a kickstand.The B-Cycle app shows all the docking stations (including # of available bikes and # of open docks) on an interactive map.   If you don't have a smartphone, then there is a convenient map of downtown (showing the docking stations) right on the bike.The bike itself is a tank.   It's meant to withstand the elements as well as people who haven't ridden a bike in 30 years.   Don't expect to break any speed records on this thing.   But it's smooth as all get out (probably because they're brand new).   It has a 3-speed grip shift for convenience.   Hopefully the maintenance staff keeps these bikes in good working order.As you ride through downtown, expect a lot of looks and people coming up to you asking about bikeshare or the bike (as it is quite an eye-catcher in bright gold).The only thing that keeps this from being a 5-star review is the cost.   It's $8 per day which is about the cost of a cab ride to anywhere downtown.   The annual pass is $80 which is a little steep.  The Chicago and Washington DC bikeshare systems are just $75 per year.  The Citi Bike bikeshare system in NYC is $95 per year (that's a great bargain considering the cost-of-living).   The Nashville bikeshare (using the same system as Indianapolis - B-Cycle) is just $50 per year.   The Madison, WI bikeshare (also B-Cycle) is $65 per year.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,9/6/2014,44,75,3,10,7>Having naturally curly hair, It's been quite a struggle to find a hair stylist who knows that, thick, coarse, long, curly hair just doesn't function like normal hair does. So, when I moved to Indianapolis, I made it a point to start seeing a stylist who knows what to do with hard-to-manage hair. Enter A Do Hair Design, who I settled on after reading its stellar Yelp reviews and that it was not too far from where I live. I asked to have someone who knows a lot about curly hair to help me out, so they set me up with Nicole, who is absolutely fantastic, and even gave me some pointers on how to manage my hair. Regardless of whether or not your hair is out of control, you can't go wrong with A Do!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/5/2014,130,709,2,7,8>A recent visit to the Ansel Adams exhibit at the Eiteljorg was nothing less than inspiring! I've been studying Adams' work for most of my life and I never get tired of seeing his work in person. The collection moves through the years and decades of his life's work. This set of 80 prints (on display until August 3) is amazing in its breadth. There are even several small prints on loan from a private collection dating back to the 1920s. These early soft-focus prints are small and brown with sepia. Adams used sepia extensively as a preservative in archival processing. He moved quickly away from the browns in favor of the bolder contrast grays and blacks.I've thought a lot about what Adams would think of digital and the advent of high dynamic range (HDR). This exhibit helped me understand how much he would endorse HDR. Ansel was THE early master at HDR. Everything he did: from expose and develop the negative through to the execution of the print, was aimed at creating the greatest range of light and dark possible.With this exhibit you can see his approach to the limitations of the technology of his time. He always developed the print to show the correct exposure for the highlights. In doing this, many of the darker areas are dark - and sometimes too dark (This is one of the main challenges of all photography). Some of the darkness is the result of red filters used to darken a blue sky and increase the contrast with clouds. This really shows up on the Half Dome print in the exhibit.As he became  more masterful with his craft and the technologies available - film types, filters, developers, paper, etc. - the range of light on the print evened out and this, along with his usual flawless composition, helped Ansel Adams create some of the most iconic images known.Personal Favorites:+ Golden Gate before the Bridge - Taken in 1932 when he was 30 years old. It might not have even been city when he stood on a hill in what is now the center of San Francisco. This image is part of the permanent collection at the MET in NYC.+ Moonrise, Hernandez - One of his most popular images, its always been one of my favorite black and whites of all time. I drove through Hernandez, NM once unexpectedly - on Route 84 the same road he was on when he took this image in 1941. It sort of freaked my out thinking about his place in time 80 year earlier. Sotheby's sold one of these popular prints for more than $600K in 2006.+ Mount Williamson, Sierra Nevada from Manzanar (1944) - An stunning example of sharp foreground and background. A perfect composition. He had to have been at f64 for this image. + Frozen Lake and Cliffs, The Sierra Nevada (1932) - By their nature, all black and white images are abstract.  This image is abstract in its composition as well. It makes perfect visual sense in every way. I could go on, but you get the idea - go see the Ansel Adams exhibit for yourself. It's convenient, not crowded and spectacular. Kudos to Eiteljorg for bringing this important exhibit to Indianapolis.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,9/4/2014,24,113,10,6,7>I thought I was adapting to the polar vortex weather when I stopped coming close to hypothermia every time I went outside, but then I stepped on a scale. Long's Bakery, take a bow - you've provided me with the layer of insulation I needed to survive this winterlong transformation of Indianapolis into the planet Hoth.The donuts. Oh, the donuts. You step inside and you're hit with the steamy smell of warm yeast dough and nuts and glaze and milk chocolate. If they had church here I'd go. We always get a box full of donuts and scarf one in the parking lot. They're just that good.The standout is a little fried, glazed, nut-topped and chocolate frosting-mounded number that gets me every time. They also have seasonal concoctions that slay my face with taste. These donuts are so good I swear they have angel wings.Bring cash - they don't take card or check. Haven't looked into the possibility of trading your firstborn for a dozen, but it's worth a shot.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,9/3/2014,41,28,1,6,5>I actually give this place 4.5 stars. We arrived at 10:30 on a Sunday (opening weekend). It wasn't busy and we were helped right away. Thomas, the bartender was extra friendly and chatted it up with us as we sipped our prohibition era cocktails. The vibe of this bar is classy, like a flapper girl speak easy. The music played is classical and inviting.We had a clover club and a cacao 72% cocktails. Both delicious. This bar sells true cocktails. Not a lot of sweet, flirty mixtures. Many of the drinks are heavy, bitter, strong or all of the above.I haven't tried the food yet since the kitchen closes at 9 on weekdays. The menu is small but offers a variety for both vegetarian and meat lovers. I will definitely be back. I'd love to hang at this place on a busy weekend night.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,9/2/2014,77,113,1,3,6>Where has this place been?!?!? Seriously! Super cheap food and drink specials, super spacious, pool table, heated smokers deck, dance floor, live bands, and a huge menu! Need I say more? Ok, ok. There is Taco Tuesday (only 25cent tacos!) as well as killer specials every night of the week! Even Friday and Saturday ($5.99 pizzas on Friday!). It's huge although it can get crowded really quickly. Parking is also a bitch (the lot is waay too small). But really, this place is just an all around win.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,9/1/2014,94,183,1,4,4>What can I say I was in a mood for carbs and hadn't had pizza in a while. The lunch buffett will get you that and then some!   This is a great deal for 8.00 with a drink.   There is a wide variety of hot and fresh pizzas, breadsticks, and dessert pizzas.   Fresh salad bar.  Super clean and the staff is nice.   Awesome lucnch deal!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,8/31/2014,52,246,1,4,4>I like to shop here.  I have purchased a significant amount of lawn care equipment here and these guys always give you the honest explanation of what's going on.  I do my research ahead of time and I have never had an instance of them trying to oversell what I need.  Matter of fact they usually go out of there way to try and find a deal or discount if they have one available which is usually in the off season.  They also do a great and fast job on chain/blade sharpening and tune ups.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,8/30/2014,106,123,5,5,5>Best kept secret, for sure. It doesn't look like much from the street... and is pretty standard on the inside, but it's all about authentic food when you get down to it. Hubs and I were the only non-asians in the place - always a good sign. I should have told the waitress to bring me her favorite dish. I had no idea what I was ordering by looking at the names; rolling the dice seemed to be the best way to decide. And I got a WINNER!Super affordable. Great food. Large portions.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2014,8/29/2014,47,296,2,3,4>We initially went to check this place out for Northside Nights, but none of us ended up getting anything from the NN menu. This restaurant is located in a plane-Jane strip mall, blending in brilliantly with its suburban environment. The inside is interesting; it has a very minimalist feel to it: cement floors, a mixture of tables and booths, a very high ceiling, and random pieces of art dotting the walls. It had a modern feel to it, accompanied by the ability to draw in crayon on the paper tablecloth. This place is a bit pricey for what it ultimately is.One of the couples ordered the Baked Goat Cheese appetizer, made up of goat cheese, roasted garlic, and olive oil, served with roasted bread for $10.50. I ordered the Duck Burger done medium with a side of Cajun-seasoned tatertots for around $14, an extra 75 cents for the Cajun seasoning. The burger was delicious--made of duck, cherry chutney, three peppercorn pisto, fennel slaw, and pickled shallots. The flavors blended together beautifully and it tasted great. The cherry chutney really stood out to me. I recommend getting your fries or tots Cajun-style.Others ordered the Local Muffaletta made up of ham, salamis, asiago cheese, chipotle aioli, arugula, and olive tapenade, and he enjoyed it a lot. He also ordered the Cajun seasoning. Another ordered the Lamb Burger made of lamb, feta basil mousse, arugula, cabernet onions, and tomato jam and was pleased. Two others ordered the Bacon Fat Braised Octopus created by braising octopus in bacon reduction then grilled, served with confit tomatoes, grilled leeks, and a celery root puree. The octopus sounded great, but it was a wildly tiny portion for $20. Neither people seemed overjoyed with that selection. The beer selection is okay--I had a Boulevard Single-wide IPA and a Schlafly Kolsch, both $5. Overall, the place has interesting, quality food, and it's a bit overpriced, but I understand what they're attempting to do. It's worth checking out for the experience.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,8/28/2014,29,261,1,4,4>As a resident of Indy I am proud to house this beautiful library in our city. Attended a play here in the evening. Loved the underground parking and the building is full of beautiful art and has lots of character. It offers so much more than a place to grab a book and run!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,8/27/2014,37,73,1,5,4>Yum!My brother and I went to south of Chicago for deep dish pizza, and it did not disappoint. We got breadsticks and mozzarella sticks to start. The mozzarella sticks weren't overly impressive- I would just order more breadsticks next time. They were awesome. They had some craft beers on draft, and I had a Bells two hearted. If you are looking for miller lite or bud on draft, look elsewhere. The deep dish is what we had. It was great. I plan on going back for more cheesy goodness.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,8/26/2014,40,114,1,3,5>This is my third time visiting and slowly but surely Puerto Vallarta is becoming my fave little spot on the Westside. The decor is nice and vibrant. It's always clean and the service is consistently good and quick although at times I feel a bit rushed. Their menu consists of your standard Mexican faire. Chips and salsa are served at every table. You can order queso dip for extra charge. This is a fun place to try something new. During my first visit I had the chimichangas. Oh my, they were freaking ridiculous! I thought about those chimichangas for days. During my second visit, I had the taco salad with beef. Blech! A flavorless mess. Tonight, I had the fajita quesadilla with shrimp. Wow! Delicious! Green peppers, onions, shrimp, and oozing with cheese wrapped in a tortilla. It was so, so, so, so good! Plus, they didn't charge extra for the shrimp like many places. Also, I ordered an ice tea. It was weak. Not worth it.As you can see, some menu items are winners while some you want to steer far away from. I encourage others to check this place out. It might take a bit of trial and error, but you are bound to find something spectacular.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/25/2014,115,246,1,5,4>$30 for two weeks unlimited classes!I've done heated yoga, slow yoga, basic yoga, and pilates. The studio is cute and has a great vibe. I'm a fan!Website with schedule here: invokestudio.com/schedul
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/24/2014,41,149,2,3,5>My wife and I absolutely love this place! This is on the top of our list of restaurant's to eat at! We've been here a lot and every time have never been disappointed! The atmosphere is very classy looking just as if you were in Las Vegas, I've never been there but imagine this place is pretty close!  The staff are very friendly and they know their menu very well, if you have questions about the menu they know the answer! My wife and I also like how they have someone playing a piano, just fits the atmosphere!  My favorite dish to order is the Mom's Meatloaf, I know what you're saying...meatloaf? Yes, meatloaf!!! This will be the best meatloaf you sink your teeth in, trust me! They also have a wide selection of martinis and wine with a 30% off deal on all wine bottles on Saturdays!  Long story short, if you haven't been here you should try them out, you WILL NOT be disappointed!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,8/23/2014,86,77,3,4,4>I really like our airport... I've been to countless airports and Indy has a lot of great things going for it.Many of the restaurants are local-- Parachou, Harry & Izzys, 96th steakburger. It's nice to see some local love when it comes to dining options.It's open and airy with lots of windows. It's 20 minutes to downtown Indy.Short security lines, generally short check in lines, and typically the wait for checked luggage isn't too long.It amazes me that some airports (I'm looking at you Atlanta) still allow for smoking. Indy is 100% smoke free.There's some good art work around, too.Oh and FREE WIFI.My biggest pet peeves are:The sinks in the restroom-- both the soap dispenser and the water leave something to be desired.The willynilly bus schedule for the parking lot. It's never consistent.Since we dont really have a choice, I'll keep flying in and out of there, but I'll enjoy myself each time I do.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,8/22/2014,122,70,2,5,3>First off this is not a hole in the wall Chinese restaurant although you can find most normal take out menu items along with about 150 more options. Menu is a little ridiculous and makes me wonder how they can stock this much "fresh" food........ Also I'm not sure why foreign restaurants have a different opinion of service and making menu adjustments is next to impossible. I wanted to try a few things on the menu yet everything looks very large and family style. I ordered the sesame chicken, fried wontons, and tried to order a small order of green beans but they only offer one $9 large size and wouldn't accommodate me. The wontons have arrived and don't look great and before I finished typing this my sesame chicken got plopped down. Hmmmmm, well I can be wrong, everything was good. Wontons didn't look like much but they tasted homemade and the sesame chicken was a step above take out and closer to Mark Pis and PF Changs quality of chicken. I will be back to be a little more adventurous on  the menu. Five stars below is a little ridiculous but so are most yelp reviews. Id give this place a solid 4 for Chinese restaurants in Indy, but modern family is playing on the tv for some reason and the atmosphere is a little awkward to say the least. This place seats like 500 people and is huge yet there is never more people that full up the small section to the left when you walk in??? Live lobster seafood Aquarians is a bonus!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,8/21/2014,90,90,1,5,5>I'm always nervous to try someone new when it comes to my hair...as is anyone, I think. I found Just Teasin' through Groupon and when my roots started poppin up I knew the time had come for me to get to business.The atmosphere is super fun and really inviting, it really draws you in! The way that the salon is set up is really nice because it allows you to see what is going on around you but also allows some separation between you and everyone else getting their hair done. I told Natalie what I wanted and she knew exactly how to get me to the style, color, and cut that I was looking for. She was super nice and didn't at all have that "I'm judging you because you don't know everything there ever was to know about hair" vibe that I hate encountering when going to a salon. I think I found my new hair salon which is a feat in and of itself and I couldn't be more pumped about it!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,8/20/2014,14,92,1,3,3>New location, this place is at the NE corner of 34th and Shadeland.  Cool store, several varieties of 49cc scooters, some 150cc as well.  They go fast so you might have to wait a few days to get the exact one you had in mind.  Haven't had to use service dept yet, but looks like it is fully staffed and large.  Everyone here was really helpful, I would recommend getting a scooter here than other places due to price and warrant/service availability.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,8/19/2014,91,218,2,7,9>First timers entered  not knowing what to expect so we asked the owner for recommendations she sweetly recommended the Major for two X two since we had a party of seven. We didn't think that could possibly be enough food but we were stuffed with food left over. The major combo is a wonderful selection of chicken, beef, lamb and lamb and veggies with eight veggie sides.The owner was an absolute doll and very attentive.We had the place to ourselves until the end of our meal so we need to spread the word and keep this gem open.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,8/18/2014,25,52,3,4,4>I am so charmed by the fact that every waiter/waitress will yell at the TV in the middle of an order, especially the bartender who will slam a hand on the bar in frustration if his or her team isn't doing well. The best (or worst) time to come is during a great soccer game. It gets pretty rowdy, but it's actually kind of fun, because this is where the true soccer fans go.The bar is one of my favorites on Mass Ave simply for the knowledge they possess. I've had some pretty great mixed shots created by one of the bartenders, and I've even found some beer that I like there--not usually one to get too excited about beer. It's pretty laid back, but the servers have always been attentive. The food, for bar food, is surprisingly good. Their fish and chips are the perfect amount of greasy and crunchy while their appetizers and desserts aren't overwhelmingly huge and full of sugar. However, everything comes in huge portions--I can never finish a whole meal, even the half portions.If you're looking for a quiet place to relax and have a beer, this isn't the place. If you want to get fired up about a great sport (real football), come here and enjoy the company of your fellow fans and rivals. But, be careful how you talk shit if your team is going to end up losing!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,8/17/2014,62,42,1,7,5>This is a hidden gem. As someone who loves a good burger, Fat Dan's supplied me with a GREAT burger. I had your standard burger with cheese and bacon, and it changed my world. I can't imagine what would have happened if I had selected a specialty burger! They have a variety of craft beers, and their hand-cut fries are delicious. They are lightlysalted- almost seems a shame to put ketchup on them. I highly recommend Fat Dan's... And I'll definitely be back!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,8/16/2014,103,33,4,7,6>Out of all of the frozen yogurt places in Indy, this is my favorite when it comes to the amount of flavors that I like. The cheesecake, cake batter, vanilla and red velvet definitely stand out in my memory as some of the best. I am thoroughly impressed with how they make the yogurt taste so creamy, yet it doesn't have all of the fat content that regular ice cream does. This is great for people on low fat diets. My dad has had a heart surgery and this is a dessert option that we can enjoy together without worrying about the fat content and how it is detrimental to his health. Each of the flavors are labeled as to whether they are low fat, no fat or vegan. Pretty hand and good for decision making if you ask me.  Helpful hints: Can't decide if you one or of the other side of the pull down tab? Use the one in the middle for a swirl of both flavors. For some reason I was a novice for a year before I recalled my childhood memories of Ponderosa and remember what the middle, steel lever can do to reduce decision making. Helpful hint 2: there are taste tester cups at the far right end of the toppings bar.Seats along the front window are perfect for people watching. Don't forget to check out the picture wall directly to the left when you walk in to see all of the happy, yogurt-eating faces. If you are craving a caffeine loaded pick me up, do not forget about their drinks. The menu is behind the counter on the wall. I tend to forget because I b-line for the yogurt.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,8/15/2014,5,82,2,6,4>I stopped here with a coworker after work for a glass of wine and some snacks in the bar.  I have to say, the offerings they have from 4-6PM are quite nice!  I had the bacon truffle popcorn, which paired quite nicely with a Malbec!  The popcorn had chopped, real bacon throughout; there were no bacon bits here.  The truffle oil on the popcorn was wonderful!  Other options sounded quite tempting as well (fried oysters, sliders, mustard plate with sausages, cheeses, etc.)  Service was great!  The atmosphere was not too noisy or crowded, and the bar has a nice view of the grounds around the restaurant.I still need to come back here for dinner before too much more time passes!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,8/14/2014,29,57,1,8,5>Julias opening has been highly anticipated as we lack choices of Caribbean food in Indy. They serve up a nice array of dishes including Jerk chicken, curry chicken, meatloaf fried pork chops, crab cakes and salmon patties. Friday is fish fry Fridays!! We ordered curry chicken which was good but the curry was not strong enough. The candied yams were  devine and  the mac and cheese was creamy and cheesy, one of the best mac and cheese I've had in a long time. Service is nice, but slow. The restaurant is clean though the exterior could use some work!! Nice outdoor seating!!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,8/13/2014,43,146,5,4,4>Okay, Black Market is out of my doghouse. Two years ago, this place was plagued with all sorts of problems: bartenders who couldn't mix a Manhattan, wait staff that was inattentive and clueless about the menu and wine list, and a surly chef with a 'my way or the highway' attitude who refused substitutions or modifications to any menu item.This place has done a complete 180. This place is now consistently turning out some of the best food (and allowing substitutions to cater to each diner). The service has been top notch with wait staff that has meaningful things to say about the dishes on the menu and the wines/cocktails, and the bar has now been stocked with top shelf liquor and the cocktail list makes good use of it.The last full meal I had here was boneless bacon wrapped rabbit loins served over goat cheese grits with a red curry sauce. I was skeptical and was leaning towards the 'safer' pork chop dish, but after conferring with the waitress, she convinced me to go for the rabbit. I was really glad I did. The portion size was more than ample (I had enough leftovers for a lunch the next day). The rabbit was delicious and amazingly moist. I'm not a huge fan of grits, but these were excellent with a great flavor that combined well with the bacon and the curry sauce. Dessert was a traditional berry cobbler with ice cream that was quite good.My most recent visit was on New Years Eve. I had had a quite disappointing dinner elsewhere and decided to stop into Black Market to attempt to redeem the evening. We found another rabbit loin dish on the appetizer menu and enjoyed that with a couple cocktails. The rabbit was served on top of a fluffy bread dumpling and covered in a mustard sauce. However, the sauce tasted more of sage and when combined with the bread dumpling, it was very reminiscent of a Thanksgiving stuffing with brown gravy. At any rate, it was delicious and debated licking the bowl clean just for the sauce. Dessert was a brickle with cream cheese ice cream drizzled with bourbon caramel sauce. Seriously, why isn't all ice cream cream cheese ice cream? I enjoyed a nice glass of red wine that was served at an acceptable temperature (not piss warm), and the girlfriend got a cocktail that had a g*d*****d housemade, roasted marshmallow on top of it! This place saved the night.I'm giving Black Market four stars for now, but if they keep this up, they could go from 'worst to first' and earn an elusive John Z. Five Star Rating...
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,8/12/2014,31,87,4,5,4>Hello Saran-wrap!Okay, so the presentation leaves something to be desired.  And that "something to be desired" includes the faded George Jetson interior--not to mention the fact that the awning sign is so faded that it's practically impossible to tell this place is still in business.But Stars succeeds in spite of all that, mainly because the sandwiches are smartly prepared and offer an eclectic enough variety.  It's grab-and-go (so don't linger to soak in the garish purple decor) and everything still tastes fresh enough that it was obviously just wrapped.Essentially, it's an airport kiosk but without the airport prices and superior quality.  Special hat tip to their creative sides, such as Thai noodles or a memorable dill potato salad.It's Indy's quietest little lunchtime institution.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,8/11/2014,12,34,2,4,2>My brother-in-law wanted a large pepper mill, and the usual kitchen stores - Williams-Sonoma, Sur la Table - only had the regular size ones. After a quick Google search for restaurant supply stores in Indianapolis, this place popped up. And what a hidden gem!  You'd never notice it driving down Georgetown road, it's in an office building - but it's definitely worth the visit. The man at the counter was very pleasant - I told him what I was looking for, he showed me a few options in their catalog, I picked the one I wanted, he ordered it from the warehouse (which is just behind the tiny little showroom there) and in 5 minutes I had my 17 inch walnut pepper mill - for $27! I brought a catalog home for future reference - I likely will be back again! They have an incredible selection of kitchen supplies, some of which only restaurants would use (think 8 dozen soup bowls in one package), but many things are priced right for regular consumers and cooking enthusiasts.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,8/10/2014,35,201,2,7,2>When you hear "gun club", you may have visions of good ol' boys shootin' it up. Not that there's anything wrong with that but this is still Hamilton County and you're in for a far more upscale experience. Equipment that works by voice, prox card and every other type of technology imaginable.For those that have not done it, sporting clays are like target practice meets golf. Many sporting clays facilities are not even open to the public so it is a real treat to be able to walk right in on a weekend and kill an hour getting some fresh air, exercise and target practice. Even if you're on your own, the equipment has a 4 second delay mode which allows you to trigger your own clays.I stopped at the night before to pick up some shells because I was afraid that the shop at the club would be subsidizing the reasonably priced clays with overpriced shells. I was wrong. The shells in the shop were 9 cents per box cheaper than Cabela's and they sell them by the each (versus most stores only giving those prices on the case).This is a great facility and everybody should take advantage of it.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/9/2014,21,136,2,7,3>We continue to really enjoy The Legend. It's a good place to convene a group in Irvington. I still find the service (and management) to be a little hit or miss, but The Legend thoroughly deserves its 4 stars for the food. What strikes me most is that the food is always so consistent, which I really appreciate. I'm not sure I've ever eaten something bad. There are some good staples on the menu, but they regularly have interesting, creative specials that make you want to seek out a meal (see: fig sandwich with bacon and brie). The prices, especially at lunch, are unbeatable considering how much food you get.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/8/2014,25,52,1,6,4>Solid lunch buffet. First time venturing to the smaller Castleton location, so I was pleasantly surprised that the food quality and service was just as good as the original Carmel location. There did appear to be fewer options than what I recall, but there are still plenty to choose from. My go-to is chicken tikka masala so I tend to stick with eating mostly this, and sampling the other options. Chicken was moist and sauce delicious. I'm hungry just thinking about it. All the dishes I tried were fairly mild (typical for buffer), so if you prefer spicy like I do, adjust the heat level with the red chili pepper sauce and raw jalapeno slices. Also, can't go wrong with the garlic naan! Fresh, crispy, and not too garlicky.Appreciated the attentive staff for keeping my glass full. I felt like I was drinking water by the gallon that day.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,8/7/2014,93,169,2,4,4>Woah! This place is great! This is upscale chinese with a low scale chinese price! I love it. I ordered Kung Pao Chicken and it rocked. The entrees come with soup and two crab ragoons. Boba tea is delicious and I generally don't like the teas with the little balls in them! Also, service was pretty prompt. Place was clean. Definitely recommend. Definitely going back.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,8/6/2014,28,156,1,6,4>Located within the Bank of Indianapolis building downtown on Meridian, this is an excellent and honest tailor. The woman who works here is very friendly, obviously knows what she is doing, and looks like she works hard!  I've been here a few times over the last few years.  I actually went to Leon Tailoring once since it's a bit closer to me and parking is easier, but didn't like them (or their prices) as much.  I recently brought in some items to alter the week of Thanksgiving and she told me straight up that they were very busy that week, being a short work week, and they wouldn't get to it until after Thanksgiving, so I bought it back later--thanks for the honesty! I've had jeans hemmed here and they can either use the original hem if it's not torn up or put a new hem on that looks similar to the original hem, $15. I've also had a bridesmaid dress, gauze blouse, and other pants altered or hemmed, all with perfect and fast results. She asks questions about how the item is going to be worn to make sure she alters it the way you want.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,8/5/2014,42,145,1,2,4>A tasty hang out in Broad Ripple.  They have their own parking lot too!  Pizzas and salads are delicious.  The beer selection is pretty stellar as well.  It can get crowded and I don't quite understand their wait list policy (we were quoted an outrageous wait time, but were told we probably only wait a few minutes).  It was clean and great for our triple date.  There are plenty of options for all types of food eaters.  The prices are extremely fair.  This place is great for a group or for a date!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,8/4/2014,193,244,1,10,4>Yeah.  It's a 5.You should know...I don't drink alcohol, so I can't speak to their beer selection of the quality of the beer.I CAN speak to the atmosphere, service, and food, and it was all stellar.  The menu is limited...food isn't their "main" thing, after all, but it was very good.  The service was stellar, and more than that, from the servers to the bookstore clerk to the owner himself, they all seemed like they actually appreciated  the fact that we were there.  That goes a long way.  We'll be back, and soon.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/3/2014,102,147,1,3,4>I decided to save my 100th review for one of my favorite places ever.I guess you could say that a Groupon deal changed my life. Really.A few years ago, my friend and I needed a new place to get our regular Zumba fix, she found a Groupon for Studio Z, we gave it a shot and the rest is history.I won't go into too much detail on all the classes and instructors as the scheduling and instructors can change.  I would recommend checking their Facebook for daily updates on the schedule. Let me start by saying this, this place is definitely worth visiting. Everyone here is incredibly nice and wants you to have a blast and meet your fitness goals as well.Tons of different class times and various instructors. They ALL rock and bring their own unique style to their classes. I have never not had fun in a class. You will find that some classes can be a bit more high energy/impact than others, so I recommend trying a few instructors to find what works best for you and your style. They currently offer one price to take any of the classes they offer that day, that means you could try multiple classes for the price you would normally pay for one elsewhere! They also offer unlimited type of passes. Check their website for current pricing and times of classes.Should you try this place out, don't be intimidated if others seem to know the songs really well, they just might as this place has many regulars, come try it out and as long as you are moving, you are doing Zumba right! Also, if you see me there (I try to go a few times a week), feel free to say hi to me, I love meeting new Zumba lovers! They also offer some alternatives to regular Zumba including Turbo Kick, Circuit Challenge and Zumba in the Circuit (Zumba + Circuit, one of my favorites!). Special shout out to Mary, one of the owners of Studio Z for being one of the most motivating, inspiring, crazy fun people ever. She is so welcoming to everyone and her classes are awesome. She is also a personal trainer and those services are offered here at as well. She has inspired many people (including myself) to go to the training to teach Zumba ourselves. She is even currently offering an option to allow these instructors to try out teaching with a free class option on Friday nights, amazing! I could go on and on about my love for Studio Z but really you should just get your butt here and get dancing!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,8/2/2014,34,401,3,4,2>Decent little place, nice addition to Rushville.  Unfortunately they were out of pulled pork when we arrived, but said in about 45 minutes they'd have some more ready. I ended up with the brisket plate with green beans and mac n' cheese.   The sides were good. The brisket wasn't as i expected as most people don't give the entire slab they cut off.  They did.. the proudly laid it across the plate.  I was a little worried as it looked dry and didn't have a deep smoke ring.  Despite this it had good taste and wasn't all that dry.  It could have used a bit more juice, but the good flavor nearly made up for the little bit of dryness.  It pulled apart fairly easily. The flavor was there throughout the meat and it had a nice crust.  They have a few different sauces, sweet, jalapeno, habanero and something white.. They were all good with their own flavor, no complaints. The decor is missing... they have some things on the wall, but it may be a work in progress.  my wife says the sweet potato fries are freaking awesome...
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,8/1/2014,33,209,3,6,4>Located just 2 blocks south and west of Westfield's intersection of Union and SR 32, it would be easy to miss Rail. They're located in a rustic red barn which is currently on a side street, but once Westfield completes it's Plaza construction, Rail will certainly be a popular destination.  But don't wait till then to find them!  Owned and operated by a couple who first met working together at former Westfield institution Keltie's, they're already taking reservations for intimate prix fixe four course dinners several times a month.  During the days, you can stop in to shop for Liberation Coffee,  B. Happy peanut butter, and Traders Point milk.  They offer several salads and sandwiches to either eat in or take to go.  On my first trip I had to try one of their own cinnamon rolls with bacon ... oh my, that alone is worth the trip!  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,7/31/2014,120,222,1,5,4>There's nothing better than enjoying the game with your friends at a sports bar.  Yeah, going to the actual game is pretty fun too - but as we all know it can be fairly prohibitive with ticket costs and $9 stadium beers.  But what if the game came to the sports bar?  Welcome to the Colts Grille.I first went to the Colts Grille during the 2012 NFL Playoffs; the place was packed and buzzing with grid-iron excitement.  Some family from New England (and die-hard Pats fans) were with us, so I my hopes for a great experience were especially high.  You know when you walk in that you're in a hard-core football establishment - the waiting-area is draped with some awesome Colts memorabilia and team collectibles.  We were seated and I was awe-struck with the amount of t.v. screens - you literally don't have to turn your head more than 30 degrees to watch any game, with mini screens in each booth.  Awesome. You also get the sense like you're sitting in a stadium suite; there are even private party rooms that really do look like a club box, with all the modern conveniences you need to enjoy the broadcast in style.Can you say hometown Indiana pride?  The Colts Grille sources a lot of Hoosier-based food and local craft brewery options.  That's a two-point conversion in my playbook.  We got our orders in before kickoff - started with some appetizers and a bucket of long-necks; the prosciutto, artichoke and spinach dip was on-point and you can never go wrong with the chips and salsa.  I also ordered the Farmer's Market Steak Salad - a generous portion of NY Strip over a bead of leafy greens, house dressing, and a fried egg.  Pretty sure this is one of the best salads ever...  The service was also great, really prompt servers always there to help us keep the drinks coming.Once the game got going, the place started to amp up.  We were watching the game that was broadcast over the restaurant and every time there was a touchdown, the music blasted and the party lights got going - everyone was into it, like we were actually at the game!  They even have hide-away glass in the men's bathroom so you can see the screens when hitting the head after a few buckets, so don't miss a fantasy-crazed minute.  Fun trivia games also keep you entertained during commercials and half-time.I like going to the game just as much as the next fan, but when you can bring the game to a sports bar with excellent food, drinks, and service like the Colts Grille, it makes it awful tough to decide.  My family from NE were really impressed, especially since they wanted to enjoy the game and were looking for a taste of local Indianapolis culture.  Did I already use a two-point conversion reference?  This is one of the best places to watch the game in Indy.  Go Blue!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,7/30/2014,153,144,1,3,5>Don't you just love it when you having a craving and a random stop takes care of it? I was really wanting some coffee and I am not a fan of the ever so popular chain that has taken over most cities... So I stopped in for a mid day cup of Joe- So glad my random stop ended here.The shop is large with good seating, table for 2 or 4, as well as some comfy looking chairs. Next time I will park my tush and review the seating on that side of the cafe.Anyway, I was a bit surprised by how busy it was for a late morning. Very diverse crowd. Which I love. The college aged set were taking advance of the free and easy to access WIFI for studying, The retired group just seem to be enjoying each other, and all ages in between flowed in and out.Service was friendly, I had the pour over and it was delish. You cannot beat the prices either. $2.59 was shockingly affordable. I am ashamed to say I have paid much more then that in the past, for lesser quality.The decor was fun and a lot of the art was for sale.Parking was fairly easy across the street.Looking forward to return very soon!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,7/29/2014,5,51,,5,4>The Rathskeller is home to many locals for a number of reasons. In the summers the amphitheater is alive with live music and people dancing after a number of the infamous Optimators. Delicious beer continues to flow throughout the day where you can enjoy wonderful German food out in the beer garden. The large variety of drink sizes is sure to please the heaviest drinker and light weight of the group. The menu is diverse with many of the traditional German dishes, their potato salad is the best in the area! Every experience here is one to remember and enjoy! As the Polka Boys sing so well: "In heaven there is no beer, that's why we drink it here."
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,7/28/2014,265,331,5,5,4>Owner Mick is friendly as can be--his manner on the phone won me over first and then in person, very sweet. He was able to fix me up while I ran across the street for an errand. Guy is like a vacuum whisperer. No joke. Too bad I don't have a better quality vacuum.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,7/27/2014,287,451,2,9,3>We enjoy a friendly and cozy neighbor pub with good food, excellent service and this fits the bill. It reminds me of Major Tooley's in Chapel Hill back in the day for those who remember it. You're greeted warmly with a big smile and often by name. I use to be a regular here but the smoke and my asthma demanded I stop. That is NO longer an issue for those who experienced the smoking days. The atmosphere and conversation is lively with an abundant amount of laughter and chatter. The décor is tastefully done in maritime (close to Eagle Creek) with an eclectic mix of racing and humorous fines. Check out the gator head on your way to the restroom. The majority of the crowd is 35-60 with background rock and roll music playing that we all know. The perfect type of pub a person can get lost in for a lazy afternoon (free Wi-Fi), game day or fun night out for dinner. The outdoor patio, weather permitting, is a nice addition for those of us who love the sunshine.The menu has a nice selection from appetizers, salads, sandwiches, wraps or dinners with daily specials. Not everything is deep fried and the onion petals and fries are not greasy. The BLT, Club, Onion Petals, Fries, Spinach Dip, Calamari, and Wraps are a few of our favorites. Cindy, our very efficient server, is so nice, does a first-rate job and made us feel right at home. The bartender, darn I forgot her name, isn't a slacker either. She provides splendid service while chatting with patrons and is very competent to handles both very well. Certainly different from a few bartenders I've encountered recently who can either stand around and talk, and mainly talk, or serve the customers but not both. Reasonable prices, good food, craft beer, comfortable and decent size bar or tall top tables with booths available on upper level. Nice place for a drink, meal or simply get lost for a few hours watching a game or visiting with friends.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/26/2014,41,43,3,5,5>So, this place kind of rocked my socks off.I've had so many people tell me I needed to check this place out and last night I finally had the opportunity! The atmosphere is super interesting and the bar service is top-notch. The night we were there, Dorgan and Milroy (the Muncie Brothers) put on a spectacular show that mostly consisted of crazy, audience engaging contests. Unicorn mask? Check. Pin-the-mustache-on-the-incredibly-creepy-giant-­clowns face? Check. I knew you were wondering.I definitely want to return in the future and catch one of their burlesque shows, as that's what most people rave about. I heard cover is generally between $5-$10 dollars for some of the bigger shows, but I believe that it's more than worth it for the drink service/show you will enjoy!I'll be back, White Rabbit. You've got me right where you want me.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,7/25/2014,115,150,10,4,2>I have noticed that as I get older the more manly my facial hair looks. No more soft, less noticeable peach fuzz.  If I don't do anything it looks like I'm growing a Fu Manchu mustache and a friggin' goatee. And don't get me started on my sad, Albert Einstein looking eyebrows. My eyebrows grow downward and super fast; I have to make sure I have a pair of tweezers in my purse for emergency purposes.And nothing is more embarrassing when your significant other points at your chin and says, "Is that a really long hair on your chin??"I'm so pleased that I found Mina at Minshu's Threaded Eyebrows. Since this was my first time threading my face (YUP, my hairy bread must go!) she gave me reasons why threading was better than tweezing and waxing, how long its been done in India, how long she's been doing it (since she was very young), and the process. You have to make sure to stretch your skin tight so that they don't cut your skin.The outcome: smooth, soft, HAIRLESS face and perfect eyebrows. She gave me some tips on how to make my eyebrows grow the right direction (DOWN Einstein!) and how castor oil would help me grow hair where I had over plucked.Will I be back.. heck yes!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,7/24/2014,41,120,4,5,6>I'm a big Raiders of the Lost Ark fan.  It's been my favorite movie since 1981 when we went over to Novi, Michigan to see it.  In it, Dr. Jones hops around the world and visits exotic locations.   Such is the atmosphere one gets when visiting Darrin's in the heart of Zionsville.  During the warmer months, coffee fans scoot through the doorway through some warm weather dividers, which just adds to the fun.  Upon entering, many times you will see the beans being roasted by Darrin himself and the aroma of coffee in different stages is enough to get you kick started for your day.  Darrin is a wonderful man and always seems to take pride in his passion for great coffee.   He's happy to share what he knows and wants to make sure his patrons are taken care of.   Yes, he's local and yes, he's just minutes from both my home and office, but I would happily drive across town just to pick his brain about great coffee and sip the magical dark water made from beans from around the world.  So, visit Darrin's today for a little taste of adventure in Zionsville, Indiana.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,7/23/2014,30,203,1,4,4>There's a whole lotta lovin' going on here.  The building, to me, looks like a home that's been opened to share what mamma has to offer.  Were we to visit our friends in Greece I'm sure their welcoming dinner would taste just like this.  Baked lemony potatoes and stewed beans would be in abundance.  Flaming cheese? Crispy and tart with lemon and ouzo. Cut a piece and wrap in pita. Don't forget to schmear in the drippings on the plate. Avgolemono? Yep. We've had different variations around the country.  This is a smooth broth eggy broth with orzo.  Don't forget to hit it with an extra squeeze from the lemons. Devour platter? Mousaka, Pastichio, gyros, stewed beans, lemony potatoes, and cheese filled phyllo.  Both of the casseroles, mousaka and pastichio, are comforting and easy to slide into.  - Note on the staff.  They are a well oiled machine. Greek comfort food at it's best, that we've found in Indianapolis.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2013,7/22/2014,33,191,,6,3>With a 3-star rating I am definitely in the minority here it would seem. We were here for dinner. The service was great - our waters were refilled, we got papad and chutney as soon as we sat down. Food came out in a timely manner.We ordered Gobi Manchurian (indian chinese) as an appetizer. Manchurian is supposed to be sweet, salty, spicy, tart all at the same time. This was really good. But I couldn't figure out what was missing. One key ingredient. There was a little too much batter on the cauliflower.For dinner we ordered Punjabi Curry and Vegetable Jalfarezi. Each dish comes with plain or garlic naan and rice. A great deal and good value for money! The Punjabi Curry was excellent!! Note: It's not punjabi kadhi (and they do not claim it is) the gravy is different... I would come back for this dish. The vegetable jalfarezi on the other hand was very disappointing. When the dish first arrived I was like - Holy mother of orange food coloring! They could have totally skipped this... doesn't do anything to the presentation. In fact, it's a little scary looking. I will be back for the buffet sometime as most of the great reviews are for that.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,7/21/2014,11,140,1,5,4>Bumped up to five stars; when I came back to have some minor damage repaired, it was almost closing time but the son was nice enough to take me by the rental place on his way home (and make sure I was in the right place rather than just dropping me off and leaving).  When I came to pick the car up we noticed a smudge on the front bumper that hadn't been included in the estimate, and he just used a little rubbing compound to make it go away free of charge.  Very friendly, and they do a great job for a reasonable price!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,7/20/2014,26,124,2,4,3>I live so close to Adobo that it could be dangerous.  I love so many things about this place.  For one, they have a margarita deal on Thursdays so when you want to pretend like you're in college again, that's the place to go.  Next, homemade guacamole (made table side) -- it's so good and if you don't get it every time you go you are making a big mistake.  The nachos on the app menu can easily be a meal and are super good. They're loaded with goodness.   I have also tried the shrimp enchilada but I think the butternut squash one is the way to go. The service here is always friendly and it's in a great location downtown so you can go there before any of your downtown functions!  And if you're not convinced you should go by this review then I don't know what else I can tell you.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,7/19/2014,103,114,2,6,5>Yum!!! Food was pretty good! I'll break down the items that I got to try!!!Vanilla malt shake with extra malt was probably the best I have ever had!!! Delicious!Onion rings.... A bit greasy but pretty darn good! The batter was crispy!! And onion was just perfect and sweet!Cheese balls had a good flavor, but it wasn't hot enough. I love it to be so hot that the cheese just drips out. Super burger was HUGE! I probably wouldn't have ordered it if I knew it was that big. I couldn't finish it. The burger was delicious though!! I enjoyed every bite!Service was great. Our server came quickly and did check up on us. She was nice!!Will definitely be returning... And with an entourage!!!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,7/18/2014,77,219,3,10,4>My wife has been to Ruth's several times for brunch with girlfriends, but until today I never capitalized on the opportunity to enjoy a delicious, low cost breakfast just 3 minutes from my apartment. My wife loves eggs Benedict, and always gets one here. She's had them several places around Indy, and always claims Ruth's to be the best. The reason I've never been until now? I hate eggs Benedict. Well, to be clear, I hate hollandaise. But, my parents wanted to do brunch near my apartment, so we did. Walked in at 10am to a full restaurant and a 15 minute wait for our party of 4. Seated in less than 15 minutes, no problem. As soon as we were ready we put our order in. To my delightful surprise, they have "huge pancakes" on the menu. I asked the waitress if they were big enough for me to only get one. She told me they are the size of a frisbee, so I went with one for $3. I requested a poached egg and a side of bacon. The waitress then offered something amazing: would I like them to mix bacon into my pancake batter and top it with additional bacon? Are you kidding? Please, do so. What I received was nothing short of amazing. I didn't even get charged to add the bacon, which was plentiful throughout the gigantic pancake. So for a coffee (which was filled an average amount of times), an egg, and a huge bacon pancake I shelled out less than $10 for my meal, with my portion of the tip. I'll definitely return over and over again. I'd like to say I'll try some lunch items and some of the daily scrambles, but I'll be honest, I'm going straight for that pancake every time I walk in those doors.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,7/17/2014,16,56,,5,4>This is the place to go for a downtown Indy burger.  Forget the high concept trendy burger joints.  Punch is the simple, economical, and delicious alternative.  When you enter the store you're presented with a floor to ceiling chalkboard detailing all of your choices.  You can select one of their "standard" burgers, or you can walk on the wild side and order off the cuff.My go to burger is beef on a pretzel roll with swiss cheese, pineapple, lettuce, and BBQ sauce.  Throw in a side of waffle fries and you'll be making this a regular lunch spot.Lunch during the week will be busy, but the food is prepared quickly and spots open up at tables and the bar as people head back to work.  Dining here at night can be at times eerily empty, but that just gives you more time to enjoy their delicious handiwork.Also worth a note; they have draft beer.  It's a selection of mostly local brews and it's cheap.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,7/16/2014,70,34,3,7,1>Craving chips and queso? Then La Piedad is your one stop shop!My roommates and I are Mexican food snobs. La Piedad is our go to place when we want warm, crispy tortilla chips, smooth and creamy queso, made to perfection guac, and cheesy arroz con pollo with the perfect chicken to rice ratio. During our last visit I decided to branch out from my usual order, arroz con pollo, and tried the quesadilla rellena (a flour tortilla with cheese and your choice of ground beef or chicken-I went with chicken-with a scoop of beans. Served with lettuce, guacamole, sour cream, and a side of rice). It was delicious!! The perfect amount of beans blended with the chicken and cheese (thumbs up emoji). The rice was a bit bland and dry.Now my mouth is watering and all I want is La Piedad. Too bad we have like 8 inches of snow on the ground right now...
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,7/15/2014,90,62,2,5,1>if you like fried bar food it will be great. i just think you smell like grease when you come out and everything kinda tastes the same. the design of the long narrow room gets very congested as well.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,7/14/2014,39,37,,4,3>Weekend brunch is a must! Little pricey ($16), but it's like the Christmas morning of buffets. Little prime rib to go w/ your fresh omelet? Sure. Pizza and hand-scooped Gelato before noon? Go for it. Breakfast staples like pancakes and biscuits & gravy is not what this is about. Gluttony is more like it. And sometimes a little sin is OK.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/13/2014,70,106,3,7,4>I think my favorite type of bar is the kind I can go to and not have to give a rat's ass about what I'm wearing or what I look like.  This is most definitely the Mousetrap to a T! Granted, I've only been here twice - both on Monday's for trivia- but I've felt right at home.  It's dark and grungy and reminds me of my hometown and makes me wanna snuggle in the for the night.  They have a good selection of draft beers as well as pretty strong mixed drinks too. Also, any food that I've ordered has been scrumptious. Beef stew = yum. Fried pickles = yum. Veggie quesadilla = yumMy only complaint (but I think this is part of its charm) is that the food takes a while to come out. I think there's one person in the kitchen making it and then the guy at the bar is in charge of taking it out, so things can get a little backlogged, especially when they're busy.  Like I said, this is part of the charm, but don't go with a ravenous appetite because you might end up eating the table.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2014,7/12/2014,84,69,,7,2>Emmy's is a pretty solid spot if you're looking for a hearty breakfast in Avon.  It seems to have an almost cult-like following among the locals on this side of town.The atmosphere is interesting, being in a former Chinese restaurant.  They've changed very little about the interior since those days.  The food is pretty standard breakfast food and they have a good selection of it.  My favorite is the Mexican omelet, complete with jalapenos.  Ryan tends to go more on the sweet side for the French toast, which is also well made.Prices are a bit steep for breakfast food, but the food is consistent and the service is good.  If you don't know where to eat in Avon at 9 A.M., Emmy's is your place.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2013,7/11/2014,29,36,5,5,2>I ate at Bru today during a team meeting for lunch. The menu didn't seem vegan friendly at all, but I still went.I asked the server about vegan options and she even asked the cook. I ordered the veggie burger, without a bun because she informed me that it wasn't vegan.It was DELICIOUS! Except... it wasn't vegan. My friend who also works there informed me that there is definitely (though a very small amount) gorgonzola cheese in it (probably why it was so delicious). She also let me know that they can make a portobello cap for next time I visit, or for anyone who's vegan.It'll probably take some time to make my way back to Bru because of the whole cheese incident, but I'm glad that I now know what's truly vegan and what's not.So, I guess what it comes down to is that my vegan powers are gone and if you're looking for delicious meat-less option, the veggie burger will not disappoint.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/10/2014,11,76,2,6,3>The yeast donuts are like little sugary dough clouds topped with thin sprinkling of glaze. I am a cake donut fan lover prior to Long's, but now I can never just go back to cake donuts after having these lighter than air donuts. A little taste of heaven.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,7/9/2014,33,104,,3,3>Looks can be deceiving  . . . . . Yes Bourbon Street looks like a dive bar but if you stick around and give the food a chance it was an amazing menu.    Lunch offers a scaled back menu.   The BBQ is out of this world with my favorite being the pulled pork.  I like it sauce free with the chipotle mayo on the side so I can dip my fries in it.    Another great option is the pork chop.   It's HUGE  - so big that I made three, yes three, meals out of this 7.95 special that comes with some great rice and beans.  Dinner opens up an amazing selection of items.  My favorite is the Cajun Bugs and Pasta.  It's crawfish, a spicy cream sauce and red peppers that is amazing.   The pasta comes with plenty of crawfsih and it's served with garlic bread and a side salad so you'll definitely be getting a second meal out of this one!    There is a great selection of seafood, pasta, burgers and po'boys.  I can't imagine that you will find anything you don't like.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,7/8/2014,179,172,,7,3>The variety of curries here are all incredible. Tongue-blowing, mind-numbing delicious. Masaman is my favorite, with the beef. It has potato, carrot, onions and cashews. It truly is like a Thai beef stew. Served with that coconut milk steamed white rice. For a high octane flavored dish, try the mi ga tee. Coconut flavored noodles set this dish up for a very rich experience. The pad thai is gorgeous all around.The portions are huge making the prices very reasonable for what you get.Service has been decent over the years, nothing too stand out. A few blips here and there but nothing to deter me from coming back when the Curry Kick strikes.Five stars for reliable, filling and delicious food.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,7/7/2014,210,195,6,6,7>You know that experience where you show up 15 minutes before a restaurant/bar closes and the host/server/bartender gives you that "fuck, really?!" look and you feel completely put-off and uncomfortable?That didn't happen.  The bartender was friendly and the pizza was excellent.Welcoming guests and taking orders up until you actually close is key to excellent service.. I'll be back when they open up on Mass Ave.. Carmel gives me the creeps.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/6/2014,71,36,,7,4>I have to admit my bias as I produce some of the live audio sessions that are recorded in this room and count the MOKB Presents and Do317 crew as close friends.There's a lot of love that has gone into this room. The folks who run it are primarily motivated by having a positive cultural effect on Fountain Square and Indy. The room was built by hand using salvaged materials. The PA system is more than enough for such a small room (holds about 60).The room was designed for exclusive live studio sessions with bands before their shows at large venues but also hosts intimate shows with national and regional acts.First Fridays are the best time to check this place out when there's always free live music--including a recent string of national acts.They've just added a large video screen and the room can be rented out for small, private events.Keep your eye out for live band karaoke nights where you get to sing your favorite pop, rock or indie song to a real live band!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,7/5/2014,34,87,,5,2>Super duper!  I can't speak too very much about food because honestly I came for the margs!  I did however share a HUGE helping of chips and guac with a girlfriend and YUMMM!!!  Just  little spicy in some bites...truly perfect.  We even had leftovers that I brought home to me daughter how declared it the best guac ever...aside from my (smart girl).I'm a huge fan of the house margarita.  Just tart and sweet enough.Only reason that it's not a five star is that it was SUPER loud.  I could barley hold a convo with my friend.  Also, the server asked that we tab out with her so she could take off.  That's fine, no big deal but no one else ever came around to see if we wanted anything else.  Yes...I would have loved another one of those perfect margs!Return visit in in order for some tacos etc!  Very impressed!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,7/4/2014,36,154,1,7,4>I went back today and had a much better experience.  I loved my quesadilla this time (chorizo and potato) and I had two bean and cheese tamales too.  Note: the quesadilla wasn't how Americans think of a quesadillas.  It was more like a taco.  The service was faster and the food arrived all together for the most part.Skip getting a side of anything.  The beans last time were not worth $2.50.I will definitely be coming back.  Today has made me a tamale addict.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,7/3/2014,38,92,,3,6>Ok, I am purely rating this place on the atmosphere and the fun I had the night I was there.  Just going to be honest.The waitresses were very nice and the food was delicious, but the atmosphere is perfection.  Located on the corner of bustling Mass Ave and right beside 'Ann Dancing' - the sculpture of a dancing lady that confirms that no matter what you're doing or where you're going, as long as you're on Mass Ave, you'll have an epic night!  I ordered the BBQ Chicken Sandwich which you just HAVE to try.  So good!  My friends got the Quesadilla (which is huge!), be prepared!  And another friend of mind ordered a really delish salad.  I am told that I MUST order the Deluxe Nachos when I return.Great prices, friendly waitresses, epic food, amazeballs atmosphere!  We were here to start the night for my sister-in-law's 30th birthday and let me tell you, we made the right decision.  Will definitely be heading back here again!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,7/2/2014,239,182,,5,3>Oh Puccinis...how I have missed thee...Puccinis is one of those placs that was at the top of my list of "places I couldnt wait to go to after moving back to Indy!" This place does it all right!The wifey and I went here on a late Friday night about an hour before closing. They were very accomadating and attentive...service 5 stars.We fell right back into our comfy Puccinis groove and ordered our favs.Wifeys=The fettucini with vodka sauce. This comes with their house salad and garlic bread. You might be asking "why are you talking about salad and garlic bread..who cares?" well I CARE. Their house salad is goo but is shortly turned from good to great with the addition of their house made buttermilk salad dressing. This is one of those items you will find yourself putting on and dipping everything in sight in...its awesome. And their garlic bread is from another world. If your entree does not come with the garlic bread, order it.Their vodka sauce isthe best vodka sauce I have ever had. I cannot say anymore.For me I went straight to my ususal. Their "Twiced Baked" pizza. Puccinis is the first place I ever saw do this style of pizza and I crave this regularly! It is their dough, topped with the aforementioned buttermilk dressing (in lieu of a tradtional red sauce) then gouda cheese, potatos (yes potatos)and bacon and green onions. basically a twiced baked potato on a pizza. those with fear of carbs beware but it is worth it. And make sure to order a size larger thatn you plan on eating...this pizza is amazing as left overs.They also have a killer beer and wine selection.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,7/1/2014,185,178,,5,6>Gaslight Inn haunted? Well, I haven't witnessed any ghostly apparitions yet but I've certainly seen some scary people at Gaslight. But, that's just part of the charm.Seriously, this place is a new fave of mine. The service has always been friendly and food/drinks are served promptly. And, there's food & drink specials available daily. I think every time I've been in there's a $10 beer bucket special. And, where Gaslight really excels is with their food. So far, I can really vouch for their delicious burgers with ample toppings and their fried catfish is absolutely perfect. But, their signature menu item is the breaded tenderloin which they pound & bread by hand. This is definitely one of the best I've had. And, I was born & raised in Indiana so I've sampled A LOT of breaded tenderloins.Gaslight is a dimly lit dive bar with wobbly tables and flooring that should have been replaced years ago. But, again, I think that is part of the charm about this place. I'm quickly becoming a regular.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/30/2014,78,198,,4,3>Winterfest is a great time. Tons of fantastic beer to try. That can carry you a long way. On top of that I thought it was very well organized. The booths were arranged alphabetically, which was mostly fine. There were two problem areas due to that. Bell's was put back in a corner, which is really not enough room for a brewery with their popularity, and Three Floyds and Sun King were right next to each other, resulting in a huge amount of people right there. As far as things go those were small concerns.Getting in worked really well, they let people inside early and then at start time let them get to it. That helped avoid a terrible line right at start time. Of course you still had to stand out in the rain before then, but hey, what can you do?The main thing keeping this from being a five star experience was the food. As this is at the fairgrounds there was only one option. They tried to make good exciting food, but only succeeded in making bland food expensive. I wish they would have just gone with hot dogs and the like and kept the price down. In that case there's no surprises and you get what you pay for. I got some shaved chicken sandwich and it just wasn't very good. Bland and dry. I know there's nothing the Guild can do about this if they want to hold it at the fairgrounds.All in all, I will be back for winterfest and so much good beer.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,6/29/2014,35,104,3,4,2>Who does not love an egg juggling act followed by eye brow singeing and an onion train going to Mount Fuji?  Shall we wonder why an 8-year old still begs to go to Kazan at every time it is her turn to pick a restaurant?  The true reason may be Shirly Temples and even Sprite served with cocktail umbrellas to young ladies...  My secret hook is hibachi chicken liver available as an appetizer option.Everything is familiar - the slightly tired, but comfy interior and quite a number of hibachi chefs and servers.   This is one of the few hibachi places that actually gives you fillet as advertised (too many time have I watched the same piece of meat going on the grill whether you order steak or fillet.  Yes, there is a difference even when chopped and covered in sauce! )  Fried rice is a bit salty and drenched in soy sauce.  "Deep bench" for sushi and sake selections.  Family friendly and overall happy (nothing brings strangers together like sitting at the same hibachi table listening to each other's kids shriek and make slightly inappropriate comments).
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,6/28/2014,33,68,4,4,2>I attended a private party here that was hosted by a member.  LOVED the space - super modern, cool, comfortable.  Cubicle-type spaces with whiteboards as well as a big open area and a balcony that seemed to have more seating (I didn't get up there).  I spotted a bar, but I don't know if that's going all the time or not.  Seemed to be ample parking in the lot and on the street.I work from home and would love to get a membership here for occasional socialization, but I'm not sure I'm cool enough!  Must get cooler ASAP.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,6/27/2014,68,197,4,5,5>I have serious love for this place.Their Tom Yum Soup is awesome.  Really full of plump shrimp and veggies in a flavorful broth.  Their crab rangoon is some of the best I've had with plenty of sweet, crabby filling.  The sweet chili dipping sauce is great.  Their sushi rolls are so creative!  The fish is fresh and all of the sauces are interesting and complimentary.  I wish there was one closer to home, but I'll make that drive to Greenwood as often as I can.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,6/26/2014,11,100,,6,4>A pleasant surprise! I went specifically for the food trucks that they had outside. No need to lie. It was cold out so after we ordered our food we went inside. Once we were inside the waitress let us know she would be with us soon. After finishing her tasks she came over to take our order. I asked her about the different variations of beer they had, & she asked me what I normally drank. She informed me that she'd bring whatever I want so that I can sample it. I sampled a few, but didn't really find one that I couldn't live with out. The waitress brought the little one at the table a sample of root beer which I thought was cute & very sweet. The root beer was FLIPPING great...like root beer stand quality. LIKE BRING YOUR OWN ICE CREAM & MAKE A FLOAT GOOD!!!!!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,6/25/2014,111,194,2,8,4>The Atheneum Y is my kind of gym.First off, I like a gym that doesn't feel like a gym.  It makes me feel like a human and not a cog in some elaborate fitness dictatorship.  It's in a gorgeous old building with tons of natural light.  It feels good to be there.The staff is friendly, there's a nice community vibe.There are lots of cardio machines, a downstairs weight room, and upstairs there are a few fitness rooms where classes are offered.  Most classes are free but some series are paid.  (I've taken yoga, pilates, and TRX).  I like that it draws a diverse group of people: hardcore weight-lifters, moms, older people, young professionals.And this is HUGE: they have free, high quality childcare with a wonderful staff.  You can leave your child for up to 2 hours as long as you stay in the building (otherwise it's $5 an hour, still totally reasonable).
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,6/24/2014,111,37,3,6,4>Hands down the best frozen yogurt in town (or Fro-Gurt for you Simpson's fans). The fact that everything is organic makes it even better. Plus they always have a couple of delicious vegan offerings available (coconut milk fro-gurt - yessss!)Try a couple of samples before you self-serve your creation - I usually mix two together for a unique flavor combination. The pomegranate berry is an all time favorite but I've loved every flavor I've tried here.They have lots of toppings and sauces but honestly, I've never felt the need for them, the yogurt stands out so well on its own, why add anything else?This place is a must try, you'll become a regular for sure. We try to stop by for dessert after dining anywhere in Fountain Square. Indulge!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,6/23/2014,60,619,,7,2>Wow, definitely one of Indianapolis' best!  The setting in a strip shopping center is less than ideal, but once inside, the decor is intimate and lovely.  Small bar with an excellent bartender (great drinks).  Good wine list and knowledgable, professional staff.And the food.  Chef Ryan Nelson came from the Oceanaire Seafood Room, and his potatoes Minneapolis is a far superior variation on their hash brown pancake.  The shaved Brussels sprouts salad is amazing.  The pork belly, quail, crabcake . . . everything is beautifully prepared and delicious.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,6/22/2014,26,35,,5,3>Delicious food that won't make you feel guilty afterwards. The food is good, healthy and fills you up. We brought our friends and their daughter from out of town here and they loved the food. I always get nervous picking places to eat  for people because I'm afraid they won't like it, but they were extremely pleased with this place. If you're looking for good., local food at a great price, stop at Pure Eatery!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,6/21/2014,27,107,,8,2>Finally, real and delicious coffee in Indianapolis!What a great experience.  It's very refreshing to finally see great coffee in Indy, especially a local shop that knows what coffee is supposed to be.  This place is the epitome of what local means.  Tin Comet is a little shop tucked away in an old building on the up and coming 10th/Woodruff area.  The furniture is old and used, the walls are covered with local art for sale, and old vinyls play in the background.  There are also business cards of local, neighborhood joints and fundraising mugs for the nearby Rivoli Theatre.    All the signs are there for a great coffee shop experience: locally-minded, in touch with the community, old records and books.  Now, the coffee.  If you think a venti dolce latte constitutes as real coffee, this place is not for you.  Tin Comet serves coffee and espresso the correct way, taking time to make each one and making sure it's up to snuff before handing it to the customer.  There are great espresso choices such as the latte, macchiato, and the delicious con panna (espresso served with a dollop of real whipped cream on top).  I saw that there was also French press coffee available.  French press is the only true way to enjoy a cup of coffee.  If you are looking for a great cup of coffee or looking to savor an espresso, give this place a shot.  Once you are tired of mass-marketed, bland coffee and corporate, money-grubbing monstrosities, you'll drop it.  When that happens head on down to Tin Comet and experience what a coffee shop should be.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,6/20/2014,54,212,,6,4>Free valet parking in the rain is a nice touch to start the evening! We were quickly greeted by the hostess who offered to hang up our coats and then seated. We were brought two types of water, regular and Divvy, which was flavored with cucumber and lemon-very refreshing. The menu is a bit intimidating, but our server, Kermit, was superb at explaining everything and making suggestions. We tried so many good things! The calamari was a stand out, very fresh and lightly breaded. The apple brie salad with the champagne mustard dressing was a flavor explosion in my mouth. The potato hash was salty and comforting. The corn brulee was hot, hot, hot and I loved it. There were so many things that I didn't get to try so I will definitely be back and will be sure to order another Chocolate nut! The pistachio liqueur is what caught my eye, but it is mixed with a white port. A WHITE PORT!! People, this is a rarity and Kermit even brought me a sample to try on its own and it was amazing. I have to say, Kermit definitely made this dining experience better for me. I would hope to get him as our server again the next time we go. I might even request him!!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,6/19/2014,35,98,,5,4>I've been to Piper's many times over many years and never been disappointed. I don't go often, perhaps once/year, and every time I'm there I think I should go more often.The main thing to know is Piper's is a chef owned restaurant with everything scratch made. Legit!Let me set the scene for the meal - Valentine's Dinner - just before I am to leave the country for three weeks - this has to be great. We decide to order from their Valentine's Special Menu with a bottle of wine and dessert. We strategically skipped the appetizer to save room for dessert. The wine we ordered was a California blend of chardonnay with some sweeter varieties to take the edge off.  The waitress said this is chef's favorite. Opened with the house salad - a nice simple salad - and Piper's famous teacup bread. Piper's teacup bread alone is worth a visit. It's that good - served with a cinnamon butter - yum!We ordered the Roast Tenderloin for two and it was quite a presentation on a huge platter. A large piece of tenderloin, perfectly cooked with fingerling potatoes, green beans, carrots, mushrooms served with two sauces on the side - bearnaise and a wine reduction with mushrooms. This presentation allowed me to carve the beef and serve my wife, which was nice! I opted to carve into four pieces. We split the potatoes, I got most of the carrots, she got most of the beans, and I got the mushrooms - all according to our preferences. I killed the mushroom sauce with my steak. My wife tried the bearnaise and opted for no sauce. The potatoes were garlicky and delicious. The other veggies were all well prepared - every side was a distinct and intentional recipe - and it was all wonderful.The dessert was chocolate cake - a huge piece that could be shared by more than two people, but we killed it. It's a nice chocolate cake with a rich icing served with a pop of whipped cream and strawberries. Chef Will reportedly makes this cake when he's in trouble with his wife!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,6/18/2014,24,56,,6,5>I'll be honest - I've only been to this place once not on a Sunday. I am a big sushi fan, and Forty Five Degrees gets it right, but knowing that I can get everything I want half off on Sundays means there is no reason to go any other day of the week!If you do happen to check it out on a Sunday, expect a wait. We try to head over late afternoon and squeeze in at a spot at the bar, but if it's a nice day (hard to come by lately) or there is some sort of event downtown, expect to wait at least 30 minutes. The wait is well worth it, though. Once you're seated, the sushi is half off and delicious. I agree with others on here who have mentioned the Mount Fuji Roll - it is pure fried bliss!Of course, since it's half off, you can't take any leftovers, so order wisely! We always end up with a few extra rolls, but since it's half the price, it's worth it!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,6/17/2014,7,65,,6,4>I am generally skeptical about going out to dinner on New Years's Eve. It seems that service is often rushed, prices are inflated, and my favorite dishes are not always available. Despite those concerns we decided to go to Harry and Izzy's because we really needed to get out of the house. Glad we did. We had a great meal. Had to start with the St. Elmo's shrimp cocktail, of course. It was particularly spicy this night, which was what I wanted. My wife ordered twin lobster tails that she graciously shared with me. They were perfectly prepared and nicely sized. I went for the filet mignon and was very pleased. We were given a great table and got great service. Given the night we were very happy with the whole experience.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,6/16/2014,66,163,,13,3>I'm really excited about a fresh seafood market being 10 minutes from me!  I just heard of them opening up in December, but found out that they have quite a history of fishmongers in Indianapolis and are back in full force.  The 4 stars are only because this was my first visit.  They have an eat in area that they serve all their seafood delights and plenty of sides to choose from.  Along with their frozen & fresh seafood, they have dips and items like smoked salmon etc.  I was doing my grocery shopping today and decided to stop in and check them out.  I arrived about dinner time and knew I would be eating alone (hubster had a blues gig) so I decided to order a shrimp dinner.  It was incredible with lots of shrimp, spicy waffle fries, 2 hush puppies, and my choice of sides which was okra.  The shrimp were a good size and very tender with a crispy coating.  All else with the dinner was very good also.  I had to bring a little home!I came in intending to buy a large thick meaty fish for a certain recipe, but when I saw the local Indiana Yellow Lake Perch, I changed my mind.  Hubster loves fresh perch, so that's what's for the game tomorrow.  --can't wait.The service was good and there were plenty of people to help and answer questions.I know this will be one of my frequent stops in the future.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,6/15/2014,167,54,,6,6>A beautiful and serene place...As a young girl I was consistently praying Hail Mary's for talking, laughing, running, not wearing my uniform, or generally just being myself. These days, there's something to be said about calling on the saints by choice and not so much punishment. I attend missionary baptist fairly non-denominational service. Often, stepping into St. Mary's calms me back to my roots. The doors are creaky, the Holy water is warm, the pews are hard- and you appreciate all those things. I light candles here, as anyone can, and usually you have to bring your own when you go. In the summer their skylight is absolutely breathtaking. Jesus Himself is illuminated by the settling sun, and the stained glass adds small bursts of color along the walls. The architecture is amazing as they manage to keep it well maintained and still look original. There are many churches that have almost completely modern interior down to the altar. The offices are multilingual and eager to assist you with information about events and services. The one thing I would hope they work on is a set time for locking up at night. It's usually between 6:30-7:30pm.Beautiful historic place to go to, even if you aren't in prayer :)
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,6/14/2014,129,314,2,9,3>I can dig it. Not my fav hole in the wall Mexican joint but very good. I had the burrito de lengua (tongue/ which are hard to come by!) and it was delicious, my friend had the steak with rice and beans. Food was fresh and hot, the salsas are spicy and homemade, the horchata was yummy. I recommend for lunch.Food: 4/5Service: 4/5 - the guy behind the counter was very kind and spoke English Location: 2/5 - total recycled fast food place, nothing special
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,6/13/2014,73,176,,5,5>How did I possibly not find out about this place until 4 years after I moved to Indy?! I love getting down to Mass Ave and making my way from bar to bar, but it seems that the trend just about everywhere is more upscale places with loud music, crowded bars, and the requirement to go out of your way in order to get a drink. Some nights, however, I just want to find a quieter place that I can sit down with some regulars and enjoy good beers, good service, and a laid back atmosphere without having to go exploring through the neighborhoods around Mass Ave. In only my first few visits here, I am happy to say I think I found the place to go for that experience right on the main drag.It isn't the largest place, but there are plenty of tables along with bar seating, and I have yet to have any difficulty finding a place to sit, including a trip there on a Friday night with 6 people. They went the typical pub route when it comes to decorating with some sports memorabilia and beer promotional pieces adorning most of the brick walls. They have enough TVs that you shouldn't have a hard time finding a good view of the game from anywhere in the place. If you are interested in getting involved in some competition of you own instead of just watching it on TV, they have Golden Tee and also host a trivia night, although when I was there with one other person on my team they allowed a team of 13 people to play, so it kind of made that a one sided battle that took away from the fun of trying to actually win something.The beer list is extensive enough to compete with most places on Mass Ave, and offers local brews as well as some obscure craft varieties from around the US. Their list seems to change on a pretty regular basis based on the new items I have found make the menu between visits. They also have a daily beer flight available if you are in the mood to try a few different things. The food menu includes your basic appetizers, salads, burgers, and sandwiches. I got a mushroom and swiss burger and it was cooked as requested and was delicious. They also have pizza on the menu, but I have yet to see one of those come out from the kitchen. The service that I have had on my visits has been great. I actually had to ask the person I was with on one occasion if they saw anybody else working because we got great service from what seemed like should have been an understaffed crew. The people working have always been very attentive and friendly, even to new faces in a place that obviously draws quite a few regulars. I'm sure it would be very difficult to keep up with the always rotating selection of beers available, but our server wasn't able to give a description for a lot of the choices when I asked about some of the ones I had never heard of. Food prices are what you would expect at $6-$7 for a sandwich or burger and chips. The beer price is about the same as the majority of places around it, but does have some offerings I haven't found other places. All in all, a place with a friendly and casual atmosphere with great service where you can grab a seat and get pub food and good beers while enjoying the game.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,6/12/2014,9,77,5,4,5>Dear 8 pound 6 ounce newborn baby Jesus ! Why did it take me so long to come here?Admittedly, a bit more of a beer drinker... But man, this place is incredible. And many things make it that way. The employees / glorious and generous people giving me delicious mead are incredibly helpful. But not only helpful, informative, pleasant, and not just "to business." Don't get me wrong, I like someone who knows their shit but I don't want them to read me a card in a monotone voice like its Ben stein. I appreciate the passion and personality of the folks here, as well as the personality of the building. Neat artwork! Pleasant seats, nice layout... I'll be back soon, I'm sure. Wait, what are the hours today?
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,6/11/2014,89,180,,6,3>Ah Irish fest. Loads of cliche Irish food, music, drink, and goods. But Jason, you dolt, you called this cliche but gave it 4 stars. It's true that Irish fest is very american-ized and nothing like Ireland at all, but it's still a good time. The music and shows are typically entertaining. The food is interesting because there's actually very little Irish style food. Where are the boxties, people?? There are BBQ stands and some foods in the style of Irish such as chips, but it all feels a lot like some of the vendors are saying "sure, Irish folks love cheeseburgers...um, please just don't go there to verify"The beer selection is pretty typical. Guiness, Smithwicks, Harp. Your three staple Irish beers. Most of the rest of the fest is vendors selling kilts, quirky snack foods from Ireland, jewelry, Irish themed crafts, and 'heritage' stands. If you're looking to get a nice wool Irish sweater without the plane ride to Ireland, this is a good place to get it. The stands all kind of run together after a while as everyone seems to sell basically the same things.Jason, you say, I'm still not understanding why you gave this 4 stars.It's all about expectations. If you're coming to this thinking it will supplement an actual trip to Ireland, you're very wrong. If you're coming to this looking for a fairly inexpensive day out in the sun enjoying good music and decent beer, then this is it.There is nothing wrong with sitting in the shade of a tree, drinking a guiness, listening to Irish style music. And on the subject of inexpensive, If you come before 11:00am on Sunday with canned goods, you get in for free.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,6/10/2014,56,252,4,4,2>"So, where am I exactly?"  This was my thought when I first encountered Rick's Boatyard Cafe.  As I pulled into the parking lot, I could have sworn I was either at a country club or at a Gulf Coast plantation. As I walked through the front door, I knew where I was: Nantucket.  However, I changed my mind when I saw the outdoor bar.  "No, I must be in Florida," I thought.  Reality bit when I realized that I was still in Indianapolis, and the water at which I was looking wasn't an Atlantic lagoon: it was Eagle Creek Reservoir.  Since I wasn't on the Atlantic, the prices were fairly reasonable, and I didn't see bluegill or bass on the menu, I really wondered how fresh the seafood would taste.To my surprise and pleasure, the food at Rick's was excellent.   The menu is large, and they have offerings that can satisfy any pallet. We started with the Tempura Fried Calamari, which was amazing, although I think it should have been a larger portion.  For my entree, after much deliberation, I chose the Louisiana Blackened Catfish Filets with steak fries.  I was impressed.  The fish was fresh and high quality.  However, after stealing some of my brother's Linguine Roma, I realized that I should have made the unhealthier choice.  My father, a connoisseur of black bean soup, was not entirely impressed with Rick's Boatyard Cafe's version.  Although I didn't try it, the soup appeared to be a cup of black re-fried beans.The service at Rick's Boatyard Cafe was excellent.  We made a reservation and were promptly seated.  Although the restaurant was phenomenally busy, our server was Joanna-on-the-spot with drink refills.  She was also friendly, very knowledgeable about the menu, and catered to my many needs.Bottom Line: Try the Tempura Fried Calamari, the Louisiana Blackened Catfish, and the Linguini Roma.  Skip the black bean soup. Visit Rick's Boatyard Cafe.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,6/9/2014,17,67,,4,1>This place is a gem - you can't beat the upstairs deli with gelato. You must try a sandwich - it's what their known for. I recommend the batali for some Italian goodness in your mouth :-)The downstairs bar sells beer and wine by the glass or quartino (2 glasses) or you can buy any of their bottles that they will serve for just a $5 corkage fee. While this may seem like the more expensive option, it's usually not since they sell their bottles at such a great price. You can grab a great tasting red for around $10-15 and it'll taste like a $20+ bottle. They specialize in small plates, cheese, and charcuterie. Can't go wrong with a bottle of red and charcuterie!!  Enjoy whatever you'd like on one of their gorgeous tables and benches.  Two things I noticed that somewhat surprised me: no kids in the basement and they close relatively early (6 PM on Sat?). I'm looking forward to my next visit without baby in tow!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,6/8/2014,24,75,,7,4>I am not a tea drinker. Give me a hot cup of coffee, even bad coffee over tea any day. But the sneaky staff of Tulip Noir was ready for coffee lovers like me and seated my friend and I with a sample of some kind of walnut tea. Some kind of witchcraft-made walnut tea. For the first time in my life, I perused the (incredibly extensive) tea list. (TEA. LIST.) I ordered a green tea with bergamot and it was amazing. Seriously, if you are a tea drinker, don't miss this spot.My friend ordered the Crazy Toast for both of us, and I piously decided to eat one piece to be nice. No. I dutifully ate my half of the order. It was simple but completely delicious.We both went with the Wicked Winter Omelet. I've said it before and I'll say it again - I don't care how fancy your menu options are, if you can't cook a vegetable, I hate your restaurant. Tulip Noir presented a perfectly beautiful omelet and all the veggies were beautifully prepared. The decor is simple and fresh, our waitress was attentive and helpful, and the noise level was very acceptable for the small pace. Tulip Noir is my new "breakfast with a friend" favorite.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,6/7/2014,164,127,3,2,2>Dreyer and Reinbold BMW - Service Department.BMW drivers have notoriously been deemed the level of douche that only a few other brands can try to atest to; but when you drive the ultimate driving machine, you'll have this uncanny. lasting experience that you expect everywhere. (Not referring to 328i or 325i - which literally is a corolla) So, BMW drivers are not the nicest to deal with, they literally expect the sky to fall down and bow down to them, only because of their extremely high and unreasonable expectations mostly caused by their cars. When I purchased my car, I took it to D&R-BMW and I wasn't too happy with the service, so much that I wrote BMW - headquarters themselves complaining about the lack of attention and detail. It was however, when I noticed the most trivial occurrence (a flicking needle) that they really pulled through for me. They diagnosed my car until we found that I had to change my transmission. Annoyed that a less that 50K miles car needed a new tranny, I'm glad that I had them on my side. They explained every thing in the detail I wanted, worked with the warranty company and worked with getting their insane prices down because as good as they are, they are still a stealership. And just like that, I became a B&R BMW lifer; their service was unparalleled and met my unrealistic expectations. Props for having courtesy vehicles always available when needed.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,6/6/2014,136,45,,5,3>Is it truly 5 star? I don't know about you, but for me its mostly about the food, and partly about the tradition and buzz. I've eaten at the Workingman's Friend probably 100 times, but two weeks ago, took my friend Steve for his rookie visit. I tried not to raise that bar too high, but what can I say, its one of my favorites! The crispy-edged burgers, hot french fries and cold Coke beckon me back every time. On our way out, we passed the Governor on his way in and confirmed that he wasn't there to cut any deals with local legislators, he was there to EAT!Steve must have liked it too. He went back the very next day and took his boss for lunch. Now who's the rookie?
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,6/5/2014,62,50,,4,2>A good place for your 'last supper'. You know what I mean, frequent flyers... that last meal before you embark on a journey of unknown culinary options. At least you can remember back to a fresh wedge salad and juicy prime rib sandwich while you shovel stale french fries from a Burger King at JFK in your mouth. So what makes Harry and Izzy's your last real meal? Meat. Tasty, tasty meat. It's consistent in quality and not too overly priced that someone in accounting will bark about your expense report. The service is always great. Favorites of mine are the garbage salad and the prime rib sandwich. I know most people really like the shrimp cocktail but for myself the sauce is too much of a punch in the sinuses. Maybe one day they will make a sauce with less horseradish?? Fingers crossed! Thanks HI for always sending me off from IND with a happy tummy!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,6/4/2014,35,80,,4,2>How do they make such a simple dish into a scrumptious dish? When I make a turkey sandwich at home, it just isn't the same. And this is why I will be returning to Patachou! I just can't make it at home.If you are looking for a typical breakfast like an omelet or a BLT, they have it mastered here. On one hand I wish the menu was a bit longer and a bit more exciting but on the other hand Patachou's sister restaurants have that covered. I recommend carry out- this place gets packed!! I could barely make my way to the counter to pick up my food on Sunday late morning.  But I made it up there, placed my order and was outta there in 10 minutes. Smiled and waved goodbye to all the hungry people waiting for a table!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,6/3/2014,47,38,2,5,2>I checked out Sushi Club after reading about it here on Yelp and the reviews are right on. This isn't a fancy high dining restaurant. The floors are sticky and there isn't much of a decor, but the food's great so what else matters.I've gone for the all you can eat sushi for $20. Delicious. My boyfriend and I ate plenty and left totally stuffed and satisfied. Usually all you can eat style sushi has limited options or poor quality options. Not at Sushi Club. The all you can eat sushi is made to order, taste fresh, and looks beautiful.I also love coming to Sushi Club for lunch. I always get the 2 or 3 roll lunch special which includes salad and soup. Perfect amount for lunch at a great price point of either $8 or $10. Sushi Club is my favorite place to get sushi in Indianapolis for the quality and value. I just can't give it the full 5 stars because all the other sushi restaurants in town offer a dining experience Sushi Club can't match.^^^^^^^^^^^ yea.... So I went a head and changed my review from 4 to 5 stars because I come damn much lol. That alone shows how much I love this place.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,6/2/2014,9,51,,4,4>An AWESOME under the radar spot with an old-school atmosphere. Loved the piano playing a huge range of classics and newer songs to accompany a great heart-clogging meal. Shared a few entrees and combinations with a group - all were delicious. As mentioned in every other review the Hot Pot Pig is a must. Also tried the grilled bbq chicken and beef tenderloin skewers. Looking at the menu the prices were a little higher than I expected, then you realize how much food you get with each entree (mine included two sides and dessert). All in all, a great spot to try for anyone that hasn't - I don't think there's any way you'd go for a first time and not come back. Family-owned with a great vibe and service with excellent homestyle food like your mom or grandma made at their best.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,6/1/2014,26,52,3,3,3>Brugge, I know it's a little late, but will you be my valentine?Seriously. You have everything to offer. A classy yet cozy atmosphere. Knowledgeable waitstaff. I can bring you home to Mom & Dad and then some - my family loves you, my friends love you, people at my church love you. I see kids eating your Nutella crepes and it warms my heart (side note: those Nutella crepes are fabulous for adults, too).Then there's your menu. Delicious beers. Crispy fries with a wide variety of dipping sauces - I have yet to taste one I don't like, but my favorite is the sweet chili. I first tasted sweet chili while studying abroad in England, and I'm so happy that I can get it close to home! The Brussels sprout crepe - Brugge, if you're already taken for this year (I would understand why), could I at least have your Brussels sprout crepe? Whoever thought up that taste combination (roasted sprouts with goat cheese, fried capers, balsamic, and chili oil) deserves an award, and a big hug. I thought I would never be able to stray from the crepes, but I tried a friend's mussels during dinner last weekend, and they were so good that I might have to get them for myself next time.Thanks for being my favorite restaurant in Indianapolis. I hope we can see each other again soon!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,5/31/2014,36,182,2,10,3>Just like their Carmel location, great burgers, friendly staff, and great service. Matt has done a great job with his business! I am a 2 time champion of the Big Ugly Challenge.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,5/30/2014,29,199,,3,4>There's a little bbit of everything in this place.  From incense, candles, smoking accessories, clothes and soaps they have it all.  The staff were all friendly and helpful.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,5/29/2014,54,117,,6,3>For $25, this was an absolutely amazing massage. Honestly, for $75, it would have been an amazing massage. Friends and I made an appointment for four on Saturday am at 11. Two of us were running late. They very politely asked if it was okay to get the two of us started, as they had two noon appointments, and postponing us would run into those appointments. We of course said yes ( I assumed they would cut us short however much time our party was late-but they did not). Very cool. Full disclosure: I have diagnosed hearing issues(have had since birth-can read lips well), so I have problems with accents(sometimes I have enough trouble with English). I honestly had trouble understanding what my masseur was trying to tell me to do (take my necklace off-or take my shirt off??). Luckily,  I have friends who are aware of this and help me out. This is my difficulty, and may not apply to the standard public. :) They used lightly scented lotion, which was actually delightful! It had a rose-y scent to it, but not overly so. This is not a naked massage. The $25 is a reflexology massage; I cannot speak to the other massages. :)We were all so happy with the value of what we paid for. We also received "Buy 10 get one free" cards. We all plan to return. I don't know how this place doesn't have a line out the door.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,5/28/2014,24,88,2,5,4>Yes yes yes! Oh wait this is a review and not something else! ;) I checked this place out 2 weeks ago and have been there 3 more times since then!  I was a Pho newbie and dove straight into it with the Pho with sliced beef.  Also got their amazing spring rolls and tried the crab Rangoon.  Hands down best crab Rangoon I've ever had! It's butter and flakey and definitely tastes freshly made and not frozen.  They have Boba Tea which I plan to try next time.  I went there yesterday feeling a little under the weather and a big warm bowl of Pho with fresh veggies was just what I needed.  It's comforting yet refreshing and I'm officially obsessed.  I love that this new place is here in Westfield and hope it stays busy and around permanently!  I think it will be a staple with the new downtown concepts!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,5/27/2014,150,96,6,8,4>Oh papa, you have stepped it up on dos meats.  Woooo weeee.  In the past their chicken, beef and pork were shredded.  Last time I was there, it was deliciously sliced and the flava was outrageous.  The side were the regular delicious variety of creole, etouffee, bread pudding, red beans, etc.  Papa Roux is the truth and the only thing I miss is the Louisiana hot sauce on the table.  They made up their own and as much as I respect that, it just isn't Louisiana hot sauce.  But I aint made at ya.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,5/26/2014,100,362,,6,4>My husband and I try to buy gifts from local businesses in Indy whenever possible. His parents are both coffee junkies -- I mean, they are nearly 30 years older than me and can suck down more caffeine in a day than I do in a week -- and I heard about Mile Square. I placed an order and totally spaced that I had to pick it up on a Saturday. They called me and when I explained I was stuck at home, waiting on someone to check on our cable service, they offered to mail it to me at no additional charge. Wow. Then, the snow came, and we weren't able to go south for Christmas -- why let good coffee go to waste? AH-MAY-ZING. It was really, really good. We will definitely be purchasing more whenever we re-attempt "Christmas" with the in-laws, and I'll make a reminder on my calendar this time to pick it up!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/25/2014,20,66,8,10,6>Great massages for very reasonable prices. Tulip is similar to other "Chinese massage" places in the city. If you haven't been to one before, here's the run down:It's a communal (i.e. clothes stay on) setting where there are maybe 6 beds in a large room, with low lights and soothing music. You'll lie on your back, roll up your pant legs, and dip your tooties into a hot foot bath. They'll drape a sheet over you and massage your head, arms, and neck. Next, they'll give your now-toasty feet a good beat down, complete with lotion and hot towels. Then, you'll flip over for the back, leg, and butt rubs. I imagine you could decline the tushie rub if you're squeamish, but don't knock it 'til you try it. They do offer oil massages, which are done in private rooms like a traditional nekkid massage, but I've never tried one here.A few tips -- because you're being massaged over clothes, I imagine it'd be uncomfortable to wear jeans. I opt for leggings. Also remove your watches and jewelry or the stack of hair ties you keep on your wrist. They just get in the way. No appointment necessary, so just wander in. And most importantly, PLEASE airplane-mode your phone. No one wants to hear your iPhone buzzing away while we're trying to maximize our zen. Seriously, for the price, you can't beat this place. The communal room seems sorta creepy when I explain it to people, but it's not at all. Everyone I've encountered is very professional and happy to beat the shit out of your back.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,5/24/2014,38,223,,4,4>I can't believe I've yet to write a review for Homespun.  If you love the INDIEana Handicraft Exchange, you will also love Homespun.  This isn't your grandma's gift shop.  It's full of creative, quirky, and fun handmade items, many with an Indiana twist.  There is truly something for everyone here.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/23/2014,146,298,2,6,4>First of all... WOW!It has been a long time since I walked into a bar and everyone working was so cheery and happy to be there.  And if they weren't, they are sure good at faking it! They have a great selections of beers on tap and so many good menu choices it was hard for me to decide!  After putting in our drink order, we decided on the portobello fries as a appitizer.  It came out promptly accompanied by a delicious, creamy horseradish sauce (I recommend ordering an extra.)The stuffed burgers are well worth the wait!  The menu says it takes about 30 mins for them to cook.  The two we tried were The Deutchland and The Hella Bella.The Deutchland was a pork burger stuffed with all the fixings of a reuben.  I didn't try it, but was told it was fantastic.I ordered The Hella Bella, and granted, it was a calorie overload, it was extremely tasty.  Two portabello caps stuffed with cheese, deep fried, and topped with the same horseradish sauce as mentioned earlier.  Easily the best "bad for you" portobello burger I've had.  We each got our meals with a side of the baked mac n cheese.  OH MY!!!!  They added bread crumbs to the top and baked it off, some of the tastiest mac n cheese I've tried so far.Easy to say, I will return soon!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,5/22/2014,52,67,,7,3>An online deal brought me here the first time, the tasty food and fast service brought me back for a second and third visit!G.T. South's is a no frills barbecue joint in a strip mall in an odd part of town. The food is good, the prices are decent, and the service is fast.  Park your butt in a booth or a table and prepare to be greeted soon after being seated. Pick your meat (I'd recommend the smoked chicken or the beef brisket) and sides (I'd recommend the mac n cheese and mashed potatoes -- I know -- carb overload!) and you'll have it in front of you within minutes along with a complimentary corn muffin. The service has been consistently quick and cordial. Overall, its a good place to get a good meal!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,5/21/2014,30,79,,5,4>I went to La Parada for the first time last night with my boyfriend for our anniversary. Apparently it has moved up from "Hole in the Wall" status, and while it's still a casual place (we had fun overdressing), it was cheery, clean, and comfortable. Their liquor license hasn't processed yet, so instead of our usual margaritas we got Coke and horchata. Omg, the horchata was mind-blowingly delicious! We also loved the salsa, chips and choriqueso. Our main dishes were good too - I would have liked a little more flavor but they were solid. Between the meal, the company, friendly service, and trying to decipher what was going on on Univision on TV, overall we had a great time!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/20/2014,61,83,,8,3>A few nights ago, I noticed a small leak in my tire. Not wanting to pay for a brand new tire if I didn't have to, I opted to wait until morning and visit a local tire shop to possibly get a plug or patch. I initially went to East Side Tire on Washington & Sherman, but they weren't open, so I stopped at Tire & Wheel Service.These guys were great! As soon as I arrived, I was able to pull up for my car to be serviced. The man tending to my tire pointed out that the two golf ball-sized knots on my tire meant it was going to blow at any moment, so he changed it. $34 (including $2 for them to dispose of the tire) and 15 minutes later and I was on my way to work. And they take credit card, which East Side Tire doesn't.I'll be back for my quick fix and used tire needs for sure.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2014,5/19/2014,24,53,,7,3>It's a pub. The fireplace is nice, the pool tables are nice and the beer and liquor selection is nothing out of the ordinary, but completely adequate. The food is not that great. We ordered soft pretzels and they were deep fried (or at least they tasted like it) and the bbq chicken pizza was not good. The chicken tasted like someone opened a can of chicken, sprinkled it with oregano and then let it sit out for half the day. All that said, it's a fine place to hang out and have a beer. The music and/or sports isn't so loud that you can't talk and there are plenty of TV's to watch the Hoosiers play.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,5/18/2014,99,63,,6,4>I seriously love the food at this restaurant. After dining here a few times, it seems it is consistent, original and just a great atmosphere.The service is top-notch. Every wait person I've had has been fabulous. Food on time, drinks filled timely and all-around niceness.Only one issue recently with the hostess, who may have been nice on another day, but was absolutely horrid while we were waiting. WE were told the wait was 20-25 minutes and waited for over an hour without anyone even checking on us or apologizing, watching two-tops who were there after us be seated while our 4-person group still waited. Hello. push a few tables together. Also, don't be angry when we express concern because we have yet to be seated. OTHERWISE - Diamond margs rule and the food is fantastic.Prices are middle to high depending on your entree. I'll def go back, just hope their is a different hostess! :)
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/17/2014,15,115,2,8,4>I've lived in Greenwood for almost a decade and I'd never been to Roscoe's Tacos. It's a shame really, because the tacos here are really tasty. I tried the chicken and the beef and both were really good, but the chicken was my favorite. I didn't even realize they had sauce you are supposed to put on them until I'd inhaled them. Maybe next time I'll give that a try. The focus isn't on fancy ingredients or spices, it's just good, fresh food. It's in need of a facelift on the inside, the walls need paint and the booths have seen better days. But secretly, I kind of dig it. They don't need to worry about the atmosphere, the food is just that good and the staff is really friendly. Everyone knows the best food comes from little hole-in-the-wall dives, just like this.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/16/2014,25,48,3,4,4>For a basketball arena, Bankers Life is as good as it gets. The concourses are spacious, the bathrooms don't stink, the seats are in good condition, there aren't any obstructed views, crowds move quickly, parking is close, and the jumbotron...damn.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,5/15/2014,57,87,,7,5>Fresh Artistry is an amazing concept based on the idea of Blue Apron. They have single or double portion meal options, as well as a variety of dishes to choose from. You go online and select the meals that you want, and within days they are delivered to your doorstep. The entire meal, all ingredients, are measured out perfectly and all you have to do is follow the details instructions (complete with photos for those of us who are visual learners!)I signed up for the free trial that gives you one free meal, and was so excited to get home from work a few days ago to see it on my doorstep. I opened the box in a true Christmas morning fashion. In the box was perfectly proportioned out ingredients to make Lemon Chicken Piccata with Garlic Spinach Linguine. I decided tonight was the night for me to see what this whole box was about... and what happened afterwards was true magic. I felt like I was the host of my very own cooking show. And this is coming from someone who isn't the most talented in the kitchen. The meal perfectly came together in about 30 minutes, and everything about the meal seemed like it was straight from a restaurant. The presentation was beautiful, and it tasted even better than it looked.After the free trial, a single portion meal is $8/each... and well worth every penny. I recommend EVERYONE try them out. Not to mention how epic it was to channel my inner Emeril Lagasse, complete with a BAM! every now and then :)
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,5/14/2014,167,357,3,12,8>Pros: Very friendly and professional service, great $20 lunch menu, BEST PRIME RIB SANDWICH IN TOWNCons: a bit pricey, but it's worth it in my opinion!I've been to the downtown location a few times, but since this one is closer to mi casa I have popped in here for a weekend lunch a few times.  I am always seated quickly, and my preference is the tall tables in the bar.  Immediately our friendly waitress brings us waters and a wine list.  Love it.  Tons of great by the glass options.  I went with their moscato, and loved every sip.  They have a full bar with tons of wine and hard liquor options, but I'd say that the draught beer selection was limited.  Really heavy on the IPAs if that's your thing though.Their $20 lunch is a great way to have the H&I experience without breaking the bank.  You can choose two options from a list of 2 apps (including their shrimp cocktail), 2 salads and 2 desserts.  On top of that you get either two sliders or half a prime rib sandwich.  You can't beat it for 20 bucks!  I went with the prime rib sandwich, because I had heard it was the best in town from some fellow yelpers.  It is the truth! The bread was perfect (crusty and flaky without being too crunchy), the meat was so tender and the au jus was salty and perfect.  I'd say this ties with the pork tenderloin from The Aristocrat in SoBro for best sandwich in Indy.All in all: lunch for 2 with three drinks between us came to about $70.  Pricey for lunch, yes.  However, the food and drinks were excellent and the service was 5 stars.  I'll be back next time my wallet feels a little heavy and my stomach is rumbling for some of that prime rib!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,5/13/2014,25,134,4,9,9>I ordered carryout, choosing the San Diego, after agonizing over what to try out for my first WB purchase. The San Diego sounded perfect, and came with all the veggies I would have normally picked out myself (portabellas, jalapenos, green olives, artichokes & onions). The pizza was ready at the time quoted, and the service was wonderfully nice and enthusiastic. The dine-in area was tastefully decorated and you can tell the owners put a lot of care and thought into prepping the new location's interior.I had an extremely difficult time in not picking at the toppings on the way home, but gave up all willpower once parked in my driveway, where I ate a couple slices with my engine running.  The pizza was outstanding, the best I've tried since moving to Indy.  The crust had that chewy wood-oven-type taste, but didn't fall prey to the inconsistent soggy or burnt problems that Napolese (my 2nd favorite place) can sometimes produce.  You could tell a difference in the quality of veggies and cheese, and the sauce tasted fresh and bright, not too many herbs and not too ketchup-like.  The high quality ingredients did mean a higher price than what I was used to, but I was much more satisfied with WB than other pizza places (....and I typically don't get so engrossed in other places' pizzas that I can't leave my car). I pretty much finished the San Diego over the course of the evening...yep.  I highly recommend the San Diego and look forward to trying out some other specialty options, like the ricotta & sausage and vegan pizzas.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,5/12/2014,295,229,7,6,5>Venturing to Irvington is not something I do often. However, I've seen photos of this pizza before and it was something I needed to try.The dining room at Jockamo is very large, not something that is expected from the outside/neighborhood since the Irv is quite quaint. We were seated quickly, and the beer list was impressive. Started out with a salad and the spinach artichoke bread, both of which were totally great. We enjoyed the Greek pizza a little too much. The crust was thin and crispy and it was loaded with fresh toppings. The most important part of Jockamo Pizza is to get some creamy garlic dressing to put on your food. I don't know what the ratio of garlic to addiction is that they use to make this, but it was honestly the best dressing I have ever had. I walked away being able to scare away all of the vampires within a 500 mile radius. I'll be back to freebase some more garlic dressing.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,5/11/2014,122,723,,7,5>"Would you like to try some wine?" Well sure! We tried 2 different red blends and actually left with 2 bottles of the $7.99 one."Would you like to try some bourbon?" Sir, I would like nothing more at this very moment. We tried some Ezra Craig, some Four Roses, some Sweet Lucy (not the cream variety), and 1-2 others before leaving with a bottle of Four Roses tucked in the bag next to the wines. The store is spacious but it does smell of incense due to sharing a wall with Magic Bus. Lots of beers, wines, mixers, booze of all flavors and colors, and in all price ranges. One of my favorite liquor stores, truthfully. Sale prices are very good too. My favorite part is the tasting counter though. If I'm going to spend $8-50+ on something to consume, I don't like to feel like I'm taking a risk. Unlike the old Big Red Liquors, which was roughly the size of a Carmel master suite, this one is huge and spacious and shares the large parking lot with the rest of the Broad Ripple Station businesses.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,5/10/2014,227,380,1,10,6>I was super excited when I heard they were putting a Graeter's Ice Cream shop in Indianapolis.. and kept driving by checking on the progress of the construction, just waiting for them to open!If you haven't been here before, you're in for a real treat. When I go to Cincinnati, I try and make a stop at one of their locations if I can. I fell in love with them several years earlier, and can't believe we finally have ONE in Indiana... and it's an easy drive from my place (or a quick swing-by after work).My favorite is the Black Raspberry Chocolate Chip, which is apparently everyone else's favorite because the sign says it's their #1 seller. Score.. this means they won't be getting rid of it anytime soon! A close second is the Blueberry Pie. I can't wait to have this sitting outside on a hot summer day!Although they just opened, a lot of people have been waiting on this place, so plan a little extra time to wait in line.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,5/9/2014,82,108,,9,3>Got dogs? Go here. There are trails back behind the playground equipment and the parking lots that will take you to some very beautiful places. Trails are gravel or dirt and may contain stones for steps or wooden steps and bridges. It's wide enough that you don't have to worry about tight spaces or having to pass multiple groups of people when it's busy. My pups love this place because the trails are surrounded by tall trees that keep everything shaded when the sun is out. And if you don't have dogs, you will still enjoy the uniqueness that is Holliday Park.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/8/2014,131,130,4,8,4>Give it up for THE best sushi spot in Broad Ripple! The once-violin shop has grown into a thriving sushi bar on the village strip.- Minimal, modern, and comfortable interior with a small sushi bar and dining room. - Quiet. Great for independent diners, romantic dates, or professional lunch outing. - Lunch special - two rolls and soup/salad for $6.99! Pretty much everything on their lunch menu is under $10. Me likey.- Fresh, clean, and very yummy! For Indiana, this is up there. - Staff is usually pretty quiet. Not sure why. Attentive though.- HUGE selection of rolls! Like a kid in a candy store...except the candy is raw fish and seaweed.- Parking does suck in the area. I would suggest parking near the canal and walking over. You'll need a walk after you stuff your face full of sushi.If you're living in Broad Ripple, it's nice and easy to walk here for some rolls and a beer. If not, sad face for you. Miss you, Sushi Bar!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,5/7/2014,141,70,,6,5>LOVE Twenty Tap!  They have one of the best "on tap" beer selections in Indy (in my opinion).  You can view their daily beer list here:  twentytap.com/#!beer-lisI have only had a few things on the menu, but everything has been delicious!  Each time I see a plate being carried out to a table, I am constantly eyeing it and thinking, "Oh.....what is that??!!"  Everything looks absolutely wonderful!  I highly recommend the cheese curds for a small plate or appetizer. You can view the menu here:  twentytap.com/#!menu/cm65This place is very popular and packed most of the time.  Yet, you can put your name in for a table or wait for a bar seat to open up.  They have a patio out front, which is great for people watching.  The only thing I don't like is that their patio is not pet friendly.  Favorite thing about Twenty Tap....$3.50 pints on Tuesdays!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,5/6/2014,52,318,,9,3>I recently visited IMA to view the Matisse exhibit and was pleased to see such a large crowd in attendance.  I know much more about Matisse than I did before the exhibit was here, so I've got that going for me.Other key points to make about IMA:They show movies in the summer, definitely check the schedule and then go and see one.Take time to walk the grounds and view the gardens.I was in a wedding here a few years ago and it makes a wonderful wedding & reception location.The number of car break-in's seems to have plummeted to near zero.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/5/2014,38,66,,5,3>YUM. Just YUM.Holy moly, I love Thai. I really really do. But I had never gone to Siam Square, just because it's located across the street from my favorite Asian restaurant, Naisa! But for a friend's birthday, they love Siam and thought I'd finally give it a go!Man oh man is it yummy. My friends started off with the fried tofu and crab rangoon appetizers--super tasty and very unique dipping sauces to go with! Along with the rangoon came this really sweet, almost spiced vinegar-based sauce and it was so flavorful!For the meals: we tried masaman curry with chicken (hot) and it was so creamy and it's even making me drool as we speak of it. Onions, potatoes and tons of chicken pieces swim around this pool of coconut milk, spices and dreams.I ordered the drunken noodles with chicken--again, stir-fried to my heart's desire. Flavored just right.For dessert, holy mackerel, they make their own ice creams! We opted for the taro and boy-oh-boy was it worth the purple mouth it gave me! With a side of sticky rice and coconut milk, man, I drooled, slurped, and darn-near licked my plate clean.DOWN SIDE: because I'm a cheapskate,  I will admit, the portions were disappointing. I didn't expect a scoop of ice cream and a small patty of sweet rice to cost $6... but value and quality--I know I should pay more.. but I'd rather not... So portions! Please give me more...
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,5/4/2014,10,62,,5,3>I'm late to the party on BARcelona Tapas, but add me to the long list of people who are singing its praises. I've never had tapas before, and I'll admit, I was mostly ignorant about Spanish cuisine. Most of what I've heard about food in Spain was "MEATMEATMEAT," so I wasn't sure I'd have a lot of options here. Totally wrong! I walked out of Barcelona Tapas almost uncomfortably full, because the food was plentiful, diverse, and vegetarian/pescatarian friendly. I enjoyed a little of everything, from the grilled asparagus (not your average asparagus- perfectly cooked, seasoned and topped with the perfect amount of cheese) to the mussels, my favorite dish of the night. In between? It's kind of a blur, but I know there was a delicious pitcher of sangria involved, crispy, fresh calamari, and a mound of roasted potatoes (Patatas Bravas) covered in the best red sauce I've ever tasted. I'll definitely be a repeat customer. I feel like I ate so much, but still have so many other options to try in the future. That itself poses it's own problem, as I already have a few favorites :) It would be a wonderful choice to enjoy a few bites and a drink, or a larger, drawn out full dinner. The prices are friendly to even smaller budgets, and the ambiance is perfect for a date night, girls night out, or happy hour.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/3/2014,21,19,,9,4>Located in the former location of Teapots and Treasures, Soupremacy offers a nice selection of soups along with a couple of salad selection.  I tried the tomato brusque which was hands down the best tomato soup I've ever had.  The soup is delectable with a nice sweetness. Topped with smoked Gouda and sour cream, it has over-the-top richness that is really wonderful.   The big bowl of soup is more filling than it looks!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,5/2/2014,123,216,1,8,3>The problem with Spice Box is that I always want MORE.  I don't know if the portions are small or I'm not ordering enough food, or maybe I just have a very healthy appetite when it comes to eating really tasty food.  My meal just always seems to end with me staring at an empty tray thinking, "is that it?"  At least Spice Box has become more accessible since opening the new City Market Location.  I really love Indian food and Spice Box does the trick when I'm wanting to quench my Indian-tooth without going to a buffet or sit-down restaurant.  Everything I have tried has been very good and the staff at the counter were very friendly.  I really appreciate it when someone offers to explain the dishes, especially when you're ordering a foreign cuisine.  I really wish the best for Spice Box and think it's a perfect addition to the food offerings at City Market.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,5/1/2014,82,37,1,6,4>If you've ever thought about brewing your own beer, a stop in at Great Fermentations is a must. They have beginner kits that include everything you need to get started - plus classes, Friday night meet ups and other resources to help you along. The best resource by far is the staff. Each one is a knowledgeable and seasoned homebrewer in their own right. They can answer any question you have, give you tips on how equipment works and they'll give you honest advice about how to succeed on any budget. Unlike breweries and bars - you can take your (well behaved) kids into the shop with you since they don't sell beer! It makes it much easier for this mom to pop in to grab some extra plastic tubing or a new ingredient kit.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,4/30/2014,41,136,1,6,5>Another of Indianapolis' great microbreweries!  They have been going gangbusters since they opened, and they still can hardly keep up with the demand.  (Thus, no "cheap" growler fill days.)  They always have tasty house brews on tap, as well as a nice selection of guest beers and ciders.  I've only eaten the house food once, and it was good, but not outstanding.  On Mondays they offer discount pints of Indiana brews, and they have a guest food truck parked right outside.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/29/2014,66,74,1,7,5>Yes, I am writing a review about a gas station.I live right around the corner and will go out of my way to come to this gas stations. I have always found the number of staff member's comforting and the fact they do not have a high turnover is nice. After only a few visits, the staff starts to remember you. I know it no ritzy coffee shop with foamed milk and $5 lattes, but I love the value. I have a large refillable 64oz cup which is $.79 vs. Speedway's price of $1.30.This location is always significantly cleaner than any Speedway in Indy and the affluence of customers is a plus as well. I also appreciate the mobile app which give you a free convenience store item once a week! I am giving a gas station a 5/5 because in my personal opinion they do not get any cleaner, better service, and great value than Thorntons!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,4/28/2014,82,177,3,6,4>GAH. THIS. PLACE. ROCKS.I've been wanting to go here for a long while (especially after seeing such awesome reviews) and when one of my friends came up randomly for dinner from Louisville, this felt like the perfect area/restaurant to showcase the upcoming local food scene in Indy. Boy did Mama Irma's have both of us hooked! I'm glad I have non-picky eaters for friends like him.We started off with fried plantains because you can, and it's a lot for $2.50. Not really sure what the name of my dish was but it was cilantro based sauce with fall-off-the-bone meat, rice, and veggies... all awesome! My friend's dish was one of the specialty ahi dishes and he loved it. He convinced me to get dessert like him. Mine was the rice pudding + purple corn dish... Neither which I'd ever had before. The best way to describe it is how Fall (the season) should taste. His homemade pie was super chocolately and awesome. We both concluded this is one of our top meals, EVER, and a return trip MUST be ASAP.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,4/27/2014,132,107,1,9,4>What a gem!  A warm, wonderful, and inviting local shop on 22nd Street that makes for the perfect lunchtime stop on a snowy day.I was greeted warmly by the owner and given a tour of both the food and tea menus before ordering.  He directed me to a Kenyan black tea that was smooth and well balanced.  This was served to the table in a wonderful tea press pot that was both fun to use and terrific for steeping the tea.Every bite of lunch was delicious!  I had a chicken salad sandwich that may be the tastiest I have ever had.  This consisted of very tender chicken in a slightly sweet mustard dressing that was light and flavorful.  A marvelous mix of sweet and savory.  The bread was freshly baked and perfectly toasted.  I ate 'Café style' with half sandwich accompanied by a cup of homemade turkey and rice soup.  Good to the last drop....I'll be back to try other teas and the other menu items soon.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,4/26/2014,88,185,1,15,4>Indiana College of Massage is technically a massage school ... obviously... but on the weekends you can get a great massage for for a terrific price! Their students need practice so the prices are low because they are still studying. But I'll tell you what, the massages are still fantastic. They have private rooms with low lighting and soft music. The students are very professional and wonderful with listening to your needs and really working through your problem areas. Schedule massages online and wait for confirmation email. They can only accommodate so many people because they only have a handful of students. Information from website: Massage Clinic Prices- 80-minute hot stone massage for $45.00- 50-minute massage for $25.00- 80-minute massage for $37.00- 110-minute massage for $50.00- 50-minute massage for couples - $50.00 total- 80-minute massage for couples - $74.00 totalOpen Friday, 9 am - 7 pmOpen Saturday, 9 am - 7 pmOpen Sunday, 9 am - 7 pm
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/25/2014,9,100,,9,4>Indy, I double-dare you to come up with a more outstanding loaf of bread than Amelia's.The semolina is our fav. The focaccia is excellent but I wish it was bigger!!! Tried the roasted garlic loaf recently....while it had a hint of garlic aroma, oddly there were no lil roasted cloves to be found anywhere in the loaf or the list of ingredients.Also good is their cinnamon roll. The bread has an excellent shelf life. We enjoy it all week long w dinner, for toast, for sandwiches.....If you can't make it to the Indy winters farmers market (they're also there in the summer when the market is outside...) you can stop in Bluebeard in fountain square/fletcher place and pick up your fix there.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,4/24/2014,84,22,4,6,9>My 70 year old grandmother really wanted me to leave this review for you. From her, "I have never been to a resturant where all of the staff were so happy and friendly, the food was good but even if it wasn't you would enjoy it because of the friendly people who work there. From the hostess to the bus boy I thank you and want you to know I appreciated you."
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,4/23/2014,214,265,,13,7>All I could think of when I walked in the door was, "wow, this place is a lot nicer than I thought it would be." For some reason I had envisioned this new Thai/jazz joint to be a little less formal. But it turned out to be the perfect atmosphere. The smooth jazz playing in the background and the dimly lit lighting was just what someone needs from time to time. I ended up having pad thai (without peanuts.) Loved it! I'm not a big spicy food fan, so this entree was the perfect choice. And luckily I have leftovers for lunch tomorrow! ;) A friend of mine let us try the apple sake -- wowee, wow, wow, wow! Delicious. I would have never guessed it would taste as refreshing as it did -- and it was great. This new little joint is a perfect addition to the downtown Indianapolis food scene. I hadn't been to a Thai restaurant in awhile so I was pleasantly surprised with how nice they had made this one. Well done!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/22/2014,41,56,,7,4>Pho my god.  I've taken numerous people here and they're always blown away by the amount of food options and service.  I love this place.  The ladies at the counter are gold star service ninjas.  I've only ever gotten the Pho and Hu Tieu Siete (I think) and I prefer the Pho.  Their Vietnamese rolls with green leaf are awesome (wrap the lettuce, basil and other goodies around the outside then dip in the sauce provided)!  This place hits the spot during those chilly winter months.  You never have to wait longer 5-8 minutes to get their food.  This place is now my go to staple for pho and hot and sour soup when sick. It does wonders for the soul. End your visit with some diet friendly Sugar Biscuits.  :)
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,4/21/2014,87,337,6,13,7>There are not a lot of Filipino restaurants here. In fact, there's only one, and that's this place. Go on Saturday for the more extensive Filipino menu.We had 6-7 different dishes and they were all excellent. I don't remember what they're called but I took several pictures that I uploaded here.It's interesting reading the negative reviews. It seems like all of them are variations of, "I came from California where there are eleventy billion Filipino restaurants and Eduardo's sucks compared to those." Probably, but that can be said about pretty much every ethnic restaurant (and, realistically, almost everything) in Indianapolis when compared to what's available in California. The "what I can get in California" bar is just not realistic to use in Indianapolis.I mean, really? You think that California, with 6x the population of Indiana, 8x the economy of Indiana, and a billion times the diversity of Indiana might have a better Filipino restaurant than Indiana? Thanks for the deep insight, Sherlock.Tips:1) Try many different things. The dishes are all fairly inexpensive. What's the worst that can happen?2) Talk to the employees and ask questions. They are very helpful.3) Go early. We went at around 5:30pm Saturday and some of the dishes were already sold out.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,4/20/2014,59,136,2,5,4>Ahhh, the Aristocrat.  I was very upset when I heard about the fire.  I was concerned that it may not come back, or that it would be different in a bad way, when it came back.Turns out I was worried for nothing. The new, improved Aristocrat rules.  The interior is open and spacious.  Bright, clean and comfortable.  Maybe I miss the feel of the old place a little, but that's simply nostalgia talking.I had the Aristocrat burger with Cheddar, just to make sure it was still yummy.  It was:)  My friend had the Cottage pie and sweet potato soup.  Both were top-notch and had generous portions.  Yay leftovers.Finally, they had a great tap beer selection, which is a must in Indy.  Plenty of local breweries were available.  All in all, a great return to the Aristocrat.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/19/2014,29,45,,8,5>My fiancee and I dropped by for our anniversary dinner, which conveniently overlapped with Devour Downtown.  The service was absolutely phenomenal, and the complementary Prosecco and choice seats were a super nice touch.  It means a lot that someone is actually reading and acting on the reservation notes that are made.The food was great, but not quite over the top perfect.  We started with the crab cakes, which were great, and the salads were nice and fresh and zippy.  I had the pork osso buco, which was absolutely phenomenal except for the somewhat bland spaghetti in the dish.  It didn't really make sense to put spaghetti there in the first place, some other carb probably would have fit in a little better.  My fiancee had the lobster ravioli, which was super rich and a little bland.  The sauce was nice and creamy but that was about all it had going for it.I'd like to go back and sample some more of the menu, and try out their signature Manhattan, but it'll be a while until I can fit that into my budget.  I'd say it's an excellent place for a date or a romantic occasion, though.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,4/18/2014,19,106,,8,6>LOVE Bee Coffee Roasters!!  Their roastery at 56th and Lafayette is awesome and their new downtown store is just as good!  If you are looking for quality coffee and baristas that care about their craft, this is your place.  Everyone here is extremely knowledgeable and will help you figure out exactly what coffee you want.  If you are downtown and need your caffeine buzz, stop on in, they will take care of you!!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,4/17/2014,29,124,,6,3>This little eatery really gives off the Ethiopian vibe inside with colorful artifacts and walls of historical photographs. It's definitely an out-of the country experience. Sauce-drenched, crusty-fingered, under the nails - not for the germophobes! (Although, they do have silverware - I say, dig in like a toddler to get the full effect.)I'm pretty new to this type of cuisine, but the owner was very helpful in explaining the significance behind the meals such as the "ambasha" breaking of the bread ceremony and even intimate aspects of sharing meals with your significant other by feeding them. Great historical tid-bits. I can tell he is very grateful and willing to share his culture. As a starter, we got ambasha which comes with homemade cheese and side of honey. It's decent, but a little filling before the main course. We got a meat combo plate and Ye-beg wot "lamb in spicy berbere sauce" to share. As sides we got: red lentils, shiro, gomen, string beans, and potatoes & carrots. Injera (like sourdough crepe) lined the perimeter of the platter - quite healthy & great for gluten-free guests. The injera is quite sour in my opinion, but I haven't tried other places so I can't really give an accurate comparision. My boyfriend thinks it mellows out the flavor of the actual dishes. The star winner for me was the ye-beg wot - it was flavorful and spicy. Delicious! Everything else was just okay - a little less seasoned than I would like, but perhaps it's supposed to be that way.Overall, unique and adventurous experience. We'll revisit again in the near future!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,4/16/2014,49,140,2,6,2>Two Words: Bloody Mary Bar.  OK, maybe that was three....but that's how good they are!  Here's the thing, it's a cool and casual atmosphere that has outdoor seating right along the canal.  Can it get better for a Sunday afternoon drink and food?  Probably not.The bloody mary bar allows you to garnish your drink and spice it up any way you want.  The selection of ingredients keeps you coming back for more.  I remember the first one I made had a specific combination of ingredients and I was going for a very specific taste.  By the time I was on my 4th one I was adding stuff just cuz I could!  Blue cheese stuffed olives, hot sauce, more hot sauce, another kind of hot sauce....you get the idea.Don't be fooled though, it's not just a bar scene...you'll find people of all ages here (kids included!)
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/15/2014,20,82,,5,4>Why is everything I love so far away from Downtown Indianapolis? :) It's quite alright however. Yum yum yum. I love simple syrup. This place has some very interesting varieties all are so good and I can't wait to buy a bunch and have a great cocktail party.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,4/14/2014,85,50,3,9,3>When this little nook of downtown has closed down for the evening after 5pm, Chef Joseph's is a diamond in the rough for those looking for a meal in a swanky restaurant! Seriously, I had heard of the place before this weekend, but I had never been there! I was not disappointed!The menu had something for everyone: burger, salad, seafood, or even small plates. I enjoyed a shrimp and ravioli dish that arrived at my table exactly as it was described in the menu. I even got to try a special dessert - a peppercorn flan! Are you intrigued? Well, you should be. It was great!This particular night was super busy because of the live entertainment scheduled, but service didn't miss a beat! Even had the owners make a stop at our table! How often does that happen at any restaurant?!So, make Chef Joseph's your next stop for date night (or for a pre-theater dinner) and be prepared for a friendly, tasty, and pretty fancy evening! I've already made my next reservation!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,4/13/2014,52,230,4,7,3>I just ate the best cheeseburger ever! So juicy, perfect size -- not too tall but just right -- so you can chomp into it like a pro without having to deconstruct. This was the juiciest burger ever. I'm in heaven. I ordered the Steer Burger which comes with their signature Steer Inn Sauce. I inquired about what the sauce was, and the waitress said it is like the Big Mac sauce -- SOLD! I heart Mac sauce. I added an order of French fries, which were crinkle cuts and hot out of the grease. Delicious!My parents ordered the tenderloin and the Frisco melt burger. The tenderloin was also fantastic! The breading had that home style flavor to it with pepper in the batter - perfect. The tenderloin was meaty vs. the thin, pre-frozen junk some restaurants serve up. The waitstaff was excellent. Jiffy on-the-spot with drink refills. Super nice and attentive. I will so be going back! I am already have meat withdrawals. I want to try out the breakfast food next! You have to try out Steer Inn!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,4/12/2014,179,458,2,8,6>I come to the Indianapolis airport early just so I can enjoy a nice cup of coffee and a broken yolk sandwich.  The food here is fantastic.  You will forget that you are in an airport.  That is what I love about the INDY airport in general, you get great food that has already been established well in surrounding Indianapolis.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/11/2014,54,92,2,4,3>Tamales...yes.  Tortas...yes.  Tacos...yes.  Homemade chips and salsa...yes.  I'd heard of this place for a long time, but it was never really on my radar because we lived so far away (northeast side, near east side) and I'm not foodie ambitious enough to drive across town for a counter-service tamale.  Let me change that...I WASN'T foodie ambitious enough.  Husband works near there and went there on his own, raved about it, and had me meet him for lunch one day (and then another day...and another).  We took his boss (Texas, born and bred) there for dinner when we were in town; he raved about it, too.  I have been known to request this be brought home to me after work, when I've gone too long without.Tamale selection changes each day (which is incredible, when you know the amount of work that goes into making them).  Popular varieties sell out early, but they keep track on a whiteboard near where you order, so you'll know what's available.  If they're sold out of what your heart is set on, set your heart on another variety.  You will NOT be disappointed with your change of plans.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,4/10/2014,40,151,,5,6>Arrived at 630 on a Saturday night and had no problem getting a seat in the bar. We could have sat at a hibachi table, but chose not to. We sat at the bar and had fun. We ordered a gin juice and a glass of Pinot Grigio. Both were good. The customer service here is five stars. The salad and hibachi soup were very good, the ginger dressing exceptional. The hibachi soup was very flavorful.  I ordered the chicken yakisoba, I would have given it  five stars if there had been a better assortment of veggies. My daughter ordered oishi chicken with veggies. She really liked it. Next time she'll order the fried rice instead if steamed rice. Both meals came with soup and salad. This restaurant is a nice addition to this area, that's not a chain restaurant. Both our meals with drinks and tip came to $60. Definitely will come back with a group and eat at the hibachi tables.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/9/2014,17,114,,5,4>I can't believed I lived here for a year a half before before finally getting here. We go to Costco all the time but coming from Mooresville we are normally in a hurry. Everything we had was great here. The beer list was great for a strip mall location, more than I thought there would be. Of course we ordered some wings, they held up to their hype we heard from people we work with and other reviews. The coating on the deep fried pickles was good as well. We got a deep dish pizza and it was awesome. Great thick yet crispy crust. I loved how much gooey cheese was on it. This place will be our new favorite pre costco stop!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,4/8/2014,149,388,,4,4>Beautiful place, outstanding service, great food.  Been here for several meetings and receptions and they have all been top notch. I highly recommend if looking for accommodations in downtown Indy.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,4/7/2014,5,58,,5,3>Came in on Saturday morning for breakfast. There were a lot of regulars there, which was a good sign.  Service was very friendly and food came our quickly. I really liked their hash brown casserole. They also have fried potatoes. Coffee was good. The place was clean and nicely decorated - so were the bathrooms!  Will definitely be back.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,4/6/2014,187,120,,5,3>This place is literally a hidden gem. It is off the beaten path in an alley. But if you are lucky enough to stumble across it you are bound to have a good time.The place is spacious and you never feel over crowded like so many bars downtown. I really enjoy going to this place on a Friday or Saturday if I am with a large group of people. It is a great place to grab a good drink and still be able to have a conversation with the people at your table without losing your voice. The pizza and breadsticks are good as well. When they first opened they didn't have their liquor license and now they do, so that is always a huge plus!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,4/5/2014,63,377,,5,3>Ventured outside the glazed yeast and tried the chocolate cream-filled.  OMG...pillowy softness.  I'm glad the filing isn't super rich, since the outside is covered in powdered sugar.  Definitely found a new favorite.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,4/4/2014,25,108,6,8,5>I went in for a wax service and saw Misty- she's quick, she's hilarious, and she makes you forget you're in pain as she fills the tiny esthetican room with her personality and energy. There are not a lot of bells and whistles in the room but it is clean.Also, remember this place is downtown- and it's a gem because  you can get to the salon a lot easier, wax services are just slightly less expensive and more parking options are available than another downtown wax service place I've reviewed before - Naked Monkey. Go in and get some hair ripped off your body- wow! I really should be in marketing!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,4/3/2014,25,52,2,5,3>As an addict to anything even a little bit French, I couldn't pass up the opportunity for brunch at this little B-Rip cafe. The mimosa wasn't my thing, but I'm sure it's great for champagne lovers. It took me several minutes to decide on an item since I wanted everything on the menu. A friend ordered a salmon appetizer with cheese and greens on a toasted baguette that was exceptional while I ordered a ratatouille savory crepe. While it wasn't as the French would do it with buckwheat flour, the contents of the crepe themselves were delicious--an excellent ratatouille. That is my one and only complaint--that the meal crepes should have been galette-style to make it a meal. Everything else is so good, and the atmosphere casual but classy. I will definitely be heading back here to try more French-inspired foods and make my way through the list of enticing cocktails. I would recommend it with enthusiasm and then ask if I could come, too.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,4/2/2014,52,71,1,6,3>This place is a great option for people wanting locally sourced meats, based out of Ladoga.  The shop is clean, the staff is knowledgable, and friendly.  The meat selection is quite expansive, duck, chicken, all cuts of beef and pork.  They also carry quail eggs, specialty cheeses, and numerous local companies honey/jams.  The meats are premiums cuts, with a perfect amount of marbling.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,4/1/2014,31,148,5,7,4>I go through BRICS withdrawal if I stay away too long. This is real ice cream. For really real.They are not messing around. BRICS is the real deal. Yeah they have frozen yogurt and sodas and stuff but c'mon! Live a little! This is the good, rich, creamy, flavorful ice cream that we were meant to enjoy. Favorite flavors include Monon Tracks, Broad Ripple Blackberry,Chocolate  Choo-choo, and the Grasshopper. I also occasionally get a sundae with vanilla and chocolate ice cream and hot fudge topping. Yummmmmmm!Did I mention that they are NOT messing around?? Order a double scoop. I double dog dare you! I can barely finish it myself. The single is a generous portion. The Baby Bric is a great option for little ones who can't handle the generosity of the BRICS scoopers. I am also thankful for the water service. There's just something sweetly old-fashioned about the scoopers coming around to the table to offer you water. It really sends the message that you aren't forgotten after you've paid; at BRICS you're a customer until the moment you leave.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/31/2014,130,709,5,10,6>Locally Grown Gardens plays continuous reggae music. I don't mean that its on from time to time. I mean demma rampin' reggae always an foreva mon. To my way of thinking, this is a beacon of cultural nuance and bravado that earns LGG hands down 5 stars - in perpetuity. It wouldn't matter to me if they sold only Saltine Crackers soaked in milk (which I'm told isn't terrible). On this visit, with reggae in the background, I had the great fortune of ordering the smoked salmon with ginger coleslaw. Oh   My   God! The salmon is cooked perfectly and has a brown sauce that is .?. tangy and very good. Then comes the slaw with a ginger milky coating that is .?. fan-freakin'-tastic - might be the best coleslaw I've ever eaten. But the combination of these two offerings and their separate sauces mixing together during the eating is beyond words. This is one of the best single-plate values in Indianapolis - bar none.  At first, I questioned the absence of starch (bread for example), but after I started into the meal I began to understand the perfect blend of textures and flavors on the plate would only be diminished with any addition or subtraction. Bravo chef!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,3/30/2014,122,70,1,7,4>Food was great but the atmosphere was loud in bar area and the waitress wasn't as pleasant as I'd hoped for a place that serves this good of food. Its fountain square so expect a mixed semi hippiester crowd. Has a nice outside area to stay away from noise. Started with a charcuterie plate for $14 I could skip this next time but it was good. $8 chopped salad was good and had the freshest marinated cherry tomatoes I've ever had. Although the $36 ribeye was not the best cut of beef I've had it was prepared phenomenally and the dish was great. Also had asparagus $8 which were awesome too. There was two of us and could have easily served three. So it's really not as expensive as you would think if your not drinking and learn to order.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,3/29/2014,134,221,7,7,6>Cool new concept from the proprietors of Taste. This will definitely appeal to the Taste, Recess, Ball & Biscuit, etc., crowd. And it certainly appeared to be on a recent weekend night. If you're looking for a trendy, modern atmosphere engendered by dim industrial-inspired lighting, corrugated metal, tables made of wood that looks like it was distressed by waves at the shore of a lonely, Atlantic outpost. Pro-tip: arrive early and snag the couch in the downstairs area for a intimate, cozy experience.Really nice staff and a great drink list, featuring classic and seasonal cocktails. We tried the Old Fashioned and the Nosferatu, and then selected a few pints off their list of local and craft beers. Three stars for the snack selection. There were a lot of things that sounded appealing, but nothing that cried: "You must have me!" We tried the truffle fries (pretty yummy, decadent) and the avocado puree, which was essentially guacamole. The chips that came with it taste like salty wantons and just overwhelmed the flavor. The portions are modest and if you order more than a couple items along with your cocktails, your outing will probably divorce you from some dollars. Don't come too hungry. Overall, E + D is another great option for the classy cocktail seekers of Indy. Appropos of almost nothing, I love the glowing sign outside -- it reminds me of an old fashioned carnival, though I can't quite figure out why.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,3/28/2014,24,113,5,9,4>When a friend of mine showed up for drinks one day with amazing bangs I realized that I looked like Chewbacca in comparison and asked where she went for her haircuts. So glad I did!My friend insisted that Kira was the best, so I booked an appointment with her. My appointment started right on time, and Kira explained everything that she was planning even though I came in with just a picture of my friend and a request that she "make mine look like that." It turned out so well! I swim, dye my hair, and occasionally get tipsy and try a little DIY on my bangs, and this haircut made it look like none of those shenanigans had ever happened. Definitely recommend.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/27/2014,50,74,2,10,8>Can we use another brewery in Indy? Of course we can, especially in the Mass Ave area. Stopped by the Outliers Brewing Launch Party and the place was packed. I guess people know where to go to get their local craft beer. Add Der Pretzel Wagen, DJ, and games, and you have a night of fun.Okay the beer. There are four beers so far (Buffalo Jacket IPA, Blau Machen Pilsner, County Brown, Whitcomb Rye).  I think there is something for everyone here.  The Pilsner will quench the regular beer drinkers, the IPA should satisfy the hopheads, and the Brown will please people in the middle. The Rye is probably the wild card here. Apparently, rye adds a spicy flavor than just regular barley. This might be the brew to go with if you want something different.I was only able to try the Brown at the Launch Party (line was short when I got there, but got progressively longer).  It definitely has a bolder flavor and more aftertaste than say the Sun King Wee Mac (but not necessarily more hoppy).  Come to find out, the Brown actually has less ABV than Wee Mac. In fact, the Outliers brews range from 4-6% ABV. Maybe the niche here is to create beers with more flavor versus alcohol content.Outliers beers are now available at various bars/restaurants. Cheers to another Indy brewery!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/26/2014,29,261,,5,3>A new eatery in this up and coming neighborhood close to downtown is hitting all the right notes. The decor is hip without the plastic feel that can come across when it is corporate driven. I loved the exposed brick and the huge windows were a welcome treat for a windowless bound office worker :) The local beer selection was unique and tasty enough to prompt me to return and add to my spots for after work social hour. They participate in Devour Downtown which makes the price for the huge spinach salad and BLT a steal! My friend enjoyed the Gouda and Butternut grilled cheese. We left full and extremely happy with a new lunch place to add to our list of downtown fave. The free parking and friendly staff eliminate any reasons to not try Shoefly.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,3/25/2014,103,33,,9,5>Recently I visited Mallow Run on a wine tour of Southern/Central Indiana. I went in with expectations of liking it based on what I ha heard about it. I was very pleased with the dry and seasonal wine selections. I feel like more Hoosiers gravitate towards sweeter wines so most wineries master the sweet types but aren't as strong on the dry end of the spectrum. However this is not the case for Mallow Run. I cannot remember the exact name of my favorite but it was towards the bottom of the dry section and had a frenchy  name (yes, I know this description doesn't narrow it down much). Rudolph mulled wine was available on that particular Sunday and was a delightful treat. I liked the dual warming process (temperature + alcohol). Let's talk about the setting for a bit, shall we now. Driving up to the winery there are rolling hills and the vineyard hugs the driveway and builds the excitement for your eager plate. Ample parking is available right next to the main building. A patio is attached to both the side and back of building. Behind the building there are rolling hills where concerts take place during the summer. A friend showed me pictures of the concerts and it looks like a very chill, wine filled day of enjoying music. The inside is decorated with an Americana feel with wine related merchandise scattered throughout. There are tables inside too if you want to pop a squat and enjoy a whole bottle. The only compliant I would have about the environment would be how high the countertop is at which you taste wines. Not short-Italian-leg-friendly. I could see okay and I'm 5'2", but it wasn't exactly comfortable to stand at the bar for me. I did like the cathedral ceiling and exposed beams. Rustic vibes from a venue make me want to stay awhile and kick back.  The staff was very knowledgable and good at getting you to talk enough so that they could get a feel for your tastes and make recommendations. I never had to wait for the next sample to be poured (6 free tastings). The pouring sizes were normal to generous. If our sample was coming from the bottom of the bottle they would give us a bigger sample to finish off the bottle versus trying to stretch it out too much and have abnormally small samples. I feel like this is a reflection of how they value you trying the wine more so than making sure no ounce is wasted. Customers first. The staff was also patient with our group. I sample wines like I eat artisanal chocolates, slowly. I never felt like they were trying to ship me in and out promptly. The staff was also very friendly and welcoming. They would chat with us while we sipped on wine and would answer our questions. I always appreciate someone who can help me correctly pronounce any word in any language.  I would definitely te come d this winery. It's only 20-30 mins southwest of downtown Indianapolis. I have yet to try their soups on the weekends and concerts in the summer but I could definitely like to come again.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/24/2014,94,183,,5,3>These little morsels are AHmazing!  Experienced this little company at the Eiteljorg at a YELP! event.   Chocolate Mint Whoopie Pie-Moist, sweet but not overly sweet.  Slight refreshing mint taste.   These little bites are the perfect treat.  I will have to venture to their store to scope out and try more flavors.  This is the new cupcake but it's a Whoopie Pie!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,3/23/2014,91,653,,6,4>The new location is great!   It's actually much closer to where I live, but that's besides the point.   The space at the old location really needed some freshening (the "dirty bayou" look gets old pretty fast) and they really pulled out the stops at the new space.   It actually looks like a place I would go to hang out with some friends and have a drink (there's a big bar), although I'm not sure their wine & beer license has transferred over yet.The dining area is quite large (much bigger than the old location even after they took over the space next door) and doesn't feel as disjointed as before.Another bonus of the far north Mass Ave location is there is plenty of street parking available.   There is a lot of metered parking on Mass Ave and there's even some free parking on the cross street (9th St) which winds behind the store and becomes Davidson St.   As for the food, it's still a hit.   Selection is limited (as usual) to a handful of items, but the menu changes daily.   It's still one of the best deals in town ($6).
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,3/22/2014,47,296,,6,3>A Taste of Philly is a little hole in the wall off of College Ave and East 42nd St. I would have never noticed this place if it weren't for my friend who lives essentially right across the street and frequents the place. The restaurant was delicious and I wish that it were more visible to customers! The only thing showing that it's there is a purple flag hanging outside the window with a few tables/chairs.The name is a bit misleading as I'd assume Philly would have more to offer than pretzel-based dishes, so I'd say it's certainly more of a bakery than a restaurant. Regardless, the foodstuff is great here. I ordered two pretzel dogs, jalapeno side cheese, and an orange cream soda. All of this came to around $10.50, which might seem expensive, but it was certainly worth it. The pretzel dogs were incredible. Big, well made, high quality, and left you feeling full without the uncomfortableness. The dogs were the perfect ratio of hotdog-to-pretzel and tasted amazing in jalapeno cheese. This place is so good, that about two hours later, I walked back over to the place to get two orders of pretzel nuggets and more of that jalapeno cheese. For $2 (not including the cheese) you receive 12 pretzel nuggets, which I think is the perfect amount. If you find a treasure map to lead you to this place, definitely stop in!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/21/2014,184,188,4,5,6>if-youre-in-fountain-square-for-first-friday-chances-are-youve-stopped-in-imoca-or-walked-past-not-realizing-it-was-open-its-located-next-door-to-red-lion-grog-house-in-the-murphy-arts-building-accessible-from-both-the-front-and-back-ive-missed-many-a-great-exhibit-doing-just-that-specifically-the-white-album-project-featuring-artist-rutherford-chang-that-received-rave-reviews-and-kicked-myself-for-not-going-soonerled-by-executive-director-shauta-marsh-this-non-profit-focuses-increasing-the-understanding-and-appreciation-of-the-significance-of-artistic-contemporary-culture-in-the-city-of-indianapolis-with-halloween-just-days-away-i-was-taking-a-date-to-their-feature-a-taste-of-jean-rollin-a-collection-of-three-1970s-european-sex-and-horror-cinema-indymocaorg201310a-t-i-figured-id-either-scare-him-to-death-or-wed-end-the-night-reenacting-scenes-together-there-was-a-small-group-of-people-in-the-casual-seating-screening-room-the-mood-was-exciting-and-playful-as-we-were-exposed-to-racy-scenes-of-nude-vampire-goddessess-through-the-use-of-ancient-effects-and-technology-highlighting-the-skill-possessed-by-the-legendary-filmmaker-three-films-for-a-5-suggested-donation-was-a-deal-for-this-experience-the-band-playing-next-door-at-red-lion-or-was-it-upstairs-in-joyful-noise-was-a-bit-distracting-but-nothing-some-sound-proof-foam-on-the-ceiling-cant-resolve-the-living-dead-girl-89-minutesa-toxic-spill-revives-a-beautiful-dead-heiress-who-with-the-help-of-her-childhood-friend-must-quench-her-insatiable-thirst-for-bloodthe-iron-rose-80-minutesa-young-couple-out-for-a-walk-decide-to-take-a-stroll-through-a-large-cemetery-as-darkness-begins-to-fall-they-realize-they-cant-find-their-way-out-and-soon-their-fears-begin-to-overtake-themwe-made-it-through-the-first-and-most-of-the-second-feature-before-the-desire-to-bite-one-another-overtook-us-well-played-imoca
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,3/20/2014,86,77,,5,4>I'm rating the Alexander purely on a tour of their facilities, the bar and their public art.  I've not actually stayed at the hotel, but I certainly plan to on a future staycation.I love that Indy finally has a boutique hotel.  It's a bit off the beaten path, but I think this makes for a great connection from the Lily campus to downtown proper.  The building is beautiful -- tons of art pieces in the lobby and open spaces.  And it's great to read up on the artists.The piece de resistance for The Alexander is their bar, Plat 99.  See my separate review for the bar, because it is fab-u-lous.The Market Bar is downstairs and I've enjoyed a couple of meetings in this space and the food I've enjoyed here (via catering or the Market Bar) has been excellent and far superior to most hotel dining options.All in all, this is quite a gem in our city and I think it's got some modern swank.  It's a place to go to for a cocktail or fun parties that they host (Merry and Bright for the holidays).
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,3/19/2014,55,64,,7,4>I've had pretty much all their appetizers, their spicy gyros, and their chicken salad, which is like a Greek salad with the shawarma chicken on it.  All of it excellent, and consistently so.  The baba ghanoush is smoky and garlicky, and wonderful, served with plenty of pita.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,3/18/2014,193,244,,6,5>HOLY COW.  What a fantastic experience I had at my visit to Fat Dan's.The atmosphere is VERY cool.  Open rafter ceiling, nice and airy on the inside.  The service was outstanding, and since I'd never been there before, our server was patient and helpful in explaining the menu.The Chicago Dog caught my eye, and it was simply outstanding.  I'm no expert, so I can't say how authentic it was....but it was oh, so tasty, authentic or not.  I'll certainly get it again.My friend, Dick, ordered some kind of giant burger, and it appeared to be fantastic.  It certainly disappeared quickly, so it must've been good!Kudos to the waitress for making a suggestion...we each ordered a small order of fries, and she said "Why don't I just bring you one large order to share...there'll be more than enough, and it's cheaper".  She was right...there were MORE than enough fries for both of us.  The price was right, the service was outstanding, and the food was awesome.  We'll be back.  And VERY soon.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,3/17/2014,90,90,8,8,6>Sehr gut! To get my boyfriend to do anything that he doesn't want too is nearly impossible, so nothing brought me more pleasure than him suggesting we try Heidlberg. Let me tell you, this one is for the books. The menu is a little daunting at first but never fear, the cute little German waitress in a lederhosen will get you taken care of.The sausage is to die for but the potato salad is where it's at! It's the perfect blend of flavors and it's homemade which is an added bonus! I was looking to try their house jellies but alas, they were out. (insert tears here) BUT see those five stars? Yeah, it didn't change my experience at all. (And it gives me a reason to go back, wink wink hint hint) For the grand finale part one: dessert. I'll be honest, we put our big pants on. We tried one of every pasty, and I don't regret it even for a second. L.O.V.E. My next visit, I will be the happy home to one of those cakes. Whether I have an occasion or not. Judge me.And for finale part two: the store, the steins, the candy, the trinkets, the magnets. I mean, basically everything purchasable in the place, just great. The steins are sweet as all get out and are seriously my favorite part (besides the sweets, of course) of the whole place. Go just to look around if nothing else!!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,3/16/2014,120,222,,6,3>The Elbow room has a little something for everyone.  The menu is really impressive - I had a hard time choosing what to eat, since everything they serve looks so good.  The beer choices are really fantastic, with many local breweries on tap and in the bottle.  They can also serve up a mean cocktail, if you're feeling so inclined.I went with their rendition of the barbecue pork salad - a nice cut of pulled pork on a bed of leafy green lettuce and a house bbq dressing, I thought is was very good.  The appetizer menu also has me giddy for those house wings with bourbon bbq sauce - AWESOME.There is an upstairs area for performances or groups that can be reserved.  It's pretty neat to see a small musical performance up on the second deck - I had a good time with the bar just around the corner too.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,3/15/2014,42,115,2,4,4>OH MER GERD, the new Playscape is fantastic! Lots has been said already about the best children's museum in the world, but the new playscape for babies and toddlers blew my mind.There was a wall of light switches that lit up little dragonflies. Seems so simple, but is utterly GENIUS. My 1-year-old was beside himself with glee playing in water, sand, crawling through tubes with mirrors on the floor, and pressing buttons to make butterflies soar through the air. It was a magical place, and it was clear that a lot of hard work and thought went into it, which I appreciate as a parent. A positively Disney-esque attention to detail.And the cherry on top? At the door, they stop all the children over 5 and give them a "helper" sticker and explain that this area is for smaller ones and they should try and help them have fun. It worked like a charm, there were none of the usual issues of older kids playing in the baby area or running over the little ones in their excitement, and we felt very safe and open the whole time. Wonderful job, Children's Museum.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/14/2014,52,78,1,10,6>This is quite possibly the best Chinese restaurant I have ever been to.... Reasons why:1. The food was light... Meaning that the sauces were not ladled in mass amounts onto my food, meaning I wasn't inputting tons of sauce calories into my system. My date and I both had different dishes (myself--the lemon shrimp, Heather H.--black pepper tofu (a great option for vegetarians I might add!)) that weren't swimming in sauce. The vegetables were also FRESH! Every carrot, celery, asparagus, onion, broccoli and pepper made a crunch as I took a bite, which means that the vegetables and my dish were made with the utmost care. Furthermore, the wontons! They weren't fried like other restaurants, but rather seemed to be baked, since they weren't greasy. I accidentally ordered some as an appetizer (8), only to receive 4 more later on in the meal (from both of our entrees). It's okay- I could've gone home and built a fort out of them if I didn't eat them all. :)2. I fell in love.....with Bubble Tea. I had never tried Boba, and I had made a Resolution this year to try new things people! Furthermore, our server advised me on my tea selections... If I wasn't fond of a particular fruit, etc. then I should stay away from the traditional tea. I went with a Pineapple Green Tea added with Boba, and I'm tempted to draft this review at this moment and drive up to Castleton to go get more. That's how good it was people.3. Prices! Reasonable... Not only did you receive a plate full of veggies, meat and sauce as your entree, but it also comes with steamed white rice and two crab wontons... PLUS soup! Each of our totals came to $15 for appetizers, entrees, and tea...A cost for deliciousness that was well spent!4. Clean, quiet, attentive service. I'm tempted with every breath in my being to go back. 5. FYI- check the hours! We went on a Saturday, and they were only open from 2-10pm.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,3/13/2014,21,104,4,5,4>Food was great! Portion size was huge and prices were low! The service was not great, but the food made up for it. Apparently if you have 2 people it is forbidden to sit at a table with 4 seats.....even if there are no two tops available and all other tables are empty. Strange!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/12/2014,79,383,7,7,4>THANKS FOR BEING OPEN DURING ICE AGE 2014 !  Super service from the lovely young lady in the tres cool sweater....who properly flirted with the 11 year old.....and....the 51 year old !very nice service and pleasantries from the staff who undoubtedly were ready to go home and shovel their own drivewaysEverything exceeded expectations....superb 'ZAStreamed the games when the satellite went down...pretty cool indeedHello ????  Black IPA on tap baby !  Which the 11 year old finally appreciated.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,3/11/2014,153,144,1,7,4>Sunday dinner with family or friends can't be beat at Napolese! service is always on point, the food is always fresh and dessert can't be beat! With that said, lets talk about the pizza... You have a good selection of predetermined pies, or you can build your own from a list of gourmet ingredients. My favorite creation so far has been the pesto, goat cheese, spinach. I crave this like a pregnant lady craves pickles! Prices are reasonable about $12-14 per pizza, and if you are have a salad or app. 1 pizza is plenty to share for a party of two.The wine list by the glass is decent, and the beer selection is fine.I am a fan of the gelato bar that has opened adjacent  to the restaurant. I was unaware of this addition until my last visit! I am a total fan! I am also glad that I DO NOT live in the neighborhood!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,3/10/2014,43,146,1,8,4>Finally: a place where I can get a cup of Intelligentsia in Indy. About time.And not only can I get a great cup of coffee to go here, it's 80 cents cheaper than Foundry. Don't get me wrong, Foundry is great too, but I usually wait in a line to find out that their self-serve carafe is empty. The folks here seem friendly and they have a good beer and wine list. I came back later in the evening and had a nice glass of cabernet and split some pretzels with the woman. The place looks great and having been open for only a week, I'm impressed so far. They also say they plan to be open until 1 am nightly... and that makes this pretty much the only place to get a real cup of coffee other than Starbucks in the evening.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,3/9/2014,113,172,1,7,5>I loved this place! Super cute and kitschy decor with a menu to match. I want to go back a few times and try some different things because on the day I went, I got the boringest thing I could find because my stomach was feeling uneasy. It was actually a really well done egg sandwich with pepperjack, bacon and tomato. My husband got the scramble of the day and it was delicious. The place was hopping, we were there at about 10a on a Sunday. Service was sweet and well paced. Coffee was good & the cup didn't get empty. Ruth's Keystone Cafe for the win!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,3/8/2014,31,87,,14,5>If you're a suburbanite who thinks south of 96th Street (or north of County Line Road) gets scary real quick, nothing I say about this place is going to shake your resolve.  It's not a bad area at all, but the immediate vicinity hosts a number of social service organizations that cater to people who need social services.  That in itself may explain the shape that this building was in before the folks from The Sanctuary rescued it.Yes, it's a century-old Lutheran church that closed in the mid 2000s after declining membership.  It very well could have faced the wrecking ball if it sat vacant for too many more years.  Recognizing both the acoustics and the irreplaceable architecture, the team at the Sanctuary bought the place and de-churchified it, transforming it to a multi-purpose events space.  Sure, it needed a renovation, but the owners of the Sanctuary knew that a whitewash would kill the deal.  It still looks old.  Distinguished.  Perfect, really.It's the whole gestalt that matters in this case--not only was a great idea in itself, but I got to see how it played out.  We enjoyed a wedding reception here, one that wouldn't have been authorized in many, many churches (it's up to you to guess why).  The low lighting gave it an almost sepulchral feel, but one that evokes reverence rather than anything sinister.  Elegant.  Serene.  And the staff was always unobtrusive without ever being neglectful.The Sanctuary has retained enough ecclesiastical relics so that recalls its heritage, but it stripped enough away that it never feels oppressively "churchy".  Nor does it have that old church smell.  It should be adaptable to just about anything where you need to entertain a guest list in the low triple digits.  Good for live music too, I'd imagine.  And the floor treatment in the restrooms is way cool.  Strongly recommended--and let's face it, the neighborhood really isn't bad at all.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,3/7/2014,52,246,4,4,3>I think I have a teeny tiny crush...  Maybe it's the way she wears her cap (backwards) or the way she screams at the TV and pounds the bar when the call doesn't go her way.  I'm sure it helped the way she smiled at me, called my honey, and often and attentively asked me how I was doing....  t definitely have to come back to the Chatham Tap!  I stopped in to celebrate and watch the Purdue game.  I wandered in here because of the reviews of my fellow Yelpers!  I wasn't disappointed and this place is a nice cozy pub with really good food.  I tried and recommend the the Lord Byron pizza if you are into hummus and veggies.  According to Brittany S. my doppelgänger hangs here too!  So I have to come back and meet him and see how his life is going so far!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,3/6/2014,140,444,1,9,5>OOOOK, I am sooooo excited to be the first to review this GEM of a consignment store!!  Now that is out of my system, onto my review.Consigned by Design located in Geist (and now Fishers as well - 1000 MORE SF), is AMAZING.  It is affordable pieces with an amazing staff and the store is well organized and not too overwhelming despite the INSANE amount options.  I was so surprised b/c sometimes when you hear "Geist," you may also hear "stupid expensive" but after a full day of exploring consignment stores around the northside, I had this store on my radar if we didn't find exactly what we were looking for.  We definitely didn't. I was looking for bedroom pieces that inspire me that I wanted to LOVE.  I didn't want to buy from a big box store with "matchy match" pieces. I wanted detailed, well made, interesting furniture that I would look at and fall in love with each time I saw it and make others say "Where did you get that?!?!"  I just really could not find exactly what I wanted as we perused through multiple stores.  But literally 10 seconds within walking into Consigned by Design, we SPOTTED the most beautiful long oversized dresser with plenty of drawers and cabinet in the front.  It was a lighter wood but SOLID like a rock...and it came with a stunning mirror.  It was Lexington furniture and extremely well made.  I was in love immediately.  Fell.  Hard.  It was on the last "mark down" and would have been moved out the store if it didn't sell. We put it on hold while we shopped around for more pieces and in 15 more minutes, my hubby spotted two shabby chic end tables (matching!!) that went well with the dresser.I am dying over this store.  I continued to shop and saw so many other fun opportunities to begin redecorating my home. It was absolutely inspiring!  Whoever puts the designs together is doing an amazing job.There is always something interesting to look at in this store. I have been back twice and love it.  There were women fighting over a stunning purple couch and when we went to pick up the dresser, someone was eyeing it (hoping we wouldn't show - no luck for her!).  I can't imagine ever walking in and seeing NOTHING I would not like.I love that they post pics on Facebook. I saw something yesterday I really want and may go look at. :)  It is so fun to dream about how those pieces will fit into my home.I cannot imagine how amazing the Fishers location must be.  Between the staff, the incredibly reasonable prices and the options available, it's absolutely worth a stop in!  If you are just wondering what's out there even if you don't need anything, stop in anyway!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,3/5/2014,53,118,3,9,7>The drinks are amazing here!  Some of the best drinks that I have had aren't on the menu they are invented by the bartenders (mixologist).  Every food item I have tried has blown me away too!  You cannot come here and not get the Bacon Flight (you are welcome for that tip).  The service is outstanding as well.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.  I would say this is one of my top 5 places in Indy that you HAVE to check out.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,3/4/2014,33,82,1,6,7>Third time was definitely the charm for Dig IN. Instead of getting all mad about parking, I headed for my designated area, and was to the main gate in no time. I proceeded to make a complete fool out of myself, having a wonderful time tasting delicious food and having a personal goal of trying all the wineries (accomplished, whoo hoo!). The hard cap on the tickets made for a much less crowded experience (some lines I tore through too fast, having not finished the plate from the booth before!) and the heat was on, but there was abundant water, and I even got to hear about how Eskanazi Health has a food initiative that is so awesome that I want to go and just watch. An apothecary garden, I think my heart skipped a beat at that phrase. So yes, go, love, eat, and love some more!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,3/3/2014,21,136,1,6,5>I will be eternally grateful to Kim for practically reinventing the wheel with my wedding dress. I ordered my dress on Etsy. It was a custom dress, and while the details were perfect, there was one major issue--it was kind of a mermaid dress, and I wanted it to be A-line. Oh no.Kim was able to work unbelievable magic to make my dress what I wanted it. She was always positive and encouraging, even when I thought it looked like a disaster. The only downside to my experience was that it took a lot of appointments (maybe around 7-8?), and some of the appointments didn't really accomplish anything and felt like a waste. However, my situation is complicated, so I'm not going to hold it against Kim!The sum of alterations included changing the shape (both letting the bottom out and bringing the top in), lining the straps, and adding a bustle. The cost was $300, which I thought was more than reasonable. I also asked Kim to make my veil after trying on several that she had made. The cost for the veil was around $50, which I also found to be very reasonable.The whole experience was far more personalized (and cheaper) than what you'd get at a typical bridal alterations shop. I did a lot of research to find someone suited for such an important task, and I would totally recommend Kim, the sewing lady, to anyone with similar needs!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,3/2/2014,33,34,1,8,5>1st time eating here. I am soo happy to find another Indian restaurant so close too where I live.It is located in a strip mall. Once you walk into the place, your eyes will relax and your heart take a sigh of relief.  The decor is great as you look around you will find more things too look at. Btw the men's restroom is huge.Now the food. We had the buffet. Which I have too say was top notch. There is a 6 meat option and tons of veg options. The rice pudding is nice and thick, I love it that way.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,3/1/2014,77,219,1,9,5>Average joes lives up perfectly to it's name. The bar is very average, which is not always a bad quality. At Joes, you get wait staff that remember you, actually visit your table to get you new drinks, and you get prices that are extremely reasonable. There are dart boards and pool tables, but no dance floor. Most is the time there is music playing from jukebox selections, but on rare nights they have a DJ. If you're looking for a dance club, walk next door to one of the sister establishments. Mineshaft saloon is a low key dance club, while rock lobster is much higher energy and packed with people. If you happen to get hungry at joes, they had really cheap bar food. Depending on the night, you might find $1 tacos or a wing special, etc. the food is not amazing quality by any means, but it meets the typical bar standard at below average prices. Bottom line, joes is a great place to start your night or just casually hangout with friends.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,2/28/2014,141,328,1,9,6>This summer, I went to RoofTop Thursdays about 3 times, close toward the end of the season. I always enjoyed myself and its an great view of the downtown area. There is usually a DJ and drinks for purchase. There sometimes is a host of the night such as the alumni chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha one night I attended. One time, there was free shots from a liquor company. I think as the weather is warmer and university classes are not in session, there are more people in attendance. I liked it and will be there next year, God willing.  Entry was free. Just take the elevator to the 5th floor on top the Regions Building.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,2/27/2014,93,169,2,9,6>I purchased a Murder Mystery Groupon and used it a couple of weeks ago. It's definitely an adventure: prepare yourself for a long fun-filled evening. Also, don't be afraid of strangers because you get pretty close and cozy. There are four acts and between each act you receive a difference course of food. The food is delicious!!  I loved how many of the audience members receive parts to the play! I would recommend this event!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,2/26/2014,30,203,1,6,5>Mikie's is in a corner of this little strip mall.  The location itself has been through numerous incarnations.  The interior was once divided by a cumbersome wall and left an absence of a free flowing feeling.  It's now open and the bar itself is inviting to sit at.  Plenty of seats.  2 pool tables are to the left and 4-5 dart boards are just past.  Mikie's offers plenty of on tap drafts both local and domestic.  They always have top shelf liquor and the one beertender who's served me is very friendly.  Mikie's offers plenty to eat.  Maybe too many choices.  I'm sure the menu is over 150 offerings.  Steak, ribs, chicken, Mexican, wings, salads, pizza, seafood...Tried the wings again tonight.  Sweet BBQ this trip.  I asked to fry the wings extra long.  That's the trick.  Crunchy and comparable to other wings in the area.  I'll be back to whet my whistle.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,2/25/2014,39,45,,5,3>Probably the best sandwich in Fountain Square. Can't go wrong with any of the Po Boy's. My favorite as of right now is the fried shrimp with remoulade sauce and the sweet potato fries. I've only been once but am itching to go back. The place is pretty small inside so going during lunch may have you standing or sitting outside. Pretty solid craft beer selection also but if that doesn't do it for ya Fountain Square Brewery is right across the street. Another perk! Looking for a great sandwich in the area this is your spot.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,2/24/2014,265,331,1,11,4>Loved it. Had the "Mexican Benedict" and though there was no hollandaise, there was really fresh salsa. I loved this dish. The place was packed, and looked clean (well other than the table that had just had two high chairs w/ messy little ones) and well run. Friendly staff and a great addition to this part of town. They move traffic quickly (most appreciated when it's morning and you're hungry) and the management is all class.Seems like they had a little bit of everything. So glad they're here!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,2/23/2014,158,135,4,8,7>I am not sure if I am breaking any Yelp rules by giving Ralston's five giant stars based on their draft menu alone.  We stopped in last Sunday and sat at the beautiful bar. We were in the mood to try something different.  Perusing the menu of beers on tap, the first beer that really stood out to me was my favorite style of beer (a flemish sour ale) was available on tap here!! It is called Monks Cafe and when we lived in Chicago and would go to a place called Hopleaf in our 'hood could only get it in bottles so imagine my excitement when we meander into Ralston's and find it on tap! Other beers I love here are the Gaffel Kolsch.  This is one of my favorite styles of beer, and this is the top of the line, the creme de la creme, of Kolsch beers for me.  So clean and pure and crisp, and soooo refreshing on a hot summer day.Wait-I am not done- Another one I LOVE is The Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale which is amazing! (They also have their Stout as well) They also have the local guys likes Sun King.  The taps are rotated but some beers are regularly on the menu.The person that runs this bar and has selected the beers on tap does an AMAZING job.The taps represent so many different styles of beer as well as including the locals as well as the imported.  We didn't eat here and I literally do not care what the food is like.Come here for the beer. Also-as far as service we were here on a Sunday and it was pretty quiet.  Sitting at the bar is a good way to go as the bartender there was extremely attentive. Also-when it's hot out the A/C is cranked which is another plus.  I like enjoying my alcohol in air conditioning.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,2/22/2014,90,62,,6,2>Great original live music. Stiff cheap drinks. Wonderful patrons and staff. Each night is a different genre of music...Tuesdays are DJ's, Wednesdays/Thursdays all types of rock. Friday- Hillbilly Happy hour early show and then Rock shows. Punk rock night on Saturday night. Comedy once a month on Mondays. This is such a welcoming environment and eclectic group of patrons. Everyone feels like they are part of the Melody Inn family when they step through the doors. You can belly up to the bar, grab a high table, snuggle into a cozy booth, go to the PBR back room for a quieter place, or enjoy the beer garden where folks can smoke.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,2/21/2014,195,303,1,11,8>We got carry out lunch from Tlaolli the second day they were open and oh mama were these tamales good!  Please note - this place is very vegan and vegetarian friendly!  I tried the vegetarian cheese poblano tamale, as well as the vegan bean tamale - both were amazing.  I also tried the salsa verde, which comes with a small portion of chips, and it was great as well.  Extra good with the bean tamale.  They also have a sandwich made with soy chorizo - I can't wait to try it out!The customer service here was also exceptional.  A co-worker went to pick up lunch for three of us, and when she got there she found out they were not yet accepting credit card (the form of payment we had sent with her).  Instead of having her leave to get cash, they insisted she take the order and just come back with payment ($18 for three meals!) the next day.  They wanted us to be able to enjoy our lunch on that day, and not worry about our food getting cold, so they went with the honor system.  If the food hadn't won me over, that move certainly would have.  Five thumbs up for this new east side gem!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,2/20/2014,16,56,1,6,4>This is the best Chicago style pizza in Indy.  If you're looking for a deep dish pie made like your favorites from Giordano's, Gino's, or Lou Malnati's in the Windy City you have come to the right place.We usually make the trip to South of Chicago Pizza once a month for their lunch buffet.  It consists of three types of pizza; one Bacon, one Basil Tomato, and if I can remember one type of mixed meat.  For me personally both of the meat based pizzas were overloaded with meat (although my coworkers love them).  Personally I go for the Tomato Pizza and it's really difficult to not eat 4 or more pieces.The interior is rather small and doesn't make use of their seating area very well.  Their cramped hole in the wall style leaves a little to desire as far as ambiance goes, but it is more than comfortable for a pizza lunch.Be warned this place is addicting and will make your normal delivery pizza taste even more like cardboard.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,2/19/2014,35,96,1,11,4>I initially joined Peak Performance because it was reasonably priced and the only gym in the area that didn't seem like Douche City.  I ended up remaining a member for 2 years until I moved too far away because the place is an incredible gym.  The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful, and Andrew knows every single person that walks in by name.  The organization and layout of the place could not be better, and the entire workout area is spacious and comfortable.  I cannot recall a single time there that I had to wait to use anything. The cost of membership includes a huge range of classes, from yoga to Zumba to kick boxing, and they also offer day care/babysitting for all you fit mamas and papas.  The only negative thing I have to say about it is that it ruined other gyms for me. When I had to find a new gym, none could live up to Peak. There's a reason it's been voted the best gym in Indy 3 years in a row.  If you're in the area and looking for a gym to join, this is your place.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,2/18/2014,78,198,2,4,3>I'm a big fan of Flat 12. They make some pretty great beers, and a lot of it. They always have something interesting in the tap room. Sometimes even too interesting, but that's half the fun. Their house beers are all solid, with their Pogues Run Porter and Walkabout Pale Ale as the best two. The favorite specialty that I've had is the Pinko. I really think it compared pretty well to Dark Lord. The staff in the tasting room is always friendly, and it's a good place to hang out for a bit. They are one of the best of the local breweries so don't miss it.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,2/17/2014,42,253,1,8,3>My sister is having breast augmentation later this summer and has chosen Dr. Turkle to finally perform her dream come true!  I went with her to her consult and wow!  The whole entire staff at Turkle and Associates could not be more friendly and fun while still being completely professional.  Their office is huge!  Clean, super nice interior with modern decor and comfy chairs and couches in the waiting room.  One side of their offices are used for consults and such and the other is for Phases, which is their skin care and laser center.  Invasive medical procedures are performed at Carmel Surgery Center.  They use the newest equipment in their skin care center and they also use a very cool software for implants, nose jobs, and chin restructuring that allows you to upload your photo and then see how you will look afterwards. Dr. Turkle and her staff go over every aspect of your procedure including interesting factoids about the "medical device" they will be implanting, pros/cons, the procedure itself, before and after care, costs, etc. My sister had a notebook page filled with questions that Dr. Turkle patiently and thoroughly answered.  While not really my thing, I would recommend Turkle & Associates to anyone who might be considering any kind of plastic surgery procedure or non-invasive skin care procedure. Consults are a mere $50 and they never once pressured my sis to schedule an appointment or suggest she need anything other than her requested procedure.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,2/16/2014,27,107,,4,3>After getting take out from this fine establishment several times within the past year, I am going to bump the rating to a 5.  This is as good as it gets for Chinese take out.  I have tried several items on the menu and all are very tasty, hot, and fresh.  This place is hopping on a Friday and Saturday night, and there is a reason.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,2/15/2014,99,73,1,8,5>What most of us love about Mass Ave is the variety - go paint pottery, have a few martini's, then stumble down to 45 Degrees.  45 Degrees is a very trendy place.  Good music is always playing.  They are lucky enough to have a patio so sit outside if it is nice.The menu is awesome.  There is a separate sheet full of sushi and different rolls.  Don't be afraid, order what sounds good.  The spring rolls are rather tasty.  We love the Corona Roll!  Recently tried the pad thai, not too bad.  The spicy tuna roll is always good and be brave - try the roll they set on fire.  The thai roll is covered in thai sauce that is spicy and sweet.  The best - the bacon brownie a la mode.  Who ever would have thought that bacon in a brownie would be good?  One bite and you taste the smoke of the bacon, the sweet of the brownie and the cool ice cream.  Amazing!Sunday night is half price sushi!  A screaming deal.  Saturdays after 10 it's $3 Skyy and the DJ kicks up the jams.For sure stop in for a great time.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/14/2014,35,98,,9,4>Incredible first time visit!  Documents for first time patients are on the web site as PDFs which makes that fast and easy. There are three doctors in the practice. Dr Eads starts appointments at 6:45 AM!!I saw Dr Eads with a 6:45 appointment. I had two moles removed from my hairline and had him look at another spot. I was out of the office by 7:00AM. Incredibly fast and efficient unlike any doctor visit ever. Their practice covers skin, hair, and nails. If you've got a mole or a funky spot on your skin and you've been meaning to have someone look at it, wait no further, go see these guys.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,2/13/2014,66,163,,8,3>On 8/31/2012, I wrote a 2star review for this place. "I keep trying this place once a year for the last 4 yrs.  It is constantly changing depending on the times of day or night.  Bad service and inconsistent food. This place is truly disappointing."After 2 recent visits, I'm deleting that review.  IMO, this restaurant has moved from 2 to 5 stars.  I really don't know if it's just owner change, management change or what, but someone is now running the show that knows how.  The menus are great, service & food are consistent.  It's all good!We had lunch there again yesterday.  The service was fast & efficient.  The servers were very helpful.  -And our lunch was incredible!Spicy chili pork dumplingsBBQ pork turnovers - dim sumEgg drop soup - very flavorful & small bowl is hugeSzechwan chicken-spicy red sauce w/some veggies & served with rice-huge portionChef special of rice noodles w/duck, veggies & egg-very flavorfulMakes me hungry just talking about it.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,2/12/2014,83,198,3,7,5>Cerulean is an absolutely beautiful space - modern, open, bright, and very welcoming.  The first thing you'll notice is a large wooden igloo/cave/nest sculpture a few feet from the entrance.  Not only is is a pretty awesome feat of carpentry/sculpture, but it actually hides a few dining tables inside!  Next time I may request to sit in the wooden igloo sculpture. The drink menu is excellent - a large wine list (divided by "Old World" and "New World"), craft spirits (no Smirnoff or Jim Beam here) accompanied by a handful of cocktails, and a very respectable beer list.  I will note that there was no draft beer on tap, but they make up for it with a solid list of regional (Founders), West Coast (Stone), and Eurpoean (Sam Smith, Duval) brews.  My only complaint here is that they didn't have any local Indianapolis brews available. On to the food...  Its been three days since I ate at Cerulean and I still can't get the short ribs out of my head.  I know that short ribs are pretty good by default, but WOW these we're better than short rib dishes I've had at Michelin star restaurants.  I definitely recommend the short ribs above anything else.  The appetizers are great because their relatively cheap ($4) and you can try a few different dishes (try the cauliflower frites).  The dessert menu is pretty diverse, we went with the mango passion and were not disappointed.  Overall, the food is solid and you probably can't go wrong if you're on the adventurous side. I am actually surprised that I haven't heard more hype about Cerulean, it can hang with the best in Indy and is a welcome addition to the foodie scene.  A great choice for work, friends, family, or a date!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,2/11/2014,730,209,4,11,10>For a first timer hearing about this place, I wasn't expecting to walk into a classy upscale burger place. Very nice decor and a wall for their menu. I wanted something sweet and tangy so I got their aloha burger and added pepper jack cheese. What I got was a sweet tangy hot mess of gooeyness covered in cheese. Waffle fries are Indiana state fair quality. Sweet potato tots are fun and yummy. Loved the local art on the wall for sale. My favorite thing to see in Indy. The local flair! This place is a must to enjoy by far the best burger around.... ;)
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,2/10/2014,47,347,,6,4>IND was the first airport built after September 11th and it shows in its design. It is a vast improvement over the old airport, but it still has somethings to work on.Security: IND is used as a testing site for new policies. Yes thats right, we had the body scanners prior to the underwear bomber. But we also had TSA PreCheck prior to many major airports, including ATL.IND is one of the easiest airports in terms of security to go through.Food: As many have said before, it is very lacking and for me, it is extremely lacking in Gluten Free Options.The only restaurant that still exists from the old airport is McDonalds, which isn't really a bad thing. I would recommend just eating prior to coming to the airport.   Overall Atmosphere: it is very wide and open compared to older airports. It is also very bright and relaxing for an airport.Flight Selections: IND is not a hub, so you are most likely going to end up with a connection through a hub. Going/coming west can be tricky. I always seem to loose half a day somewhere.Parking: they keep messing with the onsite parking. There is now only either the garage, which is over priced, and the economy lot. They have also recently added and frequent parking program, so it should be interesting to see how that turns out. Offsite there is the Park &Fly Lot.Rental Cars: They are now conveniently located in the garage and they recently just opened up a gas station at the airport entrance.Lounges: IND is smaller than most airports, but at least there is a Delta Sky Club! If you have the Platinum Amex and are flying on Delta, you are granted access that day.Taxi Service: it can be expensive to get to downtown in a cab. It isn't directly downtown. I would suggest using the downtown express bus if you can. IndyGo is also an option, or you can just hire a share limo ride. Sorry, but there is no SuperShuttle to you regular travelers.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,2/9/2014,26,124,1,7,6>My friend and I both hadn't been here because whenever we thought to go, we didn't feel we were dressed nice enough.  Finally on Saturday we decided to go even though we were dressed in our Pacers attire.  It actually turned out that no one cared.  We each ordered a glass of wine.  I liked mine better than my friend like his (he got the Inkberry...mine was someone's name).  It's about $12 per glass in there so I have to think all the wine is pretty good.  We also ordered the sliders with mac and cheese.  These were REALLY good.  I honestly thought that my friend was going to go back for dinner every night the following week (and I haven't actually followed up to make sure this didn't happen).  We ordered them medium rare and they were cooked exceptionally.  I'm not that huge of a mac and cheese fan but that was actually pretty good too! We decided to skip getting a cocktail and headed to a bar after we finished our drinks and food but it was a nice experience.  There is a fire up there and some lounge like chairs along with high top tables and bar stools.  It's not a very large place and I heard it gets pretty crowded but it seemed very cozy and had just the right amount of people if you ask me.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,2/8/2014,70,106,2,5,9>Whewy! I'm a fan of the Humane Society! I adopted my adorable kitty cat from the Humane Society of Indianapolis about a month ago and it was the best decision I ever made. I'd never been to the shelter before, but when I arrived I immediately felt welcome and excited to be there. It was a clean and happy atmosphere and the animals looked really well taken care of.  I'm not a huge dog person, so I guess I can't speak for the dog section, but the cat section was awesome. There were cages for some cats as well as free spaces for the cats to roam.  Each animal also had a really great description which included a bit about their personality as well as how old they were and how long they'd been in the shelter. There were also "staff favorites" meaning you could adopt the animals for only $15! Great deals for great little animals. When I decided on Chewy - who is now named Giovanni - the helpful volunteer was able to read me his entire history - both medical and personal. She told me a little bit about his life pre-Humane Society and also all procedures, shots, etc that he'd had while staying at the Humane Society.  They have a great little store where you can buy competitively priced pet toys, food, supplies, etc which was a great addition. They also give you one month of pet insurance and have followed up asking me how kitty cat is doing. I'm a huge supporter of adopting from shelters .... not pet stores... so I was glad to support this amazing organization that does so much for Indy's furry friends. If I had more space/time/money, you know I'd adopt about 10 more cats. For now, it's just me and Gio, but if in the future we decide we'd like to add another kitty to our litter, Indy Humane Society is the first place I'll go.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,2/7/2014,70,201,,6,3>There is a reason there is always a line out the door along the Monon... this is by-far the best burger in the city (maybe one of the best I've ever had, but my memory isn't good enough to make that sort of assertion).The burgers are all very flavorful and the portions are extremely generous. All of the weights are as-served, so you're eating 1/4-1 lb of cooked burger! I have never walked out of Bub's feeling less than stuffed. The meat is well seasoned and the buns are buttered, you really can't get better.The ice cream is also amazing. I highly recommend everything! Deal with the hype, deal with the line, there is a very good reason it's popular.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,2/6/2014,129,314,4,9,9>Right when I think I've seen it all here in Indy I'm proven wrong.. And ooooo how I LOVE it! This place is first and foremost a juice bar. They list their juices by the ailment the juice is supposed to help remedy (Fight cold, fight stress, insomnia, liver issues, anemia.. Etc). As far as beverages they also offer milkshakes/smoothies, coffee, aguas frescas. Then they have fruit salads, cocktails (a bionico is a special Mexican fruit salad). Then.. They have flan, cakes and yogurt parfaits to round out the sweets. As far as savory eats they offer tortas and sincronizadas (or as they are known in 'Merica as quesadillas). The fruit is fresh, the place is new and clean and the people do speak English though the menu is not fully translated. Juice: 5/5 - They open at 6am?!? Heck yeah forget the morning coffee! Fruit salads: 5/5 - The coconut one I had was just like I love it lime, salt and tajín chile powderTortas: Need to come back to tryService: 4/5Location: 5/5 - Small and clean. It's across from the new IUPUI dorms on W Washington.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,2/5/2014,111,37,2,5,5>We stopped by here for lunch and were very impressed.Our lunch began with the breadsticks - an order of four was perfect for two people, they were lightly brushed with butter and cooked perfectly - slightly crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. The tomato sauce was perfect for dipping.We decided to get personal pizzas, which is perfect for when you can't agree on toppings. I got the Thai Chicken personal pizza and was blown away. It had authentic Thai seasonings - I mean like right from a Thai restaurant authentic, with a great attention to details like sesame seeds on the crust. Loved it.My wife's personal pizza was simpler but just as delicious - it was just a cheese pizza with jalapeños. The cheese was just slightly browned on top, which is how we like it, the crust was perfect (you can choose from thin, hand tossed or pan - we chose hand tossed).Our waitress was friendly, informative and attentive.The only thing that wasn't 100% perfect at this visit was the unsweetened tea, it was a little on the weak side - but it wasn't enough to change my star rating - this place deserved 5 stars. Check this place out - it's a little hard to see from the road, it's behind the gas station near the BBQ place. The decor is rock memorabilia and they have a great selection of local beers and at good prices!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,2/4/2014,26,35,,6,3>Update - It pains me to write this and take Brozinni down a star, as myself and my fiance love this place, but do not order carry out or delivery. The food itself is always good, but it takes forever if you aren't actually eating there. The first time we ordered delivery they told us 40 minutes and the pizza showed up in 60 minutes instead of 40. This was annoying, but we thought maybe they were just busy. The second time we ordered carry out with friends. They told us it would be ready in 45 minutes. So after we showed up (which I admit we were 15 minutes late too, meaning it had been 60 minutes since we ordered), they informed us that our pizza hadn't been started because they ran out of pepperoni. After standing there for ANOTHER 30 minutes, our pizza was finally done and NO, we couldn't get a discount even though we stood in the store for 30 minutes longer than we should have. Here are my issues: 1. If you run out of pepperoni, call the customer and let them know it's going to be longer. Had they called us and let us know not to come in because the pizza was going to take longer, I would have never written this review. 2. Give us a discount. I'm not asking for much, but come on, throw in free breadsticks or something. I worked in customer service for years and it is not ok to make people stand around and waste time.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,2/3/2014,106,123,,9,5>Wait. Let me get this straight. Someone will make me lunch every day of the week if I want them to? And it won't be processed? And I don't have to stand in line or spend an hour flagging down a waitress? I'm sold. Hubby and I sampled their pulled pork, sweet potato mash and bacon-wrapped pear (thank goodness cavemen like meat!) at the Yelp Paleo Party. The pork was OMG tender and the sweet potatoes won my sweet-potato-hating husband over. Completely. (thank you!)I see myself venturing over to pick up a few very very soon... and often.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,2/2/2014,35,104,2,3,2>Locally owned, sophisticated, kid-friendly - pretty hard combination to nail down for a sushi bar.  The salad comes drenched in a wonderful ginger dressing.  We have to order double shrimp shumai to avoid bloodshed.  If you have the stomach for wasabi-style spiciness, try wasabi shumai, just do not bite into it mid-sentence and have water on stand-by.  Surf and turf roll is a favorite with its unusual yet satisfying combination of beef and scallop.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,2/1/2014,68,197,,7,1>I'm sad to be adjusting my review of St. Elmo. I love this place and there are so many good memories here.  It's very sentimental.  We have TWO bricks in the sidewalk.  This has been "our" place for the 11+ years of our marriage.  We used to drive up from Jasper on a Saturday night just to eat here!  We moved to NY and sat in fine places like Peter Luger and raved about St. Elmo.  ... but the last 3 or 4 times we've been here, it just hasn't been up to par.  Grossly undercooked meat.  Sinewy ribeyes or prime rib.  Standoffish service.  It's so very disappointing.  We aren't cheap.  We don't drink alcohol, but we add sides and always have dessert and coffee.  We tip extremely well.  I'm not sure why the service has waned so much, but instead of being well cared for, we've felt like an inconvenience.  The last time happened to be around Devour Downtown, but we weren't ordering off of that menu.  We were there for my birthday.  I felt like the food and service were really adversely affected.  It wasn't until recently that we had a come-to-jesus about it and decided we wanted to start looking elsewhere to drop $300 on a steak dinner.  Super sad.!! ETA !!  The general manager of St. Elmo did reach out to me after reading this review and I really appreciate that he took my issues seriously.  For that gesture, I've upgraded them to 4-stars.  We'll return one day and will hope for the experiences we are used to.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,1/31/2014,30,118,5,6,4>YOUR HEAD ESPLODE FROM DERE MEATS! Seriously, a deli this mighty and mean gracing the means streets of Greenwood seemed impossible. However, the sun has shined brightlyon this place. I dare you not to each this place and have your sense pleased to euphoric amounts. Much love Gandolfo's.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/30/2014,185,178,1,11,7>I love music. And I love, adore and worship records. Yeah, vinyl. I always have and always will. Scratches, crackles & pops while listening to my albums? Doesn't bother me one iota.I can't even begin to explain my giddy excitement when I was driving down 135 South one day recently and saw the "Vinyl" sign. I nearly wrecked.This store is absolutely awesome. If you collect vinyl, just started buying vinyl, or are interested in purchasing a turntable (also sold here) so that you can begin buying & listening to records then THIS IS YOUR PLACE! I've been here a few times now, taken my time perusing the vinyl, and made new & used record album purchases at what I feel are very reasonable prices. Plus, I keep forgetting to ask the owner, but I believe he uses some special machinery on each & every used record to restore it into practically new condition. All of the used vinyl I've purchased sounds great. Not to mention, the album covers being in excellent condition and the album cover being enclosed in a protective sleeve. The owner (an extremely nice and humble guy) has a FB page for his shop which I highly recommend following because he has daily posts listing the new inventory that he's taken in and he posts some really cool songs/videos. If any of this interests you (I hope so) then check this place out!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/29/2014,130,167,1,6,5>I recently had the awesome opportunity to do the Indiana Wine Trail with some friends in the party bus. Now, I've always been a little wary of wineries... mostly because I get bored easily and I'd much rather have a good craft beer any day, BUT this experience was far from bland. I can wholeheartedly say that I have never had a better time visiting wineries in my life. Our driver was fantastic and very accommodating. The sound system and amenities in the bus were top notch. The fact that we could drink wine (and wine cocktails) while traveling between wineries (not to mention dance to our favorite 90s songs) was phenomenal. We had a group of 7 people plus a photographer. I think he said the bus can hold ~14. Honestly, it was nice at 8. I think it would still be great (space wise) with up to 10. I would definitely recommend this experience to any group. I also feel like a Indiana brewery tour would be just as amazing.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,1/28/2014,60,619,6,7,4>Very good food.  Like really good.Loud.  Very loud.Lots of children.  Lots of them.And the service was friendly but, well, kind of awful.  Everyone who works here is very young.  And if they don't know the stuff on the drink menu, it's understandable, but servers should know what's on the drink menu, right?  Or explanations of the craft cocktails should be on the menu.  And servers should know the difference between an appetizer and an entree,  The food you eventually get is quite good, but you can decide if it's worth the noise and the (generally) poor service.  (We were told a featured item was an entree, but it was really an appetizer -- and a truly excellent one at that.)And back to a pet peeve.  The place is split into a bar side and a restaurant side, and I can understand (sort of) having TVs in the bar.  But sitting in the restaurant and watching Guy Fieri and ESPN being broadcast seemed a little unnecessary.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/27/2014,287,451,1,9,5>It's been a little over a year since we've been here and this is our 6th visit.  The menu usually has at least one, if not a couple, seasonal vegetarian options. The menu changes frequently to keep it fresh but I'm not sure if it's quarterly or what the schedule is. Several things I've had in the past are no longer available so they must have been seasonal or not popular items. When my husband doesn't get one of their specials he goes for the Brewpub burger which is his favorite. It's a basic hamburger but he loves the flavor, not from spices but the actual flavor of the meat and grilled onions. The burger is grilled with a slightly crisp exterior and tender on the inside plus it's never been greasy. He orders the burger medium but it's usually closer to well but doesn't complain since the inside is tender and juicy. The French fries are always a hit as is or with one of the tasty dipping sauces.  Several of the sandwich dipping sauces are terrific with the fries and they'll bring out a sample for you. The beer sampler is nice especially if you have several drinking beer. The consistency and quality of the beer has improved now that their in their groove. We've always had good service with one time being mediocre but not bad! Her focus was on refilling beers not soda's or water.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/26/2014,133,150,7,12,6>Maybe it's because I'm old, maybe I'm a snob and have been spoiled by knowing people in "the industry", but I don't really like attending concerts with general admission anymore.  I hate the crowds, the sweaty bodies bumping into me, having my beer spilled or having beer spilled on me, not being able to see the band, or people bitching because I'm tall and they can't see the band.  So basically, I am a misanthrope who likes music.  This is why the Vogue is great.  While it is general admission, I can walk up the stairs to the upper floor and grab a seat right next to the balcony, grab a seat right next to the balcony overlooking the stage and the main floor and enjoy the show.  No drunken idiots to ruin my night, and all the experience of "being there".  I am a fan.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,1/25/2014,239,182,2,8,6>When I first heard of this place opening I was hessitent. At that time there was Eagle Creek Coffee (just down the block, newly taken over by the Dolce Vita crew) not to mention a S'Bucks up the street so I was skeptical about the place's ability to stick around.Now I have tried the coffee....Forget all my worries.This is GREAT FRICKIN COFFEE!Bcak to basics, no muss just great coffee. Darrin and family do offer Iced coffees and coffee based drinks but this place gets the base of all of those (the coffee) right.Darrin himself roasts all the coffees and has a passion for it that is addictive. I typically hate going anywhere in the morning for coffee where I have to get out of my car (lazy..I know) but I will do whatever it takes to get a cup of Darrin's coffee.Now, when writing this review I initially gave it a 4/5 stars, my reason being the decor of the shop is so-so and I wish it was comfier, but after trying the coffee I dont care if it was sold out of the back of a primer gray van...this is DAMN GOOD COFFEE! and not to mention that Darrin and his family are very friendly and welcoming.My Suggestion (mentioned in a previous review for Myy Sugar Pie)Saturdays during the summer months, go to the Zionsville Farmers Market (June - Sept) get a cup of Darrins Coffe from either their booth at the Farmers Market or his shop just down the street (within walking distance) and then get a slice (any flavor) of pie from My Sugar Pie...this is the best way to start a morning in the village...you will not be disappointed!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,1/24/2014,23,8,8,27,8>I was on my way from work I when I stopped at a gas station to use the restroom. My car keys fell out of my pocket and into the sewer. Even if I could get them I would not work. It as so gross and so bad that I was like "no way, This can not be happening to me right now". I was so tired. My last shift was so long. We had a lot of crap to work with. I called the dealer ship for a replacement keys. It was going to be a fortune and I would have to go to them. The only way I could do that is by spending tons of money on a taxi. The attendant at the gas station recommended that I call his buddy Dorin. He sent an auto locksmith over to set me up with a new set of keys. He came to me and it was a nice flat rate. It was really convenient. It took more time than I was quoted to me but that was ok. I got my keys and moved on with my life.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,1/23/2014,77,113,3,6,6>I'm soo glad that Indy finally has a bookstore, and one that supports such a worthy cause (it's run by volunteers and all proceeds go to help fund literacy projects in Indy). I can never walk in here without finding something to take home, they definitely have something for everyone (the kids books are ONLY $1!).Recently I helped organize an event with my favorite yelper (Heather H.) and all the proceeds we raised came back to help our favorite book store, plus they graciously allowed us to use their space as the kick off for our pub crawl, provided Sun King beer for our our guests AND allowed us to get in author to come in and speak. How cool is that?
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,1/22/2014,69,61,7,10,6>Holy cow. We FINALLY have an actual ice cream parlor in the city. AND it's in my neighborhood. AND *drumroll* it isn't another froyo place.. it's actual handscooped hard ice cream. JACKPOT! Seriously, though.. this is what I think EVERYONE in this area has wanted for awhile- an actual place to get handscooped ice cream. There is no drive up, you have to actually get out of your car and go in. Imagine that if you will. No blizzards/flurries/concretes at this place. Nope. Just good old fashioned sundaes/floats/splits/cones. And hot dogs and grilled cheese if you're HUNGRY. Oh, and BUBBLE TEA. Seriously, can you NOT see the awesomeness of this place yet? So on to my experience- out of boredom (I honestly had planned on going in, but knew it would be PACKED the first few days) I took the kids and checked it out. We parked in the rear (AMPLE parking) and entered through the back entrance. There was a reasonable crowd- but we got our ice cream in about ten minutes. The decor is awesome and very kid friendly. They offer spoons for "tastes" (which was what nearly half the people in front of me were doing) which is awesome, considering they have A TON OF FLAVORS. Both kids settled on the mint ice cream which was (if I remember correctly) a mint base with grasshopper cookies and andes mint chocolates. I ordered the oreo on a waffle cone and nearly died. From the awesomeness. And how much did we pay for this? $7 and change. That's half of what I'd pay at a froyo shop for the three of us. That's less than what I'd pay at DQ (and a hell of a lot tastier). So THAT right there tells you WHY you should check this place out!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,1/21/2014,18,90,,5,4>There is nothing new i can say about this place that has not already been said. yats is an indy institution in my opinion. Having tried almost all their dishes and offerings i can say that they know what they doing to entice your taste buds. From the maque choux to jambalaya and everything in between in tasty. At these prices it is also a very reasonable place to eat for great taste and super fast service.My co-workers and i have almost unanimously voted to eat here multiple times for office lunches.When i have had friends from other places try it, most have fallen in love with it and asked to be taken back. I have been to new orleans and i realized that yats has truly perfected the art of making cajun food and is better than most places i had been to over there.overall, this neighborhood hole in the wall has now become a roaring chain in indy but its good to see that the quality has remained the same, though the portion size seems to keep going down on a consistent 3 month basis. The day i will ever dock stars for them is when at 8 bucks they stop filling me up with a sense of satisfaction.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,1/20/2014,9,51,2,4,5>Disclaimer: I am a dude who knows nothing about flowers.But this was a great place for a man with 0 floral knowledge that had tons of great help. I told them what I had in mind, colors and how much I wanted to spend and they put together an awesome bouquet my finacee loved. They lasted a long time and seemed to be a really fair deal. Great shopping experience in a cool little spot on Mass Ave.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,1/18/2014,54,117,6,6,4>Soooo....went with high expectations. Seems awesome to be able to watch a movie and drink alcohol, and maybe have some dinner! A friend and I went with the intention to have dinner. We probably should have gotten there earlier. Try to get there at least 30 minutes before the movie starts. The theatre itself is very nice! I heard a staff person saying that the parent company had spent $10 mil to rehab it. So here is what happened. We order. I never got my margarita, but it wasn't on our bill. I just see that as some sort of divine intervention. Our food took over an hour to come out, and when it came out it was cold. Even cold, my sweet potato fries were pretty amazing. At the end of the movie, it was basically a fiasco of people trying to pay, etc. We noticed that lots of people never got their food. There was one lady, with four kids, and their food came out just as they were leaving. I mean, lights up, everything. The woman was BITCHING UP A STORM, all while still wearing her 3D glasses(3D movies are only $3 extra!!! Awesome! That is cheaper than anywhere else-I think), I kid you not. I mean, she wouldn't stop. Everyone was staring, because they were actually standing in the aisle. I felt very sorry for the server dude, who is basically getting pubically humiliated, by a WOMAN IN 3D glasses. Good god, lady, give it a rest. We had pretty much decided that we would be there for a while(had to pay with cards), and were munching on the halloween candy I brought in my ginormous purse. At about this time, some manager person comes out, and explains that they had some sort of computer/kitchen glitch tonight. He was repeatedly apologizing to everyone left in the theatre. Long story short, no one had to pay for food. We also got free passes for our next visit. As we were waiting to get our passes from the security guy (IDK, just go with it), I got to listen to someone else complain, and keep repeating the same complaint: "If someone would have just told us, it would have been better." That was my nice, and more eloquent summation of what she was saying. And then the security guard (still, why is this guy handling pr??) would apologize, and she would literally repeat what she had just said. She obviously got her drinks. Move over lady, so I can get my free passes and get out of here!So, this place has definite potential. Servers were very nice, but perhaps a bit green. I heard the person who brought out the bar drinks to the people beside us tell them that she couldn't bring them water, they would have to put their light back on for their actual server. And yes, it is very hard to announce to a whole theatre (or whole building-the manager said there were 1100 people in the building when the kitchen went down) that there is an issue. I don't think I would have minded if they had paused the movie to tell us this, but I have a feeling that some people would have still been throwing fits, all while wearing their 3D glasses. My friend and I are nurses, and I worked in food service for many years. I seriously felt awful for all those servers. I told my friend, "I seriously feel their pain. This would be like a code situation to us-the absolutely worst day you could possibly have at your job."I will be going back. I did give them four stars for giving us free food and passes. Maybe could have been five, but I didn't get my margarita-and I thought the servers should know more about items on the menu. They seemed kinda clueless.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,1/17/2014,150,96,,4,4>Lino's is a great idea in an area that needs something just like it. Great coffee, sandwiches and now Indiana beer! Daredevil, Flat 12, Bier and Sun King on draft when I went last week.  $3.50 pints on Wednesday so there is no reason to not make this a regular stop.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,1/16/2014,100,362,,6,3>Green Bean is awesome. I mean that. I married a meat-and-potato type of guy and, now thanks to GB, he is willingly eating things like fresh beets! Kale! Goat's milk feta cheese! The $35 bin is perfect for us, delivered every other week. We aren't vegetarians and every week seemed too overwhelming. I like that you can customize the items that you receive. That is a total plus in my book. I also like their selection of bulk items -- quinoa, Israeli couscous, wasabi peas, walnuts, whole wheat flour ... you name it, they have it.We live in an apartment downtown but delivery isn't an issue. I put the bin in the hallway on the morning of my delivery day; sometimes I buzz the guy in, sometimes he magically gains entry. I come home after work to a bin of fresh fruits and veggies (plus whatever else I have ordered). The packaging is superb -- I've ordered fish and chicken and it's still frozen when I get home. No worries there. The only caveat is that if you are not used to organic items, they do spoil more quickly because, of course, they are organic. All the more reason to eat up! You have a 4-5 day window during which to customize your box, which is plenty of time to look at your grocery list and see what you can get from GB instead of the grocery store. Customer service is incredible -- one time I didn't receive all of the basil I ordered (I was hoping to make pesto) and they apologized and issued me a credit, no questions asked.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,1/15/2014,91,123,,5,3>I purchased my 2010 Ford Fusion Hybrid here brand new right off the showroom floor and have loved it and this dealership ever since. My experience with their sales staff was like most car dealerships, the sales guy is trying to make enough money to make a living and the dealership needs to keep their doors open. But all in all we got a very good price with minimal fight. They worked with us on our financing thought i ended up going through my personal bank. it was a very easy experience.First i have to say the car is my happiest vehicle purchase ever. I have done my scheduled maintenance and have not had a single out of the ordinary problem except for 1 (and i have 92k miles on it so far). The one problem i had was with the regular started battery. It had been run down so many times (leaving stuff on) that it wouldn't charge anymore. Well like most of us i waited until the last minute to try to find a replacement and the Hybrids don't use the same battery as the standard versions do. I checked at the battery places, all the car part stores and by the time i go to calling the dealership the parts department was closed. One of the sales guys said "just come on up here, we've got one on the lot we can swap it out for". I was up there in 15 minutes (on a sunday by the way) and he swapped it out and installed mine in the parking lot right there!! hows that for service.Now on to their service department. I have had Ben and Trey (service reps) work with me and these guys are on their game!! They are personable, professional and if you keep your service on schedule they build relationships with all of their clients. The will always come talk to you before they do something extra on your vehicle and they work with you on price and your schedule. If you need help getting around while your car is being serviced they will work with you as well. As far as the car work itself, i have had nothing but perfect experiences since i have been coming here. No bad services, no missed items, nothing done wrong. Lastly, why Ford. Well what got me is their story over the past 10 years. When i started looking for a new car my first and biggest point was that Ford did not take any of the bialout money. Instead they started selling their properties, selling internal stock, cutting money back to their upper management and really reinvested into the company and the automobiles they were producing. I truly believe Ford is better than it has been in nearly 60 years!!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,1/14/2014,15,280,3,4,3>I'm not sure I would have even known that Petite Chou was back here if it hadn't been for meeting my sister for wedding invitation ordering at Oliver's Twist next door. We were both hungry, so we just went with what was closest. At 5:00 it was virtually empty, but it filled up quickly as we ate.Having eaten several times at Patachou downtown, it was no surprise that our meal was excellent. Fantastic French onion soup... maybe the best I've ever had. I loved the cocktail I ordered - they call it Grown-Up Cinnamon Toast. It's warm and sweet and does taste exactly like cinnamon toast. My sister got the short ribs and enjoyed them.Our server was probably the best part of the meal. Who doesn't love someone who uses words like "irksome" and "viscous" in normal conversation? She was attentive and funny and gave great suggestions. Yes, Petite Chou is a little pricey, but what else would you expect in fancypants Clay Terrace? I'd say it's worth it for a nice little evening out every once in a while.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,1/13/2014,61,83,2,6,3>Really excited that another east side (east 10th st.) establishment is taking off. I went in on a Sunday during lunch and had a good sandwich and wonderful service. The Bloody Mary is adorned with tons of garnishes, but didn't pack a huge punch. I'm totally okay with this as I feel some Bloody Mary's in this city are all punch and leave me wanting more water than anything else.Bacon infused vodka, as well as other infused liquors, add a special touch to this unassuming spot. Legit people running a legit business on a less than desirable side of town. I will definitely be returning to support!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,1/12/2014,35,80,1,8,3>I recommend this vet to all of my friends. It is the best clinic I have taken any of my pets to. They are genuine, helpful, understanding and dont judge me for my dog's crazy behavior :) The clinic is clean and organized. The vets are professional and knowlegeable. And they are affordable to boot! They truly are the best vet in town!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,1/11/2014,40,100,2,5,2>Slightly quirky, but very tasty and interesting menu selections... makes you want to go back and try every mouth watering and intriguing option. Not to mention see what super hero brings you the bill next visit!We had:Bruschetta - Parmesan and mozzarella melted on pita with tomato, garlic, red onion, and more garlic. Very tasty, loved it!Buffalo Tempeh. Zesty tempeh filet in a pine nut garlic hot sauce with wilted spinach and quinoa. $15.49. Good but a tad bland. Would try something different next time.Torta Ahogada. Pulled pork with sauteed onions and peppers, ahogada sauce and banana peppers. $10.79, Came with sweet potato fries and a wonderful dipping sauce. VERY Tasty! Definitely would order again.Chicken in Cilantro Pesto. Linguini in cream sauce with mushrooms, zucchini, and broccoli. $12.99 VERY Tasty as well!! Creamy without being too over bearing like some pasta sauces can be. Could use just a bit more mushrooms... but I love mushrooms!Dessert - some type of avocado orange cake. I liked the taste, but it was a dense and heavy cake... again, good, but I prefer a light and fluffy cake. Just my personal preference. LOVE that this is not your run of the mill, fit into any certain category, very good and very different food selections. Can't wait to try more and more!Service was Excellent! Polite, engaged, attentive, understanding, but not over bearing. Actually some of the best service I have had in quite a while! Thank you!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/23/2013,1/10/2014,5,42,,4,2>Was early for an appointment and it was lunch time, so I spotted Jason's and thought I would give it a try.  It was right at the lunch hour, and the place was doing good business, but not packed.  Menu was not posted on the wall, instead you have to pick up a printed menu at the order station, which slowed me down and made me rush my choice, but the order-taker was pleasant and efficient.I see that the place emphasizes "organic" and "natural" food, which carries no weight for me, but aside from the fact that it usually means higher prices is not a negative either.I ordered a Smokey Jack Panini (turkey, avocado, bacon, Russian Dressing).  The sandwich and some chips were delivered promptly to my table.  Although there was plenty of turkey (which was tender) and I could see the bacon, if I was blindfolded and eating this I do not think I would have known there was Bacon or avocado present.  The turkey did not have a lot of flavor either.  The size of the sandwich was just right for a lunch, and the chips were nice and fresh.I will consider returning here if I am in the vicinity and giving the salad bar a try, but I will not make a special trip.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,1/9/2014,52,67,2,7,4>I can always count on Yats for a fast cheap meal (under $10 w/a drink & a nice lil tip for the staff)  that will fill me up!  But beyond that I can honestly say that the flavor and preparation is on point!  The rice is always cooked to perfection, the bread perfectly toasted and appropriately buttered up and seasoned, and the spinach-mushroom etoufee never ever disappoints.  A meal at Yats is consistently good!I usually have at least 1/4 of my meal left over . . . but since I'm currently "eating for 2" (a phrase & mindset my doctor has warned against!) I polished off my whole meal this time.If you're a Yats first-timer don't be afraid to ask for a sample at the counter! I often sample new menu items that I haven't tried in the past -- but keep coming back to my old faithful (spinach mushroom etoufee)!I have no interest in reading nutrition information for any of the dishes at Yats...all that bread, white rice, and gooey gooey goodness on top.  Its a once-in-a-while treat and I sure do enjoy it!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,1/8/2014,295,229,4,4,4>I've been here a few times, and needless to say, I was a little bleary/worse for wear & tear. (Steph D & Britt S can attest). Let's be honest, at my first SOBER time at La Margarita, I was extremely pleased with the outcome of the meal. First of all, pretty lady/OG blue haired badass Stephenie at the bar suggested mojito margaritas, which were on summer special for $6. All I can say is wow to those. Fresh muddled mint combined with margarita. I really like that LM gives you three salsas. We ordered the guacamole app, and while a little odd with the not smashed, but diced avocado situation, it was truly delicious especially topped with the green salsa from the chip basket. I had the three carne asada tacos. They were prepared well, juicy and seasoned nicely. I do have to say by this point I had eaten about 6 avocados so I was pretty full, struggling to find my inner Joey Chestnut, and eat these three tacos. The plate comes with this super rice and more guac. I managed to get through it, and could feel my food baby kicking by the time our server brought the check and I finished my second mojito marg. I loved La Margarita. All components including patio space, service, drinks, and food made me so happy that I could have taken a food induced coma nap.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,1/7/2014,30,79,,5,2>5 stars for exceeding expectations for Chinese take-out!Placing the order by phone was easy. Delivery was estimated to take 45 minutes and arrived in 25! And the crab rangoons, pork dish, beef dish and short ribs we got were delicious with good quality meats and veggies. Will be ordering again in the future!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,1/6/2014,227,380,5,11,5>I was fortunate enough to stumble across A Taste of Havana today while driving through Broadripple and thought I'd give it a try. Ohmigosh, I'm so glad that I did!Having only been open for two weeks, A Taste of Havana is a family owned business. The family? Two. Father and Daughter. I can't imagine the number of hours they must put in each week, and hope they hurry up and get someone else in before the public catches on how good the food is. The decor is what you would expect to find in the cuban shops in Miami; and seeing how they did it all themselves, it's about as authentic as you can get. The food: When trying a cuban restaurant for the first time, I always go for the same thing; Cuban Sandwich and plantains. It's like the cheeseburger at an American place; if they can't get it right, why bother? Boy.. they got this one right. The El Cubano was layered with roast pork, ham, swiss cheese, pickles and yellow mustard. Even better, it came in three sizes: El Especial ($10.99), El Regular ($8.49) and El Mini ($6.50). I chose the El Regular, which was the perfect size for me. Add an extra $2.49 to make it a combo with a fountain drink and your choice of a side. I'll admit that I had a few bites of roast pork that were too tough to eat, but the flavors were outstanding, and the size of the tough pieces of pork were too small to worry about. Trust me: the meats on this sandwich were piled high. Dessert? Well, sure; only because I was writing this review and had to make sure you knew what to expect (your welcome.) Menu items includes assorted pastries, flan and tres leches cake. I ordered flan, which they were out of. I instead opted for a guava and cream cheese pastry, which they heated and served hot out of the oven. Fantastic. If they don't make them in house, they've fooled me.During dessert they brought around complimentary cuban coffee, which they quickly pointed out doesn't happen often, but since they weren't very busy, they went ahead and made some. This review is powered by said coffee right now. Whoa was it strong. In my mind I was transported back to South Beach sipping cuban coffee at the little cuban restaurants. I have very high predictions for this place, assuming they get the staffing they need and don't burn out first. It's a tiny place, so I hope the lines don't get too much for them, and that Broadripple appreciates how awesome it is that a place like this has opened up.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,1/5/2014,167,357,1,5,3>Pros: good drink specials, yummy foodCons: parking downtown can always be a hassleI frequented the Scotty's at Purdue, so when it came to choosing a place downtown for happy hour this place seemed like a good choice.  Honestly, I came here for $7 domestic pitchers on Wednesdays.  Normall priced around $15, this was an awesome deal.  We also go there early enough for $5 apps (4-6pm I think).  So two pitchers and and app only set us back around $20.  A good deal in my book!This is the kind of place you want to go when they're having specials.  Their food is always great, but it's pretty comparable to many other brewhouses.  They have a great selection of draught beers, especially tons of local brews.  All in all: I'd come back for the $7 pitchers Wednesday nights!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/4/2014,159,306,,4,2>It's an interesting restaurant right next to some staples such Ruth Chris. Palomino is very unassuming yet the quality and ingredients used is actually pretty good. The chandeliers reminds me of Murano glass pieces. Service is great and price is very reasonable. When you visit, don't skip on their appetizers. The calamari was delicious. Their shrimp scampi was divine and presentation was very nice.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,1/3/2014,25,134,3,6,2>I signed up for NIFS two (2) years ago because it was located on my after-work commute route, and I thought the guilt of seeing it every day would better my chances of sticking with a regular exercise routine.  My guilt strategy has mostly paid off.  NIFS is more expensive than most gyms (I pay $48/month w. discount), but I think its atmosphere and perks make up for the expense. My favorites:-No "dog & pony show" atmosphere;-Dedicated, friendly, knowledgable fitness professionals;-Killer Les Mills BodyCombat and BodyPump classes;-Incentivizing programs & prizes (i.e. NIFS bucks, Slim It to Win It, Maintain Not Gain, etc);-Free garage parking (hard to find near IUPUI);-Clean facilities, free towels and day-by-day locker access.I'm no gym maven and definitely could improve my workout frequency, but NIFS makes it easy to get back on the horse after a few days of negligence. Now if I could just develop some nachos willpower.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,1/2/2014,41,130,,11,3>I really enjoyed taking my mom here for a bit of pampering. All stated in almost every review, the ambience and atmosphere are amazing, clean, and fresh. While the chairs are not the best for pedicures and manicures, my nail tech, Lori, did an amazing job to ensure I was comfortable and helped to move my seat closer so I could relax a bit more. The pedicure was nice and relaxing and my feet feel rejuvenated. While chatting during the pedi service, my nail tech suggested I try an gel mani for the first time. I was so happy she suggested it, because I honestly love it! I was thinking about getting a gel mani/pedi at the end of September before vacation, and now I definitely know I will!She did a great job both on my pedi and mani. I am excited to keep coming back to see her. She was very knowledgeable about nail care, professional, and fun to chat with. I would highly recommend her as my gel mani came out perfectly, not "wavy" at all like some of the other reviews.I will definitely be back on a regular basis!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,1/1/2014,122,723,4,6,4>She had her bare hand on the part of the cup where I put my mouth. EW. Big giant EW. When an employee hands a cup to a customer, their hand should be around the CUP part, not around the rim. If you're worried the hand-off is going to be sloppy, place the drink on the counter and let the customer pick it up. Don't put yer mitts where I'm gonna put my mouth! Buuuut my chai tea was really tasty. Waaaaay better than the one from a certain coffeehouse with VERY limited hours which is just a bit north of this one. Just the right temperature, nice and spicy, perfectly sweetened, not syrupy. You could taste the tea! There are TONS of electrical outlets above the booths for you to plug in and work. There's also table seating and seating at a little bar that looks out over the street. There's a small concrete patio. Maybe they'll get some little potted trees and plants when the warm weather gets here. Foundry sells pastries, glass bottled sodas, and sandwiches too. Their teas come from Tea's Me, so it's high quality stuff. I don't really care about the coffee because I rarely drink it.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,12/31/2013,51,87,2,7,3>Oh. My. God. I can't believe I haven't reviewed Aveda yet.Cannot believe it!Anyhow...Time:  Do not go here if you don't like them to take time.  They will take it.  I've been in for about 5 hours before.  Here is the thing though, The best haircut I've ever ha was from a salon owner in China.  He was amazing with hair, amazing.  He usually took 3-4 hours.  Now I could afford a salon like that in China.  Heyoo 7:1 exchange rate.  Here the only place I can afford such a thing is Aveda.Plus I get to get a mini massage/facial and makeup?  WIN!Quality: So for 15 - 25 dollars I can get my hair cut but not finished the way they do it.  Aveda dries and then cut/styles at the same time so everything lays right and as it grows out it still looks good. At least until it starts to get shaggy.  I have gotten that type of treatment ONCE at a strip mall salon and the stylist who did it was home with her baby when I went back.  TY Heather!  The rest of the time the ladies dont finish it in that fashion at all or they leave it half finished and choppy.Value:  15$ for cut/style/shampoo&conditioner/MiniFacial/makeup?  YES this is an extremely good value.Just know when you go that it will take time.  Especially if you want a hair style and not just a hair cut.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,12/30/2013,34,401,,4,4>Pleasantly impressed with this place.  I had lunch here with a few friends last week with no idea what to expect. Turns out I didn't even need to open the menu!  Our waitress greeted us and immediately let us know they had a special.  Carne Asada salad, on a bed of mixed greens with some guacamole dressing of sorts, corn salsa and whole lot more.. Needless to say she sold me and 3 others on the table.  We only had 5 people total.. 4 got it and loved it. It was super fresh and created by one of the chefs.  The meat was tender and flavored very well.  You don't get a ton of meat, but it was more than enough to make the salad hearty.  The rest of salad was fresh and full of flavor. Our server was great... from the recommendation about the salad to the playful banter and keeping our drinks filled.  The place is pretty chill as well, but a little dark.  We were in the back room, so i'm not sure what the front is like.  I'm sure we will be back to try something new and potentially look at the rest of the menu!#300
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,12/29/2013,25,218,,9,2>We definitely love this place, 4.5 stars overall. Best reasons to visit are the difficult-to-find Thai papaya salad and truly excellent spring rolls.  Gets rounded up to 5 stars because of the papaya salad + friendly staff + delivery.5 stars... Fresh spring rolls (shrimp or pork).  Love these, so healthy and so tasty.  Comes with two dipping sauces (dark one is our favorite).4.5 stars... Papaya salad.  Spicy and sour, fresh and delicious. Get medium heat.... Pho w/ shrimp.  I'm no pho expert, but one of the best I've had.... Stir-fried eggplant.  Lots of veggies along with eggplant in a rich, dark sauce.4 stars... Yum Koong (shrimp salad).  Very fresh and light, perfect for lunch.  Wish it was a bit spicier.... Larb (chicken).  Tons of crazy-spicy chicken, but wish it came with lettuce wraps.3.5 stars... Tom Yum Talay (seafood).  Liked it, but not as much as the pho.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,12/28/2013,109,103,2,3,1>Any movie theater that lets me purchase what ever form of mood altering substance I need that day is KING OF THE WORLD to me. Be it a Latte or Cocktail (in a real glass for gods sake!) Landmark is happy to let me get my groove on while watching Indy films. So any day spent at this theater is a good day ,weather the movie sucked or rocked, I walk out with a grin on my face, and a spring in my step. And on a much more personal note...I take my mom and spike her coke...movies even better ;-)
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/20/2013,12/27/2013,20,66,3,4,1>I was super excited to try this place when I heard it was owned by the chef of Saffron Cafe (which I love). I wandered in on a random evening when I needed a snack, and I was offered a sampler platter, which is a pretty awesome idea. A nice girl working the counter made up a plate for me with bites of all the meats, veggies, and toppings for sandwiches, and she explained good flavor combos.It was nice getting to try everything, but unfortunately most of what I tried was just meh. The meats were kinda dry and bland, and none of the sides really blew me away. One orange salad thing had a potent perfume flavor that nearly killed me (seriously, it tasted like I was eating Chanel No. 5). Some other items were good, but not good enough to make me return. I ended up grabbing some hummus and pita to take home for later, which was fine, though unmemorable.Maybe others will have better luck here than I did, but I just wasn't impressed.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,12/26/2013,88,185,4,3,4>Cake was the last thing I wanted to spend any effort on in planning our wedding. But I was very specific in wanting a rice krispy treat cake that was not completely covered. We searched all over the Indianapolis area and were turned down just by that request. Indy Cakes was happy to oblige once we provided a picture of what we wanted. They are located in a little dinky area but don't let that deter you! Our wedding cake, grooms cake, and the 150+ cake bites (a must have!) we ordered were phenomenal! I wasn't sure how things would turn out but they blew my expectations out of the water. And everything was so delicious, my guests are still raving about it. The only negatives throughout the whole process came in the communication. I think since they are fairly small it's hard to be in constant communication. But everything worked out for the best and we are so happy we chose them!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,12/25/2013,93,210,1,5,5>Buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks!! And popcorn and Sun King beer and Hoosier Mamas margaritas and pizza and ice cream and well whatever else these guys can think of!!!Don't know how many of you remember the Bush Stadium on the Near Westside. That was where we went to games growing up. Things have definitely changed but I really think Indianapolis should take some pride in Victory Field. It is a lovely ballpark that is very family friendly. They have an excellent variety of food (obviously from my extensive list). The best is to try to go to Dollar Monday nights! Hey-oh!!! Give me five hotdogs please :) They do silly contests during the innings and give-aways for sections and things like that. They want people to come and enjoy the game which is awesome. The grounds are always clean and bathroom are tidy which is a must for an outdoor facility. I just wish they had more bike parking. Since we live so close it's easy and safe to bike here but there isn't a whole lot unless we miss it. But they have this itty bitty rack tucked away by the main entrance. I wish they would provide more!!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,12/24/2013,132,107,,11,5>Go local!!!  Great new market and cafe showcasing Indiana products; including produce, meats, dairy, and grains.  50 percent of items are locally produced, and most organic.Very good deli soups and sandwiches.  Specialty items including gluten free and vegetarian.This new business will be a treasure.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,12/23/2013,82,177,,4,3>As long as I have been going to/from downtown and have driven on South St, I was very surprised that I'd never noticed Tavern on South. What a nice hidden gem in the near-downtown area! Ambiance is an upscale, trendy older bar (with the wood), they have many flat screens around the bar areas.We had a large group scheduled for the upstairs area at a peak dinner time and I was one of the first to arrive so the hostesses gladly showed us the way towards the bar. Service, both at the bar and while seated, was fabulous! Everyone was served about the same time and there was no problem with individual checks. I was surprised there was no large group tip added in already. I saw no issues with any food as well, my crab cakes were fabulous too!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,12/22/2013,49,140,,8,4>This place is a park...within a park...within a park!  So first things first.  This is a Municipal Park so you gotta pay to get in.  If you're a Marion County resident it's $5.  If not, I think it's $6.  There are also passes available.  After you pay your fee and drive into the park, a whole other world awaits you.  It's almost as if you've left Indianapolis and ventured into another area.  There is a marina where you can launch your boat or kayak.  Don't have one?  You can rent one!  There are even evening and full-moon guided paddle tours!  Continue down the way and you'll find the "beach" which has play areas for kids and during the summer season you can dip into the water.  There are tons of picnic areas so be sure to bring your food and drink (non-alcoholic).  There's a yoga center, some educational areas, a bird sanctuary and...wait for it....ZIP LINES!  Go Ape is the zip line course.  I haven't done that yet so I can't review it but everyone doing it seemed to be having loads of fun.  There are running trails, hiking trails and plenty o'wildlife.  Today while walking my dog through a wooded area I came across a deer drinking from a stream.  Absolute beauty.  If you come, plan on spending the day and take this place in for all it has to offer!!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,12/21/2013,29,124,2,2,2>"Alagamun-lan, we like, we we we like party, hey. I-I-I-I I'm a, mother father gentleman" - Psy (Gentleman)This K-pop they play in the background is catchy. Makes me want to get out of my chair and dance. Anywho...Friday late lunch hour, my family decided to stop in Cafe Korea. It was so quiet that I can hear a cricket chirp. Nevertheless, a really sweet server seated and gave us menus. I find it "cute" that she calls my mom "ma-mi" because we were out for mother/daughters outing. They both ordered dol sot bibimbap - where it comes in a hot stone pot to crisp up the rice. It's a buck more than the bibimbap, but totally worth it. I took a chance and had the spicy sauteed squid. Normally it's not something I would order because if squid isn't fresh, it's grotesquely smelly & fishy tasting. This one, I devoured the lovely tentacle suckers in this addictively sweet, spicy red pepper paste. Our meals came with a bowl of miso soup and banchan spread consisting of picked daikon cubes, cucumbers, spinach, and some bean sprouts. Every dish was fresh and delish, although, I would've liked to see more variations in the banchan. Perhaps a bit of kimchee, fried anchovy, or sweet & sour radish strands to switch up the salty flavors.The service here is two-thumbs up! The server must've checked on us three times throughout our meal just to make sure the food was fine and not too spicy. This is nice for a change compared to some other Korean restaurants in the area where the service is so crappy that I can't even find anyone to flag down to order or pay. All in all, a perfectly portioned lunch without being uncomfortably full. Cleanliness, incredible service, and delicious food will surely lure me back here.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/20/2013,41,120,,5,2>Remember, Yelpers, you are never too old to learn something new.   And I did learn a great deal about bees, the process of having those little guys whip up their tasty and useful wares and about the many benefits of having them around.   Thanks to a Groupon, we headed south to take a tour of Hunter's tucked away just outside of Martinsville, Indiana in a relaxing and idyllic setting.    The four of us all enjoyed sampling many of the twelve varieties of honey they set out for taste testing pausing briefly to peer in on the beehive and watching the little creatures zip in and out of the tube.  I do have to say the tour itself was one of the best of its kind.   The tour guide, Tracy, was passionate about telling us the story of Hunter's Honey farm and explaining how much effort is involved in extracting and using the many by products from the bees.   I also appreciate him involving the kids and getting them excited about how we are able to sample honey, as well as the candles and other products they produce. Again, I must put in a plug for "buy local" - and Hunter's is living up to that moniker.  Everything I tasted was excellent.   I had never tried the likes of buckwheat, wild flower , watermelon or blueberry honey before and they were pleasant surprises.   If you have a chance to sample their wares at a farmers market or have the occasion to see Hunter's Honey Farm in person, I would highly recommended it.   It's a wonderful experience for the whole family!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,12/19/2013,84,22,2,7,4>I'll admit it, I went here twice in the same week. That doesn't sound like a lot compared to a few friends of mine who have been here I think every other day. It's new, it's in the ever evolving Fountain Square and it's obviously here to stay!I've tried the Raven & Crow's Nest. Both delicious. If I had to choose between the two I would choose Crow's Nest just because I love me some pork. The pickled Korean radish & carrots, cilantro, mayonnaise, and jalapeños elevate these sandwiches to another level.The other sandwiches I'm not sure if I would pay $8 for unless you bought one and I tried it first...prime example being the one's that include Chicken Liver, Sardine, Thai Sour Sausage & Indian Tofu. I like to adventure with new food, but I'm also cheap and would hate to waste a pretty penny on something I'm not sure if I would like. Shrimp Chips? Get those away from me! I am liable of eating several orders if you put them in front of me. They're like a salty, crunchy Hush Puppy in chip form. Okay, so I'm not the best at describing things, I just know when I like something.The only thing I don't like are the Macarons (which are different from Macaroons I guess). They have these really random flavors that I couldn't choke down. The only one I semi-liked were the Wasabi and Green Tea Matcha flavors. Also, can we get a combo meal deal? Maybe a half of a sandwich option so I could try some other flavors?
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,12/18/2013,179,172,2,3,3>Hits that just right vibe of coffee house comfort. Abundant, cozy seating (not a bunch of tables with stiff backed chairs) and great lighting. Their pastries are locally sourced from such places as the Flying Cupcake and La Torte and they are all great little smackerals of goodness.They offer single origin coffees by pour-over and french press and I experienced some true coffee bliss here while savoring a tiramisu from La Torte. I look forward to adding to this review when I return to try out more of the coffee and to visit the pub part of this business. I truly expect more great visits in the future.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,12/17/2013,10,62,3,3,3>Red. Velvet. Elvis. This is the best cupcake I've ever had, and I didn't hesitate a second to type that. While competitors may have the mile high pile of frosting, and I am a true frosting fanatic, no area cupcake compares to the Red Velvet Elvis from Flying Cupcake. A true red velvet cake (so many have gotten it wrong) topped with rich and creamy cream cheese frosting. Perfection in a tiny little package. Or, a rather large package by cupcake standards. Their deluxe cupcakes run $3.50, and that is a steal, given their size and quality. If someone asked me for  the one dessert I'd choose to indulge in from anywhere in the Indianapolis area, well, the choice would be simple and quick. A Red Velvet Elvis cupcake from The Flying Cupcake bakery would be my answer every time.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,12/16/2013,29,45,3,5,3>Did you ever play Settlers of Catan in college?  Or maybe Carcassonne?  Or any other board game with a bit more complexity than your average Monopoly board?  The Game Preserve is like manna from heaven for anyone who wants to start getting into some more brainy and fulfilling board and card game experiences.  They've got an entire wall of the shop dedicated to board games, and their stuff runs the gamut from Dixit, an artsy word-association game, to Twilight Imperium, an eight-hour space opera of epic proportions.  They've got the classics, too - Monopoly and chess and so on - if you're looking for that.Like any gaming shop worth its salt, the Game Preserve also stocks Magic: The Gathering cards, Dungeons and Dragons books, Warhammer 40k miniatures, and runs regular events for lots of games as well.  They have a room set off in the back of the store dedicated to events - it's pretty barren, however, with a bunch of tables and chairs and not much else.These guys have had their new location for a few years now, and thank god.  Gaming shops and high-end Simon malls are like oil and water.  Now located across the street from the Fashion Mall, parking is much easier to find and they're able to maintain later hours, which allows their events to run later in the evening.  If you end up at a Friday Night Magic event, don't be surprised if it runs past 10 or 11 PM.  If you've ever had any inclination towards Gygaxian delights, let your nerd flag fly and check out the Game Preserve.  You'll find a welcoming community of people who are incredibly passionate about their hobbies, and all the games you could ever hope to play.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/15/2013,19,106,,6,3>You must try the steak tacos!  We happened upon this place a while ago due to a review of the best tacos in Indy and La Parada was at the top for their steak tacos.  There is a reason for this.  They are awesome!  Nothing fancy, just steak, onions, cilantro, and squeeze some lime juice on there....DELICIOUS!!  The chips and homemade salsa are always good and hubs is adventurous and always tries other foods which he always enjoys too.  Only bummer is that since they moved to new location they still do not have their liquor license so no yummy beer to go with the delicious food.  But the new location is nice, much more space.  Just wish they would get the liquor license....
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,12/14/2013,28,308,,6,4>Of course it's only after I move out of this area that a real, true taco shop opens up here. As far as I know, this is the only real taco shop in the city. Maybe the state! Everything, right down to the design of the menu, is classic taco shop. I'm sitting on Michigan Road in Indianapolis, and I could very well be back in Tucson, at one of the good taco shops there.So I've only been once, but I'm so excited about this place that I have to review it now. They do breakfast burritos and serve them all day (again, something that real taco shops do). Burritos are in a good tortilla and served with the red or green salsa (or both). The salsas are actually the only thing that differ from what I used to get in Arizona. Those were the thin, spicy Sonoran style while these are a little more tomato- and cilantro-flavored. That's really the only difference. The interior is actually cleaner and more pleasant (especially the smell, which was almost always bad at the Tucson places). Prices are about what I'd expect. Tacos run $2-3. Burritos $3-5. They also have the quintessential combo plates.And, yes, you should hope that this place stays in business. This is something so novel to Indy that its survival is really questionable. I'm optimistic. In Tucson, these places seemed to average about three per square mile, so I've always assumed that they were not terribly expensive to operate. I'm hoping that this and the other positive reviews on here will give this place its needed boost. I mean, this is it people; this is how it should be.Just down the street from my current favorite taco place, this may be its replacement. Breakfast burritos are too great to ignore.Open 24 hours. Free wifi. Chalk it up!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,12/13/2013,57,115,,2,4>Wow. Thank god. I was in a serious jam (as young homeowners tend to get themselves into). I was pregnant, working full time, and my home was nowhere near where it needed to be to accommodate my soon-to-be family. I was exhausted every day, nauseous on some, full of aches and pains on others. I did a few DIY upgrades to the house, but it soon became out of the question. Pregnant ladies aren't even allowed to be around half of these building materials. I was freaking out and running out of time and not anxious to drop the 20 grand or so that an average contractor would charge me, thinking about my baby expenses. In one of many crying sessions to friends (hormones) someone told me to call Robert Prout right away. I hesitated but eventually I did. I was so sure that they would see that I was desperate and gouge me, but they didn't. They helped me so much. They worked crazy long days and got me past every obstacle. I ran into situations where I needed a plumber, an electrician and an HVAC person and they always just seemed to know a guy who would rush out there to keep the job on schedule. I can't believe they got it all done and I can't believe how little they charged me. The work is also flawless. The rooms they did look like they belong to someone much wealthier than I.Thank you thank you thank you.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/12/2013,10,69,,4,2>Great place to hang out with friends and get all you can eat sushi! Their rolls are as good as some of the more expensive places in Indianapolis with amazingly fast service. It's definitely worth the $20 for all you can eat, which includes tempura, miso soup and salads. Not a great romantic date vibe but I love going their with friends! It's the start to a great night if you get the sake bottles!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,12/11/2013,35,201,,6,2>It's a good option and is almost a top notch experience. The beer selection is excellent and the prices are fair. While simple, the beer menu does one thing that you would expect to be standard yet isn't -- they list the style of beer. I hate wondering whether the Flying Trapeze Magic Unicorn is an ale, an IPA, a stout... or any clue as to what it is. Here, if you like pilseners, you can just pick one out from the list.While this would appear to be a local brewery bar, the food is excellent. There are a couple of burgers with "fried egg" that is actually an over-easy egg. Had I known that, I would have changed from my still-excellent Spicy Cuban.So what holds back the 5th star? The interior decor looks like this is an unfinished project. The interior has that 1970s VFW feel to it where it is more a bunch of guys getting together rather than a modern food service establishment. The other thing is the customer service. Again, perhaps old-school dive bar is the motif but it's not with the times.Anyway, I would definitely return and encourage others to check it out.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/10/2013,9,100,,7,2>Since recently settling into the greater fountain sq neighborhood, finding this furniture haven has been most perfect.They get new items in literally everyday. We got an AWESOME lazy boy for $40!! A really cool vallet for our front entry way also. Corner bookcases, chairs, desks...Some things they have are more worn than other pieces out on the floor. Everything is priced fair and we have found done real diamonds in the rough here!Great mix of vintage, classic, lightly used, modern, fun furniture. The staff is really nice. If you don't find what you're looking for, check back tomorrow bc something new will be there!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,12/8/2013,87,337,,9,2>This is like Asia Mart but larger - much larger. Asia Mart, which is right around the corner, is going to have problems staying in business.This place has everything and is something you would expect to find in Chicago or NYC but not Indy. In addition to the usual frozen and dried foods, cans, jars, etc., this place has live Dungeness Crabs. Live crabs are very different than the frozen/dead ones you can get at various supermarkets - try it out.It's a good sign for the Indianapolis community that a place like this has opened up. It indicates that there is enough critical mass of ethnic consumers and native consumers who consume ethnic foods for it to be worthwhile for someone to open a place like this. Progress.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,12/7/2013,141,70,,5,3>I can't believe this place doesn't have any reviews yet??!! We went here on a  Sunday for brunch.  There were three of us.  It was a Colts home game Sunday, so we were amidst a sea of blue, which I loved. First of all, this restaurant is in the fabulous Alexander hotel.  Many thumbs up already.The restaurant is very open, well lit with natural sunshine through the huge windows, very modern decor and a buffet....but, not your typical buffet.  Most dishes are fresh and being made literally before your eyes!There is a cold section of the buffet with yogurt, granola, fruit, salads, etc. I highly recommend the chicken salad.....LOVED it!  I also recommend the fruit flavored yogurt and granola. Super delish.Next up is the hot buffet. This consisted of a made to order omelet station, sausage patties/links, bacon, grilled veggies, pork loin and chicken with house made sauces, breakfast pizzas, fingerling potatoes, french toast, etc. All was heavenly and nothing disappointed.Lastly is the dessert/gelato bar.  The cookies were huge and SO good and the gelato flavor options were endless!  Super yummy.All of this for approximately $15/person with $5 mimosa and bloody mary's on special.  Further, the chefs are inside of the square shaped buffet cooking food throughout brunch and placing it out fresh for your dining delight.  If you mention how much you love something, they take it personally and thank you.  I even got a full explanation of how my complimented item was cooked.  LOVE that!Heads up, this fabulous weekend brunch ends at 1pm on the weekend, so bust a move and get there as soon as you can!!  It is so worth it!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,12/6/2013,24,75,2,4,4>Being approached with the challenge of taking my dad on a date for his birthday, I looked for somewhere local where we could get some tasty food somewhere that he wouldn't be embarrassed to go.I was surprised by the interior of the Friendly Tavern! Concrete floors and ugly chairs. It's clear that the focus of the Friendly Tavern is on the food and the regulars, just as it should be.It is not an exaggeration to say that this is the best burger I have had in a long time. Fresh cooked fries accompanied our burgers and we could not stop exclaiming over how delicious the food was. Funny how something as simple as a well-cooked burger can make your day!We will be returning to the Friendly Tavern. Dad wants to try the grilled cheese. ;)
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,12/5/2013,52,71,1,7,5>I am a recent addition to a family that has gone to the Iron Skillet for over 40 years, I was apprehensive going to a place named Iron Skillet.  Where I'm from the Iron Skillet is a restaurant at truck stops...this was far from that.  I was delighted the first time we went there for Halloween, the host and owner knew all the members of our party's names, and the decor stimulated my senses.  I was instantly brought back to my childhood, spending the holidays at my grandparents farm house, the aromas of winter...The food is old fashion midwest cookin'...corn, mashed potatoes, green beans, fried chicken, and the best part the apple butter and rolls!  It's done very well, and worth the family style meal.  We always have left overs that last for days, and we gladly eat them for days.  The Iron Skillet is a main stay in my "family"...as my family grows, we will continue the tradition of going for all major holidays and birthdays!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,12/4/2013,63,377,,5,3>My "new" favorite place!  It's love, love, love.What's not to like?  A couple free tastings, awesome pretzel bread, and an outdoor patio.  Here's what the two of us had...It was a lot.  Everything was so delicious; we had to waddle out.Tastings:  Lux Petit Verdot, Cooper's Hawk Ale, GewürztraminerDrinks:  Passion Fruit Sangria (Pitcher) - nice thinly sliced fruit/bubbly/refreshingAppetizers:  1) Pretzel Bread - utter perfection 2) Sweet Chili Calamari - crispy/tender/sublimeEntrees:  1) Ahi Tuna Tacos 2) Blackened Bacon-wrapped Sea  - large flavorful scallops!  However, I didn't care much for the rice.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/3/2013,72,60,2,2,2>Five stages, dance tent, vintage fair, awesome weather, food trucks and beer tents.The venue was great with mature trees providing lots of shade. The vintage fair venue was nestled among the towering trees and it was really pleasant to browse the goods available.The stages were spaced apart and the acts timed so that you could wander from one to the next as the bands completed.Homage was paid to the history of the Broad Ripple Park with roving circus acts such as stilt walkers in gala costume and an old timey bicycle rider. Plus one of the acts was a side show including magic, a swami that walked on glass and a contortionist. All accompanied by a Master of Ceremonies that was entertaining on his own.All types of music were available and my favorite was Trombone Shorty up from Treme in New Orleans to play for a very appreciative crowd.I cannot get over how well done this was for a first year and hope that it happens again year after year.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,12/2/2013,31,148,,6,4>Taverna is lovely to look at and the food is amazing.If you read nothing else of this review, read this: My favorite thing is that Taverna has NO freezers. That means everything is fresh and served fresh. This freshness is evident in the amazing flavors of their food. Yum!They are going through a soft opening this week and we had the pleasure of being some of their early customers. The menu isn't running at 100% production at this point because rather than roll all of the food out immediately and make mistakes they have chosen to add in their menu items slowly to make sure the staff know exactly what they're doing. As my husband said, "they're leaning into it rather than punching it out."There were a few small kinks with service but everyone was very friendly and the staff are clearly excited about what the kitchen is producing. I have reason to believe the kinks will be worked out very quickly since the owner was on the floor all night watching service interactions and making subtle corrections. They are clearly working on making this a 5-star experience.The martini was mixed JUST RIGHT (my hubby isn't easy to please with a martini and he was happy) and the Liberty School wine was a fruity, soft, perfect red that went down like water. Oh man that was good.We both LOVED the Gnocchi (I highly recommend it!) and the Hoosier Berry salad.  In fact, it was the gnocchi that secured our return to Taverna. Sooo good. We also LOVED (and noticed others loving) their bread. Imagine a cross between a thick pretzel bun and a croissant. I thought it was going to be salty or dry but it was nothing short of give-me-another-hunk-stat! The sea bass was light, fresh, and felt healthy to eat. The only trouble was that it was served in a deep bowl. I know they used this bowl to maximize the broth surrounding the fish, but I could have done with less broth and a more shallow dish to make it less awkward to cut and eat the fish. Give this place a try -- it's easy to find, has plenty of parking, lots of space for seating indoors, outdoors, and around the bar, and the service is solid.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,12/1/2013,187,120,1,4,3>Love this place! The classes are excellent and they have a nice variety! My favorite is the Sunday night destress yoga. The teachers are very knowledgeable and the prices are reasonable. I highly reccomend if you are looking for a good yoga studio downtown.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,11/30/2013,130,709,,4,7>Fried Chicken, mashed potatoes and green beans....mmm mmm good. That IS some fine chicken. Potatoes come with gravy - you don't even need to ask. This meal reminded me of eating with my grandparents at the farm.Highly recommend.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,11/29/2013,15,115,,8,2>I really like Off the Hanger. It's a cute consignment store near Greenwood Mall. The selection here isn't as good as some other stores as far as plus sizes go but it makes up for it with the shoes, purses, and other accessories available. As a seller my items have always seemed to sell really quickly. (Maybe because of the limited amount of plus size clothing.) And I tend to get a little more money when selling here versus what I get at other consignment stores. It's also more convenient to sell here as the drop off hours (11am - 7pm Mon - Thurs) are easier to get to for someone who has to work a full-time job. The only downside is that they only pay by check on the 5th of each month and there's no way to know what has or hasn't sold until you pick up your check.Overall I like the store, but I do tend to sell more than I buy here.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,11/28/2013,82,37,,3,4>I was pleasantly surprised by the welcoming and cozy atmosphere at Santosha. This is not some high polished studio with supermodels in lululemon sauntering around. It's a real studio for real people who want to learn yoga. I came in with a little yoga knowledge and found the beginner classes a perfect fit while I work on flexibility and finding balance in my life. The instructor makes it easy to follow along and has a good sense of humor. I used the Yelp deal for a punch card of classes which are a good deal if you're not ready to sign up for unlimited classes yet.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,11/27/2013,25,108,2,2,2>Coming from Kansas where a BMV trip took your entire day and turned your hair white, my first experience in Indy was WONDERFUL! Kind staff and really helpful. I started getting nervous for my driver's test but it was all good. Reminder to check their website and bring in all of the necessary documents. They go through them with a fine-tooth-comb- which is a-okay considering the alternative of you spending all of that time and nothing getting processed. I still have not gotten an Indiana plate (my license did come) but they gave me a temporary paper. I hope the plate comes soon. My only complaint: you can't smile in your picture on the license... in my pic I look like I am under arrest. But hey, if that's the worst part of the BMV I can deal.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,11/26/2013,50,74,,6,2>Just want to echo all the great reviews for Spice Nation.  Went there for the first time and had a great experience.I tried most of the buffet selections and the food was spicy, but not hot.  The curry had the right level of heat without being overwhelming.  They had these fried dough rings and sourdough patties, and you are supposed to eat them by dipping them in a variety of sauces.  The fried veggie and samosas were golden, but not too greasy  A variety of naans was included and served tableside.  The one w/ the sweet potato filling was quite hearty and fulfilling.Indian desserts tend to be too sweet for me. Try the mango pudding if you want something less sweet.  Chai tea is included w/ the buffet.The location is slightly out of the way for lunch, but definitely worth the visit.  Lunch is slightly cheaper during the week ($6.95 Tuesdays-Thursdays, $7.99 on Fridays).
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/25/2013,179,458,,3,2>Beautiful.  I have been here many times for Indiana University retreats, boot camps, and seminars.  It is so nice to unplug from work and to get to know your co-workers and our leadership.  I would like to spend more time here!  It's so nice.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,11/24/2013,123,216,,3,2>I really like this brewery/winery/pizzeria located in the middle of nowhere in Columbus, IN.  We took two beer trips to Columbus in a matter of two months and both times this was our first stop.  The beers are good, the staff are friendly, and the pizza is delicious.  I enjoy the IPA and the Strong Ale. The brewery and winery are connected, so it's very easy to try both.  I highly recommend for beer lovers wanting to see what Indiana brewers are doing outside of Indianapolis.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,11/23/2013,91,653,,3,3>I'm a big fan of artisanal pizzas and this installment of Napolese does them justice.   The location can't be beat as I can walk there from work (as can thousands of office workers downtown).   Service is very fast so you can get in and out easily in under an hour.The pizzas come out super crispy and the dough employs extra gluten which is a winner for me.   A lot of the meats they use are from Goose The Market which is yet another reason to go.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,11/22/2013,100,42,4,11,5>Bee Coffee could turn into a downtown staple. Years down the road, we may all find ourselves reminiscing about when Bee first set up shop and how its hard to picture downtown without it. First of all, Bee Coffee is a real coffee shop. This isn't the local shop thats just taking advantage of a model and slinging coffee because it seems like it might be profitable. Bee Coffee is ran by impassioned coffee lovers. The coffee is house brewed AND roasted. And if you are really interested in what you are being served, you can discuss it in great detail with a staff that is excited about what is in your cup and how it was made.And, of course, that leads me to the staff. They definitely love coffee. These are people who are working in the coffee industry because they love coffee. But they are more than coffee nerds. They are also funny, witty, and friendly. They don't over share or make the experience all about them. When you are in Bee Coffee, the experience is all about you. And, they have knack for understanding what the customer wants. If you are in a hurry, your coffee is served promptly with no nonsense. Conversely, if you have time to kill they can be very engaging. The dedication to the customer was on display this weekend during gencon. With insane amounts of customers strolling through the doors, the line was slain with heroism. Hospitality was offered to the cape-wearing crowd. Gaming occurred in shop. However, if you were the standard downtown passer-by, you still received your coffee promptly, in a friendly manner, and without feeling completely out of place because you left your staff/sword/dice at home.Bee Coffee will have its challenges, Located off Georgia St. there will be periods of vacancy. If its not game-day, a convention, or a downtown event, this part of indy can be very dead. Walk-by traffic can be sparse and parking isn't the easiest. But, during the right scenario, bee coffee could be the fuel for many downtown attendees. TV's (on mute please) could be a great game-day addition. If you are walking to a Pacers or Colts game, a warm drink could really sustain you through that cold-weather walk. A second set of table and chairs would be outstanding as the people watching will be the best the city has to offer. A bike rack would also encourage and welcome the downtown cycling culture.Overall, my experience was excellent. I had one of the best cups of iced coffee I've ever had served by the friendliest staff Indianapolis has to offer. With a Yelp check in, you receive a discount! If I am going to an event, killing time downtown, or passing through to a destination like Fountain Square - I will be making a stop at Bee Coffee.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/24/2013,11/21/2013,86,77,14,7,6>I'm a yuppie.  I fully admit it.  I drive a crossover SUV, yes, it's foreign.  I prefer to eat organic and local, too.  I visit the Farmer's Markets and get Green BEAN delivery.  I'm lucky to have an income that allows me to be choosy about the food that I eat.That being said....Earth Fare, you out cha damn mind! Where in the world do they get some of these prices? Like I said I go to the Farmer's Market, I shop often at Whole Paycheck (er, foods) and buy a goodly amount at Trader Joe's as well.  There are very few items at Earth Fare that are similarly or priced for less than the other places I shop.  Example: over $4 for a bag of organic, frozen strawberries.  I get those at TJ or WF for $2.79.Also, when I went in there, there wasn't a head of iceberg lettuce to be found.  I settled on some of the bulk greens, only to have them die 2 days after purchase (whomp, whomp).Enough of the badgering, Earth Fare does have some redeeming qualities:Now, I have signed up for their email and text coupons and some of them are really good and enough to get me in the store.  The Carmel store carries beer and wine and they have a decent selection.They carry almond flour in the bulk section, which I can't find anywhere else in Indy.They have some new and different brands that I've not seen before.The meat counter was staffed by a very nice and knowledgeable butcher.  The meat is good and they have a good selection of fresh wild caught fish, local/organic meats, etc.So, while Earth Fare will certainly not be replacing any other store as my 'go to' market, they are close and I'll continue to check it out from time to time, especially if I have a great offer on my phone from them.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,11/20/2013,193,244,2,6,5>I must have driven by this place 1,000 times before I finally stop in to try it.  I was expecting kind of a Taco Bell-ish experience.  Boy, was I wrong!The food menu is limited....but EVERYTHING is done EXTREMELY well.  I wish more restaurants adopted this model...concentrating on what they do best, and quit trying to be all things to all people.The tacos...real, authentic, Mexican tacos...are simply amazing.  Wow, so, so, SO good.  The enchiladas are also outstanding, as is everything else we've got.The owners/managment/staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and greet you like an old friend.And, we're always full after dinner, so we've not tried the Ice Cream yet.  Chris's truly is a gem in Indy!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,11/19/2013,74,286,2,3,2>yumyumyum.Full disclosure: I love crepes. My husband brought me down here on a Saturday, late morning. And I zeroed in on this place. I got the "Hot Date" my first time here, which was a daily special and translates to: goat cheese, provolone, red onion, bacon and dates. With a side of OMG YUM.Next time we got a Pic Nic, which has chicken, cheese, bacon, cilantro and BBQ. We also got a classic, a tasty sweet treat with bananas and copious amounts of nutella. Add two San Pellegrino beverages to the mix in Aranciata and Limonata... and we were in heaven. Yeah.... this place will quickly become a habit.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,11/18/2013,55,64,,3,4>We went twice this week because someone (me) can't read the Groupon thoroughly.  But let's not talk about that.  We made reservations for Friday night for four, and had a leisurely dinner.  Service was great, especially if you're enjoying yourself, your wine, and your company.  This isn't a place you want to be in and out of in under an hour if you're having a nice dinner, OK?  The Zaalouk, an eggplant spread, is one of my favorite appetizers in town.  We tore it up.   For dinner, I ordered one of my new favorites, the Couscous Royale, which is served with a ton of fresh, not-over-cooked vegetables, and if you choose (and I do choose), a meat on top.  The lamb was fork-tender, meaning it fell apart with the barest suggestion of pressure from the fork.  They also served a small dish of broth to spoon over the couscous if you like (and I like).  The broth was flavorful and even a touch spicy. My husband had the lamb kebab, which wasn't quite as wonderful.  It was tough and overcooked, and the rice was cold.  But he did say that it was still "not bad, and not bad enough to complain about it."  He's said as many times as we've been there, that's the closest he's come to a bad meal and it really wasn't bad.  We didn't order dessert, but the server brought out an enormous piece of chocolate layer cake with mascarpone cheese filling for the table.  The cake was really awesome, moist and creamy, and we killed it without complaint.  Last night we finally got to use the Groupon.  We ordered the antipasto app, which was more than enough for our party of six, and the Bastilla, the phyllo-crusted chicken and nuts appetizer.  Think sweet and savory.  For dinner, we both had the Chicken Marsala, half a chicken in an amazing Marsala, onion, and prune sauce, served over saffron rice with broccoli.  The chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender. Another in our party had the paella, which is a dangerous bet to order in Central Indiana.  Everyone who tried it agreed it was perfect, and I'll probably order it on my next visit.  Dessert saw a return of the decadent chocolate cake, a terrific baklava (made in-house, of course), and a lemon version of the cake that also had the mascarpone filling.  The chef came out to talk to us and explained that all their desserts are made there, by scratch.  He talked to each of us about what we had, and asked how everything was.  This is typical from my experiences here (although I didn't see him do it on Friday and am not sure he was there).  Long story short, this is a great addition to Indy's international food scene.  It's not big, so make a reservation (especially if you're trying to drop a Groupon on them on a weekend--seriously, don't walk in on a weekend night expecting to be seated right away and then complain about it in a review).
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/17/2013,17,114,2,3,3>This place really holds up to its strong reviews! We have been here a few times when we run errands in Greenwood. If I lived closer I would likely eat here weekly! We love the Pad Thai. It's not fishy, it's flavorful and easily customizable in term of how spicy you like Asian food. My husband dislikes most Thai food and he loves this place. It's more than just peanut sauce. The Pineapple Fried Rice is a great dish to share and to take home. It reheated well too. Lots of chicken and pineapple. I also enjoy their one of their coconut curry dishes, Me Ga... I forget its real name but it is savory, lightly sweet and a little heat that satisfies the taste buds.Their Thai iced tea here is good to! And the sticky rice with mango for dessert is heavenly. It sounds silly and to simple to be good, I could eat it after every meal!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,11/16/2013,31,87,2,8,4>I give 5-star reviews VERY sparingly, and I'm hesitant here as well, mainly because I don't have any real basis for comparison.  The south side of Indy sure hasn't hosted an Italian grocery that I'm aware of.  But, despite a small inventory, this place definitely seems to command real attention to detail: aside from being immaculate, the meats and cheeses are cut to specification, and, given the quality, seem extremely reasonably priced.  R Italian Market features an olive bar, a few prepared sandwiches, several tasty desserts, and an assortment of olive oils and hand-made pastas.  Sure, there are a few things for sale here that you could get at a Kroger, but 90% of the provisions would otherwise be hard to find, outside of--maybe--a Cost Plus World Market.  And I don't see the south side gettin' one of those.Support this place!  Help them so they can eventually open a location in the City Market downtown.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,11/15/2013,24,113,2,3,4>I am so thankful for Mass Ave Animal Clinic. I adopted a cat from the Humane Society a few months ago and have since found out that he has some chronic health issues that need to be addressed (not a criticism of the Human Society at all - there's no way they could have known when I adopted him). They always manage to find me an appointment when I call, and they do a great job of reassuring me about my poor kitty's patchy fur or digestive difficulties. They're really nice to my cat as well - he always gets attention when we go in.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,11/14/2013,52,230,,9,2>I am in love with Barkefellers! I have four large dogs, so boarding my mutts is always stressful because its pricey and complicated. We went to their open house back in May for the new opening of the Westside Barkefellers, and we were sold. They have reasonable prices, every time I've been there I see employees watching and caring for the dogs. The place is clean and smells clean. We get the Family Suite - $65 for a large indoor run in which you can place up to 5 dogs and/or up to 250lbs.  Yes! Our pack can stay together and for cheap. They will also use their own food to feed your dogs if you don't feel like packing and bringing a weeks worth of chow - awesome!My dogs have always come home happy and healthy. I highly recommend Barkefellers!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,11/13/2013,34,59,2,3,1>Great food and ambiance...dogs allowed on the deck, which is a great outdoor space on the canal thru the fall...which is a huge plus for my social, monster pup!   (They also have plenty of dog bowls to hydrate their canine guests as well.)Servers are great and the Bloody Mary bar on Sundays is delish. I'm a fan of the Fish tacos, pulled pork nachos, sliders, black bean burger and the wedge salad.  I've seen other meals that look fantastic as well and I haven't heard any complaints from any of my friends, just practically licked clean plates sent back at the end of the meal.My only recommendation for them would be in relation to the bands playing at night...and it's a recommendation for any restaurant with live music--TURN IT DOWN! Just a little bit, just enough to allow your patrons to hear the people they came out to dinner with, just enough to not send half a party home early, just enough that no one needs to see an audiologist the next day...all with some good tunes and vibe in the background.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,11/12/2013,53,118,2,5,3>Formerly Demetrio El Taquero De La 46.  They moved from 38th and Highschool down the street to 30th and Highschool and shortend the name to just Tacos 46.  The old location had just enough room to walk in, order your food and turn around to walk out.  The new place has a larger dining area and the same great Tacos that I have come to love.  Best Tacos in Indy.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,11/11/2013,111,194,,7,3>I'm taking Siam Square down a star because my past several experiences haven't been positive.  The food is still great - maybe the best Thai food I've ever had - but the service has been spotty, and we've also noticed that the portion sizes have gotten noticeably smaller as the prices have gotten higher.Let me give a few examples:- A couple of months I ago we brought my parents there for dinner.  We told the waitress up front that we were vegan, and she didn't seem to know what that meant... and seemed aggravated that we were making this request.  We ended up having to call the manager over to take our order.- The last time we ordered take-out, we very explicitly told the person on the phone that we were vegan and explained what that meant.  When we got home we found that the food they gave us was full of egg.  (We called, and they gave us a fresh order which actually was vegan, which we had to drive back and pick up.  A better way to handle it would have been to comp us something for the hassle.)- Tonight we called in an order of eggplant stir fry, and asked them not to give us the rice that usually comes with it because we didn't want it.  They seemed unable to handle this, and just told us to take the rice home and throw it away if we didn't want it.  Strange.  Anyway we got home, and found that they had given us only half a container of the eggplant.  For $11.  (The last few times we've eaten at the restaurant we noticed that the portion sizes were smaller, too).  We called and they are going to comp us an entree the next time we go back.We are fairly regular customers, so we notice the changes.  I know that their business has been affected by the new restaurants in Fountain Square, and that the owners now run three restaurants.  So maybe they're stretched a bit thin.  But the fact remains that the Siam Square experience is not as fantastic as it used to be.  I wish it were.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,11/10/2013,134,221,3,3,3>Bluebeard is about as close to Portlandia as you'll get in Indianapolis, and I mean that in the most loving way possible. Come here to enjoy craft cocktails with clever names, locally sourced food, menu items with at least one ingredient you've never heard of, retro-looking pendant lamps that cast a flattering light upon a bar featuring an impressive collection of old typewriters, exposed brick and windows that likely survive from the building's previous life as a factory warehouse.   It's not as pretentious as it sounds. You can order a PBR and a shot in a little glass cowboy boot and no one will look at you funny. The vibe is laid back and the staff is unfailingly friendly and knowledgeable, willing to entertain your curiosity about any of their cocktail tinctures or the pretty bottles of alcohol lining the shelves behind the bar. The bottles themselves are part of the décor - Bluebeard doesn't seem to stock anything with an unattractive label. Really, everything in here is easy on the eyes. And that's even before you look through the lens of one or two of their lovely libations, with fun names like Reverend Palmer, The Pendennis Club, and -- my favorite -- Kilgore Trout. I don't know if Vonnegut himself would have hung out here -- I picture the Red Key as being more his style -- but certainly Bluebeard is one of my personal favorite places to mosey up to the bar for a cocktail or a local brew, and maybe some scallops or beet salad if I'm hungry. The patio overlooking Virginia and small front dining area lend themselves to equally pleasant experiences.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/9/2013,113,172,2,6,2>This place is delicious! The wait staff is always very friendly & helpful. They don't glare at me when my kid rubs beans all over the table and they also don't glare at me when I do dumb things, that's really nice. The food is good. I felt a little defensive when I read the comments about it not being 'authentic'. After eating some seriously un-authentic mexican food in New York, I have to say that Indiana has it pretty good. In my opinion (I'm not Mexican), it's pretty authentic. I think I have some tiny amount of cred since my brother in law is Mexican..... Also, Mexico is kind of a big place, with potential for multiple types of Mexican fare, just saying. One more thing, the people who work there seem to be kind of Mexican, just kind of. Anyway, it's a chill place. The salsa is yummy, the food is priced perfectly for me, it's right by the monon so you can bike over, run over, walk over or be lazy and drive right up Cornell and park in the angled spots across the street, which is what I most often do. I love the patio in the summer. I've always had prompt service, I almost always have the same server & he's super nice, makes jokes and understands Spanglish. It's a casual, wear your flip flops, don't worry about your hair kind of place. That's my style.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,11/8/2013,42,115,,3,2>Easily the best Mexican I've been to in Noblesville. Good food, good service. The owner's have run a couple of places around town before, and they've all been good-this is their best place yet. Keep it up!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,11/7/2013,27,58,,5,2>Zen Flow with Adrienne LovellGreat class: Beautiful studio. ...I was feeling very self-conscious all through the class, but trying to stay focused. It wasn't until the end of the class that I met the person on the next mat, Dusty. Dusty is the owner of the Tree House Yoga studio and yogi extraordinaire! I'd TOTALLY recommend taking her classes... but think twice about practicing next to her if you are easily distracted by yoga feats of awesome. :)Can't beat yoga on my block!! I'll be spending plenty of time at the Tree-House.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,11/6/2013,89,180,14,4,4>The thing about the Sinking Ship is, if you're not covered in tattos or piercings, you might think you won't be welcome here. Don't listen to heavy metal music so you shouldn't come here? wrong.I mean, be smart about it. Don't come in and complain to your server about the lack of Barry Manilow on the juke box. They won't care. In fact, they will almost surely laugh directly at you, but then happily take your order.There have been news articles about the rough crowd at the sinking ship and I can only assume the people who think that grew up in a gated house and had their beds made for them each morning. They probably get scared when hummingbirds fly too close to their car and think every person waiting at a bus is actually just waiting to mug them. Seriously though, the attitude is very lax, but everyone is still polite. They have a good beer selection and excellent food. They have vegan wings. That's rare. If you're the type of person that would faint of someone dropped an F-bomb during a response to your "which of these would YOU order" question, then you should probably head somewhere else. If you want an entertaining mix of people, good food, and good beer, then try the sinking ship.I guarantee after your first trip you will either say "I never want to deal with those rowdy ragamuffins again" or "That was F-ing great, when are we going back?"(if you use the word ragamuffin in normal conversation, you'll hate the sinking ship)
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,11/5/2013,21,104,,4,2>Love this place!!! Triton is by far my favorite brewery in the city. My favorite beer is O-Rye-N Galaxy; great tasting pale ale! Triton does not serve food (except for soft pretzels), but there are always great food trucks outside! Check this place out, it's a great place to have a pint!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,11/4/2013,184,188,2,4,5>What better way to spend an Independence Day than with friends, family and great music?  I was surprised by several friends congratulation notifications that I won 2 tickets to this event that I'd already planned on attending.  With family in town, we were seeking something that would provide entertainment for all ages.  FSMF seemed to have us covered.  After checking in with a friend who was already there, we were told there was no food or drinks for the kids, so we packed a cooler and picnic basket and headed out.  Parking was easy, the same free lot that I always scope out.  We made it over in time to see Kansas Bible Company representing local with each donned in a United States of Indiana shirt.  The sound guy made it very uncomfortable to be under the tent to watch the show and pushed many away from the stage with the ear piercing volume that could have been easily managed.  No I'm NOT too old - but it was too loud.  A friend loaned the grandparents some chairs and we made our way through the crowds to say hello to all.  There was a nice selection of local brews from New Day Meadery, Upland and Fountain Square Brewing Company.  I saw some little ones running around with face paint, but they had packed up before we got there.  The photo booth was a nice all ages addition to the event.  Despite the overcast weather, the temps were perfect and the band line up kept the crowd happy.  The kids had a blast splashing in the water out front and my teen found an amazing vintage swimsuit at Lux & Ivy who were set up next to United States of Indiana, who sold out of most of their merchandise.  I'm sure the FSMF tees would have also sold out if they had been sold.I finally got to see Modoc, a band Elvis Mires has been raving about for ages, and was blown away.  Needless to say, they have several new fans in my home.  We left before the last band, thanking all responsible for a wonderful day.  With this being their inaugural event, I hope the upcoming years may bring some of Ft. Square's best bites such as La Rev (tacos please) or B's Po Boys, or a little Red Lion fish & chips basket, if nothing else some local food trucks.  Great job - thank you for a fun Fourth!  Yet another reason to be proud to live in Indianapolis.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,11/3/2013,214,265,5,5,3>My 100th review has been reserved for the fabulous Sky Zone Indy! I went here the other day with some friends and family ... and it was a first time for all of us. Talk about a work out. As soon as we stepped foot onto one of the trampolines, you could immediately feel your buns and thighs begging for mercy. You have the option of how long you'd like to jump (half hour, an hour, etc.) Take my word - an hour is plenty. You'll be limping out of the place... but with a huge smile smeared across your face. It truly brings out your inner child. I think it's the ideal place for an afternoon with friends, a birthday party or even a first date. So much fun! We couldn't stop raving about it after we left and most of us were over the age of 23-24.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/2/2013,141,328,3,9,3>I love this beauty supply. In my opinion they are on of the best in Indy. They have a large supply of products, wigs, hair. They also have a braid center inside of store. Their hours are also really good and they stay open a bit later than other beauty supply providers in the area. I am always able to find what I came in for. The other negative I have is they do not have many of the products you would find in a Target or Walmart, which is cool but just a tip if you looking to do a one stop trip. Nevertheless I go out of my way to go to this beauty supply.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,11/1/2013,104,322,3,8,5>Wow, no seriously wow. This is what the South side has been needing. Drive past the mall, Kohl's and any other chain and walk on into a little slice of chic. Don't worry about pretentious staff and over priced goods because you won't find that here.I have found nothing but pleasant, helpful people who love their jobs helping women find their perfect item!They offer online shopping with more items and have FREE in store pick up to avoid shipping costs!As a previous reviewer pointed out, pay attention to the return policies! This is not a department store, this is some hardworking gals watching their bottom line and what smart, business savvy, small business doesn't. I think the policy is fair and it is clearly stated at the counter. I suggest following them on FB, Twitter, and Instagram as they preview new merch and offer fun contests! I actually won a $10 gc last night on FB!! SWEET!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,10/31/2013,93,169,,2,4>If you're in the mood for a little beer tasting....there is a nice little room off broadripple avenue. It's new and you might not notice it if you didn't know that it was there.  It's nicely decorated. My group and I each ordered flights! Great beer. Good times. Nice people. I recommend.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,10/30/2013,120,222,1,7,4>DIS IS IT.  And I must agree.  What a place; live blues, great atmosphere, and a history that rivals any brick'n'mortar in Indianapolis.  Not many live music joints can deliver the entertainment like the Slippery Noodle does, shows almost every night of the week, a few that require covers, but most do not.  There is limited, validated parking, so get there early.  Plenty of parking (street or garages) around the area, though.  What I like best is some of the decor - as my favorite movie of all-time is the Blues Brothers, I like taking in all the memorabilia and reminiscing about my favorite Jake and Elwood scenes.  This is the kind of place those guys would be laying low at when on the run through Indy... The beer is reasonable, ask your server about that night's specials for great bucket or pitcher prices.  The variety of the menu gives everyone a viable choice, like fried chickens and coke..  See you at the rhythm and blues review, put the word on the street!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,10/29/2013,21,136,,3,5>This was our first year at Dig IN! We loved the passport set up and the booklet that gave us a head's up of what was at each station. We weren't too bothered by the lines...they all seemed to move quickly. Our favorites were the mini Waygu burger, the cookies, and a delicious strawberry soda. We definitely tried things that we wouldn't ordinarily go for, and there were some pleasant surprises! Loved the free water all over the place. All of the staff were super nice.While I liked the idea behind the sampling glass, it was kind of a hassle to carry it around (unless, conveniently, you wanted to pay $5 for a glass landyard) and I saw at least five break and not be cleaned up. The other thing...it was so. hot. At some points it was hot enough that it detracted from enjoying the event. I'd remedy it by putting up more tents purely for shade, several more misting fans, and moving the event about a month later on the calendar.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,10/28/2013,77,219,,4,2>Beer and wine! My wife and I were doing the tour of the Indy wine trail. I'm not a big fan of wine, so I was pleasantly surprised that Simmons recently opened a brewery, which is connected to their winery. It's called 450 North brewing company. The beer is delicious (had one of their new bourbon barrel porters) and my wife enjoyed the wine. They have a restaurant in the brewery side which we heard had amazing wood fired pizza, but didn't get a chance to try it. The staff was very friendly and we even met the owner. My favorite winery on the Indy wine trail
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,10/27/2013,26,37,2,7,2>Went here on 5/1 for my Birthday. No reservations was kinda a pain, but we went early enough (7pm) on a Wednesday that we didn't have a wait. Things did pick up quite a bit though, so I'm glad we went when we did. Let's get to the details:Decor/Ambiance/SpaceNice, and you don't expect it when you look at it from outside. Upscale, but definitely not fussy.  I like. CocktailsI wanted something bubbly. Wasn't sure if I wanted just a glass of sparkling wine or if I wanted to try the Sparkling Bird (I'd never tried HUM botanical before, and was a little reluctant). I ended up with the cocktail and really enjoyed it. Sweet enough to balance the HUM, but still a great drink to go with my appetizer. My husband had the Fire and Ice, which was slightly spicier that we anticipated, but not undrinkable. His second drink was the Rosemary Daisy. He said it reminded him of a margarita-style drink. Appetizers I had the sopes de pato and my husband had the ceviche. I was really looking forward to the Salmon Ceviche, but it had been removed from the menu. I am allergic to squid/octopus, so I was unable to try the mixed ceviche, but my husband assured me that it was fantastic. The Sopes were very good -- I expected the masa cups to be crispy, but the sauce had made them slightly soggy. Didn't effect the taste, only the texture. Main dishesI had the Empanads: Came highly recommended by our server. Really good. In fact, almost perfect. throw a couple lime wedges on that plate so the diner can add a little acidity to their preference, and it would be perfect. It is just a heavy dish, so that little bit of brightness would help. My husband had the Tapou (Red Snapper).  This was not on the server's recommended list, but my husband wanted something lighter (fish seemed a lighter option).  However, upon arrival, we saw that it was breaded and fried -- something not stated on the menu. The taste was ok, it was a little firmer than expected (I know red snapper is a firmer fish than something like cod), but I think the frying and breading made it almost a bit chewy. Again, tasted ok, just a texture thing. And unexpected heaviness.DessertPlantain Bake. GET THIS. I'm not a dessert person, but this was fantastic. Plantains are firmer than bananas, so they don't get mushy. Could have used maybe a little more ice cream, but that's picky. It was really really good. I do have to give credit to our server. He tried to guide us in the right direction on a menu that seems to be still evolving. I think if you take the advice of server, you will be very happy with your meal. I do hope they add some details on the menu for clarity.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,10/26/2013,85,50,,4,4>I'm so excited that this place now exists in Fountain Square! It's close to home, easy-ish parking, and the prices aren't too bad! I had the salted caramel fro-yo and I absolutely died! I, of course, had to throw in some chocolate as well. It seriously tasted so good! Who even knew that it was organic?! And they have lots of great toppings, example: CINNAMON TOAST CRUNCH! Yummy! The decor is so cute and clever - SWINGS IN THE WINDOW! How brilliant for summer! The people working seem pretty nice as well!Hope to see this place sticking around in Fountain Square for quite awhile!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,10/25/2013,158,135,,4,5>We stopped here after a really long, windy, hunger-inducing bike ride to grab carry out today. The food was ready lightning quick.  The stand out for me on our first visit was The Chicken and Sausage Gumbo. They have REALLY great Gumbo here, done right, no cutting corners, as well as, obviously, Po Boys. I am not really into Po Boys or heavy bread and/or sandwiches, but the bread they use here is fantastic and found myself really enjoying my pulled pork Po Boy.  Staff is super friendly, love the atmosphere inside as well as the patio with the Bocce Ball Court.  Wines by the glass priced well at about $5.  I was also very impressed wth the excellent draft and bottled beer list too, Abita available, would be cool if they had some of NOLA Brewery-( which happens to be my favorite brewery there)  but since NOLA is a smaller brewery its probably not readily available for us here in Indy.  I hate to act like some kind of an expert on roux, gumbo, cajun or creole food but I am a frequent visiter of The Big Easy, as well as make a mean gumbo myself, and this place really is spot on and brings a little bit of NOLA to downtown Indy.  So far my favorite cajun restaurant in Indy.  I will definitely be back soon to enjoy some gumbo and a glass of wine or two on the patio this summer. So happy we finally tried this place as now we have another great go-to spot for really good food for days when I am craving gumbo and feel too lazy to make it myself.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,10/24/2013,265,331,,5,5>It really is the best Greek in town.All the typical dishes are stellar- moussaka and various kebabs, but trust me on this: double down on the lemony potatoes. The green beans are pretty awesome too, but these potatoes are some of the best in the WORLD. Melt in your mouth (blow on that thing, though; it is a potato and you will sizzle off a couple layers of the roof of your mouth if you go at it with too much gusto), stop traffic, amazing. I enjoy Greek food pretty much no matter what, but the potatoes elevate this joint above all others. Trust me. And: you're welcome.Other tip: they really do get you in and out in a timely fashion for lunches.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/23/2013,99,63,,7,2>Hello. This little underground gem -literally and figuratively speaking-  is a crafter's dream come true. Whether you are a seamstress, knitter, scrapbooker or just a fly-by-night glue-er and paster, IndyUpcycle is the place to find what you are looking for.Or find something you had no idea you might need!Re-located to Broad Ripple from Carmel, IU is hidden off the beaten path of the B-Rip Village Center. When you open the door you are greeted by a friendly face and a small room lined with plastic containers of all sorts of bits and bobs - buckets of marbles, strong, yarn, fabric, beads, old game boards, old craft magazines, pens, pencils, paper, glue, dollheads, clay, magnets ( how do they work!?) and so much much more. It's a serious DIY-er's dream room.I can attest, it's an addiction. I haven't left yet without a bag bursting at the seams full of good recycled crafty possibilities.Here's how it works:You pay what you want. Yeah, that's right. Pay what you want.This is harder than it seems, but if you think about it, it makes you really think about what stuff is worth. There are, of course, a few things marked. Nicer art supplies and knitting needles are priced individually, for example. And the gentle nudging of small hand-written signs urge customers to share, not to take all of something and to make sure everyone gets a little of the goodies. For example, only cut off the amount of ribbon you think you'll need, or if you don't want 15 yards of gold lame` just cut off the yardage you will need for those hot pants you've been dying to make.All in all, the philosophy behind the place is what mostly attracts me. It's an exchange of ideas, supplies and is how communities should work, sharing and leaving some for the next person, everyone donating to the cause. And of course, they run main,y on donations. Got a scrapbooking habit you need to kick? Drop off the goods at IndyUpcycle. Too much fabric or decide you don't like what you bought? De-clutter and drop off at IndyUpcycle. Sack full of o,d bottle caps you've moved to three different apartments? Drop off at IndyUpcycle. If you have even the teensiest bit of crafty in you, check this place out!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,10/22/2013,140,444,4,4,4>Can you beer me??  No ....?  Seriously?  This is how it's been the last three years we've lived in Carmel.  Nooooo microbrews nearby.  Well - those days are over, ladyelpers and genteyelpers.  So excited to finally try this place out, which is a mere 2 miles from our house.  This really thrills my hubby who is a homebrewer.  This little establishment is very homey and chill.  There is no food so don't come hungry but definitely come thirsty b/c the taps are always pouring something fresh!  We went on St. Patty's day to give it a go and I'd say if their dream of having a beirgarten (*sp??) is true, then this could be a huge hit with the locals!We had a wheat which wasn't super original but was very tasty and I tried the thin mint porter and it was devine but also STRONG. I was buzzin' off of just one!It was not crowded as I think that folks are still discovering this little hidden gem in a stripmall location just off of Rangeline right down the way from special treats Soho and Eat More Cake. P.S.  I believe that in order to truly be a brewer, you must be a big burly 30s something guy with a beard.  All of the ones I have met are, including my hot stuff hubby.  Union Brewing does not disappoint.  He has big dreams, so please support them b/c it's a great concept!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,10/21/2013,13,50,,4,3>This is the biggest Mexican Food Mart/Restaurant that I have yet to see.  It felt like I was sitting in the middle of Cancun enjoying a delicious meal.  I had the seafood small bowl which came with steamed crawfish, crab, shrimp and tilapia.  Came with what felt a million warm corn tortillas. . .  We also had the Alambre which was a bunch of different meats swirled in Mexican Cheese.  Everything was mild with the option of spicing it up.  It was so lovely going through the Mexican Mart after the meal with a real food court built in and tons of souvenirs or tasty treats for the kitchen.  I would definitely love to go back again !  The only thing that I gave a less start to was the lack of customer attention by the waiter / waitress staff.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,10/20/2013,33,82,1,5,5>Have you ever had a meal that just transcended everything you expected about food? Where you said, happily trotting away with a stuffed belly, this is as good as it gets? Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Himalayan Kabob Corner.I can't even tell you what I ate, other than 'everything' during last night's Supper Club, but let me tell you, I had pickled potatoes. Who knew they would rock my world? And buffalo meat! This was fully a win. Ya want more details, go to the restaurant and discover nirvana for yourself.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,10/19/2013,47,296,3,3,2>Maxine's was the perfect place to go to cure our lingering hangovers. What's better than country cooking to sooth a sad stomach full of awful? The place was busy as ever on a Sunday morning, filled with chatter of church goers and the rumble of empty stomachs waiting for their food. Of course, I opted for chicken and waffles. You can't go to a restaurant called Maxine's Chicken and Waffles without ordering said food. It was incredible to say the least. I ordered a strawberry waffle, in which I was surprised that the waffle was actually pink, and a piece of their chicken. It was a glorious mix of tastes. The two food combinations went together beautifully and I left extremely happy with an intent to someday come back for more.My comrades ordered the vegetarian omelet, which looked wonderful, another order of chicken and waffles, but this time with a regular house waffle, chicken tenders subbed in, and an epic foodstuff called the Max Out, which consists of a handmade burger on top of Texas toast with American cheese, sauteed onions, mushrooms, and French fries, covered in gray. Did it just blow your mind? I will absolutely be ordering the Max Out the next time I return to Maxine's restaurant.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,10/18/2013,149,388,2,12,3>Best. Laundromat. Ever.I mean, as good as doing your laundry in a public place could be.  In a word: spotless!  Everything shimmered and hummed so nicely that even in the gloom of a cloudy, drizzle filled day, I felt relaxed, yet productive at the Laundromat.Everything worked!  No machines out of order, no foul odors, no sticky detergent rings, no lint.   Nothing.  The attendant just cleaned, and cleaned, and cleaned.  When he was done cleaning, he cleaned some more!  And after he generously helped out people with any requests or assistance, he cleaned even more.  Oh, and managed to do drop off laundry service as well.There are TV's everywhere, including a special place for the kids playing Disney Channel.  I've been in bars with less entertainment.  The prices are high, but I'll gladly pay for such wonderful convenience.  Amazing, place!Thank you again Yelp for this nameless Laundromat.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,10/17/2013,26,124,3,9,2>After my experience with Two Men and a Truck (my review is on Yelp) I was hesitant about every moving company but College Hunks Moving had the best rates I could find so I decided to try them out.  When I called to get an estimate and schedule a move I talked to Jeff who couldn't have been more helpful.  Over the course of the next few weeks I was able to provide additional information and ask questions via text.  I had to change my move time (twice) and both times they were very accommodating.My move was scheduled for 8am and the guys were there right on time.  They came in, quickly evaluated the move, got the paperwork out of the way and went right to work.  They were very quick but they also took the time to make sure everything was wrapped or strapped correctly.  I had moved most of my stuff to the first floor to save time (since I was paying by the hour) and they had everything loaded in the truck and were on their way to my new apartment in 1.5 hours. I moved into a 6th floor apartment which wasn't really the easiest situation but again the guys worked quickly.  The whole move took just 3 hours and 15 minutes.  I did have one lamp that broke but it wasn't worth much and I'm not really sure I can blame the movers since it really could have happened at any time.  Moving is a pain but these guys made it as painless as it could be.  I hope not to move again for a while but if I do, you better believe I'll be using this service again.  Thank you!!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,10/16/2013,59,136,,2,3>My favorite brewery in Indy.  It's just around the corner from Fountain Square.  Try the pilsner or the Hop for Teacher, those are my favorites.  They have flights, pints and growler-fills (and on Sundays).  If you ask nice, they will also do 1/2 pints for you.  Great staff and very knowledgeable.  They take a great deal of pride in their beer.  The are also proud of their lab, which is unusual to have in a small brewery.  They have pizza that delivers to the brewery.  "No Name Pizza" .  It's not bad, if it is "fresh".  If you see it delivered and are hungry, try some.  Otherwise, find out how long it has been in the warmer.They also feature different artists each month and have various special events thru out the year.  Give it a try.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,10/15/2013,52,78,3,5,3>In the metropolis known as Indianapolis, one need not look any further for healthy beverages that Natural Born Juicers. The staff was extremely helpful in answering all of my questions that I had about their products and even let me try one that I was iffy on (I ended up getting it). I recommend the Sweet Beet to anyone who wants a slightly sweet and tangy drink with extreme health benefits. WARNING- spilling some onf your white blouse could potentially ruin your mood.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,10/14/2013,28,156,1,5,3>Yes, still working on things a bit, but they acknowledge it.  Nice spot for night cap.  Service was great--we had a taste of one of the seasonals on tap.  Drink menu has an awesome collection.  We also had some spinach dip, which I liked, although a little surprised at first it was cold.  Probably a good thing to keep it simple--don't think theres much of a food prep area.  Hope that between this place, the other businesses in the Penn Arts bldg, and Foundry Provisions down the street that this part of town cleans up and perks up!  we sat on the patio outside--cute, but 16th is a busy street, often traversed by the not-so-savory, and i got spittled on by AC units from above. Sorry if this sounds snooty! Love the decor inside and the big windows-- will probably sit inside next time
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,10/13/2013,42,253,5,3,3>After attempting some yucky ice cream, my friends and I decided to just booze it up instead.  Obviously we needed to hit the awesome biergarten.  This seems like a great place to potentially pick up dudes but that might have been the heavy Bostonian accents two of the girls in our group have that had men intrigued.  In any case, folks couldn't have been more friendly and eager to chat and laugh with you on the Friday evening we stopped by for a couple of drinks.  I just loved it in the beirgarten!  How could you not?  You can sit at picnic tables with your gal pals while carb loading on Smithwick's and soft pretzels.  With the aforementioned friendly folks who like dancing to Polka Boy.  The staff is friendly and fun as well.  I like that when you go up to order drinks they don't act annoyed and rolls their eyes when you ask, "Whatcha got back there?  I don't have my glasses on!"Please check out the biergarten if you have never been!  SO much fun.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/12/2013,66,163,,7,3>Well since I'm not on such a Pho kick, I will update because we've been many times since.  I have to say this is my favorite lil gem as far as Asian food in general.  Viet eggrolls are filled w/ground chicken and very crisp. Their double roast pork stir fry is really good.  My husband loves all their sweet chicken dishes.  Of course I still like their beef pho and many more delights.All in all, this is a 5 to me because of great:Food, Prices, Service, Cleanliness, Bright atmosphere, and Oh, did I mention all the condiments on each table?!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,10/11/2013,27,107,,2,2>This is a great local joint in Danville.  It's like walking into a local Panera Bread where things are actually local and more homemade.  All the ingredients are fresh and made right behind the counter.  They have a delicious rotating soup of the day and amazing desserts.  They also have rotating frozen yogurt and homemade savory hand pies.    Oh, and to top it all off, they sell some local produce and grass-fed beef.  The produce includes milk, eggs, tomatoes, etc.  The also sell their own honey produced on a family farm owned by the same people.  Knowing that I am supporting a local family and eating healthy food just makes me fell all warm inside :-)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/10/2013,78,198,,5,2>New record store opened up in the Murphy building for local label Joyful Noise. They carry their own artists and I think some others as well. I definitely noticed something from Asthmatic Kitty. They had vinyl, cds and even cassettes. I'm not sure who's buying the cassettes, but maybe they're so lame they're cool again? The vinyl seems to all come with a code to download a digital copy, which is the best of both worlds. It's a tiny little location, but the staff was really friendly and hours are good. If you're not familiar with any of their artists check out Kishi Bashi. He's pretty awesome.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,10/9/2013,83,198,3,4,4>Yats has done a good job at reproducing the same vibe, ambiance, and quality of food at all of their restaurants.  This location is no exception and ,if anything, has a slight advantage over the 96th spot because of the sheer size of the place. What can I say about Yats that hasn't been said in other reviews (mine or others)?  The food is unique, delicious, relatively cheap, and they have a counter-top full of hot sauces.  The menu changes on a daily basis but they always have the mainstays (Etoufee, Gumbo, Jambalaya, etc.).  Service is simple and quick, and the place has a very local/Cajun feel. My only complaint about Yats is the incredibly full feeling I get after overeating their delicious food.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,10/8/2013,35,98,,6,2>I've been to Augostino's a number of times. It's popular with my family. Most recently I tried their Chicken Verduccio, which is grilled chicken breast topped with prosciutto and mascarpone with a tasty sauce. The sauce is sort of rich and spicy and I've never had anything quite like it. I asked what's the sauce and I was told it's "verduccio" sauce. Spicy may be too strong a word - how about zesty!So two unusual things - served on a bed of roasted potatoes and verducio sauce. The chicken was perfectly cooked, juicy, and tender. The proscuitto was seared giving it a bacon-like quality and the generous dollop of mascarpone balanced the zesty sauce. The potatoes are perfect for scooping up the extra sauce on the plate. Chicken Verduccio is definitely worth trying and it's something I will have again.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,10/7/2013,13,30,,3,2>I have to admit, the first time I came here, it didn't live up to my expectations.  It was the first week they were open, so I figured they just needed to work out the kinks.  A few months later, I returned and those kinks are gone.They offer Angus Beef from Indiana, which was a big draw for me.  My first trip, I didn't have the option to get it cooked medium rare and I felt the burger wasn't really all that special, as I thought the beef was overcooked and lost a bit of that flavor.  This time around though, they asked if I wanted the burger "slightly pink or well done".  Going with slightly pink, they cooked it to perfection.  All of that fresh flavor was retained and I have to say, this is one of the better burgers I've had in a while.  I ordered the Texan, which included grilled onion, BBQ, and Cheddar Cheese.  I thought this set-up complimented the beef really well without overwhelming it.  Their choice in bun was also good, although you probably won't notice it as much with all the awesomeness in between.  As a side, I got the fries (waffle style) and they were really good as well.  As for the restaurant itself, it's pretty bright, but I like the set-up for the most part.  They have one of those touch screen soda machines with a massive selection (they offer beer and wine as well) .  I'm not a fan of the hard seats though - I usually prefer some sort of padded seat.  I have to say that Punch Burger really stepped up their game from when they first opened and I plan to return relatively soon.  Well done.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/6/2013,121,437,3,5,3>Disney has some competition for the most magical place on earth.  Largest hog?  Smallest baby pig?  Bunnies?  Cows?  OMG, yes, yes, yes!!!Must sees -- animals, giant cheese sculpture, Roachill Downs with live roach races, free concerts, and general people watching.Must eats -- beef sundae at the beef tent, pineapple whip, funnel cake, King Tater, Blue Moo (American and blue  grilled cheese)  from the dairy barn and of the year's specials (this year it was the redneck burger, topped with fried bacon, shoestring potatoes and baked beans).  Must arrive -- via bike and park for free in Pedal and Park (and get discounted admission), via train and ride from Fishers, of via carload and take advantage of the BMV carload day.Must ride -- the tractor to pull your overstuffed butt around the fair.  Actual rides? No way! Who wants to be scrambled after you eat all that food?!?!?
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/5/2013,129,314,3,5,4>If there is one food truck roaming the streets of the Circle City that I absolutely crave constantly it's MacGenie. Gooey, cheesy and addicting. I hate buffalo sauce on buffalo wings but the MacGenie buffalo mac and cheese is scrumptious!Food: 5/5Service: 5/5
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,10/4/2013,98,116,6,4,3>A haiku for Patachou:Where have you been friendGranola, chicken sausage 'Til we meet again
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,10/3/2013,75,186,,2,2>Cute boutique consignment shop for kids' clothes, featuring natural toys and local artisans of some seriously cute baby clothes. Especially adorable are the wool longies. Only one type of cloth diaper, but it's OK. There's a lot of other stuff to look at. They take appointments to buy kids' clothes, & give a better price than OUAC, plus it's local.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,10/2/2013,30,118,,5,2>The Awesome:Based on the quality of acts they get here this place is 4 stars. If it wasn't for the vogue, about half of the garage rock bands I love probably wouldn't see the light of day in Indiana. The Sad Face:The credit/debit card minimum for drinks is $15! That's highway robbery. I understand trying to not get eaten alive by processing fees but a $15 minimum is basically a way to force you into getting two drinks or leaving a tip that might score you a hug from the bartender. Overall, I really do dig the place, the $15 minimum is my only complaint. FIN(explosion)
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/1/2013,60,619,,4,2>What a charming little place, tucked in the corner of the shopping center which is also home to the Northisde Social.  The menu is amazing -- everything looks great -- and the service was prompt and friendly.  Best of all, the food was beautifully prepared and presented.  They are open very limited hours, but I will definitely try again.  Be careful with the low-hanging light fixtures.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,9/30/2013,185,178,2,7,2>Oddly the same Vietnamese song was played over and over and over during our recent visit at Pho 36. But, that did nothing to mar our dining experience. This place is wonderful. The service is good and their pho and banh mi and spring rolls are great. The Vietnamese chicken wings are delicious but really sticky & messy. And sticky. And, the prices are incredibly reasonable. Huge bowls of Pho for $7.99 and large banh mi sandwiches for $3.50. Dang.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,9/29/2013,287,451,2,3,5>Nicks is another staple on the west side that you'll find affordable, with friendly service and a nice, large dining area in a newly remodeled building. Carry out is popular here and they do it well. We always do carry out and it's still warm when we get it home to dine with our fur babies. The window tinting is great here but it will deceive you thinking their closed. My husband thought that again tonight as we drove up after dining here forever.The polish sausages are my personal favorites and we enjoy with sauerkraut, onions and cheese. The sweet potato fries are tasty as well. Other favorites of ours are the chili, chili dogs, tenderloin and fries. The only problem I've had with them is the upcharge of $1.00 per dog for a couple teaspoons of sauerkraut. It's one of the cheapest toppings you can purchase and their upcharge is almost as much as the polish sausage itself. My husband says pay it or leave it off but get over it. I could always add at home but that defeats my purpose of eating out. I have trouble understanding why an additional dollar for sauerkraut? Regardless, be prepared for the dollar upcharge when adding sauerkraut. Great place to grab a dog or bowl of chili.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,9/28/2013,68,197,,8,4>We had torn up the carpet in our dining room some time ago and had decided to hold out for nice flooring, giving up the laminate we thought we wanted.  We weren't quite ready to move forward with the new flooring, and since we were in no hurry, we were shopping around for style and price.Everything was wrong.  Too red.  Too traditional.  Too ugly.  We just kept shopping.  Our hand was forced when my UK in-laws announced a late summer visit.  Well, there was this ONE floor we had kind of liked, so we ordered it.  Of course, it was out of stock.I mentioned Floors To Your Home to Mr. Jen F.  Truthfully, I wasn't expecting much because their prices are really low.  One Saturday morning, we stopped in and were greeted by Jeff K.  He was so helpful.  He was receptive to what we were looking for and was honest about our options.  We took home a few samples and quotes, but it was easy to make the selection.  We placed the order with him by phone and the flooring was to be ready in about 2 weeks.  PIck up was a breeze.  One box was damaged in transit and they pointed that out to us, inspecting the contents with us.  Only a couple of planks had minimal damage, so we took the box with us.  They did let us know that if we ended up being short, they would make sure we got a new box at no charge.We also purchased felt pad and glue from Floors To Your Home.  THE FLOOR IS BEAUTIFUL.  We aren't finished, but I couldn't wait to post because the floor is so beautiful.  With the prices at Floors To Your Home, we are able to do the dining room and foyer.IA few days after we picked up the floor, a handwritten note came in the mail from Jeff K., thanking us for our purchase.  This kind of action speaks volumes to me.If you find yourself shopping for flooring, stop in at Floors To Your Home and ask for Jeff K.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,9/27/2013,239,182,2,2,4>The burgers are awesome (natch) and huge but the cajun seasoned fries are what stole the show for me. Been craving these fries since I left.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,9/26/2013,22,151,,8,1>Where do I begin?  The atmosphere was absolutely fantastic, it is somewhere that you would be able to go dressed up or dressed down.  The hummus was fantastic and large portioned!  At first glance I thought that the prices were a little expensive until I saw the portions of the meals.  The money was well worth it.  Their baklava was the most amazing baklava I have ever had!  It was so fresh and tasted absolutely amazing paired with their coffee.  Will definitely be becoming a regular here!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/24/2013,77,113,,4,3>LOVE this winery! I also love taking advantage of the FREE wine tastings (somewhat of rarity these days). The staff is always extra helpful and can really steer you in the right direction of finding a wine you'll love. The rhubarb is the best but their seasonal flavors (such as strawberry right now!) are amazing. The atmosphere is also nice and the interior is extra cozy. It's affordable and welcoming, why wouldn't you come?
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,9/23/2013,33,209,,5,3>I was looking for somewhere to eat around Danville after 10 pm other than Steak and Shake, and discovered this place.  Just down the street from the Mayberry Cafe, Diesel's is half bar and half restaurant, but it's fine for families.  They have a cool mural of a truck stop on the walls, and the front end of a semi behind the bar.We started with the nachos, adding the pulled pork.  They use freshly fried tortilla chips which were then covered with white queso, diced tomatoes and jalapenos, served with guacamole on the side.  They were crispy and tasty, with a nice smoky flavor from the pork.  The burgers can be ordered as build your own, or you can select one of their specials.  We had one which came topped with crumbled Italian sausage, marinara sauce and buffalo mozzarella, and was cooked perfectly to medium well as ordered.  The brioche bun did a great job of soaking up the sauce and fat without turning too mushy.  The other burger was topped with shrimp in a Cajun sauce and was equally satisfying.  The fries have a light batter coating which kept them hot and crispy.  A side of mac and cheese with bacon and jalapenos was quickly devoured by my son.  Prices averaged about $12/person for entrees ... this might sound a little steep for burgers and fries, but these are so far from ordinary, and to support a new local business, I think it's totally worth it.  My family is looking forward to going back.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,9/22/2013,18,90,2,4,4>My favorite go to indian place in the midwest.First of all let me start off by saying for the uninitiated that there are broadly 2 kinds of indian cuisine ie. north and south; that are available in the multiple restaurants in the US. Usually, restaurants specialize in one of them and a few do try to do both, but very few can pull it off the way india sizzling manages to.The lunch buffet over here is nothing short of awesome which becomes quite evident when you have to wait in long lines to get a spot to eat.I have had dinner over here a couple of times and done take-out multiple times and no matter what i have had, its always been good.I am a regular over here for the lunch buffet and have yet to find a place in the midwest that is so well rounded in all their dishes.My only complaint from them used to be their service which was quite lacking in the past. however, that issue has been resolved in my opinion and I feel very comfortable in returning here again and again
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,9/21/2013,61,189,,4,2>***Taps playing in the background***It is always a sad day when a local favorite has to close their doors to a public that adores them. I am afraid that they have closed what a fun concept it was and friendly people. You will be missed Good Life!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/20/2013,100,362,,7,2>On the recommendation of my hair stylist, we took a quick jaunt over to ReStore, looking for a filing cabinet. We didn't find anything to suit our needs but if you are remodeling you NEED to check out ReStore. TONS of cabinets -- some even in cherry, to the tune of $2k for a kitchen's worth -- lots of countertops and even lots of toilets. Plus plenty of odds and ends -- a dozen Methodist hymnals anyone? -- to keep you entertained. It's strictly cash and carry -- no holds. They also had a fair assortment of furniture although it was, to me, of the "first apartment" variety. Basically, good prices and a good cause.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,9/19/2013,164,127,4,6,6>HOLY METER MAID, BATMAN! - This place is awesome. I stumbled into Goose The Market, when I first set foot in this beautiful Indy town; being not impressed with most, if not all of the food places that I was introduced to.. My co-worker, who was tired of hearing about the Minneapolis food movement or the Brooklyn movement, decided to show me, Indy's version - and boy, did he show me! After all that's been written about it, praising the Batali sandwich would be an exercise in redundancy, but praise it we must.Try Enoteca downstairs for a glass of wine, and get a cheese plate.The market is built around the love of phenomenal food, the people who passionately produce it, and the rest of us who can't wait to get our hands on it. The Goose is chef-owned and -operated, and if you really love food then you will love the Goose.Stop what you're doing, and go there now!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,9/18/2013,131,130,2,7,3>Someone says, "O! Woe is me! Where can I get an affordable but totally rockin' haircut in Indy?" and I say, "Salon Orange Moon. Duh." Not enough stars for this salon because they are officially rock stars in every way. Wanna feel VIP without the ridiculous price tag? Make an appointment with Veronica.I think I forget that I even have hair until it starts looking like a hot mess. When I call in to get a hair fixer-upper, I make an appointment with SOM's groovy staff. Whether you are an early bird or a world-class procrastinator like myself, booking an appointment is a breeze. The décor is clean, bright, cheerful, modern, and relaxing. Orange, white, and stainless steel colors. The hair products that they use and sell are quality and worth every penny. All natural selections are my fav, particularly the Momo shampoo and conditioner. O.M.G. My hair can sing now.My SOM experience differs every time, but is always a treat! The stylists know their chit, people. Trust them. I have gone in with zero idea of how to cut my hair, and the stylists were more than helpful in trying to give me ideas of style and cut. I'm not into doing my hair anyways, just straighten it and go. 1) because my hair is thin, straight, and doesn't hold any curls, and 2) I'm way to busy to worry about the statement my hair is making. So when I explain all this to the stylist, I'm given useful tips on how to quickly give my lifeless locks some oomph when I'm on the go. Their staff is always so cool and upbeat that sometimes I forget I'm in a salon and just act like I would with my friends. Yeah, its that chill. The price range for a cut is $35-60, and they also do fantastic colorings, extensions, perms, relaxers, make-up application, full make-up lesson, and minor hair removal. It's always nice when you plan on spending 2 hours here doing a coloring, cut, and style to just sit back and chill with a complimentary mini-facial, hand massage, foot soak, and some drink. I covet the Aveda licorice-peppermint herbal tea they carry.I heard about SOM from Heather H. a few years ago, and I haven't looked back since. They princess pamper me every time I'm there, which leads to me spending waaaay too much money. Hey, what can I say? They know their chit.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,9/17/2013,62,33,,3,3>I've always really enjoyed Jimmy Johns.  Really solid sandwiches, extremely affordable prices, fast delivery, and quite a few locations throughout the city.   In my opinion is the best chain subs available right now.  Let me start of by touching on the variety Jimmy Johns offers.  Tons of sandwiches, a few different fresh baked bread choices, and just about any condiment or vegetable you'd like on your sandwich.  For the calories counters, the #4 Turkey Tom with no Mayo will fill you up at around 350-450 calories.  For those of you that want a monster sub as big as your head, the Gargantuan will fill your needs.  The "Garg" comes loaded with every meat, tons of veggies, oil/vinegar, and mayo ... It's a real gut buster.  Couple either options with a wide variety of chips, a cookie, and a soda and you're set.   Other than the removal of sprouts from their menu, I have zero complaints about the food.I'm also a huge fan of Jimmy Johns delivery because it's usually as fast as their commecials say.  When I order a sandwich and it is usually here in 10-15 minutes max.  The only complaint I've had is their delivery radius.  In the past I've lived in areas where I was 5 minutes from a Jimmy Johns, but I was out of their delivery range.  I've heard quite a few people complain about this.  If you're wanting delivery but not wanting the calories of a pizza or Chinese food, Jimmy Johns is a nice alternative.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/16/2013,8,58,,5,2>With all of the pizza choices in the Burg, Panoony's makes it easy on you. Anytime I get something else I wished I'd just gotten a Noony. It just keeps getting better as the menu expands. I'm very critical of inconsistency or just average customer service and I never have to worry about either of those so long as it comes from Panoony's. The standard of quality here nearly unheard of as every time i open the box, i can see that the person who made my pizza gave a shit about it. Their crust is soft without being doughy. The menu is diverse enough to satisfy my adventurous palate with pizzas, wings and calzones. The restrooms were clean as was the kitchen area from what I saw. The wings are huge and come out to be two wings per wing. Don't ask me how that works. Their bacon is somehow noticeably better than other pizza places. There are many things on the menu that I'm anxious to try. With their coupons and daily specials it ends up costing no more than the other places. The area is saturated with competition. Within 1.6 miles there is Panoony's, Pizza Hut, Sal's, Donato's, Rockstar Pizza, Dawson's II, Papa Johns and Domino's. Thats four big chains and four local businesses all competing against each other. I don't mind paying two extra bucks for something I can't get anywhere else and supporting local businesses. That, and the food is worth it. I highly recommend the buffalo chicken pizza but you really can't go wrong with anything here.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,9/15/2013,150,96,5,2,4>WHOA WHOA WHOA!  You this spot is a daggum truth.  First time I went was a anniversary party, they had a BBQ buffet with all the side you could think...food was sooooooo good.  But it was packed and the clientele, to be honest, on that day was a bit frightening.  Being shived, I thought was an option.  But I got past it.  I made my way back for lunch this week.  Yeah it is amazing.  I got the garlicy ranch smoked wings to split with my lunch partner.  TOP NOTCH!  Thanks for the tip Libbie V!  The special of the day was the beef brisket burger.  This is in house smoke brisket folded into ground beef, then made into a perfect 8 oz patty.  Served with an onion ring on top with some mayo and BBQ sauce.  $8 for that and fries.  This burger was huge and one of the best I have had.  With every bite you got a hint of the smoke from the brisket.  There is no way that I will not make this a monthly lunch or dinner spot.  The converted old Roselyn Bakery sign is as nostalgic as it can get in Indy as well.  Don't go though because if you do the secret will be out of the bag and I won't be able to get a seat the next time.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,9/14/2013,227,380,2,2,5>Okay, so I totally wasn't prepared for such a large event, and that's my bad. I should have researched how big this event really is, studied the maps and websites, and had a better game plan. Simply "walking around tasting beer" is a great plan, until you forget what you've tried and where you've been. Holy smokes is this an awesome event!This isn't your typical beer tasting event. Nooo sir. This is a bad ass, all out event with multiple tents spread over acres and acres of space. As for the beer.. the standard breweries you'd expect to see were there, such as your Oaken Barrel, Triton, Sun King, etc. In addition, places I had never heard of were all over the place too, sampling such creative selections as chocolate beer (which held true to it's advertising that it tasted like cocoa puffs) and strawberry basil beer, which started off with a strong basil flavor and then the subtleness of the strawberries came through in the end.Two hours and several pints in, this Yelper had to excuse himself before he drank so much he "Yelped" all over the place. Next year, I'll be sporting the pretzel necklace. The people who brought these are genius!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,9/13/2013,54,117,2,5,5>I went with a group of Yelp elites for dinner during North Side Nights week (March 11-24). OMG. AAHHmazing!!! I will be going back to try other things! So, The Local is pretty cool because, get this, they use ingredients that are local (whenever possible). They are currently in the process of obtaining certification for being a "green" restaurant from the Green Restaurant Association. I have no idea exaclty what that is, but they would be the first restaurant in Indiana to be certified, which is also pretty cool and admirable. I know that we don't focus on this stuff in the Midwest, but it is important to use sustainable things when possible and support local biz (and you are supporting local biz directly and indirectly by eating at The Local). Hugs all around. On to the food. First, I had a generous glass of chardonnay! It was a good pour. They also have lots of local beers. I wasn't in a beery mood, tho. Check out northsidenightsindy.com for complete menu and what we had to choose from.I had the salad of mixed endive and radicchio with almonds, honey ricotta, fricco wafer and sherry garlic vinaigrette. I am not always a huge fan of endive and radicchio; I prefer less bitter greens. However, the greens were a great mix with the dressing and cheese. I really love salads and any green besides iceburg, so it's usually all about the dressing for me. I love vinaigrettes, and this one did not disappoint. It was evenly tossed throughout the salad. Very good.For my entree, I branched out and had the herb gnocchi with asparagus, peas, wild mushrooms, goat cheese mousse, and smoked beurre blanc. OMG. Taste bud heaven. I am telling you, it tasted so fresh, and had a smokey delicious flavor. I really don't have words to describe it. Just trust me. I only wish there was more that i could have taken home. Alas, I ate it all. On to dessert. I wasn't horribly excited about the choices for dessert, and our server must have sensed this in my hesitation to choose, so she offered me two other choices. I don't even remember what the last one was, but I opted for the goat cheese cheesecake with raspberry. I have never had goat cheese cheesecake-it was soooo good. I will say that I tasted both of the other dessert options, and I should not have hesitated. Any of them would have been awesome.So, in conclusion, get yourself to The Local. It was amazing. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,9/12/2013,295,229,4,5,6>My first Indian food experience in Indy. It only took three years! Vegetarian boyfriend had never had it, so the trek had to be made.Shalimar is warm and inviting, and the servers were really nice. Ordered a round of Kingfisher beer, which was super tasty. Then we were kind of left alone and awkward until people who came in after us just went to the buffet. PUT YOUR EATING PANTS ON. I had a full plate even before I got to the curry cart near the end of the buffet. Obviously a second plate was needed. The garlic naan was SCHWING. I would eat that every day if Scott Pilgrim hadn't warned me that bread makes you fat. I was ready to bring in a bucket to fill up with mushroom saag and basmati. The mushroom saag was very reminiscent of the spinach & mushroom etoufee at Yats, although hot sauces didn't seem to be available. The entire buffet was at a very low spice, and I understand why, but some hot offerings or sauce options. I didn't like the chicken dishes, but all of the vegetarian options were stellar. I almost had to be rolled out. It super grossed me out that there were so many people dining at the buffet who were offended when a server told them to get a new plate. Perhaps the "get a new plate each time" sign needs to be bigger or Shalimar can threaten these walking health code violations. Yelp told me that there was a coupon on coupons4indy.com, and I got $1 off my meal.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,9/11/2013,167,357,2,6,3>Short version: Great specials throughout the week (check their website), delicious beers, good food, available lot parking (hard to come by in B-Rip)Long version:  My favorite yelper and I were looking for a place to have dinner (totally forgot it was St. P day) and a few local brews.  I'd been here before a few years ago, and I remembered liking their breadsticks and I was in a "gimme carbs now" kind of mood so this place was perfect.  The atmosphere here is great.  Everyone is welcome here.  I saw elderly people, couples with babies and people just wanting to get their St. P drank on.  This place would also be great for groups.  They have a private room, but also have lots of seating for groups at picnic tables.  During the summer months they have available outdoor seating, but it's right on Broad Ripples Ave which gets a little loud.Food here is also great.  I've had pizza, breadsticks and most recently discovered the awesomeness that is a Thr3e Wise Men calzone.  How many times have I typed 'calzone' into the yelp search bar only to be disappointed by not finding any promising results?  Too many to count.  Here is where you can get that calzone!  They let you pick two of their many pizza toppings and throw it in a delicious calzone with parm and moz cheese.  My choice?  The ham and spinach calzone: amazeballs.    Their menu isn't extensive, but they prepare what they offer really well.  Breadsticks (must get with some cheese dipping sauce), pizza, hot sandwhiches and calzones are this place's calling cards.  Beer?  Let's talk about the beer.  Gosh, I'm a sucker for a good local brew and this place delivers!  I tried their blackberry wheat (delish) and their snow bunny blonde (also delish).  I'd love to come do a flight here some night and taste all their brews.Service was spot on.  Our waitress was friendly and promptly brought out popcorn for us to munch on while we perused the menu.  Popcorn??  Awesome!  She came around just enough to make sure our drinks didn't sit empty and was attentive which surprised me since the place was packed for the holiday.  All in all:  Beer+calzones? You just earned yourself a regular!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,9/10/2013,73,176,,3,2>It is hard to beat anything that can entertain you for hours and is absolutely free. I have been able to visit the museum on a few different occasions, and love the Final Friday events. The last Friday of each month brings in live music, bars set up on a couple different floors, and late night hours to enjoy the exhibits when it would normally be closed. I am by no means a connoisseur (thank you spell check) of fine arts, and to be honest, I was expecting to be bored with the actual exhibits. For some reason I had pictured in my head that it would just be rooms and rooms of weird lines drawn on black canvases that look like a 10 year old could recreate but was instead labeled as fancy art. While there were a couple of things here that made me wonder why somebody would want to buy it, I was way wrong about what the IMA had to offer. There were fantastic paintings and sculptures in many different styles that offered something for everybody's taste. The thing that surprised me the most was how much of the IMA was dedicated to exhibits that I more expected to find in a natural history museum than an art gallery. During my visit, there were lots of artifacts from all across the world from many different time periods, and was the highlight of my visit. All of the pieces are well labeled with all of the info that you would want regarding the piece and the creator.I have not yet had the opportunity to walk the grounds, but based on everybody I have talked to, it is something I have to do in the very near future. I look forward to making it back, and am glad that we have such a great facility right here in Indy.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,9/9/2013,49,140,2,6,5>Since moving to Indy, I've been trying Mexican restaurants all over the area in hopes of finding something good.  When you drive past a Mexican restaurant in a strip mall named "Biscuits" it really makes you stop and think.  This has to be the strangest name for a Mexican restaurant I've ever heard.So...I indeed stopped...and on Cinco de Mayo no less!  The place was PACKED which is a good sign.  The staff were friendly and quick, the food is cooked right in front of you so you have a good feel for what's going on and the menu is pretty broad.I ordered the burrito ranchero and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was.  There was a bit of heat to the red sauce and it actually tasted fresh.  The amount of food was substantial and the price...very reasonable.  That being said....I'll be back cuz I needs to taste me some of these "mexican biscuits" next time!  :)Nom Nom Nom.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,9/8/2013,115,246,4,9,5>Fun, industrial-feeling hot dog joint with a limited but unique menu. I'm really digging all the new restaurants around 86th and Michigan. For the four of us we ordered an Italian Beef (mixed peppers, wet), Chicago Hot Dog (mustard, relish, sliced red tomato, chopped onions, pickle spear, peppers), Windy City Chili Hot Dog (plus onions and cheese), and the Chicago Blue Burger (with onion rings, Gorgonzola and bacon). The burger was juicy and tangy, and both hot dogs were excellent. The chili on the Windy City Dog was especially flavorful. We found the Italian Beef to be bitter and a bit bland and none of us would necessarily go out of our way to order that item again.Of note, CHDC has really great customer service. Friendly, helpful and super freaky fast. No bored, untrained teenagers working here!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,9/7/2013,29,64,2,3,3>Brother was in town for a Pacers game (he called it a Bulls game) and we met him and his family here for dinner. I've seen the giant grill hanging on the front of the building so many times, but I've never been inside.I was pleasantly surprised with the dimly-lit, woodtone interior and giant, cozy booth that fit 4 adults and a little one with elbow room.  Various games on tvs filled any lulls in the convo.  Sound level not loud, either.  We were able to carry conversation across a large table.I highly recommend Weber Grill for tender, grilled meats in the center of the city.  The beercan chicken tastes like my home recipe:  tender & seasoned only enough to keep the kids interested.  The shortribs fell right off the bone &, yes, I licked the bbq sauce off my fingers!But, oy Geshmak, the brisket was amazing!  It was served in nice, tender slices instead of a shredded pile.  I would return to Weber to specifically order this delicious brisket.Shrimp skewers and garlic mashed potatoes are pretty standard but they're good. Thin, crispy onion strings aren't overly greasy. The service was outstanding - our server was friendly, nice to our niece, and knowledgable about Indy.  Prompt with drink refills and local advice, but didn't hover at all.Nice selection of craft beers including local favorites such as Fountain Square Brewery.  Our niece was impressed by her large vanilla ice cream bowl with a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie tucked on the side.I'll bet there are other menu items, including salads, but I'll admit... when there's a grill climbing up the side of the building, it's not a time to go veggie!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,9/6/2013,82,108,2,4,2>I'm so lucky I live and work near this place, because it's a rockin' bakery. I have a vegan coworker, and when we buy treats for the office we always go to Parcha Sweets because they have at least one vegan cupcake at all times. Walk in and smell the various pies and cupcakes, all tempting you to buy, buy, BUY! I had (had, like someone HAD to go buy cupcakes) to find red, white and blue cupcakes for work. Kroger, Marsh and Fresh Market were all full of St. Patrick's Day clearance items and no patriotic anything was to be found. I went to Parcha Sweets, knowing that I had seen plain white cupcakes there before, and I thought that plain white would suffice for what I needed. Both ladies working the store went to the back and found 24 solid white cupcakes that hadn't been decorated yet. They found red and blue sprinkles and made these cupcakes special for me, on the spot. I was so stunned by their accommodating for my need, considering I didn't call in advance. Not only were they kind with the cupcakes but they offered me coffee and stuffed all 24 of the cupcakes into individual containers.Now that, is service. Plus, they're delicious.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,9/5/2013,17,55,2,4,3>After reading all the reviews, I though I definitely have to give this place a try. After my first visit, it became 1 of 2 of my favorite restaurants in Greenwood. The service is always excellent - the family that owns the restaurant is wonderful and very welcoming. I definitely agree that the pastries are addicting and delicious. You could go in 2 days in a row (yes, I've done this already) and they will have different pastries to try.For example, they have different flavors of biscotti each day, and all are delicious so far. The unique thing that I love about their biscotti is they make it softer. This seems to make it more moist and I like that you don't have to even dip it in coffee. The "Italian crack" or the Piazze di Formmagio is AMAZING and just as addicting as everyone says!!! The entrees are good too, my favorite so far is the Italian hamburger.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,9/4/2013,66,229,4,2,4>This place is perfectly old school. What an awesome Irish neighborhood pub in a location that probably didn't seem odd years and years ago. The staff was super friendly . The Michelob on tap was great, and the burger was phenominal in a throwback bar burger way. It was all extremely reasonably priced as well. I also enjoyed the inclusion of a bar of Irish Spring soap in the men's room.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,9/3/2013,111,37,2,9,4>Four of us tried this place for lunch, we had read so many great reviews on Yelp and we have to agree with the majority, this place is awesome!We each picked an entree, you get to share the dishes since everything is served in a large platter. The items we chose spanned the spectrum of dishes offered: spicy lamb, spinach chicken, rare beef and the vegetable combo. Since all the food is freshly prepared after you order, it does take a few minutes to get your food but it's well worth it - everything tasted fresh, carefully prepared and authentic. The platter even looked stunning, with the meat dishes in the center and the vegetable combo dispersed in segments around the parameter. The lamb, greens and the lentils were favorites but everything was great. Our friendly waiter explained everything and checked on us frequently - great service. The food was delicious, we tried each dish by themselves and mixed some things together to further excite our taste buds. They give you some condiments that enhance the experience: a green pepper sauce, red pepper sauce (I think it was cayenne - very hot and tasty) and some crumbled cheese that was a lot like feta.Be sure to order the coffee ceremony when you order your food - they will roast the beans and bring them to your table so you can enjoy the smell before they grind it up and serve the thick and amazing elixir, served with popcorn!We loved this place - if you have had Ethiopian food before, this will rank among the best, if you haven't tried it before then do yourself a favor and try this unique dining experience and amazing food. Allow yourself some time, this isn't fast food, it's something to relish and share.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,9/2/2013,388,59,,9,2>When you already have restaurants like Siam Square and Black Market under your belt, the bar is set high for your next project. With Rook, restaurateurs Ed and Sasathorn Rudisell cleared that bar with room to spare.The narrow space (designed by Nikki Sutton) is sparsely decorated with "downed" telephone poles, strands of light, and wooden Rooks in a nook. It's predominantly white - ceilings, tables, walls - with a splash of color provided by yellow metal chairs. The wall and ceiling surrounding the counter are covered by posters (designed by Amy McAdams) for concerts that never happened.The menu, like the design, is simple: bahn mi (think Vietnamese sub), cracklins, macarons. I ordered the Rainbird, which features Indian-spiced tofu alongside pickled Korean radish and carrots, cilantro, mayonnaise, and jalapeños (which are the standard dressing for all nine of the sandwiches on the menu). The Rainbird was delicious but extremely light, so I'll probably tuck into Chinese BBQ pork or beef peanut curry next time. I ordered the pork cracklins but preferred my wife's shrimp chimps.Rook is proof that fast casual doesn't have to be cheap or cheesy and that 'fusion' isn't necessarily a synonym for pretense. I'm looking forward to making my next trip soon.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,9/1/2013,93,210,,4,2>Absolutely love Heartland/Truly Moving Pictures and what they do for our city. I've enjoyed going to the festival the last five years and have watched the festival grow each year. They are a fantastic organization that focuses on films giving positive messages.Ever since they moved their offices to the amazing neighborhood of Fountain Square, they have shown a film every first Friday that has been a feature at a previous festival. It is great whether or not you like the film because most of the films never get the appreciation they deserve and it's great to see them showing films that have won or been up for an Academy Award.I keep visiting each First Friday to see what Heartland has to offer and I will enjoy watching them grow here in Fountain Square and keep being a patron to the festival! Thank you Heartland :)
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,8/31/2013,20,66,2,9,2>Cerulean was a tough restaurant to rate. I wish we had half star options, as I'd probably give a 3.5 instead of a full 4.Fiance and I had dinner here on Valentine's Day. First off, we were lucky enough to be seated in the awesome woven "bird's nest" part of the restaurant. Super cool. The atmosphere was chic and modern and very calming (think greys and blues). Kudos so far.The cocktails were excellent. Think Ball & Biscuit or Libertine-style concoctions. Fiance ordered a delicious smoky cocktail with jalapeno, mezcal, and smoky bitters. Mine was a tangerine, grapefruit, and gin mixture. Major yum on both counts -- very well balanced and flavorful.The menu looks fabulous, and I love small plate restaurants that allow you to try multiple dishes instead of committing to just one entree. We ordered a few plates each from the small, medium, and large categories. The food was very pretty and artsy. Unfortunately, everything was really... good. Not great, not outstanding, not delicious... just "good." It actually got frustrating that every plate we ate was just one inch away from being great. A pinch of salt would've made my short ribs amazing. The bison pate had very nice flavor, but it was served in huge slabs with thick, buttery brioche. The dish was way too rich, and while it was served with pickled veggies and mustard cream, the proportions were way off. The duck bacon on another dish was tasty, but it was served with a bland risotto -- could have benefitted from some fresh herbs. I have no idea who the chef is here, but the food tastes "young."I will return to Cerulean because, as I mentioned, I loved the cocktails, and the food has real promise. I wouldn't mind grabbing drinks and trying more of the small plates (and maybe being "that" girl who carries a salt shaker in her purse!). The more "modern" menu reminds me of places like Recess or Oakleys, but Cerulean isn't on that level... yet.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/30/2013,41,130,1,5,4>Last night was my first stop in here, and considering I live right around the corner, I can't believe how long it took me to make it in here. The restaurant itself, is cute, clean, with a slightly vintage-y and very hip feel. You walk up to the counter and order your burger (or sandwich or salad, as they do offer more than just burgers). I decided to go with the "Wild Wild West" burger. It comes complete with BBQ sauce, fried onion rings, and thick cut bacon. Oh yes, and a large amount of cheddar cheese. I have to admit, while I am not a huge burger fan, I do crave one every once and awhile, and last night this hit the "burger spot". It was extremely overindulgent, but man, did it taste good. Crispy bacon, salty, crunchy onion rings and sweet tangy BBQ sauce? Yes please! The burger patty itself was juicy and in this burger, took more of a backseat to the toppings. I am okay with that. My boyfriend ended up ordering the "Maui Wowie" and he was really pleased with his decision as well. We also ended up getting an order of the "Boogie Fries". This just really put things over the top. I was fine ordering just the garlic herb topped fries, but the BF wanted to try these. I do not regret it, but I can tell you I will have to put in a bit more time at the gym today. These french fries were topped with the garlic herb mix (delish!), then with bleu cheese sauce & crumbles, and then with bacon and sautéed onions. We just got 1 order to split and we ate about 1/4 of the entire box. They were really good, but for me, the bleu cheese got overpowering after awhile. But I would definitely recommend them to people.I would love to stop in here again, the next time I get a craving for a burger and try the "Disco Inferno" burger, and maybe a milkshake!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,8/29/2013,730,209,4,9,8>Wonderful choice of meats and veggies from a small local farm.  But don't let this farm fool you.  From the street it just looks like a normal home, but once you step foot on the property you notice it has a lot more behind the home.I was lucky enough to enjoy a cook out/tour of the farm.  I got to meet the farmers and they're staff.  Wonderful group of people.  The food was amazing and fresh.Highly recommend!!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,8/28/2013,10,46,2,3,5>Totally loved this place!  We had a team idling event there, and Chef JJ and the staff were a total dream to work with.  We kept changing the numbers, etc., but they took everything in stride and planned a perfect event incorporating some friendly competition, great local brews, and fabulous food!  Of course, we cooked quite a bit of food ourselves on the Big Green Eggs, but that was all part of the fun and the challenge... Plus, we got lots of help and guidance from the staff. Half of our group was in town from Europe and Asia, so I wanted something that was fun, interactive, and uniquely American.  This fit the bill perfectly, and the space was perfect for our needs.  I was a little nervous driving into the strip mall parking lot, because the space looks a little nondescript from the outside.  Inside, though, is a different story.  The tables are great, and the views of the river from the patio out back were really gorgeous.I recommended Chef JJ's Backyard based solely on Yelp reviews, and I looked like a hero... Thanks, Yelpers!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/27/2013,34,58,1,5,3>I'm astonished that I haven't reviewed La Parada before.  I often stop by on my drive home from work.  The portions are massive, and their salsa is fantastic.  (Whenever I am going to a party I will stop by and purchase some chips and salsa to bring along. It is always a big hit.)  They have just moved to new premises, in the strip mall right behind the old one.  The new locale gives them much more room to handle the lunch rush.  The only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is that they no longer serve beer.  I'm hoping they are in the process of applying for a new liquor license for the new location.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,8/26/2013,82,177,3,6,4>My mom and I decided to come here on a spur-of-the-moment decision being that I live downtown...we had salads in mind, but pasta is the pretty much the next best thing. I'd never been but my mom had as apparently my Grandpa always insisted on going to Milano Inn for celebrations when she was younger. To her the interior hadn't changed (much if any), and that's what made it more... homier for her. I could definitely tell Milano has been around for awhile with the mix of Italian food and...rustic-ness smells.Our server was quite awesome and on cloud 9 (being that his first child had been born) and was very helpful with selecting the meal. Mom had the veal with spaghetti on the side and although it didn't look too appetizing, it was realllllllly good. I got the seasonal special blackened fish with pasta & a lemon cream sauce. I really don't like lemon in any style except as a slice in my water... but this stuff was GOOD. Yeah there's a bit of a lemon taste but not overwhelming. Oh & salad & bread. you can't beat that, especially with homemade dressing!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,8/25/2013,28,308,1,3,4>This isn't my favorite place in Indy. This isn't even my favorite place in Fountain Square. But, in the end, I really like Red Lion. They serve good food, have a good atmosphere and have good beer on tap.I like that they do the daily specials. The food specials are always a really good deal, but it's always just one item. For instance, one time it was two for one fish and chips. Great deal, but what if you're with someone who doesn't fish and chips? The drinks specials are better on the off-days, but I think that's the case everywhere. They tend to get some interesting beers. Triton and Fountain Square are listed on their beer menus, with the caveat that they rotate. This was also the place where I first tried Indiana City.One thing I really like here is the burger. They cook it well, and it's tasty. One of the few places in Indy I've been to where they actually cook it how you order it (i.e. - "medium" does not come out well-done). IIRC (but I could be wrong), they also have Heinz 57, which is just such a rarity, especially in the Midwest. You can't wrong with that condiment though. The fries (as in something to dip in the Heinz 57) are really good as well.They try to put spins on the burgers, and I just don't know if it's executed that well. For instance, the "roasted red pepper burger" was topped with red peppers that had been put on the grill for a minute or so, and something they called "blue cheese cream sauce" that was orange. It's still a good burger, but I would probably just build my own next time.Service is usually attentive and relatively friendly. They keep up. It almost looks like the girls are wearing kilts though (with pants underneath, as this isn't The [stupid] Tilted Kilt), which doesn't seem to jive with their "English pub" self description.Last time I was in here, there was a group with two women and what sounded like at least 20 kids. I don't know that this somewhat dark, beer-oriented, pub-style place is a great fit for kids. The high ceilings also mean that all of that sugar you gave them makes it all the more annoying for everyone else.They have an almost secret patio as well. It's in the back. You go through the doors to the hallway (where the bathrooms are) and out into the alley. Pretty strange, but at least it's a patio. And if you're one of those people who gets weird about dirty or weird bathrooms, then this is not your place, as they're shared with the art studios above.Free wifi too, for your work-and-drink late lunches. Street parking all over the place, so it's high time you learn to parallel that m'f'er.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2013,8/24/2013,29,124,1,5,5>I couldn't help but trudge into Golden Mon Mart to snoop around - just because it's fairly new in the Castleton area. The owner is Thai and he has just opened about 4 weeks ago. He's still in the process of stocking more items (distributor from Chicago) and a Thai food/sushi eat-in cafe is in the works (should be ready in about a month or so). Currently they have about 3 aisles of Asian sauces, drinks, dry goods, candies/snacks and such. There's a freezer case in the back with hunks of frozen meat - even beef blood (if a recipe calls for that). Along the soon to be eat-in counter, they have some fresh veggies, Asian herbs, and even those baby ducky eggs under refrigeration.I like how clean and organized the interior is. No weird odors, dusty floors, or expired goods. Even though the selection is small in comparison to Asia Mart, like Neal P. mentioned, prices are very good. I'll be stopping here often for cheap candy! Best time to visit is during Thursday afternoon-weekends because that's when the Chicago shipment comes in. I hope the Thai cafe inside will serve up some awesome homemade food in the future.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2013,8/23/2013,11,76,1,5,3>So-So. Portions were really small when we went on Saturday night. I had enough but it just didn't seem proportional to the price. The service was good. The spice level was not very hot. I had green curry and the wide noodle stir fry and felt both were a bit bland in spice. To compare apples to apples, I will have to get pad thai and compare with other similar establishments before making a final verdict, but as of now, it was honestly not crazy impressive. Also the thai iced coffee is not prepared with the strainer and ice right in front of you, and it did not taste as good as what I am used to...
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/22/2013,141,70,1,4,3>My furry BFF, Bella, and I are quite the regulars here.  We visit at least once a week and have done so for over a year now.  #1, I LOVE that they are pet friendly.  Dogs can visit not only their amazing patio (with tons of seating and a fire pit, corn hole, etc.)  but also the inside.  #2 I love the staff!!  Rob, Greta and Andy are great.  My favorite beer is their Half Cycle IPA, but they are always tapping something new, which means there is always something new to try upon every visit. Upon entering the front door, they have an area where they fill Bullets and Growlers and sell fun Flat 12 stuff.  The other room is a Tasting/Serving room for samples and pints with tables and seating.Flat 12 does not serve food, but they typically always have a food truck on site (with the exception of Sundays).  I cannot say enough great things about Flat 12.  They are definitely my favorite brewery in Indy and that is because of the staff, location (less than 5 minutes from my house) and awesome beer selection.  I also love how involved they are in the community and in local craft beer events.  If I go to a local establishment and they don't carry Flat 12 on tap, I am instantly disappointed.  Just saying...  Flat 12 rocks!Check out the Brew Mile which is an annual event supporting one of my favorite local organizations, Back on My Feet.  It is always a great time!  flat12.me/events/brew-mi  It happens tomorrow!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,8/21/2013,20,29,7,5,2>Close...but just a wee bit off from the authentic Philadelphia namesake.Why? Any Philadelphia native knows the answer...carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxide, hydrocarbons, ozone and soot.  The proper mixture of these ingredients laid as a thin patina over the baked twists would truly pull at the heartstrings of home.  Comfort food sold al fresco from the corner of Passyunk and South Broad,  at the Vet, at Vine and 2nd, at City Hall...where congestion, 18 wheelers and SEPTA transit busses all contribute to the deliciousness of the iconic dough.On second thought...screw the City of Brotherly Love...these are better.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,8/20/2013,41,120,1,4,5>We, as a society, do not take enough time off.   That needs to change.   However, from time to time, you find a spot that allows you to feel like you are on a mini vacation.   Revolucion is that type of place.   Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I had this on my "wish list" for a good while and on a "date night" with my better half, we received a "day pass" out of the suburbs for a night to visit Fountain Square.   Walking in to the main bar area in the front, you get a sense that a great deal of time and effort was put into getting the decor just right.  But then, the special treat.  Walking through what has a feel of a magical portal to vacation-land (for grownups), you enter the Tiki Bar area and instant relaxation.   I must say that the service was excellent and our bartender was fun and made us feel at home.   The menu is straightforward, with a nice variety of appetizers (pinchos), tacos and burgers.   No fuss, no muss.  Being on the veggie side of the street, I ordered and enjoyed the Taco de Papas - which is two tacos with roasted potatoes, poblanos, corn and queso fresco and crema.   Just right.   We would highly recommend Revolucion for both the service and the food.   Another special gem in an outstanding neighborhood!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,8/18/2013,159,306,1,6,2>They have some interesting entrees that are pretty authentic. Their hummus is very garlicky for sure and it was pretty good. They soup (chicken with rice and lemon) was delicious. I honestly think that's the best thing in their menu.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,8/17/2013,17,28,4,3,3>There's something charming about Casba, in the way that it resembles a dirty, basement, frat party.It's almost always dark, loud, crowded, and HOT-- and not like Paris Hilton "That's hot," like "lose 10 pounds of water weight by the end of the night" hot. But somehow, it's so fun!We seldom spend the night in Broad Ripple without stopping by Casba. Everytime I've been there's been a DJ, and the music is usually pretty good-- at least, better than a lot of the bars in the area. Really, my only gripe is with the bar service. Because of the crowd, it's always really difficult to get to either of the bars. And then when you do, the bartenders are not the most attentive or personable people.But even despite that, it always seems like everyone is having a blast, as they dance their asses off. It really is a great atmosphere-- one that you definitely just have to experience for yourself!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,8/16/2013,93,73,1,4,3>Of course you want to do this.  You'd be surprised how, even in Indy, many have no idea what duckpin bowling is.  This is your chance to have your story of a cool, original thing you've done, so you can make other people jealous.I love this place and I should go more often.  I've only been a few times but, I've attempted a few other times on a couple of late nights.  There's more than one floor in this place, a floor that looks like its from the shiny, red patent-vinyl 1950s, and a floor from an earlier era, possibly the 1930s.  [I'm admittedly bad at guessing cultural eras.]  I've gone for a couple of networking events set up by some organizations I'm in but I have also used it as a fun date activity.  It really is quite perfect for all kinds of social situations.The ball is much smaller than a regular bowling ball, and although its a little awkward at first, I quickly realized I'm much better at duckpin bowling than regular bowling.  The pins are smaller, but that shouldn't be too much of a surprise with having a smaller ball.  There's some food and beverages available there, and within the same building, some really great local restaurants.  It's also within a couple blocks of a brewery, a meadery, and some great comedy and music venues.  It's the perfect start to a great night!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,8/15/2013,52,246,1,4,4>Great greasy spoon.  This place is on the lunch rotation and for good reason.  Large portions of tasty unhealthy food.  The staples for our group are the big burger deluxe, big BLT and the big tenderloin.  Always walk out of here satisfied if not a little bit overstuffed.  Service here is always friendly and quick.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,8/14/2013,19,106,1,4,3>Decided to check this place out for breakfast last Saturday morning.  It is in a cute victorian house in Broad Ripple and makes you feel right at home.  We arrived as soon as they opened and were seated fairly quickly.  I opted for the lemon corn cakes (which according to the menu was featured on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives) with fresh seasonal berries cooked in them served with your choice of lemon curd or berry sauce.  On the recommendation of our waiter, I went with the lemon curd, and this was a great choice!  I like the idea of corn cakes becuse they arent as sweet, and the lemon mixed with the berries was also a nice touch. Hubby went with The Gretchen, a breakfast sandwich featuring 2 eggs, bacon, cheddar, mozzarella, and tomatoes.  He was very happy with this.  He noted that the slices of tomato were good and fresh, which isn't always the case for sandwiches, and he was very happy about this.  We were quite happy with our service and our food.  The prices were fair.  The atmosphere is quaint.  We will definitely be back.  Personally, not a vegetarian, but did note that they have plenty of options for the vegetarain/vegan people out there as well.  Highly recommend!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,8/13/2013,35,201,1,6,4>Authentic Mexican experience. If it weren't for the Yelp reviews, I never would have found this place because there's not much else in this neighborhood and it is off the beaten path. And by that, I mean that you might want to duck and cover going in and park close to the window.Bring your Spanish because the only English here is written on the sign by the counter that tells you about the $10 minimum for credit cards. If you don't know "La cuenta, por favor." then you're not ready.The tacos are $1.75 but they are dinner sized portions. I thought I could eat four because I was hungry and I failed.The guacamole is made on the spot when you order and is amazing. Served up on the finest paper plates they have.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/12/2013,146,298,1,5,4>Absolutely love this place!  I'm a huge fan of hard ciders and they have plenty to try!  After sampling a couple on the cozy sitting area, we got a glass of our favorites and grabbed a board game and enjoyed hanging out in such a cute, welcoming place.  They also sell small bites to eat as well as mini cupcakes and truffles to go along with whatever you are drinking.  Bravo, New Day!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,8/11/2013,94,183,3,4,3>Always yummy.  We go here for lunch. I finally stepped out and tried something other than the chimichanga...however it is my favorite.  Super tender chicken...cheese sauce. Chips and salsa are always good.    One of my favorite places to grab Mexican at lunch.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,8/10/2013,87,337,1,8,3>This place is inside Saraga and is a gem. The owner is a gentleman from Tianjin, the northern part of China, and this place has some great northern Chinese dishes.There's a set menu and there's also an ad hoc menu. In addition, you can buy pretty much anything from Saraga, bring it here, and he'll cook it however you like. That is cool.The owner used to own Szechwan Garden just down the road from what he said. This place is very authentic - there's no sign out front (there is a small sign inside Saraga) and his clientele is essentially those who shop at Saraga, so he doesn't need (and is unable) to appeal to the PF Chang crowd. If we lived near here, we would essentially outsource all of our cooking to this guy.There are only 2-3 tables so a lot of people take out. The prices are lower than comparable Chinese restaurants. This is a must go if you are into authentic Chinese food. Avoid if you are the PF Chang kind of Chinese food eater because there is no decor, atmosphere, or presentation.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,8/9/2013,50,74,1,6,5>Good times and great crowds at Grand Opening over Memorial Day weekend.  Another good addition to the local craft beer scene.  Current beer selections include a wheat, stout, IPA, and seasonal IPA.  And the beers are slightly stronger, ranging from 6.0 to 7.3% ABV.The ambiance of the taproom is very nice, with wooden interior and large garage doors to give it an airy feel.  There is also a good view on the inside of the fermenters in which the beers are brewed.  One other note on the taproom are the artwork.  The artwork are some of the same as the ones shown on First Fridays.  Think the aim is to use the space to display works from local artists.I only tried the stout during my visit during Grand Opening, and it had a good flavor w/ coffee undertones.  Hope to make it back to try out the other brews, as well as finding out about new styles that might be coming out.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,8/8/2013,75,276,,8,6>I write a lot of ridiculous reviews, but please allow me to get serious for a moment...When I joined the military, I took an oath and swore to die for this country. Even though I meant it then, and I still do, that was always kind of in the abstract. I never thought much about it and having joined during peacetime, I never expected to be called upon to actually do it. I was also just 18 years old. When I had a child, I immediately understood what it really means to be willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for someone or something other than myself. I would give my life for my child. That is what makes it so hard when you are told there might be something wrong with your child. You can't sacrifice yourself and take it away. You can only put your trust and your faith in the science and the doctors and when we go to Riley, I trust he is getting the best care available. Although his situation will hopefully never be life-threatening, I know he is in great hands and receiving the best treatment around. This is one of those places we all hope we never have to visit but when we do, we're glad it's as great as it is.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,8/7/2013,100,42,,3,3>A 5-star review doesn't do Victory Field Justice. Because of Indianapolis' market size, location (near Chicago, Detroit, Cincinnati), and competing local teams (Colts, Pacers, etc) - we will never have an MLB team. However, we have the next best thing done in the best way possible. At Victory field you see a highly competitive AAA team. This team has produced many MLB players and MLB all-stars over its long, deep history. Local beer and typical ball park concessions are available. Pricing is extremely cheap and competitive. There is some kind of special on almost every day of the week (tues BOGO coupon, wed $1 concession deals). If you sit in the lawn, you are even allowed to bring in your own cooler!This is the cheapest and highest quality outdoor summer event venue the city has to offer.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,8/6/2013,179,458,2,3,3>I found myself in Broad Ripple for lunch.  This Kilroy's Location is almost as nice as the downtown Indy location.  The food is real good for a sports bar.  I had the fish tacos and was pleasantly surprised.  The little metal tray that kept the tacos together was a nice touch.  They had Sun King on tap, so that is always a good thing.  I'd go again.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2013,8/5/2013,122,70,9,2,3>I thought I was in a scene from The Walking Dead as the elderly crowd stared hungrily at me as I pulled in a front row parking spot facing the large windows that show off the retirement home decor. As I walked up, the stares of the entire restaurant awkwardly continued and it may have been because they were in disgust that a young american just stepped out of a Nazi mobile Mercedes. I walk up to the host stand slash concession stand slash checkout counter and am greeted and sat quickly. Unfortunately the waitress didn't come by me for ten minutes and I was about to get up and get my own menu. Once there she was pleasant and reminded me of a school lunch lady. I ordered the special which was a baked tenderloin and stuffing, Mac and cheese,  mashed potatoes and gravy, and side salad. A little skeptical at first figuring a tenderloin was going to be bland and boring but since you can't order stuffing as a side "fail" I chose it. To my surprise the pork tenderloin was the highlight of the meal and was coated in stuffing that seemed to be spawned from a angel unicorn. The rest of the food was pretty good too and it was under $9 for a large meal. I will deff go back and try some more things or get this again. The food was good, service was fair, atmosphere was awkward, elderly, creepy, and funny at the same time. 3.5 stars
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/4/2013,19,86,1,2,3>Amazing food, drink, & atmosphere.  Located in the heart of downtown Zionsville, just up a small flight of stairs, you step in to this wonderful restaurant. Their menu changes often as they like to use locally grown ingredients.  Great place to step out of your comfort zone and try something you might not normally order.  It is a bit pricey but completely worth it.  Perfect place for a date night out!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,8/3/2013,27,36,5,8,6>SO MUCH FUN!  You can try any of the sauces in the store- they pour a small sample &  give you chips.  I was cracking up, Mike the owner is like a hot sauce sommelier! Actually very educational, reasonably priced, and a great place just to hang out.  Fashioned like a tiki bar, you can pull up a stool, take a load off & burn, baby, burn!  Feel free to bring your own beverages, dog, and snacks to sample.  Went in to browse, stayed for an hour & came out with 4 bottles of VERY different hot sauces.  Cool decor, very Key West inspired.... my favorite sign, "We don't skinny dip, we chunky dunk." Try it-you'll enjoy it!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/2/2013,43,146,3,4,4>This is a review I kinda don't want to write for selfish reasons. I like this place the way it is. I like the volume of people that occupy its tables and barstools, and I don't want it to be overrun. This cozy neighborhood bar is hidden away in a neighborhood on Dorman Street, North of 10th... away from the drunken hullabaloo that is Mass Ave. It's where I go to find comfort, peace, and booze. It's where I come to enjoy drinks with friends and where I come to drink alone. This place isn't fancy, but it's comfortable. The barstools fit my butt just right, the jukebox plays real CDs that were skillfully selected (a mix of old stuff like Orbison and Cash to fresh Indie rock) and the cocktails are expertly mixed. The drinks here are every bit as good as what you'll have at the Ball and Biscuit, but at half the price. Plus, you don't have to put on your extra super tight jeans and a vest to go here.Dorman Street has a great beer selection of both drafts and bottles... and the booze selection is phenomenal. There's pool and darts in the back and a patio/deck out the rear door. There's nothing not to like about this place... unless you were specifically looking for a place to wear your extra super skinny jeans and vest.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,8/1/2013,153,144,5,8,4>I like the type of wax that is used, it has never irritated my skin or caused break outs. The staff is friendly and works fast. You also can't beat the price. They do offer package deals for a set amount of waxes at a pretty big discount if you pay in advance. Totally worth the up front cost. For those on the shy side, be prepared to be completely exposed when getting your lower region waxed. True European style.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,7/31/2013,31,148,4,4,2>Fat Dan's recently re-opened near my house, which is a wonderful thing!!! Since I am new to Indy I had only heard legend of Fat Dan's food....it wasn't until last week that I tried it. And tried it again. And tried it again. OK So I have been there three times. JUDGE ME.Including what I have ordered and what my husband has ordered and my friends who have generously allowed (read: had no choice!) me to steal some bites of their food, here is what I have tried and LOVED:The Wells St Fat burger.....OMG! I want another one right now. I can't even talk about it or I will salivate all over my laptop. Just go order it. This was the first thing I had and I was feeling kind so I shared it. Every time someone else took a bite, I cried a little because I wanted more. (Is that selfish?)The hand made corn dog....I think it's called the "ugly" corn dog or something. Whatever it is, its juicy and amazing. Probably good for kids, but definitely adult-sized.The Italian beef.....piled very very high and delicious. I only had one bite since *someone* who won't be named but that I am married to ate the whole thing on his own.The Reuben....I have never had a Reuben with smoked corn beef before, but let me tell you it is to die for. The Pulled Pork.....this one was mine. All mine. And I ate it all. Smothered in BBQ sauce and simply amazing. I will get it again.I had some of the brisket as well. It was -- like everything else -- amazing. I might have to avoid it if I want to keep my current pants size. Or I could start a new holiday where I fast for 2 days and then celebrate the end of my fast by going to Fat Dan's for the brisket. A sort of brisket lent for something. The "best fries in the universe" really are the very best fries in the universe. They come out on butcher paper in a huge pile of all shapes and sizes (round, thin, fat, crispy, soft, salty, etc). As my friend said, "There's something for everyone in this pile!" Yum!I don't give out a lot of 5-star reviews but this one was earned.*I have moved my review over from the other listing of Fat Dan's since this is the location I am reviewing.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/30/2013,193,244,1,5,4>I lke this place.  I like it a lot.  If you're expecting a traditional Irish pub  (think The Golden Ace), you'll be disappointed.  If you're used to corporate knock offs  (think Claddagh), I think you'll be quite pleased.Dooley's has one of the best tenderloins anywhere.  On Tuesday nights, they have a breaded tenderloin with one side for $7.45....an insanely reasonable price for a HUGE tenderloin and a HUGE order of fries.  I recommend the chive fries.  to. die. for.Service is always outstanding, and the owner seems like he really enjoys owning the restaurant, a huge plus.The patty melt is VERY good.  The Reuben is....on par with most Indy area Reubens, which is to say, average at best.  Their double decker burger...the name I can't recall...is outstanding.Specials every night, always reasonably priced.  Great service.  We keep coming back, and that's about the highest compliment we can pay to a business.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,7/29/2013,31,108,,5,3>I've found better Pho elsewhere, but the Bun Bo Hue is pretty delicious here. It's a bit different from the one at Saigon, enough so that I practically consider them different dishes. The dining room is small, and the seats by the window are cold in the winter, but the service is pretty friendly and the soups are quite large. This is definitely on my regular rotation of vietnamese restaurants in the Indy area.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/28/2013,123,216,,6,3>Upland has expanded to the north; this time bringing with it all the great food featured in their Bloomington Brewpub.  I don't make it to Carmel often, but I was happy to make the trip to check out the new digs.  I have to say, I was very pleased.  I liked the layout of the building with the large bar, tables, and large outdoor patio.  The wall adjacent to the patio features large sliding glass windows so even when sitting inside, you get to experience the feel of sitting outside (to some extent).  The restaurant is on the smaller side, which makes it comfortable. They have all the beers you would expect from Upland with a few seasonals.  The menu features all the favorites; the burgers which I have always been a fan of, pizzas, and several vegetarian items.  I went out on a limb and tried the Seitan Tenderloin.  The patty was much smaller than what you would expect from a sandwich with "tenderloin" in it's name, but it wasn't too bad.   All the meats appeared to be local.  One person at the table ordered the bratwurst and thought it was awesome.  A little too much bread on both of our dishes though.  The buns are seriously super-sized.In all, I would say I really enjoyed my experience, but with all the great food and beer joints in Indy, I'm not sure if I can see myself making a point to go all the way to Carmel to eat/drink at this one.  One thing is for sure, this is quickly going to become a summertime favorite and I imagine pretty soon it's going to become pretty difficult to walk right up and get a table.  Get in there and enjoy it while you can!!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,7/27/2013,35,80,2,3,3>Great atmosphere! On the patio you have an Indy park on one side and a gorgeous home/restaurant on the other. Only to admire when u can put the fork down from the delicious food.Service is wonderful, food is truly designed by a chef and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. Wednesday's are half price bottles of wine under $100. My favorite day to visit Meridian Restaurant and Bar!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,7/26/2013,91,653,,4,3>One of the most popular donut shops in Central Indiana.   Has a prime location along a busy stretch of Keystone Ave.Friendly, family-run shop that serves more than baked goods.  You can also order a full breakfast or lunch.  Even though the family that runs the Donut Shop is Filipino, don't expect to find anything particularly unusual (although they do have bubble tea).The parking lot is tiny (and the place is so popular) so you might have trouble parking in front.  No worries, as there is more parking in back.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/25/2013,14,35,2,7,3>What I Know:Pittsboro Indiana, where your in-town culinary options are smokey bar, Subway, or gas station.  If you drive a little further west of Pittsboro on 136 to State Road 39, you'll find yourself in Lizton, Indiana home of J's Taco Inn.  Quite a few businesses have failed to establish themselves in the same accursed building, which I find odd since the building is basically on the same grounds as Tri-West junior high, and high schools...and the way the families in this area support their kids, I had always assumed a good business could attract tons of business after a football or basketball game.  But, the last few businesses have definitely failed, and failed quickly.  And I had to admit, driving by and seeing a taqueria opening in the building, I wondered how long it would be before they closed their doors.My family was in the process of moving from the chain restaurant metropolis of Brownsburg to a cozy farmhouse in Pittsboro, and we were starving.  The closest restaurant that wasn't Subway happened to be J's so we gave it a try.  I sent my wife out for tacos expecting her to return with something equal to Taco Bell, but the special lady returned with my favorite - tacos al pastor garnished with nothing more than cilantro & onions.  Real Mexican food?  In the middle of nothing?  I was so curious that drove to J's the next day to find that J's had all of the things I'd find in my favorite taquerias in Chicago:Real Mexican food that isn't sailing in a sea of cheese.A horchata machine churning near the host stand.Jarritos!J's menu also has some American cuisine, as well as your Indianapolis standard breaded pork tenderloin, but do yourself a favor and get an order of tacos al pastor with a side of fresh, homemade guacamole or you'll be kicking yourself.  Constructive Criticism: I found the salsa to be a little on the peppery-side; like salt and pepper, not jalapeno peppers.  This didn't actually stop me from eating the chips & salsa, but there was a little too much of something.  I also thought the staff was a little...I don't know...uneducated about the menu?  My fellow diners aren't food-snobs like me, and asked the waitstaff a few questions about menu items that basically went unanswered.  I'd think you want your staff to be able to answer ANY question about the menu before they're interacting with your guests.  Aftermath:Criticism aside (and that's probably me being picky, or obnoxious), the staff was friendly & attentive, and the food was delicious.  I could see grabbing a sack of tamales on the way to a Tri-West football game, or stopping by J's afterward with my ravenous son.  I hope the place sticks around.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,7/24/2013,31,87,4,2,3>Unlike Shawn P, I was never privy to the stumpiness of Kilgore Trout's manhood, but I still can acknowledge that the city's most recognized writer (Booth Tarkington be danged) earns the city's most recognized mural.  Kurt couldn't possibly look more avuncular than he does here.What a shame that someday this mural will probably face an alley, when this parking lot turns into a new development.  But that would be best for the neighborhood.  And the Man would approve of a such a self-nullifying gesture.  If he doesn't approve, maybe he could turn his back on the city, as Dan C. observes, showing us the quintessential Kurt Vonnegut sphincter (now on display at the Vonnegut Memorial Library).
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/23/2013,42,115,,5,5>The Historical Society is an almost magical place where you can be transported back INTO history. The perfect place to become a history lover if you aren't already. Time travel booths? Holograms? This whole place is more of a high-end technical show than a museum at times. Their exhibits are one of a kind experiences where you LITERALLY walk backwards into history.An old photo is projected onto smoke, then you walk through the smoke to see the photo recreated in real life, with actors playing the people in the photo, ready to talk to you about whatever event is happening.The Indiana time travel booths are a great way to spend an afternoon, learning about cities, people, and stories from Indiana's past in a fun and inventive way. GO LEARN SOMETHING and have fun!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,7/22/2013,54,212,,3,2>I went here for a local Yelp event and it is just such a great place! It's on the second floor of the Alexander Hotel(beautiful itself) and you have a great view of Indy and access to go out on the terrace. Plenty of seating and large tables to just stand by if that is more your style. The food that I got to sample definitely makes me want to come back for more.  It just has this altogether unpretentious vibe that makes you feel like you are cool enough to be there. And, that is something that is hard to pull off.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,7/21/2013,115,150,6,4,2>Yay, this is my 100th review! I would like to thank Yelp, the many tasty restaurants in Indy, my adventurous mouth (hmm, that sounds so wrong..), and my partner in crime, Dillon. This is our new, NEW favorite sushi spot. I know I've probably said that about practically every sushi place we've been to here in Indy, but I'm serious; I'm in love Sushi Bar so much that I wish I could move in. Fresh, tasty, and inexpensive ($1 domestic beers, say whaaa?!!!); which is helpful since I'm on a mission to try all of there speciality rolls. My favorites so far are Birthday, Christmas, and Spicy Girl rolls. Their sushi menu is quite large; raw and cooked so there is something for everyone. Not in the mood for sushi (as IF!), their yakisoba and udon noodle soups are also quite tasty. Make sure you get an order of Negimaki appetizer, SO YUM. ^__^
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/20/2013,89,180,8,2,1>Tons of vegan options, all vegetarian, buffet, full dishes, weirdly themed pop music, this place has everything.I'm not much of an indian food fan (just never like the taste of curry) but even someone picky like me has PLENTY of options here. The only real con I found was the bathroom. They are technically part of the main building, not the restaurant so i'm not sure if they have any control over them. Going to the bathroom feels like slipping into a wormhole and popping out somewhere in an old beaten up part of russia.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,7/19/2013,111,194,,7,4>I'm happy to jump on the bandwagon and write about how wonderful Bluebeard is.  I agree with everything (positive) that's already been written about the food, atmosphere, service, everything.Let me just say a little something extra on behalf of the vegetarians: I so appreciate how Bluebeard treats vegetarians.  Both times we've been, my husband and I ordered a pasta dish that was listed on the menu as a meat dish.  The kitchen not only made a vegetarian version for us, but they also adjusted the price very generously to account for the fact that it didn't come with meat.  This is super cool of them and so appreciated.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,7/18/2013,33,104,,3,2>Hello neighbor!   What is this. . . . . you are open until 11pm on weekends?  And with flavors like salted caramel pretzel, you know know to keep me coming back you dirty lil scoundrel!I'm a dork and checked out the website . . the yogurt contains "Live and Active yogurt cultures."  This lead me down a google rabbit hole where I learned that not all frozen yogurt has this.   I concluded this is healthy stuff and I should go more.  If there was something I'd change, it'd be the placement of the wall the yogurt hides behind.    There isn't enough room for people to sample.    Something else to be aware of - the code to the bathroom will be on your receipt.    I've heard a fair number of people grumble . . . get over it!   This is common place in big cities. PEARings isn't just yogurt.  There is a cereal bar, crepes for 1.99 (yes folks, that is 1.99), to go sandwiches and a variety of coffee offerings.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/17/2013,70,106,3,6,3>Man, oh man do I love me some Jason's Deli.  Granted, I've only ever eaten the salad bar, but you just can't really beat the salad bar.It's not your run-of-the-mill wilted lettuce, buttermilk ranch and croutons salad bar. Nope. There are two types of lettuce (GOOD lettuce... like a spring mix) and also spinach to make a delicious foundation for your meal.  There are also all the toppings in the world (carrots, peppers, cucumbers, hard-boiled eggs, sunflower seeds, tomatoes, croutons, tons and tons of dressings) but we don't stop there! There are several different side dishes as well. Three different kinds of pasta salad, fruit in a yogurt sauce, hummus, yummy crackers, chocolate chip mousse.. the list goes on and on.Oh, did I mention the gingerbread and cornbread muffins? To die for. Also, free ice cream (they even have twist!) to top off what was probably the best thing you've ever eaten? Sign me up. Thank you for existing Jason's. You allow me to eat plate upon plate without feeling bad because it's a salad. And you can make it as healthy or unhealthy as you wish. Le sigh. I'm gonna have to go back again tomorrow.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,7/16/2013,52,230,,2,3>We literally stumbled upon imbibe while walking around fountain square after a few drinks at another establishment. It is crazy small but has a really friendly, casual environment. They make some old school and unusual drinks, so if you want to try out new things, then this place is ideal. I'm a strict vodka person and dislike most alcohol, but my usual vodka sprite was string and well made, so I'm pleased. My hubby ordered something pink and anise tasting, which would be delicious if you're into that. We stop off here now as a night cap to wind down from an earlier bar/dinner experience, so not necessarily a place I would go strictly to hang out for hours on end, but a fun place to pop in for a quick drink or more intimate meeting with a close friend.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,7/15/2013,113,172,5,3,4>Let me just start by saying, There isn't a thing I don't like about La Hacienda. I love this place! I loved it when I lived here 6 years ago, I love it now.I love their painted furniture and sunshiney decor. I love their smirky little La Hacienda faces when you come in the door looking like you might keel over if you don't get some Mexican food in your belly stat. I love the Acapulco Chicken dinner. I love the queso. I love the salsa and the tortilla chips. I love them so much that I often have to hold my belly when I leave. I can't stop. They bring another basket. It's a nightmare mixed with a wonderful dream. They let my baby sit on the table. She does. She loves their rice and beans. My husband had the fish tacos upon our last visit and he said they were bland. I slapped him in the face. (not really, but I thought it and pictured it) How dare he insult my La Hacienda. Then I remembered that a vegetarian acquaintance I had said the fish tacos were bland. I then took back the fake slap. Hm.. -1 star, fish tacos should be good too. I still love you La Hacienda. It's okay. Fish tacos can be complicated, I forgive you.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,7/14/2013,16,149,,2,3>We had dinner here last Fri. The place is just across from the fashion mall. Nicely/formally decorated with an outdoor dining if you prefer al fresco dining. Food is great and comes in large portions. The place reminds me of mesh/oakleybistro/zest combined into1. We started with the porkbelly and asparagus salad which were both awesome.  Thinly sliced pork belly pan fried with a little crisp to it on top of stir fried veggies with a like a sweet and sour sauce, this plus a bowl of rice and I'd be happy man. The salad was sliced/shaved cooked asparagus with some cheese and nice dressing with a slight note of citrus, crisp and refreshing as the wife puts it. For the entree, the wife had the porkchop which was amazing, it was thick cut but tender, great smoke flavor, topped with some bacon marmalade, and even the sauerkraut on the side was very good. I went for the rabbit, which was OK especially the sausage, but I like the wife's porkchop  much better. And for dessert, we tried the toffee pudding and it was excellent. Last time he had toffee pudding this good was at Feast/Houston. Service was great and price is reasonable, and huge (free) parking lot in front.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,7/13/2013,24,113,2,2,2>Well Circle City Soups, now you've done it. I came for the soups. I stayed for the wraps. I drooled and professed eternal love when I tasted the salads. Now I have to buy a big fancy diamond and move in for the hot dogs. Today, it was "pho dog," a ridiculous gourmet combo of beef hot dog steamed in pho broth, then topped with pickled jalapenos, sriracha, hoisin sauce, onions, and crispy noodles. A few weeks ago it was a dog with pastrami salmon, mustard creme fraiche, honey glaze and pickles. SAY WHAT!? At six bucks a pop this is an excellent stop for lunch cravings. If you're still peckish after you inhale a hot dog (ha ha) you can go to Circle City Sweets and pick up a cookie. Then walk it off, honey. That New Years resolution ain't gonna keep itself.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,7/12/2013,25,218,,4,3>I don't like fruit desserts but Recess served me one. More specifically, the BEST fruit dessert of ALL TIME. Rich and salty pistachio streusel, creamy and tangy cream cheese custard, slightly sweet warm apple-pear compote ... top 5 dessert of my life (and it's probably the only non-chocolate entry in the top 20).  They even put a candle in it (somehow?) for my birthday, whatta nice touch.During this visit, they also served me one of the best slabs 'o meat I've ever had - venison steak with cornmeal grits, abalone mushrooms, charred tomato demi.  I truly couldn't stop smiling and shaking my head while eating it.  It was "please punch me in the face so I know this is real" good.What else can I say?  It has been about a year since my last visit, but Recess hasn't changed a bit. Still amazing me with every bite, an unbelievable experience for any food lover.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,7/11/2013,42,145,,3,2>My husband needed his mop shaped up a bit so we took a stroll to Red's.  We quickly found out how busy the place is on Sunday mornings.  Make an appointment if you can!  The waiting area is comfy and the staff is all very warm and welcoming.  Now, I will say I did not personally get a haircut here (my husband did) but he and I were both very pleased with the job done.  They had no problem with me sitting in the extra seat next to my husband and watch him get all cleaned up.  Michael was his barber and kept the conversation going throughout the whole process. This place isn't Supercuts, so it is a little more than one of those places as far as price.  You're paying for ambiance but also good service.  We love to support local businesses, so we'll definitely be back. Best part of the visit?  The sodas they have for sale in GLASS bottles!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,7/10/2013,61,83,,6,3>I have loved Italian Gardens since I was a little girl. I remember going there instead of the Olive Garden across the street as a child and my mother explaining to me the meaning of authenticity. As an adult, my boyfriend and I have been here a hand full of times. We recently ate here after their reopening and have to say, it wasn't too shabby. There are a few things missing from the menu that I was a bit upset about (Shrimp and broccoli alfredo). They also serve basic garlic bread now instead of the delicious knotty bread we couldn't get enough of in the past. My bf got the chicken alfredo and said it wasn't like it used to be, but wasn't bad. I got the chicken parmesean and thought it was pretty good. The oil and vinegar dressing on my salad, however, was unbelievable! It was so simple, but absolutely delicious.Not exactly as I remember, but not bad either. I'm hoping some kinks get worked out in this reopening and hopefully a few favorites get brought back. Even if they don't, this place still reigns over Olive Garden any day.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,7/9/2013,165,152,,6,3>I've been sponging off other's reviews for a while now, so I may as well contribute something to Yelp again. Here goes:KDD was clean. At lunch it was busy but had enough space to easily have a lunch meeting with a coworker. They had hand sanitizer at the line, which more restaurants need. Employees were super friendly. And I like the ground ice.But my Chicago Dog was hard to bite through the casing. As other reviewers mention, if you delight in what places like Claus's German Market have to offer, expect something different here.UPDATE: After posting a two-star review based on the dog, I heard immediately from the owner, Brent, in a courteous, reasonable response completely free of the passive aggression I've gotten from other owners/managers when I've left less-than-positive reviews. Re: my dog's toughness, he let me know KDD's dogs are "skinless dogs are all beef and very lean, (and) there is a lot less moisture (ie. water and fat) in our product which can make them a bit more dense than most other products on the market." Admittedly, I'm partial to pork-based dogs in skin casings.The point for my update and increased star rating isn't necessarily about the product: It's about the owner's response. I wholeheartedly support entrepreneurs who passionately believe in their product and respond quickly and reasonably to criticism and are open to feedback.I'll be back to KDD to eat SOMETHING, even if I don't get a dog again.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/8/2013,49,52,,3,3>FANTASTIC!I love this little chocolate shop. It just moved to the square on Washington, so keep an eye out for that. It's a small but mighty shop! I personally love the mint chocolate wafers and the cancer ribbon color white chocolate suckers (which 1/2 of the price is donated!). All of the white chocolate is quite tasty - and I normally don't think that about white chocolate! Pamela, the owner, does special orders as well! And she has some seriously cute stuff for baby and bridal showers. Cat's out of the bag, whoever I know who has a shower coming up should expect chocolate from this "delight"-ful little shop. Everything from the chocolate shoes to the truffles - all made at the shop, which I find awesome in a world being taken over by cupcake shops, a local chocolate shop is just perfect. I honestly have driven out to Danville to get chocolate here just because it's local and some of the best I've had. DEFINITELY check out this shop. The owner is so nice, her chocolates are creative and delicious and the price is so right that it's hard to turn it down.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/7/2013,184,188,2,5,4>No doubt about it, this is my favorite Sunday brunch location for good friends, yummy grub & some mean bloody marys!  Not sure what to order?  I last ordered the Big Daddy breakfast (3 eggs cooked to order, with extra thick bacon, coin potatoes and an English muffin); big enough to share with a friend if you'd like.  They also make an 8" breakfast pizza for two and a very tasty spinach and artichoke dip.  Honestly, it's about the drinks for me.   A little hair of the dog is sometimes very necessary, and Jennifer serves them up just right!  Not down with the bloody marys?  Try a tequila sunrise, mimosa or a black and tan.  Any of the above will have you springing back in a jiff... or taking an afternoon nap, which, on a Sunday afternoon isn't such a bad idea anyway.When the weather is cooperating, the windows are opened and tough pulling me away from the cool breeze that flows through the bar, especially with such wonderful company.  Go and take friends.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,7/6/2013,21,104,,1,4>I have been coming to this place for years and I still love it! The Melody Inn is a great bar with great live music. The drinks are reasonably priced and the selection is good. I have seen a lot of cool band here, many of them local. The crowd here is the nicest crowd you will find in any bar - no meat market jerks looking to start fights! The location of this bar is pretty rough, but I have never had any problems inside of the bar. I would just recommend parking close to the building and locking up your car!!! For the price, there is no better way to spend a free night than watching some music and having some drinks at the Melody Inn!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,7/5/2013,72,60,2,5,6>Only 21 feet shorter than the Statue of Liberty this monument is impressive to experience. And may I dare say that I think Lady Victory edges out Lady Liberty in style.Two streets Market and Meridian do a round-a-bout here which is convenient, However, take a moment to get out of your car and walk up the steps, look at the art carved in Indiana Limestone and take a moment to thank those brave men and women that came before us.The steps are a popular place in the spring and the fall to take lunch.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,7/4/2013,85,50,4,4,4>This review is simple. I took a young friend of mine here for our Christmas/New Year's dinner, she's 16 and the PICKIEST eater who is unwilling to try anything new. Needless to say, I think I've created a new fan of Greek food!The Basics:Food = Awesome!Service = Awesome!Friday night belly dancer = Awesome!My suggestions:1) ALWAYS get the Saganaki/Flaming cheese! It's really awesome to see people's reactions to it!2) Whatever the salmon dish is called, get it. So flavorful!3) If the belly dancer asks you to dance with her, do it and take photos. 4) Don't forget dessert, a little piece of baklava is the literal "cherry on top" for the big awesome meal you've just devoured. Also worth note, I made a reservation (ONLINE! YAY!) thinking the place might be super packed, but alas, we arrived early and were sat right away! I love it when that happens! I'll definitely be back, there's so much more I want to try!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,7/3/2013,93,169,,6,4>I just happened to stop in here last night because I heard there was a band playing. We only caught the last half quarter of their show, but it was AMAZING!!! They were called A Touch of 'Grass' and they play there every Friday night!!!! No cover. They're a bit grassy and bluesy, but also do a little bit of classic rock. I want to go back there next Friday night!I can't speak to the prices this time because I was amazed by the performance and my boyfriend bought the beers. However, next time I definitely want to get this appetizer the people next to us purchased that had cheese, crackers, olives, and grapes. They were kind and gave me the rest of the olives and I seriously downed them! So good!!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/2/2013,158,135,3,12,6>Yet another reason to venture over to The Fletcher Place/Fountain Square neighborhood. A really cute gem of a place-and welcome addition to the neighborhood! All organic yogurts and topping such as Nutella-how can you go wrong?  Sit on a swing and enjoy your delicious yogurt!!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/1/2013,99,63,2,2,2>I may be hardcore when it comes to Southern fare, and even more so with Cajun food. But I still love me some Yats.In all honesty, the biggest Looseeanna part of the place is its amazing hot sauce collection. From my fave - Crystal sauce - to garlic to sriracha and more, they've got your hot sauce hankerin' covered.Price- you can not argue with the price! For under $10, you get a whole plate or a half&half for two selections with bread and a drink. The portions are more than adequate, to say the least, usually enough for two people. It's a great deal for a good meal. The service: Service is definitely on the good side. Friendly, helpful and fast, place your order and wait for the food to pop out of the kitchen window. Once when it was super busy, they charged me for an extra meal. With all the confusion, they offered me a full refund. Free chili-cheese étouffée for all! Ad speaking of chili cheese étouffée, is signature dish is just delish. I honestly thought I'd never eat this, being the snobby Southern gal, but really, it is just dang good. The food: For a cheap meal, you can't beat the quality and the choices. Although the menu is limits to 6 or 7 offerings at the most, there is enough dishes to fit everyone's tastes. Vegetarian and vegan options offered most of the time. So far, every dish I've tried I've like. Faves: spinach mushroom étouffée and black bean and corn chili. Sometimes, they have cupcakes. + 100 points
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/30/2013,26,37,3,6,3>Drinks: When I'm in the mood for a cocktail, this is a great spot. Unfortunately, I'm usually more of a wine drinker, so I probably don't visit as much as Tini deserves.  A better wine selection would definitely have me coming here much more often. Actually, the selection probably isn't that bad, I'm just admittedly extremely picky about wine.Food: Happy hour is half priced appetizers every day 4-7 and all day Mon/Tues. Not bad. Atmosphere: Naysayers, say what you will about the music. By the time you're done with your first drink, you'll be singing along (even if just in your head).
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/29/2013,122,723,8,6,4>Holy cow is this place expensive! I think it must be the utility cost of running all those old fridges in 98F weather. But...it's also delicious. In the summer, if we happen to be riding by...we just might stop. And then when we leave, even if we were "just getting a soda" or "just having a piece of pie," I invariably have some sort of produce strapped to by back or shoved into the spandex pockets of my shirt. I'm a sweet corn mule, running the Monon line. The peaches are out of this world (I hear). They're so juicy that it grosses me out to watch other people eat them. The sound affects are kind of gruesome and I have to leave the room. You don't find a peach like that at Marsh! Besides the produce, they also have on hand the best pies in the city. I brought a sugar cream pie to Easter...my family of Buckeyes had never heard of it. I kept having to repeat "Sugar. Cream. Pie." It was mysterious and new to them. We also brought a SCP to a 70th birthday party up in LaPorte. Someone was fork-stabbed over the last slice. I LOVE the blueberry pie. Blueberries are hands-down my favorite fruit. If you're "not really a pie person" you owe it to yourself to try a slice of heaven at LGG. Coolers of hard-to-find old school, regional, and craft sodas (Lemmy, Cheerwine, Moxie). Boutique gifts like porcelain dinnerware. Fruit and vegetable produce. Sauces. Some spices. Pies. BBQ pork. Salmon on salad. Firewood. Flowers. Mix CDs. Essentially, when the owner (a chef) likes something, he sells it. He has pretty good taste...lucky for us. I think he also does snow-plowing. If you are considering eating HERE, consider that there are 2 entree items on the menu (see above) and that you'll be eating outside (more or less).
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,6/28/2013,5,58,,3,2>Our first time since the fire - what an improvement!  Beautiful wood interior with period lamps and light.  The musty smell that used to be ever-present is now gone.  Service was friendly. We started with the beer cheese dip - creamy, beer-y and perfect with apples & bread for dipping.  My fish sandwich was flakey, crunchy and served nice & hot.  It came on a toasted egg bun, yum!  Their bar, in the center of the restaurant, is beautiful.  Will definitely come back and maybe try brunch.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,1/22/2013,6/27/2013,120,222,,91,16>I do not typically write reviews of this nature, but in light of recent social media communications (or rather proclamations) by 111 Cakery, I am modifying my review for 111 and I will not be offering this establishment my patronage any longer.  As a business, however large or small, national or local, you have your right to broadcast your personal beliefs and play to your customer base.  However, if you take such a provocative public stance, you must then deal with the consequences of your perception.  It really saddens me to know that one of my favorite establishments in Indianapolis has taken a position such as this.  It will not be for lack of quality product or customer service that I do not return to 111 Cakery, but for their intolerance to humanity.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,6/26/2013,56,252,,7,1>I am glad that I discovered another (fairly) new self-serve frozen yogurt shop.  Yoya certainly gives Huddles a run for their money.  The feel of the shop is very different than other yogurt places.  The seating is varied and comfortable.  They have televisions, video games, and even a modern-looking sofa that could probably seat five people.  The staff was excellent!  They greet their customers with a smile, and will approach you with several sample cups -- without having to be asked.The yogurt offerings are excellent.  They always feature popular flavors (no sugar added vanilla, chocolate, and a fruity choice), but also rotate more obscure offerings on a weekly basis.  Personally, I thought the sea salt caramel pretzel was amazing.  I may still be dreaming about it!  The toppings are plentiful, and they have more than 50 selections.  I found the price to be on par with other self-serve yogurt shops.I was also pleased to find out that Yoya has a frequent visitor program.  Instead of using a stamp card system, customers can enter their phone number upon each purchase.  After so many purchases, the customer is eventually able to get a $5 discount coupon.Yoya: Well done! You have earned my business.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,6/25/2013,63,46,,9,3>I went here today to check this place out. I guess they just opened in March. The restaurant is tucked back near The Village (Pakistani Restaurant) and was a bit hard to find with the Google directions. The restaurant is owned and operated by David Toluhi who is native to Nigeria. They have an American Menu and a Nairaland one. They were out of a lot of food but it was lunch on a weekday so I only was able to try the Eba ( cassava flour morsel), Ogbono Soup, and the Goat with skin. The Ogbono soup was definitely the highlight. It had a bold unique flavor and consistency. It is made with mango seeds used as a thickener and had a consistency similar to an okra dish. They have a sink right in the dining area so don't be afraid to eat with your hands. The place is pretty big and they have a banquet hall next door. I cant wait to go back here and try more..
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2013,6/24/2013,265,331,5,2,1>Go for the drink specials and maybe one or two things off the menu--like a salad--and you're golden. I want to like their sushi so much, but the rolls are just lacking. And you'd think it'd be a simple formula. But it's not. Atmosphere looks sortof futuristic gay bar. Got some patio seating, which is nice in the warmer months...
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/23/2013,15,115,2,2,2>Love, love, love Hot Box Pizza. Formerly I only ate their pizza when I was in Broad Ripple, usually before or after a show at the Vogue. And then I saw that one opened close to my neighborhood and I was overjoyed. I've eaten here (or had it delivered) like once a week since I saw they had opened. I love their pizza and I crave their bread sticks and cheese sauce. I've made my kid an addict too. "Can we have Hot Box? PLEEEEEEASE?!?!"
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,6/22/2013,98,116,,6,4>To steal a phrase from Rachel Zoe, (insert eye-roll) this place is *amazeballs*!!!!A girlfriend of the Asian persuasion mentioned that I could find a cheap "foot spa" where I can get a full massage "for like, $30". So enter Internet gods and low and behold, right here in Indianapolis, mine eyes stumbled across this delightful little business close to my home away from home (Trader Joes). I called and was able to make an appointment the same night. I walked into a dimly lit room, where soft, yet calming music was playing (think wordless soundtrack to some period Chinese film). There were ~4 "beds", each separated by a gauzy curtain for a bit of privacy. Tim was my masseur, he brought out a wooden bucket of warm water which I soaked my tired feet in, while he proceeded to give me a deep tissue massage on my shoulders, neck, scalp, upper back, arms, forearms and hands. After ~20 minutes, he spent time on my feet,  calves then thighs. After what seemed like an hour, he told me to turn over and finished my lower back, buttocks. At first I was a bit uneasy about having a man, but definitely feel I got more for my money because his pressure was that of a deep tissue, even though if you only get the $25 foot massage, the rest of the body is supposed to be "superficial"- definitely not the case. Why only 4 stars if it was clearly amazing? Two words,HOT ROCKS! I kept waiting to feel the heat from the hot stones/rocks that are sometimes used at spas or nail salons, the concentrated heat would have taken the experience to the next level. Another downside was that Tim had to step away 2-3 times when patrons came in, to schedule appointments or get them ready for their massage. The good news was he extended my session for 15 minutes to make up for it- no complaints here.I am so happy I found this place, the value is astounding, I will absolutely be back!!!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,6/21/2013,83,198,4,8,4>Santorini is good,  but I'm not buying the 5-star hype.  The ambiance and service are great, no complaints there.  We made reservations, were seated promptly, and the waiter was at our table immediately.  The drink list is very wine-centric, but they did have some good local draft beer on tap (Sun King and FSB).  No real complaints there.  The food is good, but I'm not sure that it warrants the sticker price.  I got the kebabs and the chicken was pretty good well but the steak was tough and overcooked.  The lamb was then undercooked compared to the rest of the meat and not that well seasoned.  I liked the rice and potatoes, but the canned green beans were pretty weak - a $25 entree shouldn't have anything canned on the plate.  I had a great time at Santorini and would still recommend it casually, but I don't think the food is all that great for the price.  Maybe they have to charge a premium to pay the belly dancer.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,6/20/2013,129,314,,4,1>Recent Update | Travis S from Punch Burger contacted me after I posted this review and I am so glad he did! I really appreciate when the owner/rep really listens to its customers and continuously strives to do better. "Yay! I'm a fan." is right-----I was really excited to try this place out. I ordered the Thai inspired burger and sweet potato tots, he ordered the Western BBQ style burger and waffle fries. He got a lot of fries, too much to finish! The tots were so warm and crispy but not really flavorful. My burger had a weird aftertaste and his was perfection except for the fact the patties on both our burgers were a bit dry rather than juicy.Food: 3/5 Service: 5/5Location: 4/5 - kinda dirty
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,6/19/2013,35,98,,5,2>Come to Jockamo for the specialty pizzas - if you're just getting pepperoni pizza you probably want to go elsewhere. This was a 4 star review when I started, but it became five as I wrote.My favorite is the Puttanesca. I know what you're thinking ... it's got anchovies! Don't be afraid. I had never in my life eaten a pizza with anchovies until Jockamo. Try it with a hoppy pale ale, like Dragonfly IPA. The puttanesca is a bit salty with the anchovies and olives and magic happens with a hoppy beer.On the weekends they have hangover pizzas - I like the farmhouse with sausage gravy, eggs, and chicken. The huevos rancheros pizza is also good stuff. Who thinks of these toppings? I would love to hear about crazy topping ideas they decided *not* to sell, They must have tried some crazy stuff.Another favorite is the philly jack with italian beef, green peppers, and peppadew peppers. I was not familiar with the peppadew. Peppadew looks about like a cherry tomato with some sweetness and a pleasant heat - not too hot.I love the hummus appetizer - I only wish it was an even larger portion. Great beer local selection. Many ingredients are sourced locally and the sources are cited. Some of the cajun ingredients are sourced from New Orleans.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/18/2013,47,296,,3,2>Finding Teppanyaki on a Saturday afternoon was like finding an oasis in the middle of the desert. We craved unlimited sushi, and unlimited sushi is what we found--and for a glorious price. Teppanyaki is truly a supreme buffet with everything you could imagine in a Chinese food buffet, plus an all-you-can-eat sushi bar, which is reason enough to go. The lunch buffet was only around $6 and that was just the cherry on top of the food cake. The service staff was all very attentive and filled drinks and gathered plates at a good pace. The restaurant was very clean as well.Besides the fresh sushi bar that is offered every single day with a huge selection of sushi styles, there is a dessert bar with a wide variety of fruit, pastries, cookies, ice cream, and more. The buffet has classics, such as sweet and sour chicken, pepper chicken, crab ragoon, egg rolls, etc. while also throwing in a few interesting buffet dishes into the mix, such as mashed potatoes and gravy, French fries, pizza, steak, space ribs, macaroni and cheese, and others. It was a nice balance, and the restaurant is large, so it's great for large groups of hungry people. If you're in the area and harbor a massive hunger, definitely eat here.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/17/2013,10,47,3,3,3>I think I am starting to like sushi... The Journey has so many great options. It can please even the pickiest of eaters, although if you want your money's worth you better try it all. I am not a sushi expert, and I have not had it anywhere else, but I am told that this is a very high quality place to get it. I will try anything, and most of the items on the menu are delicious to me. I love that I can get a steak along with my fried rice and crab rangoons. The service is always great. You can't give the place lower stars because it is popular and is always packed, but every place has its haters.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/16/2013,57,115,3,3,2>I am a pretty metropolitan, modern lady. I'm no June Cleaver by any means, but I flipped out when I had a baby girl. If you find yourself also sucked into the baby industrial complex, unable to stop yourself from picking up little odds and ends for baby every time you go out, do your wallet and the planet a favor and go here. They have a selection that is bigger than any other venue I've seen, literally packed with merchandise (but well organized). My current obsession is baby hoodies and floppy baby hats. I buy capriciously whatever makes me squeal. Why wouldn't you when it's so cheap?
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2013,6/15/2013,59,136,,4,2>ALERT!!  This is a child friendly environment!  Not that there's anything wrong with that!  Just making you aware of the fact.  I went there with my godson and his family, so y'know, that's cool with me.  Maybe just come later if you don't want to hang with a lot of kiddies.If you do go, definitely get the fried pickles!  Yum!!  That's fried pickles, people!  You may also choose either spears or slices!They have a decent selection of draft beers, about 14-16 taps.  Local and national micro brews.  Not the biggest selection I have ever seen, but large enough to allow for a few local brews, which I like. I had the Black and Bleu burger, basically because I love bleu cheese and bacon.  They have good bacon.  The burger gets about 3.75 stars out of 5.  Probably a solid 4 in Indianapolis, but this is Carmel, home of Bub's Burgers, so it is graded harder.  Decent fries too.The table also had the sampler platter which featured wings (pretty decent), fried pickles (again, Yum!) onion rings (meh.) and Fried Mac n Cheese bites (sinfully yummy).  All in all, check it out if you are in the neighborhood.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,6/14/2013,52,67,1,5,7>I go to bed early on Friday nights just so I can get up and go to Indy Winter Farmer's Market (IWFM). Its not because I am lame (okay, maybe a little), its because the market is so awesome! Here's why:-Its awesome to get out and be among people in the Winter in a place other than the mall! -Nice vendors who know what they are selling (often they grew it,  baked it or butchered it!)-Great selection of fresh foods and gifts-SAMPLES. :)-Eat breakfast there or next door in the other wing of City Market. SO much to choose from: fresh made juice, pastries, crepes, fresh fruits and breads, coffee and tea, etc.Tips:-Sometimes (follow 'em on Twitter for the scoop!) they offer $10 tokens for the first 100-200 shoppers to spend at the IWFM. I got one today and used it towards a whole organic free range chicken...can't wait to pop that bird in the oven!-Like yoga? You'll love that there is a community class (by donation of $10 or whatever you can give) sponsored by IWFM in the adjacent YMCA with a different instructor each week.  Sign up for the e-newsletter to get the scoop!-Bring cash.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,6/13/2013,179,172,4,7,5>They have a draft table where you pour your own beer. In Indiana, that is rare. This may, in fact, be unique to the state. Not sure, but they did tell me that. In Ireland, this concept is ubiquitous. I remember enjoying this at Clancy's in downtown Cork after the barman let me pour my own pint of Beamish (Cork's very own stout, better than Guinness) and keep the glass!Coming here reminds me of my pub crawl in Cork, for it was a fantastic time with pubs that often looked like this, though a bit less "Industrial Dublin."The draft system is not hyped enough. This is SERIOUSLY some of the BEST beer poured in the state. The Guinness is a marshmallow cloud that takes you on a journey over the rolling, verdant hills making one content as a lamb on a high meadow. Oh, check out their awards atop the shelving. Voted the best pint of the black stuff in North America by Guinness the company itself. Guinness actually cancelled future contests due to the domination of this pub in Indy's own backyard. Other awards include best pint in Indy, best burger by ESPN and Indy's only 5 star rated fish and chips. (Right up there with 9 Irish Brothers in Lafayette, IN)They rock the local beer and craft beer and the owner has his own brew venture called Danny Boy Beer Works that is sometimes available. It is tasty and I can't wait to try more from this  once it is in full swing.  Nice Irish whiskey selection as well. Midleton Irish Whiskey will ravage you with its perfection.Service has been great at times and meh at times. Don't go on St. Paddy's Day for it is chaos and getting a drink can be a chore. Irish sessions and other live music is to be had.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,6/12/2013,66,163,1,4,2>Well, had to give 5 for last nights dinner.  If I had posted a previous review, it probably would have been 4.  We've had dinner here many times & it has always been good.  Last night we were really hungry & tired and the food totally hit the spot.  It was great.  We arrived about 6 and there was a good sized crowd.  We decided to eat in the bar (had a cozy feel).  --Just had sandwiches etc! but they were prepared just right.  (like I always say "not all corp restaurants are created equal")  Our waitress was a little new to the bar scene & couldn't answer some of our questions about the cocktails, but she did go and get some help!  Our Ultimate long islands were excellent.  We ordered 2 meals w/intentions of splitting everything.  -the turkey burger w/ slaw and the prime rib french dip w/fries.  -Turkey was not dry & I loved the avacado on it, slaw is a new version but very tasty, prime was MR & au jus not too salty, with my special request of crispy fries.  Yum.  Everything came exactly how we ordered it & we chowed down.  Short of finishing we had to stop & took home for leftovers. Good night!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,6/11/2013,149,388,,5,2>I must stay that I was unfairly harsh in my last review.  I was trying to understand the two star rating myself.  It is more of a three and a half star.Yes the chocolates are not fresh, but the fudge is.  The fudge is made in store daily and SBCC's fudge is arguably the best in Indiana.  I can never pass a shop without getting at least a quarter pound of that great stuff!The ice cream is good, not uber high end, but they make some really tasty concoctions as well as smoothies and other coffee foo foo drinks as well here.It is super busy here:  At lunch with a combination of dessert, ice cream and coffee patrons; Late afternoon with the dessert and ice cream patrons; Any time it is hot and school is not in session!  So you pretty much need to go on a Tuesday in late January around 2pm to avoid lines.  Otherwise, pack your patience and decide what you will order whilst you wait.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,6/10/2013,130,709,2,3,2>I'd heard that Twenty Tap had great beef burgers and the rumors are true - that is a tasty burger. Plus they have lots of tasty beverages on tap. The French fries are also good. With them you get choice of two aiolis (dipping sauce - basically mayo and with stuff added in). The horseradish and chipotle were nice departures from ketchup. Great vibe.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,6/9/2013,140,444,2,4,3>What what....beer.  Brewery.  By guys in beards.  All of my favorite things in one place!  OK, so I have been drinking Sun King since we discovered their tasty goodness at Chef JJs three summers ago...yah, we've been around and feel like we were on the "in" before a lot of people, but all that said, I personally had never visited the brewery until a few weeks ago on a Friday when I wanted to surprise my hubby with a couple of growlers for a weekend in the hot tub (come back from that mind wander....).First off, I didn't have any idea it would be slammin' - like THE place to be on a Friday afternoon at 3 PM.  They offer tasting tickets upon entry for free, card you and then escort you to the tasting room which is a huge warehouse full of cocktail style tables and ROOOOOOOOOWS of beer taps.  I was one of a few women in there so I was immediately intimidated by ordering BUUUT the guy helping me was awesome!!  He gave me a couple of tastes and I ended up choosing the Java porter (I think it's a porter) and their famous Cream Ale (which is a DEAL if you already have a growler at $5 to fill it).  It is so worth the trip for freshly brewed, uniquely flavored, "so good when it touches the lips" beer in the city.  Support local brewers!  This place has inspired my hotty beard-babe hubby to start brewing and now we have a keg on tap every few weeks of something new and delicious, but we continue to head downtown for a taste of the Sun King goodness.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,6/8/2013,214,265,,7,2>Where do I begin?! We took a tour around Indy on a bar on wheels. Could it possibly get any better? It happened to rain the entire length of our trip, but it did not make the experience any less exciting. We drank, laughed, listened to music and most importantly...pedaled ourselves along the streets of Indianapolis. The looks people gave us along the way were priceless. It was as if their eyes were saying, "Ah, I'm so jealous!" and "Why have I not done that before?!" So the bike experience lasted around 2 hours, but don't worry - they are more than willing to make bar/bathroom stops along the way. For example, we stopped along Mass Ave and walked around for a bit before hopping back on the bike of wonder. Affordable? Yes, it is! With all of the seats filled, it comes out to be about $25 per person. The owners are incredibly friendly and chat along the way. You're able to have your own music selection, so you have the freedom to jam to anything from JT to the Spice Girls (just a few faves of mine.) With the HandleBar originating in Amsterdam, I'm so very thankful that it has now made its grand appearance in Indianapolis.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,6/7/2013,86,77,,5,6>I don't brunch often, but when I do, I brunch at Ruth's.--Because at Ruth's I get really good coffee in big cups. And they bring a cup to you if you have to wait (which is often, because this place is SO good -- ALSO, they are expanding into the spot next to them, so 3 cheers that we won't have to wait as long in the near future!)--Lefse that can't be found anywhere else that I know.--The best darn scrambles and eggs Benedict I've ever seen. Most recently, I enjoyed a scramble with spinach, pesto, goat cheese and mushrooms and my hubs enjoyed the crab cake Benedict. To quote him, "This is the best, most crabby crab cake I've ever had.  It's almost all crab!'--Funky decor, on point servers, and a gracious owner.Ruth's is great for breakfast, brunch or lunch...I've not found anything on the menu I don't enjoy.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,6/6/2013,29,45,7,8,6>I've been here twice and I want to go like sixty more times.  The first time was absolutely sublime - we chanced upon the best table in the place (back corner, view of the entire room, like a boss).  The second trip included a long-ish wait, but we went at peak hours during the weekend, so that didn't surprise me, and it gave us enough time to go get a pre-dinner taco from a really fantastic place just down the block.  Unfortunately, somebody brought their awful children who only communicated by shrieking horribly and bonking forks on the tables.  Well, that's no fault of the restaurant, I suppose.  Don't bring your kids!  Please!On my first visit, I got the steak frites.  It's quite cheap for what you get - a bigass hanger steak on the plate with a completely absurdly huge mountain of frites on top, plus two dipping sauces.  You're going to want to get like two of the house-made beers and spend at least an hour working your way through this veritable Montagne de Frites.  The dipping sauces are incredible.  The roasted garlic aioli is the clear winner, but I really like the bleu cheese, horseradish, and sauce andalouse (kinda like a tangy, lemony mayo) as well.  On my second visit, I had the duck confit mitraillette.  Fun fact: Mitraillette translates literally to "submachine gun."  The sandwich has duck confit, dried cherry and lambic compote, spicy mustard and crispy fried leek on top.  That is a damn fine sandwich.  Of course, they just dump a whole bunch of frites on it as well.  I'm pretty sure they put crack in their frites.  You can't stop eating them.  Other restaurants just don't do it the same way.  At other, lesser restaurants, I have felt as if I was biting into a hot slug instead of a piece of fried potato.  At Brugge, the frites are perfectly crispy on the outside and soft and creamy on the inside.  They are basically the Platonic ideal of fried potatoes.  Both times I've been to Brugge I've taken the leftovers to work the next day.  My coworkers inevitably mention that whatever I just heated up in the microwave smells amazing.  They look at their prepackaged Healthy Choice meals with a vague sense of disappointment as I tuck into the best leftovers ever.  Taking leftover Brugge to work the next day will definitely make you the King (or Queen) of the Breakroom.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,6/5/2013,287,451,,4,4>Such a great time with so many beautiful exhibits for ten bucks!!! The 165 exceptional artisans crafts were amazing, astonishing, marvelous, spectacular, creative, breathe taking, just not enough words! When you leave you're feeling a little inadequate in the talent department unless you're one of those lucky talented individuals.Pottery by Thomas has exquisite pottery using different firing and glazing techniques. One type of pottery uses horse hair to burn designs in the pottery as soon as it's removed from the kiln with different glazing techniques. I could rave about so many but instead I'll just hit the various types of exhibits that had my complete attention for hours so you'll know for next year. Several exhibitors were actually crafting their art for the crowd and they made it look so easy!! The diverse artisans were selling hand crafted leather journals, fabric art in all sizes, wineries galore and tea shops with people 5 deep for samples, flavored marshmallows being roasted in front of us, hand shaped pretzels, several chocolate and fudge shops, jams/condiments/sauces, homemade noodles, jewelry, photography, oils paintings and pencil sketched artwork. Even more still with stained glass, hand loomed hats, scarves, shawls, large variety of soaps, hand-made furniture, metal creations, and chain saw cravings of benches, bears and fun signs. Speaking with many of the talented artisans was a treat in itself. Most were humble, fascinating people who loved chatting about their designs. For me, I was even more impressed after hearing of the painstaking hours mastering their craft.  Amazing abilities under one roof which I, and so many others fully appreciated and envied. After seeing a large number of artisans from Kentucky one of the exhibitors explained the reason it wasn't just Indiana represented at the marketplace. Kentucky has an artisan's marketplace each year and invites our Indiana artists and they reciprocate each year. The amount of wine, cheese, chocolates, fudge, toffee, pretzels, and teas we sampled was well worth the $10. We left caffeinated with a sugar rush and memories of wonderful foods and several bags of goodies. I can't wait till next year's marketplace.  I left putting together a couple road trips to Kentucky and Southern Indiana to visit studios and festivals recommended by artisans we spoke to today. The Indiana Artesian Marketplace certainly did show case the best of Indiana and Kentucky arts and foods.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,6/4/2013,32,55,,5,2>This place is amazing!  It is right across the street from where we work and I can't believe it was as amazing as it was!!! This place is absolutely blow away.  The portions are amazing, the tastes are epic, and the service is friendly and courteous.  I had the Jerk Chicken, and while I was warned about the heat... I thought it was just really flavorful and only mildly spicy.  It was a really crazy type of spicy though that had an amazing about of flavor.  I felt as though the flavors were very unique and to me that makes a restaurant special... especially when the tastes and flavors are also accompanied by a great variety of textures, well cooked meats, perfectly stewed sides, and unique menu items.We will be going back all the time and I will be brining back friends.  It was just that good. Something to share!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,6/3/2013,42,253,3,7,2>Fellow vegetarians do not fret, you CAN eat here!  I was worried about this but when dining with four carnivores who were dying to dig in here I had to go with the flow. My dad had been requesting St. Elmo's gift cards for all holidays that behooved of him and finally decided it was time to cash in on a decent meal even though "your Mom makes the best steak I have ever had!"...wink wink.  My mom, dad, sister, and boyfriend all opted for he Devour menu and all had the shrimp cocktail appetizer and filet with mashed potatoes and green beans.  Everyone acted like he filet was the best they had ever consumed.  Though I did not have the infamous shrimp cocktail, each piece looked big and juicy and was quickly devoured not long after it arrived at the table.  I had a basily-pesto angel hair linguine with artichokes, tomatoes, and asparagus.  It was absolutely delicious and probably one of the better pasta dishes I have ever had.  It is not on the menu but if you mention you are a vegetarian they will offer you this dish.  It's $25.  You also get a basket of bread...divine!  They make the flatbread in house and it is a cheesy delight.  You also get some rolls stuffed with onions in some type of sauce/glaze.  Quite a treat.  Everyone got dessert with the Devour menu and I didn't want to be left out so I opted for the Blue and White Bread Pudding with vanilla ice cream.  It was the largest piece of bread pudding I have ever been served.  Had everyone not gotten a dessert, this would have easily satisfied all five of us.  I also tried the chocolate cherry bread pudding and the creme brulee, which I wasn't crazy about.  Bread pudding is a definite must if you leave room for dessert!Loved the old school, low light ambiance but it seemed really loud.  I was having a hard time hearing our waiter even when he was standing right next to me.  Overall a great experience!  I know it was a hit if my sister is still texting me four days later asking if I "remember when we ate that delicious meal at St. Elmo and I ate half of everyone's dessert?!"
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,6/2/2013,35,128,2,3,3>Came here for the first time this year on my birthday, WHY have I not been here sooner??? I instantly fell in love, great food, yes it's worth saying again, GREAT FOOD. I had a Brooklyn Style pastrami sandwich, it was very tasty, I've never been to Brookyn but I'll take their word for it! Oh and the fried potato cake is amazing, make sure you get that! A bit pricey, I'm not gonna lie, but as you're sitting there you can just feel the history and to me that is worth every penny! Win Win for me.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/1/2013,34,59,3,6,2>This might be my new favorite place for brunch.  It's location in a strip mall on W. 86th doesn't prepare you for the sleek decor, the extensive tea and coffee selection or the truly delectable, yet healthy menu.  The ingredients are locally sourced, organic and preservatives are avoided.  I was able to order something scrumptious that made me feel like I had splurged, yet while remaining low cal which is nearly impossible in Indianapolis.   My only less than positive comment was that we seemed to get the only sour waitress in this little bistro--she left us sitting for quite some time before even attempting to take drink orders, served another customer before us that arrived after we had been sitting for 5 minutes and was in general, a little snobby.  We found out about the special of the day when she told some other patrons adjacent to us...of course this was AFTER we had already ordered.  She got a little better by the end of our meal but I could have certainly 86'd the attitude to make this a truly great dining experience.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,5/31/2013,185,178,3,6,4>Who loves the Green Door Lounge?I do. A lot. What's not to love? The packed bar room where everyone is your best friend? The cheap beer buckets and the reasonably priced liquor? The jukebox that's jammed with mainly 60's & 70's sweet hits? The popcorn machine? - which in my opinion should be a staple at every dive bar. The TOMBSTONE PIZZA which is the only food item available? The bartenders and servers who are actually pleasant and seem to enjoy their jobs?Or, maybe because the place is named after the 70's porn classic "Behind the Green Door"?The only thing I regret is not having discovered this little oasis until recently.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,5/30/2013,10,47,2,8,3>THE place to go if you're on the south side and you feel the need for some mozzarella,  freshly-baked bread, olives, or cannoli.    Friendly and helpful staff will slice up whatever pancetta or salami you like... AND you can get the makings for Italian beef sandwiches.  Clean and bright inside, with a selection of imported pastas and sauces, too!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/29/2013,60,619,,5,2>Really fun place.  It looks so nondescript from the outside, you can barely tell it's open, but the inside is very nicely laid out and bright.  High ceilings, lovely bar.  Service was great, as were the margarita and sangria (and at $8 a glass a little pricey).The menu is so varied, it was difficult to decide what to choose.  Appetizers sound delicious but come with a huge serving of chips and very small servings of the actual dip.  The entrees are very substantial, but also a little pricey for Mexican food.The food was fine -- there's better Latin/Mexican/whatever elsewhere -- but it's such a festive and fun atmosphere that I'll definitely be back, even just to sit at the bar with friends having drinks and appetizers.  Great new addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,5/28/2013,26,124,1,6,3>I very much like Gumbo A Go Go but I'm not going to compare it to Yats.  I'm just happy to have another Cajun place on the north side.   I usually stick to the etouffee with crawfish when I go but I also recently tried the drunken chicken and the bourbon chicken which were quite good.  I still want to try the voo doo chicken so I'll definitely be back.The service is always friendly and pretty quick which is nice when you're pressed for time at lunch.  The only think I can't understand about both Yats and this place is that the rice is always room temperature.  Does it not get hot in the rice maker?  Is that the problem?  I'm still a regular customer though because this problem can easily be remedied by a take-out order and a microwave at home.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,5/27/2013,131,130,,4,4>The world is a song, and that song is sung by the Indianapolis Children's Choir. This fabulous non-profit organization brings children of all ages into the magical realm of music through various local choirs throughout Indy. The ICC family is known for giving each child the chance to shine and grow through their amazing choral programs, and now your child can have that same valuable experience!Along with their extensive calendar of concerts, the ICC makes appearances in various events throughout Naptown. Recently, they appeared with Kelly Clarkson at the Super Bowl XLVI, singing the national anthem! They also perform with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, along with other amazing performers, orchestras, and musicians. As a member of the ICC family, there are many great opportunities for singers to tour the country and the world, performing with other great singers and choirs. The possibilities are endless!The ICC staff are some of the sweetest, knowledgeable, experienced, and helpful musical gurus you will ever have the pleasure to work with! They are chock-full of knowledge, guidance, and direction. Each staff member has years of experience in their designated field, and are utterly dedicated to the ICC mission. There is a golden air of genuine passion, confidence, and love that each director brings to the ICC. With these amazing mentors highlighting the young voices of the future in their own unique way, you can be sure that your children will learn self-improvement skills, radiate in their hard-earned success, and bring joy to the lives of thousands as their beautiful voices rise up as one. Be sure to check out the calendar for some eclectic choral selections this season!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,5/26/2013,195,303,,3,3>I pretty much agree with everything Kristy K. wrote.  If I had written this review in years past, this would have been a 5 star review without question.  But three hours this year instead of four (we didn't even get to all of the rows, which was sad, and we have in years past), and tickets going up to $40 was a real bummer.  I do understand it sells out every year, so it's a supply/demand issue, but still...But ASIDE FROM THAT.The beers here are awesome.  The brewers and brewery staff are awesome.Everyone is passionate about good beer.It's wonderful getting to taste great beers from around the state, region, and in a few cases, the country.  It's been an excellent way for us to find out about more breweries in easy road trip distance as well!  One thing that's new as of the last two years that I'm happy about - snacks are now consolidated to the concession stands instead of being separate freestanding booths.  This is a much more efficient use of space.I brought a purse full of munchies, because this is my fourth or fifth winterfest, and I understand the importance of snacking while you drink!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2013,5/25/2013,130,167,4,4,2>Cadillac Ranch, you might just be my kryptonite. I have happened to find myself in this establishment a couple of times (my 25th birthday and the Yelp, Like, 80's Prom). I always go in to the night just expecting a fun, laid back, night with friends, but this last time I found myself shamefully stumbling around and waving my white patent pleather pumps in the air in an effort to gather my (also stumbly) friends and hail a cab. Not my proudest moment.There is something about this place that always makes me want to go a little beyond 'fun and laid back'. It might be the low drink prices (and multiple bars that are always easily accessible), the dance floor calling my name, or the hilarity that ensues from pressuring people to ride the bull... I honestly have no idea, but I have never been to Cadillac ranch and not yelled "shots!" .It just brings out the 'woo! girl' hiding deep inside of me.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,5/24/2013,227,380,1,6,4>I recently joined some of my Yelp Elite friends for a three course dinner at The Local in celebration of Northside Nights. If you aren't familiar with Northside Nights, it's a 3 course meal for $30 at some of the best restaurants located in fishers, Carmel, Westfield (Indy Metro North). My dinner selections: 1. Roasted Carrot Soup with creme Fraiche, 2. Herb gnocchi with Asparagus, pea, wild mushroom, goat cheese mousse, and smoked beurre blanc3. Ginger and red beet crème brûléeThe verdict:1. Soup was good, but I can't say I was blown away by it. I found myself looking for some subtle flavor or special ingredient that never quite surfaced and getting food envy when my other companions were happily munching on their salad of mixed endive and radicchio with Almonds, honey ricotta, fricco wafer and sherry garlic Vinaigrette.2. Herb gnocchi. Holy cow, forget first impressions... this dish is where it's all happening! The gnocchi was cooked absolutely perfectly with just the right balance of flavors. This made my mouth very happy, and I had to reason with my tongue that licking a bowl in public isn't appropriate.3. Dessert. What to say about the dessert. I saw this on the menu and wondered just how a red beet would play into a crème brûlée, but figured I might as well give it a try. I had hoped I would be bragging to a co-worker of mine, a crème brûlée loving, plate-licking co-worker who was born with a crème brûlée torch in her hand. I'm happy to say that she received pictures before, during and after I destroyed this dish. The red beet was a sweet sauce gently placed on top of the sugar-encrusted sweet ginger crème and made a deliciously marvelous dessert taste ten times better. I really hope this is on the menu on a regular basis, because I'd drive 40 minutes through traffic in the rain just for this.This was my first time to The Local, and I'm so happy that I was able to give it a try. The wait staff is friendly, knowledgeable about the menu (including the impressive beer menu), and the atmosphere is casual and upbeat. Although not open during my visit, the outdoor patio could be a great place for a late night dessert during the summer, and I believe I'll be putting that to the test once winter finally releases its grip on us Hoosiers! Until then, get your butts to The Local! You'll be glad you did.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,5/23/2013,136,45,4,8,6>As good as it gets. For me. Five stars, really? For a dive? Yes, because I LOVE dives. And Ralph's is the best kind. Friendly, warm, cozy, fun, you get me, right?Drive up along New York Street and I already know what you're thinking. Run down, rickety old shack with steel bars on the door and front windows. Great.  DON'T BE FOOLED, FOOL!Atmosphere: Think your buddy's dad's basement bar. Not your buddy's bar, your buddy's DAD'S basement bar. Old neon, framed B&W pictures, historic Indy memorabilia, US military chachkies, etc. Think TGI Friday's, but all 'garage sale' and no Target.Food: Outstanding. Actually, its a pretty big menu. You can't go wrong anywhere, but my habit is to stay in the middle of the menu (the entrees). That section gets you two sides (soup is an up-charge; its worth it) AND dessert. I usually opt for the Beef Tenderloin Skewers. My wife prefers the "T&A" (that's Tips and Aug for you gutter dwellers) and then she 'shares' my dessert (of which I get NO say in). My (read: our) favorite finisher is the Cobbler of the Day served hot with a scoop of ice cream.  Sometimes blackberry, sometimes peach, sometimes cherry, always delicious. My father-in-law ALWAYS goes for the coconut cream pie and my mother-in-law can't pass on the multi-layer chocolate cake.Drinks: Sodas, great iced tea, lots of beers, both bottle and tap, including our favorite local, Sun King, and a full bar. My only suggestion is to add a single barrel bourbon to the shelf, or Indiana's own W.H. Harrison, Governor's Reserve, to keep it local. :-)Clearly, we love Ralph's. We go a couple times a month and sometimes I make it for lunch if I'm downtown. Call it good for any occasion, i.e., out-of-town guests, client lunch (if your client is cool), before a Colts game or after a Pacers game. If I was leaving, I'd want my going-away-party at Ralph's. But since I'm staying, you know where I'll be.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/22/2013,17,114,4,4,3>I really wish I didn't live almost an hour away. This would be the greatest local coffee shop hangout. Beer Booze Coffee and Tea! The back bar area although small is cozy with a decent tap list. The mixed boozy cocktails with chai or coffee's were really good. I was tipsy shortly afternoon thanks to this delightful stop! This place is like a mullet (but in  a good way) Business in the front and party in the back! It's the type of place that when I am working on grad school stuff I would study up front for a bit, then go back and celebrate my hard work with a well deserved beverage.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,5/21/2013,100,362,2,3,2>I really like this place. The menu is interesting and you can completely customize your order. The pita is soft and tasty. My go-to order is the gyro with feta and veggies but I've enjoyed everything that I've ordered. My only quibble is that their delivery minimum is pretty high -- I have to order two sandwiches and a side in order to meet it. On the bright side, the sandwiches hold up well -- last time I had delivery, I ate one for lunch and the other sandwich for dinner on the following day.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,5/20/2013,150,96,,3,4>Newest brewery in town just getting off the ground. They had a solid line up of a cream, dunkle, stout and pale. I enjoyed them all and walked out with a growler of the stout, new for $18+tax. Andy the brewer said their were 2 IPAs coming up. Looking forward to those. Check it out there's a killer mural in the entry by CBL Imagery. Fun spot that will only get better. This is a carry out establishment so don't go there asking for a pint, but you can get some killer brew to go.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,5/19/2013,30,118,7,3,2>If i could only eat at one taco shack the rest of my days this would be it. Even after working in 100 plus temperature days with YMCA summer camp, me and my fellow Y crew would dominate this place knowing full well the consequences later. Why you ask? All in the name of great taste and friendship!Roscoe's home made sauces could go well with anything. I could seriously dose some ice cream in some Texas brushfire or some cincy city slicker. Their nacho cheese is just the right tip of spicy, and their tacos are all business. If someone has something less than amazing to say about this place, i question their character, and have to wonder when exactly life was no longer worth living. Roscoe's demands your respect, but mainly, it invites you in like a true lady of the night. Its a one night stand you never feel guilty about. Be mine forever Roscoe's.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,5/18/2013,51,87,1,4,3>As a groupon freak I snatched this one up.  Mmm Burger joint!  Mmm veggie patties!yes that is right they have your standard bocaAnd a house made black bean.  Food:I had the boca subbed in on the bbq burger.  It was fantastic.  Toasty bun, cheddar, bbQ sauce, roasted onions.  Loved it.The Man subbed in bison for ground angus and he said it was just great.The fries were nice and big and tastily battered though they had too much salt on them.  So next time I'd ask for no salt. Service:  Fast, we walked right up to the counter and got helped.  It's one of those take a number and walk to your table joints.  We sat for a bit and got our food.  It was hot even with the very differnet cooking times on the boca and the bison.Atmosphere:  Neat, exposed duct work and picnic tables it's pretty minimalist but it works.  They have a fire in the middle of the place and i really wanted to sit next to it but it was full.Kid friendly - we were in pretty late so there weren't many kids there but they do have a playroom with chalkboard walls and such so it seems like a great place to go with small kids.Price:  Mine was about 9$ and his was 10.50$ (they charge market price for the bison)   Good amount of food for the price.  I saved half my burger and at it the next day.  Hey I save food.  Don't judge.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,5/17/2013,33,191,,5,2>It's so easy to drive past this place and not notice. Located in a small strip mall on Allisonville and 62nd St. We usually stop at the other pizza place very close to this location. Can't believe there are two awesome pizza/pasta places in such close proximity to each other! Is that legal?? We started with the olive loaf with marinara and garlic butter sauces. It was olives tucked in pizza dough and baked.... wasn't too impressed...but the marinara is excellent. I like the fennel in it... We got a deep dish upside down San Diego on stone ground whole wheat crust. Usually jalapenos on pizza don't have much of a kick to it and in a few bites I am reaching for the red pepper flakes. But not this one.... the crust was perfect not too doughy pizza and the sweet marinara and spicy jalapenos really complement each other. I saved room for cheesecake and boy was I not disappointed! Got the blackberry cheesecake, it was light and not too sugary sweet.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,5/16/2013,134,221,4,9,4>I will attempt to restrain my general excitement about a new cafe in my 'hood and overcome any bias I might have after getting free coffee both times I have been here in order to bring you an unbiased review. (But: squeeeee!!!) I've been running past this place for a couple of months, anxiously awaiting its opening. On Easter Sunday I got my first chance to enjoy an afternoon here, over coffee and a bowl of Trader's Point yogurt with Circle City Sweets' granola. I love the atmosphere at Foundry, with its wide windows onto Alabama and 16th, just on the border between the Old Northside and Herron Morton. The workers are friendly, the coffee is hot -- what more could you ask for? This area has been wanting for a nice hang-out coffee spot since the demise of the Corner Cafe years ago. Thank you, Foundry, for answering my prayers. I feel kind of bad taking you up on the free coffee first for being a neighborhood resident and then a Facebook fan, but not too bad because I will spend many of my future coffee dollars on your goods and services.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/15/2013,13,30,,4,3>If you're an adventurous pizza lover, you'll know that there are a lot of good pizza places in Indianapolis.  Napolese is no exception.  First, they have a very impressive toppings list.  A wide variety to choose from - many coming from local farms and purveyors (around 15 listed on the menu).   The inside was slightly smaller than I expected, but it was very well laid out.  The tables were situated slightly diagonally to each other, so that you didn't feel too close to other tables.  The pizza oven faces out towards the restaurant, so you can see the pizza makers do their magic.  The service was also very courteous and on top of things. I went during some really bad weather, so it wasn't busy.  However, like Deborah B. said, it will probably be crowded on fri/sat nights, so a reservation would be a good idea.  We started off with the sausage meatballs and we received 3 very big, very tasty meatballs.  We actually ended up taking one home, which helps justify the $11 price tag for more budget minded diners.  I ordered my pizza with fresh mozz., pepperoni, and oyster mushrooms.  I'd rather have gone with the buffalo mozz., but  decided to save a few bucks.  I really enjoyed the pizza.  The pepperoni was cut pretty large and had solid flavor...probably some of the better pepperoni I've had.  My only beef with the pizza, as with all gourmet/artisanal pizzas, is that I want more sauce!  The sauce was great, I just wanted more of it.  The crust had a slight char, adding to the flavor nicely.The draft selection intelligently includes Indiana brews, which is an absolute must.  I really appreciate the high quality ingredients Napolese incorporates into its food and I'm even happier they work with local businesses to get it done.  A few toppings on a pizza can be pricey, but it is still an excellent value.  I will be back!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,5/14/2013,187,120,1,4,2>Found this little gem while I was taking a flower arranging class in Franklin. After being late to class a few too many times i decided to try a local place and I am sure glad i did! Wonderful food! And great, speedy service! I went there 2 weeks in a row and had the same thing, cheese burger with a side of beets. I know, I know weird! But the burger was fresh, not frozen with fresh toppings! I forgot to mention that the 2nd time I went there I gave in and got a piece of chocolate cake, equally delicious!! Next time I am cruising through Franklin you can bet your bottom dollar that I will be stopping in to visit Aunt Judy!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,5/13/2013,25,106,,4,2>We have driven by a few times, but never noticed this out of the way dive until this past week. The outside is buried in a small strip mall and County Line is busy enough without averting your eyes long enough to notice a restaurant. However, we were quickly sat and greeted, drinks in hand under 3 minutes. We both ordered Thai Iced Tea. I don't know what I was expecting, but it tasted like regular iced tea to me. I admit, I was a little disappointed. However, soup came with our lunch and my husband was so quick to order that I didn't even noticed it came with. Some of the veggies tasted quite fresh, but not necessarily frozen (thought I'm sure they were). Was a tasty soup, but very different from what I expected. The lavender rice is shaped in a cute heart. Different by design, but yummy with the lunch order, mini egg roll, and a fried wonton of some sort. The portion was just right for lunch and my husband and I were pleasantly surprised. We can't figure out why Thai Spice is almost right next door and how this must affect their business, but after we sat down for lunch, 4 or 5 other tables came in, so they certainly aren't hurting for business.We will be back!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,5/12/2013,28,308,,2,3>Absolutely, without a doubt, the best tacos in Indy. It's good to the point that there are quite a few who will hate this place. For instance, if you think crispy shell, or lettuce and tomato, or cheese when you think "taco", then this is not your place. There are many other Mexican restaurants in the city where you can get this sort of thing.This is attached to the little market at the southeast corner of Michigan & 79th. They have a counter looking over the grill and a few tables toward the door. There are staff who speak English, like a girl who works there during the day, but the cook, if he's the only one there, speaks almost none. Just be warned.The selection is just awesome: barbacoa, pastor, lengua, cabeza and, of course, carne asada, just to name a few. I would actually put the pastor above the carne asada, but both are very good. They also have burritos, sopas, can do quesadillas (definitely the best quesadilla I've had in the state), and have various other specials, like seafood soup and grilled chicken on certain days. If you want something specific, just ask, because it may not be on the menu (the quesadillas are not).Only downside is that it's pricier than I'm used to. Tacos are $2, burritos are $8, quesadillas are $6.While I was there, a bunch of guys were sitting at the counter, all chatting with the staff. One of them was drinking a michelada, but I don't know if they're supposed to be serving alcohol. Worth asking about though. The market next door sells beer, I believe.This is my go-to for real Mexican food now though, edging out Lupitas Tamale Shop. She's got more of a selection but I like this place more overall.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,5/11/2013,82,177,2,4,3>One of my best friends & I strolled in for a random early Friday happy hour of our own. We were quickly helped with choosing drinks for the first round & Scotch Eggs to nosh on (so delish!!!) I honestly can't say anything negative about our visit since I found good conversation with my friend and the bartender Max and a new-found appreciation for Imperial Stout beers. Max let us sample a few brews to get a feel for what we liked & made great suggestions. Can't go wrong with a local bar that highly encourages one to drink local!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,5/9/2013,74,286,,4,3>I stopped here at the Indiana Living Green Celebration. Mainly because I saw gelato, and I've never been one to turn that down.I was not in a chocolate to take home mood (I know, sue me. But don't worry... I will be back) so I opted for a two scoop only.I would like to confirm that the Honey Lavender Gelato and the Rose Petal Champagne Sorbetto are both delicious! My favorite was the Honey Lavender... mmmmmm. This place had a fabulous assortment of sweet treats, and I can't wait to come back and get something else!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,5/8/2013,50,97,,5,3>After writing a scathing two-star review, Jon sent me a message apologizing for my bad experience, and he asked me to please stop in and give his restaurant another chance.- I did.I have eaten at La Margarita several times since my first visit, and everything has been much better. The albondigas en chipotle, the tamales, the ceviche... Everything has been good. I haven't found anything that I dream about, but La Margarita is well above your average Mexican restaurant. While I don't think you will find any food here that blows you away it is unlikely that you will leave disappointed.My visits have also allowed me to delve into their Mezcal selection which- thanks to Stephanie- has quickly become my new favorite liquor. She always tells me about the newest bottle behind the counter, and thanks to the new weekly tequila/ mezcal flights I can try the latest without breaking the bank.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,5/7/2013,93,210,,3,5>Been in here a few times to shop around and look for some cool eccentric home decor items. They have a lot to offer from trinkets to furniture to cool wall decorations and stylish gifts for yourself or a friend.I bought one of the Indy neighborhood posters here and they were great to work with me getting it mounted properly and calling me when it was ready. My husband loved it since it was a big surprise for him :)I will say it is a little pricey but if you have the moola go for it. But some of the decorations and trinkets aren't too shabby if you're looking for something unique for yourself or giving a housewarming gift.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,5/6/2013,4,69,,9,1>Had a chance to visit this foot massage place in Indy today.  To date I have checked out about 6 including this place in Indy.  I know these type places are popping up everywhere in the Indianapolis area.  This one is located across from the Greenwood mall off of County Line road.  There "stated" rate is $40 for an hour massage, which is kinda high given the prices of the other places in town.  However with a coupon you can get it down to $25 which isn't bad.  There set up is like all the others, what I did like was that before the massage started I was asked if I wanted a soft, medium or hard massage.  This is the first time I have been asked and requested the medium.  I was also asked if there was any where I would like concentrated on and I said my right shoulder area which she did.  Overall just like the other spots, these ladies/guys work a more presure point type massage which at times can be a bit painful, but the lady today could sense that and asked if I wished for her to back off a bit and in some cases I did.  Overall I was very satisfied with my foot/back/head/arm/hand/leg massage and would consider returning.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,5/5/2013,10,46,2,4,3>Loved Yats!  The totally tatted-up, hipster-type guy working the counter couldn't have been more patient with my mom and me as we hemmed and hawed over what fabulous dishes to get for our to-go order.  We ended up getting the Drunken Chicken, Chili étouffée with Crawfish, Spinach and Mushroom Étouffée, and Creole Chicken.  (Clearly she, my dad and I were planning on eating nothing but Yats for the entirety of my parents' visit). Everything was phenomenal.  I really couldn't pick a favorite... Except maybe the chili étouffée. Or the Drunken Chicken.  Or everything else, really. All that deliciousness, together with the approximately eight loaves of bread the nice Yats man gave to us (because he probably thought we we were catering a wedding or retirement party), made for a couple of awesome meals while my folks were in town... Plus they freeze beautifully, so I've been able to continue laissez-ing les bons temps rouler during the work week with just a few zaps of the microwave.  The only negative us that all the leftovers mean that it'll be a while before my next trip to Yats!!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2012,5/4/2013,295,229,7,3,4>"When you find a pair of pants that actually fits and you can't stop staring at your own butt in the dressing room mirror" is the only way to describe the level of satisfaction I got from El Azabache's drink menu. Marvel at this drink menu. I ordered a medium marg because it was before noon...and you have to take it easy sometimes. It was utterly huge. 20 oz of margarita goodness for about $5. I can't even handle it. El Azabache has a really great and wide selection of food for all sorts. Taco salads and American-ish food for people who don't realize they are at a Mexican restaurant. Vegetarian options abound. I will never make the mistake of creating my own plate of chile rellenos and ordering two because it was far too much food after pounding a large margarita. The food can often be bland, soupy, and generally lame. It's hit or miss on the food, but the drinks are so fantastic. I'm torn. El Azabache offers a card that you can scan to gain points for free items. They also have a lunch coupon on Coupons 4 Indy.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,5/3/2013,133,150,,6,4>I like this place a lot.  It's nice to get out of the house sometimes and go do something normally I would spend an evening at home doing - playing nerdy card and/or board games.  It can be intimidating a little bit because the group seems a little insular and most are REALLY into whatever game they are playing.  You might get the feeling you are being ignored if you are waiting at the counter.  You might be scolded for playing Illuminati with only 2 people.  But:  if  you have a hankering to play MTG and only have a deck of cards, but no friends, you will always be able to find someone to play with you.  There is no cover or fee to go hang out and game.  There are two floors and space can be reserved for private events, they have a calendar online that lists the gaming events they are hosting, and you can get all manner of gaming fuel to eat: pizza, burritos, Mountain Dew.  You know.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,5/2/2013,71,36,4,8,6>Holy guacamole Batman! Best guac I've had at a restaurant in Indy. Chunky, limey goodness. Me gusta.I rather like the streamlined menu approach. A handful of appetizers (did I mention the guac?), two salads, two tortas and a slew of tacos.Tried three of the tacos: fish, chicken (pollo verde) and spicy pork (cochinita pibil). The fish had plenty of flavor and balance. The spicy pork was advertised as much hotter than it was, but still perfect for me and plenty of zest. The pollo verde was a touch dry and needed some red sauce to bring out the fullness.We did not see the craft cocktail menu so went with the house margarita which was not too syrupy sweet with a solid tequila strength and a good tart snap.Really like the casual western ambiance with an undercurrent of rowdiness. I can imagine a segmented audience of traditional diners and late night revelers both being equally comfortable here.Service was extremely attentive. Not cheap but not outrageous. Our tacos were served collectively which led to sharing bites.Nothing discouraged me from a return visit and I eagerly anticipate another round of guac as well as trying more of the tacos.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,5/1/2013,49,205,1,5,2>Amory is simply outstanding at his profession.  I chose for him to create grey and black wings to cover my back.  In only two sketches he was able to nail what I wanted the wings to look like.  He makes you feel completely at ease while in his studio and does everything he can to make you feel comfortable in what is a very uncomfortable process.  And he is fast!  Being that I'm not one for pain, his ability to turn out spectacular work in a short period of time is incredibly valuable.  He is someone when you leave the studio makes you feel like a friend instead of a client.  I will recommend him to absolutely anyone.  Thanks Amory.  You're amazing.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,4/30/2013,34,58,1,5,5>Check out the new Szechwan Garden!  They have completely redesigned the interior, creating a banquet area and karaoke rooms.  And the menu has expanded with even more truly authentic Chinese dishes.  I can't wait to try some of them.  And best of all, they will now be doing dim sum!!  I've posted some pictures of the redesigned space--it is really unrecognizable.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/29/2013,388,59,,7,3>Sweet mother of god. Hands down one of the best meals and overall dining experiences I've had in my hometown. We arrived early for our reservation and had drinks at the bar - an appropriately named Tang Punch (Bluecoat Gin, House Tangerine Drinking Vinegar, St. Germain, Bittermens Hopped Grapefruit Bitters) for her and an interesting but not entirely enjoyable Double Down (Great Kings St. Artist's Blend, House Tobacco Syrup, Green Chartreuse, Angostura Bitters, Ardbeg Rinse) for me. The bar tender was knowledgeable and affable and set the tone for the evening.We were seated in the Nest and served by Meg (? Megan?). I wish I had something to offer on the bites, the soup, and the dessert, but my mind was wiped completely clean by the Pork Porterhouse. That particular cut of Gunthorp Farm hog is available exclusively at Cerulean, and as good as the rest of entrees sound, I don't know that I'll ever order anything else. Lightly seared, pink in the middle, and lined with a ribbon of fat, the porterhouse is the most succulent piece of pig I've ever had. It's a work of art - the crumbled corn bread and sweet potato fritters served alongside it were good but the meat could be served on an unadorned plate and I'd hardly notice.The service was friendly, attentive, unobtrusive - never far enough away that were were left looking over our shoulders for water or the next course, never close enough that we felt crowded. A superlative experience, and one that I hope to have somewhat regularly.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,4/28/2013,115,246,3,6,3>I'm embarrassed at how often I have gotten carry out here. The first time I ordered from here I had to PULL OVER AND EAT because the food smelled so intoxicatingly awesome. The spicy gyros are OUT OF THIS WORLD delicious. Adel gives you a heaping serving of spicy gyro meat, carved right before your eyes. Can't decide between tzatziki and feta? He just might get you both.  The spicy chicken shawarma is decent but not in the same league as the gyros. Also, the falafel is unlike any other restaurant's I've had (in a good way). The baklava and hummus are solid, too. All good choices here.In closing, let your friends and loved ones order what they want at Adel's but you, the savvy Yelper, order the spicy gyro and thank me later.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/27/2013,41,152,6,4,4>I had to go to Franklin to pay my first ever speeding ticket. I have never been to the actual city of Franklin before (I got the ticket on the highway) and when I have never been somewhere I like to try a local restaurant in the area.  And when I know nothing about any of the local restaurants, I find the closest and hopefully the best Mexican food available.I asked the ladies in the ticket office where such a place would be and they did not steer me wrong when they sent me here.I can't remember what combo I ordered but I remember I really liked it.  Same goes for my old man.  We also got big ass margaritas and cheese dip (what else is new).  The place was clean and funky, the servers were attentive and prompt, and everything was as tasty as it was plentiful.  If I ever have to return to Franklin for a legal infraction, I will return to drown my sorrows in mas tequila and white queso.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/26/2013,27,56,,7,3>First of all... I notice all the negative reviews are regarding artists who no longer work at Irish Ink, so please everyone keep that in mind when looking for a tattoo shop... All my (f'ing awesome) tattoos are done by JACOB BRYAN and will be for the rest of my life.  Between my husband and myself we have probably a dozen or so JACOB BRYAN tattoos, and as I said, they are f'ing amazing.  Lines are so smooth and clean, none of that botchy connect the dots shit.  I love that I can head into Irish Ink and give Jacob the vague-est of ideas for what I want and he somehow reads my mind and draws up the most badass yet beautiful tattoos.  I am a dainty lady but I do want a smidge of toughness to my tattoos.  Bottom line, ignore the haters, they are wrong.  Go to Irish Ink.  Ask for JACOB.  Be happy.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,4/25/2013,24,75,,3,3>Once again, the Yelpers didn't let me down. Starbucks gets a bit tired after a while, so I was looking for a more local flavor type of place. Bjava offered great coffee. When I'm at a place like this I want to get something I can't get anywhere else, and the the honey lavender cappuccino didn't let me down.One star gets knocked off for the ugly tables in the middle of the cafe and the storage area you have to walk through to get to the bathroom. Also docked for the rude sign in the bathroom. There's a line between quirky/fun and downright rude and the sign in the bathroom was condescending. (Something about not overflowing the toilet.)Will I return to Bjava? Without a doubt. Great quick service and delicious coffee.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/24/2013,167,357,,5,6>I used to live on the canal, so it was my go-to running/walking spot.  The perfect loop for a short jog or a long walk on a nice day.  They updated the murals last year prior to Super Bowl, so there is some way cool art to look at while you're grabbing some exercise.  I've seen people host their weddings here, and it's a great spot to watch a free concert at the Indiana Historical Society on Thursday evenings in the summer.In the warm months, they have paddle boat rentals and gondola rides.  I have never felt the desire to do either, because the canal is small and people just tend to stare at you if you're on a boat.  It doesn't seem romantic to me at all.As much as I love walking on the canal, it doesn't seem to live up to its potential.  If anyone has been to the River Walk in San Antonio, you know what I mean.  Sure there are a few museums on the canal, but it's mostly apartments or other commercial buildings.  I'd love to see some bars or restaurants (much love to Creation Cafe on the north side of the canal- that place is great!), or even little shops.  It just seems like wasted potential to have apartments and condos line the canal.  I'm not sure anyone can do much about it now, but it's a thought I have every single time I'm walking.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,4/23/2013,29,64,,5,3>We're coming back just to sit on that adorable patio by the real fire - this place is tops on our list of places to bring our burger & beer loving crew next.Charming ambience of a converted house, cozy patio, two bars, clean bathrooms.  We noticed many noise-reduction devices on the ceilings, corners, and had no issue with noise despite our table being right next to another couple's. I wonder if they would agree? :)  Really nice server, quick refills.Our first fried green tomatoes ever & these were awesome!  Seriously, I hate tomatoes unless they're pureed into a sauce or covered in cheese on a pizza.  Blasphemy for a gardener, I know.  I will order these gems again.  Delicate cornmeal batter plus delicious aoli-like sauce with what we guessed were bits of okra?  Oh, so good.Fish and chips are one of the best - better than some pubs.  Crispy beer batter, perfectly flaky fish.  Black and blue burger delivered with caramelized onions and gorgonzola cheese - plus they offered a winning whole grain bun.  Onion rings are crunchy & the sweet potato waffle fries are a nice change from all the other pommes frites out there.LOTS of variety in craft beer menu, plus basics like Miller, Coors & Corona.  Serious challenger to Tomlinson Taproom here but weekend hours not designed to be a drink-til-you-drop spot.  Relaxed, great place to have casual dinner and drinks.  And we noted there's a tv in each bar for those who don't want to miss a game.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/22/2013,87,337,,4,1>I was at a business networking event the second day it was open - apparently the first such event after opening - and everything went without a hitch. The staff was professional, courteous, and, if you didn't know it, you would have no idea that the hotel had only been open for two days.The decoration, layout, and art at this boutique hotel is what makes it unique. Some of the art displays would stand out even at the IMA.The staff gave a tour of the hotel and it's fairly impressive. If you get a chance, definitely check out the Boardroom, which is on the 6th floor and has a 270 degree view of just south of downtown Indianapolis. There's also an outdoor terrace that surrounds it, which should be awesome when it's not 10F.Hotels like this will help Indianapolis improve its profile and image to travelers - business and pleasure alike. I wish it success.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,4/21/2013,121,437,3,3,2>It's a grocery store.  It's a breakfast joint.  It's a community activism locale.  It's a dog petting zoo.  What ISN'T it?  Pretentious, overpriced, or boring.  Yes, there are vegetables and fruit.  But there's also bread, pastries, hot breakfast, honey, pretzels, frozen meat, biking and healthy living booths, and dogs, dogs, dogs!  Easy to bike to, just a couple blocks from the Monon.  Lots of parking in the lot and adjoining streets.  And both vendors and most customers are nice and happy to be there.  One of my favorite places to go on a Saturday morning.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,4/20/2013,77,61,2,3,2>My friends invited me to a party at their house.  Since they live an hour away it was a given I'd be spending the night. They declared that anyone who spent the night had to go to Yats with them in the morning.  I had never been before and didn't understand what all the hype was about but that changed quickly.  After a night of drinking and waking up with a weeeee bit of a hangover, their Drunken Chicken sounded like the perfect selection. Turns out... it was!  Oh my word, it was good! There was just one problem. No one told me to ask for extra bread.  I ended up tasting what everyone else chose, and they were all delicious too. It's also important to note it's fairly inexpensive and they give you sooooo much food.  It's awesome.  I'm looking forward to my next visit.  My next visit filled with extra bread!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,4/19/2013,159,306,,9,2>It was tough finding trendy furniture in Indy that I can afford. I'm not a big fan of Kittles or other big box furniture places that looks too generic and old. This place has trendy pieces at an affordable price.If you can't afford Z Gallerie or Restoration Hardware, then come here. They have furniture from so many dealers and you can haggle prices with them specially of you're ordering a lot of pieces.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/18/2013,19,106,,3,2>My husband and I decided to check this place out last night because we had a card for $10 off a $30 purchase and we had driven by several times but never been.  We will definitely be back!We were both pretty hungry so decided to get the pulled pork nachos to start.  The portion was HUGE!  A little lacking on the flavor, however the meat was extremely tender and they bring you a bottle of sriracha so you can spice it up as you please.  We were so full from the nachos, we decided to split an entree.  Ended up deciding on the walleye.  This was not disappointing at all!  Was perfectly cooked and had a great sauce on top.  Also a very large portion, and came with choice of side (we chose garlic mashed potatoes, which were delicious and more than enough for 2).  We were so full, we did not have room for dessert :(  On top of all this, they have a great selection of beer.  Not only the usual stuff but lots of local and regional craft beers to choose from.  I wanted to try something new so the bartender just asked me what I normally drink and gave me a recommendation.  I ended up loving the beer I got.  We will definitely be back, especially looking forward to sitting out on the back patio when it warms up!  Service was great, food was great, beer was great!  Can't ask for much more!!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,4/17/2013,78,198,2,2,2>I was really happy with Adobo grill. Stopped b for Devour Downtown, and devour I did. Here it was more of a 5 course than 3, because in addition to an app, entree and dessert, you also get quac and a marg, both made table side. The guac was really good, and of course very fresh. The margarita was your standard plain margarita, so it was fine, not a big tequila fan myself. My appetizer was a ceviche, but it was made with trout and had some sort of mayo based dressing from what I could tell. This was my first go around with ceviche, so I'm not sure, but it didn't seem very traditional.For the entree I got the flank steak. It was cut in short strips and served with tortillas, so that was a fun way to eat it. It was really tender and perfectly cooked.For dessert I had the corn cake. It was tasty, king of like a sweetened corn bread.Overall I had a good night, the service was good and the decor fit nicely. Even though this is a chain it didn't seem like it too much.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,4/16/2013,29,124,2,7,2>Chicago Hot Dog Co., no doubt about it. You're the hippest, hottest hot dog joint across town! Industrial is the new trend - from the interior brick walls, Edison-style light tube, steel-like table tops, and brown paper basket liners. It's the little things and attention to detail that matter. My boy and I decided to get the Chicago Hot Dog and the Italian Combo Sausage & Beef with a side of crinkle-cut fries (+1 for originality w/ the sea salt).Chicago dog: 4.5/5+ poppy seed bun: light & airy+ All Vienna beef hot dog: lil' snap+ fixins' on top: right amount of onions, tomato slices, green relish, mustard, more pep's please!Italian Combo: 3.5/5+ bread: holds up semi-well when wet; probably better with knife & fork+ 'Da' beef: juicier and more flavorful than other joints; could use a few more slices+ Sausage: tastes like Johnsonville? better if grilled+ hot giardinera: a tad bit salty like the jarred ones; flavor wasn't quite thereWould I return when I'm suffering from Chi-town withdrawal for a good Chicago dog? In a heart beat. Worth the 25 min drive from the northside vs. 2 hrs. to the closest Portillo's in northern Indiana.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/15/2013,55,64,,3,4>Thai Taste is small, and feels a bit more like the owner's dining room than a restaurant--that's a good thing.  We've eaten here a couple of times and have had excellent food and service every time.  The green curry is outstanding.  Honestly, I would pass that other place in BRip and dive the extra couple miles to go here every time.  No waiting and the food and service are much better.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,4/14/2013,123,216,6,3,1>I'm still a fan, but damn, the bathrooms are so freakin stinky!  Why can't something be done about this?  It's disgusting.  Last night not only did I have to plug my nose when using the bathroom, but then the toilet water started randomly gurgling and splashed out of the bowl.  It was kind of like the Toilet Man from the the movie "Look Who's Talking Too."  I was terrified.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/13/2013,33,82,3,3,6>So stinking fun!I went into this event with really high hopes. I love the Children's Museum unashamedly, with my kids (nieces) and other people's kids, but I've always wanted to revert to my own childhood and run around, yell, and well, act like I normally do. When I saw this announced, I pretty much knew I was going, hell or high water. Did this live up to my expectations? Well, let's review the list of Things I Did.-Took an awesome picture with my BFF-Jumped on an awesome dessert buffet as we entered (I'm backwards, what can I say)-Saw a rockin' show at the Planetarium-Went through Dinosphere backwards and started with the first round of drinks-peeked at the Gecko exhibit-tried wines at The Power of Children-discovered the food area (so yummy, really!) and commenced with round two of drinks-tried beer in the Science Works-played with the water and the boats-jumped rope and hula hooped-went through the cave, drink in hand, and hit the slide. No party fouling here!-rode the carousel, on a jumper, which I ran for-slapped hands randomly with strangers-had another drink right before last call-drummed on a bucket in Take Me There: Egypt-wandered back down to the ground level, watched the water clock strike midnight-walked out, thinking 'please can we come again?'So yes, I had an awesome time. It was so worth my behind the scenes issues and if (when) this place again, I'll be there, indulging my inner child once again.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,4/12/2013,66,229,2,3,2>I am not a night owl so I cannot really speak to the hipness of Dorman Street during the late night/morning hours, but I can positively say that it is a fine place to grab a beer after work or chill at on a late saturday afternoon.  Good beers are available. The jukebox is decent. You can play dumb video games at the bar. Good shit.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,4/11/2013,32,66,,6,3>I'm baffled by all of the horrible reviews that the southside Scotty's has received!  Most of the southside of Indy is full of gross, generic, overpriced chain restaurants.  I was thrilled when I found out that Indy-based Scotty's was opening a new location smack in the middle of Southport - most well known for all of it's chain restaurants, like O Charley's and Bob Evans and Longhorn.  Do yourself a favor, and the next time you are considering one of those national chain restaurants, give Scotty's a try. They have a massive menu full of every type of food imaginable - burgers, wraps, tasty appetizers, hearty entrees, cold draft beers, and fresh desserts. We had great, quick service last weekend despite the huge crowd that was at Scotty's to watch either IU or ND football games.  I had the buffalo chicken mac and cheese, and it was one of the creamiest, heartiest, spiciest dishes I have ever had. My husband had the "Confused Buffalo Burger" - a bison burger covered with buffalo chicken dip, and it was one of his favorite burgers he said he had ever had.  I heard that the place was still working out its kinks when it first opened over the summer. Well, all the kinks are gone, and this is the best place for quick, tasty food and a cold beer while you watch a game on the southside. It isn't expensive, but if you get an appetizer, a sandwich, and a beer, be prepared to pay $15-20 per person.  If you go this route, you will be stuffed - portion sizes are huge, and all of the side dish options are great (especially the tater tots or mac and cheese).  If you just get a meal, you can be at $10 or under per person.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,4/10/2013,61,189,4,4,3>Madam F and I were told that while at Yelp's Totally Holiday Shopping Bazzar that we had to see the ladies over at 3 Days in Paris. In fact we bumped into a friend who said, "I have been known to drive from Noblesville to Downtown to meet my husband for lunch at 3 days!"  They went on to explain that the line was 20 min but  it was worth it. AN right she was! Well worth the 20 minute wait down at City Market the ladies kept us in stitches as they joked and yelled out orders playing as they dipped batter for the Delicious golden crepes that came from that little cylindrical steel grill of goodness! The girls that worked there cracked us up! They made the wait seem like seconds! My Wife and I enjoyed the Red Eggs and Bacon! Hot DAWG! SAVORY Meets it's match made in heaven a homemade Roasted Red Pepper Sauce that is to die for! Pretty sure I could fill a pastry bag with that and devour it like whipped cream! MMMhhhMMM! OH and the BACON! Bacon nom nom nom! LOVE IT! These are thick cut pieces of bacon that make anything you buy at a box grocery bow its head in shame! We also treated ourselves to the Classic Crepe with a Twist! ZEST it to me! There is nothing like Zest and butter and egg! Creamy Comforting Comfort Comida!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,4/9/2013,31,108,,6,3>Excellent Pho Bo. I added meatballs and without a doubt they were the best meatballs I've found in the indy area. Broth was incredibly good and unlike some restaurants that use huge quantities of rice noodles to minimize the broth, this was an excellent balance of noodle to broth ratio. The Cha Gio (fried spring rolls) were delicious as well.The lady who served me was very friendly and suggested that I learn about some yelp food club that eats there frequently. I'll look into that. She said she'd be happy to make things off menu if I let her know in advance... very accommodating.I have only one complaint that probably applies only to me: the napkins are obviously washed at home and with some sort of scented fabric softener or detergent. Smells like that drive me nuts while eating. I'm probably just weird.Now if this was only closer to my house, I'd eat here several times a week.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,4/8/2013,42,96,,8,2>This place is a hidden gem. I love it. I have been here twice, the servers have always been friendly and helped recommend awesome dishes. Eggs are fluffy, bread is spongey and fresh, and drinks are never on empty.  The specials change up daily and are always delicious. The cafe is comfy and trendy. I do recommend anything on a baguette.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,4/7/2013,29,261,,3,2>Vodka sauce - rarely does vodka sauce live up to expectations but this deserves an award. Seafood Fettucini - huge shrimp and cheeeesy, and lasagna - huge, cheesey, and presentation is beautiful. The garlic bread is the best. If you have ever had Pasquali's Pizza same oohey, gooey, buttery, garlicky goodness. Arrive hungry and preorder to go box. Even the salad is top notch. I've been eating here for at least a decade. It is usually a holiday reunion for my girlfriends to catch up and we spend a few hrs over wine and chit chat. Always, a great evening.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,4/6/2013,40,100,2,2,3>Changed from previous dentist to Martin Dentistry due to close proximity to new home. I will say that I don't like to switch dentist/doctors because I want them to 'know' who I am and know my history.Upon my first visit I would have to say that Martin Dentistry is GREAT!! Arrived a few minutes prior to appointment time and the hygienist took me back right away. Hygienist was very friendly, nice, informative and conversational but not overtly chatty. Did a great job cleaning my teeth and informing me of what she was doing each step of the way.The dentist, Matthew Martin was very upbeat, genuine, positive, smiley and friendly. I feel he did a great job checking over my oral heath and reviewing my X-rays and teeth. Seems to be very knowledgeable and informative to what he is viewing/doing. Overall, great experience.Would like if they had the newer X-ray machine that goes all around your head verses having to take about 20 slides... ended up having a couple cuts in my mouth from all of these.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,4/5/2013,15,69,,7,2>I've been here many many times, but have neglected to write a review. I've eaten in the restaurant and I've had take-out. The owner is incredibly helpful and attentive. With my most recent visit I noticed that they have hired a server. She was nice enough, but doesn't know the menu and was somewhat flaky. I will let that go though. She is new and the owner was double checking and ensuring everything was enjoyable. The Pho is phenomenal. I've had it a couple other places and by far this was the best of the bunch. I personally like the chicken pho, but have had the meatball and the beef brisket. The broth is so flavorful. If you are going for the first time, get the Pho.Their Bahn mi sandwiches are also very good. The owner recommended getting one as a appetizer to share. Yes please!As previous reviewers have stated, the spring rolls and egg appetizer are also really fresh and delicious.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,4/4/2013,31,148,,4,3>I wish the Indy YMCA had a branch closer to my house...maybe somewhere south of Broad Ripple or on Keystone...but whatever. I understand. That being said, I LOVE the Jordan YMCA. Huge, clean locker rooms and decent towels included in your monthly fee. Never a wait at a *cardio* machine (often a line at the weights though). They have this Fitlinx pro system that lets you log in to all the weight machines. Fitlinx keeps track of how much you lift/press/pump/show-off. You can log into it at the YMCA or from home to see how you are shaping up (get it? haha) as well as log your cadio activity manually. I like to look at my progress charts for motivation. The Fitlinx as well as a trainer session to show you how to personalize/set the machines is included in the monthly membership. Membership fee is very reasonable for what you get. Watch for a membership drive so you can save $$ by joining when they waive the initiation fee (which can amount to a $100+ savings).The staff in the fitness room wear bright blue shirts so you can always find them if you need help. They are so nice and always helpful. When I first moved to Indy this was the one place I felt at home for weeks. Seriously. I just feel I belong there.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,4/3/2013,35,201,,4,2>This is passable barbecue many miles beyond the traditional American barbecue cities. Real barbecue sauce served on the side just like in Memphis or Texas. The meats are excellent.What really sets this place apart is the extremely friendly staff. Most chains would be content to have an apathetic staff that pushes the buttons on the register. City Barbeque is staffed by real people that know the menu and are pleasant to be around.Service is very fast, prices are fair and the food is great. It's a big pig and you can be a big pig, too!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,4/2/2013,67,81,12,2,3>These cupcakes taste like they are made from the smiles of baby angels mixed with a bowl of glittery kitten purrs./drops mic
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/1/2013,141,70,,11,5>I have wanted to go here for nearly two years and no one would go with me. It was either, "too divey' or "too smokey".  Tonight was their 2nd year anniversary.  A friend who lived in the area was interested in going and I, being a downtown resident, happened to be in the area for a doctor's appointment.  Plus, they were tapping my favorite brewery's keg at 7pm...Flat 12.  Added bonus.  I walked in and immediately loved the place.  Very clean, very non-divey and also very hipster.  This was the kind of place I need to go to once in a while and LOVE.  I felt welcomed and I felt very much in my element (even dressed in business attire....a place is either welcoming or not, regardless of the "dress code", right?).   Their  beer selection was great.  The glasses (or even mason jars) they served the beer in were great.  Mondays are also 1/2 priced burger night.....so we got the blue cheese burger and the portabella mushroom burger.  All burgers are stuffed with the ingredients, so the blue cheese, etc was on the inside.  Super delish!!!  They claim to give your burgers 30 minute to cook, but we maybe only waited 20 minutes??  In summary, the food and beer were amazing.  To be specific....while eating our food, we consistently said, "Oh wow....oh wow....this is SO good!  We need to come back here every Monday!!"  Seriously, try the burgers if you go.  They are SO good and those star shaped tater tots are among the best tater tots you will ever have.  I promise!!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/31/2013,24,113,4,5,2>I've been putting off writing a review because I've been searching for a way for my meager prose to fully describe the soaring mouth symphony that is Recess. I'm still not quite there but I've been there three times now so I'm pretty much obligated to write a review.The thing that I love most about Recess is that there's always something new and different. That something may be familiar or it may be something that you may have turned your nose up at during any other eating occasion, but rest assured that it will be delicious.From the fresh, crisp starter salads to the entree sitting in sauce so good you want to drool all over it so that there will be more to lick off the plate to the nutella (!?!?!!!!!) sour cream frosting on your dessert, you will be entranced. Do not go here on a date, unless you want to always be aware of the fact that you can never satisfy him/her like this food can. You will know because there will be no conversation, just rapturous moans. The chairs are hard and it can get chilly, so bring some padding or a coat, but not even that can make me knock off a star. MMMMMM.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/30/2013,109,103,,4,3>I am amazed at the array of events/classes that are available at Krannert. My New Years resolution this year was to get off my duff before it gets any bigger. Not only do they have a pool and a gym, but they have a social activitys room as well. I'm attending Aqua Zumba classes currently, but I will defiantly branch out soon. Tumbling for toddlers is on my Granddaughters list. and there are many movement classes for adults as well. Arts & Crafts, Fencing, a weight lifting room ect ect ect...and did I mention the prices? The Aqua Zumba classes are only $3 a class and you pay as you go so you don't pay for any class that you miss, that's soooooooo AWESOME. It's really amazing to me how broad the spectrum of learning is in our City Parks, you just have to do a little digging to find the complete schedule. Family movie nights, Valentine dances,Photography classes, to kiddie day camps. I really have to reason to sit at home in front of the TV!Only negitive, their lack of funding shows, things are a little worn around the edges.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,3/29/2013,14,35,4,3,2>Every time I read a review of an Italian restaurant here in Naptown, somebody always has to toot their own butt about how they've eaten Italian food in at some trendy neighborhood restaurant in some other, more cosmopolitan city.  I admit, Italian in Indy is complicated for me; I find Italian restaurants that I like, and then they do something unholy like serve nacho cheese with their breadsticks.  Among my favorite offenders is Perillo's.  Housed in a tiny, presumably historic old building in North Salem, Perillo's does almost everything right.  Inside it smells like the walls were recently painted with warm butter & garlic, and you soon realize that's because they serve these Cinnabon-style garlic rolls with just about every dinner.  So yeah, that would be garlic & butter rolled up ala cinnamon rolls...Anyhow, the menu is pretty typical of what you'd expect for what's basically a red sauce joint; and while Perillo's gets no points for creativity, all of the food is familiar and well done.  I would have liked  a little more flexibility with my nine year old son; he's a big fan of Alfredo sauce and while you could place half orders of pastas for the kids, for some reason you can't get a half order of pasta with Alfredo sauce.  Weird.Perillo's gets a bit crowded so consider giving them a call before you show up.  I've attempted to stop by with the family after a basketball game at the nearby elementary school only to find the wait is a bit longer than we're willing to accept.  But I'm assuming the wait times are more reasonable in the summer because from the looks of it, Perillo's has a fairly large patio, and I can already picture splitting a pizza outside with my special lady on hot summer night in North Salem.  Just leave the stupid nacho cheese in the building; I swear to God I'll fling it across the street if you bring that abomination to my table.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,3/28/2013,115,150,4,4,3>Is this place gorgeous or what? Totally not what you expect looking from the outside. Los Chilaquiles is in my neighborhood, but we have never ventured in. Believe me, we will not be making that mistake again! I know that their speciality is chilaquiles, but I really was craving a fish dish, and filete a la plancha (tilapia) sounded so tasty (and it was!! NOM NOM NOM). Next time I will try the chilaquiles.Dillon ordered the chimichanga, and wasn't as impressed as I was. But this is my review gosh darnit...he will have to sign up and write his own review. :PSo yes, Los Chilaquiles is my new favorite neighborhood Mexican hot spot.. nom nom nom..
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/27/2013,34,87,4,5,3>Oh Iaria's you lovely devil!  How I do love your fettuccine with clams...it's just the right spicy (keep in mind it is quite a bit spicy, so steer clear if your spice intolerant).  The meaty pizza that my husband always gets in super salty and tasty.  My daughter loves the Alfredo anything.  It's a great family atmosphere, with awesome friendly service!  Only complaint is that I ordered a dirty martini last visit and it actually tasted dirty...like as in dirt...or sweaty socks...or...I can forgive one little (funky) mistake for all the wonderful friendly meals we've had here!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,3/26/2013,41,120,,3,2>Yes, it's local and yes, it is in a beautiful, if quirky part of Indianapolis.   The kind of neighborhood that, if more were like it, this would be a nearly perfect place to live.  That aside, the New Day Meadery is nearly perfect.  I'm just a guy from the suburbs, but I was made to feel at home both times I've visited.   While I have not had the whole tasting experience yet, I have tried both the Live Currant (made from currants and local honey), the semi-dry mead and now the Paulding Light, which is described as a cranberry and honey wine with lime juice added.   It came highly recommended. I say this often, but I wish I could live closer to New Day Meadery - or have it accessible on a light rail line (hint hint, Indianapolis), so that I could experience their offerings more often.   Still, this is the kind of place I would be proud to show off to friends and family as a "Gem of Indianapolis."
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,3/25/2013,19,40,11,2,2>The real Kurt Vonneguet stood at a height of 6 feet 2 inches.  The Kurt Vonnegut mural on Massachusetts Avenue stands at roughtly 6x scale being 37 feet tall.  The real Kurt Vonnegut had a penis that measured 3 inches long and 5 inches in diameter.  The Kurt Vonnegut mural has a penis that measures 1.5 feet in length and 2.5 feet in diameter (definitely a world record).  I am sure the real Kurt would have been very pleased to have his legacy secured in such a way. (reference Breakfast of Champions p.166)
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,3/24/2013,113,172,5,3,3>I have an intense relationship with bagels. I lived in NYC for 5+ years and have had the BEST Bagels on earth so many times, it wouldn't surprise me if my entire mid section was comprised of pure bagelry.I love bagels. WITH A PASSION. Sometimes, I wake up and cry a little because I know I won't be able to find a Essa Bagel or and H&H Bagel. That said, I have been on a quest to enjoy a bagel in Indy. They've ranged from OK to awful. I was shopping in the Target/WholeFoods plaza and I saw a sign that said Bagels. I promptly darted across the parking lot with my stroller. I peered in the window awkwardly to find that they in fact had homemade cream cheese... and the bagels... Looked... REAL. YAY no more making bagels at home, I thought (It's intense, I tell you). I brought my friend who was visiting from NY with me to try them, just in case I'd become deluded in my short time back in Indy. My husband went to the counter and ordered "everything bagel, toasted with veggie cream cheese" Just like we did in the good old NYC. He looked slightly disappointed but I was too excited to understand. Breathing heavily, I said... "everything bagel, toasted with veggie cream cheese". "We don't toast" said dude at counter. "WHAAAAAAT???????" I suppose we'll survive. We ate them. They were good. They were crispy/crunchy/chewy on the outside. They were just the right texture. The only thing missing is the toaster I swear and I'll be there every day. EVERY DAY!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/23/2013,33,104,,3,2>Stay for the beer and service but go elsewhere for food.     I've giving Black Acre 4 stars for the delicious beer and cool ambiance.  Lets be honest, it's mostly a brewery!   Lets start with the beer!   This was my first trip  here so I asked to sample the Late Christmas  The Late Christmas  can best be described as a gingerbread porter - seemed right up my ally but I want to make sure.   It was no problem getting a sample and once I had a taste, I quickly ordered a pint.  As for the food . . . . they pretty much only have sandwiches unless you are snicky snacking.  They weren't anything special.  I had a turkey panini and side salad.     The side salad was an up charge of 3 bucks and didn't come with the sun dried tomatoes the menu advertised.   I'm not sure why lettuce costs more the fries ($2 up charge) and I certainly would expect more than what arrived on my plate.    So a 'meh' type sandwich  and limp salad for $12?   I'll pass next time.  The interior of Black Acre is really cool!   I love the wall and ceiling with all the wood boards.    In terms of seating you have a bar top with stools, standard restaurant tables as well as too tables with comfy seating.   There is also a place where beer drinkers can chill if they don't want to sit.   Bathrooms get an A+!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,3/22/2013,111,194,,5,3>If you want Indian food that goes beyond the usual lunch buffet spread, then Spice Nation is your place.A totally vegetarian restaurant, Spice Nation's varied menu includes specialty items like dosas (Indian crepes) and chaat (Indian snack food).  It's one of the only places where you can get South Indian food in Indianapolis.The service is warm and the food is great, if a bit oily at times (bad for the heart, good for the soul).
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,3/21/2013,34,401,2,3,3>Overall good selection of liquor including makers, Johnnie Walker Blue, Black and others.. The food was good, but limited as we had a select menu in our room for the event.   The ceasar salad was good with just the right amount of dressing.  I had a chicken something or another for my main meal and they brought out some sides to share.  The mashed potatoes were very good and had good flavor.  The green beans were fresh and cooked well.  Service was good.. they kept our drinks filled and took good care of us overall.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,3/20/2013,164,127,4,6,5>I am a fan! Living around the country in cities with a high Korean population, I wasn't expecting much when I walked into this joint, and I'm glad to say I'm blown away.1) It's clearly a mom-and-pop joint, and I have an inkling to help local business succeed in my community.2) It's in a strip mall, but it's definitely not a hole-in-the-wall. It's minimalist- inspired/designed. 3) The service is slow, so only come here when you have a leisure afternoon.4) The food/flavours are great! My sister and I had the different versions of Bibimbap which is a signature Korean dish which translates to "mix rice" or rice with vegetables. My sister also commented that this is probably a great way for kids to eat veggies, as everything is incorp. and not an afterthought of veggies on the side. In all, I highly recommend here, if you're in the Indy area!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/19/2013,31,87,1,4,4>A Sufjan Stevens album reinvented as a coffeehouse.Yes, you'll see plenty of skinny jeans and facial hair (not exclusively worn by the occasional live musicians).  But the business acumen of the owners clearly attracts more than just hipsters.  Calvin Fletcher's nonprofit status lets it target charities for the social justice minded (the charities change from month to month).  The interior is elegant and almost pristine.  The coffee selection is recherche but never elitist.  And, like Mr. Stevens, the Christian aspect of the artistry is smartly downplayed to avoid alienating anyone.  (But then, don't most liberal Christians downplay their expression of faith?)  Plenty of plugs, solid wireless, and several loungey nooks add up to what is probably the best coffeehouse experience in the city limits.  I wish it were open late at night more often, but that just motivates me to get off my duff earlier in the morning so I can spend more time here!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,3/18/2013,61,83,,6,3>I absolutely love hot dogs, which puts King David's in a special place in my heart.The hot dogs are incredible! They have that thick snap to them and just enough char from the flat top. I get mine with baked beans, mustard, chopped onion, and shredded cheese on top, but the toppings list seems endless. You definitely can't go wrong with a place that serves tots as a side! (and fries too for you traditionalists)My only complaint would be their hours. I'm sure as a small business that caters to downtown lunch rushes, being open on the weekends doesn't seem too enticing. But maybe just for Sunday Colts games? Think it over King D.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/17/2013,93,73,,4,3>I have visited this place back when it was the Kabob Korner, when the food was more Afghani focused, and have returned since it became the Himalaya Kabob Korner.  This place is special and dear to my heart because it is the only place I know of in Indianapolis, at least so far, that I can get "manty," a Central Asian steamed dumpling.    I lived for two years in Central Asia, specifically in Turkmenistan, and manty was my favorite dish while I was there.  I found out from speaking to the staff at Kabob Korner that manty (listed on the menu as "manto") is actually called "momo" in Nepal, which was fun to learn during my last trip to the restaurant.  The manto here is substantially better than the manty I had in Turkmenistan as Turkmenistan rarely uses any spices in their cooking.  The manto at Kabob Korner is delicately spice, tender, and has a perfect amount of tomato sauce and yogurt sauce spooned on top.  It's a hand-made dish that you can get at a very affordable price: right now, 6 pieces of manto are only $3.95 and 12 pieces are only $6.95.  Since I have only just recently realized manto could be simply added as a side dish for so cheap, I will finally begin testing out more of the other dishes on the menu and just add a side of manto to everything I get.I have to admit that, despite this being the "Kabob" Korner, I still have not tried the kabobs.  (Shashlyk in Turkmen.  Sekuwa in Nepalese.  Yes, I asked while I was there.)  I'm not sure how anyone could possibly go wrong while cooking kabobs, and so I have put off this possible pleasure for testing out some of the other options.  My most recent new foray here was to try out their soup: I had seen it on the menu before and the description reminded me of soup that I had in Kyrgyzstan, I think called laghman soup in Kyrgyzstan, which is a delicious noodle soup with meat and whatever vegetables that were available (usually eggplant, green peppers and onions during my visit).  I don't remember the name that this soup was given on Kabob Korner's menu.  To be honest, I thought the soup could be approved upon at Kabob Korner as their soup was a little too salty (at least on that day) and seemed to use a mix of frozen mix of broccoli, cauliflower and carrots.  I would have preferred vegetables that are a bit more appropriate to the region that the soup comes from since broccoli and cauliflower aren't readily available in those regions of the world and so their dish wasn't very authentic.  However, I would still likely order the soup again, despite knowing this issue in advance, as it was flavorful, with just a little bit of spicy kick, with veggies, beans, and noodles.  I do like have a healthy option to the side of manto I will be ordering.  :-)  I haven't had the baklava since the ownership has changed, but when I did have it prior, it was the best baklava I had ever had.  [I, admittedly, have never been to Greece.]  In the future, I look forward to testing out the Quabili Pallow as Pallow/Palov/Plov is the national dish of many Central Asian countries.  There are also some vegetarian options, uch as the Veggie Momo and Sambosa Veggie that I am curious about.  Some day I will test out the kabobs, as well, since it is the namesake of the restaurant, but considering all of the other amazing sounding options, it will likely be quite some time before the kabobs make it to the top of my list.I plan to arrange a group event here soon.  The staff promised that they would be able to work any such events out easily with advance warning.  I can't wait!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,3/16/2013,106,123,,4,3>Although I work in the same block, I just now made it to the Libertine for a libation to celebrate my birthday. It's a narrow storefront, so I was a little nervous that a table of 6 would be a problem, but they somehow managed to arrange things so we were neither in the way nor stuck in a back corner. The waitress blew me away with her knowledge of spirits. I'll admit, I ordered my drink because I liked the name of the cocktail. It was 'strong and boozy' as promised. I felt completely comfortable telling her what I liked and didn't and trusting the bartender to surprise me on the next round. Oh, and the bacon flight. It's a must-get. I tried the sauces because they seemed so lovingly prepared - and they were good - but the bacon stood alone. I'll definitely be back to try more cocktails and go further into the food menu.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,3/15/2013,75,276,3,5,6>Hey, Indy...Stop eating at crappy chain restaurants and start supporting your local eateries that have superior food and service. This is one of them.We went with a party of four and had the grand sampler platter (at least, that's what I'm calling it). The veggie dishes pleased everyone and the meat dishes pleased everyone but the vegetarian. The beef was a bit too spicy, but everything else was great.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/14/2013,72,60,4,8,6>This place is what a micro brewery should be. As we approached the front I could see the fire under the brew kettle burning. As an avid home brewer I gotta admit this gave me a warm feeling inside. They have the brewery right up front and visible. I have seen this at a couple of other places but rarely do you see the brewers working their art. So cool. You can also see into the fermentation room as you enter. The place for people is in back and I cannot wait for spring when they can roll up the walls to the outside. A great bar, high tops and some lower tables. All the seats were full when I visited with a lot of people that seemed really happy to be there.The beer I had was Heartbreaker. This Imperial American Amber is awesome. Rumor has it that it is so named because "your heart will break when the keg kicks". These guys know what they are doing and conditioning the beer in casks which enhances the beer to a high degree. The flavor and freshness of the beer is unsurpassed. Truly as good as it gets.No food server here but there was a food truck. Another great thing about craft brewerys around Indy.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,3/13/2013,17,67,,2,3>Awesome brewery!  I love how open it is, plus there are all kinds of different seating options (at the bar, in bar stools around high tables, lower seating at a table, and a several lower couches with a coffee table type feel).  They offer quite a variety of beers made on site - all are between $4.50 and $5.50 per pint (very reasonable).  I love all of their bright colored artwork showcasing their different beers.  The owners are very nice and personable, and they even reserved a section of the brewery for us on a Friday night to accommodate my birthday party.  Since they do not offer food on site, they allowed us to bring in catered food.  You must try this place if you are riding the microbrew bandwagon!Thank you, Teresa and Bill!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,3/12/2013,265,331,,4,3>Standing Room Only, but that's ok, because this sh*z is so good, a table would be a waste of time, so quickly will you ingest these fine tacos. I still dream about the Japanese eggplant with the spicy ginger carrot salsa. My mouth is watering just thinking about it, in fact. I do wish they were stuffed a little fuller, but hey, maybe that's just the American in me--ever desirous of bigger/ more/ all I can shove in my face? The shrimp tacos were also tasty, but again with wanting a few more shrimp. I love the heated corn tortilla route for tacos and they do 'em right here. Cheap and cheerful- I think $3/ taco? It works. And if I were a late night BR partier, this would be my go to--they do late night specials for multiple tacos in the wee hours of the confetti and cocktail laden nights...
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/11/2013,52,230,2,3,5>My hubby is a carnivore through and through, and on top of that refuses to eat vegetables (seriously won't even eat green things). Therefore, going to restaurants that are higher end tend to be a no-go since he won't eat most "fancy" food unless it once had hooves or is a potato.I on the other hand love sides, salads, and carbs. Fogo de Chao is the PERFECT place for us! My husband never turned his chip to the red side once all evening. The meat just kept coming. I've never seen a man more content (it may be better than sex boys).  For me, that salad bar is FINE! Cheeses, awesome salads, and then the dinner rolls are a carb lovers dream. The meal was fun, excellent, and although expensive, you eat every penny's worth!Also, we had gotten there a bit early for our reservation and sat at the bar. Although pricey, those mixed drinks are mind-blowing. I got the one with hand crushed strawberries and about three fingers of vodka -- yummmmy!It is expensive, but at least go once in your life because it is a meat paradise!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,3/10/2013,85,50,,5,2>I visited this salon during the last week of October and I was VERY pleased!I'm pretty picky about where I choose to get my hair cut and I had never heard anything about this place and the only reason I knew it existed was because I saw the sign on my way to work. I dug around for the website (which is great, btw) and decided to give them a call. They even had a fall special for first time clients, they were already getting higher on my awesome list after I saw that. My appointment was with Alyssa and she really was great! I had decided on a pretty drastic cut and I brought a photo - she nailed it! She was professional, talked me through everything, and told me how to recreate it myself at home. Give this place a look. Definitely.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,3/9/2013,16,149,,3,2>Red curry and pad thai are about the only 2 thai dishes I particularly eat. First time I ate here for lunch, I ordered the pad thai. I've been getting the same over and over. Their pad thai is just eally  good. The flavor was so balanced, not too sour nor too sweet nor too spicy,  overall it just taste great. Portion is pretty big as well and if you had to take home some, warming it up with a quick pan fry still makes it an awesome meal. I didnt care much for their curry though, exotic thai in terrehaute serves much  better red curry dish. But hands down I give this place kudos for their pad thai.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,3/8/2013,20,66,3,5,3>Bluebeard has only been open about six weeks, yet it's already the talk of the town. I had to know what all the buzz was about, so I made my way there tonight for dinner and cocktails.Atmosphere? Casual. This is where you bring your intellectual foodie friends to discuss your dissertations, order pretentious-sounding small plates, and sip libations off the gin menu. If you're anything like me, that all sounds awesome. The decor is charming, with old books, typewriters, and other antiques filling the cubbies on the walls. Beer selections are written out on chalkboards behind the bar, and some of the table tops are made of giant tree slabs. The bar stools are mismatched, and the whole place has a quaint and cozy feel. The tables are super close together, which didn't bother us, as we chatted and even shared food with our neighbors.Food? Most dishes we tried were delicious. The oysters with watermelon mignonette, mussels with chorizo, cheese plates, all great. The bread, which is made in house, was fabulous. My one complaint about the food was that the grilled pizza was *too* grilled. Burnt, actually. Hopefully that was a fluke. They have an impressive cocktail menu, several wines available by the glass, and a beer list that sounds fancy (I'm not a beer drinker, but it seemed sufficient).Price-wise, it's a little higher than I'd like for pretty small servings -- and I'm definitely not one who wants Cheesecake Factory portions. The menu is divided by small, medium, and large plates, and even the small plates are $15 each. My party of three had a nearly $200 tab, once tip was added, for dinner and a few cocktails.In the end, I quite enjoyed my night out at Bluebeard, and I can see now why everyone's going crazy about it. It really is high quality food and drinks in a nice atmosphere. This is somewhere you want to stay awhile and chat. You can get by a lot cheaper than we did, but you'd be hungry (or sober).My recommendation? Try this place ASAP and support a great new local business!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,3/7/2013,54,212,2,3,2>I took a client to lunch here today as it is in his neighborhood and I've never been. I ordered the Dad's crunchy chicken with sides of steamed sugar snap peas and the mac and cheese. I thought the chicken and peas were awesome.. the peas were covered in butter so heads up if you think steamed means, it's gonna be healthy. They were of course wonderful. I thought the mac and cheese was just ok. My client ordered the Italian sausage sandwich(on special) and he had the pepper jack mac and cheese. He thought it was all great. We ordered ice cream since he said it was really good. He got Graham Central and I got Pumpkin. I tasted his and I'm pretty sure if you mix the two together, fireworks would go off. Nothing like fantastic ice cream in the middle of a Tuesday afternoon.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2013,3/6/2013,122,723,2,3,3>This is a nice, fairly clean, newer theater, with comfy seats, but it's been bought by Carmike and they no longer accept the Rave coupons. BOOOOO! The staff seems to be very young and they can be less than helpful because of this. One night the lighted boards which listed movie titles and times were not working. So, we asked the girl selling tickets to see a schedule. She thought we were being sarcastic and just giggled. I looked at my boyfriend and then said to her, "No, really...we need to decide what movie we're seeing." She giggled until I said "Do we need to go to a different window?" Then finally found the ONLY print off of the schedule and held it up to the glass so we could see. Doesn't it seem that they should've printed off several copies and had them displayed at each station? I like the electric fireworks at Metropolis, they always put me in a good mood.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,3/5/2013,158,135,2,10,4>I must start out this review by correcting the previous (and only other reviewer named Kristen)  in that they were probably reviewing the restaurant in the hotel, and NOT The Severin Bar, which was newly opened and remodeled and features all things vintage, Hoosier and fabulous.  It has an entrance through the hotel, obviously, but, also an entrance right on Jackson St. That being said, If you have not been here yet, you need to go.  Pre prohibition era cocktails and beers on draft from Sun King, Flat 12, Triton Upland and more!! Cheese plate from Indiana farms, as well as a Smoking Goose Meatery plate that is out of this world!! The Cheese plate has a jam made with Sun Kings'WEE Mac Beer! It is unbelievably good and I think I want to take a bath in it. "The vibe" is sports bar but very classy, with a unique twist of vintage and modern. A lot of places like this scoff at even having TVs on , much less sports, but they have figured out a way to have both and make it work in an interesting and new way. There are some other great sandwiches and snacks on the menu that are also locally sourced, and some great specials including a Hoosier Mama Bloody Mary Bar for $5 on Sundays.  Get thee to this bar to experience all greatness that is Indiana in one stop!! Another place that makes me feel proud (and lucky) to be a resident of downtown Indy!!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,3/4/2013,120,222,3,3,3>The wait is now OVER!  I have been patiently biding my time until this historic Meridian-Kessler neighborhood pub reopened and now it has....and it is good.  No, GREAT.First off, this place has one of the best beer selections in Indy.  So many beers on tap it will make your head spin...err, or at least leave you arguing with yourself on what to order first.  Most local breweries are accounted for, along with some of the better breweries in the Midwest; I do enjoy the selection of Bell's Beer (Michigan).The menu is pretty fantastic; with an array of choices from hearty, healthy, vegetarian and classic pub favorites - you really can't go wrong.  Their signature pork tenderloin puts the Indiana State Fair to shame, no doubt about it.  Their desserts are also outta sight: the flour-less Bête Noire cake and a pint of stout- it's lights-out in heaven baby!The staff is top notch.  Every time I come here the service is always as it should be.  Very friendly staff, always looking to please, I really feel compelled to tip well here.  Keep up the great work!I am also really impressed with the interior design; this place makes you feel at ease, cozy and inviting - the bar room is especially unique.  As a fan of English Pubs in general, I really get a kick out of all the decor hanging up, I could just sit and literally stare at the walls all night...(and look like a weirdo).I am so glad the Aristocrat is back in business - good food, great drinks, pro service, and the prices are right.  When headed through Merdian-Kessler and looking for a pub to stop in: this is as good as it gets!  Cheers.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,3/3/2013,29,36,,4,3>My first time here was to meet a few girl friends for brunch on a cold, Sunday afternoon. I loved the quaintness and the coziness of this place. I felt right at home.I got the vegan biscuits and gravy and was thoroughly impressed. It was a little sweet for my taste, but a little salt helped a lot with that problem. I also think the gravy would be amazing with seitan or some other protein alongside the mushrooms.The server(s) were attentive and very friendly. My friends tried the orange avocado vegan cake and they all fell in love.I'll be back soon for lunch or dinner, so I can try some more of their vegan options!Oh, and don't pass up on the chai tea! It's to die for.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,3/2/2013,47,296,2,3,2>iSushi so you sushi too! This restaurant is fantastic. Coworkers and I went here for lunch because it's extremely close to our building and it's fantastically convenient and super delicious. It's pretty and the atmosphere is very laidback and the servers are all very nice. It's about average price for a sushi restaurant, and the quality is great alongside the price for rolls and other foodstuffs. You can sit in, get carry out, and even order online.I had miso soup, edamame, a Medlen roll, and a Tampa roll. I was beyond pleased with my choices. The rolls tend to be between $4 and $6 with higher quality rolls around $10 from the special menu. They have combos available for around $13, which includes sushi rolls (number depending on your choice of combo), miso soup, and salad. This is a great deal if you want more than two rolls. The miso soup is great. If you've ever had miso soup, you know what to expect. It's consistent and tastes good. Eating here was the first time I've had edamame, and for all of you don't know what edamame is, it's salted soybeans still inside the pod. You pop the beans outside the pod and chomp them up and it's surprisingly delicious and only $3.50. My Melden roll consisted of yellowtail with cilantro and jalapeno and was around $6 and the Tampa roll included red snapper tempura with chives and spicy mayo on top for $5--both of these rolls were great. I was very happy with my choices. I'd very much like to go back and try more off their expansive menu. There's a lot to pick from, but I'm sure anything that is chosen will be great. Come hungry! And someone! Please try the Winnie the Pooh roll for me and let me know if it tastes like your childhood.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2012,3/1/2013,146,298,,4,1>Very neat atmosphere and decent microbrews and brick oven pizza.  I tried the beer sampler that lets you sample all 5 of their beers on a neat little wood road sign.  My favorite was the Dog Days Brown Ale and the Road Rage.  The food is ok.  We had an order of breadsticks with the white cheese that was pretty solid, however the pizza dough is a little eh.... Maybe they need to add a swipe of garlic butter on the crust to add a little extra something to it. The toppings were fresh and plentiful, though.  Definitely a place to try out.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,2/28/2013,89,180,3,5,2>Midland is my go-to antique store (shhhh. i'm sure lots of guys have a go-to antique store)It's 2 floors of antiques. two giant floors. This place is packed too. not very much wasted space. If you can't find what you're looking for here, there's a decent chance it's not in Indy.On the outside, it looks almost like an abandoned factory. it is not. ample parking, east access, and loads of antiques. There's always something new (new to you) here as well so if you don't find what you're looking for the first time, wait a little bit and head back.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,2/27/2013,26,37,1,5,4>I don't know if someone was listening earlier to my complaint about not having sausage, but they've added Smoking Goose Sausage to the menu! I'm highly impressed. Thanks so much, Cafe Patachou for listening and for supporting other local businesses. You're #1 in my book.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,2/26/2013,93,169,2,5,1>Little Super: Quality Second-hand clothing, shoes, and housewares. I went just popped into this store to look around because it is right next to the Aristocrat and I just finished lunch there. I love thrift/consignment shops (even though this is a "second-hand" store.) This shop has a lot of nice and unique things. Even better, it's two blocks from where I live!! whoop. I found a nice overcoat for my boyfriend for $25. It seems that they also have free wi-fi and coffee. Possibly a hang-out spot!This is a fairly new business; I encourage you to check it out. Located next door to the Aristocrat.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/25/2013,129,314,,2,2>Great place for a bite and a beer. Sundays is wing night. We love the apple curry wings and a tall draft beer. Fish & Chips is one of my favorite dishes, their fish is great, their chips are not quite there. Service is alright. The place does get packed!Food: 4/5Location: 5/5 (So weird seeing the coffeeshop of my childhood be a restaurant now)Service: 3/5
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,2/24/2013,52,67,2,5,3>I was first introduced to Yoga Monkey & Fitness when I won a gift certificate at a local wellness event. I'll be very upfront about the fact that I love fitness, but I'm a little gun-shy when it comes to group-fitness classes.  Visiting the Yoga Monkey website help qualm some of my fears about trying a new venue or new classes.  The descriptions of the instructors and classes are phenomenally detailed and gave me an excellent idea of what I was in for! Don't believe me? Check it out! I became a "fan" of Yoga Monkey on Facebook and saw a blurb about their free yoga classes on Sunday mornings. I dragged my husband along a few weeks ago and we loved it! Here's why:-The studio: Clean and minimalist decor. Adequate parking in front and on the side of the building. The yoga room is perfectly lit and super inviting. Feels very modern and fresh!-The staff: We've only taken classes with Charlie (who, I assume is a newbie since he's not listed on the website) and he is so down-to-earth and does a great job creating a class for community folks of all levels.  He's friendly and charming and does a phenomenal job communicating some of the basic principles of yoga through his choice of words as he leads the class.  -The studio's communication and connection to the community: I follow Yoga Monkey as an email subscriber and on Facebook and Twitter and I love checking out their daily newsletter! I mean, what studio has time to put together a daily newsletter?!  There are some great posts about local events and wellness tips. And, they actually use and update their Facebook and Twitter, which I appreciate!-The goodies: There are some great products for sale in the studio including mats, towels, and other fun fitness accessories. Towel and mat rental are also available for a nominal fee ($1-2).
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,2/23/2013,29,45,5,4,6>I started this review a few days ago, but I wasn't entirely certain it was ethically sound to post a five star review for a place based on one sandwich.  Of course, this was an excellent excuse to visit Goose The Market again, so I'm not complaining.I've been here twice now.  I had the Batali sandwich the first time.  I had the Batali again the second time, just to make sure I wasn't tricked by some foul magic the first time around.  Yes, the Batali is really that good.  You might say that it's the best thing you could possibly eat placed between two pieces of bread.Seriously, I'm gonna keep talking about the Batali.  At first glance, it seems a little small (maybe by Indiana portion standards), but that's honestly not a huge issue.  The bread is nice and crunchy, and the texture is perfectly complemented by the spice of the ingredients.  It's kind of a messy experience, but who cares?  You really have to sit and contemplate the sandwich as you eat it.  I mean, devote your full attention to it.  This is basically the high water mark of the Italian sandwich, as far as I'm concerned.  Everything else is but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more: it is a sandwich made by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,2/22/2013,179,172,3,4,2>Does this monolith of doughnut perfection really need a review? No. Does it deserve another simply to honor the art of their baked perfection? Yes. Caramel nut fried. Chocolate on chocolate. I can't keep writing. My hands are shaking from the blueberry cake doughnuts floating around in the recesses of my mind. They are taking control.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,2/21/2013,14,26,,6,2>St. Elmo's Steak House is Indianapolis. If you ask any out of town visitors or business travelers what they think of when the topic turns to Indy dining options there is always one restaurant that sets on top of the list, and this is it. I work for a trade show that takes place here in Indy during December and this steak house is the first to book up and the hardest to get into during our 4 day show that brings 25,000 people from all over the country into this city. The question this brings is "Is St. Elmo's Steak House worth the hype or is it overrated?"I am here to tell you that after dining at best of the best in Indy and eating at many fine dining establishments across the country and abroad I can feel justified in saying that St. Elmo's Steak House is the very definition of a five star restaurant and one that Indy can be proud to call its culinary flag ship.The St. Elmo's experience begins when you open the doors into a crowded vintage bar area straight out of the turn of early 1900's. The host, waiters, and bar tenders are all dressed professionally and provide service with classic elegance. After you make your way through the crowded bar to your table in one of the dining rooms ( The Hulman Room being the most famous ) you can make your drink selection and receive you variety bread basket. All styles are very tasty and sure to please any palate.TIP: If you ask and the night is right, there might be a staff member on duty that can do the table cloth pull. There are curtain members of the St. Elmo's staff that are trained to pull a table cloth from under a fully set table and leave the plating and table décor standing in place.Next comes the biggest moment of any trip to St. Elmo's Steak House. The Famous Shrimp Cocktail is absolutely my favorite part of the meal and is hands down one of my favorite offerings of all time. It's the dish that made St. Elmo's world famous and it is sure to please. It comes with large flavorful shrimp and the greatest cocktail sauce you will ever put in your mouth, but watch out because this sauce bites back! The sauce ups the horseradish bite and spicy flavor to a degree that will make you tear up after the first bite. I always end up using the extra crackers they bring to scoop up a big bite of the sauce independent of the refreshing shrimp so that I'm sure to get the full effect. They have other appetizers options also and they are good but nothing can compare to this monster of a dish.The next decision you will make is the bean soup or tomato soup option. They are both wonderful and I especially like the bean soup while my wife prefers the tomato. I also found out from a waiter that putting a spoon full of cocktail sauce in the bean soup can be a fun and flavorful pairing.The name sake of the establishment is of course the steaks. They are all fork tender and cooked to whatever levels you prefer. They always sure to please and can go toe to toe with any meat selection in the city. I have always been a Filet guy and this rings true here also. The Filets are heavenly and require no sauce or extra flavoring, it's all in the beef and that's all you need.The sides usually consist of baked potatoes and such but recently they added crab macaroni to the menu and it is a little piece of heaven. On the right night you could make a meal of this dish by itself. It is thick and cheese and the flavors burst in your mouth like you've never experienced with macaroni.The meal comes to a close after amazing flavors and impeccable service with the knowledge you've experienced the true taste of Indy and it's a taste worth savoring and revisiting again and again.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,2/20/2013,86,77,3,2,3>Oh-em-gee! How have I not been here before this summer!?!  I really, really enjoy Tastings.I'm a big fan of the vino, but not a big fan of paying out the wazoo for a bottle (or glass for that matter).  Enter, Tastings: the place to go to drink wine by the bottle on the cheap.So here's the thing.  They sell the bottles at 'retail' prices, which means that you can buy a decent bottle for around $20.  This is definitely the way to go unless you're really set on sampling and trying a whole bunch of things.  To do that, you buy a swipe card and walk around to get your own samples and pay by the 2 oz pour.  Again, I recommend the bottles as the server types come to you (less worky, more drinky). :)Bonus: their food is good, too! We had a cheese plate (4 kinds of cheese) and the Mediterranean sampler (think hummus, bruschetta).  The only bummer was that I asked for more little toasts for the cheese and we were upcharged $1.50.  Really, a buck fifty for some crackers?  My advice, just eat the cheese by itself.The service can run a bit slow, too.  It took a bit for our gal to bring us the check and then come back for the cards, but I assume it all depends on how busy they are.  My wine-induced joy was willing to overlook the slowness.Cheers!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,2/19/2013,140,444,3,8,3>I am sad (for the record) that the 1st person to review this said five words about an experience that really needs to be explained for fellow Yelpers to ensure it's worth a trip to the busiest area of town to try something new.  That being said, I didn't even know Drake's opened until I got a coupon in the mail (which I used without issue and without an eye roll - score!).In my opinion, Drake's is doing something right. I want to put out there that Matt the Miller's in Carmel has a similar "vibe" and isn't doing it well and the reviews stand out due to the inconsistency. The owner of Matt the Miller's is clearly not sure what's going on in his own establishment b/c he doesn't understand the negative reviews, but he's NOT THERE.  He doesn't live here and he isn't ON THE FLOOR at this NEW place and wonders why he is getting inconsistent poor notes from consumers.  Note 1:   Drake's had TWO managers (or who appeared to be managers) stop by our table during lunch - in addition to the endless staff that was always nearby, filling drinks, taking plates, making recommendations AND handing out FREE sushi samples!  That has never happened to me in any restaurant and it was an amazing treat!Sooooo let's just start with the atmosphere.  It's very upscale trendy bar feel.  The immediate entry is garage doors so I assume in the summer when it's not 19 below we will be able to sit indoors and outdoors at the same time (assuming these doors raise and are not just decor).  Hopefully I am right b/c that would be cool.  This FIRST bar area is very spacious with several football shaped wooden tables which seat 6 people.  Very nice!The bar itself is long and probably had about 30 stools and is surrounded in several HD flatscreens in layering effect that was very nice so that you can watch multiple sporting events at the same time.  They also have speakers at the tables in the main area should you choose not to sit in direct line of a TV (or in the event it's very busy which seems it might be).  The main dining area goes on forever and the main bar in the center is huge with tons of seating.  I can imagine hanging out there all night on a weekend night, getting very intoxicated and having an awesome time. The design - they way you can move through this space - is wonderful for partying and socializing.  They have entertainment on the weekends and in true bar fashion are open until 3 AM every single night!  I imagine there will be lots of cool events going on to keep the people coming back for more this spring and summer.  At least a girl can dream!Drake's claims to be a bar that loves food and a restaurant that loves beer.  And it is clear they have a wide selection of beers (though I did notice nothing INDIANA local).   The menu is a bit overwhelming b/c they have a FULL sushi (separate menu) and an insane amount of sandwiches, appetizers, tacos, and more!  I think that may play against them but if it's working in KY, what do I know?  Anyway....we didn't order sushi though that is what we wanted...and I'm kind of sad NOW that I didn't.  Here's why - a wonderful waitress stopped by sampling their crab rangoon sushi roll and holy wonderfulness.  It has a bit of a thai kick with the sauce and the crab was soft and tasty with a bang of explosive taste!  Had I tried it BEFORE I ordered, I would have gotten the roll for sure!  It was soooo sooooo good. I want to go back and get one tomorrow.  I might. Just sayin'.OK, so my lunch was OK.  It wasn't the best salad I've ever had.  I got the salmon spinach salad and it was decent.  There was some spice missing from it that I thought the salmon should have.  It was grilled and cooked perfectly but the taste was a bit bland.  The spinach and tomatoes were very fresh. I didn't enjoy the boiled egg on it and the provolone was sliced instead shredded so it didn't work for me.My friend got the chicken tacos and she LOVED them - devoured and they came out to build, which is nice b/c then you have full control over how many THINGS you want in your taco. I love that feature, as did she.  We also got the three dip and chip appetizer which was great!  The bean/cheese dip was addictive, the guac was fresh and the salsa had a little kick but wasn't TOO HOT.  Let's just say although my salad wasn't out of this world, the overall feel was.  I loved our server, who was attentive, easy going and not too in my face.  Not to mention the others who were just always around cleaning and tidying along with the managers who stopped by for a quick chat and check in. I miss that touch at many other restaurants.This place is a new and is worth a shot!  I hope it can make it.  This area of Indy, while busy, does seem to run restaurants out of there very quickly. I do hope to see this place bloom b/c it is a place where you can be a "regular" or a "tourist" and enjoy the vibe and feel.  As long as the service and quality holds, it could be a lasting fixture in this area of town.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,2/17/2013,57,115,5,8,4>I needed to update my review to say that Abyssinia now has a lunch buffet. Vegans, this is significant for several reasons:1) they are debuting off-menu items such as an eggplant dish and beet dish I got to nibble on today, which is great news if you've already nommed-to-death the vegan options they have. Not that I will ever get sick of them, but you might.2) $9.99 is as cheap a meal as you will find at any garbage chain restaurant that you would typically hit on your lunch break, but let's face it, those chains make you sad. Abyssinia makes you happy. An abyssinia day is a special day.That stated, the buffet is hiding in the side room and nobody gives you the sales pitch when you come in there at lunch time, so you have to tell them you want it.Oh my god. You will thank me.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,2/16/2013,185,178,2,4,4>I don't want fried food. Or ethnic food. Or pizza. I'm not in the mood for a loud, obnoxious, busy atmosphere. Even though it's lunch hour I'd like an adult beverage because it's my day off. Where do I go? Yeah, Pure Eatery. I really enjoy dining (and drinking) here. A great selection of paninis, wraps, sandwiches, soups and salads. They also offer some late night fare in case you don't want to end up at Peppy Grill and regretting it the next morning. Everything I've ordered has been terrific. And, for some reason, I always feel like I'm eating "healthy". I think it's just the freshness of ingredients and the eye-pleasing presentation of menu items. I'm really impressed with the small selection of good, local draft beer, cans & bottle beer, wine by the glass & bottle, wine ON TAP, and a few classic cocktails that are served in the quaint bar area of the restaurant. And, the service has always been perfect. Great people, great place. Oh, they have some breakfast tacos on the menu that I MUST TRY soon!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,2/15/2013,32,55,2,6,3>I had heard great things about Which Wich from friends who previously lived in Colorado.  They spoke of good corporate culture, good food, and friendly staff.  I can't quite speak to their corporate culture after only one visit, but I can say they had very good food and their staff was equally friendly.  It was a bit confusing on first visit that there were multiple categories of sandwiches which each had a different brown paper bag on which to fill out the details of your order.  If it wouldn't have been a busy lunch time, it probably would have been intuitive, but sorting through the cloud of people and trying to sort out a new ordering system had me confused for the first moment.  Thankfully, not only is the staff helpful, but the crowd this place attracts was also helpful.  I was sorted out straight away, and was well on my way to having a fantastic sandwich.  One small complaint, they were out of chicken bags and no one refliled them while I was in line, but thankfully I wasn't interested in that family of sandwiches. Also of note, the shakes are also VERY good.  One other negative about this location, which has nothing to do with Which Wich but is important for customers to know is that there is only 45 minutes of parking for free, which after that costs 2 dollars.  Bummer, but that is what you get in a college area I suppose.All that being said, this was a fantastic place to eat and one of the best sandwiches in the city.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2012,2/14/2013,4,79,,4,3>I want to like this place (since I live so close), but they are making it hard. I asked for the feta cheese on the side with the bruschetta appetizer since I am vegan. The server said she would "do her best." Alas, her best wasn't good enough and the cheese was all over it. Our dinners were brought out 2 minutes after the appetizer, which is annoying but forgiveable. I ordered the veggie black bean burger. It tasted good, but was a mushy mess that fell apart all over my plate. The chips were delicious though. My wife ordered the fish and chips. The fish was good but the fries were cold. They do have a good selection of craft beer, and that is the only thing keeping this review from being 2 stars.If we go back, hopefully its a better experience next time.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,2/13/2013,83,198,5,5,3>For God so loved the world that he gave them Bier.As a homebrewer and overall beer enthusiast, Bier has become my place of worship.   I moved to Indy a few months ago and visited a few of the local establishment around town looking for a good "fit" - SunKing was cheap and plentiful, Fountain Square Brewing was progressive and unique, 3WiseMen was commercial and accessible, but Bier made me a believer.  A few sips of the DFG, India Brown Ale, and Chinookalicious was all it took.  The taste, the freshness and the intoxicating aroma of hops were overwhelming.  Their brews are inspiring and experimental, but they never sway from their core values; small batches and quality ingredients.  I left my first visit to Bier with five growlers.  Now that I'm part of the Bier doctrine, I regularly visit on the weekends to make my offerings ($10-$16 per growler) and listen to their employees preach the word of good brew.  If you have fallen unto troubled times and are looking for guidance, Bier will show you the way.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,2/12/2013,5,42,,8,1>Found this place from Yelp and it is closer than India Palace which is my "go-to" Indian/Pakistani restaurant.I went for the lunch buffet for the first go-round so as to get a wider sampling and assess quality and variety.  The verdict:Everything I ate as far as entrees go was quite good, they even had goat curry, which I enjoyed (although the meat was a little chewy).  The sauces were different from each other.  I enjoyed especially the Mushroom Saag and the Chicken Curry.  The samosas were very large and had a good filling, though just ever so slightly greasy, and the raita and chutney were fine.I would have given the place 4.5 stars, but the only complaint I had was that the entrees could have been a little warmer temperature-wise, maybe turn up the steam table a bit.I will certainly return for dinner.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,2/11/2013,25,218,2,5,2>Faux Bacon, Avocado, Local Tomato and Arugula Sandwich ... 5.5 stars out of 5. Even better than expected, the faux bacon was like a crispy-sweet-onion-bacon and we couldn't get enough of it. Avocado was cut right on the spot when I ordered, nothing better than that.Argentinian Choripan Sandwich ... 5 stars out of 5. I love chorizo and I love chimichurri sauce, so this one was clearly a winner from the start. The sausage was in a patty style and was salty and rich. The chimichurri sauce was a perfect complement.In short, every bit as tasty as what I've come to expect from the mobile truck but with even more choices. The sandwiches here are simply amazing no matter what they are. Now that I know where this Kitchen is located, I'll definitely have to come back for a breakfast sandwich sometime and/or when I can't make my usual Wednesday Duos Mobile visit downtown.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,2/10/2013,75,186,,3,3>Gelo (pronounced Gee Low) opened in my neighbourhood last week  & is still having its soft opening. It's owned by the same person that owns neighbours Cafe Patachou & Napolese. It has a simple & elegant decor, with awesome tables that have a flywheels to raise & lower the height. Lots of black, white, stainless, & antique gold. Pretty, clean, & casually fancy. The 3 constant flavours are chocolate, vanilla, & pistachio. All 3 are good & creamy. Chocolate isn't overpowering or cloying, & vanilla is definitely vanilla-y. Pistachio is the best of the 3 I say. Super creamy & rich. Also tried the apple spice seasonal flavour-again, tasty..like spice cake. Persimmon was a knockout though. I hate persimmon, but could eat their persimmon gelato forever. So good. Should've gotten candied pecans on it. We'll definitely be back. Maybe for one of those lemon curd tortes. (They have espresso drinks, sipping chocolate, and delicious looking homemade patisserie.)
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,2/9/2013,227,380,,6,2>I'm a big fan of sushi, so when I heard there was a place on the west side offering a wide variety of sushi - ALL YOU CAN EAT - I was there.The decor isn't much, like the other reviews mentioned. I arrived around 6:30 in the evening and didn't have a wait; however, by the time I was done, people were waiting for a table to open up.The draw to this place has to be the all you can eat sushi. For about $23, you get to choose between three pages of soups, salads, rolls, and various pieces of fish. If you know you like sushi, this is a great way to have your favorites but venture out and try something new too.It should be noted that if you aren't in an "all you can eat" mood, Sushi Club also offers a regular menu with the all you can eat selections on it, plus more. My dinner companion did this and was very happy with her roll.I went with the salmon and tuna - two of my favorites - and also tried two of the 8-piece rolls and two of the 4-piece rolls along with the miso soup. The soup came out very quickly, as did my green tea (and the refills were prompt, although not as hot as I would have liked). The soup was the perfect temperature and flavor. After the soup, there was a bit of a wait while the chefs prepared our meal. Even though there were a number of chefs preparing the entrees, the delay was noticeable. When our food came out, it looked wonderful, and the delay was all but a distant memory. I'm a very finicky sushi eater, but this tasted great. The tuna and salmon were fresh, the rolls were nice and tight, and there wasn't a piece of sushi left, which was a good thing. According to the menu, you can order as much as you like, but if you leave 7 or more pieces, you're going to pay $1 per piece for wasting it. I'll definitely be back to try several things that sounded great, like the Broadway and Colt roll very soon. I'll also make sure that I bring someone new to experience this hidden gem!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,2/8/2013,60,619,2,2,2>As a resident of other states which have lackluster state fairs, I love the Indiana State Fair.  Such great people-watching, great animal-watching, fun just wandering around, in and out of the exhibits.  I love going to the Exhibition Hall and seeing all the junk being sold there.  I am less impressed than many about the food, although the pork is generally OK, the Dairy Barn is quite good, and the hot Wisconsin cheese is awesome.  Definitely worth a trip every year, although I was less than impressed this year with the entry fee increase to $10 and the parking at $5.  But you can generally find a place to park on the street nearby.  A real Indiana tradition not duplicated in many other states.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,2/7/2013,66,163,,3,2>Visited here today.  I posted this event and thought I would go on opening day.  My husband works close and called me saying it was shoulder to shoulder & he couldn't get close to the meat counter, let alone the deli.  Sooo, I decided to wait til day 2.  It wasn't too crowded for me.  (If you've ever braved Trader Joe's Castleton on a Saturday)  The employees said the crowd was 1/2 the size.  The parking lot was full &  a little intimidating with drivers in their huge veh's driving a little crazy & rude.      -but I ventured in anyway.  The store is nice and the employees were super helpful & friendly.  I appreciated that prices were posted on everything & though it was the 2nd day they seemed to be organized and prepared.  It is alot like Clay Terrace's Whole Foods w/many of the same products & similar on the prices.  I do like their produce selection & almost everything was organic.  I picked up some beautiful golden beets, some greens, a bunch of dill, & some asparagus.  They had a good deal on shrimp & I splurged on some fish.  (Never frozen fish in Indy is pricey but they do compare w/Kona Jacks & Jonahs & have a bigger selection)  After tasting a sample of their raw milk cheese, they had me hooked.  -and it seems funny to mention bread, but the mini baguette sample was extremely good.  It's gonna be a great Friday night dinner around here.I can't afford for this to be my regular shopping grocery, but I will return for produce, specialty items, fresh fish and meats on occasion.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,2/6/2013,19,103,,3,2>It's a year later and I'm still going.  I'm fairly certain I've never managed to stay at a workout in a class setting for a year.  I'm stronger & my body is much more toned.  The classes still challenge me and aren't boring.  They have new client specials and periodic specials for their clients.  Check out the latest details on their website.They also provide child care for those who have kids and have recently started a kids yoga class.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,2/5/2013,33,191,,2,3>The cheese dip was really good. The jalapenos gave it a little kick. Chips and salsa were OK. Got a veggie quesadilla that was loaded with veggies... was pretty good. Nothing spectacular... standard Mexican food.4 stars may be a tad bit inflated. The food and service was good but nothing that I would crave that I can't get at other places. I liked that they had TVs that were showing the football game on Sunday.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,2/4/2013,15,38,,19,2>Love this little spot in Carmel. Heard about it from a friend. It was 5:00 when I walked in the lady at the counter was extremely nice and helped me with my decision on what to order. She recommended the ZQ dog. Which was fantastic. The hot dogs are made from Vienna Beef. This particular one is deep fried (no batter) with applewood smoked bacon, bbq sauce, and thinly shredded cheddar cheese. I chose to put it on a poppy seed bun for the extra .25. Of course I couldn't stop with just one dog, so I also got the Mexicali Dog. This was also fantastic! Vienna beef hot dog nestled into a poppy seed bun with thinly shredded cheddar cheese, salsa, sour cream, jalapenos and topped with tri-color tortilla strips for that extra crunch. I will definitely return to this spot with some friends. So if you're in the mood for a good dog head to Zacky's!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/5/2012,2/3/2013,130,709,2,4,5>On a rainy Friday I visited Matt the Miller's Tavern for a mid-afternoon meeting and found it to be a perfect location for this. Great light, quite enough, nice atmosphere. The service wasn't bad either.Good selection of beer and wine. We didn't have a full meal but shared two plates; the ahi on flat bread and the stir-fry edamame. The ahi was a huge portion that would have been more successful if it had been served without the flatbread, avocado and every other accompaniment except the wasabi sauce (basically ahi sashimi) - just my opinion here. The edamame had too much garlic and was very oily. I didn't care for it.This is a great find and I'll return, but I'll be more cautious on food selection next time.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,2/2/2013,11,100,,6,3>I came in with a few people & the employees were nice & chatting with us. We had two children with us & one of the employees asked the kids if they wanted to color. She got them a book & crayons to try to occupy them while we shop. The first thing that I love about this store is its not crowded with clothes. Its not overwhelming when you walk in & its very easy to navigate the store. As we were picking clothes out the employees offered to start a fitting rooms for us. I had no problems shopping here
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,2/1/2013,195,303,2,2,3>I wanted to find a song about patios for this review, as I couldn't think of any off the top of my head, so I turned to my good friend google to help me out.  What I found was the Patio Song by the incredibly named band Gorky's Zygotic Mynci, who sing in both English and Welsh.  Well isn't it a lovely dayOh, I'm feeling all brand newWell isn't it a lovely dayOh, boating on sunday with youAnd if you really want to kiss herJust go right up and tell herOh, isn't it a lovely day for loveWell isn't it a lovely dayOh, my patio's on fireWell isn't it a lovely day?Oh no, words are wisdom from liarsAnd if you really want to kiss herJust go right up and tell herOh, isn't it a lovely day forMae'n bwrw glawSo dal fy llawOnd mae'r gaeaf mor hirMae'n cymryd gormod o tirDal fy llawMae'n bwrw glawOnd mae'r gaeaf mor hirMae'n cymryd gormod o tirThis may be my new theme song for the beautiful patio furniture that I bought on KILLER DISCOUNT at world market.  It was marked 50% off, and then I got another 10% off for joining their Voyager program (just an email thing, not any sort of thing you pay money for), so I ended up getting a new wood patio set with a big rectangle table, two end chairs with arms, four side chairs, a huge rectangle umbrella (important for us pale folk), and umbrella stand, as well as a bottle of wine and a six pack of beer to help celebrate for right about $600!  The staff are also really, really helpful.  They will hold the furniture for you until you can come back with a truck to pick it up, which is pretty awesome, and they will go digging around in back to see if they have more of a particular thing for you so you don't have to take a floor model.Oh, my patio's on fire indeed!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,1/31/2013,264,21,1,6,5>When I heard that this place had been in jeopardy of closing down not to very long ago, my heart skipped.  This is a diner, yes.  No fancy plating or waitstaff in high heels...but they have some of the best B-Fast food here in Indy.  You're not going to find something way out of the ordinary, as far as the type of food, but the quality is tops.  The very best of the best...their house cured corned beef.  You heard me "HOUSE CURED", people!  Who in the heck does that anymore?  Oh, and they do it sooo very well, I might add.  So, in a town that lacks in great B-Fast choices get your booty down to Steer-In and get you some!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,1/30/2013,187,120,2,4,3>Stopped by this place after the first place couldn't help me and the 2nd place had almost a 2 hr wait. This place got me in very quickly and everyone was very nice. I am writing this review as I am waiting for X-rays to be looked at but so far everything has gone really well.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,1/29/2013,93,210,3,6,7>I love coming here for one reason: margaritas. And Stephanie makes them the BEST! Seriously. This whole summer I have spent time trying to replicate whatever she does behind that bar! I just can't touch it. She's got this special margarita making touch that seemed to have bypassed me. Sad panda.Well, besides Steph making a mean margarita, the beer list is always being updated and changed by John which the hubby appreciates therefore I appreciate. We know we can come out for a drink. I get the marg and he gets a beer. We are happy. Add the chips and fresh salsa and you get happier Divines. Enough said.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,1/28/2013,20,50,2,2,2>Between this place and Flying Cupcake, I'm making zero progress in losing those extra pounds (actually making negative progress at this point)....There is a variety of flavors from some of my personal favorites (cake batter, dulce de leche) to the conventional strawberry, vanilla, etc.  What really separates this place from the rest of the pack is the plethora of toppings--anything you could want from oreos to M&M's to granola to coffee beans.  I'll admit, I was somewhat intimidated at first.  You pay by weight, both in terms of the yogurt and your beltline You are covered with endless permutations when mixing and matching froyo with the toppings.  And that's where they catch you with visit after visit.  Time to put on those husky jeans!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,1/27/2013,69,64,4,3,3>I don't care if it's a 25 minute drive. I don't care if it has no ambiance or bathrooms. I don't care if I have to stand out in the rain, the cold, the heat or the snow. I don't care that some other taquerias may have fancy names, sauces & ingredients. I just don't care because the tacos here at Tacos Al Carbon, a little trailer in the parking lot of Liberty Bell Parking Lot on the corner of Washington Street & Post Road on the East side are JUST THAT GOOD! Period!! With all the food truck craze lately especially from the beginning with the West Coat Taco guys, this little diamond plate gem stands out in a crowd. First off it is completely immaculate, which is more than I can say about a lot of food trucks or trailers. This is a huge plus for me. The taco's are truly delicious and authentic. I have tried them all ( except Lengua, I'm not big on tongue). They re all exceptional to me especially the pork varieties. My favorite as of late has to be the La Diabla Al Pastor. Flavorful as a wonderful Tacor Pastor should be, moist and fresh and a nice bite with the Diabla sauce. If I close my eyes, lay on a chaise lounge, felt some sand between my toes, a margarita in my hand and the sound of crashing waves, I would think I was in mexico! Too bad most of the sand is dirt and the only boom and crash here is the occasional "Car that goes BOOM" I must say I'm anxious to try the Tortas but I just can't help myself from eating the tacos.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,1/26/2013,131,130,2,3,4>What a great performance space! The first time I was able to check out this theatre is at iNDYfRINGE festival 2012, and it definitely had some great shows there, including BOT, which was freakin' spectacular! Not to mention, this space has a refreshment booth, which is always a plus.You've gotta appreciate these smaller performance spaces because it keeps the show more intimate with the audience, as well as getting the community involved in local theatre. I cannot stress enought how important it is for us to support that which makes our city special - the arts especially. I'm a huge advocate of small businesses and local artists, so forgive me if I sound huffy-puffy when I say GO RIGHT NOW! See some indie show that will probably never be seen again because some guy wrote it in his car because he needed the money for gas. You won't regret it! And even if you do regret it, you'll still walk away with a different point of view. That's the beauty of theatre!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,1/25/2013,30,79,2,5,3>When you visit Rocket Fizz, you'll feel like a kid in a candy store! There's just an eye-popping array of candy, sodas, and retro posters. It's a gift basket waiting to happen - for someone you care about OR yourself! And it's refreshing to shop for candy that's beautifully displayed, as opposed to a depressing checkout aisle. I love the international candy section. Cadbury's Dairy Milk bars were a highlight of a trip to Europe, are infinitely better than Hershey's (trust me). I often wondered how I'd get my hands on one here in the States. Rocket Fizz, you're a hero!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/24/2013,30,118,2,4,2>This place is amazing, as echoed by every other review in here. Only thing i wish is that i had a leather jacket and some 1950's greaser hair. The vibe of this place makes me want to hang out with Fonzi like its going out of style. Sure Fonzi has no work skills other than smacking a juke box, but we all know its gonna work out. BTW, cheapest movie theater snacks on planet earth at this local.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,1/23/2013,100,362,,6,2>Yelp for the win! I was looking for a new salon close to home so, of course I turned to Yelp. I wanted an appointment for a Saturday (I decided this on Wednesday) so I was glad to see Be has online scheduling so I didn't have to talk to a receptionist and be shamed for wanting an appointment so soon. I scheduled by time slot, not by stylist; the stylist I was supposed to see called me a few days before asking if I minded him moving my appointment to Laura, as he had to go out of town on short notice. I was like, whatever. I mean, as a first time client, I knew if I went back to the salon I'd return to whichever stylist I saw.I really lucked out with Laura. Her hair is similar to mine so she knew just what to do with it. I've been coloring my hair at home and the ends are a lot darker. Knowing that I am getting married in 2 months and that my budget is tight, she suggested I use Tide detergent to remove the color. Huh. I'll definitely be giving that a try.The cut and style is excellent and she gave me tips as she went in terms of styling. Using just a vented brush, she created lots of body in my hair. The style was polished, of course, but it definitely seems like something I could recreate at home. The only issue is that the salon is next to Invoke Yoga. My appointment was at 11 and there was also a class at 11 -- so parking was at a premium.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,1/22/2013,295,229,2,7,5>I've written two other reviews on two other businesses in this location. They were both one star reviews. Thank goodness a business has finally moved into this amazing location that isn't a steaming pile of awfulness. Sabbatical is now my Bears bar. As it was at Local's Only, they provide specials on beer and have a Chicago menu especially for games. I really hope they bring the chili back! $5 Chicago dog and chips...cannot go wrong. Great seating set up with lots of TVs and a really neat "VIP" area outside with a television on the patio. The small plates are beautifully crafted, and they seem to always have a new rotating special. Prosciutto wrapped figs with mascarpone? Deal. Put those in my mouth.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,1/21/2013,41,152,,7,4>This place is like... awesome.  At about 5 pm, I ran across the street from my work for a quick (and I mean quick) burger... and in less than a few minutes I was on my way with a farm fresh, made to order burger that made me so very happy.  It was faster than any experience I have had at City Market but this was also later in the day.  Because I was in a rush, I ordered the #1 without much thought but it was so delicious.  Almost as good as my all time favorite burger over on the west side at Workingman's Friend.  I am a little biased though because I love love love thin burgers.  Also having lived in Bloomington for five years before moving to Indy, I have a special place in my heart for Fisher Farms where Punch Burger gets their local beef.I didn't try the fries but I will soon. I also want to try more exotic burger combos as well. This place is delicious.  I hope it's a hit!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,1/19/2013,130,167,2,2,2>We usually roll in to the Tin Roof late at night after getting our fancy cocktail on at the Libertine. I love the Bocce Ball cages.  It's just drunken PS3 Move in real life! So much fun. Last weekend was the first time that I had dinner at the Tin Roof. I had the buffalo chicken sandwich (I would trade my blood for hot sauce, so I am not terribly hard to please on this front) and it was pretty good. A little heavy on the bread, but the portions were huge. Definitely good bar food, but just that... bar food. As long as the drinks stay good and cheap... and the cage stays open... we will definitely keep frequenting this place. It's good to know they have some menu options, though, that are probably better after a few more PBRs.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,1/17/2013,10,47,,6,2>Spitzer has been my shop for a couple of years now. They are fair with prices, and they are very knowledgable. John, the owner, is always there and he is always friendly. The staff is all great too. I've had major repairs done here, and I have yet to have a problem.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,1/16/2013,66,105,,3,2>I love Szechwan Garden.  People have all sorts of nice things to day about its authenticity, etc.  What I have to say is CHOW FUN.  This is the only place in town that has Chow Fun Noodles on their menu.  I order off-menu and get mine with tofu and broccoli, but I've had their beef and shrimp offerings and all are delicious.  What's more, is that they make these tasty, thick rice noodles in house.  Fresh is best, and the way they suck up the flavors of the sauces they are cooked with---even better!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,1/15/2013,122,66,,3,2>Once again, George and company have hit it over the fence.  I've been around Indy and tried a lot of ethnic foods and flair.  Greek food has a soft spot for me since it is much like classic Italian establishment's food personifies the culture.I am so impressed with Greek Islands on 906 South Meridian, 317.636.0700.  A quick look on the outside and you start to get a feel of the islands: festive white's and blue's.  Plenty of parking and situated just south of another Indy landmark, Shapiro's, Greek Islands is a "must go" for any "foodie" in Indianapolis.  Each and every time, George's presence is felt in the food, atmosphere, and he is bound to visit your table to make sure your experience is top notch.On this visit, I took my wife for a date night.  She is relatively new to Greek cuisine, so she is not as adventurous.  That's OK since George and Wesley (waiter) were there to describe in detail what a "toe in the water" patron should expect.  The traditional menu may look daunting in description, but it is well thought with all the typical favorites and even some new spins that are bound to earmark why Greek Islands should be the #1 stop for Greek Food around this city.We started the night off with SAGANAKI, which comes out FLAMING with a very eye-appealing presence.  Once the flames goes out, the entire restaurant cries out, "OPA!"  If you are hosting newbies, be sure to start off with MEZEDAKI COMBO.  It displays a wide variety of starters and is great over conversation, wine, or traditional Greek beers.  My wife had the AROUND THE ISLANDS entree featuring: A tasty combination of Moussaka, Pasticchio, Gyros and pita bread and I dove into the GREEK ISLANDS COMBINATION entree: Moussaka, Pasticchio, Dolmades, Gyros, Spanakotiropita, and Tiropita.  Like I said, if this all looks foreign to you, the staff will explain each item as well as great pairings to make your evening memorable.  Wesley talked us into the AVGOLEMONO soup: A tasty base of chicken stock with egg, lemon, and orzo pasta. Mama Fofo's family recipe! Served hot and delicious.  When it comes out, try it just as it is or add some fresh-squeezed lemon and pepper to enhance the experience.  This soup has to be tried.  We even took two home for later.While we dined, we saw evidence of the years of Greek heritage, pride, and personality throughout the dining room.  George navigates the room to greet each and every guest so that you feel like part of the family.  Somewhere in the back, the magic happens.  Plates clank, the bustle of waiters float around the floor, and a belly dancer and festive music are bound to make an appearance...Jamila Ali is a crowd favorite, but a few other dancers make their way about the room on different days.  The Greek Islands, in my opinion, has a different and unique flavor about their cuisine.  I've yet to find a menu items that I have not enjoyed.  Their KORINTHIAN SPECIAL: lamb chops, EXOHEKO: Pork loin sauteed in a dry wine withcelery, carrots, and peas, wrapped in buttered phyllo with cheese and baked toPerfection, or Chicken Souvlaki: Two skewered, hearty bites of grilled,marinated chicken breast are other items that are bound to excite your taste buds.Listen, I've been around Indy and have tried the very best in restaurants.  I'm here to say, if you don't try Greek Islands, you are not experiencing life.  This restaurant screams personality.  The garlic, olive oil, lemon, oregano, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and other herbs and spices are very distinct in their dishes.  How can you take some simple ingredients and elevate lamb, beef, pork, chicken, or fish to a new level?  Greek Islands has mastered the recipes to leave you wanting to plan your next visit.So glad I keep returning to a real Indy landmark that boasts, "Come in as Strangers, Leave as Friends!"  You truly feel like one of the them having a family dinner in one of their homes.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,1/14/2013,115,246,2,11,3>Yum! Yoya is a brand new business on the NW side, next to Papa Murphey's and Qdoba and Skyline Chili near 86th and Michigan Road.Yoya is a little different than close-ish competitors Huddles or Yo Joy or Orange Leaf. For starters, it's run by a friendly Asian family. Second -- they serve bubble tea!We got: cheesecake, cake batter, and red velvet cake frozen yogurts all mixed up in one cup, and then eurotart and mango in another cup. All of our bites were flavorful, and the second cup was deliciously tart. They have syrups and candies and fruits and everything else you can dream up, too.The lay-out is similar to other yogurt shops but we noticed right away how clean Yoya is. Then again, they're brand new! Hope it stays so spotless.We didn't get bubble tea today but flavors include honeydew, mango, cocconut, papaya, taro, strawberry, vanilla late, watermelon, pineapple, red bean and kiwi. Check it out!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,1/13/2013,40,32,2,3,3>I don't know where to start!This has been HQ for the Oxfam Indianapolis Action Corps, and the staff couldn't be nicer about it.This coffee house is more than just a college student hang out, its rather supportive of the local arts and local social justice groups. Meanwhile the drinks are so creative and 10x better than any commercial joint (surprise!)Bonus - they sell beer! For those who are looking for something with a stronger kick, this place was created just for you.Whether you are a college student who needs a relaxing place to study, or just a chill coffee house to meet with friends (or your quilting and anarchist club) this would be the place to do it!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,1/12/2013,121,437,2,4,3>A great new food truck with attached smoker.  The pulled pork was a generous serving.  The meat was tender and lean.  The spicy bbq sauce is HOT, but good.  The mild is also good and will save your taste buds from burn out.  I'm not a Carolina mustard fan, but according to hubby, they did it well.  The sandwich was $6, which is reasonable for what you get.  Free smells and it smells like pork heaven!!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,1/11/2013,210,195,1,4,2>I find it hard to eat lunch anywhere else.  The quality of their food is astounding.  You can also purchase their cheeses & meats by the pound!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2012,1/10/2013,63,307,2,3,2>Yup as everyone has said the food is good. Went for Sunday brunch with a friend & brought my baby. I wanted to contribute this review because I have noticed that this is listed as a place that is good for kids... maybe older kids perhaps but I would not recommend this place if you have a baby with you. There's no room for a stroller in here, but they will keep it in the kitchen for you while you eat. The main reason I wouldn't recommend it if you have a baby is because there is nowhere to change a diaper. No changing table in the restroom and where I asked where I could change my little guy, they just suggested my car. Too bad we walked there. :( Babies aside, I gave the review 3 stars instead of 4 based on what I ordered. The Crab Benedict was good, but I don't know that I would exactly count it as a "benedict" since there was no Hollandaise sauce and no English muffin. The sauce was horseradish & I did like it but found the flavor to be overpowering when paired with crab. The crabcakes were good but nothing to write home about. If I went back, I'd order something else. Not terrible by any means, just not spectacular either. The fresh fruit that I ordered as my side however, was delicious and I loved that they garnished it with a fresh tropical flower. Made me feel like I was in the Caribbean! :)
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,1/9/2013,133,150,2,3,2>Conveniently located on Mass Ave.  I don't bank here, but since I am a member of a credit union,  I can use their ATM with no fees, even to deposit checks.  Saves me a lot of time and hassle, and I appreciate this.  Three cheers for credit unions!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,1/8/2013,61,189,,4,4>Amazing experience! The fall menu is delicious! Try the red snapper! The sky high cocktail is a fun twist on a classic!We really had a beautiful evening celebrating my lovely wife's birthday. We had been to a similar concept in Kansas City but never tried our hometown favorite here in Indy! Service was truly charming, despite the unusual Wednesday night traffic and our server seemingly being spread over a couple of sections. She was truly fantastic very complimentary of our beverage choices and dinner choices. She was well versed in our gluten intolerance. It's a shame so many servers are more like this one because she knew her gluten trivia and had thoughtful recommendations. The view of the city was breathtaking and perfectly romantic for my lady's special day. She enjoyed the fillet which was perfectly butterflied with a creamy sherry sauced scallop potato with the wonderful addition of asparagus for some brilliant greenery on the color palette. I enjoyed a glass of sauvignon blanc, delicious and perfectly paired with the Panko Red Snapper. The snapper was so good! Typically I am not a fan of buttered sauces, but you had me at jalapeno butter sauce. Creamy with a touch of spice. For those of you that do not like spicy this is really a low spicy nothing too extreme. A well thought out pico on top of a bed of creamy rice. Rice and I do not usually get along, it is usually too filling for me and feel gross afterward. This rice was delicious! I probably will not eat any other rice but this rice. Well done! Truly a delightful experience! If there is any room for improvement it might only be in the hosts seating strategy and welcome to the restaurant. Upon arriving we had to wait a moment for the host to return as he was retrieving a cup of Joe, which i do not blame him it was a cold night and probably slow before we arrived. Simply the finer details I did not necessarily need to know. Seating seemed to be all in the same section while he did not seat us directly next to another party we were just a couple of tables down from a louder party. Like I said finer details. If a quiet table is important to you I would be sure to request it. The host was extremely hospitable and truly warm in welcoming and chatting with us as we waited for the elevator. He earns five stars for his hospitality but for professionalism maybe four. He was telling us that they often have trouble with the elevators and sometimes only one works. I like you, my friend, but a word from the wise don't advertise your faults have had people perceive something other than what I have intended when making conversation about problems we have had at our restaurant. Keep it up though you are excellent at what you do! Thank you Eagle's Nest for being such a long standing romantic hot spot in downtown Indy. My wife and I are sure to return!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2012,1/7/2013,29,64,2,3,2>Prepare for fresh Japanese-style cuisine in a crisply modern decor.  More than a fun sushi bar, Wild Ginger's menu offers multiple types of nigiri, sashimi, and rolls while including non-sushi options like tempura, skewers and buckwheat noodle/udon  combinations.The dining room's design is crisply modern and clean.  The Friday night we dined was busy - a large party filled the back dining area.  (Popular plaza offers many dining choices, so lot was packed with some spots open in very back.)  We chose an outdoor table, but expected to flag down staff since indoors was keeping them on their toes.  Despite the crowd and summer heat, we were served promptly and with smiles.Started with excellent Gyoza (fried dumplings), Guinness and Stella.  I think we really missed out not trying the Plum Flight:  four 2oz. samples of chilled plum wines.  Or at least a glass from the extensive saki list with fun names like "Beautiful Young Man" and "Drunken Heart".No complaints when we split a Dinner Combination 2.  A small, fresh salad with peanut dressing arrived first. Tasty miso soup arrived in a small, lidded bowl.  Dinner was served on a traditional zen tray accompanied by a medium bowl of white rice. Condiments included shaved ginger, wasabi, and soy.Hubby enjoyed the California roll.  I liked both the Chicken and Beef Teriyaki and would choose the Chicken Teriyaki again because it was so wonderfully tender.  Two potato croquettes with a light panko breading and a tiny spring roll nestled in the corners of our tray as we debated how to split them.If you're a more daring diner, try the Unaju (eel).  More traditional diner?  Try a twist on the pork tenderloin:  Wild Ginger's Tonkatsu specialty is battered and deep-fried.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,1/6/2013,388,59,5,7,4>What toux say? I was an early visitor to Rouxville but have never been as regular a customer as I've wanted to be. The original location (does that read as weird as it felt to type it?) gets crowded and loud and stays that way for most of Papa Roux's hours of operation. Customers order at the counter but get served at the table and there are cards to place in a holder that alert servers that refills are needed for sides. It's a strange set up and can be disorienting, but that is part of the charm. Compounding the hectic vibe is the fact that the restaurant is very much a living organism. At any given time the owners, Art and Kathleen, might be updating, upgrading, or renovating something in, on, or around the restaurant. Art's take on cajun cooking as well as his hyperkinetic personal style has earned the restaurant (and him) a rabid following. The stews are all good, some are great, but the can't-miss dish on the menu is the po' boy.The soft baguette, meat, cole slaw, sauce combo wins any way you order it, and Art likes to come up with special limited edition versions. As much as I want to try them all, I can't not order the pissed off (extra seasoning) Smoked Sausage Po' Boy. There are definitely easier sandwiches for a man with a beard to eat but few - if any - are more satisfying.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,1/5/2013,167,357,1,5,5>Pros: Generous portions (you get way more than what you pay for here!), yummy specials, outdoor diningCons: Confusing entrance/seating situationI've been eying this little gem since moving to SoBro, and I got the chance to visit for lunch on a recent weekday.  There is no obvious front door to this place, so we accidentally went into the dining room while looking for outdoor dining.  We walked in to find no hostess at the hostess stand.  We turned around and just walked onto the patio.  There wasn't a sign directing you to wait for seating or go inside for the hostess so we kind of walked around searching for some help for a little too long.  Finally we walked in to the bar and someone told us to sit wherever we wanted.  It's a peeve of mine when restaurants aren't clear regarding seating, and this place was pretty confusing.However, once we sat down the rest of the experience was great.  We were handed menus, along with daily specials printed on paper.  We both chose from the specials, as they were very reasonably priced.  I ordered the chili and grilled cheese special ($7.95) and my boyfriend got the chicken stew with cornbread which came with salad and dinner roll ($7.95).  For the price, I was expecting a cup of chili and half a sandwich, but we both got large bowls of soup and I received a full sandwich.  I was surprised at with the generout portions.  I felt like i got a great value for lunch.  Service was also pretty good.  Water was refilled quickly and food was out in a timely manner (a plus for lunch on weekedays).  All in all: I will come back (regularly!) for the great prices, generous portions and prompt service!  Once you figure out where to sit, you'll have an enjoyable experience.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,1/4/2013,87,337,7,8,4>I'm a regular here. We just went to the weekend brunch buffet again and thought I should update my review from 2+ years ago.The food here is fairly authentic spicy Sichuan/Szechuan food and is in the same ballpark as Tony Hu's famous Lao Sze Chuan in Chicago's Chinatown. Lao Sze Chuan is still better, but this is Indy and that is Chicago - let's keep it real. However, Sichuan is about as good as you get in Indy for Sichuan food and, in many ways, Chinese food in general.To address some of the negative reviews, which are mostly variations of "I wish this were more like P.F. Chang's". I find these sad and reasons for why there are not more great, authentic ethnic restaurants in metro Indy and why Indy has more chain restaurants per capita than any other city in the US:"...much of the meat was inedible. Grisly, fatty and not appetizing. Avoid chicken." Translation: "I wish the meat were only the clean, lean, and flavorless chicken breast they serve in chain restaurants." Authentic ethnic foods use almost all parts of the animal."...I was horribly disappointed with barely any seafood/ chicken options, no cards indicating dishes..." The menu has something like 6-8 pages of single spaced dishes and she couldn't find seafood / chicken options? And did Sichuan fail to give her the obligatory flash card version of the menu for gringos?"The ambiance leaves a lot to be desired..." Translation: "I wish they had the pretty horses out front like PF Chang's. It's a hole in the wall authentic ethnic restaurant, not a pimped up chain restaurant that you're used to going to."Really don't recommend going to this lace if you 1. don't eat red meat.2. Have food allergies, coz i would at least expect labels." They have many non red meat options. Ethnic restaurants generally don't put labels regarding food allergies - it's a foreign concept to them. Back to the chain restaurants with you!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,1/3/2013,88,127,4,5,2>Old Pro's Table (OPT's) was the first bar I went to in Broad Ripple, so it has always been a sentimental favorite of mine.  However, much has happen in the 10 years since my first visit.  Two different presidents, three different governors, Angelina Jolie going from being psycho with Billy Bob Thorton to breaking up Brad and Jennifer to becoming "Bradgelina"...man, how time flies!  Where was I?  Oh yeah, 10 years has passed and like many things, my tastes have changed.  My watering holes of choice are less like the college bars of my youth, and more "adult".  However, no matter how old I should age, Old Pro's Table will always be a favorite.  Like others have commented, OPT's has pool tables, Golden Tee, the boxing bag game thing that I have never known the name of, and pretty decent drink specials.  If you ask me, OPT's true "x factor" is the fireplace!  Where else can you run the risk of being set ablaze by an open indoor fire pit?!?!. If you're a visitor to Broad Ripple, and are under the age of 25, you'll LOVE this bar.  If you're older, I can make no promises but I still recommend stopping by.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2012,1/2/2013,52,318,,10,1>The title of this review is - My R Bistro ExperienceUpon reading the reviews, it seems like everyone has had one, some good, some bad.  Other than the portion sizes being on the small side, there seem to be very few complaints about the food.  Maybe this should tell the owner and her staff a little something about how to treat their guests.  I'm just sayin'....I stopped at R Bistro on the way home from work, was by myself and sat at the bar. The bartender was sort of quiet but nice enough.  I looked through the menu and decided that the swordfish entree was what I would go with.  Except that it was served with a fresh vegetable confit and fava beans and was topped with anchovy butter.  A couple of other entrees were served with mashed potatoes and that's what I wanted instead of the vegetables + fava beans.  I don't like fava beans.  Never have, never will. So when I ordered, I asked to please substitute mashed potatoes for the vegetables and fava beans.  The bartender / server was visibly uncomfortable and told me that I "probably can't do that".  I told her that of *course* I could do that and if they wanted to charge extra, that was okay.  Just give me some mashed potatoes and skip the fava beans.She told me she'd have to check to see if it was okay or not...she came back to the bar and told me "The chef insists that you order the meal as she intended it to be ordered.  No substitutions are allowed".Okay...seriously?  I'm a grown man being told to shut up and eat my vegetables?  Not a great way to make a good impression on your customers.  I explained that I don't like fava beans, would not eat them and could they please make an exception.  Bartender comes back and states "The chef suggests you order a different entree if fava beans are not to your liking".  Really? OK...........I ordered the swordfish, asked for the anchovy butter to be on the side (was told that was fine).  The swordfish was very well prepared.  The anchovy butter was on the swordfish, not on the side....so I guess that request wasn't okay either. The chef / owner came out as I was paying and made a joke about not substituting menu items or changing the menu.  Ha, ha, ha....it really wasn't a joke, but she laughed her way through it and said she hoped I would come back again.I've been back once since then, but with so many dining options in the downtown area, it's not on my list to visit again.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,1/1/2013,3,47,,4,2>We've been to several of the Stone Creek restaurants, which are owned by a local group in Indianapolis. We've been generally pleased by all of them, but this one rates the best for us. The quality of the food is very good and for us on this night the service was excellent. The server was attentive and very knowledgable about the menu. It may be an odd recommendation, but their bread dipping  oil is the best I've had. Zippy and different. We really liked the baked goat cheese appetizer and the cream of spinach soup of the day. The Tuscan Penne was really defined by the smoked Gouda cream sauce and the Horseradish Dijon Crusted Sirloin was cooked just right. What was interesting to us was that this restaurant, located in an upscale shopping complex, seems to attract customers from a broad demographic range. You can get a $10 sandwich or a $26 steak. Or you can just eat the bread and enjoy the oil.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,12/31/2012,35,67,,4,2>I tend to look back at the previous reviews of a restaurant before I go and/or order if i'm already there.  That being said, there are some pretty strong reviews on this restaurant (both good and bad), so I was very skeptical about what my future held at this establishment.  Like other yelpers who have reviewed Mitchell's, I am an avid seafood lover!  Living in Indiana, it's REALLY hard to find good, fresh, seafood...besides the kind that is drenched in batter and fried.  Ok...appetizer of spicy shrimp and cucumber slices.  Awesome.  I normally don't like cucumber, but the spice from the shrimp was just enough to equalize the cucumber and make it very refreshing.  Yellowfin Tuna...i ordered it seared rare and it was cooked perfectly.  No knife needed, just pulled apart with my fork.  The stir-fried vegetables in a spicy sauce were excellent compliments to the tuna and rice.  Now, there were some reviewers who were not happy with the chef.  I'm not sure if we were there at the right time of night or what (around 700 on Friday night), but my girlfriend ordered the bread-crusted Tilapia, and was just as satisfied.  And, from my own experience, I know it seems like a simple task to sear a tuna rare, but it is not easy.  A big shout-out to our waiter, Phillip, who has only been on the job for a week.  He was busy, and at times seemed a little flustered, but he was very attentive to all of our requests and had excellent suggestions.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,12/30/2012,42,115,2,3,3>Oh. My. God. I hadn't been in this place before, but while our son was in Methodist hospital down the street, we went for a walk to preserve our sanity. Well, as new parents we could hardly resist the urge to walk into this store. The first moment in, I felt 8 years old again. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the store was full of fantastic one-of-a-kind stuff that any kid would swoon over. Seriously, this place is like the Whole Foods of toy stores. Real wood, real cloth, no cheap plastic trash you'd find at target.  This stuff is quality, and the whole layout of the place just invites you to wander and touch. Like a true toy store, it is an almost overwhelming feast for the senses. The magic in the air is palpable.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,12/29/2012,66,229,6,2,1>Hey middle class:Quit the Applebee's for a few weeks, save up, and go here. Yeah, it is expensive as hell but the steaks and service are worth it. I've only been here for a yelp event and an anniversary dinner, but both experiences were pretty much perfect. Would not change a thing. Oh yeah, lobster mac n cheese. do it. Hey rich people: Don't order bone-in steaks and have them cut the meat from the bone. I'd punch you.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,12/28/2012,123,216,,4,2>His & Hers is a well-preserved, old-timey diner.  It's got everything you expect from a diner:  the counter, the booths, no frills breakfast staples, and kitschy decorations. The food is good/greasy spoon, served in large portions, and for very little dough.  For $5, you can get 2 pancakes large enough to feed a family or four, and a cup of coffee.  The service is very friendly and they will make sure your coffee cup stays full.  The crowd is representative of the diverse Ft Square neighborhood.  It is definitely worthy of all the praise it has received in other reviews.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,12/27/2012,29,124,9,10,8>5 years ago, my boyfriend asks me if I want a donut. I said, "No. I don't feel like a donut." How many times did he ask and I reject? I don't remember, but just today, he asks, "Let's go get donuts." Funny thing is, I said, "Yes"...7 years later. Kind of like agreeing to a proposal.I'm not a donut type of gal, but I figured...what the heck, I'll give it a try ONLY because it's family owned and homemade by these adorable grannies in the back. Of course the day I decide to go, I only had $10 in cash. I was thinking...crap, I'll only be able to afford like 2 "designer" donuts. 1/2 dozen donuts later - (3 pumpkins, 1 blueberry, 1 powdered, 1 cinnamon-sugar twist) and a German chocolate brownie later...under $5. I would've jumped back in line if it wasn't almost out the door. Plus I was waiting to get a ticket on my window for parking in front of the hydrant at the corner of the gas station.Let me tell ya...these donuts aren't your ordinary donuts. They're fluffy, cakey, melt-in-your mouth goodness. Glaze is subtly sweet without being too sugary like cake icing. Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the brownies. They're not compact and chewy, but rather very light. The German chocolate frosting was divine - creamy, coconutty with just the right amount of sweetness.Right after I got out of the door, he asks if I want to get donuts this coming Friday again from Long's. Of course, I agreed without any hesitation.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/26/2012,67,81,12,5,5>Justin and I walk in to English Ivy's, already a few drinks in from the bar we'd been at before. We wanted some place where we could keep drinking, keep to ourselves, and talk endlessly. We pulled our stools up  and ordered a couple of vodka cranberries. Generic, just like our tastes and experiences. Just like this review. The first sip of the drink gave me chills causing the hair on my arms to stand on end. Goosebumps covered the sinewy muscles of my forearms and my butt puckered up. I wondered if anybody would ever know that my forearms were not muscular enough to be sinewy. Casting that thought aside, I focused on my drink.Justin complimented me on my jacket, so I complimented him on his good taste. Laughing at how hilarious we are, we marveled at the rib eye special. $12.99 for some ribeye, a salad, bread, and two sides. Well played, English Ivy's. Well played.By the end of my first drink, I'm feeling a buzz. English Ivy's doesn't mess around. I go up to the bar to order another one as Justin starts pushing bills into the juke box. He's shoving them in hurriedly, getting prepped for a dancing frenzy. This isn't the type of place where dancing makes sense, but we don't care. We're always dancing. I'm dancing right now. The bartender asks me if I'm bringing up a random empty cup or if the cup is mine. I tell him the cup is mine and he proceeds to pour my next drink into that cup, on top of the ice I've already used, my slobber intermingled amongst the cubes. 'I don't like to waste cups, and it's already yours' he tells me as he dumps an impressive quantity of vodka into my glass. He can count on zero fingers the amount of shits I give if he reuses my cup or not. He makes it extra strong to compensate for the inconvenience of me never really being inconvenienced. Brit Brit starts blasting out of the speakers and smiling heads begin bopping around to the beat, feet tapping, hands pummeling the air. It's dark inside of English Ivy's. The ceiling is strewn with Christmas lights and their reflection gleams within Justin's heavily dilated eyes. 'There's lots of scary decorations in here. I suspect withcraft'. We cackle maniacally and move to another seat. By the time we order the third drink, we are talking about god, the power of words, and are leaning on each other for support, even though we are sitting down. Our foreheads touch as we whisper and giggle, telling each other not-so-secret secrets. We vow to be BF4L, but irl, just like we do every few days. Unable to drink anymore, we make our way to the sidewalk to admire the architecture and call a cab. ALSO!This place has bomb.com fried pickles with a spicy remoulade. The drinks are strong and cheap. They are everything.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2012,12/25/2012,21,104,3,2,1>I agree with one of the other people who mentioned Mondo Subs.....they SHOULD be fired! Mondo subs is the reason there are 2 stars missing. I have never seen a group of employees who are as rude, unprofessional, and unhappy as the employees at Mondo Subs. I should not feel bad about ordering food, but they make it seem like you are bothering them by being there. For example, I am greeted daily with "what do you want?" or "what are you getting?" It's been this way for the three years I have attended......come on now
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/24/2012,40,100,2,4,2>Tried this salon because it was within walking distance from my home... and WOW did I stumble upon a GREAT stylist and salon! You will find Josh whistling or singing along with an array of music as he does what he does best... I have been here three times to get my hair cut and LOVE it! Josh is great at seeing one's hair and knowing what product should be used per person and also has great suggestions on cutting one's hair to look and feel its best! Not only is Josh a fantastic stylist, he is very sweet and and always upbeat... when I am here I have always felt like I am at home and everyone who comes in is family!! It also helps that the salon is beautiful and very comfortable!HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,12/23/2012,115,150,4,4,2>Is it wrong that I sometimes judge Asian restaurants by the number of Asian customers they have? Maybe I'm weird, but it makes me feel like the food is going to be really good. We went there a Saturday at around noon and over half the customers were Asian. There was a Japanese family sitting in the next booth and the grandmother (her grand-daughter was giggling and smiling at us) told me that this was one of her favorite places to eat. This was a VERY good sign.The wait staff are all Korean; all six or seven of them were near the back corner near our booth. The ladies were either talking about  the latest Korean drama or someone's nephew dating someone's brother's, cousin's crazy half sister. I'm only half Korean and my Korean is really bad (sorry mum!). Anyway, I thought the service was great and the food was really good. I ordered sashimi, tempura and a Hoosier roll. The sashimi so fresh and beautifully cut (I swear it makes a difference in how it tastes!) and the tempura was also fresh and not the frozen kind I've had at several restaurants in town. Yup, me likey! Sakura has this Asian's seal of approval. ^__^
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,12/22/2012,56,252,2,10,4>As a firearm enthusiast and defender of the Second Amendment, I try to patronize as many local gun shops as I can.  An investment in a quality firearm (or associated products) is vitally important to life and liberty, and is one that should not be taken lightly.  I have had several experiences at ITP, and all have been nothing but positive.  The staff is absolutely commendable.  They are friendly, extraordinarily knowledgeable, and are beyond helpful.  They wouldn't let me leave until I was satisfied with my purchase. Other gun shops operate differently.  Some just want to make money, and they couldn't care less about your wallet or your satisfaction with your firearm. For a smaller shop, they have an unbelievable selection of guns, accessories (holsters, cleaning supplies, etc), knives,and ammunition.  If you want it, they probably have it.ITP recently opened a family gun range.  The range is small and simple.  It is clean and well-maintained.  Since the range is small (yet understandably popular), you may have to wait for a few minutes to get a lane.  Unlike other ranges in the city, the staff at ITP will not tolerate any monkey business. Safety first.  I would also like to point out that they only charge $8 per 30 minutes of range time--and didn't charge me to use their safety glasses (which I had forgotten).I'll also point out that ITP proudly supports the National Rifle Association.  They had an assortment of membership materials, information for liberty-minded Americans, and various stickers.Indy Trading Post, bravo!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,12/21/2012,24,113,,5,3>"Om nom nom" isn't usually something you anticipate reading in a beer review, but there it is. We have a few great  (comparable) breweries in the Indianapolis area, but Flat 12 has always been the standout for me for a few reasons:1. Taste. Their porters are the best in town, their IPAs are crisp and refreshing without being overwhelmingly hoppy, and their amber and blonde are like the cool, interesting, worldly older brother of the "drinkable" beer family.2. Free samples. You get to try before you get a whole growler, which is great for commit-a-phobes.3. Variety. They have a new specialty once every couple of weeks, and it's always fun. Flavors like kiwi, glazed ham, and blackberry always have me coming back for more.4. Ambiance. In my mind they have the best space compared to others - not to large or too small, well laid out, bathrooms are clean and not sketchy at all, the sunny porch is great for a pint, and everyone from the volunteers to the higher-ups is friendly and welcoming. I wish they were open more, since a growler between all the roommates never lasts long, but even with limited hours I'm a huge fan.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,12/20/2012,59,68,2,7,2>Pho! I can't get enough of the rare steak bowl. Not familiar with this Vietnamese delight? Imagine a bowl big enough to wash your face. Now, fill it with a massive portion of rice noodles, thinly shaved, rare beef, scallions, long strands of white onions, and maybe some other tasty vegetables. Drown these choice ingredients in the most savory broth and serve it to the customer with a plate laden with bean sprouts, Thai basil, sliced jalapeño and lime. Garnish to taste with these fixings, and season with the Rooster (Sriracha), chili garlic paste, and copious amounts of hoisin.All for $7.This is now my go to for a Southside Asian comfort food joint.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,12/19/2012,28,308,1,7,3>Best po boy I've had outside of Louisiana and East Texas. And I've eaten a number in them in a wide variety of towns. Indianapolis has redeemed itself on "cajun" in my mind after that ridiculous Papa Roux attempt at what they called a po boy.I read about this place in Nuvo and knew that I needed to try them. It sounded like the  owner was putting in a solid effort to be a real po boy shop.And I love seeing a new place in Fountain Square. If only Indy had good transit between Downtown and Fountain Square, and we could ferry some of the chain-going hoards in Downtown out there. Such a great area.This is addressed Shelby, by their parking lot is accessed from the alley behind Shelby, and there's no street parking out front. They have a nice patio that faces the street, a bocce ball court, a few tables in the interior, and even a bar. Yeah, they have good, local beer on tap. It's not cheap, but it's good and it's local. If you want cheap, they have $2 pints of PBR.And this is not a cheap place to eat at either. You're going to be paying roughly the French Quarter or Parasols prices for your po boy. They serve halves and fulls, with fulls starting at about $8. They have a variety of sides, including red beans & rice. The price is worth it. Really.They have a number of different po boys, including shrimp, oyster, roast beef and andouille sausage. They also do lunch specials, where they have a half of the non-seafood po boys plus a side for something like $8. Really not bad.I had the catfish po boy. I can't resist catfish, even in Indiana. Looking at the menu, and listening to them talk about the menu, I was really impressed. #1: they have what Louisianans call the hot sausage po boy. Here though called it a spicy sausage po boy (it's not really that spicy). But it's still what it is. #2: they serve the roast beef po boy correctly, with brown gravy. I think this po boy is gross, honestly, but that's the way it's supposed to be done. My catfish was $11 for the full, and I got a side of red beans & rice. Also can't resist that.The catfish was nice. I mean, it was frozen, but where are you going to get fresh catfish in Indiana? Fried chunks of it, with a good breading. The sandwich bread itself was very good. I was most impressed with the red beans & rice though, I think. A little overboard on the beans to rice ratio, in terms of beans, but it had a really nice flavor. I don't normally like it when they try to get fancy and throw other stuff in there or spice it up (that's what hot sauce is for), but I can't knock this stuff. It's very good. No need for hot sauce this time.They also had Crystal hot sauce on the table, which is a big plus since that's what you see on tables in Louisiana a lot of times (Tabasco is expensive, even there). So I had my catfish dry, but added the hot sauce. Very good eatin'.Best po boy ever? No, but that's a tall order. It beats a lot of what I've had in New Orleans though, and even some of the places in Houston.Like I said, great addition to the area. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other offerings.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,12/18/2012,78,198,3,8,1>Ok I'm updating my review to add two very important words. Knife sharpening. When I searched knife sharpening a few weeks ago I got zero results. I posted a talk thread and thankfully got some great responses (thanks Yelp community). I took my knives here and dropped them off. They were sharpened really well and were ready the next day. So for anyone else looking for knife sharpening here it is.One more time, knife sharpening.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,12/17/2012,19,40,2,2,2>This location is and always has been the heart and center of the city of Indianapolis.  It's not as pictured as St. Louis' arch or Chicago's "Willisears" tower i pop culture but its probably morose a representation of this city because it is both iconic and the prime location for people to congregate.  On any given weekend night this location is a hot spot even if nothing is going on.  People sitting on the steps, driving there "rides" around to be seen, taking a carriage ride, or just eating an ice cream cone.  The block it off at infrequent times for tail gates, festivals, parades, and various events.  Its a great launching point for events that the city hosts.  Some events I have seen here were the Superbowl parade, countless 500 festival parades, strawberry festival, various car shows, pep rallys, and Octoberfest, and many concerts (John Mellencamp being the best one).  My favorite memories here were the exotic car show during the Formula 1 USGP, the NFL Kickoff Concert the year after the colts won the Super Bowl, the annual "tree" lighting ceremony with a warm hot chocolate in hand, taking visiting family/friends up and around the monument steps, and just grabbing a slice of Giorgio's pizza and sitting out in the sun for lunch during the summer.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,12/16/2012,49,205,2,2,2>Dear Thai Kitchen Restaurant, why did it take me so long to visit you?  We came on a Sunday afternoon with a Groupon in hand and absolutely loved the place.  Based on yelp reviews we ordered the pad thai and the mango curry and both were excellent.  Great, rich flavor.  Not too pricey.  And the service was decent.  This is an easy place to overlook being at the end of the strip mall but it is like a little gem.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,12/15/2012,4,69,,3,3>I have dined here now back to back weekends and for a reason.  My first visit I went with the tenderloin and my dad with the 4 way.  Both meals where HUGE, good and filling.  This past weekend I stopped in for a couple coney/cheese dogs to go and they were outstanding.  If you are on the west side, craving some good ole home made food you can't go wrong with Nick's.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/14/2012,0,51,,3,2>After reading about this restaurant in the Indianapolis Star this week  thought I would check it out. They are located in downtown Broadripple and have a parking lot in the rear and we quickly found a spot. There is also plenty of street parking. My wife and I along with another couple had a 7:00 Saturday night reservation and were immediately seated. The restaurant was crowded but service was excellent.  We were quickly provided menu's and ice water by our friendly server. The local beer selection was interesting and I really enjoyed the 3Floyds  Alpha King Ale.  I think the drafts are 16 oz and the Alpha King is $5.We ordred a fish fries appetizer which was 3-4 small pieces of plain, breaded catfish. It was ok but I would not order again. I would serve it with lemon wedges and parsley garnish for a better presentation. They had a couple specials for the evening which included a lamb shank.  A near by table had the lamb shank which looked great and was very large. It was $28.I ordered the Portobello sandwich which is $10 and comes with choice of one side. I chose the sweet potato fries which was a large order and very tasty. I would have preferred a smaller order of fries along with a second side.  The sandwich was very good but the mushroom was small. I really liked the pretzel bun.My wife ordered the fried chicken dinner which has received many favorable comments in Yelp. It comes with mashed potatoes, green beans and cornbread. The dinner was excellent except the cornbread which was dry. The breast was large and comes with a drumstick. The breading was excellent and the meat moist. The green beans were cooked just right, done but still crispy.  At $16 it is pricey for a two piece chicken dinner but it was very good.Our table of four shared the $7.00 bread pudding which was excellent. It is served on a large plate with a sauce and blueberries. Because of the interesting menu I would return to try other selections.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,12/13/2012,34,61,9,7,6>Still the best Indian in Indianapolis. Why?Chai: unlimited.Dosas: made to order when you arrive. What's a dosa? Imagine a sourdough crepe, that's just slightly savory. Add some starch-and-spice based filling. Slather in chutney. This winter, I plan to knit a dosa quilt and sleep under it from December through February. Don't be jealous. Vegetarian dishes: varied, fresh, and ... actually containing spice! Great spinach dishes, black-eyed peas, mint + lentil rice, paneer.Naan: brought to your table, fresh. Blistered. Gulab Jamun: you should love them. Mohanthal: Gram flour fudge. This is pretty much the best thing ever. If you hate it, you can put it in yr pocket and leave it in my mailbox. Please thanks.Yeah, pretty much the same as Udupi/Passage to India, except:1) Cleaner.2) Super-friendly service.3) Better variety & more spiced dishes.Make sure you visit the grocery next door and get some samosas to put in yer fridge. Everything is explicitly labelled as vegan or vegetarian, & the owner will bend over backwards to make sure your dietary restrictions are covered. That's something to return for!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/12/2012,45,59,3,5,4>One would never say that Indianapolis is a pioneer of the tattoo industry. There are several shops popping up and several up and coming artists trying to make a name for themselves. But Voluta is one of a kind. Founded by Conan who with close to 15 yrs of experience is in a class of his own. He and Michele are putting Indy on the map of the tattoo world. His studio is in an awesome space in the historic Stutz building. The vibe is comfortable and artistically invigorating. You can just feel it when you walk in. Conan is an intense guy and passionate about his craft. He could easily make this about him, he's that good. But as soon as you meet him, you know he loves what he does and completely enjoys creating an experience with you. He makes you feel comfortable and takes the time to explain how things will work. He shares what techniques he thinks would work best to make your story come alive on your skin, all while respecting the story behind your piece. If and when he takes on more artists in his studio, you know they will be talented and trained by the best. I can't say enough about this place. I'm thoroughly impressed. Conan is an amazing artist who is confident but at the same time always looking to improve his talent. If there ever came a day he moves, I would make the trip...no matter how far.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,12/11/2012,33,104,,3,2>Quick note if you haven't been in a while.  There are SIDES are no longer available at this location.  -insert extremely sad face here-   Sammiches are a stitch cheaper and you have two options as accompaniments - Chips and Triton root beer.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,12/10/2012,6,51,2,4,3>Awesome place! Friendly people, great haircut!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/26/2012,12/9/2012,75,276,4,2,2>Longacre's just alright with me, Longacre's just alright, oh yeah. Since this is a biker bar, I can't give it a rating less than "A-OK." Look, I've seen "Sons of Anarchy."  I also know that the FBI just busted about 50 Outlaws right here in Indianapolis (thanks, Indystar!). I don't know if these characters read Yelp, but I'm going to play it safe and assume they do. A-OK. This used to be a frequent stop on the way to or from other (dive) bars on Madison Ave. The drinks were cheap and I have some decent stories to tell. A-OK. You hear that, bikers? The Longacre is definitely A-OK!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,12/8/2012,17,114,,3,3>So we almost didn't go in... Boy would that have been a mistake. It was around 7 on  a Friday and the place was empty. I even double checked to make sure I we pulled up to the right place. After double checking, we figured to follow the other good reviews and just go in. It was AMAZING! We ordered the Kwati soup. Full of earthy beans and spices, it really was an authentic soup taste that I have never even tasted before. I had the sirloin kabob. The spice marinade was spot on, and  it was tender. I even saved a chunk my dogs in the car, and they acted as if it was one of the best things I'd ever held in my hand. The basmati rice rice was cooked perfectly and the red sauce was a nice flavor, not to tomato-y. My husband had the lamb kabob. Perfectly cooked, tender and well seasoned. When we have guests in town that want good lamb, this is where I would take them.I also took the baklava to go. It has that very buttery and flakey home made taste. Which really makes stand out from traditional store bought stuff you might normally find.I can't wait to go back, I wish I didn't live 45 min away, because I would hit this place up for lunch all the time if I only lived closer!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,12/7/2012,35,201,3,5,4>You must eat here!This is one of Indianapolis' best kept secrets. As the other reviewers mentioned, you should definitely wear your eatin' pants. The larger your group, the better the experience. Everything is served family style so you can try everything on the menu if you have enough people to eat all of the food.Many restaurants claim to serve southern style food and then bring out some modern/fusion type thing. This is real, down home cookin'. It's not fancy and it's not cheap (but it's not expensive) but you will count the days until you can come back.The lack of the 5th star is due to the interior decor and the shopping plaza. It doesn't take away from the experience but St. Elmo's or Oceanaire it is not.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,12/6/2012,159,60,2,5,4>The only thing this airport lacks is everything I despise about every other airport. Check-in is quick and painless, everything is close (only 2 terminals) and there is great food...local even!Not that I would really not fly due to a crummy airport....but I actually enjoy going here!!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2012,12/5/2012,32,66,3,11,2>Dining at Eggshell Bistro is an interesting experience.  The decor is a unique blend of antique items and urban signage with an anthropologie-esque trendiness.  The space is cramped and small, with an espresso machine and coffee bar as the focus of the restaurant. While the food and drinks are truly top-notch, my experience was not worth the small fortune we paid to dine at the Eggshell.  My New Orleans iced coffee was, quite possibly, one of the richest, deepest, most delicious iced coffees I have ever tasted.  At $4.50, it was pricy, but worth the cost.  My husband had an orange juice that was $6.00.  My husband also had the sweet potato hash. He thought it was tasty....but the serving size would have been more appropriate for a child than for an adult, and at $13, he was very disappointed. My quintessential quiche was rich and flavorful, stuffed with bacon, leeks, and tomatoes.  The slice was on the small side, and I found myself slightly disappointed considering that I had paid $12 for it. After tip, for two tiny breakfast entrees and two beverages, we paid $46.  Was the quality of food and beverage great? yes. But, the service was sub-par, we were scrunched into a tiny two-top table and surrounded by four other couples scrunched into two-top tables, and we were both STARVING a mere two hours after our meal. I wanted to love this place - and the food really was tasty.  If you decide to check it out, be prepared to shell out a small fortune. I would go back for the coffee alone - that's how good it was - and I might just stick with a muffin or other pastry that we saw in the case full of goodies near the entry way to keep my pocket book full.  Despite the trendiness and the tastiness,  I just can't fathom how we spent nearly fifty bucks on a tiny breakfast that didn't even fill either of us up.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,12/4/2012,52,230,,2,3>I'll say up front that I don't drink beer.I took my parents here as a tour of Indy.  My dad likes craft beers so I figured a local brew co would be interesting for him.  He had a fun time trying a sampler.  The paintings on the wall crack me up.  The dudes that work here are really knowledgeable and are cool to talk to.  The one guy thought I was a freak of nature that I don't drink beer but he was good natured about it.  If you want to try something new with a laid back atmosphere, then this place is a good spot!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/3/2012,20,29,9,3,3>In order of appearance:Very friendly staff.Splinter in bar stool stabbed my dates ass (extraction process was enjoyable).I hate Campari and bitters so what did I order? Hopped G&T with grapefruit bitters.Reverend Palmer (essentially an old fashion) too sweet.Absolutely loved outdoor dining area.Tasty greens and peaches with tomatoes and moz.Croutons soft...whats up wit dat Amelia?Pork rind app tasted like well hot crackling pork rinds.Veggie au gratin delish.The mortal sin...entree of seafood bouillabaisse WAY to salty...fire the taste tester!In all an enjoyable evening and looking forward to a five star visit and more splinters.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,12/2/2012,42,253,,5,2>Crown Hill had me flustered a few weeks ago.  I showed up, along with some other strangers, for a Saturday evening tour.  The tour guide did not show up.  Big bummer.  They redeemed themselves this past Saturday when my boyfriend and I decided to give the tour another go.  I was shocked at how many people were there for the Dillinger and the Eastside Notables Tour.  There were about 35 people!  Charlotte, our guide, was excellent.  She was the most knowledgeable tour guide I have had on any tour ever.  She was spitting out Indiana History left and right.  She even had a few jokes and was quite personable.  If you wanted to see a specific grave, she would do her best to point it out along the way.  On this particular tour, you had to drive through the cemetery to different stopping points, exit your vehicle, walk a bit, and then return to your car and drive to a different area.  Would you ever guess that the cemetery is over 500 acres and there are approximately 25 miles of pavement?  Wow!  Not to mention, they have an absurd number of different types of trees; I even saw a tree brochure you could pick up outlining where all the different types are located.  On this tour specifically, you saw John Dillinger's grave and other notables on the east side of the cemetery.  However, we also got to see "the hill" and the "top of the Crown" for an amazing view of Indianapolis and the sunset.  This tour was worth my 90 minutes and $5.  I would highly recommend checking out the cemetery, even if it is just to take a stroll.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/19/2012,12/1/2012,43,227,,4,1>Skip: Mangia rolls.  They're a bit hard on the outside and not doughy enough on the inside.  The pizza sauce they come with is pretty delicious but it doesn't make up for the dryness of it's counterparts.Get: Tarte flambe pizza and arugula salad.  On the pie, the cheese was incredible and the bacon was chunky, seared, smoked, sweet, and altogether awesome.  I loved it!  The salad had some great poached pears and incredibly smooth goat cheese.  Winner!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2012,11/30/2012,16,149,4,7,4>Sad when after spending around $200 for a dinner for 2, you cross the street to get an $8 rice bowl from a food truck. Not that the portions are small (I 'd go back to Mesh for their braised pork belly appetizer), just did not find anything special with the 1st three dishes. The lobster salad was ok, the pan fried fluke was ok, but the sliced ribeye on some potato salad with clams just did not worked out for me.Generally the food is not bad, it was different, but just don't think it was money well spent. Service was excellent though, and the dessert that evening blueberry cobbler with vanilla ice cream topped with bacon bits(anything with bacon is good), was really good. They are supposed to change menu daily (consistency?) so maybe we just went on a not so special day.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,11/29/2012,158,135,2,4,3>Stopped in for a drink before catching an Indians game. This place was beautiful, clean, and packed on a Friday night. Hard to find a table at the bar, even though it is massive.  Drinks were good, they have Sun King and other local beers on tap. This is a sports bar with huge TVs everywhere.  We just had drinks so I cannot say anything about the food, except from what I saw it looked good!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,11/28/2012,74,286,,4,2>I ate at this Cafe Patachou before my flight back home out of Indianapolis. Best airport meal I've ever had by far. In fact it was good for a non-airport meal :) This whole company/group of restaurants is on point, and it's food offerings are very tasty. The quality really speaks volumes, and I like that they seem to actually care what they put in their food.Hip Hip Hooray, for Patachou!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/27/2012,26,37,,7,5>The specials at Black Market usually have the gravitational pull of Jupiter, so on my latest visit we figured we needed to give the standard menu some much-deserved attention.Duck Buns:  Good God. How have I not ordered this before? It's like bread heaven stuffed with duck heaven with heaven sauce. Braised Rabbit + Dumplings: A solid dish, maybe a little heavy for a warm summer evening, but delicious. Roasted Bone Marrow: They don't call it Butter of the Gods for nothing. This was my first experience with marrow and I dare say it won't be my last. Buttermilk Waffle with Panna Cotta:  I'm really not a huge dessert person, so I tend to go with choices that don't sound overly sweet. This was perfect. The panna cotta actually was very heavily lemon flavored, which isn't stated on the menu, so it was light and refreshing.  Our waitress was very helpful in pairing a rum to go with (Thanks, Kait!)I've been to Black Market 7 or 8 times. From fresh fish, to beef heart with beets and bacon, to mint chocolate shortbread cookies, to the egg salad, to lamb tongue..... it's been consistently amazing food. To be honest, I've only had one dish that I felt wasn't up to par (Chili Brownie with Thai Basil Frozen Custard).  Black Market also has (hands down) the BEST outdoor seating. Every time I dine under that canopy of vines with lights in Ball jars, I feel like I'm in a fairytale.  Seeing the chefs come out and pick fresh greens from the garden is an added perk.  On a side note, I love that Black Market uses social media in such a great way -- daily lunch and dinner specials can be found on instagram @blackmarket_massave !
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,11/26/2012,122,723,,3,3>I've been out to this store four times since May and never once have I encountered a shred of condescension or indifference. All staff members have been helpful to me, and patiently answered my questions (which are sometimes kinda "dumb") about road bikes. I rode commuters for  years and am going to upgrade (on a budget) to a road bike so I can go farther faster and more comfortably. Listen up ladies (and cyclist guys with a lady you'd like to get started in the sport):This shop has the best selection of women's road bikes in the city, and they have all the brands and models in every size. I've had stores try to sell me a bike that was far too small for me or far too large just because that was what they had in stock at the time. This won't happen at Matthews. I went in and confessed, up front, "I am not going to buy a bike today, I'm just beginning my search," yet I was willingly put on multiple bikes in all price ranges so I could get a feel for different components, materials, shifter styles, etc. I was there for nearly 2 hours and left sweaty because most of that time was spent in the saddle. I keep going on about road bikes, but there are kids bikes, mountain bikes, comfort cruisers, and even touring bikes at this shop. They have 2 stories of BIKES!!! And they're put together and ready for you to try! I almost don't want to mention this next part...there's a 50% off rack. All the time. It's where I got my $70 padded Specialized bike shorts for $35. Yowza! Always good deals (like Amazon good) on accessories and apparel on that rack. A couple weeks ago, I did my first organized ride in Brown County-I went 30 miles. That may not sound like much, but 30 miles in Brown County feels like 60 on the Monon. I decided last-minute (the Wednesday before the Saturday ride) that I was going to change out the handlebars and stem on the men's road bike I've been riding. I called all over the city, and the shop that had the parts, was affordable, and could get the work done for me by Friday was Matthews. I dropped my bike off Wednesday around 6:30pm and got the call Thursday evening that it was ready for me to pick up. New handlebars, new stem, new bar tape, labor to put it all back together, and a front light came to right around $140. Very pleased with how much better the ride feels and also with the speed of service. I'll be going here from now on for all my tune-ups too.Update January 2014:I did buy my road bike here, because I was able to get the SAME bike for $300 less than the price at any other local shop. I also bought pedals and a seat (because most road bikes come with crappy pedals and seats) which they discounted because I was buying a bike that day. I went to every bike shop I could find in Indy, poked around when I visited Dayton, OH, Chicago, IL, and Louisville, KY, and I stand by my assertion that Matthews is the best shop in the city and definitely one of the better shops in the area in terms of staff, service, and selection. We continue to have most of our work done here because the turn around time is so fast. My boyfriend's road bike was making a terrible rattling sound, and since he bought it at Performance (their house brand), he brought it back there to be tuned up, cleaned, and "fixed" (adjusted). Certain services are free to customers who buy Performance bikes. After spending nearly 2 weeks in the shop, his bike still rattled and the mechanic told him "that's how carbon bikes sound." That's BS. We called around to various other shops and were told mechanics were on vacation or the soonest they could get to the bike would be 2-3 weeks. Until we called Matthews...we dropped the bike off at like 7pm and got it back by 5pm the next day...NOT rattling. We also witnessed them turning away a wrecked custom-built bike that they couldn't fix and recommending where the poor guy MIGHT be able to take it for repairs.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,11/25/2012,109,103,,3,2>If you have to buy a NEW book, and don't have time for Amazon, and you live on the West Side, Thank Heaven for Books-a-Million. Luv it for keeping the pretension to a palatable level, having actual helpful, and knowledgeable employees, and a decent bargain rack! Kudos Well Done BAM!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,11/24/2012,120,222,2,4,2>I went in skeptical, I came out pleasantly surprised.  Wednesday night drink specials are pretty great.  The food is, in my humble opinion, a notch above the comparable establishments in Broad Ripple.  I appreciate how clean this Kilroy's is, even if it's new.  The bar tenders and wait-staff were really attentive during my visit - one server even came around with full water glasses, replacing patrons' empty cups as she made her way through.  Its got lots of comfortable booths and plenty of bar space; I don't think this place even needs lights, the whole bar 'glows' from the plasma screens.  As to be expected: lots of bros, especially on the weekends.  But, this would be my go-to choice when grabbing some brews and watching the game.  Hell, no matter what way you turn your head, you're going to be watching it,even if you didn't want to.  I'm a fan of Kilroy's in downtown Indy, but I prefer this location much more.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,11/23/2012,26,32,,4,4>I'll be back. A lot.I loved being greeted with a friendly, "Have you been here before?" And when we said 'no,' we were graciously offered samples of the various options. I realize this isn't special treatment at Yats, but to be offered it so warmly when this is routine. That makes a body feel at home.And the samples were all crazy good. I couldn't decide and then I saw a half and half was $7? Sold!The Spinach and Mushroom Etouffee (sp?) and the Chili Cheese Etoufee were excellent. Great food. Great price. Great service.Yats, you had me at 'try this.'
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/22/2012,47,296,2,5,2>Mr. Dan's Hamburgers might be the best, most happening place on Michigan Road! I absolutely loved this place and had a 100% wonderful experience here. Everyone was so nice, even the other customers eating in the restaurant, and the staff was even better. We ate outside on a picnic table and it was great. They have some eating room inside, but I get the feeling that most people get their food to-go. I'd say there are around eight tables inside and a bar top, and then the picnic table outside. I ordered two Chicago dogs and an order of chili cheese home fries and both were delicious. I highly recommend springing for chili cheese fries if you're feeling frisky. My meal was about $9.25. My friends ordered Mr. Dan burgers, chili, and home fries, and no one had any complaints whatsoever. I can't wait to go back and try more of their food. They have something called the Big Hoss and I desperately want to try it. I'll let you see the glory of Big Hoss when you go into the restaurant and see a large picture of it hanging on their wall. Happy eating!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,11/21/2012,86,77,2,5,4>We checked out Late Harvest Kitchen during Northside Nights (a restaurant week/Devour Downtown type of promotion where there was a $30 prix fixe, 3-course menu) after meeting the chef and chatting with him at Dig-In.I must admit: I'm sad that we haven't been there before.  It was THAT good!Late Harvest's menu changes daily based on what is available.  Local is the name of the game, plus tons of excellent fresh caught seafood (prior to this the chef was at the Oceanaire).Service was spot on.  The server offered us 4 or 5 wine tastings when we discussed that we were interested in a bottle.  (Bottle prices start in the $30, I think...super reasonable) and the by the glass list is extensive. Additionally, he highly recommended the prix fixe menu as a great way to try several menu items.  See, I really, really appreciated that.  Several places we've been to during Devour/Northside Nights/Chow Down Midtown treat the special menu like a red-headed step-child, which makes you feel like you shouldn't be ordering from it!  It's a promotion!  So promote it!We had some of the best dishes during our meal....fried green tomatoes with crab, potato encrusted trout, creamy polenta, and the signature sticky toffee pudding for dessert.LHK is definitely a 'special occassion' restaurant for us, but I can't wait to go back and try more of the chef's local, seasonal creations.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2012,11/20/2012,146,298,2,3,2>I always rate my Starbucks experiences on the service, because that's the only thing that really sets them apart.  Here, they are nice enough, but just don't give that warm, welcoming Starbucks experience that I have received at others.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,11/19/2012,14,26,3,7,2>I recently took my wife to the Skyline Club for her birthday dinner. I thought it would be a nice change of pace and offer a fantastic view of the most beautiful city in the world. We arrived around 6:30 and were promptly seated at a window seat in the corner. The view was great and you could see everything inside the 465 loop. The atmosphere was upscale and classic with an awesome bar area and wood tiles. The lighting was nice and wait staff was friendly and clean. We both ordered a glass of wine and I have to say that their wine list is very reasonably priced. It has quality names for a price per glass that an average man can afford. We enjoyed several glasses while looking out at the city. We used this as sort of a stall tactic as we wanted to make sure we were there long enough to see the city at night. The wine was finished and we ordered our appetizer which was a fried risotto on a marinara sauce. It was hands down my favorite part of the meal. I believe somebody in another review used the term "manna delivered from Heaven through Chef's hands", and with this particular dish they were absolutely correct. The bread that was brought with the meal was very good but that star for me was the butter, olive spread, and oil/vinegar they served with it. It was an exposition of flavor from something as trivial as the dinner bread. It also went well with my Caesar Salad. I must admit that a mistake was made in ordering the Caesar instead of the Lobster Bisque my wife had, because the bisque was a real winner (with plenty of lobster pieces included in the bisque)!I chose the stuffed pork chop for my main course and my wife had the hanger steak. They were both amazing but the pork had a little more onions then I like. The hanger steak was a tick overcooked but the flavor was awesome and the sauces served with each were great. In my opinion the real star in both dishes were the potatoes. They were unbelievable! After dinner we were delighted to see they had Banana's Foster on the menu for desert. It is our favorite desert and it did not disappoint. It was made beautifully by our waitress tableside and the added Orange Juice was a nice touch. We ended up getting to see the city light up and it was well worth the wait. I have been to almost every major city in North American, but Indianapolis at night is still that most wonderful sight  I can think of and it's even better after a great meal.Bottom Line: The view is the star but the food receives the Oscar for best supporting actor. If you are tired of the same places over and over it is a change of scenery and flavors. The Banana's Foster and Risotto are worth the elevator ride.  It never really reaches the heights of some of the more famous Indy landmarks but it's good enough to be added to a must do list and I will be back during the holiday season to look down to see the lights.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2012,11/18/2012,134,221,4,7,2>The death knell of Agio finally sounded and Ralston's sprung up in its place, promising to make better use of its prime patio real estate and offer something more relevant to the Mass Ave. scene. I'd say it's only partially succeeded in that regard. Ralston's features a nice beer list and decent service, along with an incredibly schizophrenic menu and a bland atmosphere. It's like the place is designed not to offend anyone. That renders the experience of going there pretty unmemorable. I don't really get the menu. They appear to want to offer something a cut above the bar fare that's so abundant here, but the choices seem to lack a theme. It was hard for me to pick anything both times I visited because there were few choices that seemed healthy or, alternatively, worth the calories. Their Indian-themed appetizer tasted good, but was physically hard to eat, with chickpeas rolling like marbles off the crackers meant to convey them mouthward. Although it sounded enticing in theory, the "Drowned Trout " turned out to be literally drowned in goat cheese and raspberry sauce, rendering the flavors indistinguishable and the dish far too rich to enjoy. The cucumber "slaw" could have provided a refreshing accompaniment to the decadent entree, but was entirely devoid of flavor. The calamari seemed fine, but I'd never had calamari so wouldn't be the best judge.While not a sports bar, this place is not not a sports bar just because it didn't specifically choose to be anything else and sports bars are the default in Indy. The blue painted walls, hardwood floors and nice-smelling bathrooms (no kidding!) are pleasant enough, but there's no real theme here. For a nice beer and some chill conversation on a week night, however, it makes for a fine, neutral backdrop.Overall, if Ralston's were a person, it would be someone between teenage and mature adult years -- it basically has its shit together, but still doesn't know what it really wants to be.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,11/17/2012,34,58,,11,4>I stumbled upon this little place after finishing my shopping at the Southside Saraga.  It is a family owned restaurant with a base of Burmese dishes and a sprinkling of Thai and Vietnamese dishes.  The decor is very basic, but it has a decent sized dining area and had quite a few customers on the Saturday afternoon I visited.  The prices are very reasonable, though they were out of some of the sides on the day I visited.  Upon the advice of the waiter/cashier, I ordered a traditional Burmese fish soup.  It was fantastic! I generally avoid fish soups, because I generally find them to taste fishy (as opposed to the taste of fresh fish, which I love).  But this soup didn't have that stale fishy taste at all.  It had a creamy peanuty flavor, and had some crunchy things in it to make the texture more interesting.  Each table has a bowl with dried red chilis , and I used a bit to add some spice.   I was really amazed at the flavor. And it was less than $5.I can't speak to the taste of the rest of the dishes, but I plan to return to find out!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,11/16/2012,5,58,,3,2>Yummy!  The deli is small, clean and welcoming. The staff speaks both Vietnamese & English and are welcoming and friendly. The ingredients seemed fresher than many other similar places. The sandwiches are made with crusty baguettes & freshly-chopped veggies. We had the thit nuong which was quite flavorful. My mom had banh cuon, which was handmade. We were too full for smoothies, but they're made to order with fresh fruit & you can add boba (tapioca pearls). We will def be back to try more dishes!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,11/14/2012,185,178,5,3,5>Ahhh yes! I have a new favorite old place to drink now. I've been here twice recently. The employees are super nice and seem very interested to know whether it's your first time there and equally as excited to offer any historical information about the Red Key. I've only drank beer and one very stiff mixed drink during my visits but I heard from a reliable source that their Manhattan is legit. Besides domestic beer in bottles they do offer a few decent craft beers in bottles and cans (3 Sun King varieties!) Red Key has a small menu but if you can get past their burger then you're more adventurous than I am. This is a hand-formed burger that is lovingly cooked on a grill that's been seasoned for 70+ years. Tasty fresh toppings, too. Delicious!I went to Red Key years ago with a friend and we both made mistakes that Russ the owner quickly chastised us on. My friend asked what beer they had on draft ("I've NEVER and WILL NEVER serve any draft beer!!") and then I asked if they had any drink specials ("DRINK SPECIALS!?! DRINK SPECIALS?!?!") Well, that pretty much scared us off. I was younger and more intimidated then. But, if ol' Russ was still around I'm sure I would find great humor in receiving such a verbal beating from him. Also, a great quote from Russ that our wonderful server told us the other night, "Martinis are like breasts - three is too many, two is just right, one is not enough." (Obviously Russ never saw the movie Total Recall.)Oh, one more thing, I think the jukebox is ultracool. All oldies. Probably most tunes are from the 1940's. 4 plays for $1. Leaves more money for burgers & Manhattans. :)
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,11/13/2012,53,118,1,5,4>I went to Archers on Wednesday because of the Groupon that I bought.  The staff was very friendly and joked back and forth with us.  The place is very clean and they have a great selection of meats.  I walked in planning on spending the $30 Groupon that I bought but everything looked so good I kept adding to the list.  After spending about $40 out of pocket total I walked out with two grocery bags full of fresh bacon, chicken breasts, country style sausage, butterflied pork chops, ground beef and a couple of steaks.  Plus they have a text club and you get a free pound of sausage just for showing up.  Check them out and thank me later :)
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,11/12/2012,32,55,2,4,4>I have a very big soft spot in my heart for places like this.  It is a good, hard working family working together to make food they like that is true to their homeland.  This isn't some tex-mex place, so if you want nachos or chips and salsa, this isn't for you.  If you want a menu that you can't find nearly any place else in the city then head this way.  This is a culture (Peru) that gets many of its starches from potatoes and that reflects in the menu.  The other surprise to me, and like other reviewers I can't accurately speak to with respect to authenticity, is the evident use of herbs and other spices that are almost Italian in flare, but with a unique twist.They have a diverse menu with good deserts, good apps, and a large grouping of main dishes without being overwhelming or too many options to choose from.  I've now been here twice and both times I have enjoyed my food.  The service is good, polite, and fairly prompt.  Everyone always seems happy who is also in there when I have been there.  I personally think that means a lot not just to the atmosphere, but also for how some unique-ish food can land so well on a multitude of people's palates.  I will continue to come here and bring my friends, even the ones who are not so "experimental" with food, as I am sure they will love this place.  A major recommend and this is a jewel for Fountain Square.  It is these sorts of places that is giving this area of town a good feel and a great scene for hanging out, drinking, AND eating.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,11/11/2012,14,35,5,6,3>Somewhere in my parent's suburban Chicago home there's a picture of me celebrating my 16th birthday.  I'm wearing my favorite Faith-no-More t-shirt, and a sombrero; Faith-no-More because I was awesome, a sombrero because I was celebrating my birthday at Chi-Chi's.  The food snob in me is a bit embarrassed to admit how much I enjoyed Chi-Chi's, but boy could I ever eat the hole out of heavily seasoned ground beef, beans, and guacamole swimming in a sea of melted cheese, and sour cream Americanized Mexican food.  There's nothing wrong with that style of Mexican food as long as you do it well, and I think Los Toros is dynamite.  Just be careful when you order, because sometimes you get so much food that it comes out on multiple plates, and those plates will completely cover the detailed drawings of long, dangling bull testicles that adorn every table.  When you take a picture of your tacos al pastor, and upload it to your Facebook, you're going to want your friends to see those testicles.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/10/2012,91,653,,3,2>They probably have the best fried chicken I have ever had.   That's no exaggeration either.  I just came back from Nashville (TN) and Mississippi and while I found great fried chicken there as well, Gray Brothers still has them beat.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,11/9/2012,78,23,5,5,4>Sweet baby Jesús, I love me some La Parada.I'll save you the time of reading this entire review: BEST MEXICAN IN INDIANAPOLIS.Now, if you want to hear me ramble about La Parada, be my guest! I first tried this fine eating establishment about a year or so ago, and it was love at first smell.  The small, quaintness of the place, the aroma of sizzling mexican delicacies, the fact that you had to sometimes kick the owners kids out of your booth before you ate, were all little nuances that made this place great.  I loved La Parada before she said, "Hello," but the icing on the cake came one afternoon when I saw a hand-written sign advertising a special entrée called, "The Crunch Wrap." As I wondered what this menu item that sounded more like a WWE Signature Move tasted like, I saw the price and figured it was worth the try. I ordered "The Crunch Wrap," and out came this concoction that was the Hulk version of the Taco Bell "Crunch Wrap Supreme." Honestly, you know how David Banner looks before he becomes the Hulk? Well, the Crunch Wrap is the Hulk.  It is a taco shell stuffed to the max with your choice of meat, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream, guacamole, beans and rice. It is the Smackdown! of tortilla-wiches. I was so impressed with TCW that I literally told every one that I knew about it.  For less than $5 this tortilla-wich is the best deal on the menu.  But TCW isn't the only great thing about this place.  They have excellent fish tacos, tamales, quesadillas, etc., if you're really feeling adventurous, order some chorizo dip to complement your nachos.  Your life will never be the same! If you smelllllllllllllllll what D-Rock is cookin (get it?), you will try La Parada ASAP!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,11/8/2012,5,42,,5,2>We went Friday evening to have a food adventure - our first time for Turkish food in Indy.  Place was pretty empty when we got there, a few people at the bar, but it filled in slowly as we sat.Justin our waiter is really the bartender, and he was very personable and attentive (humorous as well).We had the Fela Borek appetizer and while it was quite tasty I thought it was a little sparse for $6 - just four thin tubes of phyllo wrapped feta with flavorings.  My wife had the Adana kebab with yogurt, cubes of ground lamb and onions in a sauce on small squares of pita bread, with yogurt.  It had a good mix of flavors and the portion was large enough to make a good meal.I had the cabbage rolls which came with some very well prepared and flavored mixed vegetables (green beans, carrots, squash).  The rolled cabbage leaves were stuffed with a ground lamb/rice mixture and covered with a tasty reddish sauce.  Again the portion was certainly sufficient - I finished all of it but was not stuffed.The bottom line - it is a nicely decorated, well staffed restaurant, and the food is good.  I am sure we will come back again when we are in the mood for Turkish or Mediterranean fare.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,11/7/2012,25,218,10,10,9>Pig supreme, pig utopia. I love TaTa's pork leg entree so much that it makes me audibly oink.I used to think "ehh, pork is okay but it's not my favorite." The #7 dish at TaTa completely altered my stance. If every pig tasted like this, I wouldn't ever need any other type of meat. The depth of flavor, the tenderness, the salty richness, it's a complete experience. The accompanying rice and plantains are a perfect compliment. (Oh, and the Cuban sandwich here is probably the best version I've ever had ...and that's factoring in Yelp-acclaimed versions in Puerto Rico and Miami.)Celebrate pig. Eat #7 at TaTa and be pork-revolutionized.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,11/6/2012,83,198,3,2,2>Brugge is everything that Indy needs more of - local, unique, tasty, and consistent.  I've been here a few times just for drinks (which are reason alone to visit Brugge), but went for a nice dinner with the wife more recently. Actually, first lets get back to the drinks. I'm a beer guy and while the selection isn't gigantic, but they clearly focus on quality over quantity.  Their own brewery choices on tap are delicious and BIG - we're not talking about cute little 5% Blond Ales (i.e. Three Wise Men), we're talking about 10% Belgian Tripels that will kick you in the face.  The guest beers (tap and bottles) are as good if not better - all big, powerful, craft beers that will expand your suds pallet and introduce you to breweries you've never heard of.  Now that I'm drunk just thinking about their beer selection, lets move on to the food.  The two things you need to know about are the frites and the mussels.   The frites (fancy french fries) are cooked perfect and addicting on their own, but what makes them even better is the endless selection of sauces they can be served with (pesto, curry, homeade ketchup, etc.).  Add some mussels and you will be set for the night - I recommend the Jamaican and Cajun but I doubt there is a bad bunch on the menu.  Two pounds doesn't sound like a lot with all those shells, but it was more than enough for the wife and I. With a huge menu and revolving beer selection, I try to go here as much as possible.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/5/2012,33,82,,3,3>What can I say about the Children's Museum that hasn't already been said?I grew up in the neighborhood around the museum, and my parents believe in 'edutainment' so we went all the time. Original Playscape, the cave, Pastimes, Passport to the World- yep, the '80s. Time marched forward, and once again, we went to the museum, with CFX (I made an awesome airbrushed picture and a vase with a piecrust rim!) and a charm school, I kid you not. So if you think "wow, Wendy is a fine figure of a lady" thank the Children's Museum.Adulthood had brought me nieces, and the opportunity to relive my childhood. What better place to go? Sure, almost all of the perma-exhibits have shifted since little-Wendy roamed these floors (Story Avenue is pretty much the last removable one that I actually experienced as a kid, and it closed earlier this month), but that makes it more enjoyable, so my nieces and I discover new things together. I love that Playscape has Babyscape, a special area for the 2 and unders, which my youngest niece loves, and my oldest niece is crazy for the sand and water tables. I have pictures of my girl vogueing on the Barbie runway stage, in traditional robes from Egypt: Take Me There, in archaeological gear from National Geographic, and all kinds of inbetween. The best part- when she asks to go to the planetarium, one more time, or the Ruben Wells train (did you know they had to build the museum around it?) I love this place. I plan to take kids here as long as I'm able. Long may they play!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,11/4/2012,66,163,2,3,3>---I could hardly sleep every night before the fair.  I had a certain outfit I'd picked to wear, my Mom would let me invite a friend, we'd leave early, spend all day, and she'd give me $20 to spend.  (OK now it's $60 a kid)  a great event with great memories for me!!  --but I haven't gone for years.  So this morning it was a "10" weather-wise, it was $2 Tuesday (small plates at most stands), and I had a coupon for a $2 entry.  I jumped in the car early and arrived to find that I had the place to myself (try going real early, it's awesome-no dodging people).  Changes--the backfield had increased alot with good things to see, the food stands had taken over (not so bad, well some are crazy), no more camilions on a leash!!, the midway wasn't as carney, there were some mentions of green living, there was a demo I sat in on that promoted whole natural locally sustainable food, there was a stand in the horticultural bldg. that had spinach salad and healthy stuff (just a choice), and there was jazz, swing, Christian and Equadorian music free on different stages thru the day.My recomendations for food:  (but it was $2 taste day)Around Coliseum-Porky's pulled lamb (mild)Across from Porky's-pulled pork BBQ,On down a little--BeignetsBy the horse racing barns on the last turn-Great buttered corn & rib eye sandwiches!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/3/2012,7,68,,4,2>Wait, how did I miss this place. Wait, I need to catch up Yelp reviews and wait, this restaurant was amazing. They are open until 300a. Repeat that a few times. 300a.  Yes there are time when I fly in at 1200a and sometimes I'm not in the mood for a late night dinner at: Dennys, Peppy's Grill, Steak and Shake (and remember the days of Red Eye Cafe) but now an alternative is available with terrific food.Creative menu and employees (were they the owner(s)??) that were attentive  and seemed truly interested the customer.  After a work day I decided to head to the Fountain Square area (some friends had said new places had opened) and on Yelp this place showed up with great reviews. As soon as I walked in: The environment seemed very welcoming and comfortable.  Smallish bar area (big television above the bar if you are so inclined) and very comfortable booths with real napkins (wow I cannot believe I noticed/remembered that). Started out with a glass of wine from the Chaim Gur-Arieh selection. Great.  And someone please show other restaurants that it make a good impression to make it a generous pour like Pure Eatery. Appetizer variety was impressive and the crostini was very good except the bread seemed a bit too salty.  Cranberry salad was good along with the dressing (on the side (no need to ask)).  Had a second glass of  red wine and decided to try out the Black Ridge Pinot Noir which tasted really good. Decided on the mixed bean etouffee which was very tasty with just the right level of spices/flavors. Dessert was a simple ice cream.Prices were very fair and as I mentioned above the wine pours were generous (lately at restaurants this has been bothering me when you consider the cost for a glass of wine).I'll be back.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,11/2/2012,20,66,11,3,3>I sometimes feel redundant reviewing extremely popular and highly-rated joints, but I also feel badly about neglecting to sing my praises when I have a delicious meal. So, I'm probably not saying anything new here, but I'm saying it anyway!Not sure how it took me so many years to visit 3 Sisters, but I'm so glad I finally did. On a Saturday at 10:30am (prime weekend brunching time), my party of 2 waited about 10 minutes for a table. I was expecting far worse. The restaurant is a repurposed old house that exudes warmth and friendliness. It's brightly colored and nothing matches, the hardwood floors are worn and nicked, and it's absolutely perfect the way it is.My fiance and I had coffee, lemon corn cakes, a biscuits and lamb gravy concoction, and hash browns made from both regular and sweet potatoes (huge portions for all), and our bill barely broke $20. Our server was also one of the most charming, sweet people that I've ever encountered. You'll know immediately if you're lucky enough to be seated in her section.If you're an Indy local, you have no excuse for not checking this place out immediately. We practically live in Kentucky (aka the Southport area), and despite the long drive for us, this will definitely added to our brunch rotation.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2012,11/1/2012,140,444,,4,1>Well, my expectations were high - from my friends to Yelp, I had high hopes.  I generally am a huge seafood lover and the idea that a high end seafood joint opened up just down the road from me, made me giddy with joy.And, up until the entree, I was happy.  The service was a bit slow to start, but it was a Friday night at prime dining hour (8 pm).  Our server (Shelby) was awesome, very sweet and attentive.  She was great with the menu options and allowed me three tastes of wine when I couldn't decide which glass I wanted to purchase.  She guided us well through the appetizer menu and didn't push the most expensive items (though those are what I gravitate to anyway).We got the calamari, which had a Thai twist. It was not too spicy though and very generous (enough for four people for sure - too much IMO for two).  There was just enough breading, not too fried and were cooked very well.  It was REALLY good. I would go back for drinks and appetizer for sure!  I also got a cup of the lobster bisque, which was so so so good.  It came out super hot and was just the right portion that I didn't get too full.  However, this, unfortunately is where it ends for me.  I am a big crab cake fan.  Like I visit Baltimore on occasion JUST to eat crab.  And, I had perused the menu for a few hours the day of our dinner before deciding that I would definitely get  the crab cakes....They were a large portion of two cakes on a bed of cream corn and veggies.  The cakes were a bit bland and the corn sauce was not what I expected. The texture seemed off to me and the cakes were also under-cooked.  Super disappointed.My hubby got the halibut which was dry and overdone. We were both distractedly coming down from our appetizer high....And then the dessert came out (which was on the house since we were celebrating my birthday - THANK YOU!).  We got the creme brulee as I had saw on their FB page earlier that day - as the specialty.  It was a great portion, with a perfect crisp and delicious fresh berries. The texture was perfect and pudding-like.  A little thicker than what I am used to with this dessert but it worked well.  Very good and very nice of Shelby to offer us our choice on the dessert to celebrate.  The chef also wrote "Happy birthday" on my plate, which made it even more personal and special.  A very nice touch.Overall, I could not go higher than 3 stars. I do feel there is some improvement.  I am always happy to drop some cash on a great meal but this meal was NOT great.  It was OK and unfortunately we paid the price for REALLY FABULOUS, which we did not get.Another downside is that my hubby loves craft beer on tap and they offer NOTHING on tap - only bottle and it's ever-changing so the server was able to share her personal list but there is no beer menu.  I guess I feel like with so many beer snobs out there now, this would be a great option, considering the bar is so awesome here!  I would definitely recommend checking it out for drinks and apps but maybe not feel as confident recommending it for entrees...so guys, hit it up to start the evening off but end the evening somewhere you will get your money's worth until they figure out what is going on with the main course.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,10/31/2012,60,619,,6,5>Wow, I love it!  Is it the best Mexican in the city?  It's certainly got the most interesting menu, and the stroll through the grocery store is a treat!  The tacos are simple and delicious, just like I had in Mexico City.  The tortas are spectacular, and so are the burritos.  The menu includes mourning dove, quail, rabbit, and tripas -- which they translate as "guts," which cracks me up. Service is friendly.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/30/2012,93,73,2,2,2>I've been coming to this place for years and love it for its ability to offer a fun setting for a group of people to share great food.  I also am a big fan of the buffet lunch although I save it for moments I want to splurge.There's so many items I love here. First off,  I never leave without having had the queso de cabra al horno.  It's deceptively simple, crusty bread with a dipping sauce made of marinara with a dollop of goat cheese in the center.  I often can talk the servers into giving us additional bread, albeit plain rather than the crunchy, crispy kind that comes with the dish.Many of the classic Spanish tapas are here including tortilla and patatas bravas.  The versions here aren't as marvelous as you can get at some places in Barcelona, Spain, but they do beat some of the places along Las Ramblas in Barcelona, which tend to sell more to the tourists anyway.  The first time I visited this restaurant a few years ago, I swear the tortilla used to be a bit better, but it seems to have declined a little bit in quality over the years. The other tapas are hard to choose from as so many of them are amazing.  You can make your meal as healthy as you want it.  If you aren't in the mood for tapas, the paella here is pretty amazing as is the gazpacho.A trip here is not complete without sangria.  In fact, sometimes its worth a trip in itself.  The pitchers aren't as cheap as they used to be, sadly, but they are still definitely worth their cost.  This place will always be a great go-to place, for the food, for the sangria, and for the cheerful atmosphere.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,10/29/2012,130,709,5,5,3>I'm a bit bias when it comes to HC. The Broad Ripple location is my favorite place to go for coffee anywhere on earth (this is not hyperbole). It's not perfect, but I've come to love its imperfections. So, for my visit to the new location, I was sort of expecting something similar. It's not.But, that's ok, because as far as I can tell its not trying to be. I would say this HC is working at being a restaurant first and a coffee spot second. I spent a fair amount of time there so I got a good sense of the vibe. First for coffee and then for lunch. The flat bread (pizza basically) was good, the right portion and a fair price. The service was very good as well. They have a really nice outdoor area and I'm sure in Spring and Fall and cooler summer days this will get a lot of use. It's not located at street level. Its more inside and on the second story of the enclave of the new mall/building complex. The HC in Carmel is decidedly Carmel in flavor and meant to attract a local Carmelite crowd (for example, all the staff wears a uniform - so its not exactly hipster casual). I hope they do well in Carmel and I'll stop in again. Mostly because I feel like going to this location supports the brand and if they close the one in Broad Ripple I can see no reason to go on living.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,10/28/2012,98,153,2,6,4>I think these are some of the best tacos I have ever had! I was expecting it to be okay but it really went beyond my expectations.The actual restaurant is quite small and does not have seating so make note of that. However you can stand was people watch out the window while you eat. We choose to take it home. Its very colorful inside and they have the menu written on a chalkboard. Its a relaxed atmosphere. The staff was great. They were friendly and super nice.My husband and I both got two tacos each and bubble teas. The bubble teas were good. I prefer a more traditional milk bubble tea. These were fruity more like a smoothie. They also had real fruit in them which was nice. The tapioca was good. Not too soft. There were choices between large or small tapioca or gels which I loved. There are not very many places where you get a choice. I would get it again but next time I am going to try the Thai tapioca pudding. It looked and sounded good.The tacos were just awesome! I got the Tilapia which was by far my favorite. It had great heat and flavor to it. Fantastic chipoltle mayo. I also got the crispy japanese eggplant. The eggplant tasted great. The carrot-ginger-habanero dressing was unique and full of flavor. My husband got to the crispy shrimp. He thought it was spicy and would get it again. I tried a small bite and the shrimp was good and there was that spicy chipotle again that I loved. Id like to try the hot and sour soup next time.It really wasn't priced bad. I don't mind paying $3 a taco. You are notjust getting beans and cheese! Its also nice being able to pick and choose different kinds of tacos. We will we frequenting this restaurant.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,10/27/2012,108,40,3,4,2>I've heard of Sahm's Restaurant from a number of people and haven't ever taken the opportunity to drive to the far north side from the south side and give it a try. Yesterday I was up in Fisher's for an appointment and the client recommended we head to Sahm's. I thought that was a great idea.As I was reviewing the menu my client said if you're the type of person who has to try the pork tenderloin sandwich everywhere you go because you're looking for the best in Indiana, it's what I should order. So, I did.The sandwich also came with my choice of side item, which I hadn't thought about. I was originally going to go with the seasoned fries but then noticed they had breaded and fried mushrooms.Everything came out and didn't disappoint in the slightest. The tenderloin was thicker than most and the breading was a very light and flaky crust that was just slightly salted. The bun/roll it came on tasted it like it was fresh out of the oven and was super soft and delicious as well. The breaded mushrooms matched with the sandwich very well. They came with a side of creamy horseradish deeping sauce that was a perfect complement. My only regret is that I would have loved to have spread the horseradish onto the tenderloin sandwich, but the bun already had mayonnaise on it, so that would have been too much.There was much to be said about the coffee cake, but I was too full to enjoy any for myself, so I'll have to make that wait until next time. And there will be a next time, Oh yes! There will be a next time!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,10/26/2012,20,50,,2,3>RAPIDLY becoming my new obsession in downtown Indy.  The space is cosy and inviting and the staff is super-friendly and knowledgeable about all vino.  Have a teetottaller friend drive you over because you'll want to sample all the wine here (they use a nifty debit card which you insert in a slot which then dispenses the wine).  Great concept which will bring me back for me for certain
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/25/2012,69,64,,5,3>Ok, I'm an anomaly! I admit it! Most women rule the roost when it comes to snazzy footwear.... Not in my case. My wife comes in a close second but I have around a hundred pairs of shoes. Considering I don't dress up much anymore there are a few I haven't seen in quite a while. Tonight my son makes his Confirmation. Time to dress up and dust off some shoes! I Stopped in at Kimmel which is only a few minutes from my home. Usually at a shoe repair shop there is a wait time to get your shoes back. I was greeted by a very pleasant young woman who took my shoes and began to write a pick up ticket. I stopped her and asked if she could have them shined while I waited. She asked the cobbler and he said to give him 15 minutes and he would squeeze them in. I ran to Dunkin Donuts got a coffee and returned and there they were, as beautiful as the day I bought them!! I give kudos to Kimmel Shoe Repair not only for the quick and professional shine but also for the quality of their personnel. Thank you Kimmel for making me shine tonight!!!!!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,10/24/2012,131,130,5,6,4>Kicking it old school at this corner candy shop right in the Monument Circle! A must-see if you're checking out downtown Indy. This place reeks of novelty with its large selection of candies and delicious glass bottled sodas. I was in awe at all the varieties of fancy-schmancy sody-pops and the great selection of sweets to fulfill my perpetual sweet tooth.I went in after class one day and picked up a bottle of 100% cane sugar root beer (Chicago-style!), some old-fashioned taffy, and a couple candy sticks (like peppermint sticks but more flavors - only $0.25!). Wow! That really hit the spot when I went to shift sets and props later that day. Nothing beats the taste of a true root beer in an ice cold glass bottle along with a licorice candy stick. Ugh, heaven!My only criticism is the lack of candy variety. They do have a large selection of new and old candies, but the old candy selection is somewhat limited for a candy store. I mean, we can all get KitKats and Reeses at the local gas station. I love candy shops that have things like rock candy and those little Styrofoam saucers, ya know, stuff for those archaic candy-lovers. They do have a table of Cadbury chocolates though, which was a surprise. Noted for those rainy days and needing some UK-style pick-me-up!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/23/2012,71,190,2,4,3>I love what they are doing here in Irvington, the space is fantastic and the atmosphere is relaxing while being very visually exciting.  There's reclaimed wood and all kinds of unique design elements to the place.  The craft beer list is fantastic and they are just now starting to brew their own beers.  I highly recommend their porter or the green tea IPA!  Go for Sunday brunch as the food is fantastic and they serve plantains with a spicy aioli which is to die for!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,10/22/2012,121,437,2,5,1>This is NOT a first date restaurant.  This is a play in the mud, come with your besties kinda place.  You'll notice the food comes sans utensils.  You eat the food by scooping it up with bread (or taking huge handfuls if you're by yourself or hate your dining companions).  The bread was very good.  Someone else compared it to sourdough and I think that is accurate -- heavy on the sour, thin, light, chewy.  I can't access their website and I cannot remember the names of the dishes, but I do remember they were the #8 and #12.  It's like a Chinese menu -- they take pity on those who cannot pronounce and number all the dishes.  #8 is like a great spicy beef stew, and #12 is more like fajitas.  If you come with someone not at all adventurous, #12 is a safe bet.  A pal got the vegetarian platter, and that was also tasty.  The BEST part though, was homemade honey wine.  It didn't taste like mead.   It tasted like liquid honey.  Amazing.  Fair warning though, don't smell it.  One of the few things I've ever had that smells awful but tastes delicious.  If you manage room, end with the baklava.  I have no idea if it is authentic Ethiopian or the chef just likes Greek desserts, but it was flaky and HUGE and heavy on the honey.  I rarely finish a dessert and I snarfed it in a matter of seconds.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,10/21/2012,193,244,1,6,4>New Palestine is not known for anything out of the ordinary, until now.  We met a friend for lunch here.....she had been a couple of times before and highly recommended it.The decor is pretty cool, with the Bonnie and Clyde theme,  Not overdone, not too cute, just right.But one doesn't go to a restaurant for the decor, bottom line, it's all about the food.I chose the breaded tenderloin, and, while it's not the best breaded tenderloin I've ever had...I do believe it's the best one in Hancock county.  The breading is spectacular and doesn't get soggy.  The meat appears to be fresh, not frozen.  I chose onion rings as my side, and they were absolutely fantastic!  WELL worth the trip here for them.Holly had a Tuscan chicken sandwich and absolutely raved about it.  For her side, it was sweet potato fries, and they, also, were amazing.The service was stellar, and the price was reasonable.  We'll be back.One caveat....with the restaurant fills up, it tends to get a bit loud.  They could use a little sound baffling here.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/20/2012,19,103,,6,2>Pretty good!  We've been twice and the fish seems quite fresh.  We've tried a number of different roles and my favorite is the Naruda (?).  Instead of being wrapped in seaweed or soy, this roll is wrapped in cucumber.  Very light & refreshing.  I haven't tried anything besides sushi but plan to in the future.Beers are $1 for domestics, $2 for imports!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/19/2012,210,195,2,4,1>I love City Cafe.. I usually forget about it though, but that makes remembering so much better. Lots of fresh/local options for breakfast/lunch, but the standouts on the menu for me are the Biscuits & Gravy as well as the Breakfast Burrito (replacing the sausage w/ avocado is a great option for vegetarians!) Oh, also.. Don't forget to order the Cajun Ketchup! They close at 1p on Saturdays which is kind of a bummer.. Well the hours in general sadden me due to my non-morning capable lifestyle.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,10/18/2012,93,210,,4,4>Anything vintage and I'm there. Since I live in the Square and am spoiled but not 1 but 2 amazing vintage stores, it's super hard to get out to other vintage shops. I pass by Minx  a lot on my way to church and every time I stare at the store windows and dream of wearing those gorgeous clothes. So finally I did it. I stopped the car and pulled in. I should mention on the side of the building there is a little drive that has some retail parking spots good from 6 am-6 pm. I always look for free parking.Once inside this place had stuff top to bottom of all sorts of decades. I also loved the fact there was local artwork on the wall. I dig it. I prowled around trying to find something to try on and just to see what there was. There was a selection of newer clothing, more like consignment, toward the front. That had me worried because I came for vintage. But as I cruised around I saw some great finds.Needless to say I walked out with a vintage black lace dress from circa the 50s or 60s..grrr..and bought some really cute dark red pumps to go with it. A nice little outfit for a nice price. I will definitely be coming back here more often!!!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,10/17/2012,49,52,3,2,2>Get the white chocolate peanut butter. It's like an addictive illicit drug. The price is a bit up, but you can't find anything like it anywhere else. You just won't. Then just when you think that you can live without it, you wake up in the middle of the night, discover a rumble in your tummy and you are saddened when you find that you ran out of the white chocolate peanut butter popcorn. And need to find who is to blame.It's also a fantastic gift, but I only gift this popcorn to people willing to share with me. :DTheir other "classic" popcorns are also fantastic. And if you stop at the shop in Broad Ripple, it is tiny. Very tiny. And filled with delicious popcorn! Your nose will know where to go....
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,10/16/2012,295,229,4,4,2>I used to eat a lot of Middle Eastern food when I was in high school. Yes, seeing the Avengers four times and having that babe of a billionaire playboy talk about shawarma kind of reawakened this hunger for this style of food. I like to support local businesses, so Poccadio was promptly checked out. Ok, the bread is baked fresh, but it is so heavy and filling. I ended up throwing most of my bread away. Great selection of proteins and high-end ingredients. I really enjoyed the freshness of the food and the tzatiki sauce was pretty killer. They plan on having delivery, which is a plus for the B-Rip area.$4 for a giant side of meat and $3 for a side of rice with toppings. Can't beat it! Great for my GF/high protein diet!!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/15/2012,265,331,,4,3>My new favorite in Indy! OMG! In an awesome historic neighborhood (Irvington, I love you!) in a stretch of fantastic commercial stuff that I wish I had closer to my own home and tons of fun people watching. Not only is the food delish-- the spicy jack mac n cheese and the baked chicken are standout faves--but there is something for everyone in price range also. Sure, they have the high end fish dishes, for which you expect to pay more, but rather than moving the prices of all the less expensive dishes up, The Legend offers some lower price options as well. Always friendly, lots of local brewed beers offered and a warm sense of community every time I've gone--down to local artists' work displayed on the walls. LOVE it! Truly a gem worth schlepping to the east side for; then digest while driving through some of the beautiful old streets of Irvington.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,10/14/2012,41,120,,3,2>Happy 40th Anniversary, Oliver Winery - looking forward to your next 40 years!    I've had the privilege of visiting Oliver since 1993, and fell in love with the place upon my first visit.   Since that memorable trip, I've been off and on over the years and the winery, grounds and experience just keep getting better and better.   On my first trip, I was still wrapping up my degree and a wide-eyed twenty something.   Our most recent trip on Sunday, I took along my parents and four year old for a picnic and wine tasting - just to see what new tastes they have come up with.  From "Winehenge," to feeding the fish at the pond, to the tasting room which feels like it would be at home in the Napa Valley - Oliver is a gem.   A gateway to the beauty of southern Indiana and an example of a business that is committed to excellence and never ending improvement.  Many happy returns!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,10/13/2012,115,246,2,3,3>Loves it.Cheapish spring rolls, buns, pot stickers/dumplings, noodles and soups, awesomely tasty sodas (OMG get some 'Apple Sidra').... mm, good stuff.Pretty much exclusively Chinese/Taiwan imports...so if you want Korean, Thai or Japanese (or uh, all the other Asian countries of the world) you'll have to look elsewhere. $15 minimum on credit card...so go ahead, buy some more!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,10/12/2012,41,152,,10,9>This is an amazing thrift store. I don't know if it's the people who work for the Julian Center (the great and worthwhile charity the proceeds from this place benefit) who sort through the donations efficiently to only offer the best stuff or if it's simply that a higher end clientele donates here, but I saw a lot of excellent stuff. I came in because I was enjoying a pool day with friends on the north side of town far from my home base and I wanted to go with them out to dinner and the bars later but I didn't bring appropriate clothing. I found a cute floral baby doll dress that was clearly a recently purchased item for $6.99, the kind of thing I love to purchase secondhand because it makes me feel much better about spending money on fast fashion pieces that are not environmentally friendly. I also bought a cute cotton scarf to tie around my head to hide my pool hair for $.99 and a Victoria Secret bra in great shape in my size for $3.99. I am normally not the type to buy my undergarments second hand but because the clothing is first offered to underprivileged women before they go to sale, I figure its not that weird to buy a nice, gently used bra. I also intend to donate some of mine that I don't particularly love.  Donations happen from 9-5 through the week in the back of the store.The prices are appropriate for what is offered. It's not Value World prices, more on par with Goodwill or even Plato's Closet, but you are paying for several things.  Firstly the quality of the items. The barely worn Elle Tahari heals I saw (that are still on the Saks website right now) for $20 is a deal; even though spending $20 on used shoes might not make sense to everyone, but if you understand how much the shoes originally cost and how well they were made, it does.   Same with gently used Seven for All Mankind jeans for $19.50. That is a steal as well. You are paying the people who select the items so you don't have to sort through tons of crap, and of course, to maintain the charity.Personally, I think that the fact that they do price their high end items a little higher than the rest of the things they offer proves that they acknowledge the quality and they put thought into their offerings.  I appreciate that, and even though I would obviously rather pay Value World prices, I like knowing that the money is going to a good place.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,10/11/2012,85,50,,3,2>Seriously. LOVE this place. It's a great place to go catch some live music, burlesque, or my personal fave, NOISE Piano Karaoke nights! And, if there's no event going on, it's a quiet and swanky place to grab an after dinner drink without a huge cover charge! The bartenders are pretty cool as well. Definitely a go-to place in Fountain Square!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,10/10/2012,43,40,,4,2>I have been going to Tuttle's Oarchard since I was really little. I usually go in the Fall to buy huge pumpkins, apple cider and fresh produce. During halloween they have a corn maze and all types of fun things for kids and families to do. It is definitely worth checking out. My mom is a teacher and has taken her class to the orchard for field trips for many years. They have all types of educational tours that are really fun. If you are a teacher around the area you should give them a call and look into it. I know my mom enjoys taking her class to the orchard and she always raves about what a great experience it is for the kids. I strongly suggest getting a caramel apple while you are there! It is the BEST Caramel Apple you will ever have. Oh and everything is reasonably priced, high quality, fresh and the people are all friendly!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,10/9/2012,30,118,3,5,4>If you love some garage rock, punk, hardcore, whatever in a hole in the wall venue this is the place. The dome brings incredible acts on a weekly basis. Basically you walk in, stage is in front, standing room, etc. When this place is packed, it can really make for a killer show.I cant say this enough, the people at Piradical are amazing! The friendship is unreal. The Hoosier Dome is truly the life blood in the Indianapolis music scene. Much love
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/8/2012,24,34,,6,3>Oh. My. Deep dish.I'm a region kid. Grew up within an hours drive of Chicago. So this place feels just like home to me. It's simple, casual, homey, and smells like what I assume heaven smells like. Without a doubt will be back to this place to try the Italian beef, some of the other sandwiches, and thin crust pizza. But the first time you come here do yourself a favor and get the deep dish. It is Chicago Deep Dish at it's best. Honestly, I forgot that we were still in Indy after being here for an hour. Sure you can get some fancier pizzas elsewhere...and if you're a NY style pizza fan this may not be for you. But If you wanna try the best food from the midwest...check this place out. After this 1 trip, I'll tell you know I'm a regular.My suggestion...don't be in a hurry when you come here. While I had no problem with our service, I'm sure some people around will say it's a slow. But that's one of the best parts about Chicago & Chicago food....you don't rush it. You sit back, enjoy, and experience it...then get back out and kick some ass!!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,10/7/2012,87,337,2,4,2>We checked this place out because of the very positive reviews and their "all you can eat" sushi for around $21.Positives:-Fish is fresh-Selection is fairly broad for the "all you can eat", though, as expected, more expensive items like uni (sea urchin) are not included-You can actually get some sashimi in the "all you can eat" package, bypassing the stomach-filling riceNegatives:-Service too slow. Usually I overlook this - especially for ethnic restaurants - but for an "all you can eat" restaurant where I have to wait for them to bring me food so that I can eat all I can eat, it's a big problem-Order fulfillment is erratic. You select what you want by marking a menu. The wait staff takes it to the chef, and what came back was about 75% of what was marked with no explanation for the shortagesConclusion:You're paying $21 for all you can eat sushi/sashimi - something has to give. That something can either be the fish is really sewer rat meat (not the case here) or the service (including order fulfillment) is horrible, which is the case here. You would rather have the latter than the former.You KNOW you're not paying $21 for high quality all you can eat sushi/sashimi with great service. So what you're sacrificing here is the service, which is probably better than sacrificing the food quality.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,10/6/2012,29,64,4,5,6>Vintage range includes retro tees, casual and formal dresses, select boudoir/burlesque corsets, and large men's section (inc. vests, jackets, shoes).  Excellent assortment of jewelry and sunglasses.As well as pieces from other eras, the current retro trend for the 80s was well represented here.  Yes, I grew up in the 80s and could find Molly Ringwald dresses, oxford shirts, bow-at-the-neck blouses, and undergarments that I still consider clubwear.  God bless Madonna.Great assortment of casual sundresses/long skirts from boho beachlife and crushed cotton to small floral prints and sequin saris.  Several denim overalls available for the comfy Come-on-Eileen look, too.Favorite find of the day:  black Madonna-style fitted dress for my daughter (yes, I hoped it would fit me first), giant owl earrings for me, cute retro frog tee for other daughter.  But don't tell her!  It's for her birthday.  For the brave girl who wants something different than the club tops at the mall, I recommend checking out the awesome corset-style tops.To-the-ceiling merchandise, but organized racks.  I get anxious in tight quarters but was very comfortable shopping here.  The Doors music and button collection kept my husband peacefully searching for gifts while my visiting-from-LA sister and I tried on treasures in the 2 roomy dressing rooms.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/5/2012,133,150,3,12,5>I have had an idea for a tattoo that I have been wanting to get for the past 2 years.  I usually wait a year after I have a tattoo idea to make sure that it's not a passing impulse I am going to regret later.  Once I was positive I was going to get this tattoo, unfortunately it took me another year to find a shop in Indy with an artist that I felt comfortable with permanently inking my body. I admit, I am kind of a tattoo snob, and extremely particular about what I like and don't like about tattoos.  Yes, I will judge the shit out of your tattoo, but I don't think that is a surprise to anyone considering how much I Yelp.Anyway, back to Artistic Skin Designs: Fountain Square.  I happened by the shop one day and saw someone inside, and decided on a whim to go talk to him and see what he was like.  I ended up meeting Dane Smith, one of the tattooists who work there, and I told him my tattoo idea.  After looking at his portfolio and being extremely impressed by his work, I was happy to hear he had gone to art school, knew the artist I was referencing in my tattoo idea, and seemed pretty into the idea of drawing a custom piece for me...I was excited.  A $20 deposit later, and I was in business.When I came in for my appointment and saw what he had came up with, I was overjoyed, it was even better than what I had envisioned for my idea!  He explained why he made the changes he did, and we talked about the coloring and then got started.  Dane works very fast and a tattoo that covers my side from ribs to hip was done in 3.5 hours.  He is extremely easy to talk to, and did a really good job making me feel comfortable and distracting me from the pain.  Towards the end, when I was hitting the limit of my pain tolerance and I didn't want to talk anymore, he was really nice about it, and gave me updates on how much more he had to do before it was finished.  Dane was really knowledgeable about his craft, and very thorough about explaining the process from beginning to end, including aftercare.  He is super talented and professional, the shop is extremely clean and bright and welcoming, not intimidating at all.  They use gloves and everything was sterile.  I felt very comfortable getting a tattoo at this shop.  I highly recommend going to see him if you are interested in a new tattoo.  I had a great experience here, and will definitely be going back for more work in the future if the tattoo bug bites me again.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,10/4/2012,17,55,,5,3>I absolutely love this place! The decor and size is modern and welcoming, and the owners are very friendly. The frozen yogurt is also delicious, and the prices are comparable to the other froyo chains. For me, the thing that separates them from everyone else is the bubble tea! It's hard to find a bubble tea place in this city, and the price is reasonable. I strongly recommend the taro milk flavor!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,10/3/2012,88,127,4,6,4>I'm a sucker for a good, local, hardware store.  Better yet, a hardware store that's only a matter of blocks up the street from my home.  Sullivan's meets both criteria!  In addition to location, and the fact that this is a family owned business, I love their staff's friendliness.  Every time I walk in I'm immediately greeted with a smile and a "can we help you find something today?".  I'm also a big fan of their "dog's are welcome" policy.  That's right, even your four-legged friends can go shopping with you for flowers, light bulbs, or anything else you may need!  Ditto others in regards to prices.  You'll probably spend an extra $.05 cents to the dollar compared to a "big box" like Lowes and The Home Depot.  For me, since I'm not buying a toilet, truck full of wood, or any other big ticket items, I'm OK spending an extra $.25 cents for batteries in order to support a local business.Even with my flattering review, I regretfully can only rate Sullivan's with 4-stars because of the parking situation.  Their lot is small, and can be a pain to navigate, especially in the Spring/Summer as some spots are covered with racks of flowers and bags of mulch.  Fortunately there's street parking, but that too can be a challenge when Patachou (across the way)  is packed.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,10/2/2012,60,113,,5,1>In a sentence: Take it from this Indian girl from New Jersey, originally from London, this is the real deal. As far as good Indian food goes, this place is fantastic. Their food is amazingly tasty and they even feature some dishes which are remarkably "home-like" (as in, what I would expect to get at home if my own mother--who is an amazing cook--were serving). Quite honestly, I usually go for the buffet and I am always thrilled. Their Chicken Chettinad is amazingly my mom's Chicken Curry (that is to say, it's so, so good). It's also one of the few curry dishes they offer without cream (or much of it). I love their ponghal (for Gujurati people, this takes like kadi and bhaath, already mixed). Their food is well spiced, delicious, and never fails to make me happy. I have taken many people here, including my relatives from the UK who are used to fantastic Indian food. They have all been very pleased. Try it!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2012,10/1/2012,167,357,3,5,3>I came here on a Saturday night around 10:30 with a group of four looking for a well-made cocktail.  It is located directly above St. Elmo.  The decor was great.  We sat in leather chairs right in front of a fireplace, and had a nice intimate experience.I figured a place like this would also have good service.  The server who took care of my group was a young-ish woman who looked like she should be servicing the street corner instead.  Her dress was too tight and too short.  Her voice was akin to nails on a chalk board, but otherwise she was nice enough.  I was planning to be the DD so I just had a diet coke and enjoyed a few sips of the others' drinks.  The diet coke was flat, and I waited about 10 minutes for her to come check on us to get a new one.All in all, the ambiance here is very nice.  It's dark and reminds me of a speakeasy.  The service was just okay, but the drinks were yummy.  For your money, head on over to the Ball & Buiscut on Mass Ave where the ambiance is similar, but the drinks and service are better.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,9/30/2012,52,318,7,5,6>How to feed your friends and your ego - wait until you are invited to a friend's house for dinner.  Offer to bring dessert.  Insist on bringing dessert.  Then go to Locally Grown Gardens and purchase an entire sugar cream pie.  They'll put it in a nondescript box which allows you to unleash an amazing sneak attack...when the host/hostess asks what is in the box, casually say "oh, just some dessert I picked up".Then be prepared to bask in glory as the host/hostess opens the box and flips out over how great the pie looks. Be prepared for lots of questions about what kind of pie it is, where did you get it, did you have to order a whole pie in advance, etc?  Then be prepared to bask in even *more* glory when everyone tries the pie after dinner.  People will want to know how you found out about this place, do they have other pies...you will look like a super cool "in the know" type of person.  And at least one person (if there is enough to go around) will have a 2nd piece of pie.$16.50 for an entire pie, but compare that to taking a bottle of wine.  Same diff, more or less, and anyone can bring a bottle of wine.  But not everyone can bring an amazing pie. You *will* be invited back.  Trust me.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,9/29/2012,67,81,5,2,2>I can't shopt at Sephora without apparently blacking out and buying way more than I intended. I like makeup. I LOVE eyeshadow and i adore everything bright and vibrant. Sephora has Makeup Forever eyeshadow. That stuff is so highly pigmented and dazzling that it looks like the manufacturers kidnapped a rainbow, held it hostage, and froced it to bleed color into tubes of powder. You just cannot beat the stuff. I started wearing it and abandoned MAC. MAC, i have forsaken you in favor of MUFE....away with thee!If you sign up for Beauty Insider points you get a point for every dollar you spend and a little gift of 1-3 options of your choice at one hundred points and then a pretty big gift at five hundred points. For your birthday you get two free Sugar lip glosses. Sugar is awesome. Sign up, TREAT YO'SELF to some free birthday lip glosses, and have a gas.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/28/2012,29,124,,3,2>Just went here for the Devour Downtown lunch special on Friday. It's been awhile since I've been to a fancier restaurant, but I went in with a nice blouse and casual shorts since it was blazing hot outside. So don't worry if you're dressed down, they don't care what you wear - as long as you don't look like a slob. My boyfriend had black dress pants on, and they asked if he wanted a black vs. white napkin to match his pants. That's the first time I've heard of colored napkin options.Before our starter, they brought out a basket of 2 fresh mini baguette rolls and a large sesame cracker with a triangle of butter. I didn't really care for it since the rolls were a little chewy and the sesame cracker was tasteless like a saltine cracker. As a starter, he had the seasonal soup (wonderful clam chowder w/ oyster crackers) and I had the field greens, seasonal vegetables with shallot champagne vinaigrette. The salad was fresh, but it was the dressing that made it unique. If I had to choose between the 2 starters, I'd go for the clam chowder. For entree, we both had the dry aged sirloin with arugula salad. The sirloin was cooked to medium perfection and sliced into wide meaty strips. It was a lovely pairing with the vinaigrette from the arugula salad. The only thing that needs improvement is the plating. His salad only had greens and I had plenty of mozzarella, roasted peppers, and shallots. I assume I got the bottom half of the mix where all the good stuff sinks down to.We finished with the flourless chocolate espresso cake. It was a very generous slice garnished with sour raspberries and a dollop of whip cream topped with a mint leaf on the side. Good thing the raspberries were there when I needed something to clear the chocolaty goodness. I'm whimpy when it comes to too much chocolate, but it's definitely an excellent choice for the chocoholics out there! In the end, I was so full that I had to get the rest of it boxed up. I should have eaten the mint leaf to rid of the shallot breath. Great service and food. Consider taking your date here for a romantic lunch or dinner.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/27/2012,29,36,3,7,4>During the Super Bowl weekend here in Indy, I got a job and was asked to take out my nose ring.Even though I did not get my nose pierced at Metamorphosis, the piercer was willing to change out my nose ring into a spacer for free, for the cost of the jewelry, which was a mere $8. It was quick, painless, and the piercer was so friendly and joked around with me while she was changing it.They were very welcoming, and it was an overall pleasant experience. Now, if I could only muster up enough money to get a tattoo there, because I've heard nothing but awesome things about the tattooists in this shop.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,9/26/2012,42,115,4,3,2>What can I say that hasn't already been said? If you like Greek food and belly dancers, you should go. If you aren't sure about Greek food, you should go and find out. If you hate Greek food, you should go so they can change your mind. Order big platters and try as many different things as you can.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,9/25/2012,29,261,1,8,3>Visited for the weekend opening. I ordered the pothole burger because I love blue cheese. The burger was outstanding, juicy and cooked to perfection. I did skip the tomato and red onion on my burger. My surprise was the macaroni and cheese. I never order mac and cheese but couldn't resist the looks of this  tempting adult version. It did not disappoint. Cheesy but with layers of flavor not mushy or overcooked. Definitely an item I've always considered kids menu fare but this is a surprisingly adult version. Also, this is the only restaurant that I've been to with the coolest coke machine EVER! It has like 100 different types of drink you can make. Decor is sports bar but the open front makes it perfect to stop in after a ladies day of shopping at Ulta. Next time trying the stoplight salad. Huge portions, great prices, nice addition to this location.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,9/24/2012,10,47,2,2,2>Eat there - sides are free!  Not that you NEED sides, of course, but you can rationalize that they come in small (yet unlimited) portions.  The bread pudding ROCKS.   All the staff is very friendly and helpful.  One weekday tip: check Yelp and make sure they are open before you head over there, because once you've got a yearning for the Roux, the disappointment that happens if you come for dinner on a day they're not open for dinner is sad... but it'll be your own fault for not paying attention (yes, this happened to us).We enjoyed the option of getting red beans plain, or with sausage, or with chicken.  Tried the half chicken po' boy, too: delicious!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,9/23/2012,24,113,3,6,2>I agree with a previous reviewer who suggested that this was a better bar to go for a cocktail and light dinner before the later crowd comes in and it gets cozy space-wise. If you like a quieter bar where you can sit and chat in a small group, not have to yell to converse, and have some quality drinks and small plate nibbles, this is a good place for you. The crowd is definitely younger, gainfully employed or on generous grad school stipends (I know, that's not very many of us these days) 20-30 somethings out on dates or friend nights. It makes sense - the drinks hover around 10 bucks a pop and the ambiance is more intimate, so it's more of a sort-of-special-but-not-like-birthday -or-anniversary-special type of joint. Maybe I'm feeling good about life - let's splurge a little special. I always get a perfect Manhattan (with Maker's, straight up) and they never let me down. The Manhattan is the high point of the cocktail world and they do it right. They don't skimp on the booze either - you will get the warm & fuzzies from these beverages.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,9/22/2012,28,308,,5,2>I've always been surprised that this place is where it is. Just seems so random. Then again, its location allows me to hit this place on most Bloomington to Indy runs.The first time I came here, I was not very impressed. The beer was on the poor side and the food was passable to good. However, I came back. And I come back because both of those aspects have gotten consistently better as I've continued to come back.Black Swan deliberately changes their recipes to improve their beer, as well as add new beers to the tap list. They have a few standards, but others appear often and rotate frequently. And there a good number of beers on tap as well: usually about ten. And there's always a cider on tap, with occasional guest taps. Casks also appear sometimes, but I've only actually had one once, because they run out so quickly.What I love about the food is that they make a concerted effort to use both local ingredients and keep everything fresh and healthy. Last time I was in, I had a salad with grilled chicken and cilantro lime dressing. Probably one of the best salads I've had in the state. The dressing just blew me away: you don't get that sort of bold flavor in the Midwest very often.The best day/night to come is on Tuesday, when they do their $2.50 pint special. The crowd is typically friendly, mostly 30's and 40's, and mostly local to Plainfield or Avon. The bar area is relatively small, with only about ten seats. There are a couple of tables as well, but there's a large dining area behind the bar and a small patio on the other side of the brewing room. Service tends to good (at least in my experience), but they do get busy on certain nights. Especially Tuesdays.For what you're getting - for both food and beer - the prices are very reasonable. You can get out for under $10 per person while eating something fresh, of good quality and likely locally-sourced. This place is certainly one of the better options along I-70 west of Indy, and really worth the slight detour if you're at the airport.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,9/21/2012,35,67,,3,2>We ventured into Thai Taste mainly because it was right next door to Penzey's Spices and we were hungry for lunch!  What a surprise!  No wait, we sat where we wanted and the food was delicious.  One entree of Pad Thai was plenty for two and the appetizers of spring rolls and crab rangoon were fabulous.  Not too spicy and the flavor on everything was great!  Based on other reviews, I guess we went at a good time (Sunday around 2:00pm) because it was busy but not uncomfortably crowded.  The decor and overall environment was very authentic and welcoming.  We will be back!!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,9/20/2012,27,56,1,4,1>They've added another vegan sandwich!  The Welcome Back Kotter I believe it's called. And man-oh-man is it GREAT!!  This place is quickly becoming my new favorite restaurant in the city.  Friendly staff, awesome french fries and an impressive beer selection.  I'm happy to see this place succeed, too, so the Newstand didn't close in vain.  RIP Newstand...
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/19/2012,115,150,2,3,2>Oh... Chunky Monkey you are so tasty. Yup, I finally got around to trying the juice/smoothie bar. Smoothies are great but I really love the juices. My usual order: single wheat-grass shot and beta carrotene juice. It's the pick-me-up that gets me going when I'm feeling down. I wish I had a juicer at home, but this is the next best thing!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,9/18/2012,50,97,4,10,12>The walls that divide the various parts of this city are crumbling.- As long as I can remember Indianapolis has always been afraid to be a city. Every side and neighborhood wants to be its own- seperate from all the others. No one wants to say "I am from Indianapolis." It's always "southside", "northside", "Irvington", "Fountain Square", "Castleton"... One side of town mocks another.The Cultural Trail is stretching out- bringing the squabbling sides of this great city together around an ever-changing (and ever-improving) downtown. No, the Cultural trail doesn't go everywhere, but it connects with local paths, bike lanes, and parks- including the canal.- I could ride my bike from Greenwood to 38th Street without leaving a bike lane, and this would not be possible without the Cultural Trail. Almost every part of the city is becoming accessible by bike and by foot, and this project is playing a big role. It is the centerpiece of a bicycle and pedestrian friendly Indianapolis.The trail itself is beautiful: brick, wide bike lanes, plenty of lighting, benches... When I walk or bike this trail I feel but feel proud to live here- all the businesses along the trail, the diversity of the city, and the beauty of it. It would be difficult to walk this trail and not be impressed with our city.- Many people across the country- not to mention native Hoosiers- think Indianapolis is a bore- that it has little to offer compared to other cities.- The next time I hear this I am going to tell that poor, ignorant fool to spend a day walking the Cultural Trail. If a person isn't overwhelmed by the potential fun and shenanigans to be had behind the doors of the hundreds of businesses that line this trail then they are completely and inexcusably hopeless.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,9/17/2012,211,84,,6,4>Specs are a statement of individuality for most who wear them, and it can be a challenge to find eyewear that stands out from the rest, but doesn't overwhelm your face!  Urban Optiks carries so many high-end brands like Tom Ford and Chanel that other shops don't have, plus they have some really unique local options, like hand-crafted wooden frames from Wooden Specs Studio (made right here in Indy!).  It may be pricey, but remember, "you get what you pay for."  That is definitely the case with Urban Optiks - you get top-notch selection of the highest-end glasses and sunglasses and you get unparalleled service from a small, personal staff.  You'll leave with art for your eyes, and friends for life!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,9/16/2012,49,205,3,5,3>Wow, wow, wow. If I didn't care about my wallet or my waistline, I would come here every morning.  The service was great in that they made sure our needs were met but didn't bother us too much.  It helped that they put a coffee craft on the table so we could refill at our own choosing so as not to mess up the perfect balance of coffee and creamer in my mug.  Although it didn't state it on the menu, the omelets were available in half sizes which our server told us about and made for a perfectly sized portion for one.  All three of us who ordered omelets were completely impressed.  My husband ordered the goose (three cheers for using local meat) and loved it.  I ordered something California that had avocado in it and ohmygosh, YUM!  They weren't shy about the avocado which I know isn't cheap and really impressed me.  Their toast was thickly sliced.  I had the corn casserole for my side and it was down home comfort food.  I have no idea why it took me so long to finally try this place but it will become a regular stop for me.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,9/15/2012,78,198,,5,6>The center of the city. It is amazing. This is one of my favorite spots in the city. I love to bring a book or a snack, have a seat on the steps and enjoy myself. Yeah I wish it was closed to motor vehicles too, but I understand why it isn't.One thing that everyone should do is climb the steps to the top of the monument. The windows are a little dirty, but the view is amazing. It's a heck of a workout, so if you just indulged in some food, or will soon, you're all set calorie wise. That's how it works, right? Yeah that's hot it works.I also really like the lighting of the monument. It's a fun free event and it stays lit up until after christmas. I recommend giving it a try.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,9/14/2012,45,59,2,3,3>This place is awesome!!!!! The owner, Vanessa's passion is so evident in the care and attention to detail she gives every piece. If you're in the market for renting vintage pieces, look no further.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,9/13/2012,33,104,,4,2>Perfect crust accompanied by mounds of delicious cheese and topped with almost any ingredient you can imagine.   It truly doesn't get any better than Bazbeaux pizza.    My favorite is the Tchoupitoulas.  (Chop-it-to-us) . . a savory combination of cajun shrimp, red & green pepper, onion, garlic (woot) and andouille sausage.   I literally can't stop myself from devouring this pizza.    Another sound choice includes the Quattro Formaggio but sub out the red sauce for the pesto.  I promise you won't be sorry you did.     I usually get a side salad but recently have come to admit it's really just a conduit to the creamy basil dressing they have.  Lastly, it's worth mentioning that Bazbeaux has a nice selection of Indiana beerski's on tap.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,9/12/2012,159,60,2,8,4>Disclaimer: I worked here for 5 years. I ate this food almost daily for 5 years of my life....and I still eat it. The pizza dough is made from scratch and is the best around. The dressing on the subs is addicting. The breadsticks...whoa!This is the epitome of family-owned business. Hugh and Sal still work in the kitchen and have made this a staple in Carmel.Please go....and BINGO on Friday nights!!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,9/11/2012,59,136,,4,3>I fly all the time, to many different airports, and Indy's is top-notch.  Which it should be, considering that is basically brand new.  It is clean, modern and well designed.  The emphasis on local businesses and restaurants (King David, Shapiro's, Harry and Izzy's, etc) is really cool as well.  It's the perfect size for the city and can easily be expanded.  As a Hoosier, I'm proud that people will be arriving at such a wonderful facility when visiting our city.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2012,9/10/2012,75,276,4,2,1>We came here recently for a change of scenery after reading Libbie's review. The bar is non-smoking, so that was a plus. The drinks were ridiculously cheap so that's an even bigger plus. $2 for very strong well drinks on a Saturday night when a Pacers playoff game is on. Matthew Lesko probably couldn't even top that deal. The food was OK. I had the fried catfish basket and the fish was actually a bit better than I expected. The breading was light and it wasn't too greasy. I would eat it again. The crowd is definitely older than most bars I'm used to frequenting. An old-timer who was a customer, not an employee, tried to figure out how to get one of the TVs working and ended up turning off every single TV in the bar area. That made for some good entertainment while we ate.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,9/9/2012,89,180,,3,4>This is quickly becoming my favorite brewery. Beer production wise, it's in the top 2 of the city. Awesome branding and art work, plenty of space in the tap room for lounging, having  beer themed work meetings, or just sitting in the bar area chatting with the awesome staff. While their Porter is probably the best beer of theirs i have had, i have yet to have any of their other varieties that aren't also quite amazing.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,9/8/2012,158,135,2,2,2>Does size matter? It depends on what we're talking about here. In this case it has to do with calzones. Just how big does a calzone have to be? If it's really good and a wee bit small is that a deal breaker? Nope!! Not if it's as good as the calzones from Coal!. The "Carne" which I've had a few times now, is absolutely delicious and a meat lovers dream!! I imagine the others are good as well and maybe next time will go with the vegetable.  And oh yeah, btw they do pizza really well, this coming from a girl that has lived in Chicago for 15 of my years prior to moving to Indy! I usually go with what I call a salsiccia-which is the Margherita but add sausage.  The Tarte Flambe is also very good.  So c'mon Hoosiers get your big boy & girl pants on & try something new. This place is the real deal, I've been to a few places like this in Chicago and I am so glad to have a place like this nearby me in Indy. Just don't forget the hidden little gem of the calzones. They may be a little pricey, but they are soooo good!! As far as service, it is good, beer selection great, and just a small observation: when you walk by sometimes it looks like no one is in the restaurant b/c everyone is usually sitting on the 2nd floor. If you like rustic pizza made to order with the freshest ingredients then this place is definitely worth checking out, even if they have teeny-weeny calzones!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,9/7/2012,42,253,,3,2>"I really want to try that place out sometime," I would always say upon passing by 10-01.  And by golly, yesterday I did.  And it was excellent!  From the awesome outdoor patio to the super service to the delicious food, I was pretty impressed!My boyfriend and I had the Southwestern Corn Dip as an appetizer and it really hit the spot.  Spicy but not over the top with corn, cheddar cheese, green chilies, and corn chips.  I enjoyed the portobello sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Two thumbs up for the pretzel bun, perfectly melted swiss cheese and the surprise tomato... and the BEST sweet potato fries I have ever had!  Seriously awesome fries, I am dreaming about them right now.  My boyfriend had the 10-01 burger with regular fries.  Nothing was left on his plate so I can only assume that both were amazingly good.  I also tried one of their signature cocktails, the 10-01 Cocktail With a Twist.  I can't pass up St. Germain and champagne.  I was iffy on the $12 price tag at first but it comes out in a carafe that pours about three cocktails.  Splendid.  Service was great, our waitress was really friendly and there when you needed her.  We really enjoyed sitting on the outdoor patio as well.Glad I was finally able to give 10-01 a try!  I will return soon!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,9/6/2012,26,37,3,7,3>A good review shouldn't be difficult to write, but I just don't know where to start with Bluebeard. Every ounce of press Bluebeard has received is well deserved.  I might take up a second job to afford eating here more often (we went to celebrate our 9th anniversary).  Maybe I should just get to the specifics? Food we ordered:Starters: - Radishes, butter, salt:  Simple, but ultimately kinda disappointing for one big reason: the butter was unsalted, which had no taste. We will try the pickle plate next time instead.- Oysters with watermelon mignonette: refreshing and delicious.Small plates: - Razor clams with garlic, lemon, parsley, and red pepper flakes: Wow. Razor clams of love. These rivaled the razor clams we had in Barcelona. Worth every penny.- Porchetta di testa with radish, caper, pea shoots, parsley, lemon: Good, fatty porchetta. Great flavor. Radishes were somewhat overpowering though, which was unexpected.Medium plates- Sardine Scapece, sweet peppers, mozzarella and grilled flat bread: Damn. Am I really in landlocked Indianapolis, Indiana? These really are quite like the fresh dishes I've had in Spain and Italy. - Pizza of beef tongue, romesco sauce, pickled peppers, oyster mushrooms, fromage blanc and arugula: This was right up there with the razor clams. Tongue wasn't chewy, romesco sauce was fantastic (one of my favorites) and the fromage blanc was fresh. Fantastic flavors.Dessert- Chess Pie with Peaches and cream: The waitress said she dreams about this pie, and for good reason. A healthy amount of sugar, butter and cream. Peaches had just the right about of tartness and firmness to balance out the rest (might have been a little too sweet for me otherwise). Service was great; wait staff is helpful in recommending if you're undecided. Atmosphere is one of my favorites: charming and comfortably up-scale, without being too fancy or fussy.  The best part is, it's a direct reflection of the food you're about to eat.Great wine selection (available by the glass/quartino/bottle), awesome local brew on tap, and a fun and unique cocktail list just tops it off. And $10 for a round of beers for the kitchen? Absolutely. John and Abbi have a talent that they're passionate about, and I'm thankful they're sharing that talent with us! Thanks for a memorable dinner on a special night. We're looking forward to many more....
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2012,9/5/2012,122,723,2,5,3>I'll summarize first, if you're in a hurry:Probably the city's best breaded pork tenderloin. Most of my friends are in agreement about this. One tenderloin is enough for 2 people to be stuffed, and they'll cheerfully split it for you. If you want to kill several hours on a great deck with your dog and are a rather patient person, this will be great for you. If you are extremely hungry and want something to eat right away or hate dogs, steer clear of Plumps. How about some signage? You know, something along the lines of, "The kitchen closes at 9. There is no actual service at the ground-level tables...go inside and order at the bar." That would be extremely helpful. I seriously love this patio, and the food's not bad...but the service is always kinda crappy. Once the lone server (who had worked there for 7 hours) realized we were waiting, she hustled over, took our order, was really friendly, and everything was correct. But we were there about 30 minutes before this happened! Sometimes (at least on Sunday afternoons) there's live bluegrass on the patio. If you're looking for a healthier option, I recommend the grilled tenderloin. It comes with cheese, and I put honey mustard on mine. The fries are thick-sliced steak fries. They no longer have clam strips (which aren't easily found in Indiana), these have been replaced with crab balls. I'm kinda scared. My friends raved about their quesadilla, burger, and fish & chips. There's a "dog cart" with pitchers of water and dog bowls and even dog biscuits. This is probably the city's most dog-friendly patio.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,9/4/2012,120,222,,4,2>I'm no stranger to Good Morning Mama's, no sirree.  I like this place a lot, mainly for one thing: the Java French toast.  Call me shallow, but I typically judge a breakfast joint on the quality of their French toast; it is my firm belief that a diner worth its salt does the FT right.  I'll just say that Mama's Java edition is worth going for; very rich, very sweet.  Pair that with a cup of joe and I am one happy camper.Aside from the delicious toast covered in coffee and french goodness, the menu is pretty well-rounded.  If you're looking for something hearty, go with Boomer's biscuits and gravy or the Indiana Loco.  I've tried the Swiss Bliss and Western omelettes, I'll take the Western with chili.  You get a good portion of sides with whatever you order, I find the grits to be quite satisfying.  One thing to note: things can get greasy - watch out for the butter.  If you're in the mood, I hear the Mimosas go down easy.Prices are one notch higher than I'd like, but hey, I won't complain.  With the bright walls and humorous decor, this place always puts me in a better mood upon arriving.    And the lines can get long, especially on the weekends around 10am.Great place for a breakfast/brunch date or get-together with out-of-towners who want a taste of SoBro.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/3/2012,187,120,3,10,11>I have been anxiously awaiting to write this review.A few weeks back I posted a question the the Yelp! community about wanting to find a place that served sweet breads, the thymus of the cow. My dad had put in a special request for father's day. Of course Yelp! came to the rescue and i was informed that Neal Brown's old restaurant used to serve it. So i decided to contact The Libertine, Neal's newest restaurant, and see if they ever had it on their menu. I was pleasantly surprised when I received a response saying that they did not have it on their menu but the would be willing to prepare it for him. My heart smiled when i read that and the planning quickly began. Once plans were set and we were at the Libertine enjoying their wonderful drinks Chef Erin came out and introduced herself and explained to my dad how his sweet breads were going to be cooked, chicken fried sweet breads and waffles with a side of greens. Needless to say my dad was overly excited! The food was Delicious, not only the sweet breads but everything we ordered! The burger was easily one of the best i have ever had and the pull apart bread was outstanding! Needless to say the service was wonderful and it was such a pleasure to meet the people that I had been working with to make this happen. I have been rambling and that you for sticking with me to the end of this review but I cannot say enough about how great the experience was and how special it was!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,9/2/2012,34,58,,4,2>Time to update my review and recognize some major upgrades at my favorite local Mexican joint.  If you haven't been there in a while, you won't recognize it when you walk in.  They replaced all of the furniture and it is now bright and cheerful inside.  They also replaced the menus, though I think most of the entrees are the same.  And even the grumpy employee has been less grumpy lately.  I'm really happy to upgrade my review of this place, as it is my favorite hangout on the Eastside!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,9/1/2012,47,296,,3,2>I'm not a huge fan of ice cream; it tends to make me feel queasy and sick feeling simply because my body isn't used to the sugar and sweetness of the product, but I did enjoy my experience through Handel's. I had an ice cream sundae, and much to my surprise, I thoroughly enjoyed eating it (until my complaining afterwards). It was a vanilla sundae with more toppings than I could wrap my head around: nuts, cherries, crushed M&Ms and Oreos, strawberries, fudge, and, of course, whipped cream. I think that toppings might be my favorite part about eating ice cream, but I'm sure others can find better reasons. If you want to try some quality ice cream, I'd recommend swinging through Handel's.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/31/2012,34,61,2,7,2>This place still rules for the reasons I originally named.The "Fresh Naan" stand was open for a year or so, and ruled hard. 5 sombrero-sized pieces of naan for $2.50. Unfortunately, it has disappeared as of a week ago. How much this has to do with a elementary-to-middle-age kid running the cash register...I know not. That said...bummed!Things I come here for that I can't generally find elsewhere in-town (aside from other ethic groceries):-Celery root-(Cheap) coconut milk-Thai-style curry paste-Fish sauceAnd of course, some of the cheapest produce around (10 limes for a buck!).
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/30/2012,52,230,,4,2>Family run restaurant.  Quick service. Good food.I am always looking for someplace that has killer pancakes, so I was extremely excited to try this place.  I ordered a cream cheese omelette and it was spectacular!  Of course it came with pancakes which were stellar!  My hubby just ordered a tall stack of pancakes and he was filled.  The pancakes are nice and fluffy.  Great!  I will go back and try something new.  I would recommend this place to anyone who wants good breakfast food.  It was busy and kind of loud but that is expected for this type of a family restaurant.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,8/29/2012,57,152,,4,5>The Major Taylor Velodrome, in my opinion, is the single least appreciated sporting facility in Indianapolis, if not the Midwest. Track racing at its heyday at MTV was a sight to be seen, with racers coming in from all over the US and the world to race right here in Indy! The velodrome and its facilities are showing their age, but with Marian University at the reigns, I believe that with time, it could rise up and become what it once was and really be a center for cycling culture in Indianapolis. The races are free to watch, there's beer, there's food, there are crashes and close calls... what more could you ask for!? Check out their website for the racing schedule in the summer, you seriously won't be disappointed.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,8/27/2012,185,178,9,6,8>Everytime I go to La Margarita I fall in love with it a little bit more. At first I was just smitten with the Fountain Square location. Then, I grew infatuated with their neighborhood restaurant/bar ambience. Before I knew it, I was fantasizing over their tequila selection. Next, I began lusting over their housemade margaritas. To my horror, I began stalking their everchanging craft beers on draft.Then, I shudder to admit, I began pleasuring myself with their delicious food menu.Pork carnitas in chile verde, chilaquiles, meatballs in chipotle sauce, chile rellenos....these are just a few of my favorite things. Plus, a wall of tequilas that will curl your toes and some titillating not-so-common beers on tap.Is this love? This must be love.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,8/26/2012,77,61,3,2,3>Are you feeling "ugly"?  If so, then Bub's Burgers is the place for you!  Take on the "Big Ugly", and you might possibly get to add your picture to the wall.  I opted for the Little Bubs (kids) menu, which was the perfect amount of food for me and included a grilled cheese sandwich, sweet potato fries, and a drink.  At $4.50 it's the perfect price too!  I was there with a party of 15 and our service was AWESOME!  Drinks brought right away.  Our food came not long after and tasted delicious.  And somehow our waitress managed to stay on top of our refills and any extra requests.  She nailed it when it comes to customer service!They also have an ice cream shop.  Pretty sure I'm gonna have to check that out soon too.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,8/25/2012,32,55,3,5,3>This is a great place in the city with great pricing and friendly staff.  They do a great job on my hair as a guy and don't make me feel like I am just the single guy in a girly place.  The conversation is good as well, with the staff engaging but not overly "feeley" making you feel like you are in a gossip circle.  The place smells good, looks cool, usually has easy parking, and gets you in and out quickly without rushing the cut.  Plus, you get a wash and a good little massage!  What a win! Love it!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,8/24/2012,25,218,2,5,2>Red beans & rice were spectacular - I'd come back just for those alone (5 stars)!  Better than any version I've had in Louisiana.TIP: Bring a jacket and a winter beanie if you plan on eating inside.  They keep it freezing cold.  It was 90 degrees outside but indoors was absolute Antarctica with icy breezes from fans.  We heard numerous others commenting on the (lack of) temperature, but our server didn't seem to take our "please turn up the heat" request too seriously.As for the rest of the food, the bourbon glazed salmon was flavorful but just a bit overcooked for my taste (3.5 stars) and the baby carrots were sweet and crisp (4 stars).  We had a coupon for free chips + queso ...they were fine but nothing I'd seek out again (3 stars).  The rest of the people in my party were very satisfied with their meals.  We will certainly look for a return visit to Cheddars when the family is back in town.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,8/23/2012,78,23,3,3,4>I'm really struggling to find the words to describe the conflict my heart is having to review this place.  There are so many things that I LOVE about Bourbon Street Distillery. For one, this place serves amazing food.  My favorite items on the menu are their pulled pork/beef brisket sandwiches.  You receive a sandwich piled with meat on a plate that has any empty space filled with french fries.  Let me tell you, the food is absolutely delectable! (+2 points for the unnecessary SAT word? Thanks) Two, when it is warm outside, there are few spots overlooking Indianapolis with a better view, it is bewitching! (+4) Three, and most importantly, there are $1 beers on Mondays.  Let me repeat that, there are $1 beers on Mondays.  I hear that if you repeat something three times you have a better chance of remembering it.  DOLLAR. BEERS. ON. MONDAYS.OK, I digress.  With those three things, Bourbon Street should have 5 stars.  In fact, even their customer service is above average.  On Monday's, the bartenders are trusting enough that they even allow you to tell them how many beers you've had! That's right.  An honor system.  I wouldn't trust my friend to take a couple fries off of my plate when I'm not looking let alone tell me how many beers he/she's had. But that's the culture of this place! If you've ever been to New Orleans, it is very reminiscent of that scene. It is definitely the Indiana version of New Orleans.  Kind of like the Taco Bell of Cajun restaurants--it does the job, but it's no substitute for the real thing. Now, if they had Big Ass Beers, Hurricanes, or Beignets, I'd truly be back in NOLA! BUT, there is one thing that I am simply unable to overlook. THE SMOKE! Depending on the night, the smoke in that place can be suffocating!  In fact, now that I think of it, this place is the Tim Tebow of bars/restaurants.  There's definitely a love/hate relationship depending on the night.  On some nights, (i.e, if you're looking to partake in the $1 brewskis, or during non-rush hours) this place is a home run, can't miss option.  But on others, holy golden calf, you leave smelling like a human ash tray.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,8/22/2012,34,69,3,3,2>Well, it's not as if you can go especially wrong with cornh-- Woops, hold on a minute...(What's that? Oh? Oh. OK, I'll revise).Flimsy/uneven boards, poorly-filled bags, DIRTY bags, surly staff attendants: event contract cornhole is a veritable spawning ground of disaster potentials! Yet this sobering reality did not stop Indy Custom Cornhole, which managed to artfully dodge each and every one.It was at the lovely Yelp Indianapolis Elite event of June 20 '12. Two rock solid hardwood boards, eight perfectly-filled, unobtrusively avant-garde -- one side traditional fabric, one side (stickier) suede -- bags, a friendly young woman on hand to moderate/encourage/prevent theft, and, um...yeah? I suppose something could be done to make it "as good as it gets", maybe, but on the whole I must say ICC's cornhole implements were as fine as any I have utilized. Tasked with organizing a company party designed to showcase my prowess at beer-in-hand sports, I would give them a wholehearted ring.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,8/21/2012,41,130,2,2,2>This place is right around the corner from my work and a really great place for lunch. Their sandwiches are delicious (both the hot and the cold varieties). I really like their pasta salad and also their broccoli salad. I really like that the cold cuts are cut very thin. We often get sandwich platters and some salads as well as cookies catered into work for business lunches. They haven't disappointed yet. I really like their peanut butter cookies as well!One other bonus to stopping in here: they have ginger ale on tap. That's a pretty rare find and I love it!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,8/20/2012,60,619,2,3,2>At other Patachous, I have always had absolutely delicious food and really lackluster service.  Yesterday for brunch was an exception -- the server was attentive and friendly; the only hiccup was massive confusion between our bill and the table's next to us.  They really do have excellent food -- I have never had anything bad.  I am not a big fan of the "serve yourself coffee" concept, and particularly at this space, there is massive congestion at the coffee station -- which also happens to be the main thruway for the servers to deliver food, for people to make their way to their table and to the restrooms.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,8/19/2012,179,458,,4,3>Firestone is my local mechanic.  They have been taking care of my car service needs since 2006.  There is a LOT of value to be had here if you know what you are doing.1) Every receipt has a short survey you can fill out.  It is good for $5 off your next service, and it works in addition to any other discount.2) Sign up for the email list, there are always great coupons.  Also check their Web site for coupons.  Before you leave after dropping your car off, ask about coupons, they will tell you if there is one out there that you can use.3) If you have an old paid for car like me, the Firestone card will get you cheap $15 oil changes and 5% off ever service.  They also send you additional coupons.  I have never paid full price for anything here.They keep a complete record of everything I have had done for me.  This is real nice and I'm sure the next owed of my car will be happy.  They have a FREE shuttle, which is really just a mini-van.  They will pick you up and drop you off at work for free.  If you work downtown, this is a great service!  Quick Tip: Julie is the best person to deal with.  She is so helpful! She does customer service right.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,8/18/2012,93,73,,2,2>I rarely eat out for Mexican food so I'm definitely not an expert on the cuisine.  I just don't crave the food like I do other cuisines and so I'm not going to pretend that I have any ability to rate the quality of the food in comparison to "authentic" Mexican.  I have enjoyed the food here, though, and have had no complaints about anything I have been served.  As I get filled up quickly on chips and refried bean, I rarely order one of the big platters.  My meal is always pretty cheap here.  The patio is wonderful.  Large and along a quieter side-street in Broad Ripple, its a great place to spend a Saturday afternoon, if you are fortunate enough to get a seat.  This place is a favorite among locals and I have had to move on to another restaurant on more than one occasion in place of an evening here.The place doesn't have a liquor license, or at least it didn't the last time I was there.  There are beers available along with a "margarita" made from wine.  I won't make fun of the margarita.  If its what's available, I will drink it, and, on a hot afternoon, it's absolutely delicious.  Cheap food, great patio, and drinks.  What more does someone need?  Perhaps the 10% off coupon you can score by going to the restaurant's website?
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,8/17/2012,140,444,,7,3>I have to tell you....it's been YEARS since I went to dinner in Broadripple on a Saturday night.  Like at least three b/c I've either been pregnant or just had a kid and let's just say that the Rip on the weekends doesn't really accommodate the likes of anyone who is attempting to avoid alcohol consumption.  Not to mention that although there are lots of restaurants, most of them are just "A-OK," it's impossible to find parking in most cases and generally, I just cannot stand the hoards of people that gravitate towards this area now that I am out of my 20s.  That being said, we were celebrating and in good spirits so we took a chance on Usual Suspects....the reviews were helpful and I'm so glad we did!8 of us easily got a table at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  As mentioned, there is a TON of elbow room and they COULD pack in the tables, but they don't.  THANK YOU!  Service was awesome-sauce.  Our server was around when needed and didn't hover....a great balance.  Food came out quickly but was timed well with our appetizers.The menu is eclectic, original and EVERYTHING I tried (which was something off each plate, b/c I didn't order my own entree) was delectable and tasty....I was shocked at how great the food was when there was really NO ONE here.  Outside, there was the hustle and bustle of a busy Saturday night but inside, it was like a Sunday morning DURING church.  Odd. The restaurant itself has a "cool" vibe....not too obsessed with itself and the decor...simple, sleek, grays and blacks.  Nothing to "remember" b/c I almost don't.  I did think it was funny that the bathroom door had a sign SPECIFICALLY saying that it was only meant for one person at a time.  Too many girlfriends clogging it up OR too much one night sex on a Friday night, that is the question that prompted my own laugh as a tinkled. OK....back to the food.  We tried the Caprese salad, which was divine and light. It was a great balance of their housemade mozzarella and fresh tomatoes with a heavy balsamic that was really delish!  I enjoyed it a lot...great way to start the meal!  My hubby ordered Osso Bucco, their award winning specialty and OH - EM - GEE.  It was aaaaahhhhaaaaamazing.  It was really intimidating when it came out, with the bone sticking up caveman style and all the meat filling a three inch bowl, sitting atop a smooth risotto, but when it hit the tongue, it MELTED in your mouth.  Everyone at the table gushed over the goodness.Another tasty entree option is the Black 'N Bleu beef tips.  My gal pals each tried this treat and I got a taste and let's just say, you DO have to eat the grits WITH the meat, b/c the grits are a bit bland but when paired in the same bite with the Cajun inspired tenderloin, HOLY COW....yummmmmmmmmy.  so so so good.We also test ran the seafood nachos.  The cheese was wonderful but I did think the seafood was just OK.  I'm not sure that is their strength, but overall, I was very impressed.And let's not leave out dessert!  I had the lava chocolate cake and all it was missing was a side of ice cream.  It was soft, hot in the middle with perfect sweet chocolate oozing out.....a perfect end to a great meal!I really think right now based on the CROWDS at people at the restaurants around Usual Suspects that it is the best kept secret on Guilford Street.  I mean it sits very inconspicuously next to Corner Wine Bar, which has always seemed stuffy, pretentious and a bit overpriced to me....and there it is.  A diamond in the rough of a Saturday night out in the Rip.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,8/16/2012,26,124,,5,4>This place is FANTASTIC!  We went to La Parada on Friday night for the first time not really knowing what to expect.  We stepped inside to see that all the tables were full but luckily, there was no one else waiting.  We were seated in about 10 minutes. I'm not sure how crowded this place gets or if it's still somewhat of a hidden gem but I promise that it's worth the wait.The staff was super friendly. Our waitress explained things to us on the menu that we didn't understand.  Chips and salsa were brought to the the table and devoured quite quickly and she brought another basket without hesitation.   There was nothing super special about the chips and salsa but they were still good.The worst thing about this restaurant is that there were so many things on the menu that I wanted to try and I couldn't decide what to order! Two people ordered the shredded chicken burrito, and two people (including myself) ordered the two tacos and a tostada.  I ate everything on my plate!  The tacos were soft tacos on corn tortillas (which I prefer over flour) and the tostada was piled high.  It was served with rice and refried beans.  I added a little bit of hot sauce (because I love a good kick) and enjoyed the entire meal.  The boys got burritos and agreed that their food was delicious as well.  This place is definitely off the beaten path but it is so good and worth trying!!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,8/15/2012,20,66,2,6,4>We're lucky in Indy to have some really excellent options for Thai, and Thai Spice is one of the best. I have yet to find a dish here that doesn't meet my expectations, and I've tried a lot... appetizers, soups, salads, curries, noodles, you name it. My favorites here are the curry puffs (curried chicken, potatoes, and onion in a flaky fried pastry dough), spring rolls, the pla goong spicy shrimp salad, and the me ga tee coconut peanut noodles. The menu is extensive, and it's my goal to someday try everything!The prices are very reasonable, about $10-12 for giant entrees, and the staff are very attentive and friendly. Like someone else mentioned, I recommend starting at "medium" heat and moving up from there if you can handle it. It's also good for groups.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/14/2012,131,130,1,8,2>Listen, if you haven't been to the Midland Arts and Antiques Market, you really need to get out more. The building itself is awesome - an old warehouse on the east side converted into two gigantic floors of forgotten treasures. Everything from knick-knacks to clothes, furniture, glassware, jewelry, lighting (there's a whole room of lamps), and the list goes on. You can spend hours looking through all the rooms of the warehouse. Each vendor space is like taking a step into a different time and place in history. Prices are in a huge range, depending on the item, time period, condition, etc. I've found plenty of affordable products that I would have paid 3x as much in a small antique shop or online.Note: if it's really hot outside, you might want to wait for a rainy day. It goes from charming old warehouse to sweatshop real quick under high temperatures.The first time I took my mother with me, she ended up buying a percolator for coffee and a steel cake lid. She was so excited because everything in the shops are made of plastic these days, and these have stood the test of time. I played dress-up and decked myself out in 40's garb, making her laugh. WIN. Not only is this a great place to discover great antique products that you can't find in the shops today, it's also great fun, making memories that will last a lifetime!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,8/13/2012,122,66,,5,2>I'm a fan of Nawlins Creole Cafe.I loved the food, but found portions were on the small side.  I left feeling like I had a good representation of New Orleans cuisine and wished I had a tad more though.   This restaurant is family owned and spawned from a successful catering business.  Mama Nawlins is always on site with someone in the back working their voodoo that they do, which I've found to be consistent each time.The fried oyster, shrimp, and catfish are always good and lightly breaded with the right zing to take you back to the french quarter.  I've also tried the shrimp po boy on a few occasions and found it to be very tasty as well.Plenty of room to take the family or host a Mardi Gras party.  I recommend the sampler platter so you can decide how adventurous you want to be.  Menu is kid friendly.They also offer Seafood Saturdays and from time to time, they offer all you can eat Catfish.  I would place them as good contenders with the contemporary Yatz or even the "new comer" Mud Bugs (Carmel), if you are familiar with these other cajun-style places.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,8/12/2012,61,83,3,6,3>I absolutely adore Long's. Although I grew up in Indianapolis, I wasn't familiar with Long's until high school. Now it's become a must stop whenever I'm on the west side or near the sister bakery off of Southport.Long's is the type of place that you stop at even if you don't want donuts at the moment. Once you have these delicious morsels in your possession, you WILL want donuts. I had recently eaten a large meal and left a west-side restaurant with leftovers and STILL stopped at Long's on the way home.It's cash-only, no places to sit, and parking is minimal, but it will be an amazing experience for your mouth.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,8/10/2012,164,127,4,8,6>Located on one of few fun roads to drive (so curvy) Spencer Farms is one of my favourite secret hidden gems of Indiana. You pick your own fruits, you chat with the farmers, you can discuss different recipes based on the recommendations of the bakers, etc. But if you don't want to do that, their store has hand dipped ice cream, homemade fudge (oh my!), pre-baked fruit pies and local gift items. It's what I've pictured live on a farm would be - except it's cleaner and more organized.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,8/9/2012,130,709,6,5,4>Flow of consciousness review here...+ It used to be that if you went to any restaurant in the Indianapolis within a month of it opening, you'd be the "first to review." I miss those days.+ Yeah there's no seating here. Who gives a shit. Its a walk up, eat at the bar or get it to go place. I like the concrete-topped bar.+ They have 7 specialty tacos, including beef tongue (star anise braised with avocado crema). Cool.+ For herbivores, there's the crispy Japanese eggplant with carrot-ginger-habanero dressing.+ I tried the carnitas (good) and the fish (great) taco. It may be the second best fish taco I've had, with Nicks Crispy in SF being the best. That fish taco will never be beat so second is good. + I don't get the bubble tea thing?+ They have hot and sour soup with bamboo shoots, mushrooms and tofu as a side. That's just weird in a nice way. Also, "warm crispy banana chocolate egg roll" and churros!In a world where average dominates, its nice to see someplace / someone stepping out with a little color and flair.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,8/8/2012,98,153,2,9,3>We decided to come here for dinner after we drove by and noticed the now open sign. Im always up for a new sushi place. We were very pleased. It was not very big but looked very nice inside. We even got a table by the window that looked out over broad ripple. We went around 10 so it was fun people watching the obnoxious people stumbling down the street We started off with hot sake and gyoza. Ive never liked sake but it was fun to try again. I felt fancy. The gyoza was great. It was crispy and had good flavor.  I ordered three rolls of sushi which included spicy tuna, one with tuna and avocado, and the last was fried with cream cheese and a few other things. The tuna was fantastic. Sometimes with the spicy tuna it can get almost dry. This was not the case. It was full of flavor. The fried roll was also great. It wasn't too overpoweringly fried. We also got the beef sukiyaki. It was huge! We both had two bowls and there was still a ton to bring home. We loved it! The broth tasted great and the beef was tender and wonderful. When I go to sushi places I usually only get sushi but I will definitely be coming back for this. The service was pretty good as well. You could tell that they are new but they were nice and eager to serve you. It ended up being around 55 for our whole dinner but we got a lot and drinks as well. Either way it was worth it.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,8/7/2012,43,146,5,4,2>Places with the feel of Black Acre are common in bigger cities like Chicago, New York, and DC, but this is pretty much all we've got Indy, so don't blow it. Go here, drink the beer, get sauced, and support this place. Here's what's awesome: The decor. This place got it right. The right amount of rustic, the right amount of trendiness, the right amount of light (or lack thereof). It a good looking place.The bathrooms: High end fixtures, and it was clean. Let's face it, when we drink beer, we eventually pee, and dag-nabbit, we've peed in some pretty nasty places. The bathrooms here, for a brewery, are the equivalent of the Ritz.Here's what's good: The beer. Black Acre is a nano-brewery, not even micro, but nano. That means small... really small. So, they also have a full selection of guest taps to supplement their infinitesimal supply of Black Acre beer... and that's a good thing, because I like variety, and (unfortunately), I wasn't a fan of the Black Acre beer that I tried. It was a porter, but it lacked any malty caramelness that I would have expected. Instead, it had a lingering aftertaste that reminded me of cheap paper towels and astringent. Harsh critique, right? Maybe, but I do realize that was their first batch of beer, and they'll probably get better... but even if they don't, I'll gladly come here to drink other people's beers. It's a good selection.The food. Ok, the menu is also nano-sized. It's now up to six items, three sandwiches and three snacky things - charcuterie (that's meat), cheese, and fries (regular or sweet potato). The sweet potato fries are good, but I've had better. The charcuterie selection includes meats from the Smoking Goose, which are pretty damn awesome. Now, this is where the nice folks at Black Acre need to listen to me though. Put popcorn on the menu. Make it trendy popcorn... have a popcorn flavor of the day... because let's face it, popcorn tastes good, and it's a great snack when you're drinking... and because it will keep us around to drink even more. Also, caramel corn goes great with a nice porter or milk stout.Here's what's not that good:The service. They have a couple servers and sometimes the service is a bit slow. Sometimes.The bench seats. The backs of these seats are nothing but fabric on top of plywood. Ouch. A little foam would've been nice. Maybe some pillows. Yes, pillows... definitely pillows. Because we all like to lounge about as we drink beer and eat popcorn.Now keep in mind, that even with all the things I wish this place did better, I still give it four stars, and I'll even admit that I'm hard to please.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,8/6/2012,70,136,,3,3>So glad I made it out to the complementary Bar Effect class with Yelp last night! Amy has to be one of the best instructors I have had in Indy. She was energetic and knowledgeable. I love it when an instructor will correct your positioning without calling you out. Just a simple tap on the shoulder to tell you you are about to break your neck is always appreciated. The class was a yoga/pilates/bar combo which worked muscles you might not remember you had. I don't think I did a good job of "listening to my body" like Amy kept reminding us. Maybe my legs shaking uncontrollably by the last set should have been a hint ... but today I feel like I got hit by a bus, an awesome kick-ass bus, but OUCH nonetheless! I think I will end this review here as even typing is too much movement today ... does this mean I am out of shape? Damn.I will definitely be looking to take more classes here in the future. Thanks Amy & Invoke studio!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,8/5/2012,210,195,3,4,4>Excellent service, maybe the friendliest I've received.. ever.  The food was average diner food, but it was exactly what I wanted and expected. I really visited for the Addams Family pinball machine which is way radical and offers 3 plays per dollar!I will return soon!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,8/4/2012,121,437,,6,1>If your read pretty much ANY of the other reviews from my fellow Yelpers, they will all tell you the food is delish, so I am going to review something some of you might think nothing about but is oh-so-important  -- sanitary conditions!I was one of the grillers at their annual Eggfest, and I was so impressed with how clean they kept everything.  I am a total germaphobe and get food poisoning so easily, so it is always wonderful to see a really clean culture with a place.  First, they let me use their "employee only" restroom, and it was as clean as the one in my own house.  Woo!  Second, they made EVERY griller follow Dept. of Health safety protocols when cooking, including wearing gloves, a hat or hairnet, and close toed shoes.  Also, they only brought out meat in half-hour portions so it never set out in the heat.  Finally, our hand washing stations had actual hot water.  I probably sound so lame for pointing all this out, but if you read some of my reviews of other places, you will see that food served to me is a magnet for hair, bugs, and undercooked poultry.  It is so nice to know that if you come here, the food will be delicious and prepared in an environment even cleaner than your own house (yes, I skip the hairnet at home).
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/3/2012,10,92,2,3,2>I can't believe I dismissed this place for so long, when I work just down the road. My god, so many bowls of pho I've missed.I love this place. It's incredibly cheap chinese food, but it's always good quality. The service is amazingly great. When I feel like cheap chinese, their $3.99 lunch specials cannot be beat - entree, rice, soup, egg roll. The hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had. This was also my introduction to pho, that steaming bowl of amazingness. It's such an incredibly comfort food, and I'm enjoying stopping in at Eggroll every week or so and trying a new one. I have no frame of reference to be honest, but I know that I'm enjoying the hell out of everything they give me. Now I'm starving. Crap.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,8/2/2012,93,210,4,7,5>Thanks so much to Kimmi who suggested I go here and Haley who chopped my hair back off!!! I came on a Saturday for a noon appointment, I only scheduled on Weds. so that was nice not to have to wait awhile to get in. I was greeted by a lovely receptionist who had me fill out some paperwork about my hair etc etc.Once Haley was done with her customer she took my coat and hung it up, gave me a tour of the renovated building, which has a wonderful history and is super adorable!! She explained all cuts get a chair massage and mini facial.WHAT?! A massage?!!! Since my hubby lacks those back rubbin' skills I was pretty excited. Other than that, Haley looked at the photos I brought in (I had a power point slide-overdone? maybe. but whateves.). She and I discussed my hair and my recently ok haircuts and my lack of commitment on growing out my hair. So we decided to go sexy soft pixie. She spent some serious time and concentration on making my hair look a-mazing.So thanks to Haley for the awesome 'do and to the staff who chatted with my about the Super Bowl while I got my four inches chopped off. I will definitely be back, that back rub felt g-e-w-d, gewd.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,8/1/2012,49,52,,8,2>The Indianapolis Zoo is pleasantly surprising. It doesn't compete with places like San Diego, but it really doesn't need to. The variety of animals is extensive, with polar bears, giraffes, rhinos, tigers, and bears (oh my!), monkeys, meercats, on and on. It's a great place to spend the day and definitely check out the dolphin show (which is included in the ticket price), and the shark petting area (yes, you read that correctly). The shark petting area is actually one of my most favorite, just watching them can be entertaining. Then also the walrus likes to put on his own show once in a while. In case you happen to go on a hot day, be sure to bring a change of clothes for the kids. There is a splash pad where they can go to cool down, a creative solution I think.. Maybe go to the splash pad after the petting area since, let's face it, some animals just smell, like, well animals. Then the more hidden but obvious gem would be the White River Gardens. It's included in the ticket price and you can see butterflies, wonderful flowers, and the grounds outside of the greenhouse are quite pretty and usually seem to be missed by many people since it's never very full. A day at this zoo is well worth it.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,7/31/2012,41,152,2,5,5>Last night marks a milestone for me, my first night at the Drive In theatre.  I don't know how it took me a quarter of a century to get to one, but I am damn happy I finally made it.  Well, I do kind of know, it's not like these are super easy to come by these days and that is unfortunate because the place is great.  So many screens and so many movie watching opportunities, and a good variety of films being showed at once as well.   The movies we saw... not so much.  A double feature of Savages and Ted on a Monday night.  (Moonrise Kingdom is unfortunately not a Drive-in option at the moment).  This is a review of the theatre and not the films so I won't even go there, save to say that I was glad we only paid $10 a piece to see both.    I will say that I liked that they put the R - rated films were on the same screen so we didn't have to relocate between films and there were no kids playing about in our little area.I was so impressed to see so many people out on a Monday night, I even ran into someone I know.  I bet the place is crazy on weekends, but in a good way.  For me I think the week is the way to go.  I love that the weekend gives you the option to watch three films for the entree fee of $10 a person (!!!) but personally that is a little much movie watching for me.Now, one thing I have to say is, that some of the food was less than stellar.   i was adamant about buying everything (but the beer) there for our first time because I realize that is how they make the money that sustains this place but ick.  The pizza was gross and the other option of sandwiches looked even worse.  This was okay for me because pizza is pizza no matter what but the picky gourmand of an old man was not pleased with me for this choice.  Next time I am gonna bring my own main course (I will pretend it will be something local and good but its highly likely to be a White Castle crave case) and stick to the popcorn, candy, soda, and soft pretzels at the concession stands.   The prices of these items (save for the soft pretzel - a tasty value at only $2.99!) hurt a little, but they are low in comparison to the big box movie theatres, and again, they keep this place in business.  And they are tasty.  So buy them!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,7/30/2012,24,34,3,1,3>Mmmm, pizza. In my opinion there can never be too many pizza joints in this town. I think the biggest part of Thr3e Wise Men is supposed to be the wide range of brews that they have...but considering I don't drink, I'm just going to have to skip over that. But the pizza was pretty yummy. We tried something a little different "Basil Bunny Bruschetta" pizza. Marinara, smoked chicken (from Smoking Goose), tomato, fresh basil, mozzarella and parmesan cheeses, snow bunny blonde balsamic glaze (no idea what this is, but it was delicious). I would have this pizza again in a heartbeat. After we were finished I regretted not getting a bigger one so there would be some to take with.The seating here is a little different than most restaurants. it's "community" seating, so unless it's completely dead, you'll probably have to sit next to some strangers...but strangers in this town aren't so strange.I do have one complaint. There was a family that sat at the same table that we did last time I was here. Apparently, if you're under a certain age, they let you have a ball of pizza dough to roll out and play with. How unfair is it that I'm too old for this?! Yes, I was a little bit jealous of an 8 year old.... Although I may or may not have slid the tray away after they left and played with it a little....I'm not saying.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,7/29/2012,30,118,2,3,3>Wanna turn on your lady killin charm without killing your bite size wallet? I would highly suggest this place. The bread and homemade chips are amazing, and the place has an great environment. I took my fiance out to eat here as part of my nightlong throw down before proposing. She loved it and also loved her some Chris B. Number one suggested item, get the The Cajun Cubano. Comes with Smoking Goose Andouille Sausage, City Ham, Caramelized Onion, Creole Mustard  and Pickle. Sandwich is mean like a lion after the flesh of a gazelle! ROAR( you can here me asserting myself over the pride this very moment, my roar is so mighty.)
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,7/28/2012,29,64,,4,4>Pure's tagline doesn't lie: Fresh, honest food.  The atmosphere & food at Pure makes it a real Fountain Square treasure.  Don't be fooled by tiny storefront - step in and be transported.Fresh, hip vibe with large quality artwork on display. Choose comfy sofa, cozy tables, roomy booths.  The tables & lighting in the newly renovated back area are perfect for a casual business lunch.  Tasty, healthy food and room to spread out reports or laptop.My favorites include a crisp Cucumber & Sprouts sandwich and the Dijon Tarragon Chicken Salad Sandwich. Chicken salad pairs well with Fountain Square Brewery's Hop for Teacher pale ale. Hummus with pita triangles served warm, fresh homemade flavor, not packaged.  Breakfast tacos sound good but are only available from 11am to 4pm.Good selection of local brews change with the seasons:  SunKing, Ranger IPA,etc.  Sunday special on our visit was SunKing for $2.75.  High quality Martini cocktails (think Nicky Blaine's) pack the same flavorful punch but at half the price.  Specialty wines from Dr. Gur-Arieh - be sure to read menu for all the cool products he was part of developing before turning vintner...Tired of sliding through a drive-thru in the wee morning hours? The late night menu's served until 3am and includes soup, shrimp cocktail, bite size coldcut sandwiches, LICK ice cream, and a homey dry cereal mix.  Relaxing option for wrapping up a long night out with friends.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,7/27/2012,115,246,1,5,3>La Casa exclusively offers seafood items. I'd never been to a Mexican place like this before, and I'm super happy I went. Going in we were realllllly skeptical as this location changes names...A LOT. (Still missin' ya, Caracas Arepas!) Also there were not a lot of reviews online, and we all know how easy seafood is to get wrong. Anyway screw logic and eat here! Here's why:The service: really friendly waitstaff who are bilingual and knowledgeable about the menu. Our waters (and beers) were always full and the staff wanted feedback on everything we ordered. Super attentive and super nice people.The atmosphere: casual and beachy. It's a strip mall restaurant but there's lots of windows and character inside. Music was loud but seemed appropriate.The food: For apps we ordered Shrimp Ceviche, guacamole, and oysters on the half shell (ostiones frescos en su concha). The ceviche was super fresh and super tasty. It was like pico de gallo with equal parts shrimp. I've certainly had better ceviche...but that was on a beach. We were craving ceviche and La Casa delivered! The guac was OK -- fresh but not bursting with flavor like I like. The oysters, however, were perfect. Comparable to pricey sushi bars or steakhouses in Indy, I dare say.As entrees we shared Molcajete Korita (seafood stew served in a hot stone bowl), Filete Relleno, and a fish taco. Skip the tacos...they're just OK. The Filete Relleno was good...but I'm not one to mix cheese with seafood. The Filete Relleno comes with a bunch of fries, which were surprisingly tasty.However, if you love seafood at a good cost, order the Molcajete Korita! Good lord, it was tasty. In the hot stone bowl was succulent crab legs, clams, shrimp, scallops, and oysters. Probably some other fish I couldn't translate, too. Everything in the bowl was cooked perfectly and seasoned uniquely.  Between three people we could not finish it. Really tasty for an Indiana Mexican seafood restaurant. Free stuff: Loved their take on chips and salsa: here it was pico de gallo with tostadas. You also get a sample of soup with a big ol' shrimp (I guess?) in it. Mine was cooked perfectly and basically set the tone for the meal. Authenticity: No idea. I've been to Mexico, but only to touristy places. Judging by the clientele, however, I'd say this place resonates well with those seeking authentic Mexican food (ie not gringos who love stupid TexMex). La Casa appears to be doing just fine despite no big online presence. On the Saturday night we went in, there were maybe 2 tables not occupied. In closing: tasty food at a good price, and I don't know any other restaurant that sells this kind of food in Indy. It's not seafood that's going to change your life, but check it out!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,7/26/2012,195,303,3,2,7>Dear Indianapolis,Thank you for being so, so much more than I ever expected. You were our "compromise" city, and quite frankly, since where I wanted to be was Chicago, I really felt like I was getting less of a compromise a more of a scam.  I've now lived here full time for four years and something magical has happened. I DON'T HATE IT HERE! In fact, I even kind of like it.  I'm not in love with you the same way I'm in love with Chicago, but I do feel that you are trying to court me with your friendly people, your new smoking ban, your killer beer, and the new restaurants that you are opening all the time.  You must know that good food and booze are the keys to my heart.  You are growing up, Indy, and you have fun places that I now like to show off to my friends who come into town from Chicago.  Hell, I'm excited and proud to show off some of these neighborhoods to these friends!  You are walkable and bike-able.  If you only had some reasonable public transportation and I knew I could drink as much of that great Indianapolis beer as I wanted without having to drive anywhere, that 5th start might be able to be there and my "like" might be able to change to "love".  GET ON IT WITH THE TRAINS ALREADY!In Like,Heather
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,7/25/2012,295,229,2,2,2>Great location for a dinner to get away from the people who put the bro in Broad Ripple. I always have a great meal at Canal Bistro. Always start with the homemade sangria, and when offered a side for your sandwich, always get the garlic fries. You can also ask for feta on the fries if you are indeed awesome. They do all typical Mediterranean food, gyros, shwarma, lamb, appetizers. I've tried a variety of dishes and always have enough left over to eat the next day. The oil and spices pita appetizer you get at the table is totally flavorless and I don't understand why it's still a thing. Do I eat it? Yeah, well I'm always starving. The waiter service can be a bit slow, but you should be taking your time. Enjoy the view, don't be startled by the crazy ducks in the canal, and sip on that sangria!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,7/24/2012,60,113,,2,4>I am a big fan of H2O Sushi. I've been there a couple times in the past month and both times made me question why I don't go way more often.From start to finish, it's all really inspiring and well-done. First, the cocktails are really amazing. They have one called "Ginger Not Mary Anne" that I just love. It's a ginger-lemon concoction that is just delicious. I'm kind of a lightweight when it comes to alcohol, but the rest of the cocktails on the menu looked equally interesting and quaffable. I was interested, but I had to drive home!The appetizers are also really, really good. The pork bun is so, so good (it's sharable if you're not very hungry, but if you're starving--or you really like pork belly...get one per person). Also, they are doing something I've never seen before with edamame--they're serving them marinated in one of two different sauces. I've always gotten the Suzy which has jalapenos, cilantro, and soy. Let me just tell you...if I had ONE less manner, I would lick the bowl. I'm not kidding. They're addictive. It's the kind of taste you dream about later in the week. Don't let the jalapenos scare you...these are totally not spicy.For the main, I always do one of their awesome sushi rolls. They had a special Lin roll which I loved, but it's not a regular. They had a Koream Bibimbap that I really wanted to try the last time I was in, but I was already full from lots of appetizer.Okay, dessert. Please, please leave room. The shagbark cookie (they serve two and are huge, definitely sharable) is one of the best I've ever had. And it's served with espresso whipped cream. They also have a selection of gelatos and sorbets that change frequently and are unusual and the perfect ending to a wonderful dinner.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,7/23/2012,17,55,,4,2>I love this place!! We found out about it from Groupon, and the restaurant was almost full when we went (a lot of people seemed to be using Groupons too), I'd suggest making reservations. The space is kind of tight, but fine if you get a booth. On a side note, I really enjoy the little things/details that make each restaurant unique- they had folded the straw wrapper into a rose and placed it back on the straw for the thai iced tea and folded the napkins in a neat way.The food took forever to come out, but it was worth it. The thai iced tea was delicious! We had the mango curry which was excellent and the pad thai. Both were cooked perfectly, and so far, we thought this place has the best pad thai in the city.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,7/22/2012,88,127,,4,4>If you're looking for phenomenal French-inspired baked goods, then Rene's is the place for you!  I'm a big fan of their croissants, be it the traditional, almond, or chocolate, I love them all!  I also recommend the macaroons (made the way they're suppose to be made) and the ginger molasses cookies.If you're not a fan of sweets, Rene's has a great selection of breads.  My wife an I are partial to the garlic parmesan baguettes.If you're not able to make it to their location tucked behind La Piedad, you can also find their delicious treats at Monon Coffee Company.  They also operate a booth at the Broad Ripple Farmers Market and the Winter Farmers Market in downtown Indianapolis.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2012,7/21/2012,167,357,3,5,1>Pros: If you're a first timer they let you sample the food, Moroccan food quick Cons: Lacks flavor, only have canned and bottled drinksThis place has been on my radar since it opened, and when my boyfriend bought a Groupon for two plates here I was a happy camper.  I love a good shish plate, so I was looking forward to trying this place out.  However, I was pretty underwhelmed and disappointed by the flavor of the food.  I'm used to my Moroccan being juicy and flavorful.  This was not.When we arrived, the woman working the counter asked us if it was our first time here.  It was, so she generously gave us a sample platter containing almost everything on the menu for us to try out.  It was so much food!  We sampled everything, and made our choice: two plates, one chicken and the other one kafta.  This place is sort of like a Subway in that you can pick and choose what you want, and it's made just for you.  I really liked that!The saffron rice tasted quite bland.  Saffron is a delicious and vibrant spice, and I could not detect it in the rice at all.  The chicken was simply grilled, and did not taste marinated or flavorful.  The beef was quite good, and I wished I had gotten that on my plate instead.  Hummus was lackluster, and pita was burned and seemed store bought.   This did not stop me from eating, and overall enjoying, my meal.  I would have loved more flavor, but I can see how they might have to dial down the intensity for their average customer.  Bring on the flavor I say!I also wished they had fountain drinks instead of a fridge with cans.  Just a personal preference.All in all, if you want to dip your toe into Moroccan food give this place a try.  However, I'd recommend Egyptian or LAVA down the street for similar food with more flavor and spice.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,7/20/2012,71,190,,2,3>I love hitting up Mass Ave Pub, especially after going smoke free!  The selection of craft beer is fantastic and the atmosphere is really relaxed.  They also have a great trivia night which is awesome to just hang out and have a few rounds while enjoying the quirky categories (the Goonies, really?)!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,7/19/2012,133,150,3,10,5>Went with some coworkers to "skyjam" - the 10pm- midnight session for ages 16 and up.  Mind you most of my coworkers are around 25 years old, I'm a little older than that...we were the oldest people here.  Most people were from 16-20.  I expected this.  But I am giving fair warning cause it can feel a little weird at first.  Then you start bouncing around and don't really care anymore because it is SO. MUCH. FUN.You can purchase bounce time on the Skyzone website for 30, 60 or 90 minutes and print your tickets ahead of time, which is a good idea because if a time slot is full when you go, they won't let you bounce.  When you get there they give you shoes you have to wear in the trampoline area, kind of like a bowling alley, but they are more like high top wrestling shoes than the ones you get bowling, probably for ankle support.  There are 4 areas of trampolines:  the dodgeball area, a basketball dunk area with two hoops, one at (i think) regulation height and one that is higher up than that, a foam pit that you can bounce off a trampoline and flip into (which is totally fun, but it's kind of hard to climb out of the foam pit!)  and lastly, a giant freestyle trampoline room where you can bounce and somersault and flip til your heart is content.  There is even trampolines on the walls to bounce off of.Even though this is a business targeted at kids, I had a GREAT time here.  Bouncing on a trampoline is fun and nostalgic and joyful...and a great workout - I was a little sore the next day.  Totally worth it though.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,7/18/2012,123,216,3,3,2>I have a great relationship with the library.  I get online, request CDs, they deliver them to the very conveniently located Fountain Square Branch, I pick them up, usually keep them for too long, return them, and pay a late fee.  The paying part sucks, but it's part of our relationship and I like to think that my late fee payments have helped to sustain the Fountain Square library and it's programs.  Yup, we have something good going here.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/17/2012,67,81,8,2,1>5 stars because the guy in front of me at check out was carrying a bunch of redbull and a stack of trojan condoms.Good on ya, lasagna! Good on ya.Also, I don't have health insurance and they do a store discount on generics if you ask, so I dig that.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,7/16/2012,125,230,4,5,4>Shut the front door! The backyard bbq spud is incredible! A baked potato stuffed with pulled pork bbq, broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, cheddar cheese sauce, shredded hot pepper cheese and crispy crumbled bacon, sour cream, and butter. It  is certainly big enough to share, but if you are like me there is no way you will let one bite get away. I was assuming the menu was all potato based, but they also have a BLT, chili, quesadilla, salad, and soup. Total comfort food that is made simply, straight forward, and delicious.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,7/15/2012,111,194,2,5,3>I made a long-awaited return visit to Locally Grown Gardens the other day after spending 15 minutes listening to my friends rave about their oranges.  Seriously, special oranges?  The oranges are from Citrus River, Florida.  They have seeds - they are non-GMO - and a lighter, sweeter, less acidic flavor than the oranges you might get at Fresh Market.  I got a grapefruit which was less sour than the usual grapefruit.  Then some eggs from local chickens that are fed bugs (these eggs have more yellowy and richer yolks than vegetarian chickens, which are fed corn).  A pomegranate ginger beer.  And a free reggae CD which we promptly listened to in the car.Their selection is too small for me to do all of my grocery shopping and it is pricey (the other day I paid $24 for a few oranges, a couple of grapefruits, a head of cauliflower, a few stalks of asparagus, a ginger beer and a lemonade), but still I find myself going back for the quality and the sheer pleasure of soaking in the delightful vibe which reminds you to slow down and smell the flowers.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/14/2012,23,124,3,3,3>Still some of Indy's best BBQ.I hit the jackpot -- a buffet at lunch!! Seriously, I can now die happy. Second ONLY to the pulled pork was the pulled chicken. Both are moist, tender, & flavorful. Sides are good too -- I'd write home about the corn casserole (I have, actually...don't judge...no pun intended).Anyway, hit up Judge's for lunch. As always, IUPUI folks enjoy a 10% discount & there's plenty of parking via a lot out back.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2012,7/13/2012,29,36,,3,2>My boyfriend and I decided to come here after riding around the city for a bit and working up an appetite. We were around the Canal, so we decided to give Creation Cafe a shot. We rode around the building searching for a bike rack, but alas, there was none. So, we locked up to the canal gate and hoped the bikes would be fine.The hosts were very friendly and we were seated right away. We asked for the patio and they tried to seat us directly in the sunlight. I love being outside, but I felt like I was getting a sunburn THROUGH my shirt. So, we asked to move, and they didn't seem to mind.When we sat down, we both made a remark about how we've only heard bad things about the service here, but we are both low maintenance diners, so we didn't let it bother us.What else goes great with a long bike ride? Beer. Their Wine & Beer menu is pretty great, but it is a little pricey (broke college student inside me talking). $9.00 for a Fat Tire? Yikes, No thanks! So, I stuck with a Bell's Two-Hearted IPA.We both had the black bean burger and a side salad. The first bite of my salad was on the warm side, but luckily that was the only warm bite, aside from my burger, of course. As a non-meat eater, I was stoked to see the black bean burger on their menu. The avocado was a great touch, but it would have been a little less bland if they added mayo. Unforunately, this hadn't dawned on me until I was down to my last bite.The food definitely hit the spot, and was perfect for our bike-riding appetites, but it definitely wasn't amazing, by any means.The prices were do-able on a budget, and despite the bad reviews, the service was actually pretty good. I'll definitely be back & maybe I'll remember to ask for mayo.Oh, Don't forget to get order a Beer Float!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2012,7/12/2012,150,96,,5,2>With a place like papa roux in town, B's had to do something different. They did! They got the authentic bread I remember from my few trips to Bourbon Street. I got their andouille sausage po boy and my pal got the bbq shrimp. They were fantastic. One problem, we both thought I have to go get a mickey d's burger after this. Unlike papa roux, you don't get alot of bang for your buck. The quality and authenticity of this place are second to none, but it will be hard to go here a lot knowing just up the street I can get a larger sandwich and sides for a lower price. As a previous reviewer stated, I can go to end of the line and get a full meal for what I spent on a sandwich minus tip here. Plus end of the line is one of my favorites!I will be back but hope they figure out their pricing.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,7/11/2012,56,252,,5,2>Santorini Greek Kitchen is an amazing place.  Anyone who pays attention to restaurants in Indianapolis knows this place has been successful for a number of years.  The restaurant's success has continued to grow after a major fire caused the it to close for several months.  There is a reason that places like this survive tragedy: dedication.  Santorini's is dedicated to providing its customers with absolutely amazing Greek food.  However, the experience of dining out is more than just the food one eats; it's the service he receives.  The owners of the restaurant are always on hand and usually greet each customer when the enter.  The staff is equally remarkable.  Every server I have had has been knowledgeable about the food and drinks which are featured on the menu - which is especially important when working at an ethnic restaurant.  The service is also quick.  It never seems to matter how busy the restaurant gets (and it gets busy!), the food always comes promptly.The menu at Santorini's is huge.  They have multiple selections for meat lovers and vegetarians alike.  I've always been partial to anything with lamb--especially their gyro sandwich or their spaghetti with gyro meat.  Unlike other Greek restaurants, Santorini has thicker cuts of gyro meat.  It's always fresh, hot, and has an adequate amount of spice.If you're not thrilled by Santorini Greek Kitchen, something is clearly wrong with your taste buds.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,7/10/2012,69,176,,3,2>Hands down the best sweet corn anywhere! Get there early though they usally run out by the end. Depending on the week there may be a line also. You can find them  at a few of the farmers markets just make sure to get there early so they don't run out. Not sure how they get their corn soooooooo sweet but worth every penny!!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,7/9/2012,11,140,3,6,3>If I were able I'd rate it 3.5.  It's not in the same league as Teppanyaki in Muncie or 8 China Buffet on 82nd St, but it's on the upper edge of "decent."This is the location of the former China Buffet, recently remodeled to shiny newness.  The first stall in the ladies' room has a "PUSH--American Express welcome here" sign on the door.  O.oToday was their grand opening, so on one hand they may need a bit to really find their feet, or this might be as good as it will be.  There's a fair selection of sushi, though kind of middle-of-the-road--face it, Anderson doesn't have the same audience for sushi that Indy or even Muncie has.  The rest of the food was pretty standard for a mid-grade buffet, kept fresh and attractive.Items of note include the fried zucchini, which was especially good (and I'm not a fan of zucchini!), with a firm, crispy outer coating and a creamy center.  The golden fingers had a nice batter layer, and the barbeque ribs had an interesting sauce.I have to subtract points because the only hot mustard was the kind in packets, and even the duck sauce was in packets--at least have a bin of commercial duck sauce with the hot oil on the salad bar.  The spring roll filling was tasteless, mushy, and colourless.  The fried potatoes were a little over-oily.They did have palmiers on the dessert table--there's nothing worse than a buffet without them!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/8/2012,24,113,9,6,8>I am from the coast. I'm prefacing this review by saying that because it is very pertinent. I lived very close to the ocean for my entire life, but Papa Roux (no joke) changed all that (seriously).While in grad school in NC, I spent a good while debating whether I could give up the sun and the sand to move to landlocked Indianapolis to be with my boyfriend. I wish I could say that his awesomeness tipped the scale in Indiana's favor, but in all actuality it was catfish. From here. During one of my monthly visits up North, boyfriend took me to Papa Roux after a long run. He suggested the catfish po boy and some (FREE!) sides. Crafty boyfriend. I was immediately hooked. Some people will think this is hyperbole. To those people, I say this: I moved up to Indianapolis in December, and although I sometimes look back fondly at my sunny beaches and 75 degree winters, I feel confident in my decision because I did it all for love. The love of fried catfish.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,7/7/2012,13,23,,4,5>THE PIPER IS DOWN! Every day, ladies and gentlemen, is celebrated like Sean Connery's birthday at MacNiven's Scottish Pub. As if the squeaky wooden floors greeting you at the door aren't enough, you'll really feel as if you've stepped into the heart of hooligan country as soon as you find your seat and the barkeep asks if they can start you off with a Guiness or an Irish coffee. The head barkeep, by the way, is named Joe Doyel...That's right. Just let it out. "Joe Doyel Rules!" He is the very hard-hearted harbinger of haggis you'd expect, too. Anyhow, I never fail to ask, "You wouldn't happen to carry Dogfish Head Ale, would you?" whenever I walk into a bar for the first time. The answer, unfortunately, is always, "No,' or 'Sorry." Gratefully, to the credit of Mr.Doyel's wisdom, however, I was finally given an incredibly insightful, educated explanation as to why my favorite beer cannot be found anywhere in the Midwest. And, unless you actually give a hoot about Dogfish Head, now would be a good time to quit reading this review. As Joe Doyel so very well informed me, "Dogfish Head is brewed and distributed by a small brewpub in Delaware, and, until made the figurehead of Discovery Channel's "Brewmasters" a few years ago, could be exclusively found in pubs across the nation. Since the debut of the series and because they refuse to expand out of their grassroots brewpub, Dogfish Head's popularity has grown to such an extent that its distributors had to limit its footprint even more, in order to keep up with the demand."Wow. Thanks, Joe.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2011,7/6/2012,66,229,4,2,1>I had a nice dinner here with fellow yelp enthusiasts Kjirsten K. and Kris P. last week and was rather impressed. This place was not even on my radar until i stole a coupon from my aunt's coupon book for a free entree (I told her about my theft after i took it and she was ok with it since she mainly likes eating cashews and coffee). We sat in the beer bar section (cool vibe with its woodiness and such) and received great service. My burger was a monster with onion rings and pulled pork dripping all over the place. The onion rings were really good. We were advised they started hand breading them or something like that. Whatever, they were good. Decent beer selection too!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,7/5/2012,71,41,,4,1>Ahhh... Bjava.  I was way too late to find out about this wonderful place.  I am even guilty of going to the Starbucks not half a block away.This place has, without a doubt, the best coffee in town.  The staff is always welcoming and friendly, eager to offer tips about how best to enjoy their coffee at home if you buy a bag.  I highly recommend a cup of hand poured coffee or a pumpkin spice latte if it is in season.  They make all their syrup and it blows the larger corporate establishment's version out of the water.Go check out Bjava, you won't regret it.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,7/4/2012,149,388,2,6,2>A rare gem in Brownsburg.  Not your typical mandarin, but southern Chinese fare with FRESH veggies cooked in and high quality ingredients.  Place was busy, so obviously word has gotten around about this place.  The two high school aged girls working the counter and serving tables were noticeably overwhelmed.  It actually turned out to be a good idea that the soda machine is in the room.  Guests can get their own refills, because the girls just simply could not keep up with the needs of the sit down diners and tons of walk-in and call-in orders.  Despite the challenges, the servers kept plugging away at it, and, anyway, the real star is the food.I had Pepper Steak and it was outstanding.  The steak was actually noticeably beef!  It was not chopped super thin or fatty, but actually tasted like quality meat.  The vegetables tasted like they had just been chopped up for this meal and the sauce that complemented was outstanding.  The food was not salty like other places can be, and it needed no additional sauces or spices to make the flavor complete.  Definitely some of the best Chinese food I've had in the Indianapolis area.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,7/3/2012,15,115,,6,3>This place is goooood. Really good. The portions are incredibly generous (the small was too big for my 7 year old, she's getting the 'kiddo' size next time) and they have a good variety of options.There's ice cream, sorbet, sherbert, and, be still my heart, gelato. I was a little disappointed that none of the gelato options sounded particularly appealing, but the ice cream I had made up for it. I went with the medium, which is two flavors, and got the double dark chocolate and vanilla bean. They were both fantastic. There's a good selection here for those who like traditional ice cream flavors, as well as plenty of choices for those who like a little more variety.The staff were very friendly and explained that all their ice cream is made in the shop daily, so the menu is ever-changing. Additionally, they also informed me that the original store is located on Sanibel Island and this location in Greenwood is the first franchise.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,7/2/2012,211,84,,9,1>Rarely will the quality of a restaurant's food make me overlook other detrimental practices of theirs - like poor customer service - but SOC Pizza really really knows what they're doing when it comes to making pizza!  I ordered 2 of their largest pizzas for a small get together one night; no one at this party had had their pizza before - it's kind of a hidden gem.  But both ginormous pizzas were gone within 30 minutes, and everyone left my house that night with their phone #.  SOC could honestly enter a pizza taste contest and win hands down.However, when you go in their location to order, or to pick-up, or to dine-in, you do face some personnel who have never had one moment of formal service training.  They just treat you like they treat any friend or stranger that would walk up to them.  And that's not necessarily "right" - not all the staff here have the best social skills, so it does seem a bit awkward.  In circumstances where they've misplaced an order, or forgotten your order, it WILL take more effort on your part to resolve the issue - and that doesn't jive for many people.  I understand that.But, from what I see, this small local 'mom-and-pop' shop may be forgoing spending $$ on customer service training or developing a best-practices policy or employee handbook, and instead are spending their money on cultivating the most talented pizza chef in the 46203.  And I, for one, hope that doesn't change.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,7/1/2012,43,227,,2,3>Went here with the Indy Int'l Supper Club and the adorable owner made us all sorts of not on the menu stuff.  We had spring rolls, sweet and sour soup, pho, papaya salad, tilapia, short ribs, three kinds of dessert... Oh my! It was all incredible.  I highly suggest the papaya salad whenever it is on special.  The service was great, the food was wonderful, and you simply cannot beat the wonderful, incredible, fantastically charming owner.  She is great!  Go try this place.  You'll love it.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,6/30/2012,50,97,2,7,9>It took me a long time to warm up to Sun King.- I was first exposed to their beers when their cans hit the shelves in the liquor store where I was working at the time, and while I was completely underwhelmed by the Cream Ale and the Wee Mac I thought the Osiris was a good brew- nothing incredible but a solid Pale Ale in the West Coast style. Nobody outside of 3 Floyds was making a beer like this in Indiana.- I thought the hype was a little much. I had customers clamoring for Sunlight when there were much better beers on the shelf- better beers for a better price. I didn't get it. I had no interest in Sun King.But after a 3 Floyds and Sun King tap takeover at MacNiven's during American Craft Beer Week I began to think differently. I went for the 3 Floyds, but I left talking about Sun King. That week I had the Buffalo Dominator, Grapefruit Jungle, Cream Dream IV, Wee Muckle, and Cupcake's Revenge.- Every one of these beers was so perfect, so creative, and so different- one from the other- that I really couldn't hold onto any of my former prejudices. This brewery can do anything well, and they can do things that have never been thought of before.The beer speaks for itself. It's just good- the kind of good that makes you turn to your friends and say, "Holy shit!" after the first sip- the kind of good that derails your train of thought and makes you talk about the beer for 10 minutes- the kind of good that forces you to order another before you are done with the one in your hand because you are worried that the keg is going to blow soon. While I certainly won't recommend the Wee Mac, the Sunlight, or the ESB, it is difficult  to be disappointed with anything else.The tapping parties are always fun, and Sun King always has a great food truck or catering company serving up something tasty to accompany their beers. There is almost always a live band playing too. Local beer, local food, local music. Sun King is doing something great here, and you should be excited about it.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,6/29/2012,29,74,2,3,2>Dont be afraid, yes it is in a sketchy area but the food is incredible.  Go with a friend during daylight hours and you will be fine. Everything that i have had here has been delicious. I highly recommend the Max burger, which is a handmade burger with mushrooms, onions(which I order without), cheese, fries all on texas toast then smothered with their homeade gravy, Healthy Right!! Who cares, its delicious just dont eat it every day.The other favorite is Randy's pan fried chicken, it is probably the best fried chicken i have ever had, trust me just try it. Beware though, it does take about 40 minutes to prepare to order it ahead or be prepared to wait. And of course, try the chicken and waffles, amazing!! Make sure to get the jumbo chicken wings they are much better than the smaller ones.The waitstaff here is always friendly and usually pretty quick. Every now and then it gets pretty busy, usually on the weekends, and you may wait a while, but be patient the food is worth it.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,6/28/2012,78,198,2,2,2>Great place to pick up treats for the pooch. It looks good enough for people to eat, seriously. They have cookies that look like vanilla oreos that one of the employees said she eats as a snack. The employees are always really friendly and treat your dogs great if your bring them in. Our dog especially likes the vanilla rawhides. As soon as we give him one he starts running back and forth as proud as he can be.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,6/27/2012,115,150,3,2,2>We always stop in to pick up some goodies for our two puppies Buddy and Penelope (ok, one is 13 yrs. old & the other is a year old, but they are still my puppies!) when we are in BR. I love the smell of the store and it is just so darn cute. And did I read that right? The treats are human friendly? The cookies do look good, but they seem really hard. Errr, not that I was considering eating puppy treats. *shifty eyes*I hope that they make some more wheat-free cookies. Our poor Buddy has a super sensitive stomach and there's only one small bone cookie they make that he can eat.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,6/26/2012,33,104,,3,3>Not sure why but I've always been resistant to coming here.    Glad I gave it a try this past Super Bowl weekend.     There is a nice selection of draft Indiana beer and I am pretty sure I saw a list of bottled beer as well . . . .  I was lucky enough to get a shot at the Triton Gingerbread brown.   It was so good it inspired me to come back again and again throughout the weekend (although it sadly ran out early).     The servers were attentive even when the bar was packed with patrons.     Good service = Happy Megan.   Generally, I think the location is great. While food is not served at the tap room, if you want a bite to eat there are quite a few quality places on the lower level to choose from and you can bring it on up.  I heard quite a few times that some of the tables were made out of old barn doors.  Not sure if that is fact or fiction but they were pretty cool looking.  For sure this will be on my list of places to revisit.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/25/2012,75,276,2,3,5>My mama didn't raise no fool. She raised a traveler. I love to travel. My wife loves to travel. We love to travel together.In my short time on Earth, I've traveled to 49 states and 21 foreign countries. That means I've been in a lot of airports.  I've eaten in many, slept in some, and even dashed through a few. All things considered, the airport in Indianapolis is perfect for a city its size. The layout and design make it extremely easy to get in and out of. There are sufficient options for food and shopping. Security is a breeze. Really, it's an airport, not a destination. Traveling through here is about as painless as it gets.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,6/24/2012,159,60,2,3,1>I have been here twice now....and while I have ordered similar dishes, it has been delicious both times. I have not eaten here for dinner, but the lunch menu is very affordable.I had the falafel and it seemed much more authentic than other places in town. You can pick from Tahini, Taziki or hummus as the sauce and pick from Greek fries or a salad....all for under 7.00. Both times I have left satisfied and wanting more. The hot tea is also very tasty and we have had babagoosh (spelling?) with hot pita both times...recommended.This is a tasty little place that deserves at least one try for a lunch break. It is also centrally located, just west of the circle on Market St.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,6/23/2012,158,135,3,5,4>Went here for the Grand Opening last night.  We took a cab from our place downtown. Be warned, the cab driver had real difficulty finding this place and we all wound up using our Iphones to get us there, as we just moved here from Chicago a few months ago and we aren't familiar with this neck of the woods (yet).  It is set back from the main street in a big warehouse.  Glad we managed to find our way! The place was completely packed and basically standing room only with two sectional couches off to the side of the tapping room, as well as a few scattered bar stools.  Beer was good, the staff were handling the large crowd well. A little off our beaten path but will definately be back.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,6/22/2012,120,222,,3,2>You'd never know it by the rest of the shopping mall, but this is the best cowboy/western shop in Indy!  The Outpost has a great selection of high-end boots and hats, denim, western shirts, and other apparel.  I purchased a nice Texas-made Wrangler cowboy hat and shirt, I was really pleased with the friendly service.  They have some nice belt-buckles and leather/reptile care products, too.  If they don't have something you need, they can order and have it in a week.I'll be back for all my western needs!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,6/21/2012,122,723,3,2,2>I've been coming to Connor's since I moved to Broad Ripple in 2006, and it remains my favorite Indy dive. Reading the other reviews makes me giggle because people gripe about the various population subsets that make Connor's unique: the hippies, the older working-class guys, the potential vagrants, the d-bags, the extremely drunk girls...all commingling in one seriously decorated Irish dive. Drinks are cheap and stiff, beer selection is pretty legit. Bouncers are huge and there's often a cop. The ceilings are really high, the fans spin fast enough to create a wind, and the front and back doors are propped open in warm weather...so it's surprisingly un-smoky. Other patrons toe the line between friendly and creepy in their willingness to talk to you/comment on your conversation/drink/clothing/activity. The 5th star was lost because in my 10+ years of legal drinking, Connor's remains the only bar in which I have seen both a gun and a drug deal...although neither were hostile. And the pizza...well, it's there. I've seen people come in for takeout and thought "WTF?" every time. I myself prefer the stuffed breadsticks over the cheap pizza. And I love the tiny fried un-cheese balls. Oh...cornhole & picnic tables on the patio. I can't forget the crowning glory of Connor's...the BATHROOM GRAFFITI! Long-term discussion of politics, religion, and of course, sex, along with some pretty spectacular drunken artwork cover the plywood stall walls. Never, in all my years of coming here, have they been out of toilet paper in the ladies room. A++
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,6/20/2012,53,118,2,4,2>I can't believe that I worked in this area for about three years before I tried King Wok.  Honestly I assumed it was your standard $4.25 lunch special menu that is all over the city.  How wrong I was.  The fried shrimp balls on sugar cane sticks are different but good, the spring rolls wrapped in rice paper is awesome, the cashew chicken is the best I have ever had and I am just now getting into different kinds of Pho.  So far the Pho Ga is my favorite (Chicken rice noodles soup).  They make a mean Avacado milkshake too.  However I would highly reccommend the # 41 Hanh Xeo (pan fried rice flour pancake with shrimp, pork and onion)  it is amazing!  Enjoy!!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,6/19/2012,47,296,1,5,3>Twenty Tap Tuesday is something that should be screamed from the top of your lungs every time you wake up on a Tuesday morning. On Tuesday nights, all pints of local draft beer are only $3.50 (which includes the tax). I was completely and utterly astonished by this. I went with a few friends and I didn't quite believe them when they talked up this bar so much. They have everything from Flat 12, to Brugge, to Sun King, to Fountain Square, to Peoples, and everything in between. The menu is huge and you will want to stay here all night to just drink as many delicious beers as you can. I enjoyed a Fountain Square chocolate stout, a Peoples imperial IPA, and a Tank 7. I could have spent all day here. The atmosphere is wonderful. It reminds me of a smaller Chumley's, a little more intimate, and way less sporty. Punks, men and women in business casual, and just regular Joes like me came to enjoy pints of delicious local beer and join in comradery with one another. The staff is amazing and friendly, and don't even get me started on the food. It's all amazing. They have vegan dishes, meaty dishes, and dishes that you wouldn't imagine being available at a bar. Brats, burgers, fries, and vegetarian sandwiches floated around our tables as sounds of food pleasure filled the air. Twenty Tap closes around 11pm throughout the week, which I think is a unique and perfect time for the crowd that comes here--men and women looking for great drinks and food with friends after a long day at work.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,6/18/2012,57,152,2,6,1>I used to come here when it was Eh! Formaggio, which was awesome, but this place has definitely made itself home in here. The pizza is NY style, and the special is 2 slices, which is more like 1/5th of a large pizza and a drink for $4.99! What a deal! Oh yeah - you also get to pick 3 toppings for the pizza! They have their own veggies growing in the restaurant which is awesome, and everything seems to be super fresh. Everybody who works there is super nice, especially the woman who is always working the register and delivering giant slices of pizza with a smile (I need to get her name next time I'm there!) This is a frequent lunch stop for me and my coworkers because it's a great price, awesome food, good service, it's close to the office, and as an added bonus, it's in the same little strip mall as B Java! Go get some good coffee after you've stuffed yourself with good pizza and you'll be ready for the most productive afternoon you've ever had!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,6/17/2012,20,42,2,9,9>I rarely post on haute darlings of the moment, or even long-standing stalwarts. I take exception here as I feel as if someone just gifted me with my NYC/Soho Pegu Club twin and saved me a roundtrip ticket and the horror of JFK/LGA. some striking similarities btwn the two that pleases me greatly.We went as a couple around 8.30pm on a Wednesday. Had no problems getting in and finding a table, there were also plenty of open seats at the bar. Location: down the street from Fogo & Mortons, around the corner from the crazy Dunkin Donuts on Penn, i.e. located just off a corner block-- so it's easy to stumble out and get a cab; or, park in the convenient public garage across the street.Ambiance: It is not 'lounge-ish', but relaxed & enjoyable nonetheless. It is a longish room, high loft ceilings, modern clean lines, grays and whites, soft lighting. Not too dark where you can't read the menu, not too bright where the mood is shattered. not too big not too small, trendy but not too cheesy I'm-trying-to-impress-you, not too loud that you can't hold a conversation without losing your voice, not too hushed that you feel awkward laughing outloud, high end but not pretentious. Bartenders in uniforms of vests and newsboy caps. Great place to come on your own, with a small group of friends, or on a date.  NOT a place to come to get rowdy.  Service: The host greeted us with a welcoming smile, bartenders were all smiles and seemed to love what they were doing.  Waiter was extremely attentive, competent, and well-informed on all menu items.  No condescending or impatient attitudes anywhere.Price: As mentioned by others, slightly higher prices but at this joint you know you are getting quality. And it caters to that clientele that can appreciate that distinction. I feel the price is right.Drinks: The drink menu is a work of art. This is not your average bar-- this is not even your average artisanal bar. This place serves up another realm in a glass. Excellent handcrafted concoctions. The menu is categorized by the main spirit-- i.e., gin, whiskey, rum, tequila, vodka, and yes, absinthe. You will find your classics as well as some more intriguing choices. The drinks are made of the finest ingredients, and each drink is precisely as you have wished it when placing your order.  Their signature, the Seelbach, was a successful delicious start.  Every drink thereafter was also divine. You can tell they really put time & effort in making their cocktails.  All are beautiful and there's an elegance to them.  Many come with very nice in-house steeped fruits & syrups. They do offer a fine wine and beer list but I could have cared less.  You want beer, go to Twenty-tap or Tomlinson. You want wine, go to Corner Wine Bar... or find your Opus at Kahns across the way.Food: Delicious small plates. Again, obvious invested thought, quality, and careful preparation here. I recommend getting food if you sit at a table. We had duck meatballs w gnocchi in a wonderful jus/sauce, 3-bacon flight w/ condiment sides of aioli/beets/horseradish-ketchup, lamb rilette w shallots/mustard/ super thin crostini, and the perfectly grilled one-eyed jack with fig jam & roasted garlic. the bacon (from Smoking Goose) was my favorite. Everything was delicate yet hearty, if that makes any sense. Next time I'm going for the apple salad, mushroom salad, beef tataki, and either the pate or one of the sandwiches.  We saw others getting the oysters. Little Touches: white cloth napkins. fresh herb garnishes. check out the quirky personalized coasters. the postcard that comes with your bill. the pretty orange peel zest. Synopsis: 5 stars. I loved everything about this place. Yes, more than both Ball & Biscuit and Black Market.  Easily.  If you enjoy quality cocktails in a mature, urbane setting, this will quickly become a new favorite... I know I'll be a regular at The Libertine.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,6/16/2012,144,579,3,4,2>A year ago, I stopped into Old Point Tavern with some friends as part of a Tour de Mass.  They had a respectable selection of bottled imbibables, a unique vantage on The Ave, and a cozy, neon haze. Unfortunately they were still a smoking establishment, and I sadly left, not planning to return for dislike of showers required to wash the smoky smell out of my hair. Cue last weekend, when long awaited spring showers forced an abbreviation upon a leisurely stroll with an out-of-town friend. Ah, what joy! Non-smoking since the Super Bowl! Retained list of drinks! Enduring neon haze!Here are a few more exciting features, should your interest not be adequately piqued: 1. Woodchuck and Strongbow. (Two cider options!!)2. Outside patio seating. 3. Tellys for you sports fans, round tables for you chatters 4. Dancing Lady within sight.So what I'm trying to say is that if you wrote Old Point Tavern off like I did, you should give it another shot. They've been doing things right all along, but now you can go there without needing a shower after (unless you do other things that require showering after a night on the town; have fun and be safe, kiddos!).
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2011,6/15/2012,34,58,2,4,1>I've been to Sichuan many times, even though it is quite a drive from my house.  I've always gone on weekends for the lunch buffet, so I can't speak to the dinner menu.  The great thing about this restaurant is that on the weekends, their buffet is loaded with real, authentic Sichuanese food.  I've traveled in the Sichuan province of China, and a lot of these dishes are very familiar from my time there.Beware that a lot of the dishes are spicy!  (That is what Sichuan food is famous for.)  And on a certain section of the buffet you get to play the "name that body part!" game.  But if you aren't feeling up to trying cow stomach or liver, there are plenty of other dishes.  Vegetarians will also find a reasonable variety of dishes to enjoy.  They have plenty of steamed buns (usually one basket with pork, and one with red bean paste) and dumplings.  A good way to cool down your mouth from all of the Sichuan heat is to get a bowl of the hot soy milk, add a bit of sugar, and dunk the fried dough sticks in them.  Yum!When Westerners enter the restaurant the hostess will often warn them that it isn't typical (American) Chinese food, and will give you a chance to check out the buffet before you commit.  But I say go for it!  If you like authentic food, or if you plan to travel to China in the future and want to check out some typical food you might encounter, or if you just want something tasty and different, Sichuan is ideal.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,6/14/2012,11,145,,4,4>Having been residing in Indy for the past 6 months, I can't believe this is my first time on the Broad Ripple Park monon trail. My bf and I decided to take a walk after having breakfast at Biscuits Cafe and this is just the perfect place to be. There are a lot of people jogging, walking cycling, some rollerblading. And my favorite part is overlooking the river on the bridge, and simply soaking up the sun and the river is clean and peaceful. For a moment, I felt like I was vacationing.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,6/13/2012,185,178,5,5,6>50 Ways to Love Goose the Market:  The BATALI, bulk coffee beans, housemade olives, shagbark syrup, mustards, bold reds (wine), dry cured ham, funny Goose t-shirts, BACON, duck, vinegars, huge caper berries, lamb, Hoosier Mama, CRAFT BEER, smiling faces behind the counter, SANDWICH SIREN, gelato, fresh baguette, salmon pastrami, YELP VINYL NIGHTS, brats, cheese board, SMOKED MEATS, Marcano almonds, tartare, wine & bacon & beer & cheese clubs, wine tastings, communal tables, white anchovies, housemade kraut, Affagato Dolce, vinegars, mead, white wine, rabbit, fresh fish, rillette, CHARCUTERIE, import beer, chicken, honey, olive oils, CHEESES, Kobe, locally grown produce, San Marzona tomatoes, tapenades, Himilayan & smoked salts, homemade soups, the ENOTECA.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,6/12/2012,69,61,,5,3>Oh my god. Or rather, Holy $&*t. Now THIS is a salon! On a recommendation from my sister, I defected from previous salon and tried out SOM, and *swoon*, am I glad I did! This isn't just a salon, it's an experience. I go about every 6-8 weeks for a cut and color and it's worth every dime. The staff are excellent- Cindy, Marlee, Josh, Marchelle- they're amazing. And amazingly hilarious. This isn't one of those pretentious salons where you sit mute while an uptight stylist does your hair. No, it's like hanging out with a group of your best friends and laughing your butt off. Every.Single.Time. So back to the actual salon-y stuff.. I will never go to another salon. Ever. Period. My stylist, Marlee, is amazing. My first appointment was to fix a major color f'up that I incurred at another salon. I was worried that I'd walk out with bright orange fried and frizzy hair. I didn't. Marlee and Cindy sat down and mapped out what they thought would work best and brought my hair back to it's original color, which anyone who has had a bad dye job knows, isn't easy. That was early last year. And like the other reviewers said, there's A LOT that comes along with your cut and/or color (it IS an Aveda salon, after all!)! If you just get a cut, you're offered a paraffin hand massage (do it! do eeeet!) as well as a mini-facial. Yes, that's right, with your $35 cut you get a hand massage and facial. Win? Of course! With a color, you're offered all of the above AND a warm foot soak.. which is ahhhhmazing, especially in winter! I don't get out of here without spending around $150-$160, including tip, which is worth it. I spent less at my previous salon, but I didn't get this kind of treatment. And I also got a jacked-up dye job. Moral of the story is, go here. I've told everyone that I know about SOM- it's amazing. If you haven't tried it out, you NEED to!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,6/11/2012,42,115,2,5,2>I walked in to get some breakfast, and the first thing I saw was all their wonderful food. The second thing I saw was that they didn't have any prices posted. As a penny-pincher on a tight budget, this worried me. I didn't know how much I could order. I nervously walked up to the counter, and ordered. Warily, I got a couple of donuts, some hot cross buns, and a cinnamon roll, and waited for a cringe-inducing total. I was pleasantly surprised to see it come out to about $5. I'll go back often. It's rare to find independent, quality food like this for such a good price. The food was delicious.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,6/10/2012,179,458,,3,2>I came here for lunch on a nice Monday afternoon.  I don't remember Zing looking any different.  If they made changes, I didn't notice.  The menu looked good, I love lunch specials, so I thought I would try the catfish platter.  I ordered the grilled and the fried came out.  We were in a hurry and hungry, so I didn't send it back.  The waiter, Ryan, was nice enough to knock some of the price off.  I was impressed, this is not the fried catfish that my parents love.  This is a very light breaded fish.  The breading has a nice hint of heat and lots of flavor.  I tipped big because I really think I came out ahead given I loved my entree.  My waistline might disagree.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,6/9/2012,34,69,3,1,1>Do NOT go here expecting a majestically aromatic, silky, low-tannin high-caffeine two [Just TWO??]-dollar pour-over cup of Intelligentsia coffee. Please, don't. I usually make it about 5 minutes before my work shift, and if you're there just ahead of me I will be late (I mean, it's either that or skip the coffee).I usually leave more wiggle room when I plan on breakfast or lunch, so I DO cordially invite you to enjoy an excellent crepe. These are very well composed and all that I've had offer a compelling mix of textures and flavors. And lest they seem pricey at 5.5-7ish dollars, be assured that these fellas are much heartier than they appear.  The cheese tends to melt down into the point of the folded cone, leaving your final bites the most rich and filling (well, I guess that assumes you don't eat like some kind of deviant).Of course, all is not well. Smoking Goose bacon is coming this month, meaning I'll have to start shelling out far more frequently for the Red Eggs & Bacon crepe. Stupid Goose, seeking out and murdering my self-restraint all over this city.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,6/8/2012,57,115,2,3,2>Drag shows, three bars, upscale decor, plenty of people watching, huge dance floor with get-up-and-dance platforms if you really need to work it.Word to the wise: peek into the legends' lounge and make sure you're not missing something. A lot of good shows hide in here.You can't do gay indy without doing Talbott. You're guaranteed to run into someone you know if you come on the weekends.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,6/7/2012,20,66,2,6,3>I'm thrilled to have this new addition to my "let's grab drinks and a small bite" list. Elmo's is fabulous, we all know this. But the 1933 Lounge? Epic.I love the classy old school decor of this new upstairs bar area. The exposed brick, beautiful old bar, soft lighting... ahhh bliss. The female servers are smokin' in their red dresses and are every bit as attentive as the downstairs St. Elmo's crew. The drinks are wonderful, and the menu has some fun offerings not on the regular dining room menu. You can, of course, still get the shrimp cocktail, or you can try the beef carpaccio, filet sliders, sliced NY strip, seared ahi... I'm getting hungry just thinking about this place. The last time I was there, I had a Colts blueberry bread pudding. Delish. They also have some kind of signature drink with vanilla infused bourbon, coke, and drunken cherries that looks fab. My companions gave it very high marks.I love the cozy, warm atmosphere of this place, and it's a great way to try the shrimp cocktail and other meaty goodies without breaking the bank for a full dinner. Highly recommended.TIP: In case you're not familiar with the building, the entrance for St. Elmo's and the 1933 Lounge is the same. I haven't noticed any signage marking the lounge area. You enter the restaurant and hang an immediate right before the hostess stand, then head up the stairs to your left.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,6/6/2012,141,70,,7,2>Recess is one of those places that has been on my list of "must try" for a very long time......and all along, the anticipation, curiosity and excitement has been building.  They have no menu really, but simply post their daily multi-course dinner on their website each day.  Everything they list is always so intriguing.  Tonight was the night.  It was Chow Down Midtown, so instead of paying $50, we got to try it for $30 :)  We couldn't pass it up.  Two starter options, two entree options, one dessert.  For $30, it was a steal.  First, let me explain the atmosphere.  Can I just say flipping COOL??  Concrete brick exposed walls, awesome lighting, natural lighting coming in from the large front windows, partially open kitchen (so you can see them cooking up your yummies), very clean, very modern and though small, very open.   Also, sort of an intimate setting.  This is where you go for a very personal dinner with close friends or maybe even a business dinner.  NO ONE had their cell phones out.  Loved that.  Most everyone had a glass of wine or champagne and they were in great conversation and laughing.  Fun place.I got the tomato salad as my starter.  The tomatoes were some of the most flavorful tomatoes I have ever had.  The Maytag Blue Cheese was a magnificent touch.  For my entree, I had the Kodiak Red King Salmon.....YUM!!  Loved the sugar snap peas on the side.  Dessert was gorgeous and was a blend of buttermilk panna cotta (delish), strawberry compote (also some of the most flavorful I have ever had), a dollop of whipped cream and a small portion of a cookie (not sure, but it was great).  The mixed textures and flavors made for a very presentable, but also a very awesome end to our meal.The service was top notch.  We didn't feel "bothered", but never needed for anything.  Nearly 5 star service in my opinion.  Our checks came on a Staples clip-board.  Another unique touch.  Loved it.  Goodbye food catching, nasty black plastic check holders.  Ick.  Thank you, Recess for making our night so wonderful.  I will be back!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,6/5/2012,140,444,4,11,2>Stop the presses....Do you hate picking up food for take-out but love take-out?  Do you wish something OTHER than pizza and Chinese places offered delivery?Hoooooooooold up, Indy! You can have it with the new (well, new to me and obviously new to Yelp - since no one has reviewed this service yet) delivery service.You heard me...DELIVERY of foooood from fun places around town who offer take-out.  How does this work you may ask?  Simple!! You head to their website, decide which delicious restaurant option (ranging from American treats, sushi, and Indian to pizza, sandwiches and DESSERT - oh yah, ice cream delivery folks) you want and place it in your cart. Then you sign up for a time to have this amazingness delivered to your house and press your payment option and wait...(im)patiently for your food to arrive.  Seriously - it is that easy!! The menus are pre-loaded with pricing and they itemize everything you want.  Do you have to pay for delivery? You may ask. Yes, but isn't it worth it for DE-LIV-ER-EEEEEEEEE?  I think so.  For many reasons - A) I'm a mom of two children (two little children - 6 weeks and 2 years), so going to fancy food places, sitting down and enjoying a meal is no longer something I can do regularly.  B) Because I hate to cook (specifically when my hubby is out of town - which he is this week).  C) I hate. hate. hate pizza (yes, I said it) and wish I could have something-ANTHING-else delivered to my door. D) I'm lazy.  Period. I don't want to load up my kids to even pick up food....and eating PB&J every night is sad.sad.sad.Now, I don't know about you, but I was personally worried about FRESH delivery.  This seems legit....ordering something from 20 minutes away seems like a risk, but ...they do their best to guarantee freshness by packaging up your pick up order in a fun warm box.  I was impressed.  My first order was from Monon Food Company.  I ordered fish tacos on soft tortillas and I live at least 20 minutes away.  The delivery man was so polite and concerned about my experience.  He arrived on time (pre-arranged on their website earlier in the day for specific time) with a smile and my food (happiness bubbling over).  He asked me to please let them know how it turned out (working on that after this review).  And let me tell you, the tacos were amazing - thank you Monon, but THANK YOU ORDER IN because seriously, I may never have been able to try this awesome gem of a restaurant without you.So, another huge plus?  Trying restaurants that you may not NORMALLY get a chance to eat at on a regular basis due to distance, time, or two small kiddos.And, yes, my review is long and strong, but I have to tell you ...I decided to order sushi tonight from iSushi and it was AMAZING. Delivered again, on time with a smile and it was incredible.  The take-out options in my life have just expanded b/c....well, Order-In made my dreams come true!I will definitely be using them regularly, especially on weekends!  What a great way to "eat out" without "going out."
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,6/4/2012,47,59,,2,3>The owners are some of the most awesome, kind and sweet folks there are! The food, likewise, never, ever had anything that was not absolutely perfect. Service, it is everything I could ask for, and the prices are very reasonable.  The only place in the Midwest that I have been that compares in Thai food quality is Thai House in Columbia, MO. YES, it's that freakin good!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,6/3/2012,35,98,,5,3>Smoking Goose is the place to go for meat you never knew existed and things you knew existed, but didn't think you could actually find around here!I had some of their Salami at a party. I'm not sure exactly which one it was because they have a whole menu of Salami. It was delicious and very different from a mass produced version. And bacon, they have several kinds of bacon, like jowl bacon, I've gotta get some of that!Recently I had their duck, pear, and port sausage. Seriously? Yes! I pan seared it and as it gets done the pear juices and port ooze out and start to caramelize on the pan. It's like a delicious meat timer.Most meats are sold by the pound. It's prepackaged to make sales easier. With sausage you typically get 4 links vacuum sealed or a pound of bulk. Most is available fresh, but some may be available frozen as well.It's right across the street from Flat 12 Brewery.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,6/2/2012,32,66,,3,3>Poblano Chile and Cheese Tamale is one of the best things I have ever ate.  If I was a food network star, and I was on that show, this is one of the food items I would showcase. The tamales here are as big as your head - seriously. They are nothing like the mini-tamales you get at chain Mexican restaurants that are the size of a finger - these things are MONSTROUS. and worth every penny. It sounds weird, but the dessert tamales are incredible.  The pumpkin pie one is good; the apple pie one is even better. They have different options every day, so if you don't like what is on the board when you go one day, try going back the next day. Don't forget the guacamole and the queso! Guacamole is super fresh and flavorful; the chips are hand made (seriously!) and the queso is incredible creamy.  I recently went with my mom and fiance - we each had one large tamale, one small special cuban tamale (that was only 99 cents), and split an order of chips and guacamole. We all had more than enough food and only spent about eighteen bucks.  Don't feel like you have to order one of their combo meals - the tamales are the best part; the sides aren't worth the money; and the drinks are a little overpriced.  Stick with tamales and chips/dips and you will be golden.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,6/1/2012,93,73,2,4,2>Black Acre was a thrilling place to be on its opening weekend.  There's nothing like being surrounded by beer lovers blissfully in the midst of trying to sample every beer listed on a long list of craft beers.  Few of these beer lovers were successful: every half hour or so, management had to add a new beer to the list to replace one that was finished off by the crowd, adding more to the list of beers to try before the night could be over.  My first sample of an agave-flavored beer was my last--before finishing my glass, Black Acre bartenders poured the last of the keg to another patron. A blessing in disguise, I had no choice but try another beer on the menu; by the end of the night, I had learned of several new beers I like.  There's no need to spin a wheel and risk a random fate that you will get a beer you like.  Free samples are willingly provided if the wide breadth of knowledge the bartenders can provide isn't enough to placate you.  The BU and ABV content is also forefront on the menu, which I appreciate since I am one of those individuals that prefer my beers light on the hops.     The ambiance is very pleasant.  An industrial-like edge to the bar is softened with natural touches all around: stone tiles lining the walls, rafters from an ancient barn modified into a communal table, and warm-colored lighting carefully placed around the bar.  Even if I tired of the beer selection, which is impossible, I wouldn't tire of the atmosphere of this place.  I can't wait till Black Acre starts to release its own line of beers and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,5/30/2012,63,195,,3,3>When breakfast feels like dessert, you know you're at the right place. No one wants to order a big pastry for breakfast because everyone will think you're a glutton, but the creme brulee french toast is a big dessert-like pastry disguised as breakfast food so you can order out loud without the shame. It even comes with a slice of strawberry on the top so you can say "see? I'm eating healthy; I'm having fruit for breakfast."This place is surprisingly big and bright with lots of cool art on the walls. Great food and coffee all around, with quick and friendly staff.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,5/29/2012,28,156,4,4,4>Korean mother-approved! Every time my parents come to town, my mom wants to have Korean food, but she HATED Mama's on Pendleton Pike and I didn't know of any other places.  Thank goodness for Yelp.  I saw the good reviews and was still weary since my Korean parents can be pretty critical of restaurant food, especially if it claims to be Korean, but happy to say the food was excellent!  It's a small place in a strip mall and my dad was worried it would be too "Americanized."  They could use some more staff, since it looked like it was the hostess/owner, maybe a male relative and mom in the kitchen.  The owner is very nice and apologized for the slow service since it was a busy Saturday evening.  I thought the food more than made up for it.  There are the many Korean staples--bulgogi, kalbi, bibimbop, and lots of spicy soups, little sides (banchon were small but spot on), but there were also some tasty surprises.  The seafood pancake was a nice crunchy appetizer--yeah it has imitation crab meat in it, but it came out piping hot and sliced up like a pizza, since it was as big as one too.  Kalbi was juicy and tender and cooked just right, with a little char, and served up atop a bed of smooth little hot rocks to keep the meat cooking (ingenious!). The sea bass was a large portion, also served on a bed of hot rocks, with a crunchy char around the edges and a sweet miso glaze. Cute little bundles of lightly pickled shredded veggies wrapped in a thin sheet of turnip and drizzled with a sweet sauce were made to look like little squid-shaped spring rolls and made for a refreshing palate cleanser. I wish this place were not so far away--my mom wants to go there again the next time she's in town. If you've never had Korean food, this is the real deal, but I wouldn't really recommend it if, like the guy sitting at the next table, you don't like rice...
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,5/28/2012,7,49,,3,3>Calvin Fletcher's is everything you'd want a local coffeeshop to be. The coffee's fantastic. The prices are lower than everywhere else. The staff is so genuinely friendly it's almost painful.I absolutely love Calvin Fletchers. The interior of their new location looks like some sort of artistic/intellectual/modern paradise. Do yourself a favor and check this place out. And it's a not for profit business. How cool is that?
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2012,5/27/2012,210,195,12,2,5>Brugge gives me that "running into your ex that you never liked in the first place, but you hang out anyway -- then end up getting drunk together and screwing" vibe. I want to love you, but I think we have conflicting pheromones.  I think the beer is top notch and they always have a few excellent guest taps, but the restaurant just rubs me the wrong way. I've always received incredibly slow and somewhat hostile service here and it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I've never tried the food, but I've heard good things.. I'll probably give it a shot at some point.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,5/26/2012,19,103,,5,3>Tini is a solid addition to the Mass Ave bar scene.  As the name denotes they have a ton of different Martinis (as well as other cocktails, beer & wine).  Between our group of 4, we tried about 6 different ones.  They were all very good.Tini is pretty small.  The most open space is in the very back.  If you have a larger group, head there.  They also have some small plates that we didn't try (I'm 99% sure that I read in Indianapolis Monthly that the guy that caters the food at Tini is a sous chef at Recess) but I plan to when I go back.They also play a fun assortment of videos from the 80s on.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,5/25/2012,29,34,,3,2>Being a vinyl newbie, I wandered on in before dinner one evening to check out the selection.  They have a vast variety and a lot of listening stations to check out new albums you might be interested in.  They also have sale items and a list of the top sellers if you are wanting to see what others are getting in to.  Very cool place and the staff was friendly, but unobtrusive.  Can also get tix to shows here and see album "release parties."  Even if you don't own a turn table, come in to check out one of Broad Ripple's hot spots and iconic locations!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,5/24/2012,18,5,,1,1>Outstanding food. I had the pork sliders and Vietnamese spring rolls and everything was great.The one thing I could do without is the smoky smell. I know it's a cigar bar, but I don't really feel like the smoke and food mix. If they could separate the two atmospheres I would probably visit more often. It gave me a little bit of a headache to sit in there for an entire lunch, and there weren't any smoking customers at the time. If you don't mind the smoke then you'll be set!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,5/23/2012,20,49,,1,2>We went here one weekday for lunch without knowing much about the place and were impressed by the greeting that we received by the host and the very nice decor.  Although we had lunch, it appeared that the space was ideally set up for a night of lounging on the comfy looking couches or at the impressive bar.I had the Italian beef sandwich, and in defense of Chef Joseph's I knew that I was not likely going to get the south-side Chicago sandwich that I'm used to.  That being said, it was still good in a sophisticated way.  The pasta side was excellent - very refreshing with a hint of lime.  The shrimp appetizer was very good as well, although it was light on the bacon in my opinion (the bacon was what attracted me to it on the menu from the start).My wife enjoyed her chicken parmesan sandwich, and the portion was big enough that she ended up taking half of it home for later. The waiter was very polite and cordial, and he made sure to tell us of the upcoming events at the restaurant, the weekend dinner hours, etc.Although a bit pricey for lunch, it is not too far out of the norm for downtown.  I would definitely take a client here, and I look forward to checking out their weekend food/wine/music events.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,5/22/2012,93,210,4,7,5>If you love a good pork tenderloin, fried onion rings, and homemade root beer this is the place to go!! I've been going here for the past ten years and have enjoyed it every time. I like the fact it's a drive-in, dine-in, eat in your car, eat on the patio type place.My fav thing on the menu is definitely the onion rings. They are soooo delicious, deep fried and just crispy to the right degree. Put that with a mug of root beer and I'll be in a good mood for a week. I love coming to this place in May, it's always packed with Indy Car fans and on one occasion my family and I happened to spot Helio hanging out at this joint with some of his crew. Definitely come with a hearty appetite and you won't be disappointed. They do allow cards now, it used to be cash only. I would suggest planning on when you're going because this place is packed during the races. I will continue coming here for my annual grease-down of amazing onion rings and some hearty root beer!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,5/21/2012,121,437,4,2,2>A tip of the hat to my fellow Yelpers.  I read your reviews before coming here, and they felt like a premonition as I saw them all coming true.  We arrived right as they opened on a Saturday morning at 11:30.  We were the first ones in the door and seated.  The hostess promptly seated us and provided a regular menu, but we had to call her back over to ask for a sushi menu, which I found very weird.  Our server came over after several minutes and took our drink order, then came back to take the food order.  We ordered sushi and my husband ordered udon.  His soup came before my sushi, so he offered me some (possibly because I was staring longingly at it and the growl of my stomach was disturbing his dining).  It was very tasty.After twenty LOOOONNNG minutes, our four rolls of sushi arrived. Again, most reviews said the service could be slow, so I was kind of expecting it.  But as we were the FIRST order of the day, I was still pretty surprised it took so long.  That said, the sushi was the best I have had in a while. Most places in Indy serve it pretty fresh and get the rice done well.  But it is tough to find new combinations and more exotic preparations.  I suck and totally forget which rolls I ordered, but I remember they were ALL terrific.  Now I have to go back and figure out which ones I like!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,5/20/2012,0,6,13,8,4>It has everything you want in a Drive In theater for nostalgia sake, and loses a lot of the things you could do without. Audio over car stereo only, no bad sound from awkward boxed. Better food than at the drive ins of my youth. The restrooms are a bit industrial but have always been clean during my visits.If you bring food, at least get SOMETHING from the concession stand. It's part of the experience, and helps to preserve this great institution for future fans.I don't think they used to take plastic at the entrance, but do now. Keep your tickets for drawings announced between films. You can catch the first movie of your choice, and then move to the other screen to make your own double feature. The main screen has a large grassy play space in front so the kids can burn off energy before dusk turns to dark but please keep an eye on the wee ones for safety.Remember when cars were so big you could put 3 kids on the roof or the hood and still have space while Mom and Dad did whatever they did out of sight? Cars are too small these days, and whoever invented the center console is a foe of romance!! Make love, not cupholders...
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2011,5/19/2012,134,221,5,5,3>Like Disneyland ... with apples! The ratio of kids to adults here is pretty high, which is to be expected in late October. No matter where you go in this sprawling complex that includes an apple orchard, a pumpkin patch and a petting zoo, you can hear the din of children's voices. This may be music to some of your ears or you may be looking for an autumn outing with your own kiddos--if so, you've definitely found your spot! They have diversions like a tiny train that loops around the orchard and a giant sling shot where you can try to shoot gourds into rings floating in a small reservoir. There were still a lot of choice pumpkins left the week before Halloween, and the grounds are a nice place to walk around and soak up the fall weather. They were making money hand over fist at their little country store, selling pies, sacks of apples and other related treats. The caramel apples were not-too-sweet and I've been enjoying the cider I took away ever since. Four stars for the quality products, and three stars for the atmosphere.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,5/18/2012,30,118,4,3,2>The only reason this is 4 stars instead of 5 is because there is no way around it being a touch pricey to go see a movie in a theater. With that in mind, this place is about as good as it gets. The list is as follows:1. The place is ultra clean for a movie theater2. Food is fairly priced for a movie theater3. They have Area 51 in the lobby4. And finally, THEY HAVE A DRIVE IN!The drive is an awesome deal. You can see 2 movies for the price of one and have a unique experience. Highly suggested. Plus, if your 16, this may be your first shot at making out with that super hottie you are overachieving with. SEIZE THE MOMENT, score the goal, defeat the dragon, save the kingdom, steal fair maidens heart. BE A CHAMPION LITTLE HIGH SCHOOL CHAMP!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,5/17/2012,81,119,3,8,8>Hot dog carts are par for the course downtown.  But a hot dog cart outside of the city center is a bit of an anomaly.  Mr. Garcia, however, saw an opportunity at the busy intersection of 16th & Emerson in the parking lot of a highly trafficked Family Dollar.  Mr. Garcia is on site with his cart every day, often until late at night (he said 10:30 on weeknights and midnight on weekends, but I've seen him there later than that).  He offers the traditional hotdog cart offerings, with some tasty topping alternatives:  mayonnaise, sauteed onions, relish with jalapenos, bacon.  It's all good!  And it's relatively cheap!  $3 for a filing hot dog.  Mr. Garcia is really friendly and his family is often with him at the cart.  Stop by, say hi, get a hot dog!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,5/16/2012,63,46,,7,2>This is a treasure hidden in plain sight. From the outside it looks like any other gyro joint however it is anything but that. They have a small menu but it is exclusively authentic Afghan food.Nasir is the owner and he is another one of Indianapolis' amazing restaurateurs. He will accommodate you in any way you need. If you start talking with him he will probably tell you some crazy story from Afghanistan. This is true ethnic dining. All of the food is wonderful but if you can only choose 1 thing I would recommend the vegetarian. It comes with eggplant, lentils, and spinach atop a bed of flavored rice and finished off with nuts and raisins. No bland food here. The kabobs vary in quality from day to day from really good to mind blowing. The other thing you have to try here is his baklava. I wont say anything else. Just get it.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,5/15/2012,195,303,3,6,4>I dig having a greek diner right around the corner from my house.  The first few times I came here, the service was sketchy - I felt that I received a different level of service because I wasn't a regular.  I can understand treating regulars like they are VIPs, I get that, but what I don't get down with is not even smiling at the people who are not.  It had actually been about a year since I had been here as the borderline rude service had scared me away, but I went there after visiting the Cumberland Farmer's Market on Saturday for breakfast and the service was awesome!  I don't know if they've had some staff turnover in the past year or what, but the server was friendly and the waitress was excellent.  Good service is particularly important to me at breakfast, where I am the reigning Beverage Queen and require a constant supply of coffee, water and orange juice.  This lady was on it with all three, and didn't give me a shitty look when I ordered this large array of liquids.  The food was also very good - I ordered eggs over medium, potatoes and toast.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, which is really important with over medium - I want a runny yolk with completely cooked whites.  I'm genuinely thrilled that the service has gone up so much here.  I'm a huge fan of going out to breakfast, and it was a bummer to drive by this place to go to another.  Maybe soon I can start being one of those regulars I mentioned!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,5/14/2012,24,34,,5,5>Not only is Treehouse the sexiest tattoo studio I have ever been to...but it houses the best artist I have ever known. I dare you to find anyone else around that can turn a poorly done Thundercats tattoo, into a half-sleeve work of art....with a Nerdy Pin-Up girl included!!!If you're still debating about what you want to get, come to Amory...even if you just have a few little thoughts. He will turn those random ideas into a truly unique work of art. I think that's is what makes him so great at being a tattooer...he's an artist first and foremost.His shop may be small...but it's everything you could want. Comfortable, clean, professional, and just cool as hell.Guarantee you won't be disappointed.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,5/13/2012,295,229,,5,3>All you need to know is that they have Old Style on tap. Feels like home. Accurately prepared Chicago dog. They will also dip your beef sandwich in au jus and have a counter where you can eat it standing up like you are supposed to. The fries are homemade & delicious. Chris is a super helpful dude behind the counter with suggestions for those people not fortunate enough to be raised in the warm, loving embrace of Chicago comfort food.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/23/2011,5/12/2012,12,48,3,4,1>A great place to flea when you can't take the hipsters of fountain square anymore...working class all the way.I've been hearing good things about the pizza lately.  Ours was burnt but that didn't stop me from over indulging.  The crust is a pre-fab cracker crust which is not the way I typically roll but who cares:it's pizza!The burgers were solid.  They pull a tricky move by using an egg bun.  Big Fan!  The burger was a little over done but that did stop us from receiving the clean plate award(thanks mom!).other notes-ample parking-outside seating-smokey-low key-okay dokey
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,5/11/2012,388,59,4,7,5>La Escollera would be swamped if Hoosiers weren't by nature fearful of the unknown. This funky Washington St. taqueria offers a whole menu but you'll probably never get past the simple, street-style tacos - I haven't. Meat, onion, cilantro, mild or hot salsa, and a spritz of fresh lime. If you want cheese, tomato and sour cream, you'll have to ask for "American style." The small dining room is usually filled with native Spanish speakers and the TVs at each end of the room are tuned to Univision, giving this honky the pleasantly odd sensation of being an interloper in his own neighborhood. I'm looking forward to exploring the rest of the menu but I'm not sure when I'll get around to it. If only they stocked the cooler with Sunlight Cream Ale...
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,5/10/2012,89,180,3,4,5>If you're looking for high quality, craft beer in a quaint environment, Flat 12 is the place. They have great beer, great staff, and a great tasting room just like Sun King, only in a smaller, quieter environment ala Sun King a year or so ago. I recommend getting samples of their standard beers so you know what they taste like, then start on their specialty beers. They have some unique concoctions that make for some good beer. The Glazed Ham (doesn't sound good in beer form) is excellent. Being a vegetarian, it was kind of a dumb question but I had to ask. Yes. The Glazed Ham is veggie friendly. Have in depth questions about the flavors or way things are done? Ask the brewers / owners. We were there on a saturday afternoon. There was a band and about 40 people in the tasting room which is the perfect amount of people to be able to strike up a conversation with patrons and brewers alike. My only problem with Flat 12 is the same problem I have with Sun King....it's not walking distance from my house.....but that's really my fault.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,5/9/2012,32,51,7,5,2>First, let me say I am a huge kpop fan.  Also let me say this is the 2nd noraebang I've been to other than one in Orlando, also my second time at one. Since we moved to Indianapolis I'm thrilled to live in a town with a noraebang! My husband & I decided to check it out last night & were there 2.5 hours XD the lady only charged us for 2 thank goodness. It's funny, we think we can fake our way through kpop songs until we get there & it's a midi version that doesn't sound like the song at all. The song we did best on was m-flo Miss You since we both know it pretty well still. After that we faked best Block B's Freeze, B1A4's OK, hubby did Sechskies Come Back, then I rocked Miss A's Love Alone,  and we both did some Big Bang and more. The lady there was either amused or found it interesting that we were singing Korean songs mostly. I'm sure the group of Korean dudes at the bar totally heard us and we sounded terrible. I have a plan for us to go and I'll buy a drink at the bar so we can look through the song book and talk to the lady.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,5/8/2012,133,150,4,3,2>If you like to put a bird on it, this is the place for you.IHE happens once a year, and has grown from a lil' ol' craft show into a full-blown event with food, live acts, and booths upon booths of handmade goods, jewelry, trinkets, tschachkes, art, posters, toys, clothing...it is actually quite overwhelming with the amount of vendors they had this year.  They have busted out of the Harrison Center and lined the streets with their non-traditional crafty goodness.  No wooden American flags here!    I think its great these artisans get to show off what they do to a large number of people, having the event the same day as the Talbot Street Art Fair is smart, smart, smart.  But I almost think this should be a two day event, simply because for me, in all my ADD-ness, I really need one day to look around and soak everything in, process everything I've seen *then* go back and buy what I liked.  There is just so much stuff and it is so spread out it is hard to decide what you really, really want.  By the time I walked through the event and looked at everything, I had forgotten about whatever cool thing I was thinking about buying that I had seen earlier while wandering around.  I also really enjoy the people watching - this thing attracts more hipsters than you can shake a stick at, you could capture a month's worth of photos to upload to latfh.com.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,5/7/2012,123,216,2,4,3>It has been mentioned by others and I have to agree whole-heartedly; Imbibe feels like a hotel bar.  Situated in the lobby of the fountain square theatre building, the small bar feels like the perfect meet-up spot for Clive and Juliana (nerdy Modern Family reference).The decor is simple and pretty unremarkable, unlike the great service we received from the bartender.  There is a pretty good drink menu which includes classic cocktails, wine, and beer.  The bar has appetizers on the menu, but you can also order from The Smokehouse and Shelbi Street Cafe.  Both restaurants have their full menus available and the bartender will take care of the ordering for you, a perk we took full advantage of.  I scarfed down a Shelbi St pizza while snacking on my husbands nachos from Smokehouse.  A great option if you're with a group and can't decide what you're in the mood for.  I can definitely see myself coming back here for a low-key cocktail and possibly a little role-playing.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,5/6/2012,33,82,2,3,2>lunch! Lunch, you hath saved me from the mediocrity, from the needless calories of frozen entrees (but then provided lemon bars, so I could spend those calories on something fantastic), and given me things like veggie burgers, Flat 12 stout beef stew, colcannon and plus, ginger beer and  lots of other loveliness. I haven't revisited the breakfast, but I will revisit for lunch as often as my schedule allows. Oh, and roasted sweet potatoes on salad? Total win.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,5/5/2012,125,230,6,5,6>Why can't I have a vintage bucket full of money so I can trade it for more vintage stuff that I "need"? Two floors of things I need and didn't even know it. The building is amazing  just to start with. My secret plan is to tuck myself into an old steamer trunk, wait until they close, then pop out. Frolic in the aisles, try on the clothes and jewelry, then explore the rest of the building. I can usually find something for everyone who needs a gift whether it's x-mas or birthday. Mostly I find gifts for myself. Great place for browsing, it's like a free museum. Don't expect to breeze through, give yourself at the very least an hour.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,5/4/2012,67,81,7,4,4>Once you go here and experience the flavor sensation that is the all-awesome all the time fiasco known to us fools as Mama's House, it will dwell in your brain like an addiction and you will be left wanting nothing....but more. You'll go once, freak out about how flipping awesome it is, and then keep going back.If you get one of Mama's Specialty Dinners or one of the two items on the other side of the menu that have 'Korean Full Dinner' attached to the name, you get like 12 side dishes of mostly various kimchi. I suggest you do this at least once because, along with being intensely, nearly woefully overpowering with amazingly mind-numbing flavors, the visual presentation is intensely beautiful. Also, if one of your little kimchi dishes runs out, they will refill it at no charge, you just need to ask.Here, let me put it simply: MaMa's house is a place where it is impossible to eat without making sex noises and sex faces.You can't help yourself. You just can't.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,5/3/2012,58,48,,4,2>The Jazz Kitchen has been somewhat of a tradition for me the last couple of weeks.  There's not many places out there quite like it.  They really make going out to eat an experience.  The menu is unique, the food is delicious and plentiful, the server remembered us from the previous week, she was extremely friendly, and the music is great. On Mondays before 8 they have a really great deal.  They have three special entrees for 8 dollars each and there's typically no cover to get in the door.  I've only been there on Mondays so I don't know what the rest of the week is like but The Jazz Kitchen is just a great place to hang out.  Each time I've been I've had a really enjoyable time.Now just a word of advice...  If there is a band playing generally talking should be kept at a minimum or low enough so that it won't be distracting to anyone else there to listen. It's just good manners and respectful to the musicians. However in the back of the restaurant on the other side of the bar there is an area that seems like it'd be good for a conversation.Great place!  Go and have fun!!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,5/2/2012,88,127,,4,2>Our office recently moved near the airport from the north side, leaving my co-workers and I to search for a new "happy hour" bar with great apps, a full bar, and fun games.After driving around town, we stumbled across Bubbaz.  The first requirement was that it had pool tables and shuffle board (check).  Second was a menu with a variety of delicious (but not nutritious) fried snacks (double check).  Third, we needed to find a place that was comfortable enough that you could walk in wearing suit or a pair of jeans, and not feel out of place.Fortunately, Bubbaz met all the criteria!  We first stopped off for lunch to do some recon work before our next happy hour.  I really enjoyed the burger, and the service was quick and friendly. The next day we stopped after work for an office happy hour, and couldn't have left happier.  $2.00 you-call-it from the bar, mountains of chicken wings and fried mushrooms, and a great set list playing over head.As far as games go, Bubbaz has at least a half-dozen pool tables, Golden Tee, skeet ball, video shuffle board (has a 1/4 length actual board with a video screen at the end...not the classic, but it works), and the ever favorite test of strength, the punching bag machine.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,5/1/2012,60,619,2,2,3>I have a fondness for the quirky charms of Bosphorus and Greek Islands and admit some resistance to the bright neons of Santorini, but then I just have to admit to myself that damn it's good.  And really what makes this place so inviting is the genial presence of Jeanette and Taki and their commitment to Fountain Square and the Indianapolis community.  The appetizers are delcious, as are the desserts (galaktabouriko - yum!).  The gyros are quite tasty.  I will admit to having some hit-or-miss experiences with the entrees, and I must be one of the few people out there who doesn't particularly enjoy the enormous portions of their entrees.  Green beans, OK, potatoes, OK, but then they add rice as well?  But it's all good.  Go -- you'll enjoy yourself.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,4/30/2012,23,124,2,2,2>Bazbeaux just goes home with the gold! Every time! Bar none. And I will stand up and throw down to defend this.I just don't understand how I can never have a bad pizza here?!? Take that back -- "how I can never have a pizza here that isn't more delicious than every pizza before it".Ya know what...Bazbeaux is the Hattori Hanzo of pizza. Done.For more info, see my previous reviews. Oh, and I'd never had their Antipasto Salad before. That's awesome, too!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,4/29/2012,43,25,,4,2>I've struggled with fitness clubs all my life. From middle school and beyond, I've hated gyms for various reasons, whether it was because I was not as built as the meatheads in the weight room, or slower than everyone else on the treadmills, or because it smelled like...well, we all know what gyms smell like. The biggest drawback? Having to drive there and back.Enter the Indy Bike Hub YMCA. It's conveniently located in the east wing of City Market within walking distance of all of downtown. That means it's really accessible during the lunch hour, and it's usually not terribly busy either. Not only do you never have to wait on equipment, you have your choice from several.For cardio, they offer multiple types of stationary cycles, a couple different treadmills and a bank of ellipicals. They're all brand new, and some of the treadmills and all of the ellipticals have built in TVs and iPod cables, so you can watch from among about 20 channels or plug in your iPod to charge it while working out. The equipment is all great, and it's all clean and easy to use. The second floor has weight machines and free weights that again are all new and really nice. The third floor has two classrooms and an open area with fitness balls. I take advantage of the free Yoga classes on Wednesdays as often as possible. They also offer all kinds of other free classes for members - Zumba, Pilates, circuit, etc. - and the classes happen early morning, mid-day and after work.Then we have the crowning feature of this place: the locker rooms. I know, it seems minor. But the guy who works there every day cleaning is meticulous. He wipes down every surface of the lockers, showers, sinks, etc. He vacuums and mops throughout the day. He cleans all the equipment constantly. He's the OCD neat freak we all wish our significant other was (or wish that we could hire). And it's evident. It never smells like a locker room; it smells like freshness and clean. That all makes showering in a place like that a-ok and it makes you feel that you're getting your membership money's worth. Seriously. There's a reason Cardinal and Lifestyle aren't doing well.There's no better work out solution for downtown workers, period. I've seen the other gyms. Plus your Y membership is good anywhere. Check it out. You'll thank me later.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,4/28/2012,150,96,,4,1>I enjoyed my two visits here very much. They have a menu that is outside of the standard brewpub box. Their fries are one of the things I think one day they will be known for. You can get them tossed in several things such as truffle oil and parmesan (my favorite). I had a bahn mi (vietnamese specialty) the first time and a jerk chicken sandwich the second time. Both were top notch. I like that they rotate things around and always have something fresh and new on the menu. I will have to go for their bison burger sometime soon. Next up is the beer that they have just began brewing. I tried a sampler of all 4 beers they had on tap that were theirs and all were very good. I told my wife, I don't like their esb, that means it is spot on for the style because I rarely like an esb. I finished off my sampler with an amazon princess from People Brew Co. Overall I would recommend that anyone in the Plainfield area who likes something alittle different give Black Swan a try. Can't beat their menu or beer selection.  Keep in mind they are closed on Mondays!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,4/27/2012,46,8,,10,1>Sometimes, taking a different road can lead you on an adventure. One day while driving along Binford Boulevard, I got the urge to turn down 71st Street and see what was around the area. Of course, the upscale Kroger sits on the Northwest corner, but the street is also lined with small buildings and strip malls. It was in one of these, nestled between a bar and a barbeque joint, that I saw a sign reading "Long Thanh Chinese & Vietnamese Cuisine".Always on the lookout for new restaurants, I  remembered the place just this afternoon and decided to set out on a food adventure. Long Thanh does have Chinese food, quite a reasonable sampling of entrees such as Moo Goo Gai Pan and General Tso's Chicken; however, it was the Vietnamese I was after. The only other patron enthusiastically recommended the Rare Pho, a rice noodle dish with rare slivers of beef in a hauntingly delicious broth, declaring that I had stumbled upon the best Vietnamese food in Indianapolis. While I need to go back for the Lemongrass Chicken (or Beef) and some Vietnamese Pancake before I confirm this, I will say that the pho was excellent. Served with a plate of bean sprouts, lime wedges, and stalks of cilantro and Thai basil (which should be ripped up with the hands to release the herbal fragrances and flavours), I doctored mine with some fish sauce (you may have to ask for it, but try it!) and pepper paste. The thing about a really good bowl of pho is that you should feel really good after eating it. And after this one, I felt great - satisfied, not overly full, and like my body was thanking me for not shoving something processed into it. The price of $6.75 was reasonable as well.I may go back for lunch tomorrow. David, whom I gather was both the owner and chef, and his wife were both friendly and gracious. While I'm not going to say this is better than King Wok (Na Han Kho Do?), it's certainly wonderful Vietnamese for a good price on the north side.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,4/26/2012,60,113,,6,2>I stopped by Gigi's today because I was shopping at the nearby Ulta and decided I should try their cupcakes. The store is adorable, clean, and offers wi-fi. There are several flavors of cupcakes that change daily.Many have mentioned, and I will too, that these babies are piled super high with icing. Here's my ingenious solution: take most of it off. I tried the Chocolate Cream Pie and was really pleased. The cake was moist and had a deep chocolate flavor. There was cream on the inside (also chocolate) that was a lighter chocolate flavor. I am actually not a huge fan of icing, but this chocolate icing was delicious. It's rich (duh) and chocolately and was sprinkled with graham cracker (I think). I was very pleased. The cupcakes are $3.00 per cake, which I find a little pricey, so it would really be a very occasional treat (another reason being they are most likely deathly for one's diet).
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,4/25/2012,100,362,2,2,3>Sweet, beautiful, deliciousness. My burger was so good. So so good. I had the Provencal, because I am a whore for goat cheese. Add in basil aioli and portabella mushrooms and you had me at hello. I was skeptical of the housemade ketchup but dare I say that I might even prefer it to Heinz? Yum.Our server was very friendly and informative when we told her it was our first visit. She also thought that she knew me; I love running into random people around downtown. We were also greeted by someone whom I think might have been the owner. Nice touch.One quibble: $30 for lunch, before tip, is a bit much. Our burgers were $9-10, fries are an additional $2 per person, and 2 non-alcoholic drinks ran us $5. Add in $1.50/hr parking on Mass Ave and ... meh. But, the food was so good, I'd ignore all that. I'd feel better if I spent those prices at dinner, though.I did notice that our waitress brought the couple next to us several samples of draft beer so the gentleman could decide which local he'd like with his burger. Again, a nice touch. During nicer weather, this would be a great bike-riding destination. Exercise, eat a giant burger and drink, then ride home. Total win. As a note, the space is beautifully used. Very visually appealing. I couldn't even remember how the defunct Urban Elements had the place set up. Oh, and the ladies room has a sink that I totally covet. Totally.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,4/24/2012,3217,762,4,5,6>I have strategically chosen Locally Grown Gardens to be my first Yelp review as it is my favorite local spot in the city. From the reggae music to the sugar cream - Locally Grown Gardens is heaven in a gas station. But, back to the sugar cream pie. Ron Harris, the chef and reggae-sharing owner dishes out THE best sugar cream pie. Even the crust is good. The insides sloppily ooze over the sides - the messier, the better. When hosting friends from outside Indiana, Locally Grown Gardens is our first stop on the Circle City tour. On top of the free reggae CDs, library chok full of food and gardening books and good vibes, Ron, the King of Pie, knows my name. Now, that's something special.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,4/23/2012,122,38,3,2,2>Huge fan.  Service was great.  Love the margaritas.  No fountain machine.  An authentic loving touch of tequila to every single one.  Maybe that's why they went down so fast.  Tacos were delightful.  Little confused at the motif.  Inside mexican...outside Tiki bar.  Could of swore when I walked out back they didn't ask for my passport.  Either way the margaritas were just as amazing out there too.  I would of given it 5 stars if I would have walked out back and been greeted with a lovely Hawaiian Leis around my neck and Tattoo welcoming me to Fantasy Island with a Yelp Elite Lunch box. Seriously Awesome place.  My 5th star is probably a little tough to attain.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,4/22/2012,68,197,3,6,2>While, I've not dined in at India Palace,  I have scored copious amounts of take out.  Twice.Their Onion Bhaji's are great and huge!  Vegetable samosas are really tasty, too.  Full of potatoes and peas, they are wrapped in a dough that is crispy on the outside.  Add a little Tamarind Chutney to either for a fun taste explosion!Chicken Makhani and Chicken Tikka Masala are both great dishes, but are very similar.  So, if you are looking to order a variety, don't order both of these.  Punjabi Bhaji is basically onion fritters in the masala sauce, but it's so good.  A tasty vegetarian option for sure.We've also had varied types of curry and korma.  All good!  Of course, you have to have naan and papads to have with your meal.  I mean, you just have to!Also, you know, the last time I went to pick up a take out order... one of the guys slipped me a $5 coupon.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,4/20/2012,25,218,2,2,2>Best espresso + traditional cappuccino in Indy, hands down.Bjava is that soulful little coffee shop you remember from your favorite vacations, the off-the-beaten-path local spot that you wished you could visit every day.  Except it's in Indianapolis and you CAN get it whenever you need it.  Breakfast sandwiches are great (Smoking Goose ham!) and they always have a few other muffin/pastry items.Be sure to order that cappuccino 'traditional' and in a mug, then sit down and enjoy the experience.  It's simply not the same in a paper to-go cup ... just leave your house a few minutes earlier so you can enjoy it inside Bjava instead of on the road.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,4/19/2012,66,229,3,4,6>I've been frequenting the market since I started working across the street in 1999. It was a bustling and awesome spot for lunch with numerous choices... some still there today. I ate so many nachos from the old Mexican food place on the 2nd floor. I probably took years off my life consuming that much beef and oh-so-awesome queso. The place was always packed, but then over the years the vendors left and so did the people. They tried to bring it back, but it didn't really work. It was just me eating cheesesteaks, or stuffed grape leaves, and my homeless neighbors chillin' out. Now that I work downtown less frequently, the damn place is better than ever... figures. Oh well, I guess it makes me appreciate my visits more. There are more awesome, fresh, and local food vendors than ever. More choices than ever in general. Even beer!! It is a great place, and I am glad it is "back."
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,4/18/2012,15,115,,4,1>I don't think that SoC had any idea that Groupon would cause their business to explode the way it has. As a pre-Groupon and post-Groupon customer I'm really sad to see that their customer service hasn't been as fantastic for some people as it has always been for me.My husband and I went a couple weeks ago on a Saturday night and found the dining room packed for the first time ever. We were excited to see they had so much business but decided to get our pizza to go. The cashier (who was polite but it was clear that she had already had a very long, tiring day) told us that it was going to be an hour and a half wait. This made me sad because my husband was hungry and he hates to wait when his stomach is growling. So I asked him "Do you want to go somewhere else?" And his reply of "No, I want *this* for dinner." surprised me." So we put in our order, went into downtown and had a couple beers, then came back and picked up our pizza. He said it was worth the wait and I completely agree. But next time I think we'll call our order in ahead of time. It's hard to wait for their pizza once you've been inside the place and smelled the delicious aromas coming from their kitchen.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,4/17/2012,111,194,1,5,5>I have been doing, ahem, careful and frequent research on the best pizza experience in Indianapolis.That's right, not just the best pizza but the best pizza experience.  That's because for me the whole experience is sacred.  I want more than a chewy/crispy crust, the perfect sauce/crust ratio, and some quality toppings.  I want all of that, but I also want a waitperson who greets me warmly and patiently answers questions.  A ceramic bowl of mixed olives put in front of me while I look at the menu.  Comfortable chairs.  I want special salads like ones with local greens and edible flowers.  An atmosphere which inspires me to savor and linger.  I want outside seating.  I want creativity.  I want quality.  I want art.  I want what I get at Napolese every time I go.Apparently a lot of other people want all of that too, so if you don't want to wait for a table then go before 7pm or after 8pm (it gets very loud during that hour too for some reason).Also, these are thin crust, Neapolitan pizzas so there's no shame in ordering a whole one for yourself!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,4/16/2012,109,103,,4,2>An Independent Family owned Pancake house/Diner!As far as diner/breakfast joints go this one is gorgeous the entire north side of the restaurant is like a sun room, so obviously it's cheery & bright inside. Nice comfy attractive booths (which are unfortunately kind of a rarity in the restaurant world, why is that?) I had the Chef's Crepes, which were wonderful even the bites with no topping or filling were very flavorful.  We will return as I found FOUR Manhattans on the menu!!! They have a chicken fried steak Manhattan that has my name written all over it.Many Greek choices sprinkled through out the traditional American Diner fare on the menu. A clean cheerful dinning room, prompt staff, and extensive reasonably varied menu = I've found a new Sunday brunch joint much closer to home, and that's a real good thing.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,4/15/2012,91,218,3,3,1>OK! I have to admit moving from Texas, where there are mom and pop donuts shops on every corner, I was a bit upset that Dunkin Donuts seemed to be the only donut option in my neighborhood. But thanks to the wonderful reviews by my yelping friends I have found donut goodness at Hilligoss Bakery. First off I must say how much I appreciate walking into a business early in the morning and receiving a genuine smile and "good morning". (Admit it you have come across a crabby patty early in the morning and their attitude threw off your morning mojo!) Now on to the good bits.....Hilligoss Bakery has a fantastic display case of donuts, brownies, cookies, and muffins. Every item in the case looked so fresh and tasty. I had to stand drooling for a moment before I could decide which delicious morsel to choose. The donuts are so light and airy with a perfect glaze.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,4/14/2012,149,388,2,3,3>Good stuff!  They advertise the best shakes in town and they do not dissappoint.  My chocolate ice cream cone featured some pretty intense chocolate flavor.  The ice cream was so dark in chocolate color that it almost seemed black in against the night light!  The strawberry shake was not too thick, but just thick enough to be sinful.  I will try to make this regular stop from now on.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,4/13/2012,29,74,4,6,2>Not the greatest area and I definitely would not go alone after the sun goes down, but the bbq here is amazing. The rib tips are probably the best thing here. The ribs are really good too. Their menu mainly consists of ribs, rib tips, and bbq chicken. Never been disappointed with anything.In my opinion, this is one of the best rib joints in the city, even better than King Ribs.The people here are usually pretty friendly, and remember, it is cash only.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,4/12/2012,50,97,4,5,2>I can order a pint and feel like I am drinking in a friend's living room. I can reserve a bottle of the best new sour in the country, and I don't have to drive to Bloomington to pick it up. I can order a flight and read a book without feeling like that doucher at the bar reading a book that everyone points at and asks, "Why is that doucher reading a book in a bar?" I can order a Scratchburger and eat it inside for a change- away from the elements and at my leisure.- I don't feel compelled to hork it down because I can't feel my nose.I only wish there was a little more variety on tap. I've had all the house beers. I've been to the tasting room a dozen times, and rarely is there anything on other than the house beers. Seasonals pass through, but they are generally gone in a day or two. Hopefully, with Upland increasing production in Bloomington we will see more tasting treats on tap here in Indianapolis. Until then, know when the seasonals are being tapped and get there early.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/12/2011,4/11/2012,91,653,,3,4>Love the new, huge location just a few feet north of the old strip mall location.  Pho is the story here and it's a story with a happy ending.  Sweet, savory broth with firm, not overcooked, noodles.I wish the portions were a little bit larger.  The bowls are a little small.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,4/10/2012,159,60,2,4,2>I finally got into this northside cafe. My parents kept talking about it....the timing just never worked out. Anyways, the holidays came along and I managed to get in here on a Wed for a late morning lunch; I was very satisfied. I had a quiche that was one of the best I have ever had. It could have had a few more ingredients (mush, swiss, zucchini, broccoli) but it was delicious none the less. The coffee was self-serve and endless (and local)...which is terribly important. My dad had a sandwich loaded with Smoking Goose meat, so I appreciate the local touch. I did not taste any of it, but they also had food to take with in the cabinet, a la Hoaglins on the Go for all you Mass Ave'rs.The only thing is that they are not open on Sundays, but since this is a small, locally-owned joint, I am glad they have the day off. I reckon I will get the omelet next time to see how it compares to a Hoaglin or Patachou one.A north-side gem that I would expect to find downtown.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,4/9/2012,158,135,3,3,3>Let's call this review-"The Tale of The Food Baby"  -We had heard that this place was great and it did not disappoint.  The guacamole is fresh, they bring to your table three different salsas, each one more fabulous than the next.  Then, the entree comes. The pork is the standout here.  We each enjoyed our meals.  My only complaint is they seem to use a syrup in their margaritas which is a bit overly sweet. We also noticed they have an amazing beer list but did not partake this time, since the food baby was already getting outta control! The service here again, is top-notch, and I kind feel that by far the service in Indianapolis trumps that of anywhere else we've been.  It's as though each server is even nicer than the next, and that says a lot. Also, I must mention this place has a pretty cool vibe and atmosphere. So back to the tale of the food baby, well we left feeling full and well, thats when the food baby comes. I am glad we rode around on our bikes for an hour after to work some of that amazing meal off!  Real fresh authentic Mexican food that will leave you with your very OWN food baby!!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2011,4/8/2012,56,252,,5,3>This is an interesting restaurant.  It is very, very small, does not serve alcohol (although you can bring your own), and has excellent food.  I had the cheeseburger and frites.  The patty was very thin and the meat seemed lean.  It came with chipotle ketchup and their "special sauce" (1000 island dressing).  It was excellent, but could have been larger.  I also tried the clam chowder (which was excellent) and the bone-in pork chop with chorizo (above average, but not great).  The prices were acceptable.The staff did an excellent job and were extraordinarily friendly.  Honestly, they were the best part of the dining experience.There were two things that were simply unacceptable about this restaurant.  First, it was unbelievably cold. This place needs to either improve their heat or build an entryway.  Second, they do not have a soda fountain.  My Diet Coke came in a can.  No free refills.  UNACCEPTABLE!  Needless to say, I had a very bad first impression of this place.  Luckily, things got much better when the food came.  Will I return?  Who knows?
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,4/7/2012,47,296,2,2,2>My dad and I were in the downtown area and on a whim my dad wanted a gyro and suggested we go to Ali Baba's across the street from the Hilton. I was not going to argue because I do in fact love gyros, so I eagerly accepted the idea. The restaurant is also a hookah lounge, but since we were in there around lunch time, between 11am and 12pm, there was no one smoking inside. The lounge is separated from the area of the restaurant where you consume your food without inhaling smoke. The music was very loud for a sit-down eating experience, especially for that time of the day, so that wasn't great, but the food tends to make up for it. I ordered the full spicy gyro sandwich with tzatziki sauce and my dad did a half sandwich of the same dish. The gyro was delicious. Spicy, but not overwhelming, and I was able to easily eat the entire thing. We also ordered a lamb appetizer pizza. It was also delicious, but somewhat small. Since we both got gyros, it wasn't a big deal and were probably somewhat happy it was so small, but for a party of more than two people, I would consider getting something else. Our pizza consisted of four tiny pieces of pizza. But all very delicious pizza. The feta cheese is strong, and the spices are plentiful, so be prepared for what you are ordering--it's a very strong dish. I was beyond pleased with the food. The service was good also, but mind you, we were the only two people in the restaurant. The server was foreign, so that could potentially be hard to understand for some, but it was fine for us. The food came within about 15 minutes; a perfect amount of time for light conversation. Something I thought was neat was that there were small tables outside, so on a nice spring/summer day, you could enjoy your meal outside on the sidewalks of downtown Indianapolis.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,4/6/2012,75,276,7,6,5>ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOMWhat, you couldn't hear what I was saying? OK, I better talk quickly before they come around again. As I was saying, Boston has Fenway, Louisville has Churchill Downs, and Indianapolis has the Speedway. If you can only attend one event in Indianapolis in your life, make it the Indy 500. You don't see IMS, you experience it. There are events throughout the month of May leading up to the race. Take some chairs and sit on the Turn 3 viewing mounds for Pole Day. Go to the concert on Carb Day and the parade on Saturday. Most importantly, go to the race the Sunday before Memorial Day. People have been coming from all over the world for this race for 100 years.ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM  The track itself is huge. Even bigger than Shaquille O'Neal. Wear comfortable shoes and clothes. Going anywhere requires a lot of walking. If you get the chance, go on a practice day and walk around the pit area. Chances are you'll run into drivers, owners, and legends like Johnny Rutherford, Mario Andretti, and Matt F (just seeing if you were still paying attention). ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOMI have read some complaints about the food and drink options. You mean they sell food and drinks? I must have missed them when I was digging in my COOLER that I can bring in with any food or drinks I want! Seriously, this is the best bargain in sports. Pack a lunch and as many beers as you can physically carry. If it's only a six pack, dump the lunch for more beer and start working out. ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOMOne important thing. Contrary to what some may believe, the track is an acceptable place to take kids. I actually love to see families at the track because the future of the sport is somewhat questionable and young fans will eventually turn into ticket-buying old fans.   This ain't no Children's Museum though. Be prepared to see anything and everything there. I didn't know people could even have tan lines in some of those places. ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOM, ZOOMI could go on and on about this place. If you've never been, do yourself a favor and get a ticket. If you see me in the stands or in the infield, stop by and say hello. The beer's on me. Now, if you'll excuse me, if have to catch the end of the race. It looks like J.R. Hildebrand is going to win it. There is no way he could lose it with one turn left...
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,4/5/2012,57,152,3,4,3>Wow. How does this only have 3 reviews so far?? Maybe since it hasn't been open that long... but I'm a little surprised! This place has everything... Seriously, everything that you could think you want to make a delicious dinner, including some crazy looking dulces for after! I came here for lunch this past week with some friends and had a veggie burrito. Let's be honest, lettuce, tomato, rice, a little bit of beans, and some sour cream don't sound all that exciting. However, add to that a fantastic, homemade tortilla, the fact that all of the ingredients tasted like they were picked from a garden a half hour before I got there (except for the sour cream, of course,) and the fact that a burrito the size of a small loaf of bread cost only $4 and kept me full until dinner time, and you've got a winner! Everything else on the menu is meat burritos, tacos, etc. but it all looks super fantastic. My coworkers got the steak burritos that they absolutely loved. I may come back to check out the grocery store again some time, but will definitely be back for another $4 enormous veggie burrito! Oh yeah, this is also the only grocery store I've ever been in that had a fully stocked bar in it. Yeah, a fully stocked bar. I bet the place gets rowdy on weekend nights, but there's only one way to find out...
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,4/4/2012,122,723,4,11,5>I pass this place often in the evening, on my way from work to home, yet I've just never stopped. Why? Mostly because I try not to eat deep-fried stuff...it's just too delicious. Today though...it's PI DAY!! And that calls for a celebration, evidently of the deep-fried nature (I make the rules up as I go). I walked in and saw bright, freshly painted walls, a checkerboard floor, 7 yellow chairs, and a small bullet resistant glass window. During the 10 minutes I waited for my food to be freshly fried, I chatted with another customer. The lady told me she's been going to Shrimp Hut for 30, maybe 40 years and it was still the same family. She said she'd followed them "all over town" (there are other locations). She also said the only shrimp she'd had that was better was AT LEAST 30 years ago, at a place that wouldn't serve blacks...so she'd only been there once, when her white coworkers brought her for lunch & threatened to leave if she wasn't served "My how times have changed..." Then her order was ready and we said good-bye. I had the perch & shrimp lunch special. For under $6 (including tax) I received a small lemonade, crinkle fries, 2 breaded pieces of perch, 3 medium+ battered shrimp, 2 pieces of white bread (not restaurant grade...softer), and an assortment of condiments (hot sauce, cocktail sauce, mustard, ketchup). It was SO GOOD!! Really hot & fresh and this was the real shock: not greasy despite being fried. The shrimp were tasty and not tough with just the right amount of batter. Breading on the perch was light and not overcooked. The loan employee I interacted with greeted me, was polite, and answered my questions. Several desserts and side dishes are available as well as whiting, catfish, oysters, and frog legs. There's no place to eat-in so be prepared to have a car picnic or find a park...there's decent green space at the corner of 23rd & New Jersey with benches and lots of grass, and there are picnic tables in front of the Oaks Academy charter school (23rd & Broadway-ish).
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,4/3/2012,184,188,,6,3>Indiana Sunday beer laws are so stale, yet I still find myself wishing I could purchase on Sunday without going to a sit down restaurant.  Which is why I'm ecstatic about finding the Bier Brewery, and somewhat ashamed I've not written about it before now.  They have a great selection of brews each week, beginning on Wednesday through Sunday, but have been running out midweek due to their popularity.  If you're unaware, they've won several awards for their suds, one of which being my favorite; Sessie.  Staff is knowledgeable and friendly, eager to share information and allow you to sample their current offerings.  I've taken several friends in with me and proudly gifted a friend with their 32 oz. 'Fruit Cocktail' brew, pint glass & sticker to share the love.  Make a point to get there and judge for yourself.  They'll fill your growlers from other stores and you might just like it so much you'll bump my 'duchess' status ; )
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,4/2/2012,20,42,8,3,3>This place is hilarious.It's borderline 'southside', off 31.  Stand alone little white bldg behind a Firestone tire and in front of a strip plaza with an MCL. I spotted it off the road while sitting at a stoplight and thought "well the sign says (in actual red letter caps) BIG DONUT, I wonder if that's really what they actually sell in there??"Surprise, they do!Ok-- first off you walk in and the place itself is drab and uncomfortable looking with a drone from a poorly tinted 30-yr old tv and stools and faded dusty plastic flowers and stuff like that.  it reminds me of the janitor's office in my elementary school... which, ahem, itself was torn down many years back.  And the glass cases look like they've not been polished since the Carter administration. Think it's a safe assumption that they've certainly been there since then.Speaking of Pres Carter, I'm not sure anyone in the place had teeth. the shop lady included!  Um, meaning, one would have to assume the donuts have gotta be soft & melt-in-your-mouth quality.... ;)Which they are. shockingly good. Very tender and fresh and spongy and just the right degree of sweet.  Really pleasantly surprised.  reminded me of Hart Bakery's kind of donut (if you've been to Hart Bakery (eastside), which is totally old school great btw).Are they 'big', you ask?  well guess what folks the BIG DONUT actually lives as a special menu item!!  He is $3.50, they make about 8 of him a day.  I posted a pic for y'all to compare.  Note he has a fraternal twin brother too,  top half is a chocolate flavored yeast, and the bottom half is a regular 'original' flavored yeast. fun!But hold up, wait for it... what's that on the board below Mr. Big? They also have Mr. Big Godfather, his proper given name is MONSTER donut!!  Yes really!!!  I was told he is as big as as a pizza, obviously he requires a special advance pre-order summons, believe he is $10.BTW, many more yeast vs cake varieties. Your expected types-- glazed, long johns, sugar twist, cream, etc. Nothing terribly novel-- I think all the creativity in the shop was totally exhausted on the Hon Senors Big & Monster... cake varieties-- their cinn sugar and powdered are both good with crunchy inner ring edges.  yum. Oh, they also have apple fritters.Who woulda guessed.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,4/1/2012,120,222,4,4,3>This ain't Great Grandpa Flatley's potato, this is one deliciously far out spud!  Imagine gourmet baked potatoes that are piled high with some of the best comfort food around, served for your optimized mobility.  I sampled the Brickyard BBQ Spud: a humungore baked potato dressed with slow-cooked bbq pulled pork, cheesy carrots/broccoli, peppers, hearty bacon, and a [healthy] dollop of sour cream.  Holy Mackerel, what a 'tato!  They also have a couple more variations (some crazy mac&cheese version of the Brickyard) and a few vegan options too.  Give them a try, this truck won't disappoint.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,3/31/2012,41,120,,4,3>My grandfather was a cook in WWII and legend has it that when he got home, he would usually make large quantities of whatever he was making since he was used to serving up meals for his fellow troops.   When I saw my pancakes at Grandma's Pancake House on Sunday morning, I thought for a second that my Grandfather was back in the kitchen.   This beautiful stack of four plate sized pancakes was placed in front of me, I was shocked.   Covered in beautiful baked apples and a light dusting of powered sugar, it was a bit of a work of delicious art.  I even mentioned to my better half that it looked a little like the Capital Records building in LA.   Our server was great and did give me a little light natured teasing about not being able to finish my meal.   The size aside, I have never tasted pancakes like these before.  Apple cinnamon pancakes with just the right amound of spice to provide a comforting kiss to the taste buds.   Sadly, we don't live closer to Shelbyville, but I would happily recommend this nice little gem to anyone travelling up and down I-74 between Indianapolis and Cincinnati.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,3/30/2012,34,58,4,4,4>I've never been to Peru, so I cannot speak to the authenticity of the food.  But I went there for dinner and was very pleased with my meal.  Based on prior reviews I think perhaps they don't have different prices for lunch and dinner, because my meal was only $9.  I had the deep fried fish, which came in very lightly breaded strips.  It looked a bit like fries, but slightly larger.  The fish was wonderfully fresh and moist inside, and really didn't seem oily at all.  The salad and yucca served with it were both very tasty.  One of my friends got a dinner that consisted of spaghetti in a creamy sauce with flat steak, served with a very hot pepper sauce on the side, so you could mix it to your preferred spiciness level.  I tried a bit, and it was great.  I don't even like steak, but the thin cut and seasonings made it really tasty.  (You still get a lot of meat--the steak stretched across both sides of the plate!)  My other friend had the steak with various sides, which really didn't seem that special to me but he did get the plantains that the rest of us didn't get.One downside is that they don't serve alcohol, but you can easily overcome that like we did by stopping by the Fountain Square Brewery beforehand and the Red Lion bar afterwards.Our waitress was very friendly and very helpful.  The food took a little while to be served, but I get the impression it is just one cook back there so that is understandable.  It wasn't too long, but you wouldn't want to go there if you are on a tight schedule. So based on the prior poor lunch reviews from some people I know are good reviewers, it seems they may be a better choice for dinner.  But I do recommend giving them a try.  I will be back.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,3/29/2012,42,115,5,10,8>So let me just start by saying, I love haircuts. I mean, I absolutely LOVE getting haircuts. They are the highlight of my ear. a good haircut can make you feel great, by making you look great, but a great salon experience can make you feel like a millionaire movie star.That's how I felt at Salon Orange Moon. For $25, I got a free coffee, a Christmas cookie, a massage, shampoo, mini facial, haircut, a great stylist consultation, and free nick trims in between visits. These is an awesome package at an amazingly reasonable price. But here's the kicker: I've been to other salons that offered these same amenities, at comparable prices. But there's has always been a hint of a snub, a little but of stuck-up, nose-in-the-air attitude that was ever so slightly resentful because they had me pegged from the start as a customer who was shopping on a budget and wasn't going to be dropping a ton of money in their store. You all know what I'm talking about. That ever-so-subtle air of "We'll serve you, but you are not our priority, Mr. cheapskate." I never once felt that attitude at Orange Moon. I felt accepted and sincerely welcomed from the minute I stepped in the door. I may seem like a small thing, but let's face it, nobody wants to go somewhere they feel unwelcome. It is that small bit of sincerity that will keep me coming back here for years. Now, I don't talk much during a haircut. I love getting them, but I usually just like to sit quietly and enjoy the experience.  But the guy I had, Jacob, was the best conversationist I've ever met in the hair industry. He magically and seamlessly kept the conversation going, without feeling forced, and got me out of my shell and past my usually monosyllabic responses into a real discussion, one where I felt like I was being listened to, instead of just patronized. Amazing.Jacob's other skills? (Besides the haircut, which turned out fantastically.) He managed to have a comfortable and masculine conversation with me while massaging my neck, or shampooing my head, or whatever, and there wasn't the slightest sense of awkwardness between us. That is a difficult line to walk, my friend. I did not even know it was possible.Impeccably skilled, and with an outstanding atmosphere and attention to detail, Salon orange Moon is worthy of every accolade it has received. If Apple built a hair salon, I imagine it would be something like this.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,3/28/2012,34,61,5,4,5>I came in here a couple weeks ago in search of a travel backpack; I pack light, travel hard, and thus---my (Kohl's clearance) backpack I bought in 2011 didn't even make it through 2012. With a serious trip coming up, I had to step up my game. I like wearing things before I buy 'em, as well as giving my money to a local instead of Amazon, so I visited Rusted Moon for the first time. After hearing out my space & durability & use needs, the clerk-dude suggested a few models of Osprey packs. And after hearing how I busted through my last pack...mentioned that Osprey's come with a lifetime guarantee. Cool! That's information I can dig...bro. After looking at several models, clerk-dude mentioned an anniversary sale for the coming weekend. Featuring some of the same Osprey packs. I was planning on thinking it over anyhow, so I came back on the weekend, got a sweet sale price, and ended up with a backpack that makes my past two seem like Ziploc bags with faulty straps. Thanks for hooking me up with tips that advocate my tread-lightly, pack-even-lighter philosophy!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,3/27/2012,185,178,6,6,4>Does anyone remember what life was like before Sun King Brewing?  I think I was just an amoebae in the primordial ooze.  Thank you Sun King for delivering me from that muddy one-celled existence.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,3/26/2012,30,79,2,12,1>My boyfriend and I went to Signature at the Propylaeum for a wine tasting dinner just a few months ago and had a wonderful time! The Propylaeum itself is such an amazing building, built in 1890. We arrived early to tour the whole mansion top to bottom. I love architecture and am just so impressed that such a beautiful, well-preserved gem is here in Indianapolis!During the event, the food was great, and we even joked around with the waiters, who were really nice. The owner herself led the discussion about wine pairings - I learned a lot since she was very knowledgeable. She seemed really passionate about her business and making sure her guests had a great time.Be aware that at pretty much any event like this, there are going to be multiple parties at a table. So if you're looking for a romantic, secluded evening, this isn't the event for you. But chatting with others during the evening can be a lot of fun! We had a blast and plan on returning, either for another wine tasting evening or one of Signature's other events.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,3/25/2012,179,458,5,4,8>I feel like Ron Swanson visiting Charles Mulligan's Steakhouse when I go to steak night at Chef JJ's Back Yard.  This was 2nd steak class and we throughly enjoyed it.  Chef JJ has found his groove and provided us with with education and entertainment.  We tried four different types of steak.  Wet-aged, dry-aged, and USDA Prime top sirloin.  We also had a smoked beef tenderloin.  They were all delicious.  Every time I go, I can't wait to fire up our egg at home and grill.Chef Jenna provided us with an awesome dessert that was so rich and delicious.  It made me crave an ice cold glass of trader's point milk.  Chef Steve and Omar did their parts well.  Rebecca was not there.  :(  We miss Rebecca!  She did help us book our steak night, but I think the next time we book, we want to make sure she is there.  The Chef JJ/Jenna/Rebeca is the optimal starting line up at the Backyard.  I highly recommend this experience.  It is truly an Indianapolis gem.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,3/24/2012,67,22,4,5,4>Is there such thing as fast food for lunch anymore. If you work a traditional 9-5 gig (well, these days it's more like 8-5), good luck trying to make a quick trip to the drive through during lunch. If it's an established restaurant, a quick trip just isn't happening. Chances are pretty good that there will be a long line and of course, the price of everything is going up, including the food. A trip to the local burger shop can easily cost you $7.00 and a 5-7 minute wait before your food is served. Well there's a spot in Carmel that recognized the problems that many people go through.J. Razzo's has discovered a solution. First off, there's no drive through. That alone eliminates the drive through wait time. Secondly there's plenty of parking. Third, there's no plastic spoons or forks. This a restaurant, not a fast food spot. Lets examine how they've filled a void along the Meridian Street area in Carmel.If you're near the area of 126th and Meridian in Carmel, you already have an uphill battle. There's not really any "fast food" spots anywhere near you. That's a problem in of itself. Secondly, most employers only offer an hour for lunch. This could be a problem if it takes you 20 minutes of driving time to get to a food establishment and back. That only leaves 40 minutes to order your food, have it prepared, then actually consume it. Lunch should be an enjoyable experience, not a rush to eat as fast as you can, before you have to return back to work. So here's the solution that J.Razzo's has come up with. For starters, if you want to enjoy lunch the food needs to be good and it's delicious at this spot. The house salad is marvelous and the pasta salad leaves you thinking that you should've asked for more. The Italian Cheeseburger is tasty, and forget about coffee, their chocolate cake will give you all the energy you need to get through the afternoon. Secondly their lunch menu has been deeply analyzed. The ravioli and spaghetti can be made within 10 minutes. Those are times that can compete with your local pizza parlor and a few so call, quick dining spots in the area. As far as standing in line, forget it. They have tables with an amazing staff. You won't be standing, you'll be sitting in the life of luxury. Dim lighting and low music makes this location perfect for entertaining clients and conversing with co-workers. Lets take a look at the prices. A value meal these days can get up to $7.00. Seriously??? Where's the value in that? What do you get for that $7.00?  A burger, french fries, with ketchup packages and paper napkins. Lets get real. On top of that, you have to take care of your own trash. For $7.00, I should at least get a waiter. Add a couple of dollars and replace the paper napkins with nice washable napkins. The packages of ketchup get replaced with gourmet sauces. Don't worry about throwing away your dishes, the staff will take care of that for you. How could anyone in the area choose a spot to eat for lunch over this location? After enjoying an unbelievable lunch at this restaurant only one thought came to mind; "I can't wait until I'm hungry again". Simply put, this is one of the best lunch spots in the area.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,3/23/2012,141,70,,4,3>I had to delay on this review and later......you will find out why!I absolutely love the The Canterbury Hotel and LOVE their restaurant and their bar.  Nicky Blaine's has been my favorite bar downtown for several years, but now I think it is here!  When I have out-of-town guests, this place immediately comes to mind when we are downtown.  Even if you aren't dining here and maybe hit St. Elmo's or elsewhere for dinner, the Canterbury is great for some pre/post dinner drinks!!Amazing ambience, great bartenders, excellent staff....LOVE the valet guys and great food.  The Mushroom Cappuccino Soup is to die for.  I have had the Pan Seared Mero Sea Bass a few times and love it.  Also, this is a place that I treat myself to a Dirty Vodka Martini, because I know it is going to be amazing. Free valet parking if you dine at Turner's is a major plus, even though I have free employee parking across the street until 6pm.  YET, I valet parked there in late May for dinner only to find my brand new Gucci sunglasses missing from my car after dining.  I was extremely sad and very disappointed...yet my gut told me the staff never took them.  They just couldn't have!!  They are amazing.  I don't know what happened, but they were gone.  Yet, after several email, fax and phone exchanges, I was mailed a check for what I paid for the sunglasses.   THIS alone, reinstated my LOVE for the Canterbury.  I was worried for a while...... Thank you!!Even better....Wasatch Lake vehicles out front on a weekly basis.  It may not mean much to you, but my Dad has lived near there all of my life and I LOVE seeing this!!!'Such a classy place.  ...and Dave Matthews used to stay there, so of course, I love it =)
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,3/22/2012,20,66,2,9,4>I found Evolve through Yelp reviews, as I was looking for a salon closer to my office downtown. I was greeted the instant I walked in and was offered a drink, and my stylist Amanda was lovely and was very interested in how I felt about my hair and how much time I want to spend every morning when I get ready.  It was clear that she wanted to give me a 'do that I could easily style myself that fit my personality and lifestyle. She even made sure I knew how to replicate what she did so my hair would always look salon-perfect. Major points for that. Now that I've been to a few appointments with her, she continues to teach me new tricks -- big curls one day, edgy waves the next.As far as atmosphere, I always look to whether a salon is really clean. When you're in the chair, you have nothing to do but look around, and it always drives me nuts to see dirt and dust bunnies in corners and along the wall. Thankfully, Evolve was clean and tidy, and the decor was very chic and modern. I adored the artwork, but of course, the one piece I wanted wasn't for sale (you'll see it when you get your shampoo).I've gotten tons of compliments on my new cut and color, and I've already booked another appointment to see Amanda. Definitely give this place a try -- you won't regret it.Like someone else said, Evolve is by a chocolate shop... as well as a wine/cheese shop, cupcake shop, and frozen yogurt shop... in case anyone was looking for ideas of where to stop after their appointment. :)
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,3/21/2012,37,164,,6,1>Oh, yes, I'm a fan. It's so amazing to find locally owned restaurants close to home. Noblesville has three diners I've been to: Rosie's Place, Ginger's Cafe and the Uptown Cafe. There are a few more and I'm making the rounds and will get to them soon, but these three are a great start.Uptown Cafe is smallest and if they have a wait there is little room to wait in. Plus they're closed Mondays :(Ginger's is largest and is open 7 days. Amazing serviceBut on to Rosie's Place. The space is the former Artist's Vineyard and they've left the exposed-brick walls in place but added a glassed-in kitchen. The place is well lit and it makes the food look great (which it is!).They serve breakfast all day (which is until 3 pm. LOVE the longer hours than the other cafe's in town. When I was there for lunch and ordered th corned beef, I was asked "Hash or Rueben". I was delighted. That told me the CB was fresh and used all day long. Served on swirled rye with their light cole slaw and the usual cheese and thousand island dressing, it was a treat. I could have made it on just half a sandwich because it was so full of ingredients. Save room for dessert! They have a large selection of cakes, pies, cookies and muffins, all made in-house. I tried the peach crumble muffin and was thrilled to find chunks of peaches in the muffin. Had to eat it with a fork due to all the wonderful crumbly toppings.My one complaint is they serve sodas by the $1.95 can. Ugh. But I can get by that with all the other great things going on here!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,3/20/2012,34,69,7,4,7>I hate Goose the Market.  Minutes into the first visit I understood that this little meat counter would smash down my entire food paradigm, take far more than its fair share of my money, impose its terrifying standard upon a lifetime of gustatory memory - exposing past culinary delights as mere echoes of their potentials - and mostly just mess me up, big time.How was this so instantly clear? The sandwich. The sandwich is comprised of different ingredients every time I eat it (3 of the 5 offerings rotate continually), but there is one constant: zero, and I mean ZERO shortcuts. The meats are sourced directly from in-state farms, butchered/brined/cured/smoked/grilled entirely in-house; the plant materials are local and seasonally fresh, brined and pickled with full microorganism participation; the bread is a fully-leavened French-style baguette, nothing but water-flour-salt-delicious yeast.  You taste this in your mouth and it's just obvious. Every component is beyond reproach. There are no gaps. Each ingredient represents a full, honest expression of its potential. You consume one sandwich and you KNOW you have crossed a border, that your concept of food will no longer be quite the same.You see, the sandwich is also a nice hearty meal, and just $7.50.  Which makes it, like, Regular food. This is absurd. Before, you could always count on Regular food and Special food. Regular food was defined by the shortcut: a price/quantity/convenience target needed to be hit; a compromise had to be made. Regular food was what you got when you spent regular amounts of money, ate out at the regular spots, made regular meals at home, and shopped in the regular places for ingredients. It was the gourmet 5-cheese blend at the grocery store, the lunch sandwich/burger/burrito/pita, the $11-25 plate at the average restaurant, the premium deli meat, the all-natural organic boxed stock, the three universal varieties of tomatoes, the six universal varieties of apples, and the every-jug-identical 2% milk.To find Special food, at least around these parts, you had two options - to spend big money, or to look in the cracks. Special food was always a bit mythic, its calling cards being traditional artisanal methods and alternatively-sourced raw ingredients. Heirloom tomatoes at a farmers' market. A rural relative's farm-to-table whole-pig roast. Exotic, expensive imported cured meats from a little independent Italian shop. An artisanal bakery making real flour-water-salt-yeast bread. It was conceivable that you could make your meals nothing but Special food, if you committed enough effort (or, as alluded to above, enough funds to fly out to California and have the French Laundry plate those ingredients for you). But it wasn't easy. And it definitely wasn't Regular.That, more or less, is how I understood things. Before.Apparently, what happened is this: Chris Eley stood up and said "I will open a shop in which only Special food is welcome. I will bring in a wide range of Special food from various traditions, both old world and new. I will join these traditions with my own meatcraft, powered by Special ingredients that will come exclusively from the nearby countryside. In short, I will draw together the disparate strands of what this culture understands as Special food and redefine them as That Which I Sell. "Oh, and I will take the results of my efforts, slap together an unassuming sandwich, sell it for less than a combo meal at Fazoli's, and thus neatly alchemize Special food into Regular food."So I enter, and am ruined. The sandwich is like the sun through a magnifying glass. "This is possible?" I think. "In our current food culture THIS is possible?? How can I now eat elsewhere, knowing that there exists a shop in which the Special has been made Regular?"  It's an enormous upheaval, the idea that one can walk into a place in midtown Indianapolis and know that every offering within, regardless of price, is REAL FOOD. The siren song of Goose the Market calls to me at all mealtimes.  Everything I once enjoyed in the Regular food realm now scowls at me with glaring deficiencies. I strive to spread my budget, to explore, but this little 3-sandwich rotation menu offers a larger world than that vast majority of menus citywide. I cannot eat grocery store deli meats without a sense of mournful lost opportunity. I cannot eat submarine sandwiches without tasting abject emptiness in the glaringly shortcut-made bread. I cannot even look at Regular bacon.Goose the Market has enslaved me to its ideals, its seductive imagining of food. It has rewired my brain to expect the astounding within the confines of Regular life. As long as I live near it, I must dutifully indulge in its delights. If ever I move away, I will surely expend foolish sums of time and money trying to assemble, patchwork-style, the sensory pleasure it currently injects into my life.And I will surely fail, and be sad. Thanks, Goose the Market. You suck.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,3/19/2012,140,444,5,7,3>Hey hot mamas....do you have hips and thighs and rounder body parts than the stick figures you see in Victoria's Secrets?  Well, I can tell you that skip right on by VS and head to Soma Intimates.  Since having kiddos, this is my go-to place for all things under the clothes and even for a few fun dress up wardrobe pieces from dresses to jackets!  I love the quality of fabrics, the no slip undies, the perfect fit (no back fat) bras, the super soft comfort of the PJs, the fun slippers, amazing robes....awwwweeee sigh.  I am not a shopper so to get me out of my house and off the internet is something of  a miracle.  I love the ladies who work in this store.  They are always very nice, accommodating and helpful.  Overall, I highly recommend this store where you should find some kind of underwear comfort and who the hell doesn't need that?!?!?!That's what I thought.  Now, go. You won't regret it.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,3/17/2012,210,195,14,2,2>Peppy grill has been a staple of late night dining for years and hopefully will continue.I'm a breakfast food fanatic and Peppy is the perfect spot for me to fulfill that obsession. Sure it's dirty and full of crazy people, but I don't want it to be any other way. Advice:  AVOID on Friday or Saturday between 3-5am, it's consistently full of the worst post-bar people that could ever exist.  Get your "WOO!!!" out of my face and go back where you came from.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,3/16/2012,29,34,4,4,3>Union Jack is a fantastic place for a variety of people and variety of reasons to go eat or drink.  I've taken my grandparents and I've taken dates. I've been sober and went to drink and I've been drunk and went to get sober.  Hell, I've been drunk and went to get drunker.  It's a good place to go watch American Football and what the rest of the world calls Real Football (specifically English Premier League).They have an amazing deep dish pizza that will leave you full and content. I've tried the other types of pizza there, but they're Chicago style is my favorite by far.  Even good as a leftover!  Make sure to start off with the delicious pub sticks!The fish and chips really do bring you back to London town (if you've ever been) and you'll likely need a box to go for this as well.  I also recommend the Cuban and Cajun Turkey Burger. Next, comes the beer list!  I believe they keep the total menu almost at 100 beers, with about 15 on tap.  They really will have about anything you'll want and its a great place to try a new beer if you're feeling frisky.  There is an Around the World Beer Club, where you get a "passport" and they will keep track of what all beers you've tried.  I'm not sure if it's still the case, but they used to give you a case of your favorite one after you completed the whole list!  The staff has always been top notch and will provide recommendations for anything.  There are big tables too for groups, but I would suggest calling in a reservation. It really is a place you can bring you parents, significant other, or significant other to meet the parents.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,3/15/2012,71,41,,7,4>Amazing!  I went to Fermenti one morning for breakfast and got a sandwich with 2 eggs, cheese, mustard and apple-ginger kraut and was blown away.  I came back that evening with friends to try dinner.  We each tried a different sandwich and they were all superb.I highly recommend checking this place out, they are bringing a new level to the city market.  If Fermenti Artisan continues to stay open for dinner I will surely become even more of a regular at the Tomlinson Tap Room.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2011,3/14/2012,134,221,4,6,2>This place has SALT BAGELS, which is what I really needed to know. Unfortunately, their supply had been sapped by the time I stopped in. No surprise, since SALT BAGELS are like manna from heaven. I took an onion bagel and tried it at home the next morning. These bagels are the real deal. They're not those air-filled, oddly-flavored wanna-bes you get at Einstein and the like. They're dense and chewy, the way bagels should be. I am cautiously awarding Bagel Fair three stars, pending acquisition of SALT BAGELS, which will be the true test.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,3/13/2012,165,152,5,10,6>Tastefully and tastily appointed. Dark, expansive, masculine bar with feminine touches (a revolver pointed at a squirrel decorates one end of the bar.) Reminds me of a certain other restaurant recently opened on the end of Mass Ave, but with more design nods to the females of our species.Tastebud-wise, the Libertine offers something for all. Sampled many things during my first visit: bison sloppy joe, tomato terrine, apple slaw, raw scallops, fish carpaccio, deviled & pickled eggs. All fresh & delicious. (The bison joe and its pretzel bun were my fave.)And the drinks. Terrific and unique. My pick of the eve was a peaty scotch whiskey cocktail with maple and a bit of lemon. Subtle and perfect.And, of course, the sound. Though it was nearly full, the Libertine wasn't noisy. Music played at decent levels was relaxing and fitting: XX, Beach House, and later, some hip hop and a bit of rock.It's a good thing I don't live closer to the Libertine: as I told my friend before we left, I'd be happy and comfortable enough to fall asleep at the bar.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,3/12/2012,63,46,,8,3>Burmese is one of those southeast Asian cuisines that exhibits influences from its surrounding countries. The curries they have here are strongly Thai and are hands down the best in the city. Another thing that made me love this place is every dish that said it was pork on the menu came to the table as pork belly (my personal favorite part of the pig). The Tofu Kyaw (fried tofu) was also amazing. Great textural dish. If your in the mood for Thai, Chinese, Indian or Vietnamese this place can satisfy all of your urges. Go here.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,3/11/2012,29,66,2,3,3>As so many other reviewers have mentioned, I feel like City Cafe is a spot that I want to keep all to myself, and perhaps that is why I've waited so long to write a review.  Then I remember one of the reasons I love Yelp, and that is to point me in the direction of local favorites no matter what city I'm in - even if it is my hometown.My husband and I have been enjoying breakfast here for several years.  They often try to use fresh, local and even organic items, when available, and the quality really comes through in their food.  One of my favorites is the breakfast burrito with avocado substituted for the sausage with a side of spicy ketchup.  Before I continue, the spicy ketchup is homemade and basically a a somewhat thick hot sauce.  A really, really excellent hot sauce.  You can even purchase a bottle. Today I enjoyed one of the breakfast specials, and my mind was blown.  I dare say it was one of the best breakfasts I've enjoyed in years.  It consisted of homemade black bean ravioli (bear with me) topped with egg, butternut squash, onion, corn, cheese and finished off with some sort of whipped avocado sauce.  Never would I have thought to pair such ingredients, but it was out of this world!  I wish they would add it to the menu.Yes, the space is small, but I don't care.  We often see some of the same people here on the weekend, and it just has a real feel of community that I appreciate.City Cafe - just put that ravioli on the menu.  Oh, and offer the carrot cake pancakes as a special again so I won't have to choose!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,3/10/2012,30,118,3,2,2>In a land filled with mediocre ice cream that I could have bought at the store, Brics makes one of the meanest peanut butter cup milkshakes I've ever had. Peanut allergies and side effects aside, it was totally worth it.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,3/9/2012,137,118,,4,2>There is a lot of stuff on the menu that looks awesome, and I went with the meatloaf sandwich for lunch.The dish comes with pickled squash, which generally isn't my thing, so I got my squash on the side. I picked the sweet potato fries as my side. I was not disappointed.  At all. There are two ways to screw up a meatloaf. You can make it too wet and too soft and have it fall apart and be difficult to eat. You can make it too dry and hard and no-fun. These guys got it just right. Soft enough and flavorful enough for it to easily be chewed, and it didn't fall apart while eating it on a sandwich. It wasn't "dripping wet" where water and fat falls out the bottom, and it wasn't dry where you need to take a swig of a drink with each bite. It was just right. You could taste the hint of oatmeal and other seasonings in there.And then there were the sweet potato fries. Which were finished in brown sugar, too. On some planets, it could qualify as a dessert, but it they were so tasty I couldn't eat them fast enough.For what the food is (fancy-stuff) the price is really reasonable, too. If this place was in California, Chicago or NYC, the sammich I had would have been $15-$18 or so, instead of the $8 on the menu.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,3/8/2012,295,229,10,7,9>I love the Red Key's decor, it's like a dirty Pee Wee's playhouse mixed with an American Legion. I dig that. I'd only been here once before, and this was a long needed trip back. Before I start the review, I'd like to say our bartender/ waitress was so super amazing and saw that I was kind of stressed out and totally made me feel better. The bar-restaurant scene needs more sweethearts like her!I could see Kurt Vonnegut still fitting in here. There were mostly men at the bar wearing tweed and wool sweaters that I am envious of. And everyone looks cooler with elbow patches, it's a page out of 'How to be a Hot, Bespectacled Nerd by Dr. Henry Jones, Jr.' I ordered the pork tenderloin, and yes, this was the first time I've ever done this. Pickles and mustard on a hot tenderloin, I felt pretty Indiana. I don't think they hand dip the tenderloin, it looked kind of perfect and "came from a box"-y, but it was like $4. I ATE DINNER FOR FOUR DOLLARS, OH MY SCIENCE! I tried some of my friend's chili, and it was spicy, not wimpy at all, just the way I like it. Also, give me any place with red vinyl or pleather as upholstery and I am in. If I was friends with John Waters, I would bring him here. I prefer being in places that I could foresee John Waters enjoying, but that's just the kind of girl I am. You win, Red Key, always do.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,3/7/2012,115,150,4,8,4>I love this place like I love my momma. I started tearing up as soon as we walked in.. just the sound of the Korean ladies laughing and talking about their day made me feel like I was back at my momma's house. Yes, I'm still very much homesick even after 2 and half years of living in Indy. I've tried my best to recreate my mom's cooking by either watching tons of "how to cook Korean food" on YouTube or long phone conversations with my mom ("MOM, just move here, I have a extra room!!") but it's never the same. Cafe Korea some VERY close to my mom's cooking and that just makes my heart full.The ajima (older married Korean woman) that took our order was so nice, very funny and always checked to make sure we were doing okay. She kept telling me that I wasn't feeding my fiancé enough because he is so skinny. That's definitely something my mom says to me all the time. :P Dillon ordered bulgogi and I ordered yu ke jang extra spicy (spicy beef soup). We also ordered mandu (dumplings on the menu)---even though I have bags full in my freezer there is nothing like freshly handmade mandu. Our meal came with panch'an (various side dishes like kimchi, sprouts, seasoned spinach) and also a Korean pancake (on the house!) that was made out of sweet potato, carrots and zucchini. We left with full, happy bellies and I was feeling a little less homesick.Tip: If you are an ice drinker, you should try the Korean ice tea. Has a rice flavor and is really refreshing.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,3/6/2012,121,437,3,8,2>Try the tiny restaurant tucked into the back of this grocery store.  Don't come at high traffic times unless you are prepared to eat in your car or take it home.  There are only about 10 seats in this place.  However, the food is phenomenal.  If you're on your bike, get the food to go and zoom over to the zoo or canal (about 3 blocks away).  My fav thing is the tacos.  A medium appetite woman can eat just one.  A big man -- maybe two.  Make sure to add some of their homemade red or green salsa.  They also have pickled jalapenos on the counter.  If you like heat, try the corn, which is covered in crema fresca (they call it mayo), crumbled queso cheese and chili powder.  They also have a pineapple drink that reminds me of an Orange Julius.  As for the rest of the grocery store, the produce is extremely diverse and pretty cheap.  You can get 15 limes for $1.  They also have mangos, cactus, tomatillos, and other Mexican-type produce.  The only reason I can't give 5 stars is that the place is a bit dirty.  That said, the tacos are so good, I'll probably eat them if they served them on the floor.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,3/5/2012,7,49,5,6,4>I've always had poor experiences when I've been stupid enough to go to Moe and Johnny's. The waitresses have been awful, food whatever, drink prices ok not great. On the other hand, the Cornerstone Coffee House is wonderful. The interior looks like a really swanky log cabin. It reminds me of something I'd find in Seattle, rather than Indianapolis. For 1.80 you get unlimited refills of coffee, including the Highlander Grog, which is probably my favorite flavored coffee I've ever had. All of the employees in this half are really friendly and accomodating too.Look, when I'm hungover and tired on a Sunday morning, there's nowhere I'd rather drag myself to than the Cornerstone Coffee House. Hit it up.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,3/4/2012,195,303,3,6,3>Awesome far east side mexican food?  Killer margaritas?  Si, por favor!This is our go-to restaurant when no one wants to cook and we don't want to spend a lot of money.  I started going here when it was across the street from its current location, and am so pleased with the new place.  This is owned by the same people who run the chain of El Rodeo's you see around town, and the menu is consistent throughout all the restaurants.  The new location is easy to see from Washington St, has ample parking, and is very nicely decorated (including a waterfall!).  I almost always get Vegetarian Combo E - a cheese enchilada, cheese quesadilla, and a bean burrito.  This is damn near always more food than I can eat.  Whenever possible, I also pair this with an ultimate margarita, which I believe is made with fresh lime juice rather than sour mix (though I can't speak for the lower end margaritas).  The service here is also always quick and friendly, which is the main difference I've found throughout the El Rodeo chain.  Summary - muy bien!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,3/3/2012,89,180,6,5,2>Live in Greenwood and feeling like Thai food? Head to Thai Spice. Live in Carmel and feeling like Thai food? Head to Thai Spice. Live in Avon and......you get the point.As the kids would say, this place is the bees knees. A table full of vegetarians was able to each choose a delicious meal. We all went with the medium spice as we needed a starting point to measure how spice is done here. Medium is pretty do-able, but I will probably try Hot next time. The service was pretty good and the atmosphere was nice. I didn't see it, but apparently the bathroom faucet is quite the spectacle. The portions were large enough that I was able to enjoy it for a second time the next day at lunch via leftovers. It will be hard to go try other Thai places since I'll just want to go back to Thai Spice.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,3/2/2012,123,216,3,4,5>Oh Dorgan and your dirty mouth!  Whether it's Burlesque BINGO or a Hasenpfeffer show, the F word is king when this loud mouth clown hits the stage.  The banter between Dorgan and Milroy (the Muncie brothers) is highly entertaining and sure to bring laughs.  Ms. Alabaster Betty is a stunning dancer.  During the summer-themed Hasenpfeffer show she danced a solo routine (wearing a red dress) that was absolutely beautiful.  This is no amateur show, these ladies know what they're doing and they do it well.  When they're not hosting a show, the White Rabbit is a cool place to stop in for a beer or glass of wine.  Tuesday is pint night and you can get great draft beer at the low cost of $2.50.  It's a very low-key atmosphere with no smoke, no TVs,  and you can easily carry on a conversation without having to shout.  Bravo!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2011,3/1/2012,133,150,4,9,6>I had my birthday party here in June.  It was on a night where Indy was battered by an insane thunderstorm, and when we got to Maru, we found out that the power was partially out so there were 2 critical things that were not going to be available.  1 was air conditioning, 2 was the credit card machine.  So I was in a panic trying to call and text everyone to let them know it was cash only.  There was also only one guy working and I am not sure he realized how many people were coming to my party, even though I had told him that there was going to be like 25 people there.  So service was slow.  HOWEVER, even with those major snafus, we still had an amazing evening.  Maru is a Korean style Karaoke parlor - aka Noraebang and having recently visited Seoul, I can vouch that it's authentic.   You can rent a small room for up to 10 people or a large room for up to 20 by the hour.  It's private and you can get as loud and obnoxious as you want - the rooms are soundproof so when the door is closed, no one can hear your paying homage to "Total Eclipse of the Heart."The rooms are smoke free, but you are able to smoke in the lobby area if you so desire.   We were able to order Korean food from Bando, and were served in our private room, and it was delicious.  They also serve beer and wine and soju - and once everybody was sufficiently sauced, the fact it was hotter than hell in there didn't matter so much.  Everyone had so much fun belting out the tunes!  You get a quick tutorial on how to use the karaoke remote - it's all in Korean so that was helpful.  The owner also opened up a second room for us on the house, and gave us a great discount on the room rental for the inconveniences, and I appreciated that. I am looking forward to a return trip where hopefully  the climate is under control and the credit card machine is operating so I can up my review to 4 stars.  This is a fun experience, and I recommend it highly!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,2/29/2012,67,81,3,3,3>My heart belongs to Lockerbie. This is one of the 4 or 5 local bars that I would say I even remotely frequent. Geoff, the bartender, is a class act. The jukebox has Anthrax,Mastodon, Rihanna and Scissor Sisters.Speaking of Scissor Sisters, any time I have ever put 'take your mama out' on the jukebox there, it has 100% of the time sent the bar into a full on sing-a-long with mugs of beer swinging through the air and all. I'm so freaking glad I live near that place. The world needs more Lockerbie. I will say that there was one time I was in there and 7 or 8 bros, totally unrelated and not in the same group, were all drinking cans of PBR and wearing flannel. I took a picture of it. If I can find the picture, I will add it. To me, it made the night hilarious, but for some I know that could be a put off.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,2/28/2012,58,48,,4,4>When it comes to exploiting your private parts at security check, dealing with the stress and drama that air travel inherently involves, this is perhaps one of the best airports across the country to do it at.   Since moving to Indy, I've been extremely impressed with this airport.  It's just so well run, it's pristinely clean, has comfortable seating, it's simple to navigate, with a wide selection of tasty food options, and an incredible ease of getting to and from the airport when picking someone up.  I'm not sure if Indy knows how good they have it, but I'd fly in and out of this airport any day.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,2/27/2012,125,230,9,3,3>I get in the long line, stretched beyond Natural Born Juicers (delicious I might add) even beyond 3 Days in Paris. Only have 30 min lunch break, but I am going to stick this line out b/c it seems to be moving. The people in front of me are all a twitter about today's special, Frito Pie. I am not convinced. The group behind me, smiles on their faces as they join the ever growing line out into the main vein of the City Market. "Is this the line for Papa Roux?" They are literally happy to get in this huge line. I'm thinking about jumping out and just grabbing a pretzel and an amazing juice. "I know all those juices are good, who knows about this place. I might be late getting back to work. Stick it out fool!" The couple in front of me orders and now it's my turn. I am face to face with a sweet yet busy cashier. I have heard her describe this Frito Pie,( rice, peppers, onion, tomato, ground beef, cheese, topped with Frito's, and it's a bit spicy) and I have decided to acquiesce to the special. For the sum of $9.50 I have ordered the Frito Pie, a side of red beans and rice, a couple slices of baguette, and an Abita root beer. I merge to the side and wait for my name to be called. The employees are a blur with speed and precision. The subtle spicy yummy smell is hitting me full on as I am cursing all these other people getting their food before me. "Karen!" I think "Jerk, you probably wouldn't even know good food if you had it." Then, "Jeffrey!" Me, "Aaagghhh! This guy doesn't deserve jambalaya" I can't be too angry b/c all these people are waiting just like me and they are all smiling so big with anticip......ation.  Finally, I have my warm brown paper bag in my grubby mits and I am out the door to find a patch of sun. I'll be late for work.  As I devour my Frito Pie in a white chinese take out container, I realize my feet are swinging like a 5 year old. I have that same grin everyone else in line had, maybe I had it the whole time. The steam rises off my red beans and rice and all I can do is smile, close my eyes, and breathe it in.  "Looks like you are enjoying your lunch." says the man next to me. "Mmmm hhhmmmm."
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,2/26/2012,33,82,2,2,3>No one gets as excited about the Fair as me. I promise! The Fair is my once-yearly chance to be 5 again, eating fried foods (yes, elephant ear and a funnel cake, please) drinking multiple lemon shake ups, and riding the Midway rides like it's 1987 up in this piece. This year, I did all the  aforementioned, plus hit all the exhibits in the Expo hall (I have a soft spot for hustlers) and saw the info about Germany. I didn't hit Home and Family Arts (mouldy desserts instantly make me want to puke) or Little Hands on the Farm, or basically anything on the northside of the Fairgrounds, but man, I wanted to! There's always something I tell myself "next time" for, and then, the fair is over and I have to wait another year. Look for me in 2012- I'll be the lady shrieking and impressing the teenage boys with my mad riding-the-Gravitron-upside-down skills.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,2/24/2012,23,124,3,6,4>Yes, lightning can strike the same place twice! In this case, "lightning" is a local, start-up brewery in the heart of downtown Indy serving up all sorts of delicious, crafty suds.Tucked away in a cool, old, restored warehouse on Indy's near east side, not even a mile from Sun King, Indianapolis has hit the jackpot again. And the beer lovers rejoiced.Their hours are pretty impressive for a brand-new brewery, and there are always plenty of brewmasters who *love* talking about their craft -- and hearing what you think. Samples are free and growlers are always for sale.Personally, I can't get enough of their Porter. Dark, smooth, and really tasty without the usual heaviness or overly ambitious flavor. Not that I have anything against oatmeal or the other stuff out there, but this, like most of Flat 12's beer, is clean, to-the-point, and accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do.Second on my list is their Amber -- a hoppier, crisper brew than you might be used to, but still excellent.Stop in. Growler refills are a modest $8. Also, departing from the ".com boom" -- their web site is: flat12.me . Hours and such are posted.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,2/23/2012,150,96,,5,4>The Golden Ace, what a place.  Took my boss there and he was like which building are we going to?  I was like that one with the shamrock on it.  He said NO!  Well that was it.  It is very much a dive bar with regulars that look like they may not go home.  This place has a menu that consists of a hamburger, beef, bbq, turkey, ham, chicken, Braunschweiger, and fish on fridays.  Chili, clam chowder and bean soup are also available.  The hamburger seemed to be their thing.  As that is what my boss and I got.  It was excellent.  Juicy and perfectly cooked.  I like this place and will head back for lunch sometime soon.  Cash only here so make sure you come prepared.  Although dark and outdated this bar was welcoming and the clientele seemed the same. Worth a trip.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,2/22/2012,43,25,2,4,2>So Sensu. Yes, it's in that stretch of South Meridian Street that you hate to go to because all of "those people" who spend a little too much time at the tanning and hair salons (I'm speaking of both sexes here) and wouldn't know good sushi from the sh*t they pick up from the deli case at Marsh. Yes, the initial "hostesses" who greet you on the ground floor are some of those people I just described. Yes, it's part restaurant/part nightclub and therefore has both valet parking AND a bouncer. Guess we must have been purty enough last Friday evening to get in.But you know what? None of that should hold you back if you like fish. As much as it pained me to even consider visiting that area for dinner, I'd read a thing or two about the place, and the stuff I was reading pushed me over the edge. The date was made. It was on.I have to run down our selections from the night. It was too much food for two people in the end, but so worth the experience. They serve all of their menu items in perfectly-timed precision as to make it a small plate style dining experience, which also means some of the dishes are less sushi and more fusion. And what a fusion it was.Tuna Flat Bread - thinly sliced tuna on the most wonderful, house made flatbread with tasty garnishmentsToast & Jam - shrimp toast with tuna jam (OMG)Baked snow crab hand roll - fantastic quality but a little plainGold Coast Crunch - a deep fried roll with crab...can't go wrong (well, you can when you're more about presentation than edibility...this roll has a bias cut that looks great but makes it next to impossible to eat in one bite and worse for two)Kiss My Bass - a rarity to find fresh water fish sushi here in Indy, and it was wonderful with a delicately smoky sauceEagle Eye - eel and scallop in a roll that was super tender and spicySake & Hamachi sashimi - always my favorite part of a sushi mealService was top notch. After the Brunette Barbie took us upstairs, the Maitre d' shook our hands to welcome us and showed us immediately to our table overlooking the nightclub, which wasn't open yet. Most of what we saw, however, was a series of very Zen-like videos projecting onto the two-story wall. The music was also the type of stuff I have in my music library at home, which was chill electronica.This place isn't cheap, but worth the price for a special sushi meal when you want something a notch above Sakura. I have to rip off the recent SNL digital short by wrapping it up with the only thing I can say: Sensu is Sofa King good!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,2/21/2012,75,123,3,4,3>i see that this place has captured everyone's heart.  i hope it stays that way.i'm not going to belabor the point.  the food here is awesome.  the service here is awesome.  the folks here are incredibly nice.  don't be put off by the fact that it's adjacent to a gas station; you forget that as soon as you go inside.  you think you'd have to wait awhile, because they tell you that you will, but we were in and out in an hour.get the smothered chicken, and fried green tomatoes.  it's the best.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2011,2/20/2012,12,48,5,1,2>My go to Mexican Restaurant used to be La Hacienda.  In fact, most of the west side called it home.  Maybe it was the inconsistent service or the less than stellar board of health reviews but eventually it seems everyone began to convene at Puerto Vallarta.The menu is identical or just about to most sit down Mexican eateries.  I dont want to say they all look the same to me...so I wont.The decor is familiar too.  Extra style points go to the old guys holding shotguns under the banner of "welcome friends!"The service is a total crap shoot.  This might be the best thing about "Puert".  We have named our favorite waiter, Surly Mix-A-Lot.  He is such a curmudgeon!  One time we wanted to stay after our meal and talk a bit more so we ordered another big bud light and he rolled his eyes so hard that he did a back flip.  Swear to God.other notes-they do ValPac monthly-Weds is their Margarita Pitcher special
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,2/19/2012,153,144,,5,2>For those of you who don't know what a ball and biscuit is... well it is a microphone named because of how it is shaped! it was popular back during prohibition.I really enjoyed this cozy "speak easy bar". When you walk in you must pass through a black curtain, which adds to the old school appeal if you ask me. We arrived early on a Saturday and seating was not an issue, we sat right down in the bar, the server acknowledged us within a few minutes. Nice beer selection and a fun menu of classic drinks from the 20's and 30's. I tried the Grand Marnier Smash and it was super!I loved the assortment of cheeses available and would go back just to try more. We did not eat off the menu, but the food sounds good and I look forward to giving it a try very soon.When we left about an hour after arriving, the place was packed and people were waiting for tables!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,2/18/2012,44,102,1,7,2>This new locally owned cafe is really nice.  The employees I met are related to the owner and were very nice. They were so welcoming. I had a decaf mocha and it was really good. It was not at all bitter and was chocolaty enough.  I did not eat any food there, but it looks like they have a nice menu and the pastries looked wonderful.They have free wi-fi and plenty of space.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,2/17/2012,265,331,2,3,2>Great space--love the Dia de Los Muertos sorta thing and the Mexican wrestling masks. Loved the guacamole & chips--though I thought it should have been a bigger serving if I read the price correctly. The two tacos were also good--tried the mahi and the shrimp--liked the shrimp a little better. Also the margarita with the chili rim was pretty damn good too. Hope this place is here for a long time to come! Ole'!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,2/16/2012,100,362,2,2,3>I wish I could have seen the look on my face when we turned towards the Circle and saw All. Those. People. It was a madhouse Saturday afternoon which was awesome/frustrating. Beer prices were high -- I wanted to drink a beer and walk around, just because I could, but eh, $7 for Bud Light? Meh. It was so busy it was hard to enjoy much, other than people-watching. But, dayum. INDY! We rocked this!!!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,2/15/2012,42,100,2,3,3>If you want to be a rock star in your office, stop by here on your way to work and pick up a dozen with an array of dipping sauces.  So cheap (I felt like went on a crazy pretzel spending spree of flavors and dips, and it was not even $15) and infinitely cooler than bagels or donuts.  Donuts for the office are so last season.I am telling you, my co-workers thought getting Taste of Philly was AMAZING, not to mention absolutely delicious.  It takes like 5 minutes and $15 and suddenly you are saving the world because you made having to work on a Saturday that much more bearable.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,2/14/2012,68,197,6,10,5>Like they need one more great review, huh? For the last 10 years, my Belfast born husband has only wanted sausage rolls.  MacNivens caught his eye and we finally got in there today.Super cool vibe and a good "pub" feel.  A lower ceiling and a roaring fire would make it a true, cozy, public house.  We started with the Scotch Egg.  It was my first Scotch Egg and I loved it.  Pip said they "nailed it!"  It tasted great without the accompanying spicy mayo.  Turns out, this aioli is pretty tasty with the fries, so hang onto it.I got the Angus Burger, which is different - but delicious.  I can only describe it as a "giant meat crepe."  It arrives covering your entire plate and you get to fold it up, which results in many tasty burger layers.  I enjoyed the interactive part of folding it.  I added sauteed mushrooms and bacon to mine, but let them keep the cheese.  Pip ordered the sausage rolls (2) w/ beans and chips.  He was in sausage roll heaven.  It met his needs, saying it was 98% right on.  The taste was a hit.  A little less pastry and looser sausage crumble and the texture would have been spot on.When we got there, one of their desserts caught my eye, but I couldn't make it through my huge burger and load of fries.  Next time, I'll plan accordingly.  Our server was a cute hipster in skinny jeans.  He took great care of us.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,2/13/2012,35,98,3,5,2>I had the chile verde burrito with horchata. You won't be disappointed.  As another reviewer said, this is the best burrito I have ever had without question. It's a delicious stew wrapped up in a tortilla. Huge chunks of slow cook pork in a wonderful salsa verde with a few other things - cheese, avocado, tomato, and maybe potato. It's mostly meat, salsa verde, and cheese. It's unnaturally delicious. Hours later I'm still glowing. I'll be talking about this at work tomorrow.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,2/12/2012,69,61,,8,1>Wow. I am never going to KFC/Church's EVER again. Period. Jordan's chicken is amazing. I stopped in this evening to pick up a late "snack" for the family and let me say that what I got for my money was far more than I expected. I ordered four chicken tenders ($4.99) and rather than it being JUST the chicken it came with an order of fries and bread. The tenders were huge! They had to be at least 3/4 of a breast or a full thigh. Definitely cheaper (and MUCH BETTER) than going through the drive-thru for the same for twice as much. My husband ordered 10 wings ($8.99) which weren't the small, paltry wings you usually see as appetizers, no, these were full on chicken wings. They aren't sauced, but are breaded, seasoned, and fried.. and wow are they good. You def. don't need sauce for these! These, too, came with fries and bread. A very good deal. I plan on telling everyone I know about the awesomeness that is Jordan's!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,2/11/2012,144,579,1,8,3>When I decided to move from Greenwood to the downtown area, I did my scoping out as well as anyone who's not really from Indianapolis, and doesn't really know what to look for in an apartment. I settled on a few that were run by the major rental companies in the area, and also called Norman at the Cathcart to see if anything was available.Location was my key criteria, with price being a very close second. I really wanted to be within walking distance of the Central Library, which isn't unreasonably far from anywhere in the downtown area, but I also wanted to be within the I-65/I-70 square, because I think that it feels a little more secure. I also knew that my price was pretty low, with $500/month as my upper limit, and many of the Zender/Van Rooy properties stretching that limit.I got incredibly lucky, and there was a 'studio' opening in the building within 30 days of when I wanted to move (I actually carried two rents for a month, but one can't be picky in a building with 12 units). The rent was below my budget for the studio, and includes all utilities save electric. However, the heating is electric (baseboard heaters) and in the winter, the bill gets a bit formidable.My studio (which is actually more like a one bedroom in terms of layout, whereas the one bedrooms are really two studios put together) features hard wood floors, modern appliances, a porcelain clawfooted tub, and original woodwork all around (though I'm sad to say much of it is painted). I am on the Southeast corner of the building, and since the building next door to the East burned down, I get eastern sun year round. I get no sun through my southern window (thank you, abandoned building next door), which is sad, but the way it works when buildings are in such close proximity.My apartment is ideal for one person and possibly a pet ($150 deposit), though I've stretched it with visitors from time to time. The one bedrooms are capable of handling 2 people, from what I've seen of them. I'd recommend the space and location for the price, any day. Some notes though: the walls are in pretty poor condition. They seem to be mostly original plaster that keeps getting paint in the hopes it will smooth out... it won't. Luckily, I like 3D walls. If you're aiming for smooth walls, at least my apartment isn't the place. No central AC, given it's an old building--we all have window units that are put in by our 'superintendant' of sorts. Also no on site or on call maintenance, but I've always let my super know when things come up (nothing major--dripping faucet or issue with my lock, never plumbing or electric/lighting issues) and they get resolved pretty timely. Also, there is laundry in the basement, but it's $1.25 a load. Ouch, but the price you pay for the place. Otherwise, I'd highly recommend. Given it's in the downtown area, with what seems to be the lowest rent I know of anyone, Cathcart has a lot of character, no crazy neighbors, and good security. Call as soon as you're interested... only 12 units, and we all seem to like it here!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2011,2/10/2012,66,229,7,5,4>This place is crazy. Its a huge store full of random stuff for your house with a weird flea market vibe. I thought it was going to be a garden/patio store, and while they do have outdoor furniture they also have monkey statue toilet paper holders. They also have pretty much anything from leather couches to movie posters to Tupperware to beef jerky to pillows to clay pots, etc. I'm pretty sure a lot of the items are factory rejects, though. We bought a small table and found that all of them were flawed. No big deal as it's all cheap.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,2/9/2012,60,619,1,4,2>We visited for Devour Downtown, and first of all, it really is a good deal at the Devour Downtown prices -- which, by the way, are offered every single Sunday.  And second of all, it was a delightful experience from beginning to end.  We did have to wait for a few minutes even though we had a reservation, but we were treating exceptionally.  It was an especially nice touch when one of the chefs greeted us as we walked by the kitchen.  it actually seemed like a place where people enjoyed working.  Is it the best steak ever in the entire world?  Probably not, but it was quite good.  Perhaps cooked a little unevenly, but delicious all the same.  The green beans were a little undercooked for my taste, but the flavor was excellent.  I am not a big fan of shrimp cocktail, but I tasted someone else's, and the cocktail sauce is indeed quite good.  And the service was friendly and mostly attentive throughout.All the diners appeared to be having a good time, and we did not notice the tables being too close together, or an unusually high noise level (we were in the basement).  All in all, a very fun time.  I am not sure I would pay the extremely high full prices for the steaks.  Also, the Devour Downtown filet is the perfect size -- their other steaks are quite large -- even the filet is regularly 10 ounces. And whoever said the dress was "dressy" has apparently not been there in awhile.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,2/7/2012,25,218,2,6,3>Northside Social is an odd combination of upscale and casual ... cushy leather chairs, swanky style yet lots of TVs mounted on the walls.  For the most part, it pulls it off.  The dress code appeared to be officially "pretty much anything you want," as we saw nearly formally-dressed customers alongside those wearing baseball hats & shorts.  Service was friendly and gave us just the right amount of attention on a Saturday evening.Based on the wide range of reviews here on Yelp, I didn't really know what to expect from the food.  It was very good!  The feta + hummus appetizer was too expensive for the amount of food received, but it had an AMAZING olive tapenade that I'm pretty sure would even make my shoe taste great.  The clay pot fish was excellent as was the halibut cheeks entree ... I liked the cheeks ever-so-slightly more yet my wife preferred the clay pot dish.  Either way, we were very pleased with both selections.  We splurged on the chocolate brownie + ice cream dessert and while it might not have been anything overly innovative, the brownie was warm, soft, and delicious.  The dessert portion size was superb for sharing.  The wine list wasn't huge but it hit the main varietals fairly well with good by-the-glass prices and some affordable bottles.Overall, I'd be happy to return to Northside Social for dinner.  Prices could be a little lower but the overall experience was a good enough for me to look the other way ... and that olive tapenade, wow.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,2/6/2012,388,59,4,10,4>I'm heartened to see this no-man's land, formally known as Fletcher Place, attract and retain forms of commerce other than the BMV, hot dog carts, and dive bars. South of Chicago is the newest addition to this stretch of Virginny Avenue, and its a tasty one at that. This family-owned joint is covered in Chicago-land tchotchkes and offers up a superb Italian Beef sandwich, almost inedibly large meatballs, and the best Chicago-style pizza in Indy. Not that there is heated competition for the mantle of "best Chicago-style pizza in Indy," but one good outlet for a pie with the sauce on top is better than none, and no, Pizzeria Uno's greasy garbage doesn't count. SOC's thin-crust pizza is pretty all right as well but I'm willing to bet that the Italian Beef sandwich and Chicago-style pizza account for the majority of the restaurant's orders. The dining room is super small, with room enough for a few four-tops, but SOC's delivery guy seems to be getting a workout lately.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,2/5/2012,60,113,,6,2>Ok. I thought I'd eaten all the amazing food Indy has to offer. I was SO wrong. A chef friend of mine told me about this place and I'd tucked it away in my memory for future reference. My husband wanted Mexican food today and I happily recommended a "new" place (for us, at least). We pulled up and entered and were immediately struck by the fact that there was no English to be heard (and were pleased by the fact!). The place was clean and tidy.  We were shown to a table and given menus (which, thankfully, had English translations). I knew I wanted the chilaquiles, cause, well...that's their name! Chilaquiles are like the best nachos you've ever had. And really, they were. I ordered the Texanos version with chicken. So there were onions, tomatoes, cilantro, egg, and chicken layered with the nachos. It was incredibly delicious. But look, it is NOT at all health food. The nachos are super deep fried and so this is not a meal I would have often. But when I get a craving for Mexican food, I'm heading to Los Chilaquiles. Oh, believe the hype about the flan. It's ridiculously good. The coconut? A flash of brilliance. It's more authentic than most places you'll find in Indy so if you're used to the standard Mexican fare, you'll probably be a little taken aback. If you have a sense of adventure with your food, try it!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,2/4/2012,51,59,,5,4>My husband and I were looking for a good Mexican restaurant downtown to be our go to place. We found it. We both had 1800 silver margaritas. They were fantastic. Strong. Tasty and pleasant to the pallet! The wait staff was very friendly. I loved it because, though they had one TV I could actually sit and TALK to my husband at dinner lol. Now a days ... it seems like EVERY were we go there are a TON of TVs and I end up sitting and eating "alone". I would highly recommend this place. The food was full of flavor and delightful!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,2/3/2012,91,653,,4,3>Mmm...pizza.I'm a Chicago guy, so I'm partial to deep dish (sauce on top!), but Pearl St. gets it done for me in the Circle City.You don't know this place even exists unless you're in the know.  It's not visible from the cross street (Pennsylvania Ave.) and I hesitate to call Pearl Street (between Washington St. and Maryland St.) anything more than an alley.However, you'd be missing out on a real gem if you don't seek this place out.  The crust on the pizzas (hand-tossed or deep dish) come out nice and chewy, but with a good crunch on the outside.  The toppings are rough-cut (not minced) - just the way I like them.They have a nice collection of local and out-of-state microbrews on tap.  They stay open late (I went on a Sunday night and they told me they were open until midnight) so it's a real destination bar as well.  (I understand a full liquor license is in the works and they will stay open until 3 AM then).There's plenty of flat screen TVs around the bar and dining area so you won't miss the big game either.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,2/2/2012,159,60,,5,2>We found our way in here after a night in the Murp for First Friday. We had already eaten dinner and were just looking for a few conversation beers. We found them.EotLPH has a great selection of craft beers. I had a Bourbon Barrel Wee Mac and there many other tasty options that I left for next time. We had a desert pizza to share-tasty, and my sister had some pretzel sticks with some tasty dipping sauces. I think this is a great addition to Fountain Square and will do well.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,2/1/2012,91,218,,3,3>Fantastic HUGE tamales!  Closest thing to tex mex this transplanted Texan has found.  We like to call ahead so they will hold a dozen back for us because they tend to sell out.  The tamales freeze well and are all delicioso!  Recently featured on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,1/31/2012,109,103,2,10,6>AKA Kitley Speedrome!!!If your looking for low dough entertainment on the east side of the city look no further, for you just found the best cheap thrills on the east side!Every time I'm here I feel like I'm gonna run into a Burt Renyolds movie character around every curve, and I suppose I have seen his Hoosier doppelganger, who's just not quite as fetching as the Hollywood version (The Hoosier Bandit doesn't have the same "hair" budget ;-). Anyone can go to the 500 or even Clermont raceway, but there are only a hand full of mini super 8 tracks left in the country, and Indianapolis Speedrome happens to be the home of the World Figure 8 Championship!!!So if you find yourself with nothing to do on a hot and muggy June evening, put on your dress jeans and your dress boots and buckle up for high speed thrills the like that's seen no other place in the City. And if you leave your cell phone at home, it will feel a little like 1974, an easier happier time.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,1/30/2012,15,115,3,5,2>After my recent ho-hum experience I received an email from Arnold, the owner, saying he saw my review here on Yelp and took it very seriously. He told me to email him in the future if I ever have any problems. That's A+ customer relations for you. It's nice to know that WCT cares about each and every customer service experience.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2011,1/29/2012,24,36,8,5,3>I'm giving it 3 stars on the food I ordered.  I'd give it more had I ordered what my dining mates ordered.The meatloaf - a ketchupy mess!  My advice is to stay away from it unless you like eating plain ketchup.The smothered pork chop - while tasty with the gravy, I felt it was a little tough.The macaroni & cheese and green beans - the flavor was alright, but honestly I enjoy these items at the hospital cafeteria I work at more than here.The fried catfish the other people at my table had, however, was delicious.  Perfectly breaded.  Perfectly salty.  I'd return and order only that.Barack Obama may have eaten here, but I'm sure he's eaten at McDonalds, too.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/28/2012,27,21,,7,5>I took my first ever yoga class at All People Yoga Center some 6 years ago and my how time flies.  While I admit that I have tried several yoga styles and studios out since my first class.  I have come full circle to come 'home'  I was welcomed back with a smile and told that my account had some classes leftover, which surprised me.  Surprised not only that I had them but mostly that they honored them.  I have been told by other studios that un used classes will expire if left unused.  It is nice to feel welcomed into what can seem like an intimidating experience.  I take Hot yoga with Jen Xanders on Tuesdays and Sundays and hope to add more as my schedule allows.  Don't be intimidated here, the teachers are very helpful, they actually lead the class by calling out the poses, and always leave time at the end for a full shavasana  (sp?) which is everyone's favorite! Thanks to All People I feel comfortable in my yoga practice again !namaste'
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,1/27/2012,78,198,,4,3>MMM Tasty.  This place is filling.  Went here for a weekday lunch and was surprised that there was no one here.  Are people not aware of the awesomeness of these sandwiches?  The sandwich I had came with breaded steak and shredded pork.  It was HUGE and really tasty.  It came with three salsas and all were very good, I especially liked the red salsa.  One note to water drinkers, it comes as bottled water, other than that this place was perfect.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,1/26/2012,20,42,,5,2>You'd better have your caffeine addiction on bc this is some serious sh*t. If you consider yourself a recreational 'frappaccino' fan or if you actually like McD's 'premium roast coffee' or S-buck's Pike Place or whatever the heck they currently call their 'house blend' crap, you've been warned. An 'equal drink here will probably be too strong for you and make you sick, and I'm not joking. I'm stuck up proud about my vice, partial to certain boutiquey roasters & origins, dark roasted, preferably french pressed. I can easily take at least 2 good cups of my morning hit on an empty stomach, or 4 pulls of espresso in a reduced Americano. not here. Bjava hits me square btwn the eyes. everytime. must have padding.So thank goodness beans aside I'm also a great fan of their yummy breakfast sandwiches-- egg, cheese, muffin, w/ choice of meat or veggie patty-- for less than $3..... they also offer lunchtime paninis, wraps, and other sandwiches that vary by the day. btw, they only use REAL meat, and not pressed-processed-water injected stuff. lots of extra points for that in my book.I just wish they weren't so out of the way. I also wish they had better signage. It upsets me to see people in and out of the Starbucks across the way in the same plaza.  At least 2-to-1 in number. I wish they all knew what they were missing out on.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,1/25/2012,149,388,2,6,2>A beautiful and large park in Pike Township, Northwestway Park has amenities with active residents in mind. Soccer fields, disc golf, several basketball hoops, an aquatics center / splash park with food, perimeter walking paths, good parking, and it's also a recycling center. The admission is quite steep for the aquatics center, but it is fully staffed by several lifeguards and has amenities like large umbrella areas for shade, a snack bar, locker rooms, family bathroom, water slides, and it's huge! It's also very clean and very fun. The basketball hoops are well attended by patrons, so you can always get a game in. The talent that shows up here is top notch, so there is not a lot of trash talk like at some other Indy parks. Although the park is large and parking is usually adequate, during soccer season can parking can be difficult. The walking path around the perimeter of the park is very popular, and people obviously feel safe here because there are several people walking alone, but then again, there are always a lot of people here, especially in the evening. The park is very large, so it is actually quite difficult to sum it up in a review, you just have to see it for yourself. Phone numbers for reference: (317) 327-1470 (office); (317) 327-7341 (Pool/seasonal)
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,1/24/2012,122,723,3,7,3>We happened to be on the west side and genius struck when I said "Let's go to the Peruvian restaurant over here!" The 3 of us were SO glad we chose this over having pizza delivered. We had good service and our questions were answered sufficiently. The interior is really nicely decorated, and our food was AWESOME! In fact, I am completely confident that if this restaurant were located in Broad Ripple (instead of in a strip mall on W. 38th St.), we wouldn't have been able to get a seat at 8pm on a Saturday night. This is a really top-notch establishment. Also, apologies ahead of time for not remembering the Spanish names for the items we ordered. Instead of the chips and salsa that Mexican restaurants bring you, a basket of soft, fresh bread is brought to your table (kind of like challah) along with a little bowl of pale green, lightly spiced dipping sauce (aji). It is so addictive! Seriously, we could've easily filled up on this and not had room for our meals. Our appetizer was a deep-fried ball of mashed potatoes stuffed with spiced beef, olives, and chopped boiled egg, and served alongside a salad. The salad consists of thinly sliced sweet onions, tomato, lettuce, and plenty of cilantro lightly dressed. I think the dressing was mainly vinegar and lime juice? The boys raved about the salad and we all loved the hot appetizer (reminded me of a cross between an Indian samosa and a potato pakora). It's not the best choice to share with 3 people as someone is going to complain about getting an uneven amount of some filling ingredient. I had the vegetarian green pasta which is served alongside potatoes in cheese (huancaina) sauce. The only thing that threw me about this dish is that the potatoes and cheese sauce were cold. Evidently this is the traditional way to serve this dish. So...you didn't get cold food...that's the way it's supposed to be! The green pesto-style sauce was SO tasty. It was just a little bit spicy and coated every single noodle. The portion was so huge I'll probably be able to eat it for 2 more meals! One of my companions ordered the green pasta with a pan-fried chicken breast (reminded me of schnitzel-delish) and a potato. He also had to make an effort not to over-stuff himself because he loved his entree. My partner ordered the half rotisserie chicken, which is served with salad and french fries, although you have the option to sub other sides if you wish. That bird was awesome! Total perfection. Moist, flavorful, tender. He couldn't stop raving about the flavor and said, "We're not in Boston anymore." There aren't a ton of vegetarian choices, but between the appetizer menu, the desserts, and the couple entrees, I don't think anyone will leave hungry. I think better than half of the menu items are or can easily be prepared gluten-free. However, if you tend to get very sick with even the slightest contamination, be cautious. There is a (very) slight language barrier and communicating "no wheat anywhere" might be tricky?Regretfully, we didn't budget any belly space for dessert. There are 2-3 available. There are a couple "exotic" Peruvian soda choices but no alcohol is available. Our pre-tip total for 3 entrees and 1 appetizer was about $43 with tax. Prices aren't cheap, but the portions are humongous and the food is delicious. I highly recommend making a trip to this restaurant, and I will even be encouraging friends in the northern suburbs to head down to 38th St.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2011,1/23/2012,29,74,2,3,2>I had heard some good things about this place so we decided to go here to watch a Colts game. They were playing at home that night so we knew it was going to be crowded, we arrived about an hour and a half before the game started not really expecting to find a table right away.Well we went in and put our names in and they said there were about 10 tables ahead of us, so we were standing there trying to decide if we were going to stay, the next thing you know, some other lady comes up to us and asks if we need a table and sat us down right away. Kind of weird, but whatever!So we walk to our tables and there were tvs everywhere, with any game you want to watch on. There were a lot of people but it didnt feel crowded. Also, there were 3 other tables that I saw open so I'm not sure why the guy told us it might be a while. You would think with everyone in their fancy headsets that there would be better communication. So, We sit down at our table and a very young and friendly waitress comes over and tells us the specials and gives us some menus. She said all of the domestic beer was on special, only problem was they were out of basically everything but Bud Light, which is probably my least favorite beer. I am not sure why that on, probably their busiest night since they opened, they were out of so much. Oh well, I didnt really care. I was just glad we got a table surrounded by so many Colts fans and no matter where you looked you could see a TV. Seemed like a great atmosphere to watch a game. So far, I was loving the place, even with the blaring and annoying pop music they had playing.The menu- Not really sure what they are trying to do here. The menu was very large and so many different types of food. There was just so much going on from wings and nachos to Korean Bulgogi salad to fish to pasta to steak.  With so many different options, quality is bound to suffer. I started with the wings- they were good but way too expensive. They were about $1 a wing and no bigger than BW3's wings. They were good but definitely not worth the price. My wife got the Bulgogi salad, the description sounded delicious, but it was not memorable at all. Definitely not Bulgogi meat, kind of tasted like sirloin with some type of asian seasoning drizzled on top, not terrible just not what it is supposed to taste like. We also got the nachos, which were just as everyone else said, humongous. They were good but way too many nachos with not enough toppings. Everything on the menu was pretty expensive for the quality of food they serve you. Just feel like they are trying way to hard with their menu, keep it simple!!The service was the best part. Our waitress was so friendly, she loved her job and was just so happy to be there. It was pretty crowded and she was always around to help with anything we needed and did not seem stressed or tired. Every time I saw her she had a huge smile on her face no matter what. Now if you are a huge Colts fan, like me, that really actually understands the game and likes to watch every play then this is probably not the best place to watch it. They seem like they are trying to cater to women, children, and the casual fan that like loud sound effects and cheesy graphics. Every time there would be a big play or third down or something like that, they had some type of program they installed where it made the screen actually smaller and had these corny graphics trying to simulate being at the game. My wife and some of the other women and children loved it, but I was not a fan. I dont really need to be told what down it is, when to clap, or when to get loud!! This was very annoying because they did it all the time and it made it hard to see what was actually going on; the screen would get smaller to make room for the amateur graphics and they would turn the sound off so that they could pipe in their own noise.Another thing that eventually made us leave was near the end of the third quarter in a very surprising close game, something happened  and everything shut off. Eventually the tvs came back on, but there was no sound. I think something happened across the street with a blown breaker or something. I dont think it was anything they could control but it was definitely very annoying. I think it was just karma for them messing with the game in the first place. Our friendly waitress came over with a smile and apologized but we really wanted to watch the game with sound so we left and drove home to watch the end.Overall, this is a really cool place. It is pretty large with tv's everywhere. Service is very good, but the food is average and over priced. If you do not have the NFL package at home, this would be a great place to come on a Sunday and watch the games, you may want to wear some headphones because the music can get very loud. I would not recommend watching Colts games here though, unless you like all that corny stuff. Which reminds me, they do allow kids, just not in the bar area.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,1/22/2012,50,97,5,7,5>I don't even know how to start this review without sounding completely hyperbolic. I don't know how to get, you, my reader to take me seriously. I feel that everything I say will sound simply ridiculous.- This is the best brewery in Indianapolis.The batches here are small- smaller than any other brewery in the city. If you have been to Sun King, Upland, Flat 12, or any other brewery in the state, and you have seen the brew tanks you will shocked at what you find at Bier. This is a nano-brewery- not a micro-brewery- but don't let the size of the tanks fool you.- Every beer that comes out of this brewery is big, ballsy, clean and highly creative.I am an asshole when it comes to beer. I'm snobby, hard to please, and I often piss people off in spite of myself because I won't drink what I consider swill just to drink a beer. I try not to condescend, but I often come off that way... I have never had a bad beer from Bier Brewery. I have never even had a mediocre beer from theses guys.- Everything is phenomenal, and there truly is something for everyone. While some breweries alternate between making beer that appeals to the laity and beer that appeals to the arrogant snobs like me, Bier manages to make brews that truly appeal to everyone. No matter who you are, regardless of your beer knowledge, you can find something you like here, and if you are a snob like me you will like everything.There are few breweries in which the brewmaster is standing behind the counter pouring for customers, ringing them up, and answering questions, but at Bier, the man that makes the magic happen, Darren, is right there. I have been to several breweries in which a patron and home-brewer will ask about specific ingredients in a beer, and the brewmaster will refuse to give an answer in the name of guarding the recipe. I have always thought this was total bullshit.- Darren, on the other hand, was answering the questions of home-brewers freely, nonchalant.The taproom itself is perhaps the coolest I have ever seen. There are big, comfy couches, a turntable, darts, and a fucking Bobba Fett sculpture. In the words of Wayne Campbell "Does this guy know how to party or what?"- The atmosphere is cool and relaxed, and as soon as you walk in you just want to curl up with a brew and chat with your friends and the other patrons. It feels like hanging out in your best friend's basement- if your best friend had a brewery in his basement that is.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,1/21/2012,75,276,11,8,8>Check your tommy guns and dames at the door and settle in for a shine, shave, and cut.  Who is the current President? Why, FDR, of course. To celebrate the passage of the 21st Amendment, I wanted to hit up the town in style. Swing dancing, a Marx Brothers picture, the whole works. I was getting kind of shaggy though, so I went to Red's for a shine, shave, and cut.  William gave me the works and made me feel like a million bucks. My gal barely recognized me. $20 for a cut seemed a little expensive for these depression times. If this were 2011, I would likely think it's a bargain. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to turn on the radio to listen to the baseball game. That Lou Gehrig fella sounds like he might be pretty good.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,1/19/2012,57,152,4,6,5>I can't quite tell if The Sinking Ship is a restaurant or a bar. On a friday night, the place was "full," but there really weren't a lot of people in there. There just didn't seem to be enough places for people to sit. Not that it's a problem, just an interesting observation. The food was super tasty (and SUPER spicy!), they have some veggie options, and the beer was cold. They serve the beer in mason jars, which is interesting, but what I'm more interested in are the 40's! You can get a 40 of some fine, fine malt liquor for only a few bucks! Just like the old days! After a few King Cobras, a quesadilla, fried corn something or others, and I almost had to be carted out of there! Our server was very busy all night, but kept our drinks full and our stomachs happy. I am pretty happy that this place is within walking distance (or stumbling distance...) Also, the music is awesome. I found myself singing along with tons of songs they had playing that brought me back to my high school punk days. Good times!!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,1/18/2012,41,120,2,3,2>I completely agree with the sentiments of the others that state that this is the type of establishment that should be celebrated.   Local businesses are like little rays of sunshine in a cloudy world of chain restaurants.   They can be quirky, but they have a personality - and as Jules mentioned in Pulp Fiction, "Personality goes a long way..." So, long live Pizzology!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,1/17/2012,57,115,5,2,1>Good for vegans by design, don't miss this one.The lunch buffet is so indulgent that it will make you cry. It is magnificent. Baby angels riding unicorns give you your plates and it feels like you're full of rainbows inside. Okay, not really, but it is that good.Dinner is cheap, good, but not great.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,1/16/2012,68,56,,2,3>After going to karaoke at the Metro and Olly's for years, I decided to take a chance on Living Room since so many of my friends suggested it. The karaoke is computerized, it's simple and easy. Walk up to the kiosk, put your name and song in. Viola! The clientele is a mix of young downtowners and after-work suburbanites. Food is good too. Try the cheeseburger if you don't mind too many calories. The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was because of the service. Our table of 8 never had the same server and the servers kept forgetting to wait on us making us got to the bar several times to order drinks. Then we were over-charged for drink. However, in the end the server fixed the total. Totally worth it on a karaoke night, maybe just sit at the bar.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,1/15/2012,88,127,,5,1>Quick, friendly service.  The food is not fancy, but it is delicious, filling and consistent.(Savings tip, as if it's not already reasonably priced...If you shop at Marsh, be sure to keep your receipt.  There's a coupon for $5 off a purchase of $25 or more, or a free appetizer with the purchase of 2 combination plates.)
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,1/14/2012,111,194,2,4,2>Who says that Indy has slim pickings when it comes to stuff to do?In the last week I attended the last night of the IMA's Winter Film Series (Memento), and went to a viewing of a documentary on Valentino with a live Skype with the filmmaker.  And I still want to go back in a few days to check out their new exhibit called "The Hard Truth"!This place is a gem containing a thousand hidden gems to explore.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,1/13/2012,180,775,4,5,4>An update from last year.  Still 5 stars.Came here about a month ago to the Frank Sinatra Tribute and it was great.  However, I came here tonight with my daughter for the Symphony on the Prairie's Music of Billy Joel and Elton John.  Michael Cavanaugh and the ISO's performance blew us away.  This was by far, the best Symphony on the Prairie performance that I've attended since moving to Indianapolis last summer.I think I might buy a block of tickets next season.  Only a 30 minute drive from my house in BR and free parking at the event.A gem in Indiana!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2011,1/12/2012,13,74,2,3,2>Twenty tap was so sorely needed in this area of town.  It's totally laid back and is teeming with potential as it gets settled.The restaurant is a bit noisy, but that was perfect for a Tuesday night and dining with a toddler. (Yay!  Beer and kids are allowed without feeling bad about taking up space)!My cute little beer geek was delighting in the selection of taps, what a treat.  My mushroom reuben was to die for... yep, watch me lick that plate.  And the homemade aioli's were delicious and creamy - almost like butter.The service, however lost this place a star.  Our dark-haired waitress was really nice, though I too had been left unimpressed by the blonde-bun lady on a previous visit too.  The main problem was that it took about a year and a half for our food to come out.  I felt bad for the people who were hanging around for over 30 minutes for a table.  Really, I wasn't interested in sitting there that long, hogging a table, either.So kitchen folks, it seems to me that you have an issue to work out.  The space isn't being used all that efficiently, you can fit in a bunch more tables, but the kitchen can't keep up with the small number of tables that they already have.I guess, serve people enough beer and they'll forget their troubles about getting an actual table.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,1/11/2012,185,178,4,7,4>This is our favorite Indy Ethnic festival. Located in a nice neighborhood at a beautiful church, free admission, several different live bands playing throughout the day, Upland beer on draft, $15 bottles of very decent red, white & sparkling wines AND the best food selection. The food is served in tapas portions, varying from bowls of steamed mussels, oysters on the half shell, tarts, BBQ, Cajun fare, cheese & pate & fruit & bread plates, pommes frites, crepes, fresh pastries, etc. Definitely more upscale vittles & drink than most of the other fests. There are also a lot of local arts & crafts booths to shop from. And, this event is family friendly. I really appreciate that it's never too crowded and you don't have to wait in lines for food or drink or restrooms. It's a 1-day event that I look  forward to every year.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2011,1/10/2012,69,64,3,5,4>My long awaited revisit to this media engorged cafè has finally come! Curiosity, more than anything, has driven me back thinking, hey wait a minute did I miss something the first time? By "the first time" I mean that I was there once, before our national tour guide Guy Fieri made his appearance and created a monster. A monster with signs outside reading, not exactly, but in so many words, "Because we are now famous you WILL wait!" I have to admit, my first visit to Jersey's was pretty uneventful. I had a blah sandwich and never thought to go back. Now with the buzz I had to see what all the noise was all about. So I packed my kids in the Golf Cart, yes I said Golf Cart ( impulse purchase & story for another time LOL), and headed on the trek from 116th & Ditch Road to 136th & Meridian. Thank god for Carmel's huge sidewalks!! I have to say I was kind of excited to try the traditional Philly whiz wit that seems to be all the craze. We settled in and began getting overwhelmed by the huge selection of Subs on the menu. I shook my head, cleared my mind and like a sniper exhaling before his squeeze of the trigger, I zoomed in on my target, the 9th &  Passyunk Cheese steak. Don don daaa! I ordered that and the Wildwood cheese steak, which looked good on another table and consisted of steak, meatballs ( which they tout as home made) tomato sauce provolone and blue cheeses. And no, I did not eat them both, I split with my son so we could try them both. My daughters ordered the kids grilled cheese, loaded chips & chicken and pasta soup. Unlike most reviews, our food was out in about 25 minutes. On to the review. The 9th & Passyunk was good and at some point I will probably have it again but it wasn't blow me away, oh my god I need it again, jaw dropping good, as Guy Fieri portrayed it. It was just good! The wildwood on the other hand was NOT good. The meatballs, even though proclaimed to be wonderfully home made, destroyed an otherwise good sandwich. They tasted, as MOST meatballs do here in Indy, flat, tasteless & pre-packaged to me. Definitely wouldn't have again. To me, and I know this sounds funny, the absolute star of the show was...... The Kids Grilled Cheese!!! To quote Usher OMG! It's kind of hard to describe, it was thick cut bread with white American cheese (which being from the north east I love) inside and shredded cheddar on the outside and it seemed like it was pressed in a flat panini grill. It's was a good size so I was happy there was still some for me. Very, Very good. I WILL go back even for just that, but they charge an extra $1.50 if you're over 12 so next time I'm dying my grays and shaving my white chin and I'll fight with my sister to try and get the deal. The chips and the soup were both good. Kinda neat twist on loaded chips. They had BBQ sauce bacon and cheese. All in all not excellent but good and absolutely not worth waiting an hour as so many reviewers have.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,1/9/2012,139,205,6,2,2>I absolutely love Stoney's. The cramped little aisles are filled with the best craft beers. Or if you just want a sixer of a domestic, hey, that's ok, too! The prices are average to that of your local liquor store. $8-$9 for a craft brew, etc.  At the register, you'll find Rose who will drum up some of the best and most interesting conversations ever. If Rose isn't there, you'll find a guy who's a bit more quiet and introverted. He always tells me to "Be careful out there," as if it's a zombie apocalypse. Nope, just the Beast side.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/8/2012,140,444,6,5,4>Well, Yelpers...I have not written a 5 star review in a long time.  It's hard to give away so many stars!  But, tonight is the night!  My friend and I were having a sushi craving and iSushi is on the list for Order In Biz (a new food delivery service in Indy) so away we went...we are both fairly new to ordering sushi, but we made some choices and boy, were we happy!This was our order to share:$5.50 Gyoza (Potstickers)$2.75 Chicken Fried Rice$5.75 Crunch Roll$5.75 Southern California Roll$8.25 Winnie the Pooh RollFirst, hello affordable sushi!  Second, the pieces were huge and they were plentiful - averaging no fewer then 6 pieces per roll.  Third, DELISH and FRESH!! Having this delivered was a risk in my opinion but it arrived hot and fresh and was so good!I immediately decided I must share this incredible find with you northsider (or any siders) b/c it was some of the best sushi I've had.  YUM-MO!  I think I might have to order again tomorrow night since my husband abandoned me with two kids under 2 to golf in Mexico for five days...oh, I got off on a bit of a tangent there at the end.But bottom line - YES, as good as it gets!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,1/6/2012,37,164,,6,1>Order the Sausage Board and you may not need a meal. (of course I had both and made it through, but just a warning on the size of the food). The Sausage Board had several thinly sliced varieties of meat like prosciutto as well as some wurst. Served with crusty bread, and toppings such as mustards, caramelized onions, pickles, and olives, I was easily able to make several perfect bites.I LOVE meatloaf and Brugge has a delish 3-meat meatloaf sandwich that was crunchy on the outside and moist and tender on the inside.My lunch companion had the duck confit sandwich which I tasted and loved.Dessert was the Nutella crepe which we shared and fought over. It's drizzled with creme freche and topped with raspberry sauce that was not too sweet and mixed well with the Nutella.The frites were a little underdone and not as special as they were the last time I at here.The place was full with a wait, but the servers were fast at refills and while they didn't spend long with us, they did answer questions thoroughly and the staff seems to have full-court defense strategy and we were cared for by several different people at the same time.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,1/5/2012,23,22,1,10,3>True to the grand scale of Las Vegas, dishes at Hal's are over the top in both size and presentation.  I started my experience with a martini flight--a choice of five mini martinis with names like Old Blue Eyes and Royal Flush.   While I was sipping, I sampled the crab stuffed mushrooms, which were practically overflowing with lump crab meat.  Hal's definitely went "all in" on this one!The steaks were flavorful and juicy and you can add toppings like a bacon and bleu cheese garlic butter or mushrooms sautéed in burgundy wine.  The meatloaf was like something my mom would make--if my mom used angus beef and made her own tomato sauce.  And I can't remember the last time I had pasta as perfectly prepared as the Forest Mushroom Ravioli-- tender pillows of pasta filled with large pieces of wild mushrooms in a delicate sherry cream sauce.   The lobster pot pie was beautiful--a true feast for the eyes.  However, I just didn't think the flavor stood up to the presentation.  The taste of the lobster overwhelmed the vegetables and delicate puff pastry crust.  The grilled pork chop (locally grown at Fischer Farms) was thick and juicy, and I particularly enjoyed the sweet and tart pear cranberry chutney topping.Even more impressive than the menu at Hal's is the décor.  Hal's is dark and sexy and elegantly over the top--just like a Vegas hotel.  The walls are adorned with pictures from "old Vegas"--Sammie Davis Jr., Frank Sinatra, Marilyn Monroe and others.   At the center of the restaurant, across from the glitzy bar, is a grand piano and, believe it or not, slot machines!  Just like a trip to Las Vegas, Hal's is a great experience, but it's going to cost you.  The food is great and the portions are huge, but it is a little bit overpriced.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,1/4/2012,34,58,3,5,4>The Yelp Indianapolis International Supper Club had a great visit to Safari.  The owners are Somali immigrants who were observing Ramadan at the time, so we didn't arrive for dinner until 9:00.  The owners had worked with our fabulous YIISC coordinators to prepare a meal for us rather than having us order off a menu.  We had a huge meal with a lot of different dishes.  The centerpiece was a huge platter of goat.  I'm actuallly not a fan of goat, but I did try a taste (didn't want to miss anything) and the herbs in the meat were heavenly.  We had a great chicken dish with vegetables, more veggies in their own dish, spaghetti noodles with something hard to describe--not at all substantial enough to be a sauce, but more just ingredients clinging to the noodles.  That was actually my favorite.  And there was a unique kind of unlevened bread.  It was slightly sweet and chewy.  Then we topped off the meal with some chai-like tea.The whole meal was delicious and satisfying.  The owners could not have been nicer.  The building is nothing special, just a basic room with tables and chairs, and a window to the kitchen where you order and collect the food.  But if it was a fancy restaurant, I wouldn't have expected it to be authentic.  I love whole-in-the-wall places, especially when it comes to international fare.  Check out Safari, you won't regret it!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,1/3/2012,42,284,,6,2>These cupcakes are SO fantastic! I took it down one star for the priceyness of $3/cupcake, but one or two here and there is so worth it. They have so many flavors, and they change all the time. The best time to come is when they open at 10am; at that time they have the full selection of freshly baked cupcakes. (I know this from my cupcake-obsessed friend who adores this place.)If you are a fan of icing and sweet things, you will be in for a treat, because they pile on tons of icing and it is sweet, creamy, and delicious. I've only tried a few of the cupcakes, but my favorite so far is devil's food with peanut butter icing - I nearly passed out from the sheer pleasure of that thing touching my tongue.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,1/2/2012,122,38,7,5,6>The trampoline Gods have blessed the Indy area with an indoor trampoline park to worship.  If you're looking to bounce the inner kid back in your life you must attend.  Management was friendly and accomodating.  Place was very clean, since it's new.  A little tough to find, but well worth the scavenger hunt.  Can't wait for the 3D dodgeball to start.  I think if they do some TV commercials they might have to have a long disclaimer like the drug commercials.  If you're over 30 this much fun may cause back pain in spots you never knew you had, sore joints, skinned knees, and so on.  This place is a blast and will be back again for some jumping fun.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,1/1/2012,29,66,5,1,2>I love Sun King. Admittedly, I am not a big fan of all their beers, althouh I do love the Weemac and many of their seasonals. What I appreciate and love most is the combination of beers I enjoy and what they are doing for Indy and our community.I always get a twinkle in my eye when I attend a local event and see their awesome beer truck.Also, I like that their bathroom smells like hops.  I don't like my beer too hoppy, but I guess that is how I like a restroom...
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,12/30/2011,210,195,11,2,4>Upon my last visit I was greeted with "Baby Got Back"  on the house stereo. I nervously looked around to make sure I wasn't the only one hearing it.. The confirmation of my sanity was when the teller and i sang along to the same part out of nowhere.. we had a good laugh. They always take my money and put it in the right place. My only gripe is that the ATM doesn't accept deposits.. My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns hun.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,12/29/2011,71,190,,4,4>This place has a great beer selection.  I recommend sitting at the bar and getting to know Doug so you'll always know what's on tap!  They usually have great specials on some of the seasonal beers and have many hard to find options.  The prices can get a little crazy but don't feel weird asking your server how much a brew will cost - they don't have a problem letting you know if that pint is going to be upwards of $8 for some of the crazier limited edition beers they get in! I recommend sticking to anything with swamp sauce or the buffalo wings.  The food is fried and traditional bar food but at least the place is non-smoking and you know what you're going to get when you order it!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,12/28/2011,19,103,,4,2>I'm so happy The Libertine is in Indy.  I think the Seelbach is my new favorite cocktail.  We sampled a number of their offerings including oysters, the warm mushrooms salad, the beet salad, deviled eggs (three different kinds!), and the lamb neck rillette.  Everything was very good but the lamb rillette was my favorite.  As mentioned previously plates are small.  I personally love this about The Libertine as I got to try so many of their tasty dishes.I can't wait to go back to try more cocktails and food.Oh one other thing.  I think they are the only place in Indianapolis that offers Fernet at the bar.  For that alone, they get 5 stars.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,12/27/2011,295,229,,6,1>Well I finally made it for dinner. Yes, we spent even amounts on two meals and four drinks. The drinks are great, and there is a great selection, but man, they are expensive. Close to $40 for four drinks. Nevertheless, the dirty martini and Waitiki were fabulous. I'd like to try the cucumber fizz next time since everyone is raving about it.I dined on the Grilled Salmon, and yes, it was awesome. The kale was braised perfectly, and the sauce while having fattier (delicious) ingredients, was light. The salmon portion was generous. Ordered a side of fontina mashed potatoes and had to stop myself from eating the whole thing. I can't imagine how much more delicious they become once a fried lobster is placed on top of their pillowy, cheesy nom-ness. Our server, Hano, was attentive, funny, and extremely helpful to help decide what to eat when our "Batman-Batman fly right out" method ceased to work.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,12/26/2011,134,221,4,7,6>Typically, toy stores make my head explode. This one doesn't. Mass Ave Toys is my go-to spot for gifts for my nephew. This isn't the type of place you're going to find crap inspired by the latest Disney movies, TV shows or tween stars. Mass Ave Toys specializes in playthings, books and games that are a cut above. You can find classics like Lincoln Logs, as well as European-made toys, instruments, educational games and a lovingly curated book selection. The staff is really knowledgeable. I usually walk in and announce how old my nephew is and they show me about eight or so items that might interest him. Then I browse around. I've gotten my nephew adorable matching games, a cute watch, fun books and a wooden car you can take apart and reassemble in various ways (this was by far the biggest hit). The prices are very reasonable and the store is, amazingly, never overrun with screaming children, which is probably its greatest feature.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,12/25/2011,33,82,7,9,2>I think the name of this place is now China Happy Feet, but it's only two words you should look at- butt massage.I cruised in here one day before a work meeting, needing some heavy duty relaxation, and walked out a different woman, a woman that needed a hair brush, but also a woman that had been admitted to heaven for 60 minutes.The foot part, where you soak your feet in hottish water with herbs, was nice enough, but the guy that worked on me worked out kinks in my neck and shoulders, and a very thorough scalp massage before even getting to my feet, and proceeded to rapidly send me to my happy place. And, this was before I flipped over and received a back massage that equaled the almost 100 dollar one I got earlier this year. (and they didn't massage my butt, BTW) There were muscles that I didn't know I even used sighing in relief, and for only 25 dollars! I definitely plan to come back here, especially since the open format massage area is gone, replaced with curtained off partitions, and you don't get down to your drawers so that's all the privacy I need. I do echo the advice above, though- wear a short sleeved shirt that you won't scream when the massage oil gets onto, and pants that roll up or cropped pants.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,12/24/2011,133,150,21,14,12>OK, let's not get into the details on how I ended up at this gentleman's club for gentleman, or the fact that as a straight female I have no idea if I can give an accurate review for this establishment's intended audience - I just want to tell you about the Unicorn Club.You will never find this place unless you are looking for it.  Once you do find it, you will be intimidated by the Fort Knox-like door security which involves pressing a buzzer to have someone unlock the door and let you in.  And out.  The Unicorn Club is serious business.  First rule about Unicorn Club - you do not talk about Unicorn Club.  I don't know if this really is a rule, but I kind of feel like it could be. It's small, dark, and has an awesomely almost indescribable atmosphere that makes me feel like I'm in some sort of clandestine fly by night nightclub.  Think if you ever went to a rave in the 90s - like it's obviously a club venue, but probably wasn't one yesterday, and won't be tomorrow...a little on the sketchy side, but in that exciting I'm not supposed to be here but I am anyway and I feel naughty kind of way.  I felt a little weird at first being a girl at the gay bar, but quickly got over it as most everyone was very friendly and were cool with us being there.  Mondays and Thursdays are penny drink nights.  I chose Thursday because you get dancers AND divas.  The line up alternates between the boy strippers and drag queens.  I never thought I would enjoy a male stripper - my initial thoughts on male strippers immediately go to Chippendale's or whatever...ew.  The dancers at Unicorn Club are not like that.  They are attractive.   And you aren't getting the full Monty so don't be scared!   When you enter Unicorn Club, you make a 10 dollar donation and you get a cup.  Do not lose or throw away your cup, it's your cup for the entire night.  THIS IS IMPORTANT!Make your way to the bar where you have your choice of beer or liquor with a variety of mixers.  Bring plenty of singles and enjoy the show.  Tip your bartenders and performers, they work hard for the money.  If you've never seen a dude work a pole, trust me, put it on your bucket list as something to do - it is a sight to behold.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,12/23/2011,121,437,,4,3>The Big Green Bistro catered a Yelp event last night and did NOT disappoint.  I have heard lots of good things about the big green egg grills and I must say...it's ALL TRUE!  The truck looks like a bistro from the outside, and there is a great shade canopy that comes out.  The people working in there clearly love their jobs.  They were all so happy to be cooking and serving.  Everyone was friendly.  Also great of them to have both meaty and meat-free options.Onto the food.  Round one -- Korean tacos.  Tons of veggies, nearly perfectly cooked tortillas (they started to wilt because the tacos were so juicy), and tasty beef.  Next, polenta with cheese, onions, Indiana mushrooms, and chopped nuts.  Isn't it totally weird to have this combination, especially with the nuts on top? No, it's darn near perfect.   ALL of us, including the hard core carnivores like me, liked this even better than the Smoked Goose sausage/salami platter and the beef tacos.  Must...have...again!!  My "light eater" friend even went back for a second bowl, which she quite gracefully snarfed down.Finally, the cake.  I'm not a fan of cake, really not a fan of pineapple upside down cake, which is usually a sticky, cloying mess ...but I ate EVERY bite of theirs.  The cake was very light and moist.  It reminded me of a tres leches cake.  The pineapple on top must have been fresh, not canned, because it was sweet, but not TOO sweet.  The sugar crystallized, giving the cake the slightest welcome crunch.  The cake was covered in some kind of light sauce that made the whole thing hum.  I've never had anything like it.  I wish I would have brought my Tupperware and smuggled a dozen of them home.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,12/22/2011,115,150,,3,3>Okay, can someone explain to me why I've never been to Yats before?? I've lived in indy for 2 years and my house is a hop, skip and jump away from Yats. I'm so confused! Normally if I'm going to go check out a new place I will look it up and check the reviews. But my fiance and I were already out running errands, and I was hungry so this was a last minute decision to grab a bite to eat. We had no idea it was cash only, which I think is really weird because who carries cash anymore? Any way, we ordered our food and since we didn't have any cash we were given an IOU.......I think I stared a the guy and back at the IOU for at least 5 minutes. SO CONFUSED! I think the last time I had an IOU was when I was like 8 and it was for borrowing a quarter for a gumball machine.Food was AMAZING. Seriously, oh so yummy! We were able to try a little sample of each dish and decided on the crawfish curry etouffee. Absolute heaven on rice. Each plate also comes with 2 slices of french bread smothered in seasoned butter. 2 plates and 2 drinks came out to $14. DEAL! I really like that it's a rotating menu, I will definitely be back to try the other dishes.Yats is my new favorite restaurant in Indianapolis. We stopped in the next day to pay our IOU and if we didn't have plans to eat at another joint we  would have totally ate there again. So don't be a dummy like me and wait 2 years to check out Yats. :P
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,12/21/2011,125,230,5,4,4>I have been dying to go here ever since I moved to Fountain Square. Finally on a whim stopped in with my adventurous friend. It's awesome! If you like your bars a little on the dive-y side like I do, that is. The hand painted sign outside says "$1.00 days Wed, Thurs". I am expecting an 8 oz plastic cup of draft Keystone Light, but what's this? Any domestic bottle?! This is crazy town! They have a shuffle board, which I called shuffle puck and was quickly laughed at, whatever. This seems to have quite the following. Very competitive, hoots, oohs and ahh's, and I am guessing some side bets too. The bar itself is quite small with only 4 seats. Never fear Rosie is a great bartender, quick, friendly, and funny. There are a ton of small tables too. The weekends host a house band that is a little bit country and a little bit rock and roll. Beers go up to a whopping $2.50 on the weekends. Free wings on Tuesdays?! WTF?! How is this even possible? There is a pool table and a crack machine, but we had more fun meeting some of the regulars at the "round bar". Touch tunes juke box was playing all night, mostly country which seems fitting. It's a been a family business for 47 years! Practically unheard of these days. I am going to make this my home away from home. Expect to see me and Chuck hanging out at the up coming Hog Roast, Oct. 8th.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,12/20/2011,23,52,2,2,3>Every time I am up early enough to eat breakfast here, (sadly, that's kind of rare) I am sooo happy I did! Always fantastic.  Locally sourced foods, and a fantastic Eggs Benedict (one of my breakfast staple items).  Be ready to wait for a table unless you get there as soon as they open.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,12/19/2011,31,38,,4,1>Do you remember in Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory when they walk through a tiny, nondescript door into a cavernous, candy-filled paradise? Walking through the door of the Blarney Stone is a little like that, if you are feeling generous with comparisons. I've driven by here numerous times, but the outside has a very bar-like appearance, which usually means dirty and full of smoke. When the BBQ place next door was closed, we decided to give the Blarney Stone a walk-through. WOW. The outside could not be more different than the inside.  I thought we were entering into a small, crowded, dirty bar and instead it was a huge space! Nonsmoking, very clean, fairly quiet, and spacious. It actually feels much more like a restaurant in every way than a bar. Stunned by the difference, we tried to get our bearings. Lots of good Irish offerings with all the usuals, but there's also pizza, burgers, salads, etc. If you can't find something to eat here, you're definitely not trying. The service was fine although we probably could have had our drinks refreshed a little more often. The actual food was delicious and reasonably priced. I think I just found a new regular place!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,12/18/2011,42,291,,5,1>A trip to the Auto Parts store in Westfield requires a stop at Big Hoffa's on the way back.  Big Hoffa's has the best pulled barbeque and ribs.  Their sauce is a traditional sauce without all the thickeners, it is thin and tasty and you only need a little bit.Normally I get the pulled pork and chicken, but since I was eating in, I got the 1 lb rib tips as a meal, with their baked beans and fantastic cayenne potato salad.  This is quite an experience, sorting through a full pound of rib tips.  Only found a couple pieces that had bones in them, most of the plate was wonderful.They have a great fast takeout that works really well for large groups and will get you fixed up with buns and sides for a very reasonable price.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,12/17/2011,123,216,2,7,3>Yum!  Delicious light, warm, crepes filled with a variety of toppings.  They have both sweet and savory crepes available.  I had the Picnic (BBQ chicken) and my hubby had the Red Eggs and Bacon.  Both were really good and a much better choice than the fried options we almost settled on.  I'm so glad they were still open at 7pm on a Friday making them the  perfect accompaniment to the IPA I was enjoying at the Tomlinson Tap Room.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,12/16/2011,30,118,8,4,2>HOLY MOSES, SOUND THE ALARM, THIS BREAKFAST IS BLOWING MY BRAINS ARART! I'm pretty sure I could eat the working mans special everyday for the rest of my life. Do yourself a favor and go to town at DON AND DONA'S! ALSO EAT THE FLIPPIN CATFISH!
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,12/15/2011,67,81,29,11,9>How has this place not yet been reviewd? MIND-BOGGLED! This is a place that I love because it has an extremely high people watching entertainment factor. None of my friends will ever go back more than once and It's too sketchy to go alone, but dammit, man, I do love this place!The thirsty turtle is a shitty dive bar. It isn't scene or putting on the appearance of being a dive bar....it's the real deal. And hey, maybe that's why scenesters that like scene dive bars don't wanna go here. It's a little gritty. I once ordered a long island here and the tender pulled a container of sort of glowing green liquid out of a cooler, poured it into a cup and gave it to me. Ok...that's not a long island, sir, but I shall drink it anyway, for it is booze. I got so wasted. I don't know what the hell that stuff was, maybe it was anti-freeze? There's no telling. They have lingerie shows there on tuesday nights. You can go check out some pock-marked, middle-aged, 'too old and tired to be a stripper' type of ladies in their underoos while you sip on some antifreeze.they have karaoke there! I sang 'guilty feet' by the hit songmaker, george michael (no relation to the bluth's). After I sang, a leather daddy going by the name of "Pebbles' was next. The dude was mid 30's, body entirely shaved, about 400 pounds, and all in leather and spikes. Another time I saw a man dancing on a table. It was a sort of tall bar table, so of course he fell. Everybody was wasted and he was in a flannel, wife beater, trucker hat, skinny jeans and cowboy boot ensemble, except he didn't look like he listened to built to spill or nada surf so much as he was just wearing his regular clothes and was fresh from the hills. And frankly, I prefer that. He got up and did an irish jig on the table for some adoring ladyfans. Ladies with perms, scrunchies, silky shirts with ruffles and stains on them, tits hanging out, skirts too short and too tight to cover their asses. It was awesome. Were the stains breastmilk? I find it likely.It was awesome because everybody was completely themselves and not taking themselves seriously. The drinks were neon green and cheap as hell, the scene was shady and a bit sketchy, and the whole experience, every time has been nothing but bizarre and beautiful. I love this place and think it's a great time.You should go!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,12/14/2011,42,96,1,3,2>I love finding new spots that are not in the chain restaurant industry.George's gives you a family bar and grill feel, but because it offers you the bar area, I can get away from the families.  I don't have children, so i don't want to listen to them whine at dinner or get hit with bread-stick tantrum crossfire. We were here on a live music night.  Other then the one chick that was drunk and acting retarded, it was a great experience... she was acting like a drunk college girl groupie in the front of the bar. I am just a little too beyond that scene.We enjoyed the meal, a little pricey for a neighborhood bar and grill, but I didn't mind for the high quality. Would deff do the jalapeno poppers again!
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,12/13/2011,89,180,5,2,5>In a world of the same thing to do everywhere you go, The White Rabbit Cabaret is the place to go when you want something different and fun. Events vary from night to night, so hit up their website to see what's coming next. I've been there for a variety show, comedy, and the March Fourth marching band. The venue is clean, has ample seating, wonderful hosts/staff, and a good drink selection (Beer and wine only). Drinks are priced well ($4 for a Stone IPA and Sun King on tap? Yes please).If scantily clad ladies, men with handlebar mustaches, and a little bit of hedonism isn't your thing, then stop being such a damn prude and get your ass into the White Rabbit Cabaret for some good times.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,12/12/2011,23,124,3,3,2>The new Bazbeaux: like jumping from a Pontiac to a Cadillac.And this place aint no 1979 Coupe DeVille (not that there's anything wrong with that) -- this place is the hip new CTS -- a Caddy with spunk, pizazz, and energy, but serving up the classiness to which we've grown accustomed.OK, car analogy is over. In all seriousness, I dig the new location. Sure, it's easy to say "oh they sold out to be in a brand new building" and blah blah blah...but their kitchen is SUPER expanded, and it looks like there's quite a bit more room for us pizza-worshiping guests. Plus, a bar AND draft beer (that's right, such good news I'll say it again...draft beer).As for the menu, doesn't look like much has changed (which is great news)! I've heard rumors of an upcoming patio (which, almost anything would be an improvement over their previous one).One small, minor, teeny tiny complaint: they changed the shredded cheese on their side salads...not a fan. Other than that...pizza lovers shall continue to rejoice in this relocated Mass Ave Mecca.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,12/11/2011,195,303,4,3,5>An ode to my favorite after work watering hole:Lockerbie LimerickLockerbie Pub is the bestMy liver it puts to the testThe food is delightful The staff is insightfulIt's here that my tush comes to rest!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,12/10/2011,205,259,5,1,1>Chicken and wafflesThis is the perfect haikuSweet potato? YES!My heart fell in love the first time I ever had chicken and waffles and that was at the infamous Roscoe's in Los Angeles... But if one is ever in Indy (and possibly burning off alcohol from visiting two breweries in a row, for example, flat twelve and sunking) you have to hit Maxine's. The prices aren't super cheap, but the $5 menu is pretty sweet. My bros and I all got the wing and waffle, and WHAT? There are multiple flavors of waffle? WHAT? There is a sweet potato waffle?! Waffle, wing, peach butter, hot sauce, syrup... Sexy. We're breaking up Roscoe... My heart has fallen instead to Maxine.... Now if only she hadn't broken it the other night when I came to visit and discovered she's only open until 6 pm... Le sigh...
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,12/9/2011,43,25,4,2,1>I love the experience of eating at Thr3e Wise Men that I've made it almost a weekly stop. The pizza is like nothing else served in Indy: thin, imperfectly-shaped crust with perfect sauce and fresh ingredients. Seriously good. Breadsticks are okay. The best food item, however, is the elephant ear. Yes, elephant ear. Too. Good.So, I was not prepared for communal tables on my first visit, but I liked it immediately. The crowd has been diverse every time I've been there, so the vibe at the tables is always different but also always friendly. As far as beer goes, I'm impressed for a place that just opened. I still prefer Sun King for the basics, but the Bunny Blonde and Nut Brown ale are delicious. Oh, and water is served in giant Ball jars.There's very little to improve here other than dumping the slow, clunky, awkward devices the servers are forced to use. They all hate them, and it makes ordering a much longer experience than it should take. I'm sure it adds to the food arriving quickly, but that user interface needs some improvement. And all the servers look exactly alike: when every server, male and female, is skinny and has brown hair in a pony tail, I have a hard time fitting out whom to ask for a refill. Minor quibbles about the best addition to Broad Ripple in a long time.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,12/8/2011,44,102,,4,2>Goat Cheese Cheesecake! Yes, I said Goat cheese cheesecake.  If you go for no other reason, go for the goat cheese.There are plenty of other reasons to go to The Local.  I have now been twice and have been pleased with my food both times.  The burger was very good. The pork tenderloin rocked.  The pork tenderloin was nicely breaded, and it was still thick enough to actually be able to taste the pork, not just the breading. However, it was thin enough to eat in a sandwich.There are many things on the menu that I still wish to try.  The white cheddar mac and cheese with lardons (large bacon bites) sounds delicious.The service has been friendly both times I've been, but the last time the server originally thought I ordered the pulled pork and not the pork tenderloin. Thankfully, we realized the issue before the meal came out. Then she never brought me the house salad I ordered. I'm sure they would have brought it if I had asked, but the meal was already there and I decided that with the size of the sandwich I probably didn't really need the salad too.  We also had to ask for water twice before she brought it.As others have said, I also really like that they are locally owned and try to use as much locally sourced products as they can.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,12/7/2011,150,96,3,4,5>Papa. Oh lord, PAPA! I absolutely love Papa Roux! This is their 2nd location. Opened today, Oct 17, 2011 at 10:30am in the Indianapolis City Market. I was one of the first people out there to get a first look at city market's hottest thing. The menu here is much smaller than his east side location, but it is built for speed. I got the roast beef today and as always it was on point. Served with papa's soon to be famous Vouxdoux sauce and crispy, creamy coleslaw. It is not an authentic po boy, but it is a papa roux po boy and that my friends is better than being on Bourbon Street sipping a hurricane.  Well hurricanes are pretty good.  Have you ever had a hand grenade down there?  Oh it will knock you down.  Oh wait, back to the roux toux!  Today papa was giving out abita bottled root beer with every po boy.  Not sure it he will stick with this or go back to the free tea of the east side location.  The prices where alittle lower than the east side but you do not get all you can eat sides.  You get two with your meal, which consisted of creole, etouffee, red beans and rice and Zapps Chips.  The other po boys offered in the $7.50 range where the onion, pork, and chicken.  In the $9.50 range there was a muffaletta, smoked sausage, and a few others.  I love to go down to the city market and now I have an even better reason.  Open Monday - Friday for lunch and soon on Thursday and Friday nights.  By sometime in 2012 he hopes to match the hours of the Tomlinson Taproom, my personal favorite place to grab a post Sun King beer.  The people that work for Papa are the best.  Chad, Mariah, and the whole crew will make you feel like you just stepped of the St Charles Ave street car.  FYI, when I left around noon...there was a good 20 person line.  They open at 10:30 so get there early to beat the lunch crowd.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,12/6/2011,60,619,,5,2>Probably the best gay bar in Indy.  No smoking indoors, nice long deck out back, darts, pool tables, videos, generally a nice mixed crowd, bingo on Tuesday, country dancing on Fridays (early).  The owner tends to keep things up and constantly make it a little nicer.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2011,12/5/2011,66,229,5,5,4>This place has a ridiculous amount of stuff on the walls including about a million framed sports illustrated magazines, some weird sign with cartoon kids being inappropriate, and a kick ass spuds mackenzie poster in the bathroom. Other than that, this place seems to be a regular old neigborhood watering hole with cheap and strong drinks. Don't expect your favorite local brewery's Butternut Watermelon Coffee Stout here. Just get a Coors Light and a shot of Beam. Supposedly the pizza is good. I'll have to go back and check that out. I love pretty much all of Fountain Square, but its nice to find a place in the area that the young tight jeaned crowd hasn't invaded, and the moustaches are not ironic. It reminds me of the westside.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,12/4/2011,69,61,5,5,3>Dear Penthouse:  It was Friday evening and my husband and I stopped into La Revolucion in Fountain Square.... Yes, it's THAT good. It's amazing. If La Revolucion were a person, I'd have an affair with it. So onto a review, the interior to die for (har har- if you go, you'll get the joke), and the food is even better. The chips and salsa (and don't even get my started on the guac- best in the city, hands down) are made WHEN you order, not scooped out of a bin in the kitchen. They're HOT. And amazing. Quick tip, though- if you order the chipotle salsa, be prepared for a massive fire in your mouth. But a good kind of fire- if you're into spicy food. The veggie tacos are magnificent. I don't know what they put into the black beans but it's gotta have some sort of crack-like additive because it's THAT good. So you have your black beans, grilled squash, and I think there's onions (not sure, I ate them so quickly I have no idea..) all in a piping hot tortilla. There's other amazing offerings, as well- my husband had the puff-pastry sausage roll and said it was good (he ordered two!) and on our last trip he ordered the pork tacos which, in his opinion, were a thousand times better than tacos from a certain taco truck that's popular in Indy. So add to the awesome food, and amazing atmosphere/decor, you gotta have some sort of miss, right? No, the beer selection here is probably one of the best that I've seen in the city. Flat12, Sun King, and other locals and you're set for an amazing night. I'm a bit hesitant to even give such a high review because I don't want to get the word out about my "happy place" and have it so packed I can't get in, but I wish them all the best- they deserve it!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/22/2011,12/3/2011,26,146,,3,2>My Wife and I eat here about once or twice a month.  It used to be a lot more busy before they opened up BW's down the road.  They have larger wings than BW's and I like that they will do boneless wings for the same price as traditional.They usually have good beer specials and the servers are always friendly here.I would recomend this place for a change from BW's every now and then.They have TV's here, but they aren't as good as BW's.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2011,12/2/2011,47,59,,4,2>Keep in mind, this is not a Mexican restaurant, but they serve very good Tacos, Burritos and such. If you are like me and can't stand the Mexican Phone Company that serves Tacos, then this is your place. If you like a little spice, make sure you use the TDH (Too Darn Hot) sauce, it rocks! Its really not that hot, but its got "The Flavor." Enjoy!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,12/1/2011,15,280,,5,2>Once again, Yelp has steered me in the direction of something memorably delicious. Everything you hear about La Parada is true. It is tiny. It is affordable. It is staffed with genuinely friendly people. It is situated in a somewhat rundown area (near Arsenal Tech High School), but I didn't fear for my life or anything.And it is unbelievably tasty. I was completely overwhelmed by the menu and went with the spicy pork tacos based on the reviews I read and the pressure to order before my head exploded from all the options. They were out of elote, which was sad, but not surprising since (A) they were on special for $1.25 and (B) everyone loves mayonnaise.I really didn't notice the food tasting or even looking at all like the "gringo" Mexican fare we're all used to settling for... but being a gringa myself, I might have no idea what I'm talking about. I plan on taking my sister, who's visited Mexico several times and knows the cuisine, to verify this for me.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,11/30/2011,153,144,,5,5>You have to rate this place on the bier, which is very good. This was my first visit to a brewery only location and I was not sure what to expect.Rocky at the door was very friendly and gave me the run down of how the place was laid out. The tasting area was large and inviting. So many awesome things can be done is such a cool space. I look forward to seeing what events take place in the future. A bit more seating would be nice and a place to sit your bier down, but it was not a big deal at all. It's not like you are going to sit and drink bier after bier. (well maybe)I loved the blonde and amber. I am just not an IPA fan, but I keep trying. I liked that we were able to enjoy a pint for $4.50 and a growler to go for $12.00.. For those of you who don't know, when you get a growler you can get it refilled at ANY brewery. They just have to put a sticker on it. Refills at Flat12 are $8.00
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,11/29/2011,42,100,,5,1>I feel like I get reverse sticker shock every time we eat here.  Also - every one of their burgers can be made with a black bean patty.  And they are delicious!  There's one with grilled mushrooms, caramelized onion, and cheese which is gooey, melty deliciousity itself.  Coziness of this place is such a win.  Outdoor seating in nicer weather too, lots of people bringing their dogs and generally being friendly.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,11/28/2011,28,156,,5,2>We came here for lunch after seeing it featured on a recent episode of FoodNetwork's Diner's Drive-Ins & Dives.  We had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated in this victorian era house. I wanted to try several things on their veg and non-veg menu but decided on the Veg Chili and a grilled cheese with cheddar and swiss with peppers and spinach.  The bread was nice and crunchy and the cheese was gooey.  I was very satisfied.  the hubby had the chili and the turkey sandwich with avocado and pesto, which he thought was a little greasy (3/5). Potato salad side was good. We both thought the chili was ok for veg. The blueberry and goat cheese pie was awesome and I wish we got a bigger piece  :)
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,11/27/2011,25,218,2,3,3>What a fun and eclectic joint ... reminds me more of the Pacific Northwest than downtown Indy.  Lots of fun and odd small plate options, extremely friendly service from Ed.Beef tongue cocktail?  Spectacular explosion of flavors, 5 stars out of 5!  Take a bite that includes all components (beef tongue + beets + cottage cheese + potato chip) and try not to be blown away.  This dish alone is worth the visit!  My wife loved the peach + goat cheese summer salad that she ordered (5 stars).  The lemon poppy seed spaetzle was quite tasty but VERY dense and buttery - if you order this, be prepared for that brick-in-your-stomach feeling afterwards (4 stars).  Welsh rarebit?  Well, it was fairly decent but then again, you just paid $7 for a large piece of toast with cheese on it and that's a bit much (3.5 stars).  The pickle plate was a disappointment, honestly.  I love pickles but you shouldn't expect to get your typical cucumber pickles here ... instead we got eggplant + corn on the cob + green beans + homemade peanut butter.  While we enjoyed the overall *idea* of the dish, it just didn't really do much of anything for us in terms of taste (2 stars).  Lastly, they had two "shrubs" (old-fashioned fruit-infused drinks with vinegar) on the chalkboard menu and we tried the banana/lemongrass one.  It was actually quite spectacular and fun, definitely worth the $5 (5 stars).I think Black Market could absolutely be a 5 star joint for us, but I just couldn't justify more than 4 stars on this visit after factoring in the disappointing pickle plate and expensive cheese toast.  We'll definitely be heading back to try the other small plates that we didn't try on our first visit.  That means you, duck buns and pork belly.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,11/26/2011,26,62,4,2,2>Two words...Brussel Sprouts...usually bring fear and loathing to mind...thank you Recess for giving me renewed faith in veggies.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,11/25/2011,84,58,3,2,2>My favorite Korean place in Indianapolis!  Looking for some new, try the do it yourself BBQ with your friends.  You select the kind of meat you like and then grill it yourself right at your table.  The marinade for the meat is a lot better than its competitor, and the sides also seem fresher as well.  They carry this side that I don't really see other places have, pickled garlic and jalapenos.  My favorite meat selection is the spicy pork, it's flavorful and grill up really juicy.  The service can be a little disappointing at times.  Some times you really have to wave your hands and feet to get attention.  Recently I've been getting a new lady who is so cheerful and sweet, and a younger gentleman who is very helpful.  Hopefully they will stick around.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,11/24/2011,109,103,6,5,4>This is the perfect place to take your Mom, Sister, Daughter, BFF, or Gay Husband for a languid afternoon of girlie bliss. I took my Mommy & my BFF and we all did the yummy-yummy chair dance more than a time or two during our decadent 2 hour girlie frenzy.Soup, sandwich, & salad lunches that optimize  the art of comfort. Then a course of pastries, & chocolates to top off the occasion. Add gift shop quality chocolates, candles, and art and we really do find girlie nirvana! Soon to add outdoor seating in warm weather, which I can't wait for. ** Bonus tip: I recently read that tea consumption helps to prevent obesity, so ladies in my translation this means all calories consumed at a tea room are rendered null & void. So yes I plan to visit The Iris on a very frequent basis.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,11/23/2011,388,59,5,12,8>There's a lot of great eating to be done in Indianapolis, more than our fair city gets credit for, but there isn't an abundance of great restaurants. From chops and pizza to Thai and Indian and street-style tacos, people are doing great things with food here. But the Hoosier state's general lack of pretense works against the restaurant scene. The thinking of too many restauranteurs seems to be that if the food is good it doesn't really matter if the rest of the experience (design, service, etc) is underwhelming. That's why St. Elmo continues to loom large in the hearts and minds of locals and visitors alike. It's more myth than restaurant, a powerful story that is passed down from one generation to the next. St. Elmo's stewards are smart enough not to monkey with that story, ensuring that Indy's young turks will enjoy more or less the same St. Elmo experience that our parents and grandparents did.If you aren't familiar with the St. Elmo story, here's the condensed version; Founded by Joe Stahr in 1902 and named for the patron saint of sailors, St. Elmo has be in operation ever since. The restaurant has been under the control of just three owners: Stahr, Harry Roth and Isadore Rosen (see: Harry & Izzy's), and the Huse family. The servers wear black jackets and bowties - many of them have worked there for decades. The menu is early 20th century American; huge steaks, chicken, lobster tail, potatoes, asparagus, etc. When Indy was a provincial outpost with a pharmaceutical company and a racetrack, visiting big wigs posted up at St. Elmo. They still do. Sports casters mention it when broadcasting nationally-televised Pacers and Colts games. The shrimp cocktail is famous. It's also awesome. If you take a large bite of the horseradish-filled sauce you'll get a sensation approximating that of having an icepick rammed into your brain through your nostril. Some see it as forever beyond their means. To others, dining at St. Elmo is an aspirational benchmark. The reality is that while St. Elmo is an expensive place to eat by any measure, the sticker shock that young professionals or middle-income types might feel when at a $26 chicken entree or $50 steak can be assuaged by the simple fact that one dish will feed two people comfortably. The sides can stretch even further. The Wife and I spilt the Amish chicken, a side of green beans and the King Crab mac'n'cheese and left with enough chicken and mac'n'cheese to feed her lunch the next day. Our server told us with regret that there was no more pie or cobbler so we opted for white chocolate & blueberry bread pudding. Half of THAT ended up going home with us as well. The only dishes that got completely crushed were the shrimp cocktail and complimentary bread.If you can't swing splitting an item from the regular menu, St. Elmo offers a bar menu of sliders and small plate options that run $5 to $12 and begs the question, "if you're going to drop $25 on beer and a snack at a cheesy chain bar and grill, wouldn't you rather spend the same amount of money at St. Elmo?" The answer is obvious to me. The bar servers are more casually dressed than those who patrol the dining room but they are no less skilled or attentive, and there's just enough hustle and bustle to make the restaurant feel like a living organism. The bar's walls are covered with autographed photos and newspaper stories featuring several eras-worth of national and local celebrities that offer silent testimonial to St. Elmo's decades-long A-list status. It may seem obvious, and some locals might be tired of hearing it, but the story is true; St. Elmo is a great restaurant. In Sept. 2011 work will be completed on the new second-floor 1933 Bar that in my estimation will feel brand new like its always been there. An extension of the St. Elmo story, framed photos will evoke jubilation on the day that prohibition ended and drinks will be served across an antique bar made by the same manufacturer that made the original bar downstairs. I'm looking forward to taking my firstborn there in 2031.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,11/22/2011,159,60,,5,3>Well, I had been in Goose a few times to take advantage of their copious selection of craft beer and wine, however I had never eaten here due to not being a meat-eater. Even though I do not eat meat, I do really appreciate the attention to detail that Goose takes in selecting the animals that they use. With that said, I finally stopped in for a sandwich...and was blown away. Since most of the sandwiches on the board have meat in them, I asked them to throw a custom creation together. It had a few mushroom patties from Local Folks, a made that day mint pesto, fresh mozzarella and a few other veggies on a super tasty piece of bread. I plan to make this a regular stop from now on. With everything being so fresh I am not sure how anything could be bad. They also have some fresh, local produce, and grocery items. There is also a bike rack. Just go.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,11/21/2011,75,186,2,3,2>Dr. Leland was recommended to us after giving birth to my son 3 weeks ago. He was 3 weeks early & we hadn't picked out a pediatrician yet. I have to say, I'm glad I went with him. He came to visit us in the hospital & seemed to have a good bedside manner. That became even more obvious during his office visits. The office is outdated as far as decor goes, but Dr. Leland & his staff are so awesome & friendly it doesn't really matter. He takes the time to answer any questions I have & thoroughly explains any procedures. They give me a record w/ my son's weight & height on it at each visit. Dr. Leland takes patients from birth-college & I hear rumours that other doctors take their kids to Dr. Leland. His experience & charm shine brightly.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2011,11/20/2011,68,197,10,9,7>We love experimenting with food and Ethiopian being a cuisine we hadn't been exposed to, Abyssinia was a natural place to try.We walked in just after noon on a Saturday and the restaurant was empty.  There was one other table in the side room.  We were greeted right away with menus and water.  The staff we encountered were all very friendly, but not overly so.  We started with a crispy pastry filled with ground meat.  It was delicious!  Crispy without being greasy.  Full off flavorful meat with just a hint of spice at the finish.For our entree, we tried the sampler #2.  It came out on a large round crepe and the lovely women indicated what each dish was.  We dug in with our ample amount of bread.  The bread was cool to the touch, which may be perfectly normal, but it was a little odd.  Most of the items on the tray were delicious.  Very flavorful and not too spicy.  We found that if I liked something, my husband didn't as much and vice versa.  ... and then, the best way for me to say it, is that I was just done.  The texture of the bread was unappealing to me.  The food was flavorful, but soft.  I hadn't eaten much, but I didn't want to continue.When I said this, Philip agreed that he had hit the same wall.  So, we wrapped it up.  On the way home, we were talking about it and I decided it left us with what I will forever call "food confusion."  It liked it, but I didn't want to keep eating it.If it appeals to you and you're an adventurous eater - you must try it.    I'm glad we went and I want you to try it, too.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2011,11/19/2011,7,49,3,3,3>Pizza is a little thin for deep dish. It's more, medium sized dish. And like, in the process of downgrading the dish size, it seems they sacrificed a ton of cheese. For good pizza in Indy, I'd probably head over to the Ale Emporium instead. The sauce isn't on top, but hey, maybe you could like, take the 80 pounds of cheese off, put it aside, scrape off the sauce with a fork, toss the cheese back on, and then smear the sauce on top. Voila. Anyway, yeah, SoC seems a little overrated. Haven't had the beef yet though, which looks pretty fire.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,11/18/2011,63,195,2,2,2>Perfect little lunch or breakfast spot in downtown Noblesville! I love this place, the decor, the staff, the FOOD - everything is just right. Goldilocks would be content here. Moving here form Chicago, I was a little bummed at the lack of nice little locally owned restaurants but when we discovered downtown Noblesville , my sadness melted away. Rosie's is yet another awesome little gem on the square!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,11/17/2011,106,123,,4,2>Great atmosphere. Friendly, outgoing staff (especially Stephanie) isn't afraid to strike up a conversation. Definitely going back and taking the kids next time.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,11/16/2011,60,113,3,5,2>I go to FMS to have facial treatments done. The office is in one of the pyramid buildings off of Michigan Ave. A little weird, but the space is actually quite nice once you get inside. The esthetician that I have been working with (Taylor) is fantastic. She explains things well and has great bedside manner. She always checks if I'm comfortable and is really pleasant and caring. The front office is a little aloof and forgetful and that can be a tad annoying, but other than that, I really like it.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,11/15/2011,91,653,6,7,6>I'm a sucker for a Cuban sandwich and this place has a whole section of their menu devoted to them.  They are huge here and I love the extra spice they impart with the sauces.If you can, sit outside in the patio area for a view of the Capitol Building and Monument Circle.  Great for people watching.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,11/14/2011,12,48,14,5,6>They love Billy Ocean here. Love him.  When we walked into Havana Cafe Carribean Queen(no more love on the run) was blasting.  And now its been stuck in my head all day.In honor on Mr. Ocean and Havana Cafe:my review, inspired by the track listings of Billy Ocean's 1984 powerhouse "Suddenly"1."Caribbean Queen (No More Love on the Run)"-Havana cafe is run by a friendly lady from the Carribean.  The New York Times wrote an article on her and her Hoosier establishment.2."Mystery Lady" -the menu and lunch board specials are kinda confusing...pictures or brief descriptions would be very helpful3."Syncopation"- the service is scattered and inconsistent4."The Long and Winding Road"- 38th street is a mess:avoid and try alternate routes5."Loverboy" -a handsome man with a mustache works there.  He was nice but seemed frazzled serving just the two of us.6."Lucky Man"- I felt fortunate to find this little gem.  It was easily the best Cuban food I've had in Indianapolis.7."Dancefloor"- Havana Cafe is small consisting of 4-5 table tops.  Its perfect for lunch or an impromptu dinner date, but you might want to reconsider taking a large group here.8."If I Should Lose You"-Its not hard to find, but its not the easiest either if you are unfamiliar with the west side.  9."Suddenly" -The food is rich.  You can get full in the blink of an eye.  I had the piping hot Cuban.  It was loaded with ham and pork placed betwix some kind of unique bread.  The mustard and pickles did an excellent job cutting through the fattiness creating a most satisfying sandwich.and now for dessert......youtube.com/watch?v=dkXV
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,11/13/2011,15,115,,6,1>The spicy pork tacos are awesome. The 3 for $5 deal isn't bad at all, but 3 never seem to be enough for me (honestly I could eat these until it hurt). So I normally get 4, which is $7. They take credit cards now too, which makes it much more convenient to change lunch plans when they are near me.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,11/12/2011,20,42,3,4,4>Sometimes pizza is just pizza. After geeking the fugg out about the stuff in minute detail day after day, it's nice to just enjoy a pizza as an oooey-gooey, cheesed-to-holy-heaven-as-only-Americans-can meal.  not NY style or Chicago or California style either. I would say it's kind of a Trenton/New England/pizza parlor-ish mix.  Whatever, you know what, it's great. Turn off the pizza-snob-analysis portion of your brain, and enjoy the comfort-food-of-your-youth works. This is basically what pizza is at Barlo's.1) The ingredients are fresh, flavorful.  Toppings are full coverage.  Quality cheese in abundance. not for the lactose weak.2) Crust is Goldilocks 'just right' thickness.  Lil' crunch, lil' chew, light dusting of herbage on top.3) The store is clean.  I repeat, the kitchen, the counter, the floor, everything is clean. Big stars for clean.4) 'Fresh veggies' mini-salad bar that is NOT your sorry bagged iceberg laziness.5)  The staff is mature and always great.  Nothing against teens needing to have jobs. Something against teens who missed employee training day and could care less. In contrast, calling up Barlo's is a pleasure, they are always helpful and never seem bothered by your questions-- even if you want them to explain every single specialty pizza on the menu. They will perfectly customize to your liking (within reason)--What's good on the menu?  Well you can't go wrong with straightforward cheese!  It's just great.Pepperoni.  Single topping goodness.Unique menu item worth mentioning--Asian Teriyaki-- yes, there is a thin layer of rice over the pizza crust. certainly different and not bad but a little odd for me. Bottom line, tasty & quality traditional 'American' style pizza that is pretty good eatin no matter where you're from.  This isn't the only local pizza place I support, but when you have a craving for a pizza without questionable ingredients and/or questionable results, then this is the place you go.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,11/11/2011,24,36,3,3,2>I've only eaten the breakfast here (even at lunch), so this place could be called anything - I can't comment on the Frenchness.    You can't go wrong with the omelette of the day.  Even if you don't like an ingredient, they allow one (and depending on the server, two) modifications.  Definitely cheaper to order it this way than creating your own.  No up charge for egg whites, either!   Each one comes with the choice of bread (read "cinnamon toast") and a cup of fresh fruit.  Dabble some Sriracha sauce on top, and it's my favorite breakfast in town!Bring a sweatshirt - even on the hottest days that place is Arctic-esque and the metal chairs don't help out much.  Expect to see/hear/kick off your leg many little children.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/19/2011,11/10/2011,29,74,2,2,3>Oh Roscoe, I used used to visit the southside location here when I was younger. Roscoe was so nice and friendly. We used to come in and eat and talk to Roscoe atleast once or twice a week. I finally talked my wife into going with me recently and honestly it was not much like I remembered, except for all the sauces and the funky names of the tacos. The Texas Brushfire sauce is my favorite. We used to get like 3 or 4 things and be completely stuffed for less than $5. Prices seemed like they have gone way up, I understand inflation and everything, and it is still not outrageously expensive, but there are better taco joints that are cheaper around the city.The thing that really got on my nerves was when we tried to ask for no beans or sour cream on the side, he said well that will be an extra charge, Really??? An extra charge to leave something off. He said ya because we have a system and it will mess it up. Ok, I kind of understand if you say this during a very busy lunch hour, but there was only one other person in the restaurant and they were almost done with their meals. The food is ok and the prices are on the high end for this type of restaurant, like I said it was much better when I was a kid. The decor is pretty cool if you are into that country type of thing and the names they have come up with for their food are interesting. Its ok just not the same as i remembered, a little disappointed!!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,11/8/2011,122,723,5,4,1>LOVE living someplace where I can call a Chinese restaurant and have the food show up at my door less than 20 minutes later. This restaurant can turn a really long crazy crappy day right around when I get home late, am starving, and find there's no food...tada! Cheer King Star! The food is really cheap and you get a boat-load of it. It isn't the best by any means, but it's never tasted bad and we've never gotten sick (eaten it at least a dozen times in 10 months)...it's pretty darn good! Sometimes I even crave their rangoons, which are included free if your order is over a certain amount.The interior is decorated in old calendars featuring Chinese schoolgirls and sports cars, the temperature is never comfortable, and it's kinda stained/dirty looking. My advice? If you're weird about the aforementioned, always have the food delivered. Delivery kid is friendly and the food will arrive piping hot.I'm kind of torn as to my rating. Is there better Chinese food that I prefer in town? Definitely yes. But clearly the # of times I've ordered qualifies me as "a fan". And none of those other places will bring the food to me when I'm bra-less and barefoot at 8pm in January. 4 stars it is!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,11/7/2011,69,176,,6,3>After reading a few reviews from my friends I am wondering why in the world I do not have a review written about this place? It is definitely one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in town.  I swear I have either drafted many reviews and lost them or else written them in my head before lol.  This place serves Vietnamese and Chinese dishes.  The chinese dishes are pretty flavorful and very cheap if you come during lunch hour.  Everyone in the city already knows this because they are PACKED during lunch. There is usually a line at the counter and many people call to go orders in and just come pick it up. Recently they moved next door into a freestanding building and even that place is packed, there is a wait just to sit down, and the building is like 5 times bigger than what they had.  They are very quick and concerned about the quality and timeliness of your order which is not very common for asian restaurants.  It's considered a fast food joint in my book because of the types of food and the style of business, but so much better than you can imagine.  I am very picky about my Vietnamese food and always leave satisfied here.  My favorite is the vietnamese eggrolls - wrap them in lettuce and dip them in the fish sauce that comes out with them. YUM  Their Pho is great and so is the My Kho.  The only thing i'm not too crazy about is the Banh Canh Gio Heo because there is no true Gio Heo in there and the crab is imitation :(   Just about everything else is good and comes out piping hot.   The owner is very sweet and she moves quickly around to make sure everyone is taken care of.  They don't offer a lot of Vietnamese options but what they do offer they do it well. No frills, just great food, great service, and great prices! If you have never tried Pho, this is a great place to try it because you'll know how's it suppose to taste.  As good as it gets besides home cooking!  People keep coming back for more, you see a lot of actual Vietnamese people eating here, and they run an honest business.  One of the best things on the south side for sure :)
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,11/6/2011,57,152,,3,4>Imbibe is easily one of my favorite bars in Indianapolis. Aside from Brian being an all around good guy (it seems like no matter how long it's been since my last visit, he always wants to know what's going on, remembers my name, and is up for a quick chat about life), the beer selection is always great, the drinks are stiff and delicious, and the atmosphere and decor just has something about it that makes me feel like a regular even if I haven't been there for a few weeks. If you don't feel like sitting and talking with a bunch of people or you just want to unwind with a tasty martini (I'd recommend a chocolate martini), there's always something interesting on TV (usually some crazy movie that you haven't seen in forever and want to watch again) and some interesting music playing to take your mind off of the world.In fact, I'm headed there tonight! Come stop by and say hey!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,11/5/2011,50,97,4,3,4>One of my favorite parks in Indianapolis. Absolutely beautiful. Tons of towering sycamores. Amphitheater. Pool. Giant gazebo. Art Center. An incredible conservatory and, of course, the Sunken Gardens.- It is amazing to look at the old pictures of this place. It has changed so little.The park is massive and connects to the Pleasant Run Parkway which is now connected to the Cultural Trail. It's a great destination for downtown cyclists to have a picnic or relax in the shade with a book.During the summer there is always something happening at the Gardens or the Amphitheater- mostly concerts.There are tons of playground equipment if you have kiddos, or if you are like me and still love playing on the monkey bars.This is a great park to walk the dogs, but, fair warning, there are a lot of cocky squirrels in this park. They don't care how big or scary your dog is. They will tease and mock your canine companion without mercy.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,11/4/2011,12,98,2,3,2>I want to eat lunch here everyday.  Soup+the best spring roll ever+entree=$5.95.  If you are a light lunch eater, there will be leftovers for dinner.  I also suggest the papaya salad.  It is huge!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,11/3/2011,185,178,6,13,8>Presenting: Twenty Tap, the newest and coolest dining & drinking establishment of the So Bro neighborhood. Starring: 20 great selections of craft beer on tap.Co-starring: A wonderful appetizer, salad, sandwich & burger menu.Produced & directed by: Kevin Matalucci, longtime BRBP brewer.The Scoop: A dining area with a separate standing bar area. Neither area is huge so this place is going to get packed fast.  Twenty selections of different craft beer on tap such as Founders Reds Rye, 3 Floyds Zombie Dust (which alas has bitten the dust), Stone Arrogant Bastard, Founders Cerise, some Sun King and Flat 12, etc. The menu is definitely award winning. The Smoked Mushroom Reuben on rye with swiss, pickles, sauerkraut, onion & Russian sauce is one masterpiece of a sandwich. The Morty Burger with mortadella, pickles, mustard, onion & smoked provolone is fabulous. AND, the House Fries are by far the best fries ever and are deserving of a standing ovation!! What this critic says:  I am extremely excited about this place in every way. Location, atmosphere, beer selection, menu choices & reasonable prices and of course, the wonderful execution of the food served.  And, I challenge anyone to say these aren't the best damn fries.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,11/2/2011,69,64,3,5,3>As far as I am concerned Papa Roux deserves a 6 foot trophy and a Blazing Platinum Star. This wonderful little eatery blows everything and anything in it's category away! I wish I could sit there and eat everything on the menu. I couldn't make up my mind between the Chicken Po Boy and the Chicken Creole. The server that was taking my order suggested getting the Po Boy and then get the veggie Creole as a side! Done deal!! By the time I sat down the sandwich was at my table. As I unwrapped it from it's paper cocoon I noticed that the bread was soaked with all the juices from this dish. I personally love that. It's like killing 2 birds with one stone and I don't get yelled at for dipping my bread in the juice!It was delicious. Nicely topped with coleslaw that enhanced the texture and gave it a little crunch. I sat and waited for the server to ask me what I would like for sides and wondered for a little while if they had forgotten me. Then I noticed the little flag on the table that said, right in front of my eyes, Raise the flag for service! I think I was too interested in the Po Boy to notice the flag, but when I did it was on!! I had a side of red beans and rice and 3 sides of the Creole! The Creole was absolutely unbelievable. A little bit spicy, a little bit sweet. Honestly I could eat just that all day. I went early, as I usually like to get in before the lunch crowd, and I'm glad I did because by 11:50 AM the line was out the door and there wasn't a seat to be had in the place. My hat goes off to you Papa Roux. Every mom and pop place should use you as a roll model!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2011,11/1/2011,38,55,,6,1>Okay, first up, full disclosure: I live walking distance from this bar, so it is always going to be A-OK with me since I don't have to drive. More full disclosure: this is the first Indiana bar I've reviewed - I moved to Indianapolis area after 20 years in Georgia, so some things that I don't like might simply be regional / cultural differences.What I like about DC's: besides the conveninece to my residence, it is a spacious place, and neat and clean. There are pool tables, a long, inviting bar, plenty of seating, and most of it is booths with high backs that offer a modicum of privacy for you and your group. They usually seem to have the place well-staffed, with plenty of servers on the floor. For the most part, the staff is friendly and likeable. There is also an upper area (like balcony seating), but I've neer seen it used, so I suspect it is a "rental" space. The pub is essentially a Sport's Bar, so there are lots of TVs - from large projection screens on two walls, to many smaller screens. You won't hurt for a veiw of the game or games. They also have the wireless national trivia game, and a coin operated machine at the end of the bar with various games; I also saw a few stand-up video games (Golden Tee, I think). In addition, they have free wi-fi, so bring your laptop, if you like. They feature live music, and I've never seen a cover charge, so that's nice. The few bands I've heard tend to be acoustic or duo singer/songwriter types doing covers - they are okay. The drink specials are pretty good -- $2 Bud or Bud Light bottles, and usually a $4.00 Jaeger Bomb; different nights are different specials, but if you are a beer drinker, this is not a bad place to suck down some brew. Liquor drinkers, see below.What I don't like: the smoking is the biggest pain. I'm accustomed to smoke-free environments in Atlanta, and DC's is all smoking, all the time. Of course, it's a sports pub, so that is not that surprising. The other thing I'm not a fan of is the food -- the menu is very large and diverse, but almost everything I've tried is barely adequate. I thought the burgers were especially awful, despite the paragraph description about how the beef is triple ground and seasoned with some family recipe. The fried food does slightly better, but all ends up tasting somewhat the same. Their wings are the best thing I've tried; the food is edible, but it is certainly NOT why I would recommend this place. Also,their drinks seem like weak pours (about a 2 count, I'd say), and their prices seem slightly elevated for liquor drinks; naturally, I realize that as you frequent a place and get to know people better, you generally see a "heavier hand" with the drinks -- and maybe this is a Southern vs. MidWest thing, but I've been there well over 2 dozen times and I tip well and I know most of the staff (especially bar staff) by name, and yet, I see no real change in my drinks. $6 for a Sapphire and Tonic and it tastes like you waved the gin bottle at a glass of tonic? No thank you, I'll go back to the $2 Bud Lights and the Bud/Bud Light pitcher specials. Finally, the crowd is weird - I mean, I've met some decent folks there, but it's like every time you walk in the place you get an entirely different crowd / vibe. I honestly never know if I'm going to meet grizzled 60-somethings at the bar swapping war stories, or a bunch of 20-somethings embroiled in their latest dysfunctional drama, or just a couple of cool, chill folks having a drink and a smoke after work. It gets even more schizo on the weekends, and other times, the place is dead. The crowd is a total roll of the dice.But, as I said, I can walk there, so you'll find me there again and again.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,10/31/2011,149,388,3,3,3>The cheese shop is definitely a place I can't stay in for long due to the overwhelmingly pungent smells of various cheeses and my highly developed sense of lactose intolerance.  If you yearn for European cheeses, than this is the place.  And, of course, in a fine cheese shop there are also several awesome (and awesome to experiment with) wines from obscure locales throughout the US and world.  They have decided to pack up shop and move out of the Fashion Mall itself to the Fashion Mall Commons across 86th Street.  This might be smart move because now it is a lot easier to get in and get on with your dinner plans!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,10/30/2011,34,61,5,3,4>After sleeping on this place for way too long, finally made it out to the West-side, conveniently paired with a (needed) Saraga trip.Y'alls recommendations were spot on. The Reina Arepa was fantastic, the slight bite of raw onion cutting through the smooth symphony of avocado, chicken, and cilantro. I couldn't decide which sauce to put on this; both were seriously great, the Red having an initial burn, but then fading nicely, and the Green being just heavy enough on the cilantro to balance out the...avocado I'm assuming. So good.Also had the Bean/Beef/Plantain/Cheese empanada, which was wrapped in a sweet corn shell and completely gone before I knew what was happening; the fried green plantains with chicken, beef, cilantro, onion, and cheese, riffing on but totally dominating loaded nachos/fries. The brown sugar & lime drink (in a Ball jar, of course) was great on a hot day, the right mix of citrus and sweet.The waitress said, "How'd you know what to order?" just when I thought I'd hid my first-timer status. Dutifully replied, "Reading about you on Yelp, of course. It was all awesome!"We were plotting a return trip while exiting into the parking lot.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,10/29/2011,81,119,3,2,2>The Steer-In is a stone's throw from my house.  In fact, the Steer-In might be why I bought my house!  Who doesn't want to live within walking distance of a greasy spoon?  I should probably explain that I'm a fan of greasy spoons.  I'm also a fan of neighborhood institutions.  So even before I walked in the door, the Steer-In was likely to get lots of stars.  The food at the Steer-in is your basic comfort food...with a few surprises.  The first surprise:  biscuits and gravy WITH, wait for it, tater tots.  By itself, the biscuits and gravy are fine.  But add, as a waitress suggested to me earlier this year, tater tots and you've got yourself a mind-blowing, face-melting breakfast combination.  The second surprise:  stuffed pizza.  It's large and delicious.  And with an assortment of stuffing options, you can make it your own.  I hate to be Bush-like and say something like, if you don't like the Steer-In, you aren't American.  But if you don't like the Steer-in....
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,10/28/2011,140,444,3,5,5>To put it simply - VERY GOOD.The menu is nothing off the beaten path but my typical grilled chicken fajita salad was unique, full of flavor and absolutely one of the best I've had!  I was super impressed with the decor, welcoming staff and cleanliness of this restaurant as well.As usual, service seems to be a priority in Mexican restaurants which is why I love going.  They are quick ...polite and always keep my drink refilled.  There is always enough chips and salsa to go around (and around) and I genuinely enjoyed my lunchtime experience here last week.I will be back and would recommend it for "good" Mexican in the area.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,10/27/2011,75,276,11,4,5>I really didn't want to like this place. It's in the heart of enemy territory for me. I've heard many legends about this area. Some have ventured in and returned with fake tans, Tapout shirts, and a vocabulary that suddenly includes gratuitous use of the word "bro."  Yes, I'm talking about that stretch of Meridian Street that reeks of Axe Body Spray and Patron.I set my preconceptions aside, however, popped my collar, and ended up enjoying a pretty damn good meal. We went for dinner at 7:00 on a Friday night and this was a good time as the place was not too crowded yet and the downstairs club area was not yet hoppin'.I started off with a perfect dry gin martini and it was spot on. Only $8 for that which seemed reasonable given the environment. This is a great place to share dishes. We went with:-The lobster taco, which was good but not great and a little small.-The Creamy Spicy Crab which was fantastic. -The Wasabi Mashed Potatoes which are as awesome as they sound. Definitely try them! -Some salad that my wife had but I did not try. -A white chocolate macadamia nut cookie a la mode. This was complimentary because one of us had a birthday. This is not something I would normally order, but it was delicious. Very sugary, though.   We were too full for sushi this time but decided we will return some time in the future and sit at the sushi bar. The service was great. Just the right amount of attention. I can tell that the owners have put a lot of thought into everything, from the layout of the restaurant, to the decor, to the menu. Overall, I have to agree with Jackie K. on the stars. Five for Indy, four if it were located in some other cities. It's definitely unique to Naptown. Give it a shot and you might be surprised. Just don't forget your Ed Hardy belt buckle. ;)
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,10/26/2011,180,775,7,6,6>I don't get it.  A yacht club in Indianapolis...on the White River.  A friend of mine is on the waiting list to become a member.  He thinks maybe next year...but for Indy 500 Eve...they opened their doors to all the riff-raff...namely us :-)$5 to park in between a couple of trailer hitches...wine out of plastic cups for us lowly non-members...some hoity-toity "this is a private party" wienies on one of the docks...being with my friends and smoking a Cuban Cohiba cigar on the deck = priceless!I still don't get it though...but I totally understand the nickname:  Redneck Yacht Club :-)
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,10/25/2011,111,194,,5,4>Brics is not just for summer.  It has the coziest seating area in Broad Ripple, replete with fireplace.  And with free wifi it's a good place to get some work done over a (root) beer.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,10/24/2011,59,320,3,3,3>I hit up Red Lion Grog House early this year on a Tuesday evening after work with some friends. I think the place was recently opened.It's a little tough to find - if you aren't familiar with Fountain Square and paying attention. The outdoor signage is practically non-existant. I drove by it twice before I figured out that it was smack in the middle of a city block.There aren't many places that serve scotch eggs but Red Lion Grog House did them justice! So delicious.I really shouldn't have eaten the fish and chips, but they were too hard to pass up! I'm glad I did! They were fantastic.At the time, they were one of the few places serving Sun King (everyone is now it seems) so that was bonus points in my book.I'll be back!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,10/23/2011,10,92,4,2,3>Wow, I was surprised at how good the burgers are here! It's so hard to pick the best burger in Indy, but this definitely is in the competition. The buns are amazing and the burger is so perfectly juicy! It's everything a good burger should be. The fries were also great, and we had perfect service. I can't wait to go back and get some ice cream maybe too.My husband did the challenge and now has his picture on the wall. Not sure how to feel about that.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,10/22/2011,37,164,4,6,4>Just got a whim to eat late on a Wednesday night. 9:15. Where to go? Was on the NW side near the Pyramids and dodged into a strip mall to see what, if anything, was open. Saw Kazan. Went "Shazzam!"Kazan offers a sushi bar and hibachi tables. For hibachi, think Beni Hana. Ordered some sushi while sitting at the hibachi table and it was excellent. Ordered the hibachi steak and was very impressed. All the flavors, down to the fried rice, were excellent. The steak looked beautiful when the chef put it on the grill and tasted wonderful when it came off.They offer the usual miso soup and ginger-dressinged salad which were fine. The choice of appetizers (shrimp, mushooms or chicken liver) made a nice addition to the meal. The fresh vegetables were tender and delish. I can't say enough nice things about this place. The service was impeccable even for so late at night. I was treated royally and greatly appreciated it.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,10/21/2011,78,198,,3,3>So the food was really good. The Italian beef was sliced thin and packed into a dipped bun. Yummm. Also got to try the pulled pork and that was smoky deliciousness. The fries were really good too, and definitely homemade, as I saw the person working cutting the potatoes by hand. By hand, can you believe it? The only thing keeping it from getting all 5 stars is that it was a bit pricey for what you're getting, but the quality is definitely there.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,10/20/2011,34,58,2,3,2>I finally got a chance to stop here last night as I drove home from downtown.  The setting can be a little intimidating, at least for a single woman, as it is in the parking lot of a gentlemen's club.  That is one of the reasons I hadn't stopped by before.  But no one bothered me while I was there.This was an after-dinner snack for me, so I just ordered 2 tacos:  one asada and one pastor.  The asada was fine, but the pastor was the best damn pastor meat I've ever had!!  I'm still drooling this morning just thinking of it.  I'm not sure how I'll be satisfied with any other taco flavor now.  And both came with the traditional cilantro and onions, along with your choice of roja or verde sauce.  I chose the spicier verde sauce, and it was a great accompaniment to the meat.Next time I'm there I'll have to branch out and try some of the other meats, like the cabeza (head? brain?).  And of course I must try the tortas.  But I will always get at least one taco el pastor and save it for dessert!Now I'm off to eat my lunch, which sadly does not contain a taco al pastor.  Sigh...
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,10/19/2011,165,152,2,3,2>I go here to walk my dogs, and not much else. Sure, the park has aerobics/dancing classes at the community center, a public pool that probably has band-aids in it like all others, a noisy playground, and an overbearing police presence (watch out on your way home, Broad Ripple revelers!)  But it's also a sizable chunk of nature that gives my dogs and I respite in the bustle of the city, so I dig it dearly.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,10/18/2011,20,21,2,2,2>Gotta love Henry's.  The coffee and espresso are great. The staff here is very friendly and can't be beat.  The pesto chicken sandwich, BLT bagel and biscuits and gravy (weekends only) are delicious.  The location and ambiance really set it apart from its competition.  I love relaxing with a coffee outside during the summer.  The indoors area is well-lit and is a great place to study, work or meet with friends.  This is as close to the setting of a european neighborhood cafe as you will find in Indianapolis.  This is my clean, well-lighted place.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,10/17/2011,144,579,2,2,2>Food tried:- Bayou Black Bean soup ($4/large)I had the pleasure of trying Circle City Soups as part of the Shakespeare at the Yelp! event last night. I'm not sure which Chef was running the booth, but I had the even greater pleasure of trying the Bayou Black Bean soup. Now, I've had me some black bean soups. I used to eat them in the dining hall back at college, and they generally made a pretty respectable soup, and their black bean wasn't half bad (wasn't my fave, but it wouldn't kill you). That black bean ain't got nothin' on this black bean. I mean, damn.Spicy, smooth, and piping hot, it was absolutely, as Trevor G. and Benjamin H. before me note "the best soup I have ever had".  It was even good COLD, and I think cold soup is about as illogical as clothes for pets (they have fur for a reason, don't they?). I would not hesitate to recommend Circle City Soups to anyone, even my enemies, so they can be jealous that I tried the soup for free. I eagerly look forward to heading back to the city market to sneak past Circle City Sweets to the corner where the chef wears a Sun King Brewing shirt under his whites (I wonder what beer they use in the beer can chicken?), to make my tastebuds do the cha cha again.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,10/16/2011,22,30,2,6,2>I was supposed to meet someone at McCallister's this past Friday. Unfortunately, my phone was dead, and they left a message saying they weren't going to make it. I'm an easygoing person, so it wasn't a huge deal. I spied Gigi's cupcakes next door, and decided to see what they had. I'm rarely over near Keystone (unless I am heading to Castleton Mall), so It would be a nice treat. I figured I would pick up 4 cupcakes for my husband and I to share. I walk in, and the two girls behind the counter are waiting on two ladies. I peer into the cupcake case, looking at what they have to offer. It was late afternoon, so some of the fancier flavors had slim pickings. When It was my turn I chose lemon icebox (lemon cupcakes {lemon anything really} are a standard for me),  hot fudge sundae, scarlett's red velvet, and birthday surprise.When I got home, the first cupcake I chose to eat was the lemon icebox (of course). Oh. My. God. This cupcake blew every other lemon cupcake I'd ever had out of the freaking water. When I initially bit into it, I got the icing, and the cake. That itself was amazing. That first bite was so good, I made my husband take a bite. He loved it too! Then he said something like "it's really cool and creamy in the middle. I looked at the cupcake.. IT HAS A LEMON FILLING!! *SCREAMS*. I smashed (ate for the slang challenged) the rest of that cupcake and nearly cried because it was all gone. My husband enjoyed his other two cupcakes, saying that they were just 'okay.' He had the hot fudge sundae one as well as the red velvet. I ended up with the birthday surprise for my last one. It was okay. It was kind of bland. Bottom line: The cupcakes that I had, made this a three star place, but that Lemon Icebox Cupcake? Yeah, that pushed them right over the edge to four stars. The staff is really friendly, and even though they were busy, took a little time to acknowledge me. I appreciate stuff like that. I will most definitely be back for that lemon cupcake again!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,10/14/2011,210,195,2,8,7>What the Golden Ace lacks in draft choices it makes up largely with character and what may be the best cheeseburger I've eaten on East Washington Street.A small irish folk group played music in the corner while a few of us Yelp Elites played a silly bar game and enjoyed our irish refreshments.  I visited last St. Patrick's Day which was a huge mistake on my part as I'm not too fond of large drunken festivals.  It seems like things are pretty low-key on weeknights at the Golden Ace and I like that.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,10/13/2011,134,221,7,6,6>This place rates four stars based on the garlic fries alone. If you're planning to kiss your dining companion later, it'd be wise to share these. I can barely describe the flavor sensation, but think Phil Spector's "Wall of Sound" in garlic form. On a French fry. Amazing!The elements of the veggie platter were above average--nice hummus, decent falafel, refreshing tabouli and a tasty Jerusalem salad. The spanikopita seemed to be made with creamed spinach, which was weird, but different, and I appreciate that. But: GARLIC FRIES, people. No need for the feta, go, go garlic all the way! The décor is what I would describe as baroque--sort of sumptuous and tacky at the same time. They had a singing harpsichord player who often sounded more like he belonged at Paddy O'Flynn's or whatever than a Mediterranean joint, but at least I didn't have to do my belly-dancer eye avoidance routine the whole night. The waitress was a bit chummy, but the service was good. Overall, I was more impressed with the quality of the food and experience on a recent visit than at times past.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,10/12/2011,33,82,2,2,4>The more I think about the fantastic meal I had here, the more I like it. I'm a big proponent of 'one big happy'- where friends become your family. I don't mean it in a creepy sense, but in a way that shows you care. The people fixing the food here, obviously care, and we cared about the food, and each other! I love family style meals also, and that's what we had- a flatbread, goat, spaghetti, rice, veggies, chicken and fish! I tasted everything and found it delightful, and the tea at the end was the capper. I couldn't have asked for a better experience, and I want to definitely go back and take my 1st, and 2nd, and 3rd families also!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,10/11/2011,133,150,19,6,7>This is a fun place to go and wander around for a couple hours on a lazy Sunday while thinking to yourself, "Has my relationship devolved into the cliched stereotype of a couple because I am at Midland Arts & Antiques market on a Saturday/Sunday morning after brunch looking at tschotskes?"  Then you remember you came by yourself, forever alone.  Good thing it's a huge building and there are many hiding places for when you start crying. I am always looking for new things to hang on my walls, and I have eclectic taste in interior design so with the staggering variety and constantly changing stock, they never disappoint.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2011,10/10/2011,265,331,8,9,7>I know the old saying is "I'm tired of gin, I'm tired of sin, and after last night, oh boy am I tired." Sub bourbon ('The Seelbach' I believe it was called?) for gin, and that would pretty well summarize my night. Wow! My companion noted--and rightly so--that this place is bringing the drink mixology of Indianapolis to the next level. The ingredients used were fresh, meticulously measured (when's the last time you've seen bartenders using a 'jigger'?), leading to my one criticism about this lovely place: size. An 'Old Fashioned' arrived in a seriously old-fashioned serving...harkening the days when a glass of water arrived in a 6 oz. (or less) receptacle. And while the food was mighty tasty, the movie 'L.A. Story' came to mind--images of a giant plate with tiny food. The tomato terrine was a savory mouth-party, but clearly meant for one, even though it is presented in two pieces. Sharing it will leave 2 wishing for more than 1 each. The crostini was yummy (loved the rosemary oil) and the idea of the crushed walnuts, but since the crostini was toasted to the point of shattering upon the impact of the first bite, I ended up losing most of the walnuts--so if they toasted the bread a little less, or ground the walnuts more finely, I could have gotten more swept onto my taste buds. The bacon quartet (?) (don't recall it's official moniker)...well, really what more needs to be said? Can you go wrong with bacon? Let me answer that for you: no, not really. I don't recall all the varieties, but I will say, they were all adequately lip-licking good and I enjoyed the accompanying sauce smears. However, again...I was left wanting more. I've never been the type to obsess about size. I am not a fan of Cheesecake Factory portions, and I get that these are carefully crafted pieces of culinary art, but in this case, I wanted bigger. And I wanted more. I will be back, undoubtedly, because I loved it, but may not be able to share with my companions, be forewarned.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,10/8/2011,179,458,2,3,2>It was Monday January 31st, Tuesday could not get here soon enough.  I looked outside my window.  The weather cold and unforgiving. The show must go on.  Drive way is clear.  Got the car out to work and back.  I check the news.  "People are encouraged to stay inside tonight and to only go out if absolutely necessary"  Challenge accepted.  I was ready to battle the elements.  I hear a ping come from my iPhone.  An email from Staraya?  Subject: Chef JJ's Pizza class canceled 2/1 Noooooooooooooooo! ( bit.ly/hlOyV7 )I went through all five stages of the Kübler-Ross model.  I put the next pizza date on my calendar and marched on.The day arrived and just when I thought they could not raise the bar any higher, they did.  I often wondered if Jon was the only person reading my reviews.  Turns out everyone at Chef JJ's reads the Yelp reviews.  I thought the dessert at steak night was amazing, but it was missing that little extra something, ice cream.  They ready my review and must have found it helpful, interesting, and funny.While Chef Jenna was mesmerizing us with her flair and panache, Chef JJ ever so discretely snuck out the door and left to pick up some ice cream.  It was a wild success.  I would say it brought down the backyard.  That dedication to customer service is unparalleled.  You see, I did not know they did not have a freezer.  The thought never really occurred to me.  JJ could have said, "Sorry MJ, we don't have freezers."  JJ must have read John Miller's QBQ book and asked "What can I do creatively to bridge the gap?"  The deep dish pizza was amazing.  I can't wait to get the recipe and try it out myself.  Everything was so delicious as always.On the way out, Jenna asked if they should get a freezer.  I think they should, but that is not really the point is it?   I left feeling inspired. Thank you Chef JJ, Chef Jenna, Rebecca, and Staraya.  You are the best.TL;DR; version I wanted ice cream with my last dessert at JJ's Backyard.  They do not have freezers.  Chef JJ went out to get ice cream before dessert was served.  I experienced the highest level of customer service and amazing food.  PSYelp needs a 6th star for the best of the best.  You can give only one per city.  Just a thought.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,10/7/2011,121,437,,7,4>After having a not so stellar experience, the owner contacted me for a redo.  Jordan did my mani-pedi this time.  She was excellent.  She was very professional and a perfectionist when it came to making sure my polish was dark enough, not smudged, etc.  She also did a brow wax that was fantastic -- looks good and nearly pain free. The only reason I cannot give them give 5 stars is the price.  While the wax was super reasonable ($12) I asked how much the mani-pedi would have been (to leave a proper tip) and she said it would have been around $100!!!  While the mani-pedi was really good, it was not $100 good. I was expecting it would have been $60 to MAYBE $75.  While the experience was wonderful, I won't be able to afford to go back except for the waxing.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,10/6/2011,125,230,3,3,2>There will be repeat visits, I repeat, there will be repeat visits. I love going to the fair. The moment the weather hits about 50 degrees I begin to remember and long for the annual fair visitation. Once the fair has graced us with it's presence I go as much as humanly possible. My first and foremost goal is to eat. Secondly, look at stuff. Stuff being anything from animals, exhibits, carnies, giant pumpkins, chubby Hoosiers in spandex, concerts, or moldy cakes (wait for the last day and hit up the women's arts building basement, you won't be disappointed). There a few mandatory items I must ingest: roasted corn dripping with butter, lemon shake-up, and a lamb kabob. Prices are high and you will pay them. Tuesdays are great for the $2 samplings, but sometimes you need a bucket of fried veggies so you're going to fork over that $12 rather than $2 for a half order of fried pickles. We all have choices to make.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/5/2010,10/5/2011,63,46,,7,3>I have mixed feelings about this place. There are not many places in Indy to get dim sum and this place offers an authentic Chinese meal. But a dining experience is more than just about the food. The general vibe I got from this place was sub par.For the food -Nothing was amazing here but they were out of the two things I wanted the most. They did have some pretty awsome chicken feet that had a strong star anise flavor. The stuffed eggplant is always a favorite of mine and theirs was decent. The seaweed roll was interesting. It was like a Chinese hotdog - seaweed casing stuffed with fishcake.  For the vibe -The service I got was pretty bad. They overcharged, forgot items, and pretty much neglected the fact that we were there. I went with two other people and we all got tea. When the bill came we all got charged 2.25 for it so we ended up paying close to $7 for the small pot that normally comes free at any Chinese place. I know my Chinese friends would have made a scene if this happened to them. I suspect they would have charged extra for rice too. I will probably revisit to give it one last chance since it was the most authentic Dim Sum I have had in Indy.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2011,10/4/2011,14,127,,3,2>My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out a few weeks ago. We stopped in around 6 on a Saturday night and we were seated on the patio right away. Our waitress came by and  I am not sure if she was new, having a bad day or was totally overwhelmed but she wasn't very attentive. She actually came up to us after we had paid the bill and were finishing our drinks and asked us if we were done because she had people waiting for a table! Ummmm RUDE! So needless to say, I am only rating the food for this review. Anyways, we decided to order the meatloaf ($17) and the pot roast ($19). I had the meatloaf and thought it was good but not great. It seemed a bit dry and instead of putting the normal ketchup on it, they put tomato sauce with HUGE chunks of tomato on it. The sauce was a bit too sWeet for my liking. The meal also came with mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus which were both delicious. I tried the boyfriends pot roast and enjoyed it. It was juicy and I believe it came with some sort of horseradish sauce on the side. It was also served with a side of leeks. Overall, we were both pretty pleased with our meals. They had an expansive menu that I want to go back and try more of and hopefully I can raise my rating.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,10/3/2011,88,127,,3,2>Typically I'm skeptical of any raw bar more than 100 miles from the coast.  Sure, plenty of restaurants will tout that their fish is "flown in daily", but flown in from where?  Chicago?  So it takes one day from Chicago to Indy, but how long was it in Chicago before that?  And how long did it take to get from the boat, to the processor, to the plane that went to Chicago?  Anyway, I'll end my rant and say that for a landlocked restaurant in central Indiana, Noah Grant's has changed my opinion of raw bars in the midwest.  There are few places within a days drive where you can select from a menu of over a half dozen different types of oysters, in addition to an eclectic selection of mussels, shellfish, and countless numbers of sushi rolls.Instead of ordering full entrees, we ordered a mix of mussels prepared with a tasty coconut milk broth; ceviche, PEI oysters, crab and artichoke dip, and the famous Butter Cake.  YUM YUM.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,10/2/2011,123,216,6,3,4>I have a dilemma.  Finally tried a torta from Tortas Guicho Dominguez y el Cubanito and it was AMAZING!  But...there was a hair in my sandwich.  I got the Megan Fox which is loaded with mexican sausage on top of a chicken breast, queso blanco, and topped off with shredded mozzarella.  The sandwich is heavenly and when I first spotted the unintended addition, I plucked it out and kept going.  Yeah, it is that good.  But then I started in on the second half and found another hair.  I'm guessing it was part of the same strand that was sliced in half when they cut the sandwich.  Either way, I did lose my appetite at this point.  So, how do I reconcile having the best sandwich ever and having the experience tainted by a hair?  I give it 4 stars instead of 5, that's how.  Will I return?  Abso-fucking-lutely!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,9/30/2011,36,182,2,8,3>Where do I start with the Rice Cooker? Well, I've been going here since I was 14. Mike & Jessie (the owners) and Terri & Rick (servers) have been there since I started eating here over 10 years ago. This says a lot to have the same staff for that many years! They must be doing something right. I have yet to have anything here that I did not like. I usually prefer the Teriyaki Chicken (spicy) with steamed rice. This is a simple yet filing meal. I like my food the spicier the better. The hot and sour soup is the best I have ever had at any Chinese restaurant ever. Another option is the Mu Shu Chicken (or pork). It comes with cabbage, snap peas, sprouts and tortillas (they call them pancakes) to place the meal into and eat like a burrito. It also comes with a plum sauce that is excellent for dipping this into; or you can just put it straight on the tortilla.The food comes out very quick; so if your in a hurry, you should have no problem getting in and out in 20-30min. But please don't mistake this for fast food, it is far from that. The food comes on nice china with metal utensils, and the drinks come out in nice glassware. This is an upscale Chinese restaurant in comparison with the usual "billboard back-lit menu's", Styrofoam plates/cups, and plastic utensils. I have even been in their kitchen. I was invited in by Mike, the owner. This is the cleanest kitchen you will ever see. I would recommend the Rice Cooker to anyone. Bring the whole family and enjoy your experience and meal!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,9/29/2011,30,118,13,6,8>Similar to making love, sloppy seconds generally is a losers game. However, the second time I went deep into the ship was as good as the first. Planning  to see just how deep I can go. Curious to see how much man the ship can handle on Thursday.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,9/28/2011,71,190,2,5,3>Amazing tacos that are very reasonably priced!  It's a restaurant located inside of a Hispanic grocery store that has tortas, burritos and tacos with different types of meat.  I had chorizo tacos topped with the red salsa from the squeeze bottle - to die for!  The hubs had a torta and topped it with both the red and green salsa.  The ingredients were very fresh and very delicious.  I would highly recommend for an authentic mexican experience.  Ditto the other reviewer, be sure to brush up on your Spanish as you might have to order in Spanish!  We were able to order in english but the hubs has been there and didn't have that luxury.  We've always paid cash in the restaurant and debit card in the grocery side - not sure if they take credit in the restaurant!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,9/27/2011,20,186,,7,2>First things first. The Edelweiss looks like a German version of an Elks Lodge or American Legion hall. If you are looking for upscale dining, don't come here. Now, on to the important stuff. The food is good! We started with a GIANT homemade pretzel with spicy mustard and a cheese dipping sauce. There were four of us at dinner and we still didn't finish it. As far as entrees go, we had a good variety. The schweinebarten (pork shoulder) was very good. The jagerschnitzel was tasty and comes with a nice mushroom gravy. The two winners of the night would be the Kassler Rippchen, a smoked pork chop, and the sauerbarten, a slow roasted beef dish. The chop was enormous, flavorful, and surprisingly tender. The sauerbarten came with an almost fruity gravy with it and it complimented the meat very well. We all ordered half portions (when available) and we all full at the end of the night. We also had a couple of giant (24oz) mugs of Warsteiner, on draft, for 7 bucks each. It is important to note that the Edelweiss is considered a "private club" so a membership is required to order alcohol. We were eating there with a groupon that got us a year membership so I can't tell you what a membership actually costs. We will certainly be going back to the Edelweiss again.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,9/26/2011,89,180,6,11,4>One day, my wife told me she was all but over cutting my hair in the kitchen and that she wanted me to have more hair than a buzz cut. The idea of having to start paying for a hair cut (I'm a cheap cheap S.O.B.) and having to go further than a stool in my kitchen wasn't very appealing. On my wife's recommendation, she suggested Salon Orange Moon and suggested I go to her stylist, Steffanie. That was a little over a year ago. Now, Steffanie is my regular stylist. I book several appointments in advance both because it helps ensure I get a haircut when I want and because I know I have no reason to stop going here. Mens haircuts are about $25 and for that you get:- Consulting if you are unsure how you want it cut- A beverage- Stress relieving treatment (shoulder/neck massage, face massage)- wash and condition- stellar hair cutI would be lying if I said I didn't look forward to having my hair washed here. Now there are probably a lot of guys out there that are thinking "I don't need my hair washed, or my shoulders rubbed. Oh, and a mini facial? please. I am a MAN!" It's cool if you want to think that. Pretty soon you'll get tired of being wrong all the time. I know I did.My hair appointments are one of the few things I actually look forward to and feel is completely worth the money. Steffanie is my stylist because my wife recommended her, but I have heard nothing bad about any of the other stylists and there isn't a single one there that I wouldn't go to if I couldn't go to Steffanie anymore. Parking is street parking on Delaware, but there are usually plenty of open spots on the block. The second best part of going to Salon Orange Moon is grabbing a sandwich at Goose the Market just a few doors down.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,9/25/2011,23,124,2,8,4>Ask a cabbie for a ride to the airport for $10 and he's still laughing when he pulls away."Why?", I asked; "IndyGo does."One can take the Green line from a number of downtown destinations to the airport...and vice versa of course. Cost: $7 per trip. Yes, you heard me. If you live or work downtown, give this service a try. It's MUCH greener & cheaper than overnight parking or cabs. People are usually friendly, & they *DO* accept credit cards on the bus for tickets.Shuttles run about every 20 mins, from about 5 am - 9 pm...so if you're flying or returning home during the day, save some green in your wallet & the planet by going Green to the airport!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,9/24/2011,195,303,3,8,2>Ok, since there are tons of reviews on how excellent the beer is (it's true!), how nice the people are (also true!), and how sweet a deal the Friday growler fills are (one of the happiest pieces of trueness in Indy!), I'm going to review my keg experience with Sun King.  I threw a co-ed baby shower for some very good friends of mine, and the mom-to-be is a great sport, so I wanted to have some delicious beer available for everyone.  The party was around 30-35 people, so after discussing with the helpful staff member, I decided on a 1/6 barrel keg of the Sunlight Cream Ale.  Boy howdy were the guests at the party excited about that!  If you want a crowd pleasing beer, this is the one to go with.  Anyhow, back to the amazing service I received when getting this keg - I gave Sun King no notice that I needed a keg, I just strolled on in during the Friday rush of growler fills and asked for one, and lucky for me, they did have one already filled.  Not counting the deposit on the keg and tap, it was right around $50 for the keg, which had right around 60 pints in it - yes folks, that does work out to $.84 per pint of some of the best beer around. EIGHTY-FOUR CENTS PER PINT!!!  And that's not even for the big keg, which I'm sure works out to be an ever better deal.  Jason B. and I have talked about getting a kegerator just so we can always have delicious Sun King on tap in our house.  The nice man behind the beer counter helped me schlep the keg to the pay counter, where they provided me with the tap and an offer to help me schlep the keg out to my car.  Apparently I was in tough guy mode that day though, and turned down their help.  A word of advice when the parking sucks - if you have to carry a keg WAY across the parking lot to get to your car, accept the kindly offered help and don't think of it as a blow to your (read: my) already over inflated ego.I also went recently for the tapping party for the beer they made in collaboration with Three Floyds - to those of you who got there too late to try it, I'm so sorry because man was that a good brew.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,9/23/2011,43,25,3,6,3>My stomach asks for this sushi every week, sometimes more often. It's hard to find excellent sushi in Indy, but this is a must try for those who haven't.First off, if you head there anywhere from Wednesday through Saturday between 6pm and 8pm, be prepared to wait...a while. Be sure to get a beer or sake while you're waiting. They won't ask you if you want anything so just be forward with the hostesses. That pretty much goes for the service overall here. You don't go for the friendly service (although there is one waitress who knows us all by name since we're such regulars, and she always treats us great). You go for the sushi.Softshell crab roll, Bob's roll, and Mix Florida roll are all necessary to try. I swear they put crack in their rolls. Need. More. Now! Oh, and be sure to get the salad with miso dressing...it's free, as is basic green tea.Speaking of pricing, it's very reasonable as places go here. I love Forty Five Degrees, but it's pricier, and places like Sushi on the Rocks, H2O and others overcharge for smaller rolls. This place is the place for good quality, no nonsense sushi.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,9/22/2011,122,38,2,2,2>I'm a huge fan of the 100 Acres.  Loved the trails and the various art pieces placed throughout.  Kind of felt like I was 12 again back in Ohio trudging through the woods knowing Mom would yell at me with all the mud on my shoes before I came in the house.  Great place to take a camera and get some good nature shots.  Plus it's relaxing and refreshing.  Can't wait to actually go inside the Museum.  Might have to add a star once I get inside or go to an outdoor movie.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,9/21/2011,57,115,,5,3>I returned to this town's best-and-only vegan comfort joint with a devastatingly, monstrously hot date. I finally got the deep dish with teese cheese, garlic, kalamatas and spinach. It is a LOT of pizza. I could only finish two slices and I was very hungry. I think it's my favorite yet. The server was really sweet as usual. She complimented my hair, wrote us notes on our pizza boxes and otherwise went out of her way to engage us. I love you, WB.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,9/20/2011,150,96,4,5,6>Took my first trip to the dougout with a few fellow yelpers the other night. Not much to look at but man this pizza is pretty great. We got the deluxe with jalapenos included. All the toppings sit atop a thin crust that is covered in delicious sauce. The toppings are then covered with a blanket of cheese. The cheese is nicely browned as well. Really this is the kind of pizza I am all about. Top it off with a bucket of PBR after a trip to new day meadery and the white rabbit and you are in for a perfect evening. Kitchen is open during the week till 10. Make your way there and try it out for yourself.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,9/19/2011,30,79,1,5,1>I give this place 5 stars for giving a great experience despite a less-than-ideal situation.My boyfriend and I went here during Chow Down Midtown, excited to try it for the first time. There was a 20 minute wait for a table for two, so the host directed us to either of the restaurant's two bars while we waited. The closer one was more of a wine bar, and when we asked the harried bartender for a few beers, she very nicely told us we'd get faster service at the other bar because she was pretty tied up. We went to the other bar  and got a couple of ambers, and a free taste of another, within a minute or two. When we got our table, our waitress informed us that they were out of all the sides for the Chow Down Midtown menu. At first we misunderstood and thought they were out of almost all food. We thought about just leaving, but the bartender we had spoken with earlier appeared and turned out to be the manager. She graciously apologized that they had run out of the "fixins" for the special and offered us a free appetizer or dessert for our trouble. More than quelled, we decided to stay. And what a good call! We ordered the steak and the salmon, with onion rings, sweet potato fries, mashed potatoes and mixed veggies. Everything was absolutely delicious. I'm a salmon stickler, and this was about the best I've had in town. I'm not a big steak person but my boyfriend had to defend his plate! We didn't forget about dessert though! The chocolate molten cake was also heavenly. Around that time, the owner stopped by and asked how we were doing, and we happily replied, "great!" We were really impressed by the experience we had at Fire by the Monon and are looking forward to returning when things aren't so hectic!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,9/18/2011,44,266,,4,2>I will definitely be returning to try some other menu items. On this, my first visit, I was very impressed. There were a lot of little things that made the experience great for me. One is that you get your own water from some pitchers infused with lemon, orange and grapfruit. It tastes so refreshing and I drink so much water that there is never any way a server can keep up with me. Also at this little station is Sriracha hot sauce which is a favorite of mine (to put it extremely mildly). Out food came out really fast. Me and the bf got an omelette with goat cheese, spinach, and tomatoes as well as the southwest burrito. We had pretty different opinions about both dishes. I thought that the omelette was fantastic but I am a sucker for goat cheese. The bf just thought it was ok and really was put off by how smooth the egg was and thought that it had no taste. We agreed that the potatoes that came with the omelette are the best side of diced potatoes we have ever had. They had some sort of herb on them and they were cooked perfectly. Both of us didn't like the cheddar biscuit at all. It was hard and dry. I really really liked the burrito. It had a little spice and black beans, avocado and egg. The tortilla was very well done too. The bf didn't like it very much though and said it was too spicy and didn't have any other flavor. I would definitely give this place five stars for everything but food. But the food was more of 4-star worthy and also I try not to give 5 stars unless I have been to a place more than once. So maybe 5 stars next time!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,9/17/2011,66,229,3,2,4>Update to give props to the long term parking attendants who will come give your dead car a jump with the quickness and without complaint. Thanks parking lot man!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,9/16/2011,69,61,2,3,2>Okay, so it's attached to a gas station. And the parking, especially at lunchtime, is a total pain in the a$&. But get over yourself and go to Maxine's. Seriously. You don't have to like waffles, or chicken, or chicken AND waffles, you just have to like to eat. Period. There's plenty on the menu to choose from that isn't waffle or chicken related, and the portions are huge. My mom ordered a chicken salad sandwich and could only get through half of it. I ordered a waffle with two eggs and sausage and was unable to finish mine, as well. The kids menu has pretty much anything and everything that kids like, which is a BIG plus.  I know I'll be coming back it's just a matter of being hungry enough to finish it all!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/23/2011,9/15/2011,42,284,,4,2>I would recommend The Journey for lunch ($8.50 weekdays, $11 weekends), but it is a bit pricey for dinner at $20, even for a buffet. I would give it 2.5 stars. It is packed on weekends for dinner, so I avoid it then in particular. The first couple of times I went I was a huge fan, but I've been several times now in the last couple years and the quality seems to have gone down. Also, I've realized that I would rather have a smaller amount of quality food than a large amount of okay food, which is basically what The Journey is. There is usually one or two things that I really enjoy (including the ice cream), but I feel like it's a bit overrated. Although it is better than the very similar new Zhu Lan in Carmel, I don't go out of my way to go here anymore.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,9/14/2011,91,218,1,7,4>Adore this zoo!  It's not a huge zoo but the staff make up for it with their animal talks throughout the day.  Memorable hands on encounters with an elephant and sharks will surely make your day.   The dolphin show is a must see as well.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2011,9/13/2011,153,144,,6,2>I love the fact that this is not a chain restaurant and it is doing so well. The reason I am not giving it a higher rating is because I have had some sub-par experiences. The first time we went for a meal we hung out in the bar. It was not a busy day and the service was really bad. We had to go up to the bar and order our drinks after 10 minutes of waiting and watching 3 servers chat amongst each other. Food was not very good at this visit. (it was a 1 star visit for sure) that was about 9 months ago. I am so happy to report that things have changed a lot since that first visit.I have met friends here for girls night 3 times since that first experience and the service has been great. The live music is pretty good and Fat Tire bier on draft makes me happy. The food is a step up from bar food, nothing fancy but I am not looking for fancy at a local pub. I have had to send food back for being prepared wrong, but the serves and owner went out of the way to make it right.Like most people I am looking for a friendly environment close to home with good cold bier and decent eats at an affordable price. Georges meets all the above. Looking forward to spending some more time and giving an updated rating!!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,9/12/2011,39,106,,3,2>The Chatterbox is one of the best little jazz clubs around. We are so lucky to have live jazz available 7 days a week. If you are visiting Indy, this is a place you must put on your itinerary!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2011,9/11/2011,28,156,3,2,>Close enough to walk to (on a nice day), I wanted to like it more.  The food was good, but not awesome but I would probably come back again for either breakfast or to try their lunches.  I had read some reviews about slow service and preferential treatment to regulars, and even though it did happen to us, we were in no hurry (I guess wiping down empty tables in a nearly empty cafe and writing the lunch specials on the chalkboard might be more important than seating waiting customers at 930 on a Tues morning...). The cornflake crusted french toast was just not as good as I was expecting--too sweet for my taste and kinda flattened. The Lauren breakfast sandwich was solid and satisfying with the avocados and jack cheese, but again, not spectacular. Maybe I shoulda gotten the additional cajun ketchup?  Prices are reasonable. I guess I can see why it's a popular spot.  And I have to say that the art on the walls was quite...interesting.  I probably didn't have quite the reaction to it that one other reviewer had, but really, it did look like kindergarten craft-time work.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,9/10/2011,25,218,,4,1>Let's face it - there's not a whole lot of good sushi on the west side of Indianapolis. Ginza on W 38th St used to be the only real choice. Fortunately, the owners of Ginza saw that Avon was lacking in this genre and decided to open up Hirosaki. Excellent sushi rolls and fantastic shrimp shumai at pretty decent prices. Service can be a little hit-or-miss but the food helps us forgive/forget an occasional misstep. When we don't want to drive a half hour up to Ocean World on W 86th St, this is where we go for sushi.If you aren't a sushi fan (or are going out with non-sushi eaters), Hirosaki also has a ton of hibachi grills where the chefs will entertain you while they cook your food. We've thrown a medium-sized party in one of their private rooms and everyone had a great time.  The hibachi options are quite tasty and the portions are very plentiful.  Try the scallops ... while I can't vouch for them personally due to allergy, everyone I've seen order them absolutely loves them.Sushi recommendations:  Shrimp Lover's Roll (our favorite!), Boston Roll,  Rainbow Roll, Smoked Salmon Nigiri.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,9/9/2011,26,62,1,1,4>You know when you forget about one of your favorite bands...and then you are reminded by something..you say to yourself...I forgot about them!!!..how could I do that!!.. It's the same with Brugge..I sometimes forget how much I love them..then I go there and say..I will not forget anymore! I think I should come here once a week! Then I forget again..I love beer..I love pomme frites..I will put a post it on my bathroom mirror to remind myself
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,9/8/2011,109,103,1,8,4>My earlier review for The Legend was pretty brief, and since it now wears the crown as my absolute favorite restaurant I felt compelled to over ride my earlier lameish review. This little gem is owned by a husband and wife team that  absolutely pour their hearts & souls into it every day of the week. The restaurant consists of 3 areas, the first is the bar (micro beers & wine only) with cozy booths, next the dinning room w/ white linen table cloths, multiple Art Deco chandeliers, and Mason/Frank Lloyde Wrightish   decorative touches through out. The third area is a covered patio that is a joy to linger over one of The Legends delicious specials in.My current favorite on the menu is the Beef Marsala, and the home made mac & cheese. My Hubbie loves the Meatloaf & the grilled pork. They have 4 or 5 seasonal specials everyday. They have a kitchen garden in the back and cook with herbs & tomatoes harvested mere minuets before they are cooked, while Indiana's weather allows. There's usually a daily special cobbler, cookie , and flavor of ice cream for desert. This place is just AWESOME!  I can't begin to say enough good things about it.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/28/2010,9/7/2011,388,59,8,16,5>Occupying a former Pizza Hut along a less than attractive stretch of East Washington St., DePalma's is a by-the-numbers (wall painting of Italy? check. mid-century crooners on the stereo? check.) family dining joint featuring solid Italian fare. They did a great job churching up the former chain restaurant and the service and presentation are good. I liked the fact that bread isn't served as part of the meal - it's cheap filler and you leave the table feeling less burdened. I had spaghetti and meatballs and a bit of someone else's fettucine carbonara; both were good. The spaghetti comes with a too-heavy but delicious tomato gravy and the meat balls were perfectly seasoned and cooked. The fettucine carbonara was subtle, and while neither dish is going to wow food snobs both are better than what you're likely to find at a TGI McFunster's & Co.It warms the cockles of my heart to see a local family breathe life into a building abandoned by a chain and DePalma's is a great local alternative to the Olive Gardens of the world.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,9/6/2011,79,383,5,4,2>Outstanding food...exceedingly helpful server that helped us order items that were not designed for the american midwest palate.  Probably the best thing we had was the tofu and pickled egg...ask for extra sauce...the subtle nuances of flavor and texture were superb and interesting.  Everything else we had was excellent...for my palate...spicey items were not terribly spicey...i would up the heat index..and will request next time.The only complaint..and one that is applicable at many restaurants...is this...if the restaurant is empty...don't sit the overfed midwesterners at the booth connected to our booth...maybe some space is a good idea..and to those of you sharing booths...remember....there is someone on the other side of the damn booth that may not appreciate you constantly moving your 350 pounds around...and banging the back of the booth.So there !
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,9/5/2011,68,197,13,15,10>This place is amazing.  Amazing is such a cliche word, but Yelp doesn't have a thesaurus.  My husband dragged me here against my will a few weeks ago on a Saturday afternoon.  It was a complete surprise until we pulled into the parking lot.  He didn't even put the name into the GPS, he just put "Surprise.""You are now arriving at SUPRISE on right."... and what a surprise it was.  He even ordered for me, which he saw as romantic.  Coupled with not being able to pick the restaurant, I saw it as totally controlling."Two Dolsoet Babeem Bop, please."Before our Mmmm Bop arrived, they placed 10 tiny dishes of crazy looking stuff on the table.  I've since learned these are condiments called banchan and they consist of kimchee (which we all know about thanks to the Food Network) and a bunch of other stuff we don't know about.  It's all delicious and it all brings a different flavor to the mouth. I tried the pickled garlic and jalapeno. SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!  These are so good.  Our Unskinny Bop arrived - SIZZLING.   Yes, I said it.  Sizzling.  There's a fried egg on top and you have to stir it and stir it and stir it until you end up with a big hot bowl of the most delicious fried rice stuff, EVER.  It's warm and flavorful.  The rice that sits on the bottom gets kind of crispy.  Coupled with the cool banchan dishes, you get a variety of flavors, textures and hot/cold.The gentleman working the dining room was so nice, helpful and attentive.  I see reviews discussing bad service, but I had no complaints on this Saturday afternoon.As a matter of fact, two or three Saturdays later I was CRAVING a trip to Ma Ma's for more tasty goodness.  This time, I told my husband that I was getting whatever I wanted.  The same man was in the dining room and he remembered us.  LOVE THAT.  We had a third diner with us and, would you believe, that Mr. Controlling made is OWN BROTHER get the She Bop?  Good thing it's delicious. Mushroom Tempura starter?  Sure, I'll have that.  Light.  Crispy.  Hot.  Mushroomy.  Perfect.  I also had the Chicken Saute with is sliced chicken, vegetables and a spicy red sauce in a stir-fry like atmosphere.  It was delicious and flavorful, but with a good amount of heat.  I love hot food that tastes amazing.  I hate hot food that just tastes like hot.  Chicken Saute All The Way!!       Guess what?  I'm going back on Saturday and taking two friends!   P.S. We've never had the Korean BBQ, so I can't comment on it.  I just don't think that is ever going to be something I try.  I mean, it's BBQ.  I can marinate meat and throw it on the grill as well as the next guy.  I'm going to continue to come to Ma Ma's for the creative, flavorful and authentic Korean dishes. At last I think they're authentic.  I guess I don't really know.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,9/4/2011,42,100,1,3,2>Ever sitting in your office cube and thinking to yourself, "If I don't get out of here in the next 5 minutes, I might punch someone in the face?"  I am very lucky to say that Soho is my escape in these moments.Great spot with free wi-fi (look for the wireless password on your receipt), relaxing atmosphere, and quick bites.  They have a small menu which changes daily including some soups and salads (with veg options) and then a spread of bagels, pastries, and the like.  I've tried the smoothies, which are okay-ish.  What's really great is the coffee!  They use one of the top independent growers in the country (Conscious Coffee).More than a couple times I've been there they were out of coffee (?), so I'm thinking that the staff needs to find the routines and methods that work best for them since they are pretty new and just getting into the swing of things.Accessible from the Monon as well with outdoor seating which is a nice touch.  Check in on your smartphones - Mayors (and hopefully Dukes/Duchesses from Yelp's app if you are reading this SoHo!!) can get $1.00 coffee!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,9/3/2011,15,280,6,9,7>There aren't enough good things I can say about this fabulous little dive on the east side of downtown Indy. Although Talbott Street is more well-known, Zonie's has somehow flawlessly combined the glitziness of drag shows with the coziness of a neighborhood hole-in-the-wall. I guess I better start at the beginning.I called there a couple weeks ago to make reservations for a rather large bachelorette party (20 people). Zonie herself answered the phone and was extremely helpful and friendly and promised a table right up front.Everything was in order for us when we walked in around 10:00 (shows start at 10:30 on Saturdays). The friendly lady with the Elvis hair and tie-dyed blazer greeted us at the door to check IDs and get the $3 cover charge. Miss Britney Taylor, one of the performers, was sitting at the bar and asked if I was the bride. I pointed her out to both Britney and Kristi (the DJ), who also asked about her. I figured they had a little something planned for her since it was her party and all.A little something doesn't even cover it! Britney came out in a bridal getup and performed a couple wedding-related numbers, Kristi interacted with our group all night from her place in the DJ booth, and Scotty Too Hottie came out and gave our friend a fun little personal dance. All of us, especially the bride, felt like royalty by the end of the night.And wow, did these girls and guys give it all they had. Each of them performed four or five sets (I lost track), all different and all entertaining. There was were two drag queens (the afore-mentioned Britney and also Ginger Ale), a drag king (Mr. Colton Parker), a male dancer (Scotty) and the outrageously androgynous Khaos van Ryan. A couple of personal favorites included Britney doing Pink's "Dirty Little Freaks," Ginger's rendition of "His Eye is on the Sparrow" (yes, really) and Khaos' punk and Silly String interpretation of Kesha's "Blow." We hung around afterwards, taking pictures and talking with the performers, who were all so nice.Oh, and mad props go to the bartenders too, who got drinks out fast, strong and cheaply. They were workin' it just as much as the ladies on stage.Yeah, this is pretty much the longest review ever, but we all had such a blast and felt so welcomed at Zonie's Closet.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,9/2/2011,3,32,1,7,1>We went here pre-opening. Great atmosphere.  It's one of those places where you buy a card and then self-serve your wine from machines (or you can buy a bottle-very flexible). Their selection is very nice and prices are varied making it possible to find something at all budget ranges. Really nice menu and service was great but not intrusive. They have both outside and inside sitting options. Chef/owner was friendly and creative. Venue is small so get there early - it's going to be popular.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,9/1/2011,42,28,,5,2>We have only ever gotten sushi here, not hibachi.  The sushi is really tasty and fresh, and the "volcano" drink for two is pure tiki kitsch heaven!  (complete with flaming volcano!)  The decor is a little older feeling compared to some of the sleek new sushi places, but as one of the other reviewers mentioned, there is a pond inside that has a fountain and HUGE goldfish!  I really like the pond and the fountain; it is fun to watch the fish while you are eating!  (Eating... fish... whoops) The staff are also very friendly, and the sushi rolls are fairly creative compared to the standard rolls you find at a lot of other places.  If you are looking for an upscale, trendy sushi place, this is not it.  But if you are looking for a fun place to get great sushi at a reasonable price and non-pretentious atmosphere, this is a wonderful place to go.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,8/31/2011,16,38,3,2,3>Great idea and kudos to whoever thought of it!I'm not a beer drinker so I was a bit nervous to try out the new tap room.  They did have a small wine selection which made me very happy!You miss the hussle and bussle and Meridian St but still have a cool place to hang out.Staff was very helpful and took time to explain all the different tap options.Try it out, it's something different...
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,8/30/2011,60,113,2,5,2>I've known about cityoga for a while, but since my gym offered yoga classes regularly enough for me, I didn't think it was worth it to pay more for additional access to yoga. Recently though, livingsocial offered a deal to try it out (6 classes for $25) and so a few friends and I decided to give it a go. I am SO amazed at how different the experience was at Cityoga. The place feels calming from the minute you walk and the teachers and classes are nothing short of bliss-inducing. I tried hot yoga for the first time and I am totally converted. So much so that I went ahead and bought the 20 class package. While yoga at the gym was fantastic and energizing, yoga at Cityoga was pure joy. And it was a *workout.*  I consider myself fairly fit and in very good shape (I work out several times a week, mixing long runs/short runs/weight training/pilates) but I was sore for two days following my first hot yoga class...and I loved it. The place is wonderful...and I love their online class sign-up system. Very efficient!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,8/29/2011,63,195,3,4,4>I went with my son and mother to swim during one of the beastly hot summer days this year and it was worth the $5 I paid to get in. The kids' pool is pretty big and has a small slide and rainfall area. There's a huge pool for all ages with a few swim lanes and a water slide. There's a also a rock climbing wall next to the water. They have a large splash pad behind the the kids pool that seemed like fun. One thing that surprised me is they have diving boards! I worked in insurance for a while so I know how costly those things are to insure in public areas - I am so surprised they still have them up! Lots of kids were having a great time throwing themselves off the platforms. They do "adult swim" (I'm guessing here) once an hour...? It brought me back to the 80s - my mom brought my brother and I to a public pool and oh how we hated the adult swim time because we'd have to sit on the edge of the pool and wait through the agonizing 15 minutes. I was happy to jump right in this time and take advantage of the kid free pool. If only spandau ballet or simply red was playing, it would have been perfect.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,8/28/2011,12,48,8,3,1>Tomo spelled backwards is Omot....I kinda like that.  So in honor of Omot let's do a little reverse engineering. The end of another satisfying meal is met with the pleasant,simple presentation of after dinner orange slices.Sharing four rolls was the way to go.  Could I have eaten more...yeah I probably could have eaten 14 more rolls.  But after four I feel good and guilt free.I keep finding these crunchy rice crispy bits in my sushi.  I've never had anything like this...airy and delightful taking the food to another level.The Volcano roll is one of my favorites and is often key to how I judge my sushi bar.  Tomo does it like no other.  It looks like someone just dumped  2 quarts of this orange crab concoction onto some circularly arranged rolls.  Hell yes!  Our sushi is presented on a simple white plate except for the Volcano roll which comes on its own flame engulfed plate with Japanese curse words written on the plate with saracha.  The miso is great here.  It's so salty I can feel my fingers swelling as finish the last bits of tofu.  The salad that comes with meal is iceberg lettuce with a ginger dressing.  And Im okay with that......every meal doesn't have to be micro-greens.  Iceberg lettuce has a time and place.  Plus with the polar ice caps melting its gonna get harder and harder to find.  So eat up.Our waitress is super bummed out.  She got dumped.  Or just got her first Morrisey CD.  Or hates her job.  I don't really care.  I'm not here for fake smiles.  Just bring the food and the check in a timely manner and you will get 20% guaranteed.As we enter the restaurant, I'm always pleasantly surprised by lounge like atmosphere.  It is a black, low lit environment with touches of modern interior design....not exactly a reflection of exterior.Let's go to TOMO!!!!!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,8/27/2011,33,7,4,12,5>Al-Basha. Hidden (literally) gem of Fishers, IN. I'm south of it, so I always turn on Easy Street and Allisonville Rd, hooking around the left when I go behind the first row of strip malls, to journey into the back. It's adjacent to India Sizzling (good food!) as well.I don't even know how I found the place originally. I had gone to Bombay Bazaar for some masalas and what not and mentioned glancing at the 'AL-BASHA' sign between two buildings on the way up. The proprietor went, "Pfah! GYROS!" and I put it from my mind; filing it for later use.I am a huge fan of the cuisine of North Africa, the Levant, the Near East, and the Middle East. I had heard that the place was a grocery store, so I went with that in mind, hoping to score some pita.Ladies and gentlemen, they make their pita bread fresh every day and it really shows.When I first went to the place, it was just two rooms. One side restaurant; one side grocery. Now, it seems they've added a hookah bar and a new room.Item the First: GroceryIf you're looking for specific Middle Eastern cheeses, exotic spams, THE BEST PICKLES EVER, kegs of olive oil, date cookies (mamouls), tahini, teas, coffee, spices, etc. Their prices on spices are great, a large container of cumin for around 5 bucks. You can't beat that. If you ever need spices, I've always recommended to my friends to go to ethnic groceries, because people actually USE the spices often. The price will reflect that, and not the thimble full of coriander powder for 16.00 at the local Korger.Item the Second: RestaurantNot only is everything really cheap and reasonable, but the the presentation is great. I love getting hummus there, because I'll see the delicious moat of olive oil surrounding the center ramparts of some whole garbanzo beans. The lamb/beef domathes (stuffed grape leaves) are orgasmic, and the sandwiches are not only gigantic, but full of flavor. I've ordered pretty much everything on the menu, and I've never been disappointed.VIGNETTE:I took some friends there, and I ordered a beef shwarma. I asked for some hot sauce on the side. Our waiter said, "The chef can make it spicy for you. How spicy do you want it?"I said, "As spicy as you can make it, without destroying the flavor."Waiter said, "We can do that." and vanished into the back. Minutes later, I heard this come from the kitchen."MWUAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"It was the best thing ever. I totally wasn't expecting it, but it was hilarious. I thought that this shwarma was going to come out exactly as I wanted it. The waiter came out and warned me that it was really hot, and then waited to see me take the first bite.The flavor of the shwarma was preserved, and my mouth was lit on fire. My eyes were tearing, and I was sweating... and smiling throughout the whole thing. Truly, an unparalleled experience! Delicious!BACK TO REVIEWI also wanted to point out that there seems to be an ever revolving stable of college kids who are hired to wait at the restaurant. I've never had a bad experience with them, but I see that others have had some different experiences.Item the Third: Hookah Bar/Buffet/Party Room/RestaurantThis area is still new to me. I know you can rent it out for catered functions, but you can also go in there to smoke some shisha. I can't remember if they ever have a buffet here or not, so please don't quote me on that. I got a hookah here once, and it burned well and tasted great. I believe the flavor we got was some sort of tropical thing!Hopefully, this helps. I would live here, if I could. It's not often that you encounter a place that is easy on the wallet, flavorful and filling. The grocery store is a must for anyone interested in Mid Eastern cooking. Mario is the gregarious heart and soul of Al-Basha, and a pleasure to speak to.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,8/26/2011,187,120,,7,2>My family and I came here for my dad's birthday. We loved it!! The building is nothing special but that is not what we came for. The food IS special. The food is great and comes in huge portions! The plantains are wonderful as well as the jerk chicken. The owner come out many times to make sure we were enjoying our food. He was so pleasant and you could tell that he really cared about his food. The price is good for the amount of food you receive. They no longer accept restaurant .com coupons but don't worry it is a great value! We will defiantly be making another trip back!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,8/24/2011,122,723,3,4,4>To start: I have never been to California or Japan, much less had sushi there. So, I likely don't know what "the real thing" is. But of the places HERE, Oishi is my favorite and LUCKY ME! it's only 5 minutes from home. It was built as a Ponderosa, and you can tell from the outside. On the inside though, it has really great decor and even tatami tables (sit on floor with shoes off in little rooms). MANY reviewers talk about this location like it's in one of the city's worst 'hoods, which just isn't true. It's on the far east side...not a wealthy area, but it certainly isn't dangerous or gross. It's an old suburb...you know...what Fishers will look like in 35 years or so. As a side note, the only time I've gotten food poisoning in the Indianapolis area, it was a restaurant in Carmel. Oishi isn't in a trendy neighborhood and it isn't someplace to "be seen"...it's someplace to eat really good food!What I like best about this restaurant, other than the sushi, is how spacious it is. At Sakura, I feel like I'm dining in cattle chutes! It is so cramped. Oishi has high ceilings and there is plenty of space between you and the other diners. You can talk to your companions without yelling because it's quiet. The service is also very attentive, and there is a nice flow to the meal. I was beyond impressed when I ordered 2 rolls and said "no cucumber" for one of them. The other roll evidently had cucumber; I hadn't noticed, but the chef did. He sent the server back to the table to see if I wanted BOTH rolls without cucumber, which I did. There are so few places with enough attention to detail to do something like this. We ordered a fried tofu appetizer (yum!) and a sake flight to start. I'm glad they offer a flight because some kinds of sake can be a little overwhelming, and it's nice to try small amounts to find out what you like prior to committing to an entire bottle. For my meal I chose eel nigiri (broiled eel on top of rice), a philly roll (I can't help it-I love cream cheese and salmon together!) and a Rock N Roll (eel, salmon, avocado inside, spicy tuna on top). We also had some sashimi (sliced fish, no rice). All were very fresh. The rolls were rolled and sliced into appropriately sized bites. It's annoying when a roll is too big in diameter or too fat of a slice to get into your mouth in one bite. Ungraceful to eat and it usually falls apart! Worth mentioning is that the chef had cleaned his hands before making the roll. I don't like wasabi, and when it ends up in the sushi because the chef had some on his hands, I'm not a fan. This doesn't happen at Oishi. If you don't like sushi and the very thought of seafood grosses you out, there are still many options, including fried rice. There are chicken, pork, and beef dishes, and even something that's remarkably similar to a fried pork tenderloin. See their menu online at indyoishi.com.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,8/23/2011,20,42,4,6,5>Libby (first reviewer) is right on the money with Barringers.  The outside sign may say 'beer lunch', but you really want to save room for the food.Their burger is one of the best in the city. Right up there w my big boy favs Capital Grill, Mortons, McCormicks and 14 West (yes, be surprised, 14 West has an awesome badass burger on its lunch menu!)  Mind you, this is not your thin Workingman's patty. Nor is it a sloppy Five Guys/Boogie Burger/96th St relative. It is one hefty, juicy, flavorful chargrilled (to order), pulsating thing of beauty.  Bacon, onions, mushrooms, cheese et al, are all superfluous-- I urge you to at least once consider taking it in its glorious naked form to truly appreciate the quality of what it is and really taste the meat.   You'll want to take half home to your momma. but then gluttony rudely takes charge and before you know it your empty plate is staring forlornly back at you.Good quality bun that perfectly holds the hero..  good creamy coleslaw... The tenderloin and Friday fried fish special w mac n cheese (not chips) are my other two favorite/standby menu items there-- you know, on bad cholesterol day. Service is super friendly and competent but do call in your order ahead if you are under any kind of a time constraint because their food cant be rushed.  Will take at least 15 minutes during slow times-- and that only if you are lucky-- for the kitchen to get it out to you.Yeah this place aint 'hip'... but it's got a great patina and old guard character all its own that you can only love and respect.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,8/22/2011,159,60,,4,3>This is a true gem in the City Market downtown. There are many different combos that are already up on the board, but I am sure you can build your own. For people looking for meatless options, this is a great choice...I recommend the Market St. or the Green Goddess.The ladies behind the counter are top-notch and the coffee is delicious. Do yourself a favor and go get yourself a bunch of goodies wrapped in a pancake....you won't be sorry.Parking an issue? Ride a bike and lock it up outside the door, literally 50 yards from the counter.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,8/21/2011,23,52,4,5,3>I've heard grumblings about 3 sisters, and although I came here several years ago and wasn't so impressed, the last few times I've been here have been really good.  I wrote the first part of this as I waited for a table... the food was good, but I have noticed that if a certain lady isn't your server (she usually is our server) it can be really really slow.  I think we waited well over half an hour on a Saturday at 4pm.  Now, to be fair, there were three tables in our area that had just gotten seated as we sat down, a table of three and a table of four.  So... that could be why it took so long.  But.  I am patient, especially if the server checks in to make sure everything while waiting is ok.  Which this server did not.  I never got a refill on my water, and while I could have yelled at her that I wanted more water, I just wasn't feeling great and didn't feel like being assertive. Anyway, a simple "I know it's taking a while, but blah blah blah, sorry"  would've made me feel a whole lot better.  That being said, the food was great. I usually get the Gretchen, a breakfast sandwich with egg and bacon... it's quite tasty.  My companion got a breakfast burrito which the server described as "massive".  Um,  and yes.  It was massive.  He was quite pleased.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,8/20/2011,57,152,3,6,6>YES! Yes Yes Yes! Flat12 Bierwerks is for real. I went in last weekend for their "Flat12 Hammerfest," a cycling spin class (bring everything yourself, bike, trainer, towel, etc.) and they played music while Matt made us work up a sweat. After the one hour class, we had a private tasting and even got to tour the brewhouse. What a sweet operation! I get the overwhelming sense that this is an awesome group of a few owners of this place with an awesome story in a cool part of town (which we learned all about on the tour!) who are simply living out their dream. Now, fortunately for you and me, the fruits of their labours are some super good beer! I'd recommend trying each and every one of them. The half cycle IPA is my favorite, with a nice clear taste and not an overwhelming amount of hops that can sometimes seem to stick your tongue to the back of your throat. It's just good, good beer. They have some seriously big and glorious plans for this place, and I am MORE than happy to keep showing up and drinking their beer in order to support them! All of this and I forgot to mention just how damn nice everybody is there. Everybody who works at Flat12 is a superstar, and I can't wait to finish the few growlers I have in my fridge right now so I can make another trip back!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,8/18/2011,34,107,3,3,3>I was really surprised with Thai Spice. This place is great! Probably the best Thai in Indianapolis. The service can be so-so when they are busy and most of the waitresses speak broken english to begin with, but the food! Oh, the food is great! Started off with the vegetarian lemon grass soup (super spicy but super good after you get into it), then some spring rolls (freshly made), on to the entree of my fried salmon with sweet and sour sauce (AMAZING - People kill for less), and finished it off with fried bananas and mango ice cream (rich and pleasant finish). Needless to say I left this place super satisfied. BTW- Check out their bathrooms. Their sinks are awesome!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,8/17/2011,185,178,11,4,8>Sonnet for Peppy Grill, "How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.".One, for thou being in the finest location in Indianapolis, that being Fountain Square.Two, for thou being open 24 hours, 7 days a week. Three, for thine menu that can satisfy any intoxicated or sober soul that desires delicious diner fare. Four, for thine Western Omelet and thine sour cream fries and thine Patty Melt all of which bring tears of joy to this humble reviewer. Five, for thine mysterious black potion labeled as 'coffee' that has perplexed many and caused multitudes of arguments as to whether it is great or horrible. Six, for thine sacred jukebox filled with lovely ballads of old and new.  Music to eat and rejoice by. Amen.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,8/16/2011,69,64,2,3,2>After finishing my meal at Abyssinia, I sit here thinking to myself and wondering why I have never tried Ethiopian food before. I must say it was quite the experience. I live up on the North Side around 116th & Ditch road and it's a bit of a hike to get down there, but today I said what the heck and headed down to the little strip mall that houses Abyssinia and several other worth while "joints" as well! Having never done this I wanted to read up on it a little which actually helped me and I knew what to expect at least as far as tradition went. I chose the spicy lentil pouch to begin. Similar to a beef patty but triangular and stuffed with spicy lentils. This was awesome and piping hot! Then I got a recommendation from the server and ordered the sampler platter. This says, on the menu, that it comes with beef chicken and spinach in various ways of preparation. It sounded very good. Because I've never eaten goat and was a little apprehensive I wanted to stay away from it my first time out. When my order came out it had.... Well..... I really had no idea what it had!!! The dish came served on injera with rolls of Injera on the side. Injera is a very spongy almost rubbery flat bead that has little holes in it like an English Crumpet. The trick is to rip off a piece and scoop up whatever it is you've been eyeing on the dish! This was fun for me because I started to have wondrous flashbacks of all the times my mother would yell at me to get my hands out of the food and here I was digging, scooping and squeezing my way through an absolute heavenly plethora of spices, flavors and self made concoctions from my plate. I was a little afraid to ask what I was eating because it was so good I didn't want to know, YET! Of course I waited till the last piece of injera was gone and tried to eat the flattened out piece on my dish that had been there to form the wonderful spongy cradle soaking up all the flavors. The problem was I was stuffed and couldn't enjoy this last little tidbit. Just for the record, on my plate was some type of curried lamb. I love lamb but this was a little tough ( hence the 4 stars). I feel it could have been cooked to tenderize a little better. Chicken in a dark BBQ looking curry and cumin flavored sauce which was excellent. A sort of creamed but not creamed spinach, if that even makes any sense, at least that's how it tasted. Some curried potatos in the center of the dish several hot spices that I was warned by the server to go easy on (Really not that spicy ) But the best, to my surprise, was the Goat!!! It was extraordinary. So much that I could probably bathe in it. I'm mentally bathing in it right now while  I recount the tender, full of flavor spiced Goat.  Why have I not ever eaten this before. The server was extremely pleasant and attentive and the chef actually came out to my table and asked how I liked everything. I couldn't have like it any more. I will say this, I will come back. I can see me regularly ordering the spiced Goat and indulging with fingers grasping the injera to cradle the love on that plate.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,8/15/2011,50,97,9,8,6>The first time I left La Parada I was pissed. Fuming with the rage of a thousand betrayals. Why? Because every other Mexican restaurant I had ever eaten at had been a lie. A despicable half-assed lie.La Parada is the Truth. I had no idea Mexican food could be this good, this complex. and I loved Mexican food before I found La Parada (who doesn't?). Everything on the menu is unbelievable, but my favorite is the birria.- La Parada has a lot of phenomenal stews and soups that will likely be ignored by most patrons simply because they are listed on the back of the menu at the very bottom, but beware the menudo! This dish is not for the faint of heart or weak of stomach.La Parada also serves one of the greatest Mexican beers: Carta Blanca. In addition to all the fabulous beers, La Parada also serves a variety of Mexican sodas- in glass bottle- including Coke.The best part, however, might be the staff. The people that work here are happy to see you as soon as you walk in the door.- They are genuinely happy to see you regardless of whether you are a new customer or a regular. They are great people, and they truly care about what they do.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/7/2010,8/14/2011,69,176,2,2,2>If we weren't going to meet some friends, I would normally have never picked this place.  Glad we tried it. $5 long islands on Friday. It had a funny smell to it. So second drink I went with a sprite and it had the same funny smell. The fried breadsticks(only $4) on the other hand are hot, soft, and yummy! They taste like a delicious puffy doughnut. It comes with cheese and marinara but I wish I had chocolate syrup and powdered sugar! tonight's music was bluegrass. The rumpke band or something like that. I'm not a bluegrass fan but IMO Not too bad at all....actually made me wanna dance/sway with the music. Very upbeat and happy :) the crowd was mostly in jeans, tye-dye, hemp purses, flannels, work boots, hoodies, tennis shoes...I was a little out of place in my huge pink coach purse, ugg boots, and hot pink sweatshirt.....no one seemed to mind though :) everyone is welcome in a bar like this. Pool tables line the back area of the bar.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,8/13/2011,84,58,,8,3>I'm sad I did not find out about this place sooner but you can bet I will be making up for the lost time.  It's quite a small establish but offers incredible service and food.One World Market is a Japanese grocery store with a little side restaurant.  The grocery section consist of several aisles dedicated to ramen, Japanese dried goods, sauce and condiment, Japanese snacks and candy, frozen goods, a few frozen meat items, and a small selection of vegetables.  My favorite part about this grocery store is the refrigerated section of Sushi grade fish and various seafood.  They are not flashed frozen sushi grade like you would find at selected grocery store.  Their sushi grade fish are very fresh and would be great for sushi night at home. One World Market is not like other Asian grocery store because it's clean, the floor is spotless.  All their products are neatly organize and looks very fresh.  I'm always wary about buying frozen products from Asian stores because you cannot tell how long it's been there in some case.  I spotted some thinly sliced pork belly in the frozen section, it looked new so I gave it a try.  Used it later that night in my hot pot and it turned out great as if they sliced it earlier that day.  Though limited, their vegetable selection looked very promising as well, they definitely took the time to discard all the bad parts.  Their side restaurant offer a limited menu but you will find popular rolls such as unagi, shrimp tempura,dragon roll, and etc.  They also have sashimi, noodle soup, and rice entrees.  I was very excited to try their food because it's pretty rare nowadays to find actual Japanese cook/chef preparing your food at a Japanese restaurant. The rice alone was enough to get me hooked, it was so soft, sticky, and warm.  A lot of sushi place slack on the rice thinking we care about what's inside more, WRONG, you need to get EVERYTHING right.  We also ordered the tonkatsu, breaded pork tenderloin, eggs, onions, and a sweet dark sauce.  Most people would be digging into the pork but not I, I went straight for the rice.  We realized we didn't order enough food so I got up and went to the fresh fish section.  I saw fresh octopus earlier so I ask them to thinly slice it for us to eat.  My eating buddy picked out some tilefish for them to bake, that's right they will prepare your fish that you picked out from the grocery section.  I just love everything about this place.  You really get the complete package here, food and service.  The ladies behind the counter are so friendly and sweet.  They always flash a smile and greet us when we walk into the store.  Even though it's a pretty long drive from my hood I will definitely visit them every chance I get.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2011,8/12/2011,38,55,3,2,2>I visited Midtown Grill on a Friday night in March. I was drinking with a friend and neither of us had really "gone out in Broad Ripple on a weekend night," so we started here, probably around 10:30pm.The place was dead. Even the bartenders had this look of "WTF?" I can only assume the start of the NCAA basketball playoffs and the rather chilly temperature kept folks indoors. However, let me go ahead and give you my impression of the people and place.Place: Stylish. It had a really smooth vibe, mostly from the excellent DJ that was spinning tunes (more on this guy later). As you enter, you can either go right or left; right seemed to lead to more of a strictly bar area. We went left. Left was an open floor, obviously for some dancing, and there were tables along the perimeter of the room and a very nice bar along the far wall. The decor was tasteful, and the whole thing had a smooth, stylish feel to it. It did not feel "overly trendy." The bathrooms were easily accessible and neat and clean.People: well, it was dead, but the folks that were there were quite diverse. I saw black, white and Hispanic; I saw old, and young; I saw singles and couples and groups. I even saw one woman at the end of the bar that looked like a meth-head because every time she laughed at her companion's comments, she flashed a mouth full of destroyed teeth.There were definitely some characters there, but overall, I'd say the very small crowd I witnessed was skewing towards an older demographic (30s and 40s). There were two bartenders, and they were both polite and professional. The drinks did not seem priced overly high, but we were in a popular part of town, so the prices reflected that. The DJ (whose name escapes me at the moment) was excellent. He kept spinning great music, and he had some really creative mash-ups. My favorite was when he fused New Shoes' "Baby, I Can't Wait" with Mellencamp's "Jack and Diane" -- Brilliant!Overall, I had an enjoyable time for the hour or so I was there.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,8/11/2011,140,444,4,5,6>Yum....Yum....Yum....I have eaten Thai three times in the last three weeks.  I'm jumping from Thai place to Thai place and while I'm no expert, this was the best pad thai I've had so far! Andddddd, it's only 5 minutes from my new house, so needless to say, I'm am feeling THAI-RIF-IC!!Here is why I really love Thai...the restaurants are NICE... clean, pleasant and surprisingly NOT smelly.  This amazes me since they use SO much spice!  Jasmine Thai has a homey sense about it and for lunch on a Tuesday, it was packed.It was very affordable and fast for take out.  He said 10 minutes but it was less than 5.  I love the spring rolls and the spice was right on. :) I got it mild-medium (really getting outside the spice box in my world) an it was perfection but I do think I could handle medium now...MMMM.Ever since trying it a few weeks ago, I dream of Thai all day and night.  It is a weird sick obsession....and now that it's a mile within my reach, there is no going back.Thank goodness Jasmine Thai doesn't suck!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,8/10/2011,75,276,8,4,6>This is DJ Alley Cat spinnin' all your favorite 60s hits. Next up is a reimagining of the Lovin' Spoonful's classic hit "Summer in the City..."Hot store, Silver in the CityBuying bacon gum and magnets of kittiesNear downtown, the space is itty bittyThat makes it cramped and what a pityAll around, people looking at stuffI see a coffee mug with Crime Dog McGruffBut one side is a different worldYou'll see guys buying jewelry for their girlCome on, come on, the price is rightAnd if you ask nice they'll wrap it up tightAnd now I'm done tryin' to be wittyJust to talk up a store I knowCalled Silver in the CityIt's Silver in the City
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,8/9/2011,180,775,6,5,4>Since moving to Indianapolis from NoCal last summer, I never had a reason to go to an emergency room until today.Early this morning my left arm started to tingle and it felt like something was affecting my nerves or tendons.  Within 2 hours, a lump had appeared and my arm was so tender I could barely move it.  I could feel something right under the skin and before long, a metal object broke through the skin.  WTH?!Since I don't have any tweezers (thank you TSA), I attempted to remove the metal object with pliers (I'm not a queasy girly-girl).  Darn thing wouldn't come out...so I called my doctor and they directed me to go St. Vincent Hospital.Everyone from the intake clerk to my doctor (Robert Walton MD) was very kind and concerned.  I have to admit...seeing a metal object protruding from my forearm made a lot of people curious to come see the spectacle :-)An xray was performed and suddenly people were asking me if I sew.  Haha...anyone who knows me, knows that I don't do anything domestic.  Lo and behold I had a sewing needle imbedded in my forearm.  I suddenly remembered that I had used a sewing needle to drain a blood blister from my foot after doing an 11 mile run on Saturday and realized that I had set the needle down and forgot about it.  Obviously it found its way into my arm.To remove the needle, the good humored ER doctor said:  "I'm going to stick you *intentionally* with a needle to numb the area..." and then said:  "Congratulations!  it's a girl needle."  The only downside to St. Vincent's was the wait time.  I was there for 3 hours to remove a needle...but they seemed to appreciate that they got some levity for the day and didn't have to deal with another person suffering from the flu...or a gunshot victim.As I left the ER...the doctor gave me my xrays...and the rogue needle as a souvenier - haha!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,8/8/2011,149,388,6,15,8>I have taken several weeks to not write this review because of my obvious bias: 1) I'm sending my kid here, and 2) I'm also [censored by my baby mama.] That being said, however, after several weeks of critical thought and analysis, I am now ready to give my full report on why The Orchard School is the finest school in Indianapolis. The primary reason is their core values dictate what they do. Their values reflect a forward thinking learning environment that fosters and celebrates individual achievement and experimental learning in a unique and culturally diverse environment. Uniformity and conformity are not found here. A strict disciplinary approach with rigid structure is not here either. Every student is taught with individual needs addressed, not a curriculum of pass/fail or right/wrong. Instead of telling a student the answer, the teachers teach them HOW to solve the problem, HOW to think through to the answer. Usually, these types of pedagogical approaches are not found until well after post secondary education, yet Orchard is applying these principals early education. The results are impressive. The students show maturity well beyond their years. Their ambitions (along with their achievements) would be impressive for most high school students, much less elementary. For example, I had a third grader telling me about how he just updated his resume, and explained his plans for after he completes his college degree, in addition to what he wants to accomplish along the way. The kid had more in the works in his advanced mind than most adults! But consider this: He is not the only one and far from it. All of these kids LOVE their school, love learning, and are disappointed when school breaks come around. Another reason why I love Orchard is it's approach to the community as a whole. One of Orchard's core values is diversity. Purposely, the school wants, and works, towards an multi-ethnic, multi-income, multi-viewed world in their classroom. Inclusivity and celebration of diversity is real at Orchard, not faked or seen as some chore. It is palpable and a true vision of how a multicultural America could be. How does a private, non faith based school make their tuition affordable? Their large network of donors, of course! Even the teacher's give to the Annual Giving Fund. Corporation donations, grants and a large endowment fueled by gifts from interested parties, parents and alumni defray the actual cost of tuition to affordable rates. Yes, Orchard actually charges less in tuition than it actually costs, and offers need based financial assistance, in order to insure that they capture a diverse range of ethnicities, incomes, and backgrounds. And yet, the students there seem very similar: Eager to learn, a deep drive to succeed, and very well mannered in social and professional graces. The last, but certainly not least, reason I love Orchard School are the dedicated to the point of fanatical parents, teachers and alumni. The teachers are incredible in that they are fantastic and patient with each one of their students, but that once they get to Orchard, they do not want to leave. I cannot recall the exact number but the average teacher has been there ten to fifteen years!?!? That is unheard of in private education, much less public school. My child's teacher has been there for over twenty years and that was her first full-time teaching position. Everyone loves her and she could go anywhere she wanted to (especially with her accomplishments) but she loves the school. The school is in her and much as she is in the school, and she is far from the exception! Also, the parents are the main recruitment tool for Orchard. Almost every single Orchard parent was referred by and Orchard parent. Those that were not recruited directly, were recruited indirectly by parents eagerness to put "Open House" signs in their yard. It's hard to find this much fond dedication from alumni of colleges, but parents seem to be even more motivated to spread the fame. Also, alumni also are involved and give back to their school out of their time, talents and treasure. Several parents offer products of theirs as raffle donations, and we are not talking about small freebies, but big ticket items like AUTOMOBILES! That's dedication! In summary, Orchard is the best school I have ever encountered, and I am somewhat jealous that I can afford to send my kid here. I just wish I could be a kid again in her shoes for a little while!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,8/7/2011,111,194,3,8,5>Lovely from start to finish.Lovely+funky decor.  I find a lot of decors in Indy kind of generic, but not here.  School-themed and slightly edgy but not too.When we arrived 15 minutes early for our 8:15 reservation, we were greeted warmly and seated at our table which was ready and waiting for us.Some friends had told us that if you call ahead and tell them you're vegetarian, they will prepare a vegetarian meal for you.  So that's what we had - the regular night's menu with some tasty butternut squash raviolis swapped in for the entree.- Green bean / arugala salad- Zucchini soup with chanterelles- Butternut squash raviolis- Apple meringue barAll local.A very satisfying 2 1/2 hour meal, a special night with friends.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,8/6/2011,59,320,,4,1>I can't give 5 full stars because the food wasn't quite as spicy as I feel it should have been.Otherwise, I LOVE THIS PLACE!Have been looking for an authentic-ish Cajun/Creole restaurant in Indy. Don't get me wrong, I love Yats, but it's not really authentic. You can't say you are Cajun if you don't have a po'boy!You get a TON TON TON of food for a small amount of money. I was all delicious.The red rice and beans was great, although a little on the mild side. I had the daily special po'boy which was chicken, bacon and cheese. I was skeptical at first, but damn, it was good!I'm not one for creole, but my coworkers all loved it.And you can get Frito Pie, which is always a WIN in my book.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,8/5/2011,75,186,3,3,2>Awesome ambiance & inexpensive as well. My cut was nice, but I didn't care for the styling-too big for me, not as shattered/piecy as I would've liked, but my son's hair looked amazing.  No, I didn't say anything, because it looked good, just wasn't entirely me. I'm thinking it'll look better styled slightly differently, so all in all- not bad at all. Word of warning though, if you're shy & less talkative, you may feel a bit awkward. Brenda's very loquacious, & I get the feeling I probably came across as kind of distant or cold since I'm just not that chatty with strangers. If you do well with talking to strangers, then definitely stop in here, as they're very friendly & welcoming. Also, Brenda loves Yelpers. :)
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,8/4/2011,44,102,2,3,2>Settle for less?  I always "settle for less", less burger because that's all I can manage to consume at Bubs. All of the other burgers are too much for me. However, settling for less at Bubs certainly applies to size only.  You are not settling for anything less than great by eating a burger at Bubs. Moreover, I can drink an Upland Wheat Ale with my burger and that makes me even more happy.I had heard that the hotdogs are great too, so I tried a chili dog. It was very good, but did not please me as much as the burgers do.  My son also swears the mahi mahi is "amazing".  Bubs fries are great and the onion rings are also very good.There is often a wait a Bubs, however, once you are seated the service is always great.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,8/3/2011,78,198,,5,2>I've been to The White Rabbit a few times before, but recently went for a show for the first time. Saw the March 4th Marching Band, for free (thanks yelp!) and they were awesome. They brought the jazz and the funk and the burlesque all at the same time. The entertainment was great.The venue is pretty sweet too. When they don't have a show they have a bunch of small tables set up to hang out. They have four draft taps, one of which they have PBR on, but the rest have good craft brews, both local and national. During the show they got rid of the small tables and had an open floor that was packed with people, but it was a good crowd, no pushing or showing here. This is a great place for a show or for a relaxing beer.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,8/2/2011,34,58,,5,2>The Indianapolis International Supper Club visited Oaxaca for the July dinner, and it was a wonderful discovery for me. First of all, let me mention the avocado smoothie. Yep, that's right, avocado. It is lightly sweetened and not too thick, and must be around 24 oz or so. Next we'll move on to the salsa. Unlike most Mexican restaurants, their standard salsa is verde (green) style. It is painfully delicious! Even the diners who don't like spice couldn't keep themselves from eating it. They add chunks of avocado to give it a slightly creamy flavor. I had a really hard time choosing my entree, and ended up going with the tacos dorados (I believe that's what they were called). They are what I would typically call flautas. They had a nice spiciness to them. I got 6 of them with beans, rice, and a delicious salad with a light dressing and even more avocado! (I do love me some avocado.) I also tried a cheese empanada, which was tasty and went really well with the salsa verde. It sounded like nearly everyone thoroughly enjoyed their choices. Jon A got a fish that was cooked whole, but looked fantastically delicious when he started removing the meat to go in his fresh made tortillas. That is what I'll be trying on my next visit. Others ordered marinated goat, which they said was great. (I'm not much of a goat fan myself, so I'll take their word on that one.) Still others had ribs and meat filled empanadas. Only a few minor drawbacks. It didn't seem that there were many options for vegetarians. Also, unless you like extreme amounts of sweetness, I would not recommend getting the mango drink. It is really thick and syrupy. (Though I do believe they made it with fresh mangoes. That is just their texture when juiced.) But if you do enjoy extreme sweets, this should be considered a big plus for you! And finally, it would be nice if they would get permission to serve beer. A couple bottles of Mexican brew would have gone great with my dinner. If they do get a liquor license, I believe it will raise my review to 5 stars. The restaurant is near 30th St on MLK Dr on the near westside. It has street parking and ample seating inside. We even managed to get enough tables in a row for our very large group to all sit together. Oh, and as best as I can make out, the pronunciation is woa-HA-ca? Don't quote me on that, I could be way off. But even if you can't pronounce it, you should definitely go there. Enjoy!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2011,8/1/2011,165,152,4,6,2>I need more info on this place to decide whether we're being greenwashed or not by the overt use of "Local."Local shouts/touts "local" and "sustainable" on the menus and servers tees (the former, in HUGE letters.) The daily specials menu prominently featured a list of all the local farms where the restaurant procured the specials' meats, which was nice.But that's evidently where the "local" ended. The main menu listed virtually no sources of their food, though the bottom of the page mentioned both "local" and "sustainable." Descriptions would be nice to back up their claimsThey had a decent number of veggie-friendly options, but nothing very unique or tempting, unless you love mushrooms. Since I don't love mushrooms but do appreciate local fish, I had the catfish fish & chips.Two generous pieces of deep-fried catfish came out. They were quite good. Disappointingly, the Local had no malt vinegar. The server kindly asked the cook, who said they just didn't think to order it, since it was the first time they'd served fish & chips.Fries/chips were virtually inedible: soaked in oil and soggy, they didn't have much flavor, either.Beer choice wasn't bad, though they had a Sun King small-batch on the menu but had run out of it at least a day before, according to the server.Flourless chocolate cake was good and housemade.Compostable/recyclable take-home containers were a nice touch, though I hope this isn't the extent of the Local's sustainability. I also hope more restaurants choose to start using similar materials. I had the greasy fish in my fridge for 24 hours, and it had yet to soak through the paperboard-like material.Space was big with tall ceilings but not noisy like similarly designed restaurants. Was very bright when we came in, but they thankfully dimmed the lights on the side of the airy bar we sat in at around 9pm or so.Service was friendly, prompt and casual. Just the way I like it.The worst part of the meal, besides questionable terminology and soggy fries, was the men's bathroom. Puddles under the urinals and overflowing trash can looked like they hadn't been cleaned all day, and when I went to dry my hands after washing them, I reached for the paper-towel dispenser - but there were none. No electric dryer, either. Maybe using one's pants to dry one's hands constitutes being sustainable.Bottom line: if I'm up that way again at some point, I'd stop in for a pint and a snack with the hopes I could learn more about where my "Local" food was coming from.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,7/31/2011,144,579,3,3,3>Bazbeaux is my favorite pizza place in Indy. They have wonderful flavors and toppings, great crust, and always a good beer to go with it. I'd recommend them to anyone wanting a good pizza in town. My only wish is that they had a gluten free pizza dough option, for those who can't have wheat. I know it's possible, so hopefully they'll make it happen soon!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/29/2010,7/30/2011,134,221,3,6,2>Pretend you're a character in a Bret Easton Ellis novel at this Mass Ave. resto bar! FortyFive exudes a kind of stereotyped modern charm, with its moving water lights, white plastic chairs, loud electronic music and geometrically-shaped plates. However, it was actually more friendly and comfortable than I would have thought. They make an excellent dirty martini, and even offer blue cheese-stuffed olives (though the quality of the cheese was not great). I ordered the one veggie roll they offer and seaweed salad, and they were both tasty and not terribly overpriced. The service was very good. Eating and drinking at a place like FortyFive, I think, is what makes some people felt like they've really "gone out" for the night. It justifies the dressed up, vaguely slutty outfit you've put together or the new button-down shirt, fancy jeans and hair gel. Considering that, though, it really wasn't that bad on a Wednesday before a long holiday weekend.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2011,7/29/2011,46,552,,5,2>Wow, this place is fancy.  Way, way nicer than I expected based on my experience with other food co-ops.  The space is big and open.  Plenty of bulk food options.  They have a meat deli in there too (weird if you ask me, but ok).  Lot of beautiful organic produce and other grocery items.  Friendly folks welcomed me and explained a bit about the membership and volunteering.Mad props to the folks who were involved with opening everything up.  The neighborhood definitely need access to fresh, healthy, and affordable food and the store looks great.  When I move into the neighborhood I'll totally be walking over there to get some TP and some Seitan when I need it.Be warned though, prices are super high, thus kinda missing the affordable piece of that pie.  They seemed about 10-30% higher than what I'd typically pay at other grocery stores in the area - even higher than Whole Paycheck.  I think it's something that they are going to have to overcome in order to be successful.  Perhaps prices will go down once they realize how to manage/utilize their volunteer network.  That's my two cents anyway.  It will be interesting to see how things develop.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2011,7/28/2011,37,164,,8,1>Wanted a late-night bite and so many places close their kitchens early on Thursday nights if they're slow, so Ivys can always be depened on to be open, albeit with their Extended Latenight Menu (ELM), not the usual dinner menu.That have a great selection on their ELM. Salads, and soups, sandwiches and appetizers as well as pizza and lasagna. We started with the appetizer combo platter. Fried mozzarella, fried pickles, fried mushrooms, fried onion rings and fried chicken wings. One might think that's a lot of fried, but I am not one of those people. It was great, especially when paired with some mild or spicy dipping sauces. For my meal I was lulled into sweet blissful states of comfort with their toasted cheddar cheese on sourdough. Other breads and cheeses are available but I find the hearty sourdow not only holds up to the butter and grilling but add some edge to the taste of the cheddar. The coleslaw that came with it was creamy as I like it but a little lukewarm which made me go hmmmmm.My companion had their burger and potato salad. The burger was reported to be juicy and the potatoe salad also very creamy.Dessert was the caramel turtle cheesecake (just an ordinary slice of cheescake with caramel sauce on top along with pecans and then chocolate syrup drizzled over the whoe thing) and their 24-Karat cake (carrot cake, get it?)Our server was attentive and our glasses were constantly refilled.Highly recommended as a late night place to eat.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,7/27/2011,210,195,4,4,6>Shut the front door!  IWFM is amazing!The chances of me waking up before Noon on a Saturday are slim, but this past week it happened.  I decided to head over to grab some Duos breakfast and to peak inside the market.. I was literally sucked in and my wallet started shooting money everywhere. I picked up a loaf of rye bread, a jar of sauerkraut and a vegan dark chocolate truffle.  I could have probably bought a lot more but my bike pannier was already full with breakfast.  If you're vegan or vegetarian this place is a MUST.  I personally like to keep my money in local businesses as much as possible so IWFM is a no brainer. We are very lucky to have this in our fine city and it's amazing to see so many vendors and people supporting it.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2011,7/26/2011,133,150,8,5,5>I like to dance.  I like to work out.  I like the movie Gypsy.What better way to combine the 3 than to learn to pole dance?!  I figure, if I get laid off again, at least now I have learned a skill that I can potentially put to good use starting a new career.  Don't judge me!I agree, the online scheduling needs work, as does the website navigation.  The actual classes are great, and I am looking forward to checking out some of the other classes offered now that they have expanded and include bellydancing and burlesque!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,7/25/2011,33,82,,5,2>I stopped in here today, heading for Square Rootz Deli, only to find the place closed for good! I saw a bunch of motorcycles outside and decided it must be a cool place, so I rolled in to this immaculate place, decorated with such care that I wanted to come out of my shoes. I took in the menu- it's a tapas bar- and decided to go with guac and chips, and a sausage roll along with my Kracken rum and Coke. The sausage roll was nice- I probably wouldn't order it again now that I've tried it, but it didn't suck or anything- and I liked the guac, but man, was it spicy. Since I have a born and bred Indiana palate, I would have appreciated a warning, but I didn't ask either, so oh well. As I was finishing up, one of the owners (I suck at names, sorry) told me they were just opening, and there was a full Tiki Bar in the back! They were closing, so I didn't get to peek in, but I hear it's the spot on the weekends. I'm already making plans to go back. I love that it's smoke free too!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,7/23/2011,295,229,2,8,2>I'm not going to lie, I hate the location. The last time I was here, there were people outside asking for money. I don't like going at night.With that out of the way, the food here is top-notch. After years of watching No Reservations, I became quite obsessed with Latin seafood, and was very excited to try it. My first time at El Sol, I broke out of my usual Enchiladas Verdes routine and got the Chiles Rellenos, which were great. You would not expect from the neighborhood, or even the look of the restaurant that everything would come out so artfully presented. There was a small salad with pickeld onions in a light dressing, and the sour cream was placed decoratively on top with an artistic hand. The chiles were great, not greasy, as is a problem with most fried foods at Mexican Restaurants. The ceviche selection stunned me, mostly for being in downtown Indianapolis, and as land-locked as we can get. The one I had was prepared in the traditional coastal Mexican style, and full of flavor. The fish was marianted to perfection, although like most items on this menu, had so much cilantro in it. (I'm one of those people who can't stand cilantro...it tastes like soap to me). The tiger milk was pleasant at the end of the meal. The ceviche portion is large enough as an appetizer or an entree.One of the ways El Sol de Tala tricks you is by asking if you would like a regualr or large margarita. Please be cognizant that the large margarita is as big or bigger than your head, and a well large margarita costs $12, which is more than most entrees. Stick with the regular, and they often have specials. El Sol is a great refuge for vegetarians, offering more than beans and cheese. My boyfriend was able to try cactus here, and it was delicately prepared. He was extremely pleased to get something other than greasy cheese wrapped in a tortilla. Of the appetizers we tried, the guacamole is made to order (a little too much cilantro for my taste) and the white queso is a very large portion. I am wary about the salsa that comes to the table, because twice I have found bits of wood from toothpicks in it. In conclusion, El Sol de Tala is an oasis in a bad neighborhood. They offer a wide variety of traditional foods, and the restaurant is huge. Definitely worth checking out, but watch out for the salsa!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,7/22/2011,34,61,,3,3>Red Lion is a British-styled pub in the Murphy Building in Fountain Square. And by British-style I mean an emphasis on Fish & Chips, Pub Curries, and English beer.That said, there's a good selection of Indiana brews (Sun King & Upland), and good draft specials during the week. Not too wide a selection to make you pause, but it is pretty great to see you can drink local almost anywhere now. With the recent opening of several more local breweries (including an upcoming one in the neighborhood); will be interesting to see if they add a few more taps.The portobello sandwich is pretty excellent; if a bit messy, and the same goes for the Reuben. Both are pretty giant. Only had a scotch egg once, but it was one of the finest (then again, any hardboiled egg blanketed in sausage & fried better be at least decent). Burgers are passable to excellent; though they seem either pre-formed or molded. Oh--make sure you get some of the curry sauce (hot) with your chips...it's a stand-out for sure.Service here has always been outstanding & really friendly. I also like the fact that there are just TVs over the bar, and no music. Anywhere you can go for a drink and actually hear yourself talk/think is a winner in my book.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,7/21/2011,20,21,6,7,3>Ah, the Dorman, a bar that is disctinctive in its character yet so many things to different people.  This place is busiest late at night when the service industry workers shut down their restaurants and locals stop in for a drink.  The unifying factor here being a stool next to the 100 year old bar off of the main drag of mass ave.  John Dillinger used to stop by this bar for drinks in 1933 while casing the Massachusetts Avenue State Bank (now the Art Bank) that same year. This may give you a conception of the bar's atmosphere, reputation and typical clientele.  Well, its not a haven for criminals but it does the attract the broke-the-mold sort.  Maybe gangsters at heart?The atmosphere is definite dive-bar although recent renovations have attempted to make it minimally less so.  Luckily, a game of pool is still a quarter and the jukebox still carries some greats (everything from the Stone's Sticky Fingers to Animal Collective to Johnny Cash).  It all adds to the Dormans character.  The dive bar persona is part of its appeal and the juxtaposition of the impressive prohibition era cocktails to the divey atmostphere adds again to the gangster appeal.  This is where to get the best cocktails in town... and at great prices!  I don't think anything is over 8 bucks and most are in the 6 dollar range.  Who else house infuses vodka with peppercorns and horseradish for their bloody marys? This place.  My favorite drinks are the ti punch and the east sider.  They also make a mean gimlet of sorts thats a combo of hendricks, st germain and lime.  My wife loves their junebug and its a pretty cool color I might add.This is the type of place that normally you would be worried about telling too many people about for fear of it becoming overcrowded with people who would change its character.  Luckily, I don't think that will be a problem here.  If the true dive bar atmosphere doesn't scare them off, the smoke will.  This place is protected by a band of chainsmokers working in tandem with a ventillation system scarcely more effective than a cave.  I'm not a smoker but I'm all for it here.  Think of it as a smoke alarm in reverse.  In the words of George W. Bush, "Smoke 'em out!"
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,7/20/2011,125,230,3,3,2>This is a great bar. The patio is awesome for people watching, checking out Buds parking lot, and chatting with friends over drinks. It's like Cheers for hipsters. The menu is not your typical bar food and it's all yummy! Wraps, pizza, hummus, desserts, etc. Swanky music and TCM on the tele's is a nice change from the usual ESPN and "today's top hits". Bartenders and servers are friendly and the service is pretty quick. It gets really busy on weekends, so I like a weekday for a few drinks in the sun with a handful of friends. Now that I am living 2 blocks away, I see this becoming a regular stop.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,7/19/2011,63,46,1,9,3>Bonge's is a hidden gem. It is the perfect place to get a gourmet American style meal in a place that is not afraid to serve something in a plastic basket on a vinyl tablecloth.This is not the typical kind of place I will go but I heard through the grape vine that this place was worth checking out. We had heard that we would encounter a long wait but luckily we did not. At first glance the place seemed a bit touristy which was strange due to it's out of the way location. The menu changes daily and is written on a black board over the bar. The prices were high for me ($19-$28) so between that and the decor I had high hopes and low expectations.The first thing that arrived was the tomato soup. It was by far the best tomato soup I have ever tasted. I know the bar in this category is not too high but believe me it was wonderful. It was heavily spiced and had remnants of tomato chucks unlike the canned variety.The Salad was a quartered head of lettuce with a homemade blue cheese dressing. To me this dish accentuated the dual nature of this place the best.... Masterfully crafted dressing on a head of iceberg lettuce (No arugula or endive in this one). Maybe they did this to showcase the dressing but everything was as fresh as it gets and spot-on with the flavor. On to the entree's. I had the Harger Duck. It was a breast of duck stuffed with cream cheese, bacon and jalapeño and topped with a cherry based sauce that was used sparingly almost like a glaze. It was served atop a bed of wild rice and complimented by potatoes and a mixture of several different summer squashes. Talk about rich and delicious. The duck was tender and succulent on the inside while remaining crispy and tangy on the outside. The NY Strip was better and more memorable than any steak I have had a Ruth Chris. And the blue cheese topping was an interesting compliment to the deep and flavorful steak. They definitely have their grilling technique down here. The Mahi Mahi was another hit. Fresh fish cooked to perfection topped with heavily spiced and grilled shrimp in the middle of a cornfield. Ironic and superb.We also had the shrimp cocktail, and crab cakes but I feel redundant at this point. Everything that made its way to our table was on par with any of the top gourmet restaurants that I have been to without the pretentiousness that usually accompanies them. I should also throw in a note that the service was second to none. The place is always packed and has a line out the door but they have no problem explaining every ingredient of every dish on the menu. I did not feel rushed at all.Anyway for American style gourmet food in the greater Indianapolis area this if my pick hands down. There are not many restaurants in this category that I feel this strongly about.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,7/18/2011,179,458,6,5,7>Jon A. has an astonishing amount of check ins here and has written about his sandwich experiences at Goose.  I must go and show me the way Jon!  Alas he is under the weather.  I believe him, because I'm pretty sure he would crawl here.  So this review is a two parter.  I'm going to review my lunch and then I'm going to review my dinner.  I had the dry aged sirloin from Goose the Market at Chef JJ's Backyard.  I liked it so much that I must have it again.  I bought a pound and it's going on the Big Green Egg tonight.  That review will come soon, so stay tuned!I had the Goose sandwich.  It was very yummy!  I personally would have had it on different bread.  It was a workout tearing into it.  It was packed with flavor and served hot.  I gave up chips for lent, so I washed it down with a diet root beer.  Jon A. will Goose again!  We will hit this place together and it will be Yelptastic.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,7/17/2011,60,75,,7,1>I discovered this little gem when my stylist moved out of town. I don't let just anyone cut my hair. I'm very particular about haircuts and letting someone new do the deed is nerve-racking for me. NERVE-RACKING, I tell you. Anyhow, so I called to see if there was someone that could maybe cut my hair (as a walk in, nonetheless). The voice on the other end of the line was incredibly reassuring and let me know that I would be well taken care of and to come on in. So, off I went to face the music. I was paired with Tara who is now known to me as "stylist extraordinaire". She really took her time to make sure she knew exactly what I wanted. Tara definitely made me feel more confident about letting someone new get up close and personal with my beloved hair. Tara did a great job with super short hair and even introduced me to a new product that I just may have to purchase on my next visit. Decor: the business looks small from the outside, but once you step inside it really is a big place. It's decorated with a modern flair and neutral tones. Price: The most expensive cut is $28, which is great considering we live in a metropolitan area.Overall: As sad as it is to lose a stylist that you have trusted for years, it is also great to know that there are other fabulous people in the business. In addition to being a salon, Hairtopia also offers several other services include massage and facial. This is definitely my new salon of choice in the Indianapolis area.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,7/16/2011,123,216,2,8,4>This is possibly one of the hardest reviews I've written and honestly I have no idea where to start.  My relationship with the Alley Cat has been an 11 year roller coaster love affair.  The Alley Cat has been associated with both the good and the bad and a long list of memories I can't even begin to list.  The alley cat is a BR staple and I almost always run into someone I know when I walk in there, which seems to be less and less the older I get.  On Friday and Saturday nights the place gets PACKED and has one of the most diverse crowds I've experienced at any bar in Indianapolis.  As the years have passed they've added a draft beer selection and food, but have kept the heavy hand when making mixed drinks.  The burgers are good and cheap.  If you want a more laid back experience try the Alley Cat on a week night.  There is a group of after-work regulars that give the place a completely different feel from the late night scene.  The juke box is amazing, but be warned, there are so many people pumping quarters into it that it's possible you will be ready to leave before you get to hear your songs.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2011,7/14/2011,23,22,4,4,2>There's a place where I go to dine in shame and fat pants.  Not because it's a shameful place.  Because the food is so good that you can't help but stuff yourself in a truly shameful manner.  I'm talking comfort food at it's best.  There's nothing fancy about Mississippi Belle, they don't take credit cards and don't serve alcohol.  But what they do, they do well: soul food that will make your eyes roll back in your head.Everything is served family style and is all-you-can-eat.  Each diner chooses and entree and the table decides on four sides to share.  All dinners include corn bread, sliced tomatoes and onions and a beverage.  Beverages are soda, lemonade, and regular or sweet tea.  The kind of sweet that makes you think your straw should be able to stand straight up.  And get this--your table's meal is rolled out on a cart!  Now you know you should've worn fat pants when your food has to be rolled rather than carried!For me, the two best things on the menu are fried chicken and macaroni and cheese.  In fairness to some other restaurants in the city, I can't say that Mississippi Belle has the best friend chicken, but that's because there are a few well-known chicken places I haven't tried.  But it's the best chicken I've had to date.  The outside is super crisp, yet doesn't have too much breading--the juicy chicken is the star.As for the macaroni and cheese, I can't put my finger on exactly what makes it so special.  I suspect they use a blend of cheese and "cheese product" which would normally horrify me, but all fanciness went out the door when I mentioned fat pants.  All I know for sure is I could make a meal of the macaroni alone.  But don't do that, because you'll totally miss out on everything else.Like the slow roasted pork that practically melts in your mouth.  Or the homestyle green beans.  Or the creamy mashed potatoes.  And oh, that hot water corn bread!  Anything that good probably contains lard or bacon grease.  I'm sure that pork fat in some form was involved.  Although there isn't anything bad on the menu, I do have a couple of critiques.  The ribs were too fatty for my taste--I really wanted more actual meat.  And the sweet potatoes were actually too sweet.  But again, that's just my personal preference.For amazing food and well, not much else, I give Mississippi an overall rating of 3 stars.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,7/13/2011,71,190,,6,2>In September 2008, my husband and I got married at the Indiana State Museum.  We had our ceremony on the canal in front of the steam clock; cocktail hour on the terrace overlooking the city and the reception inside the museum.  The Indiana State Museum was the perfect site for our ceremony and reception, they were receptive to all of our changes and were willing to work with us. It was a beautiful site and everything went above and beyond our expectations.  Anne Johansson and her staff were amazing to work with.  Everything we were promised was delivered on and everything went better than expected!  We were very happy that we were allowed to store things at the Museum in the week leading up to the wedding and that our large amount of ceremony and reception stuff wasn't too much for them to accommodate!  We were also extremely happy with the space and the contemporary feel to the museum.  Centerplate is the exclusive catering company for the Indiana State Museum and I know my parents were apprehensive but Kelly and the rest of her staff went above and beyond to meet our expectations. Our food was delicious and everything went off without a hitch. I was very happy with our event and the quality of everything was amazing. I highly recommend Centerplate for anyone having an upscale event.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,7/11/2011,89,180,6,7,3>After reading the previous reviews for the speedway, I though I'd start off my review with a few quick tips for the track.1. The sun is high in the sky and if you stand under it too long without protection, your skin will burn.2. Bring proper walking shoes or learn how to use the provided tram system to move you to your destination. It's a 2.5 mile track.3. It rains in Indiana in May. It has for a really long time. Add thousands of people on top of wet grass and you get mud. This is true for anywhere...well in the world really. 4. If you don't enjoy racing, you will get bored. If you just want the experience of seeing cars going around the track, want to do it on the cheap, and want to leave whenever, I highly recommend going on a practice day. You'll enjoy it more. Now for my real review. I have been coming to the track at least once a year nearly all my life. In terms of the racing, Indy here is a bit more exciting than NASCAR here. There's a lot less passing in nascar at this track. Practice days give you nearly free run of the track. If you wish, you can wander up and down pit road (separated by a fence, but still right there), get a view of the garage area, and see the cars going around the track from any vantage point you want. You just have to be willing to walk a bit or hop on a tram. The food and drinks, like any major event, are pricey. You can easily avoid that by bringing a small cooler or backpack with your own food and drink (no glass containers). I was at the track all day for bump day and the only money I spent was for the ticket thanks to my friend backpack. I can't speak for the womens bathrooms, but the mens are basically just long troughs. This isn't uncommon for sporting events. In terms of cleanliness and condition of the track, it is better than many other tracks I have been too. If you're a true racing fan, you'll get chills the first time you step into this track. If you don't care much about racing, there are still plenty of opportunities for you to have fun, even if that means being able to say you've seen the track, now please point me back to my couch.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,7/10/2011,23,124,2,4,3>Enjoy some great creole eats with some cool down-to-earth people in this no frills, what-you-see-is-what-you-get Mass Ave hangout.What they lack in variety they more than make up for in quality and consistency. Choose one of the 4-5 meals listed on the chalkboard (or get half and half...a great little feature), wait just a couple minutes, and enjoy a delightful, hearty and surprisingly filling cajun meal.It fits in well on Mass Ave, offering a quality alternative to quick and cheap fast food. It's probably the only place in the Mass Ave area to grab such a meal -- including the ability to grab a decent meal for less than $10.One thing I've found particularly convenient -- they seemed to have priced their entrées such that, with tax, the totals come either exactly or very close to an even dollar amount. Perhaps it's coincidence, but convenient just the same.For whatever reason, I'm not much of a fan of the location on College. I've been disappointed more than once, and I don't understand why the Mass Ave shop accepts credit cards while the College Ave one does not. It's a moot point by now -- you can find me enjoying my Chili Cheese Étouffée on Mass Ave.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,7/9/2011,195,303,,7,5>I came here for the after party for the Chew on This dinner.  What a cool use of an old Firestone!  I think the Service Center is a huge step in reclaiming some of our sad, empty urban sprawl, and will absolutely help to revitalize this area.  The main room (what used to be the tire show room) was set up with tables and chairs, and there was student artwork hung up around the room.  There's a room set up for showing movies, and coolest of all, outside in the parking lot they are doing huge raised beds and planting a garden on top of the asphalt!  I'm excited about this project, and look forward to coming here for future events!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,7/8/2011,43,25,,10,2>So tonight was their second "soft opening" night, so they warned us up front that they were still working on things, from the menu to the service to whatever. You wouldn't have guessed it.The restaurant concept apparently started with the two owners sharing an interest in pickling things, and it mushroomed from there. As a result, they will have an ever-changing appetizer of "pickles." Try it. Tonight had a few cucumbers topped with spicy pickled daikon radishes, pickled ramps, a pickled hard boiled egg, and housemade peanut butter (inspired by the Asian cuisine at their other establishment, my favorite Indy Thai restaurant, Siam Square). I'm sure it all sounds weird, but rest assured it's not.We followed that up with duck confit on a bed of broccoli slaw (which has a vinegar-based dressing, jalepenos, and other goodness) with slices of duck brest and some crackly skin crunchers. Wonderful. A couple of us favored the next appetizer, the pork belly. Nothing terribly unusual about it other than it is 20x better than the pork belly I last had (and wrote about) at R Bistro. Our last appetizer was the beef tongue in a horseradish cream with pickled beets (there it is again), and housemade potato chips to load it all on. I've always been scared of tongue of any creature, but well-prepared, it's tender and juicy with a great compliment of flavors. Be adventurous...I don't regret it at all.For entrees, I had the burger (lamb and beef mixture, topped with a goat cheese spread on top of sauteed onions and (ready?) green tomato pickles) which was cooked to complete perfection -- perfectly charred on the outside and perfectly medium rare inside. My companions had the pork tenderloin (deep fried, natch), the roast beef, and the lamb. All of the entrees were delicious, though I think my burger won over everyone as the best (not that there was a worst).Of course, how could we pass up dessert? Panna cotta with strawberries and candied popcorn was the far and away winner, while the fancy s'more was just okay.Service was commendable, friendly, and knowledgeable. The owner came and talked to us for a while about the concept and some of the issues they're working out, and we provided some candid feedback about a couple of things that could be done better (turnips with the lamb made the dish have a bitter aftertaste). He also mentioned that the menu would change seasonally, though the core would be the items we saw tonight (i.e. they will always have a burger and lamb, but how they are prepared and what accompanies them will change as fresh ingredients come and go).I hope this place takes off. It's in the old location of Mass Ave Video, which is at the top of Mass, just as the road curves to go up to 10th Street. One major advantage is that it has its own parking lot (no meters). I look forward to future visits when I just feel like a beer and a delicious appetizer after work.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2010,7/7/2011,122,38,2,2,4>Love Plumps outdoor front porch concept.  I could spend a whole day out front sipping on adult beverages with friends in the shade.  Good thing they don't have hammocks, I might never leave.  Love that they're dog friendly.  It's great to see real dogs work the bar with their sniffing game.  No cheesie one liners just let me sniff your rear.  If sit near the entrance you might get licked or the chance of petting some awesome dogs.  I would give it 4 stars, but the food is just another run of the mill bar food from what I got.  Of course I wasn't looking for food that day just ambiance.  Would definetly go back and waste another Saturday on the front porch sipping adult beverages.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,7/6/2011,10,92,,4,3>Steakburgers and milkshakes - you're thinking Steak N Shake, right? Well, next time you have that kind of craving, go here instead and experience fresh ingredients and amazing milkshakes. The simplicity of the menu is part of what makes this place so great - when you don't have all these items to throw around behind the scenes, you can focus on your main dish - your burger! The fries are excellent - they're a little brown because of the potatoes or the way they're cooked, but never burnt! I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for an alternative to fast food.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2011,7/5/2011,57,115,4,2,1>I actually really liked the aloo vindaloo. It was alright. The server was very nice, and knew what a vegan was and what they can and can not eat. However, what I came for was the samosa chat, and if you have never had samosa chat, I suggest you immediately find the nearest good source of them and get one at any cost. The samosa chat is a magical creature among appetizers, an authentic and, for some reason, rare beast. This is what real Indians think of when they think of samosas, and why they don't like the ones you eat. It's a samosa with a less-saucy scoop of chana masala dumped on top with sliced red onions as a garnish and then yogurt or no yogurt depending on whether you are vegan or not. It is the best thing that has ever happened in the history of the world. When you have your first good one, you will want to eat nothing else for a week, possibly longer. And this is where this visit went from awesome to a-ok, because the chat was lame.I ordered one, possibly drooling at the time, and proceeded to stare intently at the kitchen area without blinking until it emerged. What came back to me was a kind of re-fried seeming samosa; very tough and chewy, with a very strange recipe of chana masala that must have been made with tomato paste instead of diced tomatoes because it tasted like chick peas in ketchup... it was quite salty and tomato-y but really not much else.Bummer! I was so stoked.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,7/4/2011,150,96,2,2,2>MacNivens...my home away from home.  I used to spend alot of time in MacNivens when I worked in the basement of the MassAla building which houses it.  I would go to lunch there 2-3 times a week.  Hands down they have the best scotch eggs that I have ever had.  If you don't know what a scotch egg is then that is very sad, but I will fill you in on the details.  A scotch egg is a hard boiled egg wrapped in sausage, breaded and deep fried.  I know it sounds gross, but I believe that God created it so he could snack on them every day.  MacNivens version comes with a side of spicy mayo for dipping.  I have had these other places and the egg always seems over done.  MacNivens are always perfect.  They also serve them on a salad.  You have to get both.  I have had everything from the Baps (sandwich) menu and they are all great.  The french dip, tuna salad and blackened chicken stand out as my favorites.  Another thing that they have that is the best I have ever had is their veggie chili, which you can get as a bowl or as a side with you meal.  Full of different beans and corn, this chili keeps me coming back over and over.Now that we have discussed the food, lets move on to their drinks.  Wow what a variety.  I mean they have a menu for their whiskey and scotch that is the size of their food menu.  The beer selection on draft is out of this world and always rotating.  They have alot of local stuff, but also keep around the old Irish and Scottish favorites.  They have tons of 12 and 22 ounce bottles on hand as well.  MacNivens does alot of beer events with various local and region places so follow them on facebook and twitter to get down to one of these events.Over all I am amazed that I can go back to the same place over and over as much as I have with MacNivens.  I am a man a variety and love to try new places all the time.  But I know that if I want to go somewhere where I feel at home, I will shoot right over to this spot everytime.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,7/3/2011,63,307,,5,3>After having my champagne-stained bridesmaid's dress cleaned at Vista Cleaners, I asked Vickie if she could achieve the impossible - transform a bridesmaid's dress into something I could actually wear again! And, do it only a couple of days during a holiday week (Thanksgiving). I wanted to take it with me on a trip to the Riviera Maya which included a formal gala but I didn't want to look like the weirdo who showed up in a bridesmaid's dress! No worries. Vickie was super fast, turning my dress around to me in just a couple days. She shortened it and gave it a beautiful bubble hem. I am very happy with the results and received several compliments. I would HIGHLY recommend Vickie's services if you are in the Greenwood area and need professional alterations services. Thank you, Vickie!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,7/2/2011,66,229,3,5,4>Good Lord. I love this place. My colleague and I once again made the trek to this wonderful establishment for a late lunch. I went with one of the more ridiculous sandwiches this time, as I was starving. I had to fast for a blood test and hadn't eaten anything so the more ridiculous, the better. It was a ridiculously good choice, but maybe a bit over the top. I ordered Cubano which includes smoked pork, ham, breaded steak, egg, turkey, Mexican sausage, hotdog, American cheese, mozzarella cheese, white fresh cheese, chicken breast & pineapple. We munched on peanuts (and tried to figure out a way to dip them in the awesome salsas) while awaiting our sandwiches. The Cubano was fat as hell. I could barely bite it, but managed. I also managed to cover my shirt with crumbs and food bits. With it being so big and having so many ingredients, each bite was like that of a different torta. Somehow it all worked together just fine. More than fine. I love the cheeses and avocado. I love the hot salsa that I dump all over the meat. So far this place can do no wrong. The service is just as great as the food. Its also cheap, and there are a ton of options for tortas, just be careful if you are sensitive to saltiness. They also have tacos and tamales on their specials board. You need to go here if you have not done so. Sandwiches weren't meant to be this good.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,7/1/2011,69,61,,4,3>Holy crap. An amazing chinese/japanese buffet on the east side of Indy? No way. But yeah, it is. That was my first impression at the Teppanyaki Grill. If you were new to the east side you would never know that this restaurant is in a former Frank's garden store. The interior of this place is quite lux- mahogany, granite, fountains, etc., and not the cheesy kind you see in other asian buffets. The food selection is AMAZING. Not only is there the typical chinese buffet fare (general's chicken, beef & broccoli, etc.), but there's a full sushi bar and hibachi. Normally I'd expect to pay close to $20 for this level of buffet, but it was ungodly cheap! $6 for lunch and $9 for dinner! I know that I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2010,6/30/2011,104,322,5,13,2>Update: After a not so great experience I was immediately contacted by the proprietor, Curtis and was offered a do-over. I let him know Groupon refunded my money on the blowout and he insisted that I still come in. I will be scheduling an appointment soon... I am very impressed that he wants to make sure I have a great experience with his business!! I will be scheduling my appointment soon, until then I have upgraded from 2 to 3 stars.I really expected something more... just saying.I am a salon/spa junkie, just take a look at my list! I have been waiting for the right time to get a Brazilian Blowout and after Groupon offered one for this salon I jumped at the chance to get it for $100 vs the regular $250. I guess I didn't realize discount meant less service?? My stylist was less than enthused about doing the Brazilian Blowout and let me know about it. She complained. a lot. She complained about the other stylist's lunches, and about her kids. She explained the service to me, after me asking her what exactly she would be doing. She said it would include a wash, the treatment, blow dry, straighten, wash again, blow dry and then straighten. After washing she blew it dry but did not straighten, which was fine because I was more than ready to go. Not only was I finishhed listening to her k'vetsh, my scalp was sore from being burnt from the slip of the iron and my ears from the heat of the hair dryer that was way to HOT!She did offer a bang trim and I let her do it. Mistake.Sadly the other stylists seemed super nice, and helpful. One of them even shampooed my hair since my stylist was running behind. I have to say I was envious of her client. She seemed nice and talkative but not overbearing. I go to the salon to relax and have fun. Not to feel like I am burdening someone. I paid $10 for the bang trim & tipped her a $20 even after she tried to sell me hair care products that I did not want or need.  I was so appreciative of the salon offering the service at a great discount, but wish my stylist would have been respectful of my time (and my hair) and kept some of her opinions to herself.Evolve your salon is cute, had easy parking, and some of your staff was friendly but I have to give you 2 stars :(
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,6/29/2011,153,144,,3,3>Let me start by saying that I am THRILLED that this brewery is so close to my house! The bier is done so well that it is hard to believe 3 young men are creating sure yummy goodness. But then again.... it's really not...I have never been much of a fan of cream stouts or ale, so imagine my surprise when I walked out with a growler of one! We also brought home a growler of Belgian Dubbel, so very easy to drink that I am not sure it will make it past this evening. My other favorites were the Blond and the oatmeal stout. I hope they will be available when I return for my next refill.The atmosphere here is laid back and friendly, the bier talk is great and the people pouring the bier are also those who make it, so ask questions.Comfy sofas are available to relax in, and vinyl records are abundant, just pick what you would like to hear and pop it on the record player! I really like that touch! This is a dog friendly place and the sweet mascot will greet you when you walk in.The website will keep you up to date on what is on tap, so check before you go if you are the picky type.... Adventurous type only need to check the hours!Cheers!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,6/28/2011,19,103,,3,3>Get the fries!  They are VERY tasty.  Besides the fries we had the grilled ham & cheese sandwich, the turkey reuben & a side of cole slaw.  The ham & cheese was the special of the day & came with fries.  Most of the other items didn't.  I didn't taste the ham & cheese but my boyfriend really liked it.  The Turkey Reuben was very tasty.  Cooked perfectly with just the right amount of cheese, sauce & kraut.Fat Dan's also has Chicago style hot dogs, beef sandwiches, ribs and a number of other items.  We'll be back for sure to try some other things.Oh, the slaw was terrific!  Some of the best I've had around here.  YUM
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,6/27/2011,30,79,,6,3>Love this place! It has so much more going for it than the chain video game stores. I recently traded in a PS2 and some Sega Genesis peripherals - the guy was super helpful and gave me a great deal. I promptly used my store credit on Ocarina of Time and an N64 controller - you definitely can't get those at Gamestop! Much less an actual Atari, or other consoles that are older than I am! McVan's, you have my video games loyalty!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,6/26/2011,109,103,4,7,5>What other movie theater permits you to take in a White Castle Crave Case, Jockamoe's Pizza, and a cooler of your favorite beverages??? Obviously getting 3 movies for the price of one is Awesome! 3 movies on Fri. & Sat, &  2 movies the rest of the week. The Snack bar is way above your average movie theater fair. Of course there's over priced popcorn & Soda, but they also have pizza, hamburgers, corn dogs & hot dogs that are well under "average" concession stand prices. It's fun to watch the "pic-nic" set ups of others. I've gone before during gay pride week and parked near a Softball team that came in a fleet of mini SUV's  & had their own generator to support an array  of snack machines like a snow cone maker, cotton candy maker, and their own theater popcorn popper. AND THEY WERE HAPPY TO SHARE!!!So obviously along with the Movies & Food there is AWESOME people watching!! I highly suggest that as soon as the season opens (usually in late March or early April) put the kiddies in their PJ's load up your minivan with an outrageous pic-nic and hit the trail for Tibbs, you'll ask yourself what took you soooooo long to do this!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,6/25/2011,388,59,2,4,3>Want to get on the road to financial health? Step one: take some responsibility, write a budget, and spend less than what you make. Step two: close all your accounts at whatever bank you're a member of and deposit all funds at Forum Credit Union. The member-owned institution is actually invested in the health of its depositors, not in generating profits through algorithms designed to maximize overdrafts and the resulting fees. The staff at the east side branch is pretty stable and is super helpful and accommodating because, again, they actually care about the health and well being of the humans they do business with. I love my credit union and in the future, I will take any mortgage, business lending, etc. business to them. I can't see a reason to deal with any bank for any reason from here on out.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,6/24/2011,42,100,,6,4>Confession: I've got a BIG thing with lunch buffets, and Mediterrano did not let me down.  The hummus is like silk and the falafel had some amazing secret ingredient that just put it over the top (in a good way)!  Great as a vegetarian option, and they also have other very meaty dishes, so it's good if you are looking for quick, easy, filling, compromise lunch with some carnivore friends.With ample seating, it would be easy enough for a big group, but I wish that they had a couple of 2-tops since as a one person party (which I usually am during lunch), I felt guilty taking up a 4-top.Overall, an awesome lunch that didn't make me feel like a bizarre weirdo for being a vegetarian and eating til I burst!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,6/23/2011,7,4,2,3,4>My new favorite place. From the location to the atmosphere to the menu to the staff, everything is likeable. Drinks aren't cheap but they are made with superlative ingredients and made well. I'm a big fan of B&B's focus on bringing back the old school cocktails that this country was built upon. The decor is cool and the lounge area is quite comfortable. It's another great reason to hang out on Mass Ave.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,6/22/2011,15,280,3,2,5>Oh my stars, where do I begin? The S'more-tini? I polished that off in about three minutes. The ahi tuna salad, seared to perfection?The lobster bisque? It comes out first with the lobster in the cup and then the bisque poured over it so you know just how much meat you're getting (which was pretty substantial, especially for $3).The vanilla sweet potato fries? With marshmallow fluff to dip them in? Scotty's is very marshmallow-centric, and I ain't mad about that.The burger with Swiss cheese, mushrooms and caramelized onions? Il ordered it medium and I got it medium. The excellent service we received from both our bartender and our adorably perky waitress?Really, there's just too much to love about Scotty's Lakehouse.My only gripe is that everything is a la carte, which gets a bit expensive, especially when everything sounds and looks so good. Oh, and the buns are kind of mooshy (although it could have been on account of the grilled mushrooms and onions). But those are small gripes, as we live far enough away that Scotty's will only be a very occasional night out for us and will be worth every penny.(And how could anyone complain about a place serving only Indiana beers? I think it's pretty awesome that our little state is starting to hold its own in the world of microbrewing. The man got a New Albanian Smoked Porter and had to go back for seconds.)
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,6/21/2011,47,16,2,5,5>Parks are important.  Not only are they the beacons of the American neighborhood, they also speak for the livelihood and community-feel of entire cities.  Indy Parks supports some beautiful land that offers a lot to our great city, and Ellenberger Park is no exception. I recently found myself at Ellenberger Park for the first time and I was impressed.  The place offers a lot.  In addition to a lot of playground equipment (for kids of all ages), it has football goal posts, several tennis courts, a baseball field, a pool with some sort of an aquatic rock-climbing contraption (didn't try it but definitely curious), fire pits, grills, picnic areas, shelters, and a lot of free space to sit and chill in the grass.  When I first visited, the late afternoon sun gave the entire place a golden glow, beautiful.  This park carries the charm of a middle school playground (where tree carvings are par for the course) and the capacity of a sports complex.  Gooooooooooaaaaaalllllllllllllll!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,6/20/2011,16,38,,7,2>This restaurant is chic, modern, and fun. It's from Chicago and it has a city feel.  The service was great and the food was delicious.  Our table had a variety of items: calamari, drunk shrimp, betty's potatoes (Yum!) and a few other things.  Be sure to sample the house wine that is only available by dining at the restaurant.  It's 5 different grapes blended together to create a unique flavor.We've already made plans to go back.They also have a shop, tasting room, and specialty dessert counter.  I think this would be a great place for a group gathering because there is enough variety to please everyone!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,6/19/2011,33,7,6,13,13>I have to say I miss El-Morocco. There's something very nice about lounging on pillows, and having a four course meal prepared for you. I had gone to similar restaurants in Los Angeles, and I've been craving Moroccan food ever since El Morocco was damaged and shut down by fire! Thank God for Saffron Cafe. It's not the same as the lounge and eat style, but it's damn good. My bestie and I had gone as a lark around 8pm on a Saturday night not really knowing what to expect. The place was booked. It's a small establishment, beautiful to behold on the outside, and extremely intimate and cozy on the inside. There aren't many tables there, and I was informed by the host that they typically book up completely for Friday and Saturday by Thursday at noon! Obviously, there must be something drawing such a crowd to this place. We had to wait an hour and change, but we killed time effectively and returned at 9:15pm. This is the epitome of a family restaurant. The host was the mother-in-law of the chef. The intimate setting, and friendly atmosphere is reminiscent of being a guest in someones home. Hospitality is the watchword of this restaurant. The lamb kebab was to die for (especially with a bit of harissa (the Sriracha of North Africa)). The lamb tagine was fantastic. Even the falafel were superior to those found elsewhere. The b'stilla was delicious and just as I remember it from my other Moroccan experiences in Los Angeles. When I asked the waiter what was in something, he would call out to the Chef who would rattle off all the ingredients. No secret ingredients here! He seems all too happy to explain and teach about the foods he creates. Let me also state the following... as a baklava aficionado, I'd like to think I've had quite a few varieties and know which country's I prefer. The baklava at Saffron Cafe was hands down, the best I've had in my life. They weren't dense bricks, but light and airy. They weren't drowned in syrup. They were served *piping hot* and what really tied it all together were the sesame seeds inside. Oh, my God. The look on my friend's face when she bit into that baklava was priceless, and I'm sure my own mirrored the same. Transcendent, religious experiences can be found at your neighborhood Saffron Cafe. (PS. Also, the staff there are really conscientious about where you're parked, and will let you know the best place to be to avoid traffic citations!)
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,6/17/2011,122,723,,6,2>I fly a lot for work, so I've been through a lot of airports. I became well-acquainted with this one not only from my flights in and out but from my 6 hour delay one fall day. The airport is full of light and has many public art installations to beautify the space. It's not at all ugly like most airports are. There are quite a few local restaurants and shops there, like Patachou and Just Pop In. I like that there's a central food court before security and that there's also food throughout both concourses, like Wolfgang Puck Express. The concourses are connected by a walkway behind security, so you won't have to go through it again. This airport is just designed and laid out exceptionally well. The signage is very good.The restroom stalls are extra large so you can pull your rolling bag in with you, and there are hooks and shelves behind the toilet so you don't have to put your carry-on on the floor. Security is super fast because it's adequately staffed and its construction was integrated into the building of the airport. The security workers are also unusually pleasant. Most of my flights have been early to arrive and have departed on time. That one late departure was due to weather on the east coast. There's art in the parking garage, and there's a free "cell phone lot" for one to park in while waiting for their friend's flight to come in. The continuous loop around the airport with good signage makes it easy to navigate. The car rental process has been quite quick as well. I've heard the weird complaint from people in Indy that "so many of the restaurants are on the other side of security" (the post-security side) because citizens want to go VISIT the airport and have lunch there! Well, here in the Yelp reviews is someone complaining about where the central food court is, that is, on the pre-security side. No matter how hard you try, someone's not going to like it I guess. Even the workers in OTHER airports are aware of Indy's reputation for on-time and early arrivals and quick take-offs...I've heard them talking when they bring the luggage up to the walkway. This is a really efficient airport. I've rarely had to wait for my baggage more than 5 minutes and sometimes it's even been on the carousel when I've gotten there. I truly appreciate that this airport was built to enable usage of the old airport's runways, and with the intention of allowing future expansion onto this terminal rather than again building a new airport.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,6/16/2011,20,42,3,4,2>--but have you had their giant cookies?!?!  G-I-A-N-T. Peanut butter and choco chip. big chips. $1.50. WORTH IT.MISSION: caffeine & pastry. what to do when Calvin Fletcher's is closed, Taste is a crazy morning mess, and Rene's is clean out of all 3 varieties of my favorite croissants (almond, chocolate, and orange-- in that order)?ANSWER: beeline to Henry's.....an Americano & a homemade muffin Henry's LG Americano: $2.50 = 4 shots & a side of competent real barrista serviceStarbucks grande Americano: $2.55 =  3 shots (w/ inferior beans) & a side of nonchalant youth or frowny part time housewife or confused senior....... you do the math.Their regular coffee is also good. Don't doubt it bc you see them dispensing out of a thermos. this is coming from Ms persnickety french press lady. But okay, if you try first then decide it's not fresh enough for you they'll happily do a fresh brew. Muffins deserve a huge shout-out. There's nothing commercial or artificial about these baseball-sized muffins: they've got a bed & breakfast quality about them, subtly sweet and greasy in a good way, with soft, cakey light interiors and awesome crusty edges; cranberries and blueberries are big and plump and tart.  Just such a perfect honest and soul-satisfying package, you really do find yourself wanting to stop in each morning. Midday food: California sandwich & chipotle turkey panini-- soooo good the super cool & super inked and pierced Sandwich Maker Dude-- who obviously has admirable control over his reactionary nerves-- can't even help exclaiming to himself as he removes the melty masterpiece from the presser, 'DAMN this is an awesome fine sandwich!!!"Have not enjoyed their dessert panini yet but "nutella & banana"? "pb & marshmallow"?? daresay could be better than a crepe-- someone please indulge and confirm!  Jon A, I nominate you! take one for the team!!Also consider their cool bar counter seating at the orig East St location, great indoor & outdoor tables for group mtgs or indiv study, cute little bathrooms.  Friendly mix of regular patrons--strangers always happy to share tables if they are scarce, esp if you're looking for an outlet.Their website used to suck and be totally useless but now you can find the entire menu and addl info there.  Facebook blog too-- great daily updates on menu specials and other news.The only reason they don't get 5 stars is bc they aren't open 24 hrs. HA!PS- Skip the cinnamon rolls they are pretty much the weakest thing on the menu.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,6/15/2011,17,20,3,16,8>I love the Sinking Ship for a LOT of reasons, but the biggest reason has to be the diversity of people that visits this establishment. It truly is a come-as-you-are, no bs kind of place. I've seen all types of people enjoying this place from hipsters, to punk kids, to grandmas, really.  Please note this is a smoking establishment, so that may be a turn off for some. I really enjoyed a burger stuffed with blue cheese and bacon and also the corn fritters! There are a few other great looking stuffed burgers on the menu that I also look forward to trying. The stuffed burgers do take a little more time to prepare, so grab an appeizer while you're waiting.  Great variety of craft beers and also cheep beers. Grab a $2 PBR, or a 40 oz of King Cobra, or beers from Flat 12, Founders and more! A full bar is also available with premium bourbons, scotches, etc.If you're seeking a joint to grab a burger and brew without any attitude from guys that really enjoy what they do, give this place a shot. This will be one of those places where lots of worlds collide, but trust me that's a good thing!Just had to make a quick update to this review. I returned last night and had the Deutschland Damon. Wow! Seriously... who needs a reuben when you can have one of these! The Deutschland is ground corned beef, stuffed with sauerkraut and swiss cheese on a rye bun. Take a trip to Deutschland next time your at the Sinking Ship. You won't regret it!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,6/14/2011,23,52,3,8,3>This is a new spot on the corner of 10th Street and Bosart Avenue.  It's small but clean and inviting. The menu isn't huge but there is still something for everyone. The food is grown in the owner's garden, or freshly made by him- and I hear he's looking into other locally sourced items, too. The portabello sandwich that I had was on freshly baked bread with balsamic and onions... hand cut chips, too.  Sandwich/chips, $6.  Supposed to have a really great Sunday brunch but haven't made it in for that yet. French toast with port syrup sounds ah. maze. ing. I'll let you know. The East side of Indianapolis needed a place like this!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,6/13/2011,57,152,,4,2>The coffee served at Bjava is simply the best. Outside of that, there's not a ton to say!I went in to the shop, which is not too far from where I work (conveniently!) for a cup of coffee, and was pleasantly greeted by a great atmosphere and some kind help in deciding which coffee I wanted. Boy was it a treat! The coffee was brewed with a cone drip filter. I had never seen one of those before, but it piqued my interest and I'm considering buying one to keep on my desk at work. I do wish that there was a bit more ambiance in the shop, maybe some more couches or some more "coffee shop" -esque decor, but the lack thereof didn't hinder my experience in any way.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,6/12/2011,7,33,,3,2>We went to Tomlinson Tap Room last night and really enjoyed sampling all kinds of local and regional beers we wouldn't find elsewhere. No, they don't serve food, but you can bring food in with you or order it in from elsewhere--we had Bazbeaux's deliver a cheese pizza and some cheesy bread right to our table. Our bartender was friendly and helpful, and the live music last night was great, too. Oh, and the new parking meters downtown made it much easier to find close parking, since you can get a two-hour spot now. Plus, metered spaces are free after 9:00pm.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,6/11/2011,22,30,3,6,4>Mr. Lee is awesome! He did an amazing job with alterations for my wedding dress. I went in for an initial consult and two fittings. He has a great eye and is a "Master Tailor". I would highly recommend him for any alterations, from basic hems to complex alterations.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,6/10/2011,185,178,5,5,4>Would you like to have a delicious made-to-order crepe?(Uh, yeah)Would you like this crepe to be topped with your choice(s) of fresh local greens & vegetables, a variety of juicy meats, eggs, natural & aged cheeses and homemade tantalizing sauces?(Well, yeah!)Would you like this crepe to be expertly tri-folded and tucked into a cardboard cone so that you can take it to go?(Yeah yeah yeah!!)And, just a suggestion, would you like to take this beautiful, savory, delectable creation upstairs and pair it with a fine Indiana craft pint?(Hell's yeah!!!)Hey, don't  forget to come back later for a sweet dessert crepe!(Right on, yeah!)
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/28/2010,6/9/2011,64,79,5,6,5>Food was good.  Atmosphere was poor.  The place is almost entirely open with high ceilings making for a very loud eating experience.  You hear the TV's, kitchen staff, other patrons, children.  I did like the food and the atmosphere may have been ok if I were better prepared (aka had less of a headache).
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2011,6/8/2011,69,64,4,4,2>Stopped in here for a fast bite while waiting for my daughters at Canterbury Manor Stables. I've driven by here at least a few hundred times and I felt it was time to test it out. I guess for mainstream "Chinese" cuisine it was ok. Server was very pleasant, but he drug his feet while he walked which drove me nuts!! That said we ordered somewhat mainstream. Wonton and egg drop soups where average. Sweet & Sour chicken which was surprisingly good. It came out piping hot and nice and crispy not soggy. I ordered the Korean Calamari extra spicy. This was nice. It had green and white onions with a little Kimchi cabbage. Sauce was good but it tasted like the actual squid was cooked over one of those pupu platter flame thingies!! You know that sterno flavor! It kinda killed it for me. All in all I think if you are interested in mainstream "Chinese" cuisine and you stick to ordering that here you will be just fine.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,6/7/2011,23,71,5,5,5>I haven't been here in several months but felt compelled to write about it anyways after a discussion at a Yelp! event with other Yelpers.Looking for cheap 40's? Looking for oddball discount wine? Looking for eclectic beer sales, tobacco, candy, lottery tickets, or Faygo? This is your place!They carry wine and beer only, just to get that out of the way. Most of their beer selection leans towards the blue collar varieties, but often they get in pallets of random specials. For example, one time when I was in there they were selling cases of Shiner Bock (case of 24, not 12) for $12.99! I remember taking it to the front desk, asking if the price was legit, getting a gruff response like "What the hell are you talking about?" and bought my first case. I proceeded to buy five more for friends.You might not always find what you're looking for, but the random finds make it totally worth checking out. And as a side note, a 40oz of Schlitz Red Bull for $1.49 is totally a good deal. :-)
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,6/6/2011,69,176,,4,3>This is one of my favorite places to get rib tips! It's a scary area as there is always something involving the police going on around it, but the rib tips are AMAZING! Do not let the location scare you. It's a must venture to place in Indy. King Ribs use to be my go to place for rib tips in the city but after discovering this place I definitely say this is number 1 place in Indy for barbecue.  Plus,  we take a lot of friends here and love it that we can introduce them to Heaven itself :)  I usually get my sauce on the side so I can taste the scrumptious meat that has been grilled perfectly.  The people are really nice. The way to spell it could be barbecue, bbq, or their official way: Bar-B-Q HeavenThey sell lottery tickets here too which is kind of weird.  There is only a small area to stand to order behind what looks like bulletproof plastic. They only take cash and it is a little pricey but so worth it.  They also sell neck bones, pigs feet, chili, bologna, chicken, rib, sandwiches, sides(collard greens, corn on the cob, baked beans, mac and cheese, cole slaw, potato salad) and dessert (sweet potato pie, chess pie, pecan pie, cheesecake).  The meal comes with 2 sides and bread.  Their hot bbq sauce is very tasty too! Corn is just frozen on the cob and they heat it up for you as you order, so nothing special.This location is open late night til at least 1am but  2 or 3:30am some nights!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,6/5/2011,38,55,14,4,2>I had a pretty good time at the Brockaway Public House. Although, it was a bit surreal. There were some high points, and some low points, but overall I had a good time. But wait, maybe I should 'splain...If you check out my review for the Stacked Pickle, you'll see that I was there with a drinking buddy who was looking to score. Well, he ditched me at Stacked Pickle for a ladyfriend, and so I wandered down to Brockaway Public House for a pint. It wasn't early when I got there, but it wasn't way late, either.Upon entering the establishment, there was a large group of folks in the 40-60 age range sitting at a big table and they had obviously been partying for a while. One of them, a rather portly guy, was wearing a small crown on his head. No one else at the table had any sort of costume or regalia on, and no one was shouting "Happy Birthday!" or "Long Live the King!" - he just had a cheap, plastic crown on his head. I noted this, but having lived for six years in Athens, GA, this was nothing. I made my way to the bar, and sat about one seat away from another guy, and more or less in front of the taps. There were two or three bartenders (mostly female if I recall) and I got the impression that one or both of the bartenders were a bit hammered. One young lady spied me, asked what I wanted to drink, and I ordered a Guinness. She rang it up, but then she disappeared - I mean, was gone for a while. I watched the other bartender make the Guinness, and then my beer sat there. For a while. Finally the guy who made it said, "who's Guinness is this?" and I said "I reckon that's mine, but the young lady who took my order is gone." He nodded and slid it to me. I drank three pints of Guinness while surveying my surroundings. Drunken older crowd up front with crown; table of six women and two men in back, all hammered, and guys obviously looking like they macked on a "girls' night out" crew. The guy that was one seat away from me also seemed to know a guy who was one seat away from him, at the end of the bar. Suddenly, one of the women from the "girls' night" table stalks up to the guy near me, and starts whispering fiercely in his ear. I get this vague sense that they are a couple, and it is clear from their fevered whispering that they are more than friends -- there is some jealousy on the wind, it seems.Angry girls' night out girl wanders off, and I kind of glance at the guy next to me, because I've just heard a healthy dose of his business. He smiles and shrugs, and introduces himself, and we chat for a second. He finds out I'm a college instructor, and he reveals he's a Ph.D. in Microbiology (or something very scientific) and I guess he works for one of the large pharmaceutical firms and he confirms he does but won't name which one, etc. We talk geeky academic stuff for a few minutes, and then my phone rings. Remember the drinking buddy who left me at Stacked Pickle with a ladyfriend? Yeah, he's calling. Ladyfriend is psycho - is hot for him, but won't go to her place (her ex is watching the house, she claims) and won't go to a hotel room (she knows all the front desk people and they'll tell her co-workers, or maybe her mom...), and so after making out in the car with her, he tells her this is ridiculous, and kicks her to the curb. So now he's calling me to see if I'm still out and drinking.So, he joins me at the bar. Before he joins me, there is this other guy about three seats down to my right, and he is clearly friends with the bar staff and good buddies with one of the female bartenders. I quietly drink more Guinness while waiting on my friend.He arrives. We switch to liquor. Microscientist dude has started talking in earnest with the guy at the end of the bar, and I more or less figure out that girls' night out crew got crashed by some or all of their boyfriends, and these dudes at the table sort of moved in on the drama trying to pick up some angry chicks, and the guys at the bar were trying to act like they didn't care. Yeah, I thought I was in a grown-up bar, too, but apparently it was "act like you're in high school night." Did I mention that these people had to be in their 30s?Did I mention the plastic crown? Yeah, okay, just checking.Anyhow, me and my buddy are drinking liquor and he's telling me about crazy, paranoid ladyfriend. We are officially drunk at this point.The guy who is three stools down and knows the bar staff kind of chimes in on our conversation, and begins to chat with us. All I can recall at this point is that this guy cannot be for real. If I remember correctly, and I'm not sure I do, he was ex-military special forces, a medical doctor, had been blown up or shot on his tour of duty, and maybe saved a bus load of orphans from a meteor strike, one-handed.At this point, my drinking buddy and I look at each other, bust out laughing, pay our tab and just leave.The Brockaway Public House? Like a trip down the rabbit hole, my friend, and my name ain't even Alice.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2010,6/4/2011,140,444,5,3,1>I went today for lunch.  I don't have a lot to say.  The atmosphere was mellow and "brewpubery".  My mom ordered the chicken club on black bean and salsa bread and I had the spicy steak salad.  Both were good....nothing that I would crave again.  I thought my steak was a little chewy and overdone but it was still not horrible.  I think it was priced a little high ($10 for a salad) but our service was fine and they kept my tea refilled.  We were in and out in under 40 minutes, which is pretty good.  Nothing spectacular.  I wouldn't go out of my way to get it again, but if I were in the area, I wouldn't turn my nose up at it either.  There were tons of menu items that looked worth giving a shot! :)  Wow, this review was BOR-ING.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,6/3/2011,13,98,2,2,2>I had passed this place a million times in my day and for good reason.  Well two reasons really the first being, I don't really dig coffee...  I do however drink tea, hot apple cider, things of that nature but generally speaking such places are busting at the seams with cling on stalker type boys so I'd rather make some tea at home and save myself the headache.   But circumstances as they were I've twice landed at this location in about a months time and I have to say the crowd is surprisingly there to actually drink their beverages, read their books, enjoy their friends and not just lurking.  I've never felt so safe in a coffee house before.  Forgive me for forgetting the fancy names but I've tried the Blueberry tea which was FANTASTIC!   I've also tried the Spicy Peach tea which is spiced up with ginger and I have to say, despite my love for ginger I was unimpressed as I really didn't taste peach and I've been experiencing an insatiable peach craving.  This is not to say that the tea wasn't delicious just that perhaps it is in need of a name change or a peach boost.  But what do I know?  Doesn't matter, I'll be back and order it again, but not before I try a few others on the menu!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/2/2011,180,775,5,6,4>It has been a while since I've been to Sam's...what was I thinking?!  After stomping through 6 inches of snow on the towpath for 10 miles, I had worked up quite an appetite.  What to have that was filling, inexpensive, fast, and tasty?  Of course, a Sam's Gyro Sandwich!I split the tasty treat with my daughter and despite my appetite, half a sandwich did the trick.  I'd love to try their lamb kabobs sometime when I feel like dining in.Not the most elegant place to eat, but this being Broad Ripple, totally forgivable.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,6/1/2011,149,388,5,10,13>A person I knew from Chicago once said that Indianapolis is nothing more than an, "Overgrown country town." His reasoning was because Indianapolis only had a few tall buildings and no mass transit similar to a bigger metropolis like Chicago. But the more time has gone on, and the more craziness, lack of government accountability, and rampant corruption in Chicago, I'm glad that Indianapolis is NOTHING like Chicago. In Indy, residents can afford to live a decent lifestyle at a lower wage. One can live in areas free of crime at any income level. One can also appreciate that the city's roads and highways were planned long ago. Some very wise people realized that growth happens, and it is a good thing to lay out the city plan decades (and almost centuries) in advance to anticipate the growth. Indianapolis Positives: 1) Easy to get around. It is easy to get anywhere in the city from just about every place in less than forty minutes, and any type of venue that you need in less than twenty (i.e., a mall, a shopping center, downtown, etc.) And since the city is laid out in a grid with several through streets (and direct downtown streets in a starburst pattern) it is easy to find an unfamiliar place with quickly. 2) Traffic congestion is minimal, even at rush hour. Since the roads were built with ease (and speed, this is a racing town) as top priority, traffic flows during most good weather, summer construction excepted. Traffic flow seems to be very important to the city and the INDOT, so state highways and freeways are constantly evaluated and modified to meet future needs. 3) Lots to do - especially for families! The White River State Park was transformed to a destination with the Indianapolis Zoo, White River Gardens, Indiana State Museum, Eiteljorg Museum, Canal Walk, NCAA Headquarters and Hall of Champions, and the Congressional Medal of Honor Memorial. Now the green space is used by the city as a point of tourism. There are so many restaurants downtown. And, again, since the city is laid out in a grid from a central circle (plus some "wheel spoke" streets fanning out from center out) it is extremely walkable, so much so that parking is really cheap downtown. The Indianapolis Children's Museum IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD. Every travel magazine says the same thing: The Children's Museum of Indianapolis is like no other world class attraction. Also, Connor Prairie is as unique as anything you'll find in the Midwest, plus wonderful parks (Eagle Creek, Fort Ben, Garfield Park and Sunken Gardens) and pools, and water parks in the city. 4) Mass Ave. and Broad Ripple: Great restaurants, eclectic art, wonderful shops and captivating entertainment in these small historic sections. 5) Abundant shopping areas and world class shops. 6) Awesome venues for sports: The Natatorium at IUPUI has been the best swimming venue in the world since it opened. Conseco Fieldhouse has been quoted by NBA broadcaster Bill Walton to be "the finest basketball venue in the nation." Lucas Oil Stadium will host the Super Bowl in 2012. The Indianapolis Colts are a perennial powerhouse. Hinkle Fieldhouse is the probably the greatest basketball venue ever built and home of the great Butler Bulldogs. At the time it was constructed, it was the largest basketball facility in the world for almost twenty years! 7) Superb hotels and convention center. The brand new JW Marriott, Marriott center, and expanded convention center are open! Plus Hoosier Hospitality isn't just a slogan, but a way of life! 8) World class racing: Indianapolis has the Motor Speedway, and several other tracks around the city and state. The 500 is the greatest spectacle (party) in racing! There are some negatives. Not every city is perfect. The public transportation is essentially nonexistent so that makes for bad public air in the summer. The nightlife, although improved in recent years, is pretty lame. The city has been improving bike lanes usage, but it is still far behind most cities that started these initiatives in the 70's. Indianapolis also lacks a lot of cultural districts and local venues (as opposed to national chains which dominate.) The local media is decidedly right-leaning in its bias and is a poor political watchdog. Indy also lacks a world renowned landmark. However, what Indianapolis lacks in unique brand name recognition, it excels in world class people and service. In larger cities, it might be advisable to not "look like a tourist," or one might get a cold shoulder (or taken advantage of) when asking for directions. In the Indianapolis, not only will tourists encounter initial friendliness when approaching total strangers, but once they have been recognized as from out of town, a whole new level of kindness will greets and wishes them well on the travels through the Circle City! In Indy, there is the best kept secret on earth: Genuine, hospitable people hosting wonderful, world class attractions!
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,5/31/2011,29,129,1,6,5>Chef jj's rules!!! Our company had a Christmas party there last dec 09, I had the best time, they cook everything in big green eggs :) the food was awesome , all cooked and prepared right before your eyes , the freshest ingredients and seasonal too, chef jj even prepared a vegan dish for my partner and I, everyone from the office seemed to enjoy the food and atmosphere also, I tip my hat to jj and staria, good food , good people, and Awesome service!!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,5/30/2011,111,194,7,4,5>On my way to visit an old friend who is also a Waldorf-y mother to a five year old.  Needed a gift that the kid would love, but didn't think anything with plastic or blinking lights would fly.I went over to Mass Ave Toys, where the cheerful Kay, understanding my criteria, instantly proffered more than three ideas which would totally work for both kid and his earth mother!I walked away with a very cool German-made wooden car set, beautifully wrapped and festooned with pipe cleaner bows.  Bingo.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,5/29/2011,59,320,2,3,5>Recess is ALMOST the best meal I've ever eaten. Almost.I was surprised when I called 3 days in advance for a reservation and got an 8:30 timeslot. Wow... busy means something.The menu is perfect for me. I have analysis paralysis when it comes to extensive menus. We made it even easier by just telling our waitress that we wanted whatever wine pairing they recommended.The night we went there was actually a selection of courses. They had two choices for each I believe. I chose the sea bass for my entree. They had run out of pork loinThe highlight of the meal for me was the second course, which was the Chef's choice. I got to try a bunch of things I've heard about - pork belly, tongue, head cheese. It was awesome. I truly appreciated the adventure.The bill was spendy, but oh so totally worth it.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,5/28/2011,68,56,,3,2>If you were a fan of Scholar's Inn at this venue before Mesh, you won't be disappointed. I've been there several times now and have had a great experience all around.First off, they've redecorated and reconstructed. It's more open and inviting and tastefully done. The service was wonderful and friendly. The menu was so interesting I wanted to try everything, but I got a steak and it was so good. The table also got the chicken lollipops and it was great too. And, kinda fun!I've been taking business partners to lunch there, just because it is such a nice place, with good food and great service.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,5/27/2011,75,186,,4,1>The first time I came here the coffee was bitter & so I was reluctant to go back. When I did finally venture back in, my cappuccino was pretty tasty & strong enough. I also got some vegan carrot cake which was pretty good as well. I'd be willing to go again.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,5/26/2011,44,102,2,4,2>Sitting here on this snowy Saturday afternoon, thinking about the hot grill with sizzling meat in the center of the table at Mama's Korean restaurant.My mouth is still watering thinking of it.I had the beef bulgogi and my son had the spicy pork bulgogi. Both dishes were delicious and the assorted condiments (accoutrements) were as good as main course.   Actually, my son may have enjoyed those even more than the main dish.  He loved the smoked squid and the little tiny fish.  He is a more adveturous eater than I when it comes to fish and seafood.  I quite enjoyed the various pickled vegetables, particularly the radish dish, which is odd, because I typically don't care for radish.The service was incredible, particularly considering the size of our party, as we atteneded with the Yelp International Supper Club.My son ended his meal saying "This is the most fun meal I've ever eaten."
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,5/25/2011,78,198,,4,3>This is a really good pizza.  I live within sight so when I want to get some carryout while watching football it is a great choice.  Their toppings are good, especially the spicy sausage, and the Datsa Pizza (their version of a supreme) is a really good value.  The brush their crust with garlic butter, and I am of the opinion that garlic butter makes pretty much everything better.  I love Bazbeaux, but when I'm in the mood for just a good traditional pizza, this is my first stop.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,5/24/2011,165,152,3,4,4>My favorite pizza in Indy. Beer ain't half bad, either.Upon visiting Thr3e Wise Men last weekend, I was fully prepared to not like it. Crowded and noisy, my party of four waited an hour and 15, even though we were told the wait would be less than an hour.Got seated with another group of four at one of the picnic tables. I'm not a fan of dining at picnic tables.We ordered beer and regular breadsticks. Stix came out quickly, but were stuffed - not good for the vegetarian in our group. We waited... and waited for beer. When it finally arrived, after we'd pretty much devoured our stix, I could've sworn my blonde was actually a wheat. After all this, I wasn't growing any fonder of the place.Then came the pizza. Delicious.Got it with garlic and basil. Crust was great and slightly sweet, cheese was amazing (apparently partially local.) Sauce was nice - sweet and a tad chunky.Left stuffed and happy. Came right back the next weekend. The place is consistent in its quality: was just as delicious again, with less of a wait (though still busy at 5:45 on a Friday.)The beer they brew is terrific. And though this isn't the kind of place you'd want to go for a special occasion or to sit for a long time (too loud, too close to your neighbors, too many TV's, and too hard of seats), it still deserves 5 stars for the pizza and consistency. And in spite of the uncomfy digs, I dig it - with the wood (pine?) walls, antler coat racks, and boisterous vibe, the place could fit into a big ski village like Park City. Too bad there are no mountains around here to go with the snow we have now.The place is still being fine-tuned: I saw that they offered free breadsticks with a Foursquare check in, and I confirmed this with a server. Then our server told us it was only for carryout.Oh well, still worth paying for. And waiting for.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,5/23/2011,265,331,,6,5>I love this museum! Get treated to a personalized walking tour through the mansion that was home to our 23rd president, Benjamin Harrison. A recent restoration of some wallpapers, moldings and carpets are beautiful. The home just received a commendation from the Victorian Society in America for their recent work. The book case in Harrison's library is one of my favorite things--supposedly created by the craftsman on trade for Harrison's law services. The house is well taken care of and loved and has a wonderful staff. The 3rd floor exhibits are always top notch. If you are even nominally interested in history or politics, or a combination of the two, you should definitely stop here!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,5/22/2011,134,221,6,9,4>Fusek's is kind of a throw-back in that it's a manageably-sized and amply-staffed hardware store with a decent selection of goods. What?! There's actually someone there to help when you need it?! You don't have to push a button and wait fifteen minutes for a guy who may or may not know what he's doing and is probably going to be in a sulky mood either way?! Fusek's is more like your small-town hardware store than your big box construction supply warehouse. In the past I've gotten keys made and picked up random items here and was always pleased with the service. This weekend I took on a painting project and had to stop in three times for supplies. They were so nice I almost didn't feel stupid for that. Bonus: there's free popcorn in the paint section.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,5/21/2011,37,164,3,3,4>Okay, yes, it's a greasy spoon. But it's exactly what you want a greasy spoon to be. It's small and if you sit in the right booth you can tap the grill cook on the shoulder to remind them to add pickle to that burger but you also get to watch your food being prepared.The dishwasher took our order (I knew he was the dishwaser because the place is so small you could help him spray off dishes from your seat if you wanted.) I had the pancakes. I don' t need no stinkin' short stack, I wanted the full stack. Oops. As I watched the grill cook pour on four ladles of batter once and then again for the second pancake, I knew I was in trouble. These are LARGE pancakes. Delish - crusty on the outside soft like a muffin on the inside. But when the fry cook started out on pancake number three I knew I was defeated. Short stack next time.My friend had a burger and an order of their sour cream fries. They're like home fries with the skin on and coated in something sour cream-y and then deep frieds. Served with ranch dressing for dipping or drizzling. The burger and my breakfast sausage were taken out the cooler so they're not fresh from the farm in any stretch of the imagination, but they were good.The fry cook did not wear gloves when handling the cheese to put on the burger which I think is a health code violation. Any germs on their hand would not be cooked out of the cheese that was added at the last minute.A couple cops came in to eat while we were there, which I took as a good sign.Since Peppy's is open 24/7 and I'm a night owl, I am sure I'll be back
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,5/20/2011,210,195,3,9,5>Finally!  I was almost sure this place would never open!  Unfortunately I was not able to be an early investor as I really never have an extra $150 laying around, but they did it!  Wonderful selection of Vegan/Vegetarian products and fresh produce! I did notice a deli as well.I did join at the register as they offered a $25/monthly installment plan which makes it much easier to become a member and enjoy the benefits. I thought the prices were very reasonable and I can't wait to make this my regular grocery shopping spot.Highly recommending for anyone living in the downtown/near eastside area looking for healthy food options!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,5/19/2011,133,150,3,6,5>I attended the Naptown Roller Girls Punch Bowl bout against Fort Wayne at the Pepsi Coliseum on January 15th.  My first time at the roller derby and I had a great time!  The girls are very passionate about their sport, the bout was exciting, the crowd was really into it, and they serve Sun King beer!  Good times to be had by all.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/12/2010,5/18/2011,6,23,4,5,2>I had a coupon for the Brewhouse Sports Grill in Zionsville from the Entertainment book. So I thought I would try them out ... Nope, the Brewhouse is gone and is now Oobatz.The decor is mostly upscale but there are videogames in the back of the restaurant.  The inside of the restaurant has 20 foot ceilings, there is a stainless steel bar and there is ceramic tile behind the bar.  There is also upscale, comfy furniture in the outdoor patio.  Half of the restaurant was blocked off for lunch.My Mozzarella and Tomato sandwich ($9) was good but the Asian Cole Slaw was Purple and so-so.  The service was poor, no asking to see how my food was, and no thank you.  The beer selection is above average with eight drafts on tap including Goose Island IPA and Fat Tire.The location is a bit out of the way in Zionsville but "kids eat free for Monday Night Football".  This strip mall restaurant is a combination upscale, Italian restaurant and a restaurant for the kids.  Humans can have multiple personalities, can restaurants have multiple personalities as well?
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,5/16/2011,45,59,1,3,5>This place has it goin on! The tasting room is an intimate room with benches lining the walls, awesome recycled shopping cart chairs and eclectic music always humming away in the background while you enjoy the hoppy flavors they are concocting. Its magic really, the American Wit is amazing and the Pogues Run Porter...it's so delicious you just want to take a bath in it. We were there Friday evening and met Steve who made sure we were comfortable and having a good time. Everyone there has been extremely nice and very excited about their brew, which is really contagious. They now have a permanent truck parked right out in the lot by the new brick patio offering grilled pizza's. Didn't have one on Friday, but they looked delicious. Definitely check it out. SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BREWERY!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,5/15/2011,49,205,3,5,4>I confess this is a review on only their Biergarten as I've never bothered trying their food and typically only drink their beer.  Granted the beer is pricey and the rock floor makes walking a challenge in heels but the atmosphere outside makes up for both.  The music is great.  I love the picnic tables as a way to keep things casual.  And having a partial view of the Indy skyline is the icing on the cake.  Go beer!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,5/14/2011,63,46,4,9,5>This place is authentic as Chinese food can get in Indianapolis.  When you go in you must ask for the Chinese menu.  There is even a handwritten page on the back that has no English on it that I was able to order some dishes from. I would highly recommend trying the same. (Just tell them you want a surprise!!!) I ordered the Dan-Dan Noodles, Mala Rabbit Dice, Pig Ear with Chili oil, Tea Smoked Duck, Mae Hai Co Ro (I definitely got this name wrong), and finally a spicy chicken dish. I have had the Mae Hai Co Ro at other places so I asked them if it was available to which they pointed to the back handwritten page.  This peaked my interest so I said that I just wanted something spicy off that page as well. This request resulted in the spicy chicken dish.The Dan-Dan Noodles were a hit among the table.  This is definitely something that anyone will like. I also found it funny that it was in a section of the Menu labeled Snacks.  This is what Chinese snack food is like!!The Mala Rabbit Dice was smothered in wonderful chili oil and topped with peanuts and scallions.  This sauce is kind of what I was hoping to find on the Pig ear dish.  The sauce that ended up on the pig ear dish was much lighter but it really left room for the texture to be the focus.  The masterful use of texture in authentic Chinese cooking is something that no other cuisine can match.  The tea smoked duck was rich and had just the right amount of smoke flavor. I have had dishes before that were probably smoked a bit too long in the tea leaves but they really hit the mark with this one.The Mae Hai Co Ro was awesome.  It is a dish where they take a fatty part of the pig and put it in a bowl fat side down and smother everything in a delectable sauce.  Then they put in a leafy vegetable that is some sort of fern.  Then the bowl is flipped upside down and roasted in an oven so the fat drips down on everything making it to die for.  Their flare on the dish was to surround it with bok choy. The Spicy Chicken dish (the name of which I can not remember) was the most authentic Sichuan dish I have had in Indy by far.  First off it had Sichuan Peppercorns in it.  They called them "flower pepper" which I guess is the literal translation of the Chinese word huji. If you have never had these they have a unique taste that will sort of make the back of your tongue tingle while enhancing other flavors. I have only had this ingredient show up in a 2 other places in the US but it was used all over the place when I was visiting the Sichuan Providence. Other than that the dish had onions, jalapenos, and dried red chilies. The staff was incredible. I usually have trouble talking about ingredients and the preparation of dishes with the waiters and owners of Chinese places but they were more than accommodating. Ohh man you have to go here. This is the best restaurant in Hamilton County hands down.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,5/13/2011,179,458,5,7,2>I know what you are thinking..."Four stars MJ?  Are you kidding me?"  Hear me out, ok?  Here's the deal.1) $1.50 parking for 3 hours in downtown Indianapolis.  80% of what you need is walking distance from one of the many circle center parking garages.  *They really need a tunnel to Mass Ave and Shiparos to make it 100%.2) The tunnels!  Let's face it, the city is COLD in the winter.  You can walk from one end of the city to the other with out stepping a food outside.  That's cool.  I wonder if they stole that idea from IUPUI?3) Shopping is 3 stars, they don't have everything you nee, but the Restaurants! Again you can walk to MANY fine dining establishments from Circle Center.Circle Center has lots of potential.  The fourth floor has lots of space that could be utilized.  The theater could use a face lift.  I think it can and will earn that 5th star with some work!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,5/12/2011,12,58,3,2,2>I love the nickle plate. The other day, my love handed the keys of his stick shift car and asked if i'd drive to the Nickle Plate - he recently taught me to drive it. We made it safely to the restaurant without me killing the engine. As a reward, I ordered a nickle plate burger, no bun. They don't have a gluten free menu and if you are super sensitive, i don't recommend it, but for me, there isn't a better burger out there. The waitress made an effort to check the labels of the spices in the kitchen, which made me feel a bit safer and made up for the chilly reception from the hostess. Upon leaving, i handed the keys back to my love...turns out the other reason he wanted me to practice driving was because he didn't remember how to get there.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,5/11/2011,123,216,,6,7>Not yet open for business, my husband and I were excited to be invited to the brewery to sample their first batches of Pale Ale and Porter and take a look at the facility.  The Pale was very good; very hoppy, but drinkable.  The owners and brewmaster are all very friendly and are very energetic about the new brewery, their beer, and the Fountain Square neighborhood.  After our small taste of what's to come, we are definitely thirsty for more and can't wait to see this place up and running.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,5/9/2011,71,190,3,4,2>I work within a stones throw of the Eiteljorg and like hitting up this place for a southwestern style meal that I can walk to without getting my car out of the garage.  The Buffalo Chili is my favorite dish and I love the big chunk of cornbread on the side.  You can kick up the spice level with Cholula hot sauce or keep it on the mild side.  I'm also a big fan of the nachos (big enough to split) and the pulled pork sandwich is really good for museum food. Is this a great restaurant?  No, but it is a nice place for lunch when you're tired of all the usual places!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2011,5/7/2011,89,180,2,3,1>The Alley cat is your quintessential dive bar located in the heart of college bar row in Broadripple. Aptly located in an alley just behind the other bars, the alley cat serves cheap, good drinks in a dive environment. The beer selection is good for the type of bar. They serve more than your typical american lagers. The level of smoke does suck quite a bit if you are not a smoker. The bathrooms are a bit dirty so if you're someone that is afraid of touching something that looks a little dirty, you'll be sad. The bar also only takes cash and their ATM located inside has been known to be a little fussy. I just make sure I have cash already before going there.  Tip: the best place to try and order a drink is at the little opening in the bar at the apex of the bar.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,5/6/2011,14,127,,3,2>What a fantastic evening! Dan and I had a big night out on the town this past Friday and it started with an amazing dinner at The Eagle's Nest. We had reservations for 5:45 and we were seated upon entering the restaurant . We were promptly greeted by our waitress, who told us all about the restaurant, the menu and answered questions we had about the wine and beer list.  Dan went with an Amber Ale that is brewed in Greenwood (he enjoyed his beer alot!) and I ordered and glass of the Clean Slate Riesling (my new favorite wine as it is not too sweet and not too dry!). As for dinner, Dan ordered the Chicken Cordon Bleu and I ordered the 9 oz. Filet Mignon. Both entrees came with mashed potatoes and asparagus which were both delicious. Everything was cooked perfectly! The chicken was juicy and had a great flavor, the steak was cooked to a perfect medium and was oh so tender. Honestly, this was the best steak I have had in a very long time! Overall, dinner was great, the view was amazing and service was top notch. Unfortunately because of the high prices, this restaurant is somewhere that we could only go for a very special evening out. It definitely helped that we had a Groupon coupon for our meal!!!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,5/5/2011,23,22,,4,2>They say good things come in small packages, and at 14 West fine dining comes in a small, intimate setting.  Chef Tracy Lemmonds presents beautiful, well-crafted dishes, while the elegant atmosphere and service round out the dining experience.From the appetizer menu, my table enjoyed Sesame Crusted Ahi, Tempura Battered Calamari, and Lobster Mac-n-Cheese--three distinctly different dishes that represent the somewhat eclectic menu.  The rare Ahi was complemented by a wonderful combination of flavors and textures--spicy, sweet and salty flavors of mango, wasabi and soy glaze with the crunch of sesame seeds and tender, toothsome soba noodles.  Yet despite all the flavors and textures, the steak-like rare Ahi was still the star.  Without question, the calamari was the best I've had in recent memory.  Too often, calamari is overcooked, giving it a rubbery texture.  But this was tender, and I liked the combination of the asian-style tempura batter with the tangy apricot chipotle sauce. The Lobster Mac was everything macaroni and cheese should be.  Think rich, creamy and decadent, then add perfectly cooked lobster claws.  And just try to save room for the rest of your meal!From the second course offerings we chose the Iceberg Wedge Salad and New England Clam Chowder.  The wedge salad was more flavorful than most, with a Maytag bleu cheese dressing that had an assertive dill flavor and a garnish of chopped red onions.  Personally, I loved the combination, but some at my table thought it was a bit much.  We could all agree, however, that the chowder was excellent.  The texture was just slightly less thick than traditional clam chowder, but no less creamy, and it had a wonderful smokey bacon flavor that while noticeable, did not overpower the sweetness of the crab.When the Lobster Rabini entree arrived at the table, I was worried that the flavor would not stand up to the magnificent (although phallic) presentation.  I had nothing to worry about.  Tender lobster tail, jumbo shrimp, sherry caper sauce.  What's not to like?  Nothing.  It was perfection.And although the presentation of the Lamb Shank (locally grown at Viking Farms) was less elegant, it was no less impressive.  There's something about a huge plate of bone-in meat that just makes you want to put your face in it.  But I managed to show some restraint and use my fork (no knife necessary, this was fall-off-the-bone tender).  The lamb is accompanied with a corn risotto that really works with the strong wine and lamb flavors.The Chilean Sea Bass was the only disappointment of the evening.  Although the menu says "seared" it was battered and fried.  What a terrible way to treat such a lovely fish!  It tasted fine, but sea bass should never be "just fine".  I did enjoy the complexity of the red wine risotto that it was served atop, however it was slightly undercooked.  Another minute or so in the pan would have created risotto perfection.Of course no meal is complete without dessert.  If you read my earlier post about Tavern on South, you know that I have very high standards when it comes to sweets.  14 West did not disappoint.  The carrot cake with Grand Marnier frosting is quite simply the best carrot cake I've ever had.  I would challenge even carrot-cake haters to find fault with it.  The creme brulee was traditionally prepared and had the perfect not too thin, not too thick texture.  And our server even noted that it was my birthday and dressed the plate accordingly.For superior service, great ambiance and impressive food, I give 14 West on overall rating of 4.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,5/4/2011,93,73,3,4,4>Pearl Street is a favorite place to name as an evening or lunch spot: despite its great pizza, so few people know of the place that people almost always become impressed with me when I introduce them to it.I've had fun trying the Not-Just-For-Dessert pizza.  I love ordering the garlic-butter dipping sauce as one of the sides for my breadsticks: because its not actually on the menu and because I'm so excited about the sauce, I usually get it for free.  (Oops, my secret's out.)  Finally, I love the music selection's that the bartender puts on for us whenever I'm there with friends.  Now that Summer Shandy by Leinenkugel's is on tap, I'll be heading over there even more, especially on Tuesdays when I can get it for $1.00.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,5/3/2011,5,18,3,18,2>The synopsis:  Face is a low-cost spay/neuter clinic located on the far north east end of downtown's Massachusetts Avenue. Their goal is clear-to lead the fight against pet overpopulation.The rundown:  We were initially very skeptical about the quality of care at such a low-cost clinic.  We called the clinic to ask for more information. the woman who answered the phone was very happy to explain the clinic's mission and to reassure us that our dog would receive excellent care. She put us at ease, and we made an appointment for the following Monday.What to expect:  We received a reminder call for our appointment the day before, which I appreciated. Drop off time was between 8am and 9am.  We showed up around 8:30am, and joined the end of the line for check-in.  The line was nearly out the door.  It was a traumatic entry, as we were greeted by many wimpering dogs, nervous owners, and the aroma of urine from all of the nervous animals. Unsettling, yes, but we powered through, as we were greeted by friendly staff upon check-in. Each dog was given a letter (each cat a number) and you are called in for surgery in the order that you checked in.  In our case, we were "Dog Z", so we waited for about 60 minutes before it was our dog's turn. After they called us, we were taken back to a room where a friendly veterinarian gave our dog a quick exam, injected her with a sedative, and took her into the kennel area to await her surgery.We were instructed to head out to the main area to pay for the service, and we would pick her up between 5:30pm and 6pm.  By the time we left, we were feeling quite confident in the clinic's process.  It had a sort of "well oiled machine" operating procedure which was comforting. The Cost:  Our dog's spay cost us $30, which was extremely reasonable, as compared to many of the veterinarian's office prices that we were quoted during our research.P.S.  The check out process was much quicker than the morning drop off.  The odor had been cleaned.  It was much nicer to see happy owners being reunited with their groggy pets. We were instructed on how to provide proper care at home.All in all, I was very satisfied with our experience and I would definitely recommend this clinic to a friend.  Also, I'm interested in donating to this cause after seeing first-hand the good work they're doing.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,5/2/2011,23,124,4,2,4>So you hear "chicken and waffles" -- you're not sure what to think...I vote you try it out.So you walk in...you're still not sure what to think...I vote you wait (and it could be a hot minute).So you sit down and open the menu...and you're still not sure what to think...Well, at this point, just close your eyes and point to a random place on the menu; odds are, you'll enjoy whatever arrives.Personally, I'd like to thank Maxine for offering Indy "a taste of love in every bite." The menu is an eclectic mix of relatively southern-themed fare that sometimes just hits the spot like nothing else. You can eat on the cheap -- five menu items for $5 -- bring the kids, and sample the incredibly wide array of Maxine's kitchen -- everything from salmon bites to chicken salad to the signature dish: a waffle and three giant, golden fried chicken wings. The menu includes pretty much everything from breakfast, lunch, and dinner.Bottom line -- if you don't leave satisfied, you probably didn't order.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,5/1/2011,195,303,3,4,4>Finally!  Finally an American cider that isn't fortified with shit-tons of sugar!  Even the draft cider that was described to me as being the sweeter of the two, was dry!  I want to swim in a sea of New Day cider. No joke.Anyhow, besides the amazing draft cider, as the name meadery implies, they also have mead.  Before coming here, I had only had mead from Oliver Winery, so I made the incorrect assumption that I didn't like mead.  They have many varieties of mead, including fruit flavored ones (I recommend the plum).  The last time I was there, they had a blueberry mead on draft and it was excellent.  Soon they are going to start offering growler fills, which I am very excited about.  I also appreciate that they source everything locally - both the honey for the mead, and the apples for the cider.  They also sell the honey, and a few other local food products, in their tasting room.  The staff is super friendly, and clearly enjoy teaching people about their products.To summarize - yay cider!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,4/30/2011,67,72,2,2,2>The taste realm for fro-yo is not super extensive, so as far as fro-yo can go Yogulatte does it right! Free samples and multiple choices? Sweet. You can find what you like without issue; that is, if you can figure out the high-tech controls of the yogurt dispensers (I'll admit... sometimes I have trouble.). Don't pass over the Hubbard & Cravens ("latte") part of this joint. It's as good as any other Hubbard & Cravens cafe. Also, tried and true: Very Berry smoothie (the tartness is balanced with Blue Bunny ice cream, I think).Watch out for: the huge cup size! (That almost sounds inappropriate.) They get you by giving you a 36DD yogurt cup, which compels you to fill the bad boy up with heavy yogu and toppings. Be careful because you'll fill up fast and be out $4 even faster.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,4/29/2011,122,38,4,5,3>Food was great and they have great decor.  Coming from living in Chicago where there are some amazing india restaurants I was a little thrown off by the strip mall location.  I'm used to a great little restaurant like this hidden in a corner or along the street with great outdoor seating.  I do have to say the service was spectacular, but to note we were the only couple there because Indy folks are scared to death to venture out during Snowmagedan (3"to5").  But to our delight with our Indy natives/neighbors boarded up in their homes for hybernation for the winter we were able to enjoy some delightful service along with some amazing recommendations.  It was almost like I had my own little Yelp Elite private party.  Unfortunately I didn't have my Elite Yelp lunch box to put our leftovers in.....Hint...Hint.  Would encourage anyone new or seasoned to India cuisine to check this gem out.  Compliments of El Conquistador
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,4/28/2011,10,92,2,5,4>I love Invoke - the atmosphere, the people, the practice, everything is exactly what an urban yoga studio should be. The prices are fair, the space is the biggest you'll find in the area, and the instructors are outstanding. In fact, many of them participate in other ways in the community to better Indianapolis through local food, charity work, or other great causes. They're very in touch with the city, and the studio itself is in a great prime downtown location in a very old building. If you're considering yoga or looking for a new place to practice, you should definitely give Invoke a try - there's a great basics class right now, Ahna, Laura, and Eric's classes have been favorites, and Amanda's classes are almost always my pick because I enjoy her challenging ashtanga inspired practice and grounded attitude toward yoga in general. I also have done some workshop and events, like Valentine's Day partner yoga, yoga to a live DJ, and New Years Eve class - there's always a unique offering.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,4/27/2011,57,115,1,8,7>I love going here for lunch and so does everyone else I've taken. The best vegan item at the eatery counter, IMO, is the veggie burger with rice vegan cheese on it. It sounds brainless, but there is something about the way they cook it that I've never been able to replicate at home with the exact same ingredients. I can hardly resist the piña colada with extra strawberries either, (my favorite smoothie). Everyone is very nice, they seem to remember me from visit to visit.As a grocery store, they generally have the stuff I want, and I appreciate that they are not warehouse sized ala whole foods. I'd rather have a 10 minute grocery store trip than a 45 minute grocery store trip, but that's just me. Also, the store is full of locals and local flavor, as opposed to, again, a whole foods type place where the parking lot is filled with SUVs from all the various 'burbs. It makes me feel like a stakeholder in this wonderful little mom and pop shop; like it belongs to our neighborhood.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,4/26/2011,150,96,,3,3>I am so glad I work on the west side. May not be the best area, but the choice of cuisine is fantastic. Los Chulaquiles is just my latest endeavor. I ordered what the name told me, the chilaquiles. This dish consists of a sauce on top of homemade tortilla chips. Don't think nachos though because this is far beyond that. I got mine with chicken mole pablano. I thought the mole tasted weird at first, but that was only because all the other moles I had had before were just not this good and authentic. The homemade salsa and tostada shells they bring out were great minus alittle too much fry on the shell. The salsa quickly covered that up. The side of beans were as good as I have had. This will not be my last trip. Sad though because there are 100s at the McDonald's next door and a gem like this has only 2 tables filled. Drop in and try it yourself!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,4/25/2011,56,63,,5,2>There aren't a ton (okay, like, no) vegetarian entrees on the menu, but when I asked the waiter he told me that they had a delicious vegetable fried rice with mushrooms. And delicious it was! This wasn't any regular fried rice you'd get at your favorite hole-in-the-wall chinese place. This fried rice was loaded with red & yellow peppers, green onions, carrots, green beans, mushrooms, and maybe something else I'm forgetting. It was delicious and a serving large enough for three for only $7! My boyfriend had the chicken in garlic cream sauce and he ate the whole thing. Potatoes fried to perfection, chicken cooked perfectly, garlic cream sauce heavy on the garlic and the cream.This is a must-try for anyone venturing out to the west side. And here's a tip - the fried sweet potatoes are only available on the weekends as they're one of the restaurants most popular items. I learned this the hard way...
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2011,4/24/2011,63,377,,4,1>Though not as cool as the Bloomington location, it's not bad at all.  I came here on a Wednesday night (for 1/2 price drinks) with my girlfriends.  Pints of their drafts ranged from $2.50 for Kilian's to $3.00 for Stella Artois.  I decided to be adventurous, so I got one of their "famous" 32 oz. Long Islands for $5 bucks!  The food was pretty good, though it was hit and miss in some areas.  We started off with their breadsticks.   Definitely a must!!   Yeah they were a little greasy, but who doesn't like gooey cheese and pepperoni stuffed into dough??  Second appetizer was the "loaded taters."  LIttle did I know how huge the plate would be.  For $9.25, we still had a huge take-home box for later.  Third app...fried pickles.  They were ok, I've had better ones.  These were too salty.And for entrees... I got the "Chopped Salad."  Good, but overpriced for 9.99.  It just didn't come with all that much, but the meat was good.  I was excited about the "housemade ranch."  It seemed pretty tastless when it was tossed into the salad.  Perhaps, it would've been better on the side.  Second entree, was the half a pulled-pork sandwich.  It looked like there was a lot of meat on there, but most of it was just fat, according to my friend.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,4/23/2011,24,97,2,7,3>Grand Opening!So, everyone heard about the sad news of El Rodeo being burned down, and I was very sad  because there were no other mexican restaurants around the area (besides Taco Bell).  Just as I was mourning the loss, Cancun opens their doors!  They are located in the same shopping plaza as Tulip Noir and Sawasdee Thai Restaurant by 86th Street and Ditch Road.This is my second visit, and it's consistantly good.  The decor is quite pretty and makes you feel like you are in a nicer more upscale Mexican restaurant.  It's even date appropriate!I ordered a chicken quesadilla the first time, and there were fresh veggies with nicely grilled chicken strips.  Very delicious.  Today I ordered a speedy gonzalez with soft chicken taco.  The chicken was moist, tender, and juicy.  The enchilada was also good paired with the mexican rice.The best part is still the chips and salsa.  The salsa has a spicy kick to it and makes you grabbing more and more.  They actually provide every individual with their own bowl of salsa, so YES YOU CAN DOUBLE DIP! :)  Service is pretty good.  Everyone was very friendly and accomodating.  It's definitely a great new addition to the north side.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,4/22/2011,63,307,,3,3>I love the Red Lion. The owner, Wally, is usually around on weeknights when I've been in, and he is fantastic... really makes you feel good to support a local business when such a nice person is behind it!The chicken tikka masala- an English curry- is my favorite dish, and they also make a tasty homemade meatloaf. Have been there several times and never had anything I didn't like. You won't leave hungry.If you are a fan of blue cheese dressing, make sure you try it at Red Lion because it is homemade and divine.If you are curious to try out Red Lion, check out their Facebook page because they are always updating it with daily specials, etc: facebook.com/pages/IndiaOh, and like any good grog house would, Red Lion has a nice beer selection.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,4/21/2011,66,229,4,4,7>I'll try to keep this brief.... After all the recent hype reviews on here, I had to give this place a shot for lunch today. My colleague and I hopped in my dirty slush covered truck and made the voyage to Tortas Guicho Dominguez el Cubanito!! I ordered the Luis Miguel torta which included smoked pork, chorizo, and cheese. I ordered it with everything. They brought out two salsas and some jalepenos (and peanuts!). My dumbass devoured the entire thing very quickly. It was huge. I should've slowly enjoyed it, but it begged to be gluttonized. Hot damn, this was an amazing lunch. Hype well deserved.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2011,4/20/2011,60,75,,7,1>Finally! An entire restaurant dedicated to Thai food on the West Side!!!! These were my first thoughts. I even waited patiently (maybe impatiently) for it's grand opening. I damn near stalked the place waiting for it to open. So, finally I had time to stop by this weekend with my one and only true love. Here's the run down"Environment/surroundings/decor: there's a few tapestries on the walls, but nothing spectacular. The walls are white (or some bland/boring shade of it) which isn't typical for a Thai restaurant. It's pretty small. I'm guessing 20 tables, maybe? Probably less. It's pretty cramped, as they have clearly attempted to make the best of a small space. In addition, there are tables DIRECTLY in front of the door when you walk in. A huge turn off for me personally, especially in the frigid cold of January. Service: decent. We were there on a Saturday afternoon when it was fairly busy and we still received refills and our food came out lightning fast, which leads me to what you really want to know about. Food: mediocre, at best. Do yourself a favor and skip the appetizer soup. It's quite offensive smelling and tastes even worse. I ordered the yellow curry with chicken, a classic in Thai cuisine. I was not impressed, nor was I appauled. The base was as thin as water and tasted like the ever popular coconut lime soup that is popular in many Thai places. I ordered it medium, and the spice was perfect. My partner ordered a noodle dish, the name has escaped me. However, she ordered it hot and WOW did she ever get what she asked for. It was ridiculously hot!!! As a side note, it appearsed and tasted as if the spice used to light her mouth on fire was crushed red pepper. Strange.Overall: decent. I'll go back and give it one more chance. The true test will be the pad thai.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,4/19/2011,24,131,4,5,5>It's typically a pretty mind and taste bud blowing experience when I go here. First my one qualm, they run out of Triple de Ripple far to regularly for my liking. But out side that I can spin a beautiful tale of epicurean magic from fibers woven out of the most incredible duck sandwich, unbeatable frites, legendary beer and enough mussels to bench press the titantic. My first draw to Brugge was born from my love of shellfish. I sought out the mussles of which I had heard great tales. I have to tell you friends, the steam pots of the flavor intense little buggers are the things inspiration is born of. It was clear to me this would be the one thing I would order exclusively from Brugge, so many flavors I had to try. But alas one evening my attention was drawn to the sandwich section I had discovered a decadent duck dish that changed my culinary life! The fresh compote that gently coats the foul is the key to a door that leads to the promised land.When you add in a glass of Triple De Ripple and the frites and sauce you can't really do much better in Indianapolis as far as I am concerned. I reccommend the sweet chili sauce, the horseradish sauce and ALWAYS the poplar mustard.This is one place where service does not even play into my equation, as long as someone brings me my food, I am happy, I have no comments on the service, honestly because I never even pay attention to anything but the food.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,4/18/2011,83,36,7,8,9>I thought my hair was getting a bit unmanageable, and being new in town, I don't know of any local barber shops or hair stylists. Thankfully there is Yelp, and for a long time it has only helped me find places to stuff my face. Today though, it helped me find this little gem of a place.All the great reviews are well deserved. Jack's is a small shop on the 2nd floor of the City Market. Keep looking, because it's there, if a bit difficult to find. It's a cozy place with an old-style barber shop feel to it. Once you set foot inside you'll be cheerfully greeted by Brenda. She was a joy to interact with, filled with great stories and tips.While Brenda was busy with another customer, in walks Kelly, another piece of joy that filled the place. She was the one that took me into the chair and took her scissors to my head. Kelly asked me what I wanted, and was able to very easily grasp the look I was going for. She was attentive, and very careful, making sure to clear any big steps with me before taking them. She took her time and took note of the little things about my hair, and adjusted her strategy to suit me. It all lead to a great haircut and an experience that is second to none.Not only was it great to finally get my haircut the way I liked, but it was wonderful to make a few new friends. I don't think I've ever had a cut this enjoyable, so Jack's Barbershop is definitely a place I'll be coming back to again and again.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,4/17/2011,27,127,6,4,4>What better way to try out a new restaurant than a Groupon coupon!  I local retailers who do Groupon!  The kids and I ventured to Broad Ripple, on a lovely Wednesday afternoon!  My daughter ordered the grilled cheese (as usual), and my son ordered a hot dog plain (as usual).  I ordered ribs and split them with the kids!EVERYTHING WAS GOOD!  The french fries were on fire!  They were so good!  We all loved them.  Sometimes, we can never decide on one restaurant we all like - but this time we all found our favorites.  We all shared and sampled each others food and found everything to be so tasty!Everyone cannot cook ribs - that is a fact!  But I will definitely be back for these fall of the bone ribs.  I didn't even have to smother it in bar b que sauce to make it taste better.It is somewhat pricey, but it was a great meal and definitely something out of the ordinary.  We'll be back despite the Cubs motiff throughout the place.  Go Cards!!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,4/16/2011,30,79,,7,6>I love, love, love Euphoria and am thrilled that such a great restaurant is in Naptown! First off, the building it's in, Buggs Temple, is just beautiful. The exposed ceiling rafters and stained glass windows give the space an impressive drama, yet the lighting gives it warmth. Our waiter was very helpful and conversational - the kind you tip generously because he helped make your night more enjoyable. And wow, the dinner I had here was one of the best in my life! The cheese plate, the 3 unique entrees my parents and I shared, the dessert - all out of this world! The menu changes often so I'm definitely going back to try more of this euphoric food!
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,4/15/2011,153,144,,4,2>Pearl is tucked in the back of a little strip mall area next to a grocery store. It is a bit confusing to find if you are not familiar with the area. Parking was easy and you enter the restaurant from the side door.I met friends for lunch, the place felt inviting when I walked in, this was a good sign! The bistro was not busy at all, and that was a shame! The menu was not huge and I like that, I get overwhelmed with menus that have more then 10 items. What was offered was fresh and classic w/ a bit of a twist. I enjoyed the Bistro BBT as a splurge and it was nicely done.(The shrimp and Grits are on my radar for a return visit)One of my lunch buddy had the Bistro Melt and asked that it be made with goat cheese and was accommodated. It was excellent! THe owner was our server and she was perfect, she did not hover over us, but made sure we had everything we needed.Looking forward to another visit at dinner!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/14/2011,109,103,6,6,5>The 4 stars is more for the sunset view than the food. It's rumored that the seafood is flown in fresh everyday...since I eat little to no fish (I'm a beef farmer's daughter) I can't honestly say if it's good or not.  I will say the best tomato bisque I've ever eaten I've had at Rick's.BUT if you've got a first date or anniversary on the horizon between May & September, check out the sunset time on the weather channel and book a table on their deck for 45 minuets before the appointed time, and your in there baby, your in there!I've sat on their deck watched sailboats glide, seen smelly fishermen pull up to the pier & walk up a few steps for a beer, and have had a blue heron glide 6 feet over my head to land and fish for his own supper about 15 feet from where I was enjoying a rum soaked cocktail.The party deck is elbow to elbow every Friday & Saturday night during the summer, good spot for the over 30 single.  I often take out of town relatives here and even in the winter the view never fails to impress.A better view is tough to be had in all of Marion Co.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,4/13/2011,388,59,1,6,6>People love to knock ICM, but the reality is that it's only a matter of time before Americans are forced back from suburbs into denser urban environments and beautiful, historic buildings like the City Market return to their rightful place as centers of civic life. Stop by for lunch (sandwiches, soup, Mediterranean, pizza, etc), produce, or a beer at Tomlinson Tap Room, and check out the Wednesday morning Farmers Market during warm months.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,4/12/2011,19,103,,10,3>We went to the soft opening of Garuda Indonesian Restaurant today.  We had the opportunity to sample many of their dishes and they were delicious.  This was my first experience with Indonesian food and I can't wait to go back to try more dishes.They open to the public later this week.  For dinner initially, but the plan is to be open for lunch and dinner.Garuda is a great addition to the Indianapolis locally owned restaurant scene.Check Garuda out.  You'll be happy you did.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,4/11/2011,42,100,2,3,2>Nom Nom Nom Nom NomWhile I know that I can get carried away with my love for all you can eat lunch buffets, the one here crosses over into infatuation.  Because it's AWESOME.A ton of vegetarian options, the hot curry sauce is spot on.  I don't particularly recommend the spinach dish, but there are more than enough veggie and meat entrees to choose from.  Attentive service too.If you love Indian food then you need to be here!
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,4/10/2011,16,38,,4,3>My mouth is watering while I'm writing this review.  Shapiro's is a must for anyone who lives in Indy or who is visiting.  It's a very simple restaurant with great quality food.  The sandwhiches are Huge!  The meat is sliced right in front of you and piled high with the trimmings of your choice.  I also recommend the mac & cheese. Don't leave off the dessert!  It is worth extra calories.  It's going to be hard to choose so if you are with a group get a couple of different ones and share.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,4/9/2011,84,58,,7,5>I have never had Peruvian food before Machu Picchu, so I hope you will keep that under consideration.  I went here for lunch with another foodie friend of mine.  We had a really hard time deciding what to order glancing through the menu, the pictures made us want to try a lot of things.  It was a good thing we had our mind set on ordering the ceviche before we even stepped into this place.  I just love the idea of dressing seafood in lime juice and I heard this place had a killer ceviche.  We also decided on the Parihuela de Mariscos Bouillabaisse, the picture looked so enticing with all the seafood falling out of the bowl.  We figure we should get another item since the ceviche was just an appetizer.  We went with the Arroz Chaufa de Mariscos base on it's description "shrimp, octopus, squid and mussels served with fried rice", you can never have too much seafood.After putting in our order they brought out the equivalent of bread and butter, but it was actually bread and a bowl of green dipping sauce.  Wow I love this green sauce, it tasted like a concoction of ranch, mayo, and different spices.   I could eat that stuff all day but I had to stop myself since we had more food on the way.  It was good thing I did because the Machu Picchu ceviche(their most popular ceviche) arrived on a huge plate.  The ceviche was quickly followed by the other two items and they were all huge.  Do not think it was huge because of fillers they gave us plenty of proteins.  Let's get down to the it...the food!  The Ceviche Machu Picchu was excellent.  It was very fresh, light, and flavorful.  I like that they use fresh fish and you can tell the fish was raw and they cooked it with the lime juice.  Again you just cannot believe how much proteins were given to us.  The plate of ceviche was pile and pile of shrimp, squid, octopus, and fish.  They also included 4 large mussels, corn, and sweet potato.  After eating the ceviche with so much kick of lime juice I expected the same from the bouillabaisse.  I was expecting a rich flavorful broth, and I did not get that exactly.  The broth was very simple and a tad salty, but nothing really exciting.  I guess the huge serving of seafood made up for the lack of flavor.  Again I have never had this before so I can't really say it's not authentic but I'm just not a fan of the taste of the broth.  By the time we made it to our last plate we were both extremely full.  We sorta misinterpreted the Arroz Chafa de Mariscos, we thought it was assorted seafood with a SIDE of fried rice.  It turned out to be fried rice with assorted seafood.  We both were not a fan of fried rice to begin with so we did not make a dent at this dish.  However, the fried rice was cooked really well and they gave us a lot of seafood.  Machu Picchu deserve 4 stars...the ceviche is great, the green dipping sauce is addicting, the portions are huge, and there is no skimming on the proteins.  I went back again wanting to try their roasted chicken but they ran out, must be doing something right.  Will be coming back again and again for sure!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,4/7/2011,130,709,2,5,5>With acknowledged redundancy...the shrimp cocktail at St. Elmo's is the signature food item for Indianapolis, for Indiana and perhaps much of the Midwest. The shrimp are cooked perfectly. The sauce has large flecks of freshly ground horseradish that provide a significant "jolt" to the sinuses. The physical reaction, I believe, releases endorphins and is therefore highly addictive - I know I've experienced episodic flashbacks anyway?!? The presentation on ice with four saltine crackers and a lemon wedge is classic. Maybe its just that its so visually stimulating...I don't know. I just know the whole experience is a rare and beautiful thing...anyway...where was I...oh yeah...One of my favorite things in the world is to go to St. Elmo early - say around 5PM and sit at the bar with good company and enjoy a shrimp cocktail and some nice wine - just one of the good things in life.As far as the steak - some of the best around - really. But for me, its small traditions that set St. Elmo's apart. Its been around for over 100 years and some things just "are". For example: + all entrees come with your choice of tomato juice or navy bean soup - I don't ask them why, so don't ask me. I just accept this a the way it is.+ The bread basket always has this cheese encrusted bread that is to die for.+ The bone-in cowboy ribeye is their signature steak.   + The waitstaff all wear white shirts and bow ties - many have been part of the establishment for years.Gotta be the classiest steak joint I've ever had the good fortune to visit.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,4/6/2011,122,723,3,4,4>I feel like this is supposed to be a review of the FairGROUNDS, not just the fair. So...off we go.My family attends the Boat, Travel, and Outdoor Show each year, and we've always been able to park close enough to leave our coats in the car. Parking is only $3. The facilities are quite good, and they set up heated corridors between buildings so that even if the weather is lousy, you still won't get wet or freeze walking from hall to hall. What is there? Well, you can climb all over a bunch of boats, walk around in RVs and travel trailers, view motorcycles, bicycles, kayaks, and a bunch of other stuff, and pick up information from a variety of vacation destinations and outfitters. There are also shows such as Twiggy the Waterskiing Squirrel, Dock Dogs, and lumberjacks. There are hands-on areas where you can try out a mountain bike, SCUBA diving, or kayaking. The deals there are great, and not just on big ticket items. We bought some Patagonia socks and a bike bell for 20-50% off regular price, and we also bought some South Bend Chocolates and alligator jerky. I've attended roller derby there (lots of fun) and also Indiana Ice games (ok, but I come from an area where hockey is a bigger deal). If you're into NHL games, you might find the Ice games a little slow paced, but it's still hockey and unfortunately the pickins are slim in Indiana. Both the derby matches and Ice games offer various discounts for certain games, which can make it a pretty affordable thing for families to do. There is a small per-car admission to the fairgrounds, as well as the admission tickets to the event. I've even gone to the winter beer festival, which was a lot of fun, and to the Oktoberfest at the fairgrounds. I am from Ohio...so the Oktoberfest was LAME to me. But then, I'm comparing it to Cincinnati's, which is the largest in the world outside of Munich. The Germans here just don't know how to throw a party like the ones in Ohio do. In a lot of ways, the Brewers of Indiana Guild Winterfest is more fun than the summer one in Broad Ripple. The lines are shorter, there is no sweltering heat, and parking is MUCH easier. The fair is great. The BEST day to go is Tuesday, when admission, certain food items, and certain rides are only $2. It's a huge bargain, and the portions are smaller (human-sized, not giant-sized). The $2 "taster" items are smaller, but I like that because I can kind of graze and not feel like a grease-beached whale out in that heat because I just ate a 3 pound something-or-other. I love to sit inside the Pepsi Coliseum and listen to the organist play during the draft horse shows. My 3 favorite foods at the fair are Sati Babi (near DNR area), roasted corn, and Wisconsin fried cheese (near Hort. building). The fair is a lot of fun and it really does have something for everyone. Be on the look out for the $2 dates, and also the free admission tickets in the newspaper. Taking a ride on the soy-powered tractor shuttle is totally worth it, even if it's only to scout food and people watch. You can easily ride your bike to the fairgrounds on the Monon Trail (free bike parking). The north entrance is located just off 42nd St, east of College, and there is easy parking-much of it shaded-at the Deaf School. It really beats parking in the hot dusty infield, in my opinion, and the line isn't as long to get in. There is additional fair parking on the south side of 38th St. and within the fairgrounds off 42nd St. near Keystone.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,4/5/2011,20,42,6,8,3>So Bonge's is like, so friggin way out there in the sticks they ought consider renaming themselves "Boonies Tavern". You couldn't happen upon it if you tried. the best way I'd describe it is it's as if Dorothy's twister wrapped itself around Harry & Izzys, stripped off the starched whites and crap attitude, and unceremoniously deposited it in a mini-barn/cabin in the middle of, well, nowhere. and then strung multi-colored xmas lights around it. AS IF that would help you find it easier.That said, this place is solid. You will eat well, and unless you are anorexic, you should leave happily full. The menu is short but isn't that a positive. Usual suspects-- definitely visit the website to view the chalkboard of standards-- and call ahead day of, say around noon-ish, and Mr. Chef himself will answer and tell you the special(s) of the day. Most of what I would say in terms of describing the dishes has already been said, so i'm just here to confirm it and add my appreciation to the consensus. Let me be clear, this is not cutting edge or nouveau cuisine-- this is competent straight forward Americana classic stuff. I think its best menu/fare equivalents in the city would be along the lines of H&I, 14 West or Stone Creek Dining Co, taken up a notch. Would budget $30-$40 per person, drinks not included.I've never enjoyed the climactic suspense of waiting 2-3 hrs for a table but people definitely come prepared-- coolers, chairs, music, space heaters, etc. I'm sure all that waiting enhances the ultimate prize even more. They do also have a mini-vestibule with heaters where the unprepared can squeeze together and make the best of the wait.Service is stellar. Friendly, welcoming, swift. My only suggestions are in the finer details that would compliment the competency of the entree. For instance, they need better quality flatware. Real steak knives to cut your meat with. and fresh pepper grinders at each table would be awesome too.It can get loud inside. Like, deafening loud, esp if there is a large group taking up 4 tables put together. So please don't even consider bringing a colic baby with you to add to the din. Really not necessary.Drinks menu-- eh, not so much. Wine--eh. well you brought your own, right? It's ok-- you're there to eat. Bonge's is a unique experience to plan and be had.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,4/4/2011,23,52,2,7,5>The nice open floor plan makes it easy to find friends, it's a smoking bar but it's got good air circulation and hasn't been overly smoky which I like.  Haven't tried the food yet but look forward to it. Cheap drinks are another great part of the deal (rum and coke $3)- this sinking ship will surely sail smoothly into my regular rotation of favorites!  I rarely want to venture to broadripple these days, and now I don't have to! Added hilarity : bathrooms labeled "Als" and "Pegs" with appropriate faces of the Bundys. Nice touch.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,4/3/2011,57,152,,5,3>If I had to sum up Saffron Cafe in a short phrase, I'd tell you that you have no idea what you're missing in life until you've dined at Saffron Cafe. My girlfriend and I (my official yelp co-pilot) had our anniversary dinner at Saffron Cafe, and it was every bit as special as anything I could have ever put together on my own. The food... The food!! It is SO good! Our waiter started out by asking us if we were vegetarian, and we said yes, at which point he made several great recommendations (imagine that!) of things we might enjoy. We both ordered couscous (she, the Couscous Royale, and I, the Couscous Tfaya) and were blown away by the amount of great flavours in the dishes. They were cooked just right, had just the right amount of spice and presentation, and made great leftovers, to boot! For appetizers, we had the Antipasto plate, which had a little bit of hummus, zaalouk, and bakoula served with pita bread, and each one was so delicious, I ended up finishing them off with a spoon (which may or may not be the best way to eat them... just saying). Our wine went perfectly with the meal, and to finish dinner off with some baklava... I couldn't have been happier. You have no idea what you're missing in life until you've dined at Saffron Cafe, trust me!!
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,4/2/2011,185,178,6,6,5>Wow, there are already several well-written positive reviews on Yelp for Tomlinson Tap Room.  But, I need to voice my feelings for this establishment.  I am 100% smitten with TTR.  I love that they are located in downtown Indy and I really love that they are located on the second floor of the ultracool City Market Building. The beertenders are friendly to converse with and smart & knowledgeable in their profession.  The everchanging list of Indiana craft draft beer that is offered is truly amazing.  This place is one-of-a-kind.  Not to mention being able to purchase growler fills on almost every beer on tap.  And, the last great selling point in my opinion is that when the public voiced a concern for later operating hours and cheaper seasonal beer pints Tomlinson Tap Room listened and reacted to the customer's advantage!  I repeat, I am smitten and just a little bit in love with TTR!
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,4/1/2011,64,79,5,5,5>The first time I walked in Hedlund's I was greeted with several friendly faces all trying to answer my questions (which were not communicated in hardware lingo) and help me find what I needed. After loosely explaining why I needed everything the 3 men found the perfect items to save my moving day! That said I have returned several times and the same has occurred. My questions are answered and the employees patiently put up with my circles of questions and crooked expressions.  Great group of people available to help.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,3/31/2011,37,101,,6,1>I popped in here late one evening with a friend for dinner. I've been trying to reacquaint myself with some of Indy's ethnic cuisine, and I've always had a taste for Vietnamese. Fortunately, Viet Bistro didn't disappoint. My friend and I ordered the soft spring rolls as an appetizer, and the vermicelli noodles as our entree.I've gotta say, it's refreshing to find spring rolls that aren't deep fried into oblivion and actually have fresh veggies in them. I enjoyed them quite a bit.The vermicelli was pretty good too. I'm used to it being served in a broth rather than dry, but it was still pretty good. I got the pork, my friend got the veggies. A family friend of hers is originally from Vietnam, and she commented that the food was pretty close to what she would have at their home, so I think that's a pretty solid thumbs up.The food was tasty and the service was good. We were actually stayed a little past closing, but we were never hurried or rushed. All in all, a great experience if you're looking for some good vietnamese food, or just a break from your regular take out chinese.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,3/30/2011,69,64,4,7,4>I walk in and the gentleman at the counter asks, "Are you ordering for here or to go?" I said, for here Then he proceeded to tell me he couldn't take my order because all the tables were full. I kind of laughed since I had never been told I couldn't order before. I told him I would make a deal with him. I wanted to place my order and I would place it to go. If a table opened up by the time the sandwich was done then he would plate it for me. Deal!! I ordered the Cuban with chips and a diet coke (hey gotta cut back somewhere)! It came out just as a table became free. I must say this was probably the best Cuban I have ever had. The pickles are house made as are the chips. I love homemade crispy salty chips and that is exactly what they were. They also make their own hand cut and seasoned fries. I was told, when I asked about the chips, that the chef was Puerto Rican. I raised my eyebrws gave them the nod and said WOW! but I still can't figure out what that has do with the chips and fries! The little bit of chips that came with my sandwich made me want more, so I ordered a side of chips and a side of fries to test them out! Good thing I cut back with the diet coke! The fries were great the chips were great, the sandwich was awesome and I got a chance to sample a little of their soup which I believe was a tomato something and it had a nice flavor and a little spiciness to it. I will definitely be back because this is a great little place!!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,3/29/2011,23,71,2,7,5>Decided to check this place out after hearing about their German buffets and a great deal on Groupon.  They have really friendly service and the place is quite the hoot to look around. Definitely has that old-man social club feel. But I'm OK with that. I like it. The dining room is actually smaller than I expected, but I was surprised to find that they have a large deck for summertime beer drinking. The inside is non-smoking, but the owner mentioned that you could smoke outdoors in the biergarten, which would be great for cigar nights! Their tap selection is a bit limited, but they try to always have at least one German beer on tap. They have a nice selection of bottles to choose from. Note that to drink, you'll need to be a member. Limitation of their license.They get their sausages from Claus' German Sausages and Meats in Fountain Square. How about that for local!   Love the sausages, the red cabbage, the potato cakes, and the pretzel is a MUST order.I've been twice now and will definitely be back. It gets pretty crowded for the Wednesday night buffets and on Friday/Saturdays. Try going on Tuesday or Thursday.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,3/28/2011,69,176,,8,4>I love the children's museum and always will.  No matter how many times I come here there's always something new that I didn't notice the last time. Coming to the museum kind of reminds me of my younger years and how we went on so many field trips as a kid here.  The water clock, the merry go round, and a few other things stay the same but the other exhibits change throughout the years! My last visit, I just realized I knew the Museum well enough that I really could give a tour to first timers.  Hmmm... ? Scary. I am so happy it is not too far from my house and also so happy they offer 1-2 free days almost every month!  This gives me a chance to go for an hour or two each visit and focus on the one or two new exhibits at the time as well as briefly looking through the others to make sure I didn't miss anything the last few times.  Everyone that I have brought to the museum has loved it as well.  The dinosaurs (inside and out) really give it the wow factor.  There is parking garage with ample parking space that is FREE!!! Take that CHICAGO ($17 just to park)! As cheesey and educational as some of the movies are in the planetarium, I love going there. Note that as soon as you get to the museum you have to go to the lower level and try to get tickets as they do run out of room quickly. There are different shows at different hours so you have to get tickets (they are free) to the one you want to see.  There is a place where you can play old atari and nintendo games like ping, pac man, super mario brothers, etc... as well as tic tac toe, connect four and a few other board games.  It brings out the kid in everyone including my 30 year old boy friend and even my parents :)Another section has a huge chess game you can sit and play. So many things are great for photography props and it is so neat to watch the (non rude) kids really enjoying, learning, and appreciating each of the different exhibits and areas.  There is really something for every age group here.    I have nothing bad to say about the museum except the patrons.  Sometimes the kids are so rude or ill-behaved - but that's their parents fault not the museum's.   In December we were fortunate enough to get to volunteer here for the gifts of Grace program and watch as the museum impressed me even more with their generosity. I love that they are so active in the community as it is located and surrounded by not so nice neighborhoods and not so appreciative people. The carousel has a lot of history to it and I love watching kids enjoy it mostly for the first time! So many interactive exhibits.  I encourage you to come, relax, enjoy.  Don't be in a rush or think you are too old or too good for anything there or you will be the one missing out.  Don't forget to watch the clock as it changes to the next hour. To understand how it works is amazing and to watch it work is even more amazing. don't miss the slide also that they have for Christmas each year.  There is no age limit to who can go down the slide! :)
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2011,3/27/2011,38,55,2,6,3>The Friendly Tavern ain't so friendly, in my experience, but it's a great place to eat. I've visited twice since I moved to Zionsville in November 2010. The first time I visited, I arrived after the lunch rush (maybe 3pm) and the place was not crowded. I sat at the bar for almost 20 minutes before the bartender / waitress even acknowledged my presence, and it was only because I grew tired of waiting and timing to see how long the "friendly" people were going to ignore me. I inquired as to whether they had any local beers on tap, and the bartender / waitress stared dully at me before finally saying that they had Sun King in a can. So I ordered that. I asked if they had sweet tea, since not all the Indiana establishments had it, and she immediately perked up. I explained I had just moved from Atlanta, and it was like I threw a light switch; next thing I know, she's got me my own pitcher of sweet tea, is my best friend, and is talking my ear off about how she lived in Savannah, GA for many years.Weird? Yes, to say the least. Thirst abated and patience tested, I turned to the menu and my new friend was (now) more than willing to give me commentary and feedback about the cuisine. I opted for the burger, as it was rumored to be excellent.And it was! I've ordered a cheeseburger both times I've visited because they are that good! Everything from the hand-patted, freshly made and seasoned patty, to the high quality bun makes this burger a must have. The second time I visited, I also sat at the bar, and it took a fairly long time (again) before I was acknowledged and served, but not as long as my initial visit. On my second visit, there were several patrons seated near me at the bar, but none of them looked my way, and their whole demeanor seemed to imply that they were not remotely open to chit-chat.So, I have a few conclusions: I think the Friendly Tavern is a "locals only" place because I saw plenty of people greeting each other and the staff and making chit-chat, but no one seemed inclined to pay much attention to the "new guy". I also think it is an excellent eatery, but it is definitely more of a restaurant. I cannot imagine going there for drinks with friends, and sitting at the bar. The bar is awkwardly arrayed in the center of the dining area, and is essentially a big square. The "back bar" is used as a server station, and has other random restaurant items stacked on it - the other three sides of the bar are for customer seating.There are a couple of small TVs in the front dining area / bar, but there are maybe four spots you could sit that would afford you an unobstructed view of them.I would totally recommend this place for the food; my order arrived in a timely fashion, and the service was adequate, but "friendly" is the LAST word I would use to describe this place if you are not already a local or regular.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,3/26/2011,140,444,4,5,4>For my 200th Yelp review (woo hoo!! Happy 200 to meeee!) I have to give credit where credit is due with this new upscale speakeasy-esque bar experience on Mass Avenue.  It proves that you CAN have a successful BRAND NEW non-smoking bar do well....and without all the extra haze of nasty cigar or cigarette smoke to ruin a perfectly good evening and force you to shower immediately upon returning home. I was absolutely stunned that Indy has something so cool, beautiful and unique right within my grasp, a mere 20 minutes from Carmel.  Although the bar was hoppin', we were still able to get a table for 7 easily.  There were lovely leather couches along the walls, fabulous ornate ceilings, stunning hardwood floors and the freshness of a new building with the old school vibe of a 1920s underground prohibition bar.Even our server was the 2010 version of a flapper girl....she was gorgeous and attentive.  Lovely and helpful.  The menu offered a vast array of interesting concoctions with the year in which the drink was invented underneath....many of the drinks had a very mature, seductive vibe.  I wanted to try them all but fear of mixing too many hard liquors kept me from going overboard.  I ended up ordering a sangria-esque drink for $10.  May sound pricey but whoooooah, was it worth it.  It was a very generous drink filled to the brim with a perfect amount of icey goodness.  The rest of my table ordered an array of drinks and wine.  No one complained about price.  We were too inthralled with our lovely surroundings and the fabulousness that is B&B that we couldn't stop talking about when we wanted to come back.Girls and boys, I recommend this for a GREAT date place...nothing like the perfect adults atmosphere, with an atmosphere and drink list to talk about!  I recommend it especially for a romantic starter to a very nice evening out. You will only leave here smelling of the alcohol of choice and not the nastiness that permeates from the majority of downtown establishments after 9 p.m.  Enjoy yourself, relax, sit back and immerse yourself in the best new bar in Indy...
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,3/25/2011,13,98,,3,3>Holy amazing karaoke superstars on a Friday night.  I don't think I've ever seen so many decent performers in one place.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,3/24/2011,29,129,,6,4>Sesame is great for vegans and vegetarians, who miss general tsaos chicken, and sweet and sour chicken, you can swap out any of the meat on the menu for wheat gluten, the food is delicious the environment is calm, and the two ladys who run the place are a delight, The price is awesome too 2 people can eat for under $20.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,3/23/2011,111,194,1,7,6>People rave about Taste for brunch, but I also love it for dinner.At night it transforms into the more fine dining-ish "After Taste" with table service.  They have an extensive, very reasonably-priced, high quality dinner menu.I recently had the mind-blowingly delicious "berrata" - fresh imported mozzarella infused with ricotta and cream (yeah - cheese infused with more cheese!), served on a bed of argula and heirloom cherry tomatoes with a soft baguette on the side.The atmosphere is warm, unpretentious, and pulled together.  One of Indy's best.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,3/22/2011,149,388,9,10,9>There is something I've been missing from my scrambled eggs I make at home. I did not know this prior to Tuesday morning. It is not a secret ingredient, but one I've never considered to add to eggs. Now I realize the magnitude of not including CILANTRO on my eggs. Now, I know that I will never, ever be able to eat scrambled eggs without that wonderful plant. No cilantro will equal no eggs in the Todd R. household. Of course, I could always go out to 3 Sisters and order the scrambles that they have so prominently displayed on their menu! It is so wonderful to see such care and detail put into a description of your breakfast item and it comes out even better looking than you imagined. The Vanilla Cream French Toast is incredible and a full order is much more than you bargained for. Get the half-order and a scramble and it is MORE than enough food. It is also very affordable. I ordered two entrees, got what seemed to be a half-gallon of OJ, ate enough food for two (maybe three) people and still got out for less than twenty bucks. I can still taste it now...
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,3/21/2011,180,775,5,6,6>Having only lived in Indianapolis since June...I'm always eager to try new things.  There really are a lot of things to do here in Indy!A friend of mine invited me to the John Prine concert last night at the Murat Theatre.  I had driven by this place a couple of times...usually because I'm lost and looking for someplace else, but always commented to myself in my head:  Ooohhh...that looks like an interesting place.I was not disappointed.  The seats we had were Orchestra Center, which were excellent.  The sound was great, the seats comfortable, and the ushers were helpful.  The theatre was ornate and had an historic feel to it.  My only negative comment is that it would have been nice if the seats had cup holders since you can purchase a cocktail and bring it in with you.  BTW...the Bar was amazing!  It looked like you could have any type of cocktail under the sun...or moon :-)I have to admit...this newby to Indiana had never heard of John Prine, so when I was invited, I had to Google him.  I learned that he has been around for a while and is a Midwest favorite.  To me, his music sounded like a mix of John Denver, Bob Seger, the Eagles...and Willy Nelson - haha!  I thoroughly enjoyed the show and will be anxious to see other concerts here.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,3/20/2011,68,56,2,6,6>I really had no idea what to expect at The Bar at the Ambassador. Let's just say I was pleasantly  surprised. The only negative thing happened as soon as we entered. We waiting nearly five minutes before someone saw us and seated us. With that being said, when they did get to us, they were so nice and very apologetic. The host sat us at a nice cozy little booth. After we were seated our waitress asked us to move because a larger party was coming in to the restaurant. She moved us to the same booth on the other side of the bar and bought us all a round of drinks for moving. She didn't have to do that. She had recommendations for us and told us what she enjoyed on the menu. I really appreciate when the wait staff are knowledgeable about their menu and drink list. The service was fast and the entrees were inexpensive. The cocktails are a little bit pricier, but it totally won't break the bank. Overall, great experience here with a great staff and fun entree items. It seems like it can get crowded, which is fun to see for a newer venue.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,3/19/2011,33,209,,4,4>As long as you keep in mind that this place is a BAR which means that people will SMOKE, you can hang out with friends and get a really good meal here.  I'm not a smoker, so I've learned to go on nights that aren't going to be as busy (avoid big game nights, tournament time, etc).  If you head towards their expanded back rooms, it's much less smoky.  The main things to order here are pizzas and wings.  If you're willing to wait 45 minutes, order their deep dish pizza ... it's as close to a true Chicago style pizza (Leona's, Giordano's, Due's) as you'll find in Indy.  I also really like the bbq chicken pizza.  The wings are big, meaty and tender.  I usually order the Hermanaki, a tantalizing blend of owner/chef Herman's hot sauce and teriyaki.  First they're fried, then grilled ... the combo creates a smoky, crispy exterior and a really juicy interior.  They have quite a kick, but the sides of ranch and blue cheese (and a few beers) help put out the fire.Oh yeah, and Ale is a BAR, and they have a huge selection of micros and imported beers.My only complaint is service ... some are excellent, others are awful ... we try to sit in certain areas when we recognize a favorite server.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,3/18/2011,75,186,2,4,2>Apparently I've never reviewed the central library. It's absolutely beautiful, & quite a shock if you walk in the front entrance & then encounter the new area, with the soaring  glass & curved metal ceiling. Lots of available seats, charm, a really cool kid's area w/ a large storytime room, lots of lights, neon, comfy orb chairs like in Men in Black, & computers in the kids & teens areas, a small cafe with sandwiches, muffins, lattes, & the like, & you can take them anywhere in the library to enjoy. I recommend going to the 6th floor to enjoy the view of downtown. It's always graveyard silent up there & usually pretty empty, so you can eat lunch or a snack & look onto several downtown roofs. The view is beautiful in every season as well. There's a parking garage- first hour's $1, & they have longer-term prices as well. I dig the light box art going in from the garage. You can also get movies & complete seasons of TV shows here for free, but the selection is spotty. If you're looking for the newest releases to save a buck or 2, chances are you're going to be out of luck, but it's worth a perusal, especially if you want to catch an odd foreign flick, an older mystery, or just really feel like watching something like The Addams Family again & don't have any Netflix movies in. Don't forget, if they don't have what you're looking for- just ask. They can do inter-library loan or may outright buy it for the bookshelves. The only thing that makes me unhappy is the fact that they don't let you check out magazines, of which there are so many titles I've never heard of it's scary.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,3/17/2011,44,102,3,5,3>Upping my rating to 5 stars as I said I would if I returned and things had improved.  The service improved and that is saying a LOT considering that my second visit was with the Yelp International Supper Club and there were 20-30 of us there and only 3 employees that evening.  (One cooking, one helping in the kitchen and delivering food and one server.)The food was still excellent and I was able to try a few more things on the menu.  Moreover, being there with such a large group I saw somethings that I cannot wait to try on another visit.  I had a bite of the Arepa Reina (which is the word for queen in Spanish) and indeed this chicken salad fit for a queen. Chicken, avovado and mayo.  Delicious and I cannot wait to have a whole arepa to myself. OHHHHH and the carraotas y arroz (black beans and rice)! I had ordered a side order and was too full to eat them after my empanadas so I took them to go and had them for lunch the following day. They were fantastic and truly Venezuelan black beans and rice.  The beans were sweet. Yes sweet!  Do not expect spicy Cuban black beans, that's not how they are made in Venezuela.  While I like Cuban black beans, I was so pleased that these were the black beans I remember eating in Venezuela.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,3/16/2011,140,496,4,7,7>Maybe a 4.5.  Note- this review is specifically based on the buffet.400- BOOM.  Thought I'd mark this milestone with one of my favorite places in Indy.  A friend (yes, he happens to be Indian) recommended this place to me.  He claimed this to be the best Indian in the naptown area.  I had to examine the claim.AMBIANCE- The place is in a strip mall, but when you walk in, the place is bright and open (unlike many Indian restaurants I've been to).  Seating is probably about 50-60ish, though they may have a backroom (I cant' recall).SERVICE- for a buffet, I didn't really expect much service.  The servers were friendly though, and were very quick to replenish the naan (more on that later).MENU- this place has to have one of the more exhaustive selections as far as a buffet goes.  Many of your favorites can be found here- palak paneer, rav korma, pakora, tikka masala, goat curry, tandoori chicken etc....  They have an interesting "Chicken 65" which in my opinion is like boneless buffalo wings Indian style.  Standard desserts such as mango pudding and kheer (rice pudding) can be found, as well as chai to finish up the meal.  Oh yeah, the naan.  They bring out fresh orders of naan (either garlic or regular) with the buffet as well.FOOD- most everything is delicious.  I must say I was a little disappointed with the palak paneer as it seemed to be a little too pureed in my opinion, and it being a buffet, the food tends to lack a little heat, but you can always add some spice if you need to.  The garlic naan is really strong, but very good as well.  The kheer has raisins, but you can pick them out if that ain't your thang.OVERALL- come hungry, leave happy.  This place rocks.  $9 for lunch (plus you can get a $1 off coupon at indycoupons.com) is money well spent.  If you've been wanting to try Indian food, or are just looking for some good Indian food, this is your best bet.  Do it up.Celebrity Rating- DJ Khaled
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,3/15/2011,78,198,,3,4>When they say record shop, they mean record shop. No CDs here. Pretty large selection, mostly vintage, found a random 2-3 year old album, but mostly 70s and earlier. Had a lot of options to check out from Jazz to Soundtrack to Classic Rock. If you have a record player and are looking to add to you collection this is a good place.PS Cash only
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2010,3/14/2011,165,152,3,5,3>It's A-OK, but not a place I'll seek out again (sorry, Yelp-and-real-life-buddy Scott, who gave it 4 stars!)Went on a Friday night. It wasn't very busy, but they had the music absolutely blasting to the point that I could barely hear anyone else at our table besides myself.Table-side guac was good, but the portions are a bit skimpy for the price.I dared to try a michelada beer (probably spelling that wrong), which has all kinds of spices and lime in it. Not for the faint of heart - or stomach. Mine ached the rest of the evening after this drink.My meal wasn't bad, but it wasn't memorable. I nearly forgot what it was but remembered just as sec ago: fish tacos. They were okay, but there are better in this city.Also got ceviche as an appetizer. They give you a LOT of the raw-fish-supposedly-cooked-in-lime/lemon juice and we didn't finish ours. It was okay, but I probably wouldn't order it again.This meal was the most unique thing I ate that weekend - and I'm quite sure it also made me feel more unique than I've felt in awhile. My stomach was absolutely destroyed the next day. I'm no scientist and thus can't pinpoint exactly where my sickness came from, but odds are good it was related to the cup of ceviche. (Scientists, feel free to chime in here.)Anyway, the ambiance of Adobo is kinda cool (besides the blasting music), the private table areas are nice and intimate, and the guac is good. So if I'm asked to dine there again (talkin' to you, Scott), I might go - but I'll stick to a regular Negra Modelo, guacamole and bean burritos.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,3/13/2011,46,552,,7,5>I stayed here for about six weeks as I was figuring out where to live when I moved to Indianapolis.  Overall a great experience.  New, fancy, or shiny it is not, but I felt safe, welcome, and it was extremely affordable. The staff is friendly and honest and the owners are really nice and care about the hostel, its visitors, and the community.  They will help you navigate around the City and answer any questions you might have.  The hostel is comprised of one and a half houses on a corner lot on 49th Street just south of Indy's Broad Ripple area.  They have private rooms, family rooms, and dorm rooms (bunk beds).  Since I was on budget I was in the dorm room on a bunk bed.  About a third of the time I was there I had the room to myself, half the time it was shared with one other person (female) and only a handful of nights the room was full with 3-4 of us in the room.A couple bumps in the road with other guests being loud/drunk/annoying.  At the same time I got to meet some incredible people who were traveling through, moving to Indy, etc.  By the end of my stay I was ready to get out of there and have some privacy, but I recently went back for yoga (they have excellent yoga classes there on Mon/Thur) and it was great to see everyone and to be there again.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,3/12/2011,134,221,3,10,6>For those in search of a brick-and-mortar Etsy, you'll be glad to know that Homespun has opened its doors in Irvington. This is a carefully curated shop with handmade jewelry, screen-printed T-shirts, natural soaps and other assorted homeware, clothing, accessories and gewgaws. Go in here for a gift, and you'll walk out with something for yourself as well! I purchased a necklace for a friend and also replaced my janky old wallet with a darling handmade one in a gingham check that I can't stop admiring every time I pay for something. I was most pleased that Homespun has items at a variety of price points, and the proprietess offered helpful information on the items I was interested in. Give this place some love!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,3/11/2011,210,195,6,6,5>John's Famous Stew ain't nothing to f*** wit.  Sure it's a little out of way on the spoke that is the polar opposite of Mass Ave, but JFS is a blue-collar food juggernaut.  They offer a full menu of American/Hoosier classics, but don't be a fool, order the stew! Don't be intimidated by the lack of windows or sign of an official entrance.  You can enter from the street or north side door.  The staff is friendly, but can be a little rough around the edges (which I find to be perfect).Be careful during weekday lunch hours, this place is packed and can be a little smokey.  I prefer to patronize during off-hours. Side Note:  Across the street is a training facility for local "professional" wrestling.. just in case you're into getting your body slam on.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,3/10/2011,133,150,3,6,6>I prefer the IWFM to any summer market I've been to.  I've been faithfully spending my Saturday mornings here since it began 3 years ago in the space where Cityoga now resides.  Maybe it's because the IWFM is so vibrant and bustling compared to the dreary winter weather, but it is definitely a mood booster to have a walk around sampling and perusing all the vendor booths!  Lots of organic and local fare to be found, with many varieties of things you cannot find in the conventional supermarket.  There are also 3 or 4 vendors now offering hot food to go so you can even skip breakfast and just get out of bed and head straight to the market, although I advise dressing yourself first.  It's always growing so there are many different types of vendors - produce, meats, baked goods, cheese, candy, handmade goods, soaps, honey, coffee, and even flowers! I'm sure I'm missing something here, but you'll have to check out the IWFM to see what it is!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,3/9/2011,27,314,6,7,7>Old skool recess: hot, dusty tetherball match-ups on searing "almost summer break" asphalt, trying to outdo my then BFF and impress the cute boy with the long hair and the bell-bottom jeans. New skool recess: a cinder block-walled and concrete-floored haven of dining "delice" just a stone's throw from home in Broadripple - oh yeah, game on! - and no creepy, clingy P.E. uniforms required....however, I do wish I had worn yoga pants and not tight jeans for my first foray into Greg Hardesty's "playground" this past Friday evening. I kid you not, my beau and I had serious challenges ambulating post-repast. Our meal? warm Isreali couscous, tomato, & oyster mushroom salad kissed with just the right amount of arugula, basil, shaved parm and balsamic vinaigrette; king crab summer roll with warm & spicy soy/ginger butter (this dish alone was worth the price of admission - I had a major "Eat, Pray, Love" moment whilst devouring this beauty - you know, having a "relationship" with my food :-) next on the menu was Suzuki sea bass with skin so crisp it would make a bag of Lay's jealous - but meat so sweet and moist it seemed a shame to pierce it with a fork...this little slice of heaven was perched atop a "soul food-esque" blend of sweet potato slices, spinach and diced bacon (mmm...the fragrance!); moving on....Viking Farms lamb loin topped off our savory selections - it was perfectly cooked, exquisitely tender and fanned out over a "full moon" of a housemade blue cheese-stuffed ravioli that was resting on a bed of crisp green beans which were lovingly caressed by a vegetable jus scented with fresh thyme. This is where we should have stopped eating, but who has this kind of meal without taking on the dessert? Not us, fo' shizzle! We were in luck this evening, as pistachio financier cake with sauteed honey crisp apples and whipped creme fraiche was our finale. It is hard to describe something so utterly delicious, but I'm pretty sure all that passed for conversation at our table while we consumed our cake was "mmmm....oh, my....and *sigh*."Service was fabulous, like how Recess provides pairings for each course right on the daily menu, love the prix fixe concept, and the food is top-notch. I can only think of one eatery at which I've had a meal I liked equally as well....that review is coming, I promise! This is a true sensory experience...only downside at all during our visit was the adjacent table that seemed a bit too loud for the space - maybe one too many pairings for them? GO - DINE - BE HAPPY!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,3/7/2011,32,54,5,7,3>When you walk into Rockstar you KNOW you're in for an experience that is going to be unique, intriguing and fun! The walls are covered in music industry items. There's a few gold albums as well as back stage passes, signed photos and posters adorning the walls. The girls behind the counter are very sweet and also very pretty. Anyway, My dad and I went to try out the new Chicago style pizza, it was LOADED with meat, veggies and cheese. You know how some places have that over rosemaried taste on the pizza? Rockstar, doesn't do that .Furthermore I ate two pieces of this wonderful piece of art work and I was FULL! I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "Oh Josh, isn't the pizza greasy? You know with it being LOADED with Meat, cheese and veggies, wouldn't it be greasy like those other places? NO! It's not greasy at all! Do this, take it home in a box, and when you get home, look in the box where the pizza rests. No grease stains. Go try it!Make sure to try the breadsticks too, They make em good! They were simply phenomenal! Crisp, just enough garlic and soft in the middle. Just the way I like it! Furthermore, The price is just right. 15 bucks for a 3 topping pizza? That's phenomenal! Oh I'll be back. There's no question about that. If I could complain about anything it would be about nothing having a bell or buzzer in the front. That place is loud and no one can hear you in the back unless you cough loudly.I spoke with the owner and he agreed with me. He told me that the bell had gotten stolen in the past. So as of right now, No bell, use your voice.I hope that by reading this review you get a better sense of what Rockstar has to offer their customers. And when you go, make sure to tell them Josh M. sent you!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,3/6/2011,63,46,4,10,4>This is my go to place for Ethiopian in Indy.Their food is good but is quite similar to other Ethiopian places but what puts this place in my top list of restaurants is actually the coffee.  Let me preface this with the fact that I barely even like coffee but they take it to a whole different level.  They preform what the call a coffee ceremony which is $20 for however many people come so it becomes a much better deal as more people come.  They bring out green coffee beans and roast them right in front of you while burning incense and then brew it in these gourds of some sort.  The coffee is served with the traditional POPCORN!!!  Their food is heavy and you will be surprised at how little it looks versus how much it fills you up.  If you like spicy food don't forget to ask them for some of their spicy sauce. The staff is very helpful and willing to talk about Ethiopian culture if you are into that sort of thing.  They also have an attached store where you can purchase spices and other Ethiopian ingredients.  You can also buy the green coffee beans here and try your own hand at roasting on the stove top.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,3/5/2011,179,458,3,7,5>My wife and I took the guided tour of the Scottish Rite Cathedral and it was amazing.  Be prepared to hear 33 and "17 and a half" over and over.  The precision that was put into this building is awe inspiring.  The auditorium is perfectly set up for a live performance.  I can't wait to attend a show here, any show!  I've lived in Indy almost my whole life and can't believe it took me this long to take a tour.  It's free!  The tour guide was great!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,3/4/2011,12,58,1,4,2>I love the Green BEAN delivery. Great value and convenient.  Customize your order online. This has been great for expanding my cooking interest, be it from finding a way to cook weird veggies I wouldn't ordinarily pick up that came in my bin (parsnips?) or ways to use up the pound of broccoli before it spoils. We save $ and " by eating at home rather than going out.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,3/3/2011,123,216,6,7,5>This place is awesome!!  We picked up some sausages and bacon for a german feast we were making at home.  The sausages were plump and flavorful; we especially liked the cajun sausage that had a little spice to it.  I was afraid the cajun spices would take away from the German flavors we were going for, but fortunately it wasn't overpowering.  They have such a great selection and I'm looking forward to returning and trying more of their meats.  (Why does that sound so dirty?  Really, it's very innocent.)
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,3/1/2011,71,190,2,3,3>Sakura may not be the best sushi in Indianapolis but it is one of the most reasonably priced sushi places.  I think some people in Indy unfortunately make Sakura out to be the be all end all of sushi in Indiana, which it's not!  What Sakura is though, is a great low key Japanese restaurant with a wait every night and pretty decent rolls.  The service may not be the most attentive but when the hubs and I can come here for a huge pile of tasty sushi rolls, delicious seaweed salad, comforting wasabi dumplings and sake for just over $50,  and enjoy ourselves to boot, then it's worth at least 3.5 stars!  The beer selection isn't anything special but they do have Goose Island 312 in bottles.  I recommend Sakura if you're looking for a friendly entry into the world of sushi and if you're not looking for a lot of pretension with your sushi!
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,2/28/2011,23,124,4,3,3>Nice place...but it reminds me of Scholars Inn the way Eli reminds me of Peyton...Just to be clear, this is where the metaphor ends. Love the Colts...didn't really love Scholars. What I loved most were half-priced martini Thursdays...a tradition which Mesh has been more than happy to carry forward. Martinis seem pretty good -- probably a 7 out of 10 for creativity and quality. Beer was overpriced, even for Mass Ave.The atmosphere was nice -- not quite as creative as Scholars Inn 1.0, certainly better than the ugly red Scholars 2.0. As upscale goes, however, I like the creativity of The Ball and Biscuit much more.All in all, I think it's worth another shot. Not that I think the world needs more pretentious, upscale places, but as long as Scholars was leaving and we didn't have to give up a good pub, I suppose it has it's place. It's also always nice to support local business, which earns it it's fourth star.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,2/27/2011,265,331,2,6,5>**My review is based on vintage**What a lovely, fab and fun shop! Being the vintage vixen I am, I had to come see this for myself. Some friends told me over breakfast last week that there was a vintage place I didn't know about near Broad Ripple on 54th. I am so thrilled I found this place and will make it a point to visit once a month. I am giving N. Rue & Co. 5 Stars based on their vintage clothes. They don't have a massive selection, but each piece is well taken care of, seeming to be thoughtfully selected and clean. There are some vintage shops where you must literally elbow your way into the rack to see what they have. Not so here. The items are well spaced, clean, well- presented and properly hung on the velvety stay-put hangers. I took a class in feng-shui once, and while I recall very little of it, I am sure that this place has good chi. The flow and outlay of the store was very comfortable and spacious and there were enough racks that things didn't feel cramped and crowded, which I really appreciated. Where some places may staple (mon dieu, I shudder at the thought) prices onto vintage garments, N. Rue & Co respectfully safety pin their (cool recycled cardboard) tags into a discreet place that won't damage the garment. Prices are reasonable, bearing in mind that the days when you could turn up 50s dresses at the goodwill for $5 are long gone. The prices are on par with ebay (except you don't have to fend off snipers or pay shipping fees here and have the luxury of seeing and trying the item on here first). The dressing room was comfortable, clean and well decorated. Monica, the lovely young lady who helped me, was very friendly and helpful was neither pushy nor aloof. I'd say this was one of my favorite shopping experiences in this town by a long shot. There was more new stock than vintage, but I admit, I didn't even really look at the new stuff, so I have no opinion to offer on that. A few neat pieces of jewelry and belts also on offer. And finally, I love a place that still wraps garments in tissue paper (white with yellow polka dots, no less!) with coordinating bag and stickers. This place made my day! I hope it's here to stay!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2010,2/26/2011,67,72,4,5,2>Good Thai in the Indy Metro area is hard to find - and sometimes Siam Square has it... sometimes it doesn't. If you're willing to drive, there are a few choices around (in order) - Jasmine Thai on 96th,Thai Cafe in Broad Ripple, Thai Spice in Greenwood, Sawasdee on 86th and a few others... but don't even try to count Noodles & Co. (Their Thai dish tastes like it's cooked by a drunk college freshman mixing the soysauce packets with last week's Chinese leftovers.) Where Siam Square ranks is maybe 3rd or 4th on that last depending on how the chef is feeling. Sometimes there aren't enough veggies or the dishes are running a little bland, but you can generally leave feeling like you got your Thai craving fulfilled. Foods they always do well: Siam rolls (their version of Vietnamese Summer Rolls), Crab Rangoon, Pad Thai. My favorite? The drunken noodles - a tastebud sensation more versatile than the Pad Seuw and a Thai restaurant staple. Their curries are hit-or-miss. In general, I'd give them an OK. If/when you're feeling like a curry slurry, don't be afraid to try their tofu versions.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,2/25/2011,122,38,4,3,3>It had been close to 10 years since I've graced the Noodle.  I missed the old girl.  I forgot how comforting she was.  Oh how she has some of the best Jazz in the US.  Such a great atmosphere to let go and enjoy some great unique bands.  Believe me I won't let another 10 years go by before we have another getaway encounter.  Highly recommend seeing some good bands there.  I would be more than happy to her (the Noodle) with many of my friends.  Love the Jazz.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,2/24/2011,10,92,,2,1>If you're a fan of flavored popcorn, there's no excuse for not going to Just Pop In. It's a tiny little shop in Broad Ripple (and a location at the airport in the terminal, which is genius) and you can find it with your nose. They typically have a few different flavors at a time to be packed up in bags - chocolate, strawberry, cheddar, caramel, and Indy style, which is cheddar and caramel mixed together. I've also tried blueberry. It's always hard to pick one, but I usually go with Indy style.I saw a couple of reviews mentioning that they don't have variety to choose from (pickle? wtf? Why would you want that, and how would this tiny shop ever sell enough of it?) They must not have noticed that in the various pre-packed tins, they have other flavors available. Another common comment is the price. It's a gourmet popcorn shop, and there aren't many other local shops that are in the market. Yea, it's going to cost a little more than a tin of stale popcorn from Walmart. I don't see the issue. I love this place so much, I actually served Indy-style popcorn as favors at my wedding. If you give them some time, they will pack it up for you in favor bags with a wedding sticker for not much more than you could do it yourself.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,2/23/2011,57,115,,3,2>Ricky does beautiful things. When I shell out the bucks to get my hair done here, I am always the envy of my friends and strangers who ask me where I had it done. He takes his time and is really a perfectionist, so expect an amazing haircut, but not a 20 minute hack and slash ala supercuts. Also, apparently he is trained in scalp massage, and the wash makes you sleepy.The salon decor is cute (reflecting the owner's knowledgeability about color and design) and plays good music. It's a relaxing place with a huge picture window for people watching. The best stylist I've ever had, hands down.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,2/22/2011,14,76,,1,1>First to review! Somehow? Without a doubt, best grocery store in Bloomington, honestly one of the best in Indiana.  I always find it easier to go to this location off of Kirkwood.  Their freshly prepared sushi, futomaki (sp?), is surprisingly delicious, I was cautious at first to buy sushi from a grocery store but the risk paid off.  If you're an extremely particular eater like me, this is your new home.  And since i'm new to this kind of eating, as in healthy, I always find new discoveries (LIKE HONEY STICKS, YUM).
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,2/21/2011,4,5,,2,1>Easily the best record store in town. I could leave it at that, but I would be selling the lovely folks at LUNA short. Every time I venture in, I'm greeted by one of the helpful staff that has now gotten to know me personally. Any and all genres are represented in either CD or vinyl, whichever you prefer. The selection is awesome and they are willing to order anything they don't have.The best part is the aforementioned staff. Whenever I'm looking to venture out and try something new, or just need a recommendation, they are more than able to help. Some of my favourite albums have been recommendations from Dan or Jess.Also, free stickers that actually look cool. What more could one ask for?
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,2/20/2011,24,97,,1,1>Yummy yum yum!  I heard of West Coast Tacos from a coworker, and I was soo excited to find they were right across the street from where I work today!  I drove over at 11:30am, and there wasn't a line (great!).  Of course, being my first time, I was quite confused as to what they had.  There is no menu, but a sign to purchase drinks for $1.  The man said they have steak and pork for 3 for $5 and teriyaki chicken for 2 for $5.  I got the chicken, and it was really good.  Too bad 2 tacos really does not fill you up.  I was disappointed that I didn't see the tofu taco or tempura fish taco available (they do have a menu on facebook).  Oh well.  I'll have to try them again another time.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,2/19/2011,120,222,,1,1>Really good Mediterranean food for a price that's dece.  Good hookah on the high-end (I recommend the Pharaoh).  Cool hangout, has a definite Persian feel and atmosphere.  Casual, cool, laid back, smoky sweet shop.  Worth a try.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,2/18/2011,3,20,,2,1>4 stars? Too many? Maybe, but I'm grading for business innovation. In a downtown area saturated with Steakhouses and the standard American Bar, BARcelona Tapas explores different territory. Recommendations: Sangria, and the Friday Lunch Buffet for $10.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,2/17/2011,66,229,5,4,5>My first visit soon after their opening did not impress. I don't really know why, I just know how I felt. Since then Red Lion has obviously put in work like a defeated rookie who's been riding the pine after a poor start to the season just so he can make a comeback like Reggie Miller did against the Knicks in '95. Or maybe I just ordered something I didn't care for... probably the latter. I love Fountain Square, in general, and the Grog House fits in perfectly. At my last visit, the restaurant was packed, but we were able to enjoy a cold beer at the small bar while waiting for our table. They have a few Sun King an Upland selections on tap, with a decent sized list of bottles. I'd like to see them expand the draft selection, but its not bad. I have a friend who is super stoked that they have Strongbow cider on tap. The food really impressed me this visit. I ordered a meatloaf sandwich (the dude promised his grandmother he'd put her meatloaf on the menu! I had to try it!). It was full of flavor and topped with cheese, onions, and gravy. Very Good. The chips were top notch. Perfectly fried and especially good when dipped in the hot curry which I dribbled in my beard and on my jeans. Dammit. I had some of the BBQ bacon burger as well. My mouth just started watering upon remembering the short time I spent with this burger. One thing I do not dig about this fine establishment is the shared restroom with the whole Murphy Building. On more than one occasion, that restroom has resembled what has to be a custodian's worst nightmare.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,2/16/2011,17,20,4,10,9>Call me a craft beer lover, hophead whatever....I'm loving the emergence of all of our local craft brewers! So when I had the chance to get by Flat 12, I was really excited to sample their offerings.  I'm a big fan of IPA's so the Half Cycle IPA was right up my alley! Also serving a tasty blonde, quality porter and a very nice amber.  Growlers to go are available for purchase along with Flat 12 merch.  Look for even more activity from these guys probably by spring with events and pint sales.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/6/2011,2/15/2011,0,29,,1,1>Decor is nice. Although we will sit on the bar side next time for a little more ambiance and less family activity  The food really was very good.  I had the half chicken and my husband had the grilled salmon. My suggestion would be to have all servers or whoever was walking around bussing tables, etc look more professional. Most had on aprons and looked the part, but a few employees had on jeans and fleece and it just seemed out of place in the dining room.  Owner was attentive to customers.A plus in my books for the neighborhood.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,2/14/2011,79,383,,4,2>Very good food...friendly..albeit spotty service. Prices are more than reasonable...excellent cuban coffee.So nice to see Indy getting more and more of these little gems.While not an expert on the authenticness (word?) never-the-less...terrific tasting food...obviously made with care !Now..if they would only offer freshly muddled mojitos !
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,2/13/2011,23,22,,5,7>Broad Ripple's new Thr3e Wise Men Brewery is neither your typical brewpub nor your typical Broad Ripple eatery--and that's a good thing.  Instead Thr3e Wise Men offers a refreshing combination of traditional favorites and new ideas.  The seating in the dining room is all long picnic tables, so if there are fewer than eight in your party, be prepared to make some new friends.  If you'd rather not socialize, you can play with your table's iPad.The menu is simple--a handful of appetizers, salad, pizza and dessert.  Without question, the pizza is the standout star here.  Fresh toppings served on a thin, rustic, hand-tossed crust make this the most gourmet pizza in Broad Ripple.  Another hit is the salad, which is tossed and served tableside.  And although I didn't get an opportunity to taste it this time, I have to give big bonus points for including elephant ears on the dessert menu.As the name suggests, Thr3e Wise Men is a brewery, and they offer quite a selection.   We sampled quite a few--our favorite was the Hoggy Style Amber. Thr3e Wise Men has only been open for a couple of weeks, and they are still working out some bugs from a service standpoint.  We tried to get call-ahead seating, but no one answered the phone.  Also, our appetizers, salad and pizza all came at once instead of staggered through the meal.  A manager did come to apologize, however, and acknowledged that it is something they are working on.  I anticipate that the service will continue to improve over the next few months.For offering an upbeat atmosphere, rustic pizzas and a unique concept, I recommend Thr3e Wise Men.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,2/12/2011,60,75,,5,2>My first experience with A Taste Of Philly was last  year. Patrick was bringing his salty delicious treats to the Indy Winter Farmer's Market, and oh was I hooked after the first bite! For weeks, we would buy a braid or trio of pretzels. We ate one immediately and the others would be frozen as soon as we got home. After a few weeks of talking to Patrick, we realized that he and his brother had a shop nearby in Broad Ripple. Man-o-man, was this a rockin' treat for us. A Taste of Philly is delicious. The pretzels are always cooked to perfection and have just the right amount of salt. In addition to having plain pretzels in the store, they also offer pretzels nuggets, "everything" pretzels, cinnamon sticks (YUMMO!!!), ham and cheese sandwiches, and my personal favorite is the pretzel dog. Make sure you grab some sweet honey mustard for your treat!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,2/11/2011,24,131,,7,2>Listen up Yelpers! This place has special kind of feel and a special brand of cool. It's a pizza joint, they serve pizza, if you don't want pizza, don't go to a pizza joint. I can't speak much to the table side manner of the place, however I will vouch that the bar service was impeccable and I can't really say that for many places around town. Second the beer selection is pretty good, there are better ones, but honestly for a place of Pearl Streets caliber their beer selection is pretty great. I found the pizza to be pretty awesome. We had the barbecue chicken pie which is my old stand by for pizza these days and I can't say I've had a better one locally. This city yearns for good pizza, lets face it, most of the options around here are pretty miserable. Bazbeaux always tastes burnt and their service has fallen apart lately, Napolese and Pizzology are a little to high end for a kick back pizza experience, pizza can't be pretentious. Oh by the way, $10 pitchers of Miller Lite, and not those bogus 3 beer jugs either, the pitchers at Pearl are meant to satisfy, we got nearly a full 5 pints out of ours, can't complain about that! As a restaurant manager I feel pretty well versed in the business, I've been in the industry for nearly 10 years now and Pearl Street made me very happy on my first visit. It's a little off the beaten path but well worth the trip. They pull no punches, the place is what it is and isn't afraid to tell you so. Reading some of the other reviews I feel that some people were mad because Pearl Street is what it wants to be and not what they want it to be! Get real Indy! Embrace something good when it finally rears its head, this place needs all the non-chain restaurants it can get downtown.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,2/10/2011,7,33,1,2,2>Scotty's Lakehouse earns major points from me for using locally-sourced food and serving some local beers as well. The food is reliably good, just like all the Scotty's locations, although the menu is quite a bit smaller here--mostly burgers. They do offer a veggie burger (black bean), which I  appreciate, and there were a couple of salads and wraps available, too. My book club ate there on a Saturday morning around 11:00 and they were serving a Patachou menu for breakfast--yum. We also ordered the fried pickles, which are way more delicious than they have a right to be.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,2/9/2011,1,3,,3,1>GREAT selection of top notch beers! Very educated staff and extremely friendly. It was great to "chat beer" with them.  Growlers are all they do right now, but you do get generous samples.  Growlers look to be about $12 to fill, which is well worth it! I can't wait to see what other great brews they will produce!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2011,2/8/2011,83,36,2,3,3>Headed over to this place recently just to grab some dessert because the menu looked interesting. It was kinda late (about 11 PM when we went), and they say they are open until about 1 AM, so we assumed no problem heading over late.When we got there, we were greeted with blank stares and confused faces. They looked at us as if confused as to what we wanted. Well, when people walk into a restaurant, I assume it is to be seated and to partake of some food and/or drink. I guess the concept confused the staff. It's not like the place was empty or closing. It seemed like a very lively evening with live jazz music in the background and tables packed with people.We asked to be seated so that we could enjoy some dessert. We were told that they pretty much only serve desserts, small plates of food, and drinks after 11 PM, which was fine, dessert is what we wanted. We were seated all the way in the back, given menus to look at, and some water. Fairly standard service once they realized that we were in the place for some food.Now I won't get into specific desserts. Suffice to say we picked at just about everything interesting, and while it did indeed sound and look interesting, taste wise it was pretty "okay". Nothing spectacular, but it wasn't anything bad either. I don't know if I'd come back again to fix my late night craving here, but it was enjoyable.Anyway, maybe the whole dinner experience is best enjoyed at an earlier time, and maybe dinner food is better than the desserts. Maybe I'll come back here sometime to try it out, but that's a pretty big maybe.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,2/6/2011,22,30,,3,2>Perfect! Amy did our flowers for our 09.09.09 wedding. We had a d.i.y. budget, and she helped us come up with some beautiful options that fit within our budget. I wouldn't go anywhere else if I need flowers for any occasion!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,2/5/2011,30,79,1,11,5>I think this place deserves a nice review. I used a Living Social deal to get a seaweed body wrap and facial here. As I pulled into the parking lot, I was a little skeptical due to the strip mall setting. Unfortunately, it looks like a strip mall spa on the inside, too. Ambiance was nowhere to be found, and the walls were decorated with what was clearly someone's first time sponge painting... with yellow paint, at that. Fortunately, the experience greatly surpassed the decor. The smaller room for the spa treatments was actually nice and cozy. My esthetician, who I believe was the owner, was very sweet, professional, and personable. The body wrap was a little different than I expected (it was my first one though), but still relaxing. The facial was absolutely heavenly!I recommend Eden's Pathway and would return!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,2/4/2011,153,144,1,2,3>I am not sure what it is about this place, but it is so inviting. Small selection of imported foods such as olive oil, salts and sodas. Nice in season veggies and homemade pie and hot yummy coffee. I loved that a fire was burning in the pit and people hangout here like others hangout at starbucks. I am looking forward to returning again and again.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,2/3/2011,109,103,7,4,3>I've witnessed dramas unfold inside the walls of Mann's Grille that would make Shakespeare both weep, & bay with laughter. And the Food is worth the trip as well.  Massive and I really do mean massive portions of honest mid-western comfort food. This is Indianapolis's version of Alice's Restaurant.Now you know Beef & Boards isn't the only place to go for dinner & a show ;)If you asked CeCil B. DeMille to describe Mann's, even he would say EPIC!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,2/2/2011,104,322,,5,4>My favorite Yoga studio in the city!!!Invoke I heart thee!When I started Yoga I never thought I would be able to stand on my head or balance on my forearms. Now I can do all that and more! This past winter I completed their 30 Day Challenge! 30 days of Yoga for 30 days straight. You can really learn something about yourself doing Yoga, let alone doing it for 30 Days Straight!!!Ahna teaches an amazing Anasura class on Tuesday nights that is amazing (and I highly recommend!) If you are new to Yoga check out Sage's Monday night class, Amanda's Sunday class, & Ahna's Beginner's Class on Saturday's!!For a more challenging class Erin and Laura Henderson offer amazing heated as well as non heated classes!!!I hope to see you at Invoke!Namaste.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2010,2/1/2011,19,103,,4,4>There's a new pizza place in the Broadripple area and I'm always looking for pizza places that deliver.  Bebop opened a few weeks ago and is a new venture by the owners of the Jazz Kitchen.  Food is available for carryout and delivery only ($1.50 to deliver).  We chose delivery and ordered the "Feed the Fam" package that includes a large 3 topping pizza, 2 side salads or an order of pizza bread and a 6 pack of Coke products.  We also ordered the lasagna to try it.All the food was pretty good.  Definitely not as good as Some Guys but tasty nonetheless.  We had a few issues with the delivery itself.  We were told 50 minutes for delivery and it took an hour and a half.  When they finally did arrive they forgot our lasagna.  Oops.  They did come back with the lasagna and some free chocolate covered strawberries 15 minutes later.  The strawberries were a nice touch.I realize they just got up and running, so I chalk the delivery issues up to that.  I will definitely try Bebop again and hope to add their pizza to our list of places that deliver to our neighborhood.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,1/31/2011,13,74,1,3,2>I love Mama's House.  There is no better way to warm one's soul than a piping hot bowl of silken tofu soup on a chilly fall day and Mama's is more than happy to fulfill that need.Portion sizes are ample plus you get the fantastic array of Korean salads and pickled veggies with your meal.  It's fun to pick from the 10 or so dishes that they give you for a culinary delight.We had the Korean BBQ once.  It was also tasty, though a little spendy and at some point I got splattered with beef juice, which ruined my lucky purple shirt.  That's kinda unlucky.  However, unlike most Korean BBQ places which have gas grills on the table, Mama's used charcoal.  It was so delicious!!  Perhaps this will also be a nice treat in the dead of winter, grilling over hot coals... we could almost pretend it's summer.The staff is very friendly and will spend time helping you with the menu, if you're unfamiliar with Korean food.  Overall, Mama's House has a good vibe and has made my list of regular jaunts.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,1/30/2011,16,38,4,4,4>As I was walking the monon the other day I discovered this burger place right off of the trail.  It smelled so delicious and the crowd was so large that I decided to go back and try it for myself 2 days later!  I was not disappointed.  The outdoor seating is fantastic.  It has a very layed back feel.  The menu is simple and everything we tried was delicious.  Our service was great.  We ordered water to drink but it did not taste very good so the server gave us soda's on the house.  We really enjoyed our first experience at Bub's and can't wait to go back!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,1/29/2011,42,100,2,2,2>One of several great H & C Coffee locations in Indy.  I can get very picky about my coffee temperature, and they've never looked at me strangely when I asked for super hot, even when ordering a simple small coffee.  They go out of their way to make sure my temperature is just right!I love how many old people come here.  That might sound weird, but I really love the chill, just-hangin-out, drinking their coffee and reading their paper old folks who always seem to frequent this location.Free wi-fi and helpful employees make this a 5 out of 5 review!
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,1/28/2011,20,42,4,7,4>Omg is this good grease. Do not judge a book by its cover there is some serious grub goin down at the Deli. This is what Bob Evans and Cracker Barrel wish they were but can't quite get there, not with all the down home farm tchotchkes in the world.  Their short order and fry cooks put out crispy bacon, perfect browned potatoes, custom omelets, fried chicken, you name it-- always right everytime.  fast, consistent, fresh.  Service is the swift "what will you be havin today, hon" kind-- coffee and water is always refilled before you see the bottom of the cup. my favorite on the menu is Momma's Pancake bkft-- 3 amazing pancakes with warm syrup, eggs, choice of sausage or bacon for a little over $7 bucks.  so good.  i see a lot of people get the biscuits and gravy and french toast. For lunch they offer all the deli standard sandwiches and meat and 2 sides type fare-- country fried steak, meatloaf, etc. Try their salmon cakes and fried cabbage.Mix of customers, during the workweek hip professionals in line behind blue collar workers in the know, weekends more of the young and hung over side by side with the after-church crowd. My only beef--- only one-- is their coffee could be darker/stronger.  And the jam/preserves could be out of a jar and not those little plastic food service thingys.  but who wants to bother with boring ol toast when you could have french toast, anyway!What more can i say, really nice people, really tastey no-frills food. Bring a paper or bring a friend, have a seat, order up. FoodNetwork producers, are y'all reading this???
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,1/27/2011,4,57,4,8,5>I can't believe it has taken me almost a year to update this review. I've been back to Tea's Me just about every week this year and am a huge fan. Friendly service, great recommendations, and a really interesting tea menu.I'm also happy to report that I've had much better experience with the vegetarian offerings since my first trip there. They have a good lunch special with half sandwich, soup, and greens. The tomato treat is yummy and filling.Also, my appreciation of iced tea has come a long way thanks to my first hot IN summer in years. Tea's Me does a great job keeping the full bodied flavor in their teas from being watered down with the ice. I strongly recommend the Japenese Cherry iced. It is really refreshing and doesn't need to be sweetened.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,1/26/2011,57,152,,4,5>Where to even start with reviewing Sun King? This stuff rocks. Upon moving to Indianapolis not too long ago, one of the first local institutions I was introduced to was the Sun King tasting room. Every time, every single time I stop by the tasting room to fill a growler and have some Wee Mac, Osiris, or whatever absolutely amazing beers are "on tap" to try, that very tiny beer is always the best beer I've had in my life. I've been drinking beer for quite a few years now, and I have never had anything even close to as consistently tasty as Sun King. Maybe it's the fact that it's brewed in Indy, maybe it's the fact that everybody working at the tasting room is as nice as any friend I've ever had, maybe it's the fact that no matter how hard you try, you can't find a frown in the tasting room or on the face of anybody who's just had a sip of their suds, whatever it is... this stuff makes my day better any day I'm lucky enough to get my hands on some.This is beer as beer should be. Get yourself some growlers!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,1/25/2011,130,709,4,6,4>Who knew about this place???Apparently its been in business for about nine months and I hope it stays because i think I've just found the new best Mexican restaurant in Indianapolis.First, the food - Delicious! The chips are warm and thankfully not over salted as is too often the case. The salsa is well balanced and there is a hot sauce on the table if you want to amp up the heat. I had tamales, a burrito and an enchilada - all very good. The beef is well seasoned. They do not throw on lettuce and rice as filler and I am thankful for that. Plus, the cheese is not over done - again, thankful. Interesting that the salsa that is on the main course is not the same salsa for the chips - this makes great sense and shows some thoughtfulness about the cuisine. The service was completely adequate and the decor is a little eclectic, but nice and...Mexicanny. It looks like all the chairs have been custom made with the Maya name carved into the back - a nice touch.I'll be back soon and if the experience is the same, 5 stars for sure.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,1/24/2011,185,178,4,4,4>The husband and I had dinner at Euphoria last night and enjoyed our finest dining experience ever.  We've eaten there only one other time last year and it was wonderful, too.  Everything was perfect and I wouldn't want a thing changed - the atmosphere, the service, the appetizer, the entrees, the wine and the dessert were truly remarkable. When we arrived at Euphoria we were eagerly greeted by Jess who was also our server.  She was great - she was very attentive and enjoyed answering our barrage of questions. We were definitely having trouble making a food decision because everything sounded so incredible and unique. The recommendations that Jess made for us were fabulous.  We started out with a very reasonably priced bottle of French red wine for $25. The wine was great.  We ordered the Braised pork with brussel sprouts, gouda, apples, pork jus and chicharrones.  Next time we go to Euphoria I'm going to order this appetizer again and then 2 more as my meal.  It's a square chunk of pork that is braised and has the most wonderful texture and flavor.  The outside is almost crisp and the inside melts in your mouth.  For one of our entrees we ordered the Moulard duck breast with sweet potatoes, maitake mushrooms, poblano creamed lentils and candied pumpkin seeds.  Ah, the duck was perfectly cooked and very rare in the middle. The breast was cut into thick slices and each slice was tender and juicy, The poblano cream sauce was a real hit with us, too.  For our other entree we ordered the Grilled sturgeon with farro, parsnips, apricots, pickled red onions and black rice chip. Not sure if we'd ever had sturgeon or farro or black rice chip so this meal was exciting.  The sturgeon was a thick slab of delicate, creamy, flaky white fish.  Perfectly cooked.  (Really is there anything more disappointing than overcooked fish?)  The fish was soooo great.  I think I would compare it to halibut (?) but I'm not sure.  We also ordered a dessert, which we rarely do since we don't eat a lot of sweets.  But, when we saw a savory dessert offering we decided to try it and we're so glad we did.  It consisted of a creamy goat cheese and housemade lady fingers.  Excellent finish to an excellent meal.  We love the atmosphere in Euphoria - it's a fancy yet comfortable. Dark wood, high ceilings, wonderful lighting and just beautifully decorated. They have a nice looking bar area off to the side that we may check-out soon, too.  I will admit that both times that we've been to Euphoria were not on the weekend so I'm not sure how crowded they get or if reservations are necessary.  You can check their website for more info.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,1/23/2011,69,64,3,4,4>Followed by reading a review by Jon A. I tested out this little tucked away diamond. Everything on the menu looked soo good and so did the dishes I saw coming out of the kitchen. I was lucky enough to be having lunch with a friend and his son so we decided to go halvsies on a couple of Tortas. We had Philippe's version of a Cuban. It had everything imaginable on it including but not limited to a fried egg, pineapple and avocado! now this wasn't really a Cuban but it did include the traditional Cubans ingredients. It took some manipulating of my jaw to actually bite this behemoth. The flavors went surprisingly well together especially the occasional taste of pineapple. Definitely try this one and don't be afraid it is big enough to share. The second torta was supposed be the #4 but accidentally came out the #3 or Shakira. It was fine because we were pretty much for anything. This torta didn't share the same girth as the Cubana but thank god. I don't think we could have finished it! This torta had breaded steak, Mexican Sausage and Mozzarella cheese and was very good as well. My friend and his son also ordered the steak and chicken tacos, which they said were excellent. I think my overall favorite little touches are the homemade Jalapeno and carrot giardinera and the little cup of lentil and hot dog (that's right HOT DOG) soup. The owner Philippe and his wife cooked and served with a smile. I actually went back a couple of days in a row just to make sure the food was SAFE for society!!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,1/22/2011,84,58,3,9,7>We drove all the way to Memphis for good BBQ and I can honestly say this place ain't half bad.  I actually prefer this small joint to what I have had in Memphis.  Beware the location is in a shady area of town and you will probably be waiting in line with some interesting characters.  Don't fret I have gone here numerous time early in the morning and come home in one piece.  They have ribs, rib tips, and BBQ chicken, and some other things but I usually only go there for the ribs and rib tips.  The ribs are not the fall off the bones kind, which I actually prefer.  I love that every piece have a nice char and it has that smoky flavor in the meat.  They make their own BBQ sauce which really hit the spot for me, it's not sweet like most BBQ sauce but more tangy.  You can order the meat alone or as a dinner with sides such as potato salad and mac n cheese.  Their portion is pretty decent as well.  They say most hole in the wall place are hidden treasure and this is definitely one of those!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,1/21/2011,15,280,1,9,7>Voluta is hands down the best tattoo shop in Indianapolis for so many reasons. The shop itself is clean, bright and when you're in there, you feel like you're part of this exclusive "cool kids" club, what with the door being locked to those who haven't made an appointment (seriously, knocking incessantly = not cool) and being privy to the creative process that the Voluta artists painstakingly go through with each client. The artists themselves are just that - artists. They have taken their love for the craft and channeled it into a way that makes it so much more personal than hanging one of their paintings on your wall. I don't mean to get all hokey about it, but Conan, Dina and Laura (my artist) really convey to their clients that they take your skin seriously. This isn't to say that they aren't a fun bunch of people, because they definitely are, but their focus and drive is unmatched.Laura is an incredible artist with attention to detail like none I've ever seen. The lines in my tattoo* are so fine, you almost can't believe it's real. I'm getting constant compliments on it, and I'm really happy with the way Laura took my ideas into consideration before we actually began the work. She is excellent at replying to emails. This is also the first tattoo I've had where I didn't briefly wish I hadn't gone through with it in the first five minutes of the needle touching my skin. She has such a light touch that parts of the process actually tickled. She was also very concerned about my comfort in the chair (which looks like something from a torture dungeon but is actually very comfortable) and made sure I was happy and hydrated throughout our session.Now for the caution that I give to anyone who factors in the price on where they go to get tattooed - Voluta is not cheap. If you're getting a custom tattoo, you're going to be charged for the drawing time as well as your time in the chair. They also don't rush their way through their work, so be prepared to hang out for a while. My whole tattoo, from the booth setup to the payment, took about 3 hours. However (and this is one of my pet peeves, so do what you will with this opinon), if you're looking for a discount on a tattoo, you probably shouldn't be getting one unless you don't care about  sacrificing safety and quality for a few bucks.*If you go on their website (which PCs kind of hate, but bear with it) and click on Laura's tattoo gallery, mine is the parakeet perched on a key.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,1/20/2011,64,79,3,5,4>I am definitely a fan! Reviving the city market is such a fantastic idea and the Tomlinson Tap Room certainly adds to the appeal. There is plenty of room around the bar to enjoy the company of fellow patrons. Bad news for those of us who do not live or work near the market, they close early (market is not an all evening/night event). They did provide a variety of local beers and are helpful and informative when it comes to the selection. I am hoping their wine selection (only a few bottles that went fast) grows as the business develops. Although, I am not oppose to tasting beers and we did get a glass of white to go along with our testers. In summation, go here and try it for yourself!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,1/19/2011,140,444,5,6,5>Yeeeeeelpers.....I have told you if you have not been, you MUST go and it's clear MANY of you have not!! I am not telling you again!  GO GO GO!Get onto their website, figure out what fits your personality, sign up for a dinner/class and ENJOY!! It is seriously worth every penny!My husband and I went for their five course "date night" last Friday and we came home feeling 10 lbs. heavier and sooooo super happy.  It was the first time I had ever sat inside, so it was much more of a restaurant feel only all the couples were around the same table....still romantic though!  The food was great "date" food.We had the awesome butternut squash soup with ricotta cheese, an orange beet salad, Indiana duck with gnocchi, pork with sweet potatoes and a pear tart for dessert....yes, I just listed an immense amount of exhilarating aphrodisiac inspiring food. Everything came out hot and was INCREDIBLY tasty.  I have to say, I love not choosing my own food.  I love being told...."this is good.  Eat it." Then I do and it's SOOOOOO FABULOUS!! Chef JJ and his team have mastered something in Indy that no one else has - a perfect balance of creating romance and friendship over fresh delectable bites without a forced or fake feeling.I seriously do not know why you have not been yet.  Stop reading and buy a ticket!  It is truly Indy's best kept secret (especially based on the lack of non-Yelp event reviews).
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,1/18/2011,13,98,5,3,6>Oh..  Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh.  Super berrified gelato and a mango sorbet!!!!   Excuse me while I clean the drool off my keyboard.  Really though.  I've taste tested nearly every flavor and I swear by those two.   This place has an overflow of dead animal eye candy if thats your sort of thing..  if you're a vegan animal activist and thinking about strolling on in for a little frozen treat, be warned.  If I hadn't been on my bike without a refrigerated purse so many miles from home I would have totally loaded myself down with some goat cheese and other delicious drool worthy items.  Oh, if only I lived in the surrounding neighborhood.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,1/17/2011,111,194,4,8,2>The BRICS folks have hit a homerun.  Well done, BRICS folks.They have perfectly executed a perfect idea in a perfect location:- gorgeous, airy interior with lots of lovely design touches (cool overhead fans, a fireplace that will come in handy in winter)- good system for processing their big crowds efficiently (take a number, deli style)- nice variety of ice cream flavors- house-made waffle cones- nice furniture/layout for seating- deck overlooking the Monon- old-fashioned hospitality; as my husband and I were sitting eating our cones, one of the owners came up and asked us if he could get us anything; unexpected but very nice- free wifi- and the list goes onWe chose the "briclet" size option after seeing the enormity of what they consider a single scoop.  I'd recommend it unless you're in training to be a sumo wrestler.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,1/16/2011,87,445,3,3,4>i can't wait to go back!! Pete & Amazing staff kept waters full & plates moving, i had ordered veggie spring rolls & he without hesitating told me that the PHO (my first time) had beef broth in it, just to make sure i knew that, i loved what i had & wanted what everyone had around me, that's why i'm going back!!FYI a family member in the market next door say they were moving in 4-5 months near 38th & Georgetown, so make sure to call for the correct address i stopped counting, i think there was over 200 plates in the menui'm so thankful for the Yelp Supper Club event, where young & old could break bread together & have a GREAT Time
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,1/15/2011,149,388,5,5,4>I really find it surprising that on many other travel sites our Indianapolis Zoo gets bashed. But I have been to several other zoos and they are pretty much all the same. Yes, other zoos may have more number of animals and they are all in plain view of the main drags when you walk through, but the Indianapolis Zoo is actually a Zoo that does more than it's lion's share of research and development (pun intended!) The Indianapolis Zoo is a world (not just US but world) leader in artificial insemination and youth animal development. The zoo is one a few that has been successful in breeding elephants and dolphins, in addition to many other large mammals. The zoo also raises millions of dollars for research grants and awards for animal conservation. The Indianapolis Prize is the largest animal conservation award in the world. Also, since I am a four year card carrying member, I have discovered that this zoo is a lot larger than a first stroll through can reveal. There are exhibits that are tucked away that are breathtakingly constructed. I honestly did not even discover the desert biome until last year and it was only this year that I discovered the "underground" snake habitat. It is amazing to me how many people miss the forests exhibits because, simply they are densely covered with flora and fauna and it seems like visitors expect much more signage. Maybe if signage improves (like huge signs that say, "Vicious Venomous snakes this way" or, "See a Bald Eagle over here,"), plus perhaps volunteer tour guides that highlight the several shows and interactive presentations, then maybe visitors won't feel like the only thing that they see is the petting zoo, the (lame except the carousel) rides, and the (always under construction) plains area. Also, many people miss the first thing when you go in, the Oceans exhibit: An indoor experience with a shark petting exhibit, penguins, sting rays, jellyfish, and much other aquatic life. Plus the huge walrus exhibit tucked in between the polar bear, Oceans, and the dolphin center. Many people also miss the dolphin exhibits underwater viewing dome where dolphins swim all around you! Here's a couple of tips to enjoy your money's worth. Get there as soon as the zoo opens on a Wednesday and you can see several of the animals getting fed or a bath. You can feed giraffes for a one dollar donation (11a), see the elephants get a bath just a few feet from you (11:30ish, times vary sometimes), see an educational animal show with several endangered species (various animals and times), watch Atlantic Bottle Nosed Dolphins perform amazing athletic feats (10:30, 12:30, 2:30), pet sharks (all day), and splash in the zoo's awesome water park (bring a bathing suit.) In addition, you may learn a little something about the world we live in and the planet for which we are in charge to care.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,1/14/2011,180,775,5,5,9>My review is for their philanthropy.  They opened their doors yesterday so that OneBrick and Yelp could prepare and serve meals to shelter residents from the area.  OneBrickers and Yelpers volunteered their time for one or more shifts...ranging from the dessert preparation on Wednesday night to prepping the dining room and preparing the meal to serving and clean up on Thanksgiving Day.I was there on Wednesday evening to help prepare desserts and again yesterday morning with my daughter to help prepare the meal and set up the dining room for the Thanksgiving feast.  The meal was prepared with all Indiana-grown products.The locale is easy to find and I loved the vibe.  I'm going to make it a point to return to The Earth House Collective for the cafe experience.Thanks to Indiana's Yelp Community Manager Jon A. and One Brick Indiananpolis Dana P. for making this happen.  And a big thank you to Wishard Hospital for donating the money to purchase the locally-grown food for the event.  I'm sure the shelter residents who were treated to a sit down meal, full on with hosts and hostesses, appreciated the event.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,1/13/2011,27,21,1,3,3>Excellent fish tacos. Homemade applesauce deluxe. The fish tacos require an appetite. 2 fillets marinated and juicy. Corn tortillas. 3 lovely homemade sauces including salsa guacamole and smoky spicy  delicious !!  Sara is a nice addition as well ;). Open for dinner!  I always thought this was a breakfast lunch kinda place ... Give em a try
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,1/12/2011,17,55,1,3,2>I highly recommend this place - we went on a Sunday for brunch and the place was packed! The strawberry pancakes and bacon,egg & cheese bagel were really good. The cappuccino was also delicious (minus the blonde hair that was in my first cup). Parking was difficult to find and it was very crowded on Sunday afternoon. Their menu is vegan/vegetarian friendly as well. The decor was modern, tasteful, and relaxing. The staff for the most part seemed friendly too.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,1/11/2011,6,16,2,6,3>I used to think that a brunch buffet was lost on a city such as Indianapolis with such staples as Bob Evans, IHOP, and McDonalds gracing this lovely cities interstate and mini malls.  But behold Cafe Zuppa!  A true treat for those that venture to their downtown location.The brunch is set up in a buffet style line that will run you right around $12-13 per person.  The food ranges from scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, breakfast pizza (amazing with vegetarian options), at least two special salads, fresh fruit, 3 soups, a bread bar, and multiple drinks to choose from.I'm completely blown away that this place is not packed every Sunday.  I have told all of my friends of this place and am hoping this review will bring in more positive business for the owners of this private establishment!Come here and enjoy conversation and a fantastic brunch with your loved ones and friends.  You will not be disappointed!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,1/10/2011,33,209,1,4,2>I've had several lunches and dinners here recently, and I'm totally hooked.  The red curry with beef is rich and fragrant, with lovely chunks of eggplant and tender seasoned meat.  The shrimp pad (pud) thai is very peanuty, and the shrimp is not the tiny salad shrimps, and it's perfectly cooked, a rare feat.  Their thursday night buffets are to die for ... one visit recently featured garlicky mussels, massman curry with beef, yellow curry with chicken, pork fried toast and several other tasty dishes.  The first thursday of each month features a vegetarian buffet.  Weekday lunch specials are a steal, with a full-size entree, soup or salad, spring roll and a piece of delicious rum cake all for $6.95.  The service has always been attentive, and the restaurant space is warm and cozy.  I highly recommend Thai Taste for thai novices and fans alike!
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,1/9/2011,388,59,1,14,8>The Wife and I joined the Indy Food Coop a couple of years ago and crossed our fingers that the plan - a cooperatively owned natural foods grocer on East 10th St. - would all come together as planned. My second concern was that if it did open, it would be a white, middle class splinter in the thumb of a predominantly black, working poor neighborhood. While Pogue's Run Grocer is by no means a finished product, the fact that it's open and stocked to the extent that it is excites me nearly to tears. Pogue's Run is a natural grocer/health foods store, so think Good Earth / Georgetown Health Foods / Nature's Pharm / Whole Foods. The store is clean, well-lit, simply laid out, and features fresh produce, eggs, dairy, bulk and dry goods, canned foods, a deli counter, prepared foods, pet food and household goods with a heavy focus on local products. The selection is varied but not overwhelming, which is a good thing. My favorite aspect of the store is that they carry soap, deodorant, and feminine hygiene products as well as dish and laundry detergent, toilet paper, and paper towels. We signed up for Farm Fresh Delivery while waiting for Pogue's Run to open, so between those weekly bins and Pogue's Runs selection, it's likely that we'll rarely, if ever, have to make trips to Target, Kroger, or Marsh again. You do not have to be a member of the co-op to shop here, but you do get regular discounts and voting rights if you join.Only time will tell what effect Pogue's Run will have on the neighborhood and vice versa, but I was encouraged by the fact that the first wave of hiring included people from the neighborhood alongside familiar faces from the local health food/Slow Food scene.Worst case scenario, Pogue's Run provides high quality, sustainably produced food and household products to East Side residents who don't want to drive to Broad Ripple, Castleton, or Greenwood to get them. Best case scenario, the store will play an important role in the transformation of a long-neglected neighborhood. I'm betting on the latter.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,1/8/2011,5,18,,3,2>I love City Dogs.  The owner there has been nothing but sweet to us for years.  We bought all of our dog food there when we lived in Broad Ripple.  Then when we moved south, we made special trips to get to City Dogs for our dog food just because we wanted to keep supporting the great people who own it.  Now we're really excited to see that there's a location that just opened on Mass Ave! Now the drive is shorter, and we still get to support a great business.  Thanks City Dogs!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,1/7/2011,78,198,2,5,4>I must admit I am mostly bicycle ignorant, but I am trying.  I came by with a flat tire, and received great service.  Turns out I had been riding around with embarassingly low air pressure, which damaged my tube.  Not only did they do the service I requested and educate me, but they did it in a manner that kept me from feeling stupid, even though on this one I was.  I really appreciated their service and friendliness and will go back for my future bike service needs.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2010,1/6/2011,165,152,4,7,5>I've never been treated so badly for wanting to donate.And I'm conflicted about writing a review for a place whose general purpose is worthwhile. But here it goes...I've dropped off donations at this Goodwill many times with no problem - until a few days ago, when my wife and I got there at 6:05pm this past Sunday. They closed at 6pm. We would've driven off and come back the next morning, no problem. But the guy working the drop-off door inside walked up to the door, slammed his hand against the glass, pointed at the sign and yelled "CAN'T YOU READ?!? We're closed!" Last time I checked, I could read. And if I recall correctly, there was no reason for him to erupt at us the way he did.Bewildered at his angry reaction, I was reading the sign to figure out when to come back when he yelled at us again. "And you can't drop leave your stuff here, either!" He stormed off and I yelled back, "Thanks for the polite service!"I understand that he probably wanted to go home, but his reaction was unjustified and antagonistic. I don't know if he was a volunteer or community service worker or employee, but regardless, I was surprised at the way he acted.Reluctantly, I came back the next morning and dealt with three people who were all polite and made me realize that it would be unfair to blast the place with a poor rating.But I did post my complaint to Twitter, and even though Goodwill Indy is on that service, they didn't respond. Why are they on social media? Guess I'll see if they respond here.I've been inside the store, too, and was underwhelmed. The housewares area was a completely jumbled mess, and the item I was looking for was surrounded by a LOT of broken stuff.I know I'll have non-broken stuff to donate in the future, but I might more carefully consider where I take it.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,1/5/2011,134,221,7,7,9>It ain't often that Indianapolis hits 'em outta the park, but the IMA really exceeds expectations. I finally checked out their "Summer Nights" outdoor movie series for a nostalgic viewing of "Pee Wee's Big Adventure" and was impressed. Their tiered lawn made for lots of good seating, and the sound and projection were excellent. I didn't spring for the pre-movie BBQ because I thought it a bit pricey at $30 (for ticket and food). Just the movie was $10 and it looks like you can bring your own picnic if you want (just no alcohol because they sell it there). So grab some blankets and a citronella candle and check out this series--it was a great way to spend a pleasant summer evening! As for the IMA in general, I can't wait to check out the new 100-acre arts garden that opened June 20th and the exhibit of WeeGee photographs I've been meaning to see since spring. In my opinion, the IMA and the central library are Indianapolis' two crown jewels. Now if we could focus a little more on building institutions like these and a little less on littering the skyline with fugly-ass brick barns like Lucas Oil Stadium, we might one day become a world-class city.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2010,1/4/2011,42,96,3,4,3>Ate here yesterday for lunch with the roommate and boyfriend... Let me preface this by saying I am a spicy, Mexican food fan!  This was slightly above q-doba level as far as burritos are concerned,  Prices were decent at about $10 per person, but the Nachos my roommate ordered were awesome!  Queso blanco was the perfect level of spice and they offered a huge selection of spicy salsas, rated from mild to 4X.  I am a 4X girl myself (in sooooo many ways) but I have to say it was pretty good for a knock of Qdoba.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,1/3/2011,210,195,5,8,6>I have to stay away from thrift stores unless I have a specific purpose.   Too many great things for way too little money.  I just purchased an outfit for a Tweed Ride for under $30.  (Jacket, Pants, Vest, Shoes, Socks, Tie)  $5 minimum for CC use!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,1/2/2011,133,150,3,4,3>This place is a favorite of mine...I come here with coworkers when we feel like taking a long lunch.  Forget the "Chinese" part of the menu - what you are coming for is the Vietnamese food.  Delicious Pho!   Authentic and tasty, it rivals any I've had outside of Indianapolis.  Noodle dishes are great too...everything is so fresh and cooked perfectly.  Service is attentive - the server is amazing actually, she remembers what everyone likes to eat to the point we really don't need menus anymore.  Try a Vietnamese iced coffee, they are yummy!  And did I mention they serve bubble (boba) tea! Awesome! Highly recommended!
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,1/1/2011,75,186,1,7,3>I love that you can get breakfast made fresh here with local, most of the time, organic ingredients for about $5. There's vendors selling Amish cheese panini, various pastries, ribs, Ethiopian fare,delicious soft pretzels w/ seriously addictive mustards, meaty breakfast sandwiches & customizable crepes, with meat or veggie toppings like wild mushroom & roasted red pepper or traditional sweet crepes. Don't forget to try a Spring Cleaner at Natural Born Juicers. There's also free trade coffee & a tea stand if that's more your thing. The venue offers seedlings, beautiful orchids & other houseplants, various artisans' wares, including pottery, soaps, cutting boards & rolling pins, vinegars, homemade pastas, sauces, vegetables, & honey. I love to get the darker honey & hit up the veggie stands when ramps come in in the spring. It really is a great way to spend an hour on the weekend supporting locals.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,12/30/2010,63,46,,7,4>This is one of the two Japanese places in Indy that is owned and run by Japanese.  I've been to Japan several times and this place is very authentic.  They definitely do sushi right (best in town in my book) but don't be afraid to get the other dishes.  All of them are just like you might find in a working class place in Japan.  They are also the only sushi place that I have been to in town that have fish with similar quality to the best places I have been in New York Or Los Angles.  It can be extra special if you go on Saturday.  They have their fish flown in especially for them on Friday and sometimes they have Toro  which is the  prized cut of the blue finned tuna fish.  It has a high fat content as it comes from a certain part of the fish's belly.  Their toro will be priced 1/10 of a typical sushi place.....if they have it.  This is the only place in Indy where I have successfully ordered it.   The staff is extra nice and will answer any culinary questions you might have.  The attached grocery also has many Japanese ingredients that you will not find anywhere else in Indy.  If they don't have what your looking for ask them.  They have ordered in special items upon my request.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,12/29/2010,38,223,,4,2>I've only eaten in the restaurant part once but I have spent many nights listening to music in the beer garden.  I go there much less often than I once did now that they charge cover on the weekends.  The beers are expensive as well.  But nothing beats sitting on a picnic bench and drinking large German beers with friends.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,12/28/2010,179,458,4,4,3>This is one of the largest capital buildings in the United States.  I was very impressed.  You will learn a lot about Government in Indianapolis.  You even get to see the Governor's office.  Tours are free, so what are you waiting for?!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,12/27/2010,123,216,,8,4>Green B.E.A.N. Delivery, formerly Farm Fresh Delivery is a food delivery service that delivers bins of organic produce and groceries right to your door!  The bins come in different sizes and the contents of the bin depends on which bin you choose.  A list of the fruits and vegetables included in the bin are sent by e mail every week and you can customize your delivery by changing out which fruits and vegetables you want to receive.  They have everything you would want and most of the produce is grown at local farms so I love that I'm supporting Indiana farmers.  In addition to produce, the website includes a variety of natural, locally produced grocery items that you can add to your order.  I usually add items such as bread, coffee, and salsa, but they have almost everything you'd need including meat, cheese, condiments, pasta, etc.  I have significantlly reduced my trips to the grocery store, which I love, not to mention I'm eating healthier and steering clear of impulse buys. I highly recommend Green B.E.A.N. delivery and with no membership fees, it's worth a try!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/17/2010,12/26/2010,63,195,4,6,4>I'd say 3.5 stars. It's a tough call. Everyone raved about the sound at this place, how it's SO GREAT. Looking around, you can tell they put a bunch of money into the acoustics of this place so it makes sense that it would sound good. Maybe it was just the guy mixing the sound the night I was there but man it wasn't anything I'd call great. It was tinny and harsh on the ears. I'm not talking loud, any music venue is loud. This was just bad. On a positive note, there's lots of seating, plus 2 large areas with couches up front. No smoking = fantastic. The decor is funky retro mixed with modern elements and I really like the lighted bar. Plenty of seating and lots of space up front for shows. They have pretty good beer selection on tap. BUT I took off points because I asked for water - I got a bottle of water. I said, "oh no - sorry, I just wanted tap water." I was told "we aren't doing that tonight." I'm still confused as to what that even means. The water in the bathroom worked. But seriously, ever hear of designated drivers - hello? Not a good idea to force those people to buy water - because they won't. If they need it, give it to 'em. It costs all of about 5 cents for the ice, water and cup.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,12/25/2010,27,127,2,6,2>I was dying to see what the rave is all about!  I've always wanted to go to Rosco's Chicken and Waffles in Cali, but I'm glad I went to Maxine's.  The food was awesome.  I first took my uncle and he ordered an omelet, and I had the waffles and chicken.  OMG!  OMG!  The chicken was perfect just like my granny used to make it, and the waffles were delicious!  We went on a Saturday morning, and the service was perfect.I decided to take my sister and the kids on a Sunday afternoon!  Will not do that again - we got stuck with the church crowd and had a long wait for a table and food!  Its not their fault, but we were starving.  I decided to do something different and actually got more of the soul "food" creations - sweet potatoes and macaroni and cheese....Um, I really wasn't impressed.  I think I'll stick with the waffles.  Now, the catfish was so flakey, well seasoned and tasty!  My sister also ordered her favorite sweet tea and lemonade and it was so so.  I don't think she is a fan.  I decided to take a friend when he was in town, but you really have to pay attention to their hours because you just can't go at any time like with typical restaurants.  They are closed early (right after lunch) on a few days.Bottom line, I'll stick with the chicken and waffles!!  I was so glad to see them featured on groupon a few days ago!  I'll definitely be going back!  The prices are reasonable and its a nice break from the chain establishments!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/24/2010,16,59,1,10,4>Filling the void of the reviled (or beloved, depending on your perspective) "Breezer" on 96th street, we now have a small chain winery / restaurant concept out of neighboring Illinois. Remodeling (and expanding) the old space, Cooper's Hawk is a modern twist of dark wood, mood lighting and darkly dressed, knowledgeable servers.We tried CH the night before Thanksgiving and were really pleased. The bar was full, with new patrons grabbing up the self seat high tops and booths and chatting up a storm in their slick surroundings. We opted for the dining room for a litle more quiet and were not disapointed. Our server was amazing. Incredibly knowledgable about the menu, the history of the restaurant / winery, the wine and the beer. He gave suggestions, came and went on a cadence that was neither intrusive nor too fleeting and promptly brought the bill when my jet lag began to set in.The menu is steaks, burgers, salads and some fish. They run a scratch kitchen - everything is made fresh, down to the dressings. We tried the burgers and they were great. They do those yummy little fried onion curls as one of your toppings which both dresses up your little friend and tastes delish. Nearby I saw steaks and fish being consumed post haste and everyone looked happy.CH produces their own wines and interestingly has a barrel wine that is never bottled. You can see the barrel when you walk past the kitchen where they will happily pour you a sample if you want to try before you buy. In the entry area is an actual wine bar for tastings and a storefront where you can puchase bottles and assorted wine trinkets if you have stockings to fill. It fits in and doesn't feel too commercial or cheesy. They did it right.The apple tart dessert is made fresh so you'll wait for it, but its good. Overall, great experience for a restaurant that's only been open for about 3 weeks now. If they are working out any bugs, you sure can't tell.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,12/22/2010,71,190,3,6,4>I love my gym!  I've been coming here since Jan 2009 and I love the indoor track for those cold (or super hot) days and how there are SO many cardio machines.  I hardly ever have to wait for a machine and I know that I can always find the newest and latest exercise equipment!  I work with Kris Simpson for my personal trainer through NIFS and she's amazing.  She's also a runner (and a triathlete) so she challenges me in the specific area that I'm training in - plus she's an amazing resource for all things running!  Through my work I get a reduced membership and also when I joined I also got a gym bag with all kinds of coupons to get me started on the right foot at NIFS!  I recommend this gym to anyone who is looking for a challenging workout without the stress and pressure of the meat market feeling that a lot of gyms have.  I've never been approached and I don't feel uncomfortable working out here.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2010,12/21/2010,23,124,5,4,3>Remember folks, no one could ever get an A+ if there weren't C students and complete failures out there. For better or worse, Plump's gets the C.If you have a favorite spot in Broad Ripple, by all means. If you think the 'drag' IS a drag most of the time, give Plump's a shot (rimshot...hello, this thing on?)Overall, this is about a 2.5 star place (but Yelp likes integers apparently). While there was nothing particularly bad about the place, it doesn't try very hard to stand out. They get the full third star for being a local pub still making it in Broad Ripple's chain-driven, commercial urban gentrification.Since my beer glass is usually (at least) half full, we'll focus on the pluses:Great patio, with wrought iron furniture (as opposed to the plastic Wal-Mart shit some places stick you in). The place is north of the 'top 40' scene, and there's something almost serene about it. Maybe it's the proximity to Rusted Moon?Our server was pretty awesome, so that helped. The food was decent -- nothing to write home about; the beer selection is OK in terms of quality beer; but they fail pretty hard on the selection. The prices seem pretty reasonable, which makes it easier to handle.All in all, there are certainly worse places you could hang out in Broad Ripple -- but -- put simply, one can do better.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,12/20/2010,265,331,1,7,5>Updated Dec. 2011: I believe this is the only vintage shop that carries vintage exclusively in just about every category of clothing and accessories imaginable. Purses, dresses, tops, skirts, jewelry, scarves, childrens clothes, etc. The shop just relocated into the heart of Fountain Square and doubled its space. It looks amazing and is overflowing with vintage. Great place to find a special occasion dress or piece of jewelry or other accessories. They had a ton of coats last time I was there also. If you love vintage shops, you'll enjoy it!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,12/19/2010,37,101,,3,5>Baseball is a sport that finds itself often in a unique situation when it comes to stadiums. Places like Wrigley Field, Camden Yards, Yankee Stadium, etc. become regarded more as holy places than stadiums by their true fans. If places like that are cathedrals, then Victory Field is the town church. Smaller, but well kept, and more intimate an experience.The story behind the stadium, and indeed the revitalization of downtown Indianapolis, is a fascinating one. The city elders decided that Indy needed to be more than just a flyover. The first step in that was the Hoosier Dome. Then came Circle Centre. Finally, Victory Field was born. It's a far cry from the old Busch Stadium, still standing in a crumbling and dilapidated state on the city's east side.The stadium is consistently regarded as one of the finest minor league ballparks in America, and gives a few major league stadiums a run for their money. Tickets are cheap, the team is competitive (despite being a farm team for the Pittsburgh Pirates), and the food, although somewhat generic, manages to be a slightly better value than the standard stadium fare. Victory Field is a symbol of Indianapolis' revitalization and growth. It stands as a testament to the foresight of the people that decided that if Indianapolis was ever going to grow as a city, that sports was the way to do it, and no one does sports quite like the Hoosier state. From the football fields of South Bend, to the hardwood floors of Bloomington, to the crown jewels of downtown Indianapolis, Indiana is more than just a sleepy midwestern city. We are Naptown, ascendant.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,12/18/2010,122,38,2,3,3>I've found a little piece of TRUE NOLA and it's in Indy on Mass Ave.  Loved it.  Simple New Orleans food with the down home feel of Frenchman St. plus the Jazz and Blues playing in the other room felt like I was dining next to the Spotted Cat.  The decor even matched the hole in wall atmosphere so enjoyed in eclectic NOLA.  Loved it.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,12/17/2010,17,14,,1,1>Yum! I went here last weekend for the first time and I loved it! It was a Saturday night and there wasn't much of a wait. I ordered the chicken kebab and it was good, I even needed a take home box! It's very cozy and comfortable! I definitely will go back!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,12/16/2010,66,229,1,2,3>This is the best music venue and dive bar in town. Rock, metal, punk, country are all represented on their calendar. Over the years, bands that i play in have stunk up The Historic Melody Inn's small stage many, many times, and it is safe to say it my favorite place to play anywhere. Dave, Rob and their crew always treat the bands very well. The bar service is always great. The prices are cheap and the pours are generous. There is usually a good craft beer on draft if you don't feel like a PBR which is probably the most ordered beverage here. I've also discovered how cool and low key the Mel is for an after work drink in the middle of the week. Its nice to sit in there and soak up the divey-ness while watching something random on TV without one's ears being pummeled by cranked amps. If you are a fan of live music, and you have not been here, you are missing out.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,12/15/2010,26,62,1,3,2>There are not a lot of delic places on the west side of Indy..This cozy sandwich bar is packed with people!! Amazingly it's very fast and efficient. The food is really really good..and they have a lot of healthy choices. The owner and people who work here treat you like your family. I highly recommend the soups for the upcoming cold weather.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,12/14/2010,69,176,1,4,5>I love the lunch special here. Haven't tried anything else because there is such a variety of delicious, well priced items on the lunch menu.  I have been dying to try the mango lobster roll though.  Lunch is 6.95 and includes 2 rolls, and soup, salad, or drink.  There are a also some bento boxes and hibachi grilled choices for the same price if sushi is not your thing.  If you are really hungry there is a lunch option for 3 sushi rolls for 9.95 including drink, soup, or salad as well.   It's not just basic rolls on the lunch menu special.  My favorite are the shrimp tempura and boston rolls so far.  The last meal that I got was the salmon and that was delicious.  Cooked perfectly and lightly flavored with a sweet soy sauce.  It came with some shumai, vegetables, california roll, white rice, and a pop. It's never been busy and the service is great.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,12/13/2010,61,22,2,4,3>This is a regular spot for my family. There are several things that I love about this place:1. Without a doubt they have friendliest staff in the city. They truly are a remarkable group of people that go out of their way to serve you.2. Fresh real food. There may be a lot of butter on your toast, but you know what? It is the best damn butter that they can buy. You can even buy it there.3. One of the only places in the city with a cheese course. I like cheese (my problem), many restaurants have done away with wine and cheese. They have not.4. Excellent crepes.Dining is about the entire experience. They have great food, GREAT SERVICE, great atmosphere, and my repeat business. Yes, it is expensive, but when food, service, and atmosphere are top notch, then I really don't care as mush about the tab.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,12/11/2010,73,173,3,3,4>I really like this salon and have been going there for years.  Valerie owns the salon and she is the one that cuts my hair.  She always asks me how I want my hair cut and I always tell her to make me look good.  She takes it from there and makes me look as good as she can :)
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,12/10/2010,27,36,,1,1>Very fun place- especially for kids.  Great selection of standard candy + unique candies, homemade carmel corn, gelato and ice cream.  They host birthday parties and kids love it.  Very reasonable and always friendly.  I read the other review today while I was in the boutique and checked out offerings- as I mentioned, lots to choose from- including things you don't see everywhere else.  Highly recommend!
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,12/9/2010,2,4,5,3,3>I LOVE this hole in the wall. It's The Best In Indy!!!Dark, dingy, dirty decor...cold, cheap, constantly coming cocktails...perfect.Karaoke with Norm on Friday nights is always a hit. Some amazing singers, and, well...others...mixed in. Norms makes them all (mostly) sound good.Greasy, tasty bar food. The nachos are HUGE. Enough for 4...easily. Same with the tenderloin. Enormous!Great bar staff. You may have to wait a little while if they are packed, but it is always worth it.I have been coming to the LR for over 7 years. Wow! I remember when it was one small room with the corner fireplace. Now, it's much bigger, with a fireplace in the wall. It is still that same old LR feel. Stinky, anything goes, fun, disgusting, alive kind-of place. Hey, I met my husband here years ago and you can still find us there on Fridays (and maybe a few other days), enjoying what is the one, the only, LR.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,12/7/2010,26,13,,2,2>I love Sakura I eat here as often as possible! I am vegan and they have the best vegetable roll and asparagus roll anywhere! They will work with your diet needs and sub meat for tofu in any of their dishes. The food here is always cooked to perfection and deliciously fresh! The staff is friendly and attentive. go before 6:15 of you will wait for a table!
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,12/6/2010,21,19,,2,3>We ate at Pure Eatery less than a week after they opened so the menu was pretty basic.  That being said, I had the caponata flatbread sandwich which was very good.  All the ingredients were very fresh.  Also had the pasta salad which is homemade and loaded with olives, yummy.  Amy, the owner, indicated they would be added more menu items like daily sandwich, soup and salad specials in the future.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,12/5/2010,5,16,3,6,5>I have passed this place many times with that look of longing that only chocolate can provoke. I wanted to take them up on the challenge implied by their name. The Best Chocolate in Town? Bring it on!However, I still have not stepped into their store. I have had the extremely good fortune to be on the receiving end of a box of their truffles.My top 5 from the red velvet  heart-shaped box: Dark Chocolate Cheesecake, Guinness, Mocha, Tiramisu, and Cappuccino. However, even the "worst" truffle in the box was actually still a great truffle...more like "least heavenly." And I LOVE the idea that you can choose which chocolates go in the box...Shave my head? Hell no. For a chocolate from here: where's the clippers?!?I am very interested in the Nocturne Truffle, which was unfortunately not available at the time (I would imagine it sold out). However, I can imagine strolling in here on a sunny Spring day after a picnic and trying one (or five...and a brownie).And as someone who has made truffles at home since childhood, this is quite the surprise!
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,12/4/2010,127,18,,3,2>The IMS is an experience everybody should have at least once in their lives!  The whole month of May pretty much is dedicated to the Indy 500 and it is truly the greatest race in the world.  Join the 500,000 race fans that flock to Speedway, Indiana every year to share in the electric atmosphere.  I have been to all the races many times over the years and every year I see something new.  The IMS is the premier track in the world and home to Nascar's Brickyard 400 and the International bike race the Moto GP.  All unique experiences and crowds in themselves.  I would highly recommend bringing a cooler and bringing your own food and drinks if you don't want to be limited to the gourmet track options.  Those generally consist of hot dogs, corn dogs, popcorn, pretzels, soda and the not so healthy end of the food spectrum.  But then again, it's all part of the experience.  Some people camp out for the weekend or take buses into the track and some take their cars into the infield which is always nice for shade and a place for cover.  Bring sunblock and an umbrella because it's either going to be blazing hot or rainy...sometimes both in the same day!  Avid race fan or not, this is something to see and with the admission to the infield only being $20 it's something that can fit any budget.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,12/3/2010,17,20,,3,4>Really enjoyed the Munchie Supreme, a great pastami sandwich on rye with fries on the sandwich yesterday! Went back again today and had another great sandwich in Billy's Italian! Looking forward to trying their soups and salads! Northside Kitchenette looks to be a great addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,12/2/2010,63,307,,2,1>I am usually not one to get too many items dry cleaned, so I don't often make a trip to the cleaners. However, I recently took a bridesmaid dress to Vista Cleaners, post-wedding. The night was a little crazy and the dress probably had no fewer than 10 giant champagne and/or beer stains on it... oops! No worries, the staff at Vista is fantastic and the dress now looks as good as new! And, it was done the next day! Would definitely recommend this to another drunken bridesmaid, or anyone who is looking for a great dry cleaner on the Southside!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/13/2010,12/1/2010,24,29,,4,2>Barlo's is what my southern roots-bearing mother would affectionately describe as a 'greasy spoon'. That is to say it is a modest little neighborhood mom and pop restaurant. The caveat to this story is that they actually have two locations and for good reason IMHO. No overly expressive lighting nor yuppie-ish oil paintings, this is a place you go just for the food. I mostly frequent Barlo's on Kentucky Ave for lunch. The freshness of the food makes you wonder why pizza hut is even in business. Additionally, they have so much more of the Italian dishes you expect from a pizzeria like stromboli's and real calzones all made from scratch. Prices are on par with PizzaHut/Dominos. Couple that with a friendly staff that treats you like a regular the moment you hit the door and you have a recipe for satisfaction. If you find yourself on Kentucky Ave(In-67) or motoring along on west Southport rd, this little place is def worth a shot.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2010,11/30/2010,15,2,2,8,5>I love Pizza!  Today, while driving home from Broadripple, I caught  a new "open" sign out of the corner of my eye while waiting on the light at College and 54th St.   Jazz Kitchens' new Bebop Pizza.  I ran in later to grab a menu.  While I was there I watched the guys making the pizzas, and I couldn't resist.  I had to have one.  I love the saying that "vegetarians are just lazy hunters".  So, I decided to go with the "'grinder":  a combination of Italian sausage, pepperoni, ham, andouille sausage, and bacon(que Homer Simpson, "Ummmmm Bacon").   I was told that it would be approximately 30 minutes.  I killed some time by running across the street and wondering thru The Fresh Market(also a handy place to park while you are picking up your order (next time I will call it in).  Bebop is pretty simple.  An oven, a counter, and a prep area all within view of the customer.  There are no tables or even chairs to sit in while you wait for your order, but a lot of places right in that area to kill time in.  The staff were busy yet very friendly (genuinely so, not in a thank you for shopping our Walmart sorta way)    I guess I should talk about the pies.  There are 3 sizes to choose from 8, 12, and 16 inches.  I ordered the 12" Grinder and 2 sodas, and was also able to leave a tip for the guys all for $20.      When I got home, I opened up the unique box and discovered a beautiful pie loaded with a great selection of meats.  Eventhough there were some heavy toppings on it, the thin crispy crust was able to support it all without folding.  The Crust was cooked perfectly.  Crisp and Crunchy.  The sauce could use a little more spice to it, but it complimented the spicy andouille and bacon really well.  There was a nice amount of cheese so that you had to separate the cheese dripping from your slice to the main pie with your fingers( I love that).  The 12"  was really enough for 2 people, but I have to admit:  I ATE THE WHOLE THING.  It was tough there at the end.  I thought, "take a slice up to your roommate" or "save some for tomorrow" Not happening.  Greedily I had to finish it all myself.        BTW  I was confused by the conflict on the menus listing a lunch special from 11-2.  The hours listed on the menu are Sun-Thurs 4 to 10 and Fri&Sat Noon to Midnight.  I called and they said the special is on Friday and Saturday from Noon til 2.  Also, excited to see that delivery is only an additional $1.50 for when I am feeling too lazy to get in the car and drive 6 blocks.        I am not saying I am a pizza know it all, but I worked for some chain pizza restaurants. And, most recently, was a manager for another Meridian Kessler Neopolitan Pizzaria.  I've been known to drive an hour to get pizza at my favorite little Pizza place in my home town, Lafayette, IN.  This place could replace them as my fave.  Looking forward to doing more research esp. the "el malo". A combination of spicy chicken, jalapeno, black olive, roma bell peppers, red onion, and sour cream.  They also have a selection of pastas, salads, pizza bread, cookies, and !chocolate covered strawberries!     Almost forgot to mention...not feeling like whole pie?  Bebop has Cheese or pepperoni that you can add toppings to available Fri and Sat from 12 to 4 and after 10pm those same days.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,11/29/2010,13,74,2,5,3>We went for an early dinner on a Saturday night and were pleasantly surprised at what we found at Abyssinia.  This is a fantastic little gem of a place tucked in an unassuming strip mall.Both meat-eaters and vegetarians will find plenty of tasty options to suit their tastes at Abyssinia.  We had the vegetarian taster, as well as one of the meat tasting menu.  The food was all delicious!  Most of the dishes weren't very spicy but some had a bit of kick to them.    There was plenty of food for the two of us, we didn't finish everything either.  The waiter was really pleasant and attentive.  The decor of the restaurant is really nice, with warm tones of color on the walls.  There are some traditional tables with the basket and stools, as well as Western tables for those who want a back to their seats.  My only complaint is that there are two flat screen tv's at either end of the restaurant and they were at full volume when we got there.  Who on earth wants to go to a decent restaurant and watch tv?  You can sit at home and watch tv while you eat.  The annoying thing is that with all the pretty, moving colors, it's hard to not watch while you eat.  I really think the tv killed the atmosphere of the place.  How about shutting them off and playing some music?  That would be killer, to go hand-in-hand with the killer food. Well, the food still far too good to pass up due to the inconvenience of a little modern technology.  I highly recommend giving this place a shot.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,11/28/2010,68,56,,,1>I can't say enough great things about this place! I've been to BUDA at least 5 times in the last few months and had a great experience every time. If you like spicy sushi, try the blonde rolls. Their drink list is extensive and flavorful. Try the Dirty Geisha or the Fortune Cookie drinks. They also sell cigars, which I've never tried there. It's like a little slice of NYC here in Indy. Oh, and the service is amazing too.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,11/26/2010,16,38,4,9,3>This a fun salon located near downtown Fishers.  All of the stylists seem to keep up with the latest trends.  I have never been in there when it wasn't busy.  They seem to have a repeat clientele.  The prices are reasonable.  Each client receives a scalp massage and complimentary drink (wine included).  The front desk could be a bit more friendly but that's easy to overlook when you have walk out with great hair.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,11/25/2010,3,12,,3,3>Every time I've been to Naisa, the food has been excellent. I've only gotten take-out, so I can't say how restaurant service is, but it's definitely worth checking out.The Tangerine Chicken and the little donuts are delicious! And I love that Naisa is always willing to tone down the spice on the Tangerine Chicken for a weenie like me.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,11/24/2010,48,60,,2,2>The Steer In has old time charm and a neighborhood feel about it.  They welcome you in and make you feel right at home.  I have only had breakfast here but it is exactly what I was looking for!  Not pretentious, classic breakfast.  I would definitely categorize it as greasy spoon.  If that is what you are looking for then the Steer In will satisfy your needs.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,11/23/2010,69,61,2,2,1>Hands down the best pizza in the city. Although living literally two blocks from the place makes me slightly partial, I'd like to think that I "know" my pizza and Jockamo blows the competition out of the water. From the breadsticks to the pizza's crust, it's all amazing. You can NEVER get a bad pie from this place.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,11/22/2010,12,58,,1,2>Great little sushi place. They don't have a gluten free menu, but they knew that soy sauce is usually fermented with wheat which makes me trust them more than most places. Make sure you read the menu and ask questions since the entree my beloved ordered had shrimp hidden under the beef - the menu wasn't clear if you don't know the sushi names. We were seated by an adorable little girl which gave an at home feel to the restaurant.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,11/21/2010,36,182,,3,3>Good old Indiana home cooking! This is a great place to take the family or eat solo. (You just have to barrel thru the Betty White fan club to get in) lol.The meatloaf is amazing and sweet. The stuffed pepper was just as flavorful, and the Pumpkin Pie was the show stopper! I know that the fried chicken is on the top of everyones list here, but I was at home with the meatloaf.The service was beyond great! Something that's hard to find these days. Not once did I ever have to ask for a refill; the waitress kept my water topped off. I have to say... I wish other restaurants would take notes! These guys have the right idea!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,11/20/2010,13,8,,1,1>Service at the Aristocrat is always good.  They are on top of refills and getting your food to you fast.  The Reuben is the way to go.  I don't know how they do it but it is sooo good.  I don't recommend the Gorgonzola pasta.  Where was the Gorgonzola and why were there peppers and onions in it?  Just didn't hit me or the people I was dining with right.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,11/19/2010,57,152,,2,4>Tea's Me was absolutely great. I stopped in here on the Indycog Tweed Ride (which was a blast!) and had excellent service with a gigantic smile, some of the best carrot cake I've had in a while, and some delicious tea (both the earl grey green and english breakfast black). The patio was lovely to sit on, and the selection of teas behind the counter is inviting me back to try as many as I can! I'll be back to this little gem many times to get to know it better.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,11/18/2010,2,5,,2,3>Everything about Pinheads is grade A.  The staff is courteous and friendly, especially Chris at the front-- he even remembers my shoe size!  The place is always clean and now has even nicer comfy furniture.  The only flaw is that I am sure they have a magnet under some of the pins- that is the only thing that explains why I don't get more strikes!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,11/17/2010,185,178,,5,2>While discussing the opening of yet another bbq chain on our side of town we suddenly realized - we were hungry for some good bbq.  We hadn't been to Squealers for a long, long time plus we had a ZooBook Coupon that was begging to be used, so we decided to head on over to the Mooresville location this last Saturday for an early dinner. The atmosphere was just what we were in the mood for - a family-friendly (i.e.- no smoking!) country-ish feel, large dining room with high ceiling, picnic-style tables scattered around but not overcrowded. We settled down in the small bar area, which is separated from the dining room, where a great mixture of blues and blues rock was playing (rather loudly to my enjoyment) across the stereo system. Squealers smokes all of their meats fresh daily over cherry & hickory wood - the delicious smell was immediately enticing and we made our food decisions quickly. The bartender was our server and he proved to be very proficient at his job. We both ordered "pick-two" platters which consist of 2 choices of meats and 2 sides. Since we wanted to try as much as possible, we both ordered different  meats and different sides. We also ordered the meats with a dry rub only and Squealer's housemade bbq sauces on the side. We only had a very short wait before our meals were served. The St Louis-style ribs were great - they had a crunchy bark and the meat was tender and very flavorful. The Jumbo chicken wings were JUMBO and cooked perfectly - tender & juicy.  The beef brisket was wonderful - tender, moist and pink in the middle.  And, the best for last, the pulled pork was truly perfect in every way.  It had the most amazing smoke flavor and the perfect melt in your mouth texture. The sides were great, too. We had the bbq baked beans which were surprisingly mild & simple but were a great accompaniment to the highly flavorful meats. The mac'n'cheese was creamy and intensely cheesey. The cole slaw was creamy but sweet and the cabbage was nice & crunchy.  Onion rings were good.  The meals also came with 2 fried biscuits and apple butter. I honestly have never understood the Hoosier fascination for this dish but, after having Squealer's version, I am now a fan.  Fried & crisp on the outside and chewy & fresh on the inside. The apple butter was good, too but we enjoyed dipping the biscuits in our sides of bbq sauce.  We also had beer with our meals - they have your basic domestic drafts and bottles, also a small selection of craft beer in bottles and also Oaken Barrel Indiana Amber on draft!  We'll be going back to Squealers soon.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,11/16/2010,3,7,,4,3>I really like this spa.  The atmosphere is very peaceful and classy.  The stylists are very professional and I have never had a bad experience.  I have been their customer for 3 years and so has my husband.  My stylist is Kris Crafton and she does fantastic color!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,11/15/2010,8,20,,2,3>I've seen Viet Bistro for a few years, but last night was the first chance to try out their food. From the sign up front welcoming vegetarians (don't worry - they have non-vegetarian food, too) and the friendly hostess who spoke with a sing-song Vietnamese accent, this place has a very non-assuming vibe. The food was well priced and delicious. I had the fresh spring rolls (must try these!) and the curried tofu along with a bottomless cup of jasmine tea. The food came out promptly and the service was wonderful.Go here for a relaxed dinner with friends or family.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,11/14/2010,22,30,,3,3>awesome! had the pho... noodles were perfect, the chicken was actually chicken (not the over-processed kind). service was super nice and all for $6! will def be back.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,11/13/2010,31,38,,2,4>It's pretty much perfect. The help is friendly in a down-home way, the old television has a questionable picture but blares loud enough to make up for it, and the food is delicious. I've had the tips, ribs, catfish, perch, and chicken. It's all spectacular. The sides are just as good, too. Living in the south for three years, I always go for collard greens, yams, etc.  Sooooooo good!Even though I have the menu at my house, I always wait to order there just so I can hang out and see what's happening with some of the friendliest folks in town. The spicy sauce is pretty spicy to my taste, but isn't that how it should be? It's definitely more of a carry-out place, but you'll be having so much fun you just might decide to hang out and eat there anyway.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2010,11/12/2010,64,79,3,4,3>'Tis ok.  I had the ziti which I thought was pretty good but the rolls/bread that were brought out were definitely a bit too sweet for my tasting.  I wasn't a fan.  The calamari breading was a bit thick which left me with another 'tis ok feeling.  The atmosphere is cozy but a bit crowded.  The last thing I do want to note is that there are ashtrays and benches directly outside of the entrance.  I am sure these are for the waits (since restaurant is smaller) but it only encourages smokers to use that space.  For those who are offended by smoke I think that would be a deal breaker in itself.  Try it, maybe you'll like it but don't make a special trip.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,11/11/2010,140,444,4,7,7>Nestled in downtown Carmel off Main Street across from Yelp's most controversially reviewed MugBuns, is La Mie Emilie.  With a few outdoor seating options and an extensive dessert menu, this place is a special treat awaiting you, Yelpers!  My sister and new fellow Yelper, Audra L. (welcome her with open arms - she is awesome) and I went for brunch today before going to see Eclipse.I have to say....there were MULTITUDES of items to explore on the menu.  I was so disappointed that I could not taste test ALL the crepes...there so many fabulous choices!  I ended up getting Ham and Cheese Galettes, which was made of buckwheat crepes and hosted an over easy egg and I added tomato.  It was so savory and delish!  My sister devoured (and I mean...one minute there was 5 bites and the next, she practically licked her plate) the baked french toast that was piled with french preserves and whipped cream!  It was a dessert for brunch!I also got a large mocha cappuccino that was steamed to perfection.  I am a coffee snob, so this is a VERY nice compliment to an already fabulous meal.  But, "the as good as it gets" star rating also comes with an AMAZING price and incredibly warm and friendly service.  I was downright shocked at how reasonable everything on the menu was and how sweet and accommodating the wait staff was.  NOTHING was over-priced!  I was floored when I received my bill for just over $10 and my sister only paid $8.  This caused me to spend more on a tip (b/c they were fab!) and appreciate my experience even more!I recommend brunch, lunch (I really want to try the chicken salad with almonds as other Yelpers have mentioned) and coffee with friends.  It's a great first date place.  They are quick in case it isn't going well, it's casual, inexpensive but makes a great first impression! This little treat is a gem that I will return to VERY soon!  I could shout from the rooftops about it!  I want to try the MANY desserts and am contemplating getting an entire apple pie to eat for myself....it looked like the best thing in the case today!  Don't miss out!  It's worth a trip from downtown for those of you who aren't Carmelites...I promise it's worth it! (Oh and call me first...I might want to join!)
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,11/10/2010,111,194,3,6,6>Hey Folks!Two weeks ago Goose the Market opened an "Enoteca" in their cellar, where they serve wine and beer by the glass and some snacks too.They have two large communal farmhouse-style tables down there, so it's a nice place to catch up with friends.A lovely addition!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2010,11/9/2010,149,388,5,5,4>I've been getting my hair faded here for about ten years now.  The name of the shop has changed three times but the barbers remain the same.  Each one living out the American dream as they know best - as an artist who happens to style hair.  Their experience shows in their work.  There is not a single style that they cannot make look fresh to def.  Today I saw a dude getting his Jheri Curl faded up.  If that ish ain't skill than I dunno what is.Also, real, deep political conversation goes on here every day.  Whether it's about social economic issues, the best team or player, or a questionable decision by a noted person of interest, you will find meaningful debate and banter here about any subject.  The barber shop is where I can check-in and get the pulse of my neighborhood in Indy.Nothing is taboo.  Everything is free and open discussion.  If an argument doesn't have a leg to stand on, then it will be exposed.  If it based on assumptions, the assumptions will be questioned and debated as well. Nothing here is taken for granted in any discussion, so debates can rage on for hours until a common ground is reached for the basis of discussion.The debates are supremely fascinating and definitely worth a few hours on a Saturday morning to what the latest discussion is while getting your head right.  Xclusive Cuts (or no matter what the name becomes next) is an invaluable community asset, because not only does it employ five full-time business men, but it also provides an engaging and safe forum for the community.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,11/8/2010,44,102,4,5,3>Love it! My son and I tried Brics tonight and it was fabulous.  The staff was super friendly. They offered samples and I jokingly said "one of each" and she said "You can do that. You can try one of each."  I didn't, I actually only sampled 3. The Yellow Cake Batter, Lemon Custard and French Silk.  All 3 were great. I chose the French Silk and my son chose the Yellow Cake Batter.  We were not at all disappointed.  I loved that since we decided to stay there to eat our treats, we were served our ice cream in actual glass dishes, with real spoons. They even give you samples on real spoons.My son has decided we need to go back there "all the time".
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,11/7/2010,180,775,5,5,5>I'm definitely going to come back here - especially since it is so close to my home.  The daughters and I wanted to get Thai food tonight for dinner and so went online and got Thai Cafe's menu.  I also turned to you - dear Yelpers - and took to heart your recommendation to try the Yum Salad.  What can I say?  YUM!!!  At first, my daughters were like - "ummm, I'm not sure about that salad" and then they tried it.  Total 360...the salad was gone before I could blink an eye...so much for leftovers :-)We also ordered the #25 Phanaeng Curry with Chicken and the #23 Padd Priew Waan with chicken.  Everything was yummy and came with plenty of white rice and soup with each of the entrees.  Normally, we would have gone with a 'heat' level of 3 or 4 since we like our food spicy...but with a nursing mommy in our group, we stuck with a level of 2.  Portion sizes were generous.  Guess what I'm having for lunch tomorrow?
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,11/6/2010,104,322,,8,8>I am not naturally talented at any sport, nor do I have control over my eye/hand coordination. So when a dear friend suggested I try pole dancing I almost fell over laughing... I love to exercise, yoga is my favorite so I thought yeah right, a cardio pole class? Isn't that for strippers? NO, most definitely not. I can honestly say (and I have done 30 straight days of intense yoga) that the first class kicked my ass & I loved it! It was so much fun I had no idea how hard I was working! The next morning I felt like the Incredibly Hulk my arms felt like I had ripped through every muscle. I know that sounds bad, but it isn't- not at all. To me it is amazing to feel how hard I worked!Indy Pole Dancers (IPD) is an amazing group of women who encourage each other to work out and have fun while doing so.They offer all types of classes, my personal favorite is Blythe's Monday/Wednesday evening class where she focuses on inversions. From beginner to advanced there is something for every girl who has a playful side. They even offer bachelorette parties!!
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,11/5/2010,165,152,3,5,5>Any place that plays Andrew Bird, serves Bavarian cheese and offers unique beverages like the cucumber-vodka-with-fresh-basil cocktail I had is A+ in my book. The setting gives the place the 5th star, too: straight out of dark-wood-brown-leather-dimly-lit heaven.Good service, too.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,11/4/2010,109,103,,7,3>This is the place to go for Pumpkins in Indy. The best pumpkin patch in town , with a mini corn maze and a kiddy carnival to go with. So If you've got youngsters from 3-12 this is the place to Jack-O-lantern shop!!!While you pick up some Cider, apples, & mums for yourself, and don't forget the indiana grown pop-corn!
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,11/3/2010,59,320,3,4,6>I have to admit... when I first saw the building, I was quite suspicious. It's hard to get to, looks deserted from the outside.Man, was I surprised. The building is chock full of beautiful antique furniture, artwork, jewelry... and all kinds of fun kitsch too!I found no less than 100 different things I loved. Thankfully, my bank account was pretty slim that day, but I still walked out with an adorable salt/pepper shaker set, a fleur de lis stone wall plaque, and a hilarious old book about etiquette. We have a 1920s Cape Code home and I guarantee it will start getting filled with treasures from Midland.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2010,11/2/2010,134,221,8,8,5>I wanted to call this place a "hidden gem," but while my City Café experience was pleasant, it didn't blow me away, so the "gem" portion of this cliche didn't apply. Still, it IS kind of hidden. Their unassuming neon sign is just demure enough that I didn't notice it for like a year. Then, even after I noticed it and figured out it was a breakfast joint, I kept forgetting to stop in. So one of my favorite brunching companions was in town for the weekend and it seemed like the perfect opportunity to finally check out CC. I was underwhelmed by the décor, which is pretty spare and not very homey for a place called "café." I was delighted, however, that the menu was creative (with options like migas), and they had both a sweet and savory special. Sadly, they were out of the interesting-sounding polenta dish that was on special. We ended up going all sweet with the granola pancake special and the cereal-coated French toast. I loved the texture of the French toast, and the fact that it was served with real maple syrup. The pancakes were good, but, in the end, not terribly special.The servers were super nice and funny. My only complaint was that our main server asked if we wanted cream for our coffee and then forgot to bring it to us until my friend got up from the table to retrieve it. Our food arrived a minute later, so we had no time to just enjoy our coffee. If you want to bring down my brunch experience a notch, be sure to somehow delay or screw up the coffee. (What can I say? I'm a junkie.)I'd give City Café a 3.5, but a 4 would really be too generous. That said, I'll probably be back. If you want something a little less trendy than the Hoaglin's square-plate experience, this is a nice alternative for breakfast or brunch in the downtown area. Maybe it's more like a "hidden geode"...?
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,11/1/2010,4,57,,2,2>Delicious. Got there at 11:30 for lunch today and sailed through the line. The crowd does come in soon after, though, so do some advance planning for weekday lunch.I had a create your own salad with the tarragon dressing. It was a full meal with fresh veggies and a nice dressing. They also have a nice selection of tea and I settled on a ginger white that was recommended by a staff member. I shared fries with my lunch buddy. They were delicious.Service was nicely done. It's not a quick lunch, but it didn't take very long to get our food. The restaurant is well layed out. Despite the open nature of the seating, I didn't have any trouble holding a conversation and wasn't unavoidably eavesdropping on conversations around me. The decor was likewise pleasant.I resisted the temptation to hit up the desserts, but they looked fantastic.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,10/31/2010,33,12,1,1,1>I went and had lunch here recently. I really liked the decor. The service was great. They have a good selection of wines and a great lunch menu. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and very much look forward to having dinner here some time in the future.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,10/30/2010,62,69,2,2,2>The Indianapolis Zoo is a great place to take kids.  There are great animal exhibits, a fun dolphin show that runs throughout the day, and the entire park is beautifully landscaped.There is also a nice food court area and a large outdoor playground for children.I would suggest getting a season pass if you are a regular.  You can save a decent amount of money.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,10/29/2010,135,357,3,5,5>Cruising undiscovered Indy with fellow yelper Ross M., I came across another diamond in the rough. This place is a true gem! Reminiscent of the taco trucks I knew from my days in San Diego, El Taco Veloz of Indiana would hold its own in Chula Vista or El Cajon. The selection was somewhat limited -- tacos de various bovine organs and (my personal favorite) al pastor. But the quality was enough to make my lengua water -- right down to the fresh tortilla, delectable cilantro and the squirt of fresh lime. Worth stopping by for a bite if you're on your way to the zoo, the ballpark, or really anywhere in downtown. Just be warned, it's not really a restaurant ... just a taco truck with a few plastic tables and chairs spread out on a parking lot along a stretch of West Washington Street, between Mount Street and Belleview Place, on the south side of the street.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,10/28/2010,42,96,,1,2>Love this place. Growing up on the southside of Chicago I have craved some good (AKA authentic) Mexican food.  Enter Pancho's.  I used to live right across the street and had never stopped in.  How disappointed am I to now know of this treasure on the border of Fishers and Indy!? Its a bit pricey for Mexican, but oh so worth it compared what the other options are.You want cheap, go to Taco Bell, want REAL Mexican land a table at Pancho's. everything from the made fresh salsas, rice and bean platters, mariachi music, and Mexican chefs set the feel all around!  Anyone I have ever recommended this to has NEVER been disappointed. Steak nachos that rival where I used to order in Chicago.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,10/27/2010,12,11,3,6,3>Decided to try this place around 9:00 p.m. on a Friday. It was close and sounded fun. Arrived and were seated right away in a dark corner with a table of 10 next to us with 5 little kids, no thanks! Asked if we could move which they promptly did to a better table with a great view of the whole restaurant. They bring out chips and salsa almost immediately with water, the chips were warm and crispy and the salsa was pretty tasty, not too spicy.I had the strawberry margarita and my buddy had the mango one I think or something fruity, lol. I had the #6 on the menu, which was incredibly delicious. Our server was fairly young and seemed inexperienced, but it wasn't awful service, just a little slow.My only complaint was the Ricky Martin soundtrack or whatever was playing, seemed kind of cheesy. They close at 10:00 p.m. and when that time comes around, boy does it get quiet, they turn the aforementioned Ricky Martin music off, which makes it a bit awkward.Overall, a pretty good experience; will definitely go back.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,10/26/2010,13,98,5,8,3>Where have you been my whole life and why haven't you any reviews yet?   This place has a vast (avast get it, ok, I'm not funny) array of fishy and shrimp items.  Fancy sides and desserts like sweet potato pie.   You have the option for battered or grilled which delighted me as I usually tear most of the bread off my battered items.  My grilled jumbo shrimp dinner was the awesome!   It was tasty, grilled to perfection and sprinkled with herbs.  The fries were crinkle cut and possibly the most perfectly cooked fries I'd ever had with a hint of seasoning salt.  I swear they melted, literally melted in my mouth.  And their hush puppy recipe was definitely tastier than a well known fast food chain competitor.  A tip: I busted open my hush puppies and squeezed what was left of my lemons onto them and they made the perfect dessert!~  Special thanks to the two men working there who were pretty patient with my indecisive ordering and post meal delivery requests for extra napkins, etc.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,10/25/2010,210,195,6,1,4>I've tried something different (food wise) every time and everything has been excellent.  I like their daily/monthly specials. yes!I'll be honest, the dress code for the servers is a little weird..
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,10/24/2010,133,150,,6,4>From the outside and the location  you would never suspect how great the sushi is here.  However, inside is a different story.  It is warm, inviting and nicely decorated without being too over the top with the kitschy cliche asian decor.  They have an extremely large selection of rolls to choose from, will take special requests and make great recommendations of new things to try.  I always have a good experience when eating here, and the service is always prompt and pleasant.  They also have private tatami rooms with traditional low tables and floor seating- something unique in Indianapolis!  I am a big fan of Oishi.  And as far as Indy goes, it probably is as good as it gets!
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,10/23/2010,75,186,3,6,3>The crust is fluffy yet crispy & I was right, the chappli kebab pizza w/o the kebab was fantastic,as is the veggie w/ spicy ginger. Not terribly spicy, but enough that you can definitely taste the ginger, which really works on this pizza. The carnivores at the table loved the chicken tikka pizza. Also had their jalapeno garlic cheese bread which left a nice mellow burn & was a great tasty appetizer.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,10/21/2010,63,46,,6,4>This taqueria  specializes in birria con consume (Goat soup). It is comparable to any that I have had in the major cities such as Chicago (which is worth a visit just for their Mexican food alone).  They do not speak very much English in here but just be patient and polite ant you will make it out satisfied, happy and with your belly full.  The staff is great.  This is also the only place I have been with labio (cow Lips) and cachete (cow cheek).  The labio is like lengua (tongue) but a bit more fatty and the cachete is on par with the most tender beef you will ever eat. The tortas are also worth mentioning. They smother the whole sandwich with a red sauce and they are good. This place is a truly authentic Mexican spot.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,10/20/2010,11,5,,3,2>Hands down the best gyros in the area.  They have a typical mediterranean menu.  I really like the tabbouli salad.  It is the most authentic tabbouli I have had in Indy. The prices aren't bad either. I think a gyro is around $5What I like best is they also have a little grocery with a ton of hard to find Lebanese ingredients.  They make fresh pita and sell them at the store.  I think it is on Thursdays that they have whole wheat pitas too.  I definitely recommend this place.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,10/19/2010,3,2,1,7,3>Mass Ave Knit Shop is a knit (and crochet) lovers heaven! I find it impossible not to get lost in the thousands of skeins of yarns available at Mass Ave Knit.  Upon walking in you are greeted with a wall of color, staff, and usually a handful of fellow knitters helping one another with various projects.Trips to Mass Ave for me tend to be few and far between, but only because each visit requires picking up 6 - 8 new projects and a healthy chunk out of my checking!  I simply cannot resist the vibrant colors and the the soft merino or plush alpaca. This is absolutely *the* store to visit for anyone who loves the fiber arts.I grew up watching my Grandmother knit, and always had a desire to learn.  After teaching myself the basic knit and purl and completing a scarf I headed over to Mass Ave for one of their overnight knits.  The cost is $20 plus a dish to share and  Susan, the store owner, buys Bazbeaux Pizza for all attendees.  These overnight knits are more than worth the twenty for the socializing and picking of Susan's brain.  She's a wealth of information along with any of Mass Ave's staff that attends. Through these overnights I've branched out from my plain scarves to hats, mittens and even learned to felt.  (I plan to take Jane's sock class very, very soon!)Everyone at Mass Ave I have met from staff to customer is incredibly knowledgeable, helpful, friendly.  Truly they seem to find so much joy in helping their fellow knitters.  There is nothing better, in the winter months especially, than a pair of knitting needles, yarn, a cup of Joe and the conversation around the table at Mass Ave.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,10/18/2010,39,14,,4,2>My new favorite Mexican spot!Pollo Allegre is a very inexpensive and excellent Mexican diner, featuring burritos, tortas, tacos, etc.  For less than $5, you get a very large, tasty burrito, filled with your choice of the usual meats plus chorizo, tongue, etc.  Very authentic as far as I can tell.   More than i can usually eat at one sitting, and that's partially because they bring out fresh chips with three or four of the best freshly made salsas you'll ever eat.We've also tried the tacos, gorditas and chili rellenos.  Everything is perfect.We also just found out that they offer Mexican Coke, which is sweetened with cane sugar rather than the HFCS we get in the US.  Much better.Very friendly service and they know enough English to get everything just right.  You can't go wrong here.  Very tasty food for less than you'd pay for a full meal at the corporate fast food joints.  I feel lucky that not only is it in Indianapolis, but it's just minutes away from where I live.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,10/17/2010,2,10,1,5,3>Let me start off by saying that I am a huge fan of Siam Square in Fountain Square. I had to try Thai Spice because I needed something to compare Siam to. I was not dissapointed at all by Thai Spice. The decor was nicely done and the place seemed clean and organized. I had Pad Thai, Thom Yum soup and the crab rangoon. I had to try each of my favorites. I have nothing bad to say about what I ordered and I will be returning. But just to compare, the Thom Yum soup at Thai Spice has more "stuff" in it than Siam...which is not a bad thing. I do prefer the flavor of the soup at Siam though. Both pad thai dishes are really good, so no favorites here. And both crab rangoons are really good too. So to me, it just depends on what side of town I am on when I am in the mood for Thai. I'm giving Thai Spice 4 stars because I like Siam Square a little better, I've had more items off of their menu. Maybe when I've eaten at Thai Spice more, I can come back and review again. Another thing, the service was kinda of weird too. We had a guy take our drink orders and we ordered out apps from him, then another lady came out and took our entree orders before our apps came out, so we werent sure if the guy remembered and then another lady was coming around, looking at our table weird...I think she was looking for our empty plates....it was just odd. Overall, I like Thai Spice.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,10/16/2010,6,23,1,4,3>Location: Rick's Cafe Boatyard is located on Eagle Creek Reservoir on Indianapolis' Northwest side.  This is very scenic being located on the lake and has easy access to I-465 a couple miles away.  There is also a small airport next door, so it is not unusual for patrons to drive their boat or fly their plane to Rick's Cafe Boatyard.  Parking is easy on site, on busy nights there is a golf cart to give patrons a ride from their car to the front door.Food: I have eaten here many times and can recommend a number of items.  These include the Fried Lousisiana Catfish ($17), gourmet pizzas ($8-12), Rico's Dip ($10), and Szechuan Duck Wings ($12).  There is also a Vegetarian Steamer that is awesome ($15).Beer: Rick's beer selection is above average.  They have microbrews from Sun King, Leinenkugel and Sam Adams on tap.Service: The servers and bartenders are friendly.  The service is very good if you are seated by the hostess inside or outside, or you sit at the outdoor bar.  If you grab a table at the outdoor bar, the service may be non-existant unless you know somebody ... if you know what I mean.  Some of the servers and bartenders are well pierced and tattooed.Ambience: The architecture is cool with a definate boathouse feel and there are many televisions.  There are banquet facilities upstairs and downstairs.  The clientele may be a little pretentious and during the winter time, the restaurant is a little slow.Overall: Rick's Cafe Boatyard is a great restaurant with indoor and outdoor dining.  Whenever the weather is nice, this is the first place I think of.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,10/15/2010,2,39,2,5,3>There is no other yeast glazed donut that is worthy of its calories.  None.  I won't eat anyone else's yeast-glazed.  Long's flavor depth just melds with your tastebuds in a heavenly high;  intensely addicting.  [Krispy Kreme doesn't come close (they are shallowly bland, sweet fried dough].Synonymous with donuts, Long's is THE favorite of the med center's staff downtown where I first experienced one.  "if you are going to be late for rounds, you'd better be bringing Longs donuts as your excuse"...The blueberry (cake) donuts are also impressive, balancing the right sweetness and flavor and mouth feel that is so difficult to do.  Mouth-watering.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,10/14/2010,3,25,2,2,2>The place where my drink cup never runneth dry!  LOL.. Great atmosphere.. friendly staff and good food.  Try their bacon chips and dip.. you won't be disappointed.  Good quality food and a huge selection of great beer made on the premises.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,10/13/2010,23,71,,2,2>I'm glad to see Square Rootz as an addition to the Fountain Square dining scene. The owner and staff create a welcoming environment with friendly service and fun decor! Great sandwiches and home-style comfort food. The meatloaf is great as well as the macaroni and cheese! Love their sandwiches as well. I've been several times since they opened and have always had a tasty meal.Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,10/12/2010,63,377,,3,1>This place has the Best Korean food in Indiana.  I love the $5.99 lunch specials.  If you're a newbie don't be afraid to start out with Boolgogee, Kalbi, Chop Chae, or Bibimbap.  It comes with soup and banchan (little veggie side dishes).
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2010,10/11/2010,25,60,2,2,2>It's a party, sometimes.  Rock band Blond Sonja (LOL) playing loud in the parking lot.  Ninety-two cent PBR i the can.  One needs an occasional PBR in order to refresh the lowt end benchmark of the tasting spectrum.   Comfy plastic stack chairs outside.   There's mid-grade beer samplings on Friday nights, presumably to try to upgrade the client base from Coors Lite to something carrying more margin.  Tonight it was Newcastle.  The sample servers were far more interesting than the beer.  If you wander inside, pack an O2 tank and goggles.  They like their smokes here.  The band starts playing at 8 and the big, older crowd start to thin out at bout 930.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,10/10/2010,123,216,1,2,2>I went to Ruth for alterations to a bridesmaid dress and was very pleased with my experience.  Ruth is very friendly, timely, and did a great job with the dress.   She had great suggestions, was very helpful, and very reasonably priced.  I definitely would recommend this business!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/9/2010,46,552,1,2,2>Everything you could want to live healthily and more - produce, ice cream, vitamins, crazy herbs (not that kind, but everything else), shoes that make your feet feel good, bulk foods, ... (the list could go on and on).AND Expert staff that are helpful.  Amazing selection on everything.Fairly priced.Definitely worth the trip!it's my new happy store.  :)
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,10/8/2010,179,4,,10,4>As a resident in downtown Indy, Mass Avenue Wine Shoppe is my favorite place to make my wine purchases. I like to get in here on Tuesday's for their regular weekly wine tastings from 5:30-6:30pm to sample new wines and then make my selection for the week off of the famous 'Wall of Wines' 100 Wines $15 or less! Jill Ditmire, the owner, is in nearly every Tuesday and she takes note of my palate to give me insightful recommendations. This is a great spot to meet neighbors and make new friends, very welcoming.*PS they sell Gluten Free Beers...
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2010,10/7/2010,41,12,,3,1>This place is pretty good, and priced pretty good. I haven't had the hibachi but the sushi is great. It's never been crowded any time I've been in. Service is good too.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,10/6/2010,73,13,,1,3>Swanky, smooth, tasty and groovy. Very nice hip place. You'd never know it used to be a biker bar. It's tastefuly decorated for nice ambience and the food was great. The bone in pork chop is delicious. Get the cornbread for sure. I will definitely revisit.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,10/5/2010,108,40,1,2,1>Enjoyed a dinner with my brother at the Tye Dye Grill this past week. I'd heard quite a bit about the location from friends and even a conversation with the owners at a Blog Indiana 2010 event. I'd planned on getting one of their burgers, but it was Tenderloin Tuesday and when they said I could get it Buffalo Wing style, it was too much to resist.The combination of Buffalo Wing sauce on a good-sized breaded pork tenderloin, was fantastic! Just in case I was afraid of going away hungry, I also ordered a Chicago style hot dog. It was terrific as well, even if it was a bit challenging to eat with all the toppings.Since I missed the burger this time, you can be sure I'll be back soon to make-up for the loss to my stomach.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,10/4/2010,179,458,4,12,8>Food: 5 StarsAmbiance: 5 StarsService: 5 StartsNoise: EnergeticI've lived in Indianapolis for most of my life and I can't believe I have never been here.  St. Elmo's Steakhouse is a downtown Indianapolis Gem.  I really liked the little details.  The hostesses wear classy dresses that are unique and their own.  The servers were in tuxedos.  There are famous people who have dined here on the walls.  The classic old Indy city pictures are a great piece of history.  The Shrimp cocktail is so good, but be warned it is so hot, it will make you cry.  But it is so great, you want to go back for more!  The asiago cheese is light and crispy and by far the best item in the bread bowl.  The navy bean soup is very good and not at all salty.   I had the 10 oz filet.  They cook on the rare side, so I suggest medium.  The beef was prime and very high quality.  I loved every bite!  I'll be back for more.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/3/2010,14,88,5,3,3>Oh we had doubts ... doubts we did have.  Wait, I'm not writing in Dr. Seuss style.  First step ... go to YELP and see what the hub bub is all about.  Not real thrilled about there only being 12 reviews for the place, especially seeing that the place had really gone down hill since they opened in 2008.  Sigh ... we wanted sushi darn it!  We went, we ate, they scored ... big I tell you, big!  We started with 3 huge rolls.  Ultimate Tuna Roll, Special Diablo Roll and Pink Salmon Tsunami.  Some of the best sushi I have ever had.  The tuna roll also came with about a cup of the most "butter like" spicy tuna salad.Plus, just as we were finishing up our rolls the sushi chef handed us the most beautiful roll, in the pics it is the roll that is solo.  Like no other roll we've had.Now go and check out the pictures.  "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." -- Dr. Seuss
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2010,10/2/2010,16,59,2,5,2>The reviews for Barking Dog seem a bit all over the place, which ironically was alot like our experience there recently. Overall I'd say the food was really pretty good but the service and available information was spotty. Benefits before concerns though, so let's make with the food. Clam chowder - check! Deemed very, very good. Shrimp poor boy, double hamburger and Life's a Beach with Bark (goat cheese, sprouts, cucumbers and bacon) sandwiches were all consumed in their entirity and we were all happy with our choices. For dessert we tried the lemon bar and it was solidly good - not quite as good as my mom's but hey, who can ever compete with your own mother when she does something well?Ok, so now to the service...I think my biggest disapointment had to do with the BYOB policy. None of us had ever eaten here before and I had not read their website or any of the reviews in great detail. Once we got there and saw another table with bottles I vaguely recalled then that they allowed you to bring your own beer or wine in. So, we asked where nearby we could acquire a bottle or two of wine and our server was quick to offer up the most convenient place nearby but then also to mention that just a few blocks farther was a second option that was likely to have a slightly better selection of wines, which I thought was great of her to point out. One of our party dashed out to get the wine and in 10 minutes was back and we were in business (or so we thought). It was at that point that the server rushed over to our table and whispered urgently to us that she could not provide any glasses or an opener - we had to bring EVERYTHING with us... Hmmm... That I think, would have been helpful information to have provided while we were getting the recommendations on where to buy the wine. Oh well - we were resourceful and managed the problem.Menu selection was sort of confusing. When outside looking at the menu in the window it had a pretty good selection from salads to sandwiches to entrees that included lamb. Once inside we found out only the lunch menu was available on this particular night, a bit of a disapointment since one of our party was very excited about the prospect of getting lamb.Other than that there are just some small things to keep in mind. The "dinner / entree" menu is only available towards the end of the week. Not a bad thing because what we had was quite good but had I known that perhaps we would have tried them on a different night so we could select from a more expansive menu.They do take credit cards but not Amex. It's a very casual environment, dogs welcome outside on the sidewalk seating (which I appreciate and support!) -  inside you'll be drinking from plastic cups with lids. I think just making things a bit easier on the customer would be helpful - post the current meu in the window, or modify the one that's there to reflect the fact that certain parts are not available on every night. BYOB policy - I wish this was posted on the menu, that would have helped a lot. Overall I think the whole experience averaged out at 3 but I'm going to try them again and see if it moves up on the needle now that I know what to expect.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,10/1/2010,29,129,,4,3>The metro is my new favorite place to go after work with my partner grab a veggie burger and some beers, the atmosphere is quite before 10pm the bartenders and servers are always nice and helpful the beer is good pool tables are nice , the pool sticks are in great shape no need to bring your own if your like me and enjoy the sport of playing pool with your own pool cue.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/26/2010,9/30/2010,35,18,,1,2>Changed my review since Zing completely changed their menu and mostly got rid of the tapas style dining and those loved tamales and so many others! Boooo! Service was ok. The portions are smaller for the price too. Previous review:I love Zing! Great place for a large or small group! Sharing is the best part of the experience. Contemporary atmosphere and great service! Pineapple tamales are excellent and then we tried almost everything on the menu!! mmmmm SO GOOD! Lovely view inside or outside of downtown Indy!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2010,9/29/2010,20,24,,6,1>I drop into Mesh to take advantage of the $2 appetizers from 3-6PM during the week.  I'm working my way through the list.  So far I've had the fish tacos which were OUTSTANDING.  And now I've tried the Pulled Pork Slider which I'd rate as good, but you can get those anywhere.Last and not the least I had the Pork Belly which is a white bean cassoulet, bacon braised endive, demi, with a balsamic reduction in a little roll.  D-E-L-I-S-H-I-O-U-S!  It's a $16 entree and I'll be back for a full portion soon.3 down and another 10 to go.  Stay tuned.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2010,9/28/2010,16,31,,3,2>Simple. cheap. and while they might not be the best of tacos to be had in Indy, they are much better than what one would expect to grab out of a truck. Make sure to have a water, as the tacos might be a bit spicy for some. West Coast Tacos is a dining experience everyone should have at least once, so find out where they are on any given day via Twitter and Facebook updates.  @WestCoastTacos on Twitter.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2010,9/27/2010,71,190,,3,1>Packed at lunch with the heavy hitters from the statehouse and a nice mix of downtown workers it's hard to get a table in this quaint political pub.  The Indiana Cobb salad is great with a slightly sweet dressing and the Nutty Bird is a healthy sandwich delight!  The salads are all pretty good and the buffalo chicken fingers are pretty delicious.  We always have great service even if the waitstaff is quirky!  Beware it is smoking in here which means in Marion County - no kids allowed and the beer selection is mostly macros.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,9/26/2010,32,54,3,4,2>I figure it's been a minute.So here goes.______________________________________________Mo' Joe's coffee house is one of those places that tries to pull off a "Collegiate" atmosphere. Frankly I think they do a good job for being in a non collegiate environment. The accoutrement of College books, Local books and Indie CDs along with the smell of oven roasted goodness makes this place an atmosphere-o-phile's (Coined!!!) dream come true.I just wish it was in a more collegiate environment verses right next door to a Sperm bank. Anyway, I always order the same thing when I'm there. It's my own custom beverage, I call it "Malcak's Choco-Peanut Bustah". Picture a chocolate smoothie with Peanut Butter. Stop drooling...... animals....Four stars. They still need to work on some customer service things. But other than that, I'm on board.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,9/25/2010,38,223,2,5,3>One of my favorite places to grab a working lunch.  Lots of veggie options, delicious soup and sandwiches.  They explicitly state on the menu board which soups are vegetarian, which is super helpful and far too rarely done.  I also recently checked out their Sunday brunch too and it is unbelievable.  I tried a little bit of a lot of things and was still too stuffed to try to all.  The brunch is included both your everyday breakfast items as well as some more unique items and lunch items.  Staff is friendly but sometimes I feel like the hover too much.  After 30 seconds of not picking at my chips, they are already trying to take my plate - hey I wanted to finish those!
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,9/24/2010,63,195,2,5,4>Since moving to Indy 4 months ago, I've been here about 4 times and it keeps getting better every time I go. First off, the food is fantastic. I usually go with the BLTA (the A is for Avocado) and if I'm feeling gluttonous, an elephant ear for dessert. Yeah - they have i-thought-they-only-serve-those-at-county-fairs elephant ears. And they're damn good. When they do have live music, it sounds pretty good for such a small place. They've got a nice big party room (or what I assume could be used for a party room) in the back. Also, in the warmer months, the covered patio looks like a really nice place to eat. Their staff is really prompt, polite and seem to enjoy working there (I was a waitress, so I know how much that job CAN suck if you work at the wrong place).
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,9/23/2010,7,4,1,4,2>This place does a great job getting creative with their dogs. I had wondered why they limited themselves to only a lunch crowd but having showed up around 1:30pm on a Wednesday I could see that there business scheme was working as the place was packed. I stood for more than a few minutes inspecting the giant menu on the wall and trying to decide which hot dog to go with. I finally settled on the "Hula Dog" which was advertised on a dry erase board with the other current specials. The hot dogs themselves have a nice bright red casing and lie in a poppy seed bun. The "Hula Dog" had a pineapple, mustard seed relish with grilled onions and I added bacon because, well, it's bacon. The side of coleslaw was great and the keepsake plastic cup is nice to take home. The gentleman working the cash register was able to give sound advice when I was torn between 2 different Zapp's potato chip flavors. This place is fantastic and I can't wait to try again. I just wish they had more extensive hours!!
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,9/22/2010,0,7,1,3,2>Incredible Pomme Frites cone with awesome selection of dipping sauces! Great home brew beers, a tripel will definitely knock you on your ace!  I've tried several different types of the mussels and they are all excellent, but hands down the red curry thai basil ones are the best!Overall, a great place to check out if you are a beer drinker and like belgian type foods.  Ambiance is pretty simple, nothing to exciting, but does the trick.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,9/21/2010,18,27,,1,1>Pizza here is outstanding. Love the toppings choice and their willingness to work with my son's milk allergy. Like everyone else reviewing this place, the service can be bad at times. Not sure why but the women who work here are bad. The guys who have taken care of us in the past have always been much better. I will go every time my kids ask though because their pizza is great and spinach salad is outstanding.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2010,9/20/2010,33,209,,1,1>While planning for our neighborhood's annual block party, friends and I dined at several locally-owned bbq joints.  Black Diamond was by far the best, from the meaty ribs with REAL smoke flavor, moist brisket, and savory pulled pork.  We chose them to cater our event, and they delivered seven hotel pans of pulled pork, and they were a huge hit!  They had those pans full to the brim, sauce was mixed in perfectly, and everyone loved it.  People ended up going home to get containers to take leftovers!  Their price for the catering was also almost half what everyone else quoted us.  So if you're looking for great bbq for a family, or a whole neighborhood, BD's is the place for you!
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,9/19/2010,27,127,,3,1>Yep, I'm definitely a fan!  My kids' daycare center actually has its food catered from NBO!  Last year, I ate lunch with the kids and enjoyed a great lunch (mash potatoes and gravy, roast beef) all very yummie!  My five year is a big fan of their tacos (which is a speciality; not available at all times).Last week my sorority member purchased one of their pizzas for a meeting!  It was so awesome!  Full of cheese and meat - it was better than any pizza I've had in a while!  And, it was so affordable!  One piece filled me up.  It was about $15 for the pizza.After all of that, we decided to eat dinner there last night.  It had a Mel's diner sort of feel complete with the locals and the fact you have to ask for a menu (because all the regulars already know it by heart).  I think it just added to the charm.We ordered a kids corn dog meal, a kids sphaghetti meal and a fried chicken dinner and a fried catfish dinner.  The mash potatoes and gravy were awesome!  Fried chicked fried to perfection.  Great home cooked meals!And, they do deliver  pizzas to the surrounding areas.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,9/18/2010,68,136,1,2,1>This is a cute little place just a block away from Fountain Square. The atmosphere is excellent + I highly recommend grabbing one of the outdoor seats.The servers were really friendly. (It was odd, though, to have a war movies on the 2 televisions while listening to lounge music in a gangster/Vegas themed bar...but there's worse things in life than juxtaposition).The lounge music was great. And Goldilocks with the sound. Not too loud, not too soft. Oddly, there is nothing around the place -- at least nothing we could see. But worth the trip.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,9/17/2010,23,124,1,6,4>A local barber shop where flare and style don't stop with your haircut.Been going to Brenda at Jacks for the better part of a year, never have to wait too long, and the prices are very reasonable. Jack's is a 1930s style barber shop at City Market offering cuts, styles, shaves, shampoos, etc -- in addition to some great conversation while you're there.If you're in the downtown area and looking for a great haircut, stop in and see Brenda or Consewella.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,9/16/2010,265,331,4,5,3>I had Josh trim my lengthy locks last week and I'm still loving it! Got the hand massage and facial as well...matter of a fact, my eyelids are feeling heavy just thinking about it. I love SOM--the fact that it's in an unexpected location so near my home and outside the flustercluck that is downtown gives it extra credit in my book!
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,9/15/2010,27,17,7,12,8>Okay. This place is the BOMB.And I mean that in a good way.It is a totally hole-in-the-wall establishment but a great place to go if you love Soul Food. I hate banana pudding and I loved theirs.... my mother ordered it and talked about how you could tell the custard was made from scratch.  Here's a tip if you're just learning about "soul food" -  You know you're at a real soul food joint when there's hot sauce waiting for you on the table, that they have daily specials that may or may not include the word "KYs", and that their drinks are served in jars.I had the white meat baked chicken with mustard greens and mashed potatoes for sides.  I chuckled at how the mashed potatoes were insanely tasty yet I could identify a couple of mid-sized potato chunks.. ahh. just like home.My husband is from Memphis, TN, where they KNOW sweet tea and he nodded to the affirmative when he sipped KK's sweet tea.I highly recommend this place - and I hope soon they remodel!
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,9/14/2010,37,101,9,5,5>The Slippery Noodle is a legend. It's an institution. It is history.If you don't love the Slippery Noodle, you hate America. It's that awesome.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,9/13/2010,36,15,5,8,8>As Rachel Ray would say "YUMM-O!" This place is absolutely delicious and another hidden gem of Carmel, Indiana. It is located in an older shopping center off of Meridian, across from St.Vincent Carmel. We went to Jersey's Cafe via a close friends referral and were definitely pleased. The friendly atmosphere makes you want to love it as soon as you walk in. The husband and wife owner do all the cooking, hostessing and waiting themselves-a definite plus! They have been in business for over 14 years and I  know why! All of the ingredients here is made from scratch, including their delicious sauces and homemade bread. They have a VERY diverse menu selection with everything you could possibly want! My favorite is the home-made tuna salad served in a  tomato with wheat pita wedges! I also adore their homemade soups! My husband loves the California sandwich offered with huge slices of avocado! The portions are enormous and the prices are definitely affordable. This place is so good, it is going to be featured on the hit TV show Diner's, Dives and Drive-Ins! A reason in itself to check it out! Go support your small, local and YUMMY business owners at Jersey's Cafe!p.s. Because it is small and very popular, allow time when you visit! Sometimes there is a wait or the service is slow due to the nature of the business!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,9/11/2010,19,103,1,3,2>I LOVE frozen yogurt and am pleased to see so many fro yo places popping up in the Indy area.  Huddles is new and is a unique concept.  It's self serve!  So you can serve yourself as much or as little as you want.  There were 8-10 flavors that range from Tart (my fave) to Red Velvet Cake (I tasted it & it was a little sweet for my taste).  Their flavors change daily from what I can tell.  They also have a nice selection of toppings from fresh fruit to cinnamon toast crunch.  Once you make your creation, it's weighed & you pay by the ounce (.45 cents/oz).  We got 2 good size portions with toppings for less than $8.00.Huddles is located in Nora Plaza in a prime spot right off the Monon.  They also serve Yoghund which is a special doggy fro yo.  We didn't try it but plan to bring our pooch back to check it out.Huddles also has a wide selection of Colts merchandise.  Not totally sure why but definitely makes it seem like a local place.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,9/10/2010,64,79,4,6,6>Big fan!  I've been missing the game of baseball so my lovely friends decided to buy us all Indian's tickets for the 7/4 celebrations. The game was good but I'm not one of those fans.  The things that are important on my list are more environmental.  The seats are all great, not a bad one in the place AND VERY AFFORDABLE.  The stadium is facing north east so for the evening game it was a perfect amount of shade (unless you were in the very bottom rows).   Not sure how a day game would feel though.  The stadium has vendors and bathrooms every couple of feet.  No smoking but you can exit and enter at anytime and the gates are all, again, right there.  Everything you "need" for a baseball game is easily accessed.Food/beer (beer is actually the only thing I bought at 6.50 a pop) is pricey so I would say that is where the majority of your pre-planning should be focused.  Otherwise good stadium, fun fans, seems to be good team.  Great times!I should also note that parking in Indianapolis is never an issue in my opinion.  Having lived in San Diego and Chicago, going downtown was always a bit of a pain.  Here in Indy, garages/spots are plentiful.  May pay 15 dollars for the night, we paid 8.  Never a bad deal.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,9/9/2010,122,38,5,4,4>Great service and nice atmosphere.  Loved the food idea of bringing school lunches back.  Square pizza on a plastic tray with apple sauce and potatoes sorted in their little section.  Brings back those glorious youthful memories.  Even better you can substitute that carton of milk with an ice cold beer.  Loved the idea.  Although I was dissapointed that I didn't get to meet the lunch lady.  Ahhh...the memories.  Rock on Scotty's....Rock on.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,9/8/2010,140,444,7,11,13>OK, Yelpees and Yelpettes...I'm about to share with you Indy's current best kept secret (and it proves it since I am the first of all of you well eaten folks to review this place!).  My hubby wanted to find something cool to do for my birthday this weekend.  I am always interested in trying new and interesting things. Usually I find something I want to do, tell my hubby and he plans it, so he wanted to think outside the box and surprise me with his own find...And, boy did he!  Chef JJ's is amazing.  It is not the kind of place you can come into and find a seat on Saturday night.  You have to sign up for one of their events.  They have several a month....so, check out the website right now and choose a date that works for you....The experience from start to finish was relaxing, incredible and inspiring.  I am ready to go back and do this again right now.  Erich signed us up for the grilling demonstration and we arrived about 30 minutes early and grabbed a beer.  Upon entering, it is a very simple decor with displays of items for sale and a bar area, but there are no tables, etc. b/c everything is hosted in his "backyard".  We headed out back and took a comfy seat on an outdoor patio overlooking White River.  I have never ever in all my years in Indy seen anything like it....we were RIVERSIDE.  Beautiful landscaping was the only thing between us and the river.  But the star of the show was Chef JJ's granite countertop pub height serving area with 20 barstools surrounding four large Big Green Eggs (biggreenegg.com) which is what he grills with.  I was floored by this unique, interesting atmosphere.We grabbed a beer from the server and Chef JJ's wife came over and chilled with us, we chatted it up and felt like we were at a BBQ hosted by Chef JJ....it was very homey and absolutely awesome.It is hard to describe how the rest of the event went, b/c every event, I assume is different.  He creates a menu based on the local ingredients he finds that week.  He has his own garden at his house and they brought in eggplant for our salad to start.  After 20 of us arrived and sat around the grilling station, he got started cooking, talking, slicing, dicing and showing us how to get good grill marks, what kinds of beer to pair with the beautiful food he chose and gave us a very "Food Network" experience that I know you cannot find ANYWHERE else in Indy.The food was INSANE.  I was floored by the menu and my mouth watered as he grilled every single course (including dessert) for us to eat.  Our first course was an eggplant/squash salad with a homemade chipolte extra virgin olive oil dressing.  From there, he wrapped pork tenderloin stuffed with goat cheese in gorgeous strips of bacon.  Um....pork on pork!! Heaven on a grill. It was innnnnn-cred-i-ble.  It was PERFECTLY grilled, the goat cheese oozing out ....I wanted to lick my plate.As a side dish, he grilled slices/slivers of apple and wood planed brie.  I cannot describe this dish except that it was PURE mouth-watering perfection and for a dessert his sous chef (who is also a pastry chef) made a GRILLED cobbler ....with fresh berries and a cake batter sauce.  I do not know how they do it....I really do not.  What I can tell you is head to the website, sign yourself and a friend/wife and take your dining experience to an all new level with JJ.  Do not miss out on this amazing new Indy secret!! I fear it won't be a secret much longer and it will be that much harder to get into an event soon.And, yes, feel free to come home and thank me....b/c like me, I know many Yelpers who are looking for the next big thing in Indy!  And, this is truly an amazing contender!
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,9/7/2010,111,194,2,7,5>A couple of weeks ago my husband and I stumbled into the New Day Meadery Tasting Room.  The owners, Tia and Bret, were extremely gracious and enthusiastically showed us around their not-yet-open wine tasting room.  We were excited by the beautiful space and enjoyed meeting this lovely couple, so we made a mental note to go back when they were open.It's open for real now, so we checked it out as we were strolling through Fountain Square's first Friday.  Very, very nice - for $5 you can get a full flight (8 different tastes of their honey wine) and for $1 you can get a single taste.  At some point in the future they will also offer snacks to go with their tastings.Another hit for Fountain Square!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,9/6/2010,149,388,3,10,7>Carmel Farmer's Market is a three year old's paradise and a grownups excuse to take a three year old out to paradise early Saturday morning. Local vendors abound, making this the true one-stop shop for all things local to Indiana. Strolling through here, one can find things both good and good for you, like organic veggies and dark chocolate truffles made with organic ingredients. One must first stop by Three Sisters & Him with the fresh made waffles made from dough - not batter! The cookie-like waffle is worth skipping breakfast at home for this. Make sure to enjoy it while sitting in the Japanese garden, or watching the ducks eat the kettle corn thrown by the tots. Then, make sure to pick up a steamy bag of kettle corn from Olde Tyme Poppin Corn to enjoy your self, while you watch it made right in front of you in a kettle that just might be a hundred years old, sitting over a smokey wood burning fire. Next, pick up some organic truffles at Literally Devine, plus a few more at several other chocolate and pastries vendors. Then top off your coming week's worth of yumminess by indulging in some of Boyd's Fudge from the venerable Westfield confectioner. This past Saturday, Rainbow Sherbet fudge was featured, and it was a miracle in my mouth! My taste buds were fooled into thinking I was eating ice cold rainbow sherbet. Absolutely amazing! And what would a market be without fresh flowers? Get a half-dozen Indiana grown sunflowers to brighten up your home, or just one for your daughter's hair to make her the Sunflower Princess of Paradise. Make sure to bring plenty of cash and a recycled grocery bag or knapsack to haul your plunder back to the real world. The rest of your Saturday will feel more blissful now that you have been able to visit Heaven on Earth. Peace.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,9/5/2010,180,775,4,9,6>After reading all the hoopla here on Yelp about Brics...and let's face it, who am I kidding, I could live on ice cream...I decided to come by here this evening with my daughter.  We self-righteously walked along the Monon passing by Brics - since we knew we planned on stopping there on our way back - figuring we'd burn off a few pre-Brics calories.What an adorable place!  The decor is cute and inviting...although most people opted for the outdoor seating area.  My daughter and her husband have lived in the area for over 2 years, but she had never been to Brics.  We were both very excited to give them a try :-)After reading all the reviews about the Yellow Cake Batter, I had to try it...so the nice young man behind the counter gave me a spoonful to try.  Mmmmm...good, but I wanted to try their Pistachio and got a single scoop in a cup to go.  My daughter had a scoop of Cookies n Cream in a cup to go.  We then proceeded on down the trail back to my house.I think this will be my once-a-week indulgence through summer.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,9/4/2010,104,322,4,8,4>My 5 star review is for Heather, the amazing Nail tech!I recently fell in love with a new product called Axxium by OPI, Beauty Brands advertises it as a stay perfect manicure.Stay Perfect? A manicure that stays perfect??? Yeah right I thought, as most women who read this review will also think. Because as a woman you know damn well that no manicure stays perfect. ever.Guess what? Stay perfect is the closest manicure I have had in 26 years of staying at all!!!It is not fake nails or any of that crap that ruins your nails. It is a polish by OPI that is cured under UV lights. For $34 I go pick out a great OPI color and then have a mani that lasts 3 weeks. And the kicker is if it does not stay perfect, they fix it for FREE!!! The bonus here is that for $17 you can get a fill, so you can extend the life of your manicure! I love this option, I have never had a nail polish last so long that I am like take it off!!! So I usually get one fill and then change the color!My first axxium service was done by a very nice gal that did not specialize in the nail service so it did not stay perfect... so Heather fixed it. An entire manicure for freee! I have been going back religiously for 3 months ever since!!I am a mom, full time Nursing student who waits tables and occasionally tends bar. What does this mean? It means my nails break, split, and look like crap 24/7! After having my nail done by Heather they look great 24/7!!!I cannot say enough what an amazing service I have discovered and I adore how professional and timely Heather is at every appointment!!Thank you Beauty Brands for giving me gorgeous nails! And for those of you who want nails that will make your friends envious give Heather a shot, you can thank me later!!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,9/3/2010,165,152,1,4,4>Tulip Noir is the type of restaurant I'm hesitant to give a great review to: they apparently don't lack business, and if I encourage you to go there, that might mean I have to wait for a table next time.But that's okay - I can share.Visited for the 1st time today for lunch. Shortly before noon, it was nearly full already, and filled up completely during our time there. I'm finally over being disappointed when I find out restaurants are in strip malls - with the economy, the places are probably cheap, and outward appearance does not dictate inner atmosphere, as proven by numerous other restaurants on the north side.I didn't find the decor pretentious or forced - it was clean, modern, and had nice, subtle touches with an Ikea feel similar to Hoaglin to Go on Mass Ave. They have dozens of organic teas to choose from, and if you split them with someone, they give you a clear teapot with a candle to keep it warm. Nice touch! They also gave us tiny shot-size sippers of a tea to try as soon as we sat down.The food menu wasn't huge, but they had a good selection of veggie options and salads. My wife & I both had the potato-curry soup of the day. She had the veggie panini; I had the grilled cheese. Both were good - nothing to jump up and down for, but tasty and most importantly, fresh. The soup was good, though it could've used more chunks of potato - my wife's cup had none.We split the carrot fritters, which were interesting. I'm typically not a fan of hot food atop fresh greens, but it was all so fresh, I didn't mind.The staff was terrific. The server was polite & helpful, and the busser was friendly. He overheard us discussing tonight's NBC Thursday-night comedy lineup and we had a brief chat over tonight's episodes. I don't remember the last time small talk with a restaurant employee wasn't forced.Best of all was the dessert: the brandy-pecan bread pudding was to die for. I'm glad I haven't died yet because I can't wait to have it again. It reminded me of Zest's creme brulee French toast, though not quite as super-sweet. It would make a delicious breakfast with a good cup of coffee or tea.Next time I visit Tulip Noir, it will be for breakfast. And if the breakfast is as good or better than lunch, the place will definitely earn a bump up to 5 stars from me.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2010,9/2/2010,23,6,,1,1>I am a huge fan of the decor and outdoor seating here- gorgeous view of the Canal. I do have to say the food is a bit over-priced but they are rather large portion sizes. The salads are always a great choice!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,9/1/2010,20,42,2,8,4>It's true, they will remember you. but you know it's mostly Zionsville folk who are their regulars they know almost every other person by name and every other person inevitably spots their friends or neighbors across the room.No drink specials, boo. but very good beer selection by the bottle, anyway.Smallish bar but it's cozy and it works. Menu consists of burgers, sandwiches, the usual pub appetizers. I recommend anything fried. These people have hired the fry cook from heaven. 4 types of fried potatoes, awesome fat onion rings, the best breaded whitefish in the city, very good tenderloin and wings and chicken as well. the breading on each of them whether the beer batter on the onion rings or the crunchy crusted fish-- is absolutely divine. but i did mention the fry cook is from heaven, right?If you must go with lighter fare, salads are big and crunchy and fresh, the soup is yum as well.   Very good coleslaw. if you order an entree you get the old school basket of crackers with your meal, love that. They  also have prime rib on fridays and wknds and other running entree specials like chicken parm and pasta as well. I never have room for dessert. but the apple dumpling has been calling..... soon, soon.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,8/31/2010,34,105,,5,1>Smee's Place is a great bar and restaurant hidden behind the chaos of 86th Street. It's great for a quick bite to eat, a long meal hanging out with friends, or a drink at the bar! The bartenders are great, they make excellent drinks and have a great alcohol selection.The food is great -- standard bar/American restaurant fare. Good appetizers and salads. The portions are plentiful and the service is excellent -- food arrives quickly! The wait staff is friendly and always helpful. They have great specials every day. I highly recommend Smee's Place as a place to relax and enjoy a drink & meal.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,8/30/2010,59,320,2,8,4>My husband got a tattoo here when we first moved to Indy.  I have to say, I was REALLY surprised that they were so busy that they didn't take walkins.  THAT'S the sign of an amazing shop, IMO.I don't think my husband remembers who his artist was, but I know that everyone we've spoken to has been knowlegable and pleasant.I'll be heading to Metamorphosis when it's time for my next ink... which is probably soon!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,8/29/2010,134,221,5,6,7>If you've ever asked yourself, "What would Don Draper do?" check out Fountain Square's Imbibe! For the classic cocktail seeker, this cozy bar in the first floor of the neighborhood's iconic building offers a pleasant alternative to the Brass Ring, which might become too popular in the not-so-distant future. I tried their Sazerac, a bewitching blend of rye whiskey and absinthe. It was just how they do it up in New Orleans! The atmosphere late on a Friday night was friendly with the occupants of various tables talking amiably across the room to one another and to the bartender perched behind his Deco-style bar. I enjoyed the music selections, which included The Ramones, The Cure and other nostalgic flavors. Apparently the hours vary, depending on how late the bartender feels like keeping the joint open.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,8/28/2010,69,64,2,2,2>Greg Hardesty, in my opinion, is a gastronomic genius!! Everything he touches is excellent. I followed him at H2O Sushi where he paired chopped garlic and mackerel for sashimi and it was awesome and I don't even like mackerel. He would say,"just trust me" and I did and it always seemed to work. Recess is great like that because you never know what you are going to be eating and sometimes it will throw you a curve ball that you wouldn't normally swing at. Everything I ate here was absolutely fantastic albeit very small! Only downside to me was the portions. Extremely small! I left satisfied sensation wise but not belly wise! I must say I did stop off on the way home for a little snack!! I wish I could do 4 3/4 stars just for quantity sake but I can't so the quality makes up for it hence the 5 Stars! Good Job Greg!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,8/27/2010,10,92,,3,1>The best burger place in Indianapolis for sure. I love Broad Ripple and its little hidden treasures like Boogie Burger. I haven't tried a burger I didn't like. However, sometimes when I head to Boogie Burger, I'll admit the thing on my mind is the crazy awesome GARLIC FRIES with big pieces of garlic. OMG. The onion rings are amazing too. It's great when you can sit outside and eat because the indoor space is teeny tiny and pretty hot in the summer (the only downside to this establishment, but not worth losing a star over because really who cares, it's a burger dive! Embrace it!). I just effin love you Boogie Burger.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,8/26/2010,18,2,1,4,3>Front Page has become a "Sunday regular" for me.  After it's renovation in 2009, I decided to chance the dive bar and have become hooked ever since.  The beer flows cheap and not watered down, the music is great, and the food is definitely a step-up from your typical "bar food."  The only thing I have to knock FP on is their ranch dipping sauce, and that's pretty much it.  So, all in all, you're going to have a great time, enjoy watching the huge flat screens mounted everywhere, savor your favorite adult beverage and the time you spend with your friends while there.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,8/25/2010,3,20,,4,3>I live a hop, skip and a jump from this establishment, and I have fast become a regular. With a wide variety of beer on tap, rotating "featured" brews, and a range of food for all preferences, this place has everything. Factor in that I am a huge English Premier League soccer fan, and this is the only true Soccer bar I have been able to find in Indianapolis, it gets 5 stars. Recommendations? Get the bread sticks. They are cheap and delicious. The fish and chips are fantastic - but so is just about everything on the menu. Feel free to sample the collection at this great Mass Ave location.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,8/24/2010,32,5,,2,1>The shop is small but they treat you right; definitely wants to meet your needs and isn't pushy about buying anything. They promote cycling as a lifestyle not just a sport. Plus I bought an awesome Masi bike from them!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,8/23/2010,5,16,5,9,2>My favorite dinner date and I were at a loss for where to eat on Southside before seeing a movie. Traffic was crazy, and he randomly decided to get off the main stretch and hit up Madison.As a stroke of pure luck, we ended up driving by Heine's WFRB. He turned around as quickly as he could and we decided to give it a try. Another customer saw us staring at the posted menu. He recommended their roast beef sandwich, claiming it was "heaven." So, we decided to each try one, and split mashed potatoes and gravy and try their fries with chili and cheese on the side (just in case something didn't work out).The cashier was friendly and very confident we would love their food.And...Holy Smokes!Their roast beef sandwich comes with lettuce, pickle, and mayo, I ordered mine without lettuce (just because that's how I roll). The roast beef was juicy and the sandwich was perfectly  proportioned so you could taste all the ingredients. The hoagie was perfect and not oversized. It made up for an entire week of stress in the first bite. Heaven is a good roast beef sandwich. Who knew?As if the thoroughly delicious roast beef sandwich wasn't enough, the mashed potatoes and gravy were perfect. The potatoes were just the right amount of creamy, with tiny pieces of un-mashed potato here and there, and the gravy (though a thin one) was full of great beefy flavor. No salt or pepper needed, they are great as they come.If  you're a reader of my reviews, you know I have an undying love for chili cheese fries. I have been hunting for a good batch in Indy as a surrogate for my favorite place in Northern Indiana.And I found it!!! The fries were a deep golden brown, and delicious in and of themselves. They were great with the cheese, great with their chili, and AWESOME with chili and cheese.If I were more hungry, I would have tried their roast beef manhattan dinner. Since the roast beef, mashed potatoes, and gravy are all phenomenal, I can safely say it would be a religious experience.I overheard them having a friendly conversation with a carry-out guest, and I guess they have started to decorate. True, the decor is mostly plain and basic. But honestly, when your service is this nice and the food is this fantastic, you don't need to worry too much about it. I was so busy enjoying the food I could have been sitting by a dumpster and still be pleased.This is a great place. A nice, casual place to get some really tasty food for a reasonable price. Seriously, this is a must-try. Get yourself a piece of Heine's!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,8/22/2010,14,43,,1,1>This is THE best hole-in-the-wall northern Chinese and as the name says, Sicuan restaurant. The lunch buffet is best for anglos, there are two dinner menus, one for Asians and one for non-Asians. Ask for the 'other' menu and you may be treated to dinners you can not get in any traditional chinese restaurants.One a sale of  1-5, this is a SIX and the price value is one of the best I have ever experienced, including San Francisco, NYC, Chicago and anywhere in the US.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,8/21/2010,17,55,,5,2>The food here is pretty good - the M-80s are absolutely delicious! We had the "Cool Hand Luke" which is a hamburger that they completely deep-fry (not just the meat) and the "Mongo Burger" (1 lb). Both were really good. The Wild Blue beer, which is blueberry flavored was very good too. Our waiter was attentive and friendly as well.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2009,8/20/2010,133,150,5,3,4>Three words, NOM NOM NOMSandwiches here are soooo good, and so happy I can get high quality salami and prosciutto and a big crusty loaf of french bread near where I live - I could eat here every day if I didn't care about becoming the world's largest woman!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,8/19/2010,75,186,1,8,4>It's hard to believe this is in the city,(Technically it's in Lawrence.) but I'm glad it is. Lots of trails, both paved & not, a sledding hill, the answer to my searches about renting horses for trail riding-yes $21 a person for a guided 2.5 mile trail ride, a duck pond, a pond for fishing, a warfare museum, and lots of open green areas for $5. The day we went there were lots of bike riders & people walking dogs, so obviously this place is great for doing those activities as well. Lots of hills on some of the trails which could be great or daunting, depending on your point of view. Many picnic areas w/ grills and numerous restrooms. Several areas had nice playgrounds for kids.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,8/18/2010,4,32,,2,1>Red Habanero is amazing.  I tried it and then went back again within two days, haha.  That says something!  The burritos are amazing; I've had two kinds of burritos and will probably branch out to try something else next time.  They have so much on their menu!  I love that they have cilantro as a burrito topping and their salsa bar is great.  The tomatilla salsa is addicting.  I highly recommend the Fajita Grill burrito with chicken.  Too many good things for this little box can be said about the place, so I'll just cut myself off right now and assume I've said enough. :)
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2010,8/17/2010,5,17,,6,1>I stand by my previous review in terms of my satisfaction with my hair and the level of customer service that John Mark provides.  However, I wanted to add to Mindy H.'s experience regarding the bumped appointment.  This also occurred to me about 2 weeks ago - although the salon did call a few hours in advance to tell me that they were "accidentally overbooked" (after confirming 2 days earlier).  I had an important presentation for work later in the week, so I scheduled a bang trim for the next day.  To accommodate their mistake and hold me over for two weeks, I was asked to PAY $20!  I explained to the receptionist that this was not acceptable customer service, and after consulting with someone else, I was told that I did not need to pay.  If I didn't love the way John Mark cuts my hair, I probably would not go back.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,8/16/2010,210,195,,6,2>My vegan roommate always requests to ride up to the BR location even though we live about a mile from the Downtown location..  I was skeptical at first, but it's soooo worth it.It's cheaper and the vegetarian options are plentiful!I think I've been to the BR location 9 out of the last 10 times this month.. Yeah, we eat a lot of Indian food.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,8/14/2010,63,46,,6,4>As for Mexican places you can't go wrong here.  They really don't have a sense of what the American palate is so you will get truly authentic and deeply flavorful things here.  I think the high points are anything with goat (barbacoa or menudo), caldo de pollo, tamales, flan, and the mole.  The one thing you must try if you go here is the pineapple drink.  It is always good but Miguel, the owner, really makes it the best.  His wife also makes the best handmade tortillas I have had in Indy.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,8/13/2010,5,20,1,1,1>Eating here is like dining at a friend's house, only you don't need to offer to do dishes. The staff are family and could not be more friendly. Decor is colorful and interesting with rugs decorating walls. Food could not be better. So many veggie options!!
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,8/12/2010,74,180,2,5,7>The Ball & Biscuit is exactly what Nap Town needs more of... a local place that is distinctly different from the other options.  The atmosphere is very relaxing with brick, soothing colors, and oversized chairs.  The music was not overpowering and blended in well (Death Cab for Cutie and Owl City type sound).  The drinks may appear pricey to some folks, generally $10 and up for a signature cocktail, but you pay for what you get.  I think the price was actual very reasonable and had a sampling of a few drinks.  I also tried a small plate and was very satisfied.  There is not a huge selection of foods, just a few small plates perfectly selected to compliment the premium drinks.  There are some nice beers on tap and wines if that is more your style.I am officially a regular of The Ball & Biscuit.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,8/11/2010,1,5,,2,1>I love Lulu's cafe! I was there the day that it opened and every time I go there I get the same great food and the same great service. I recommend the feta and spinach quiche and there BLT's are really good too! The workers are very nice and the place is always clean. It's a very good place to have brunch with friends, meetings, or just to go there with your kids and get some really great food!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,8/10/2010,25,16,1,4,3>I had a wonderful time at Sansui this past Friday night.  We sat at the bar which was great because the sushi chef was very personable and made for an enjoyable experience.  The sushi portions were pretty big and I really loved the Fire Fire Roll.  Their Inari contained a sweet root inside and wrapped around the outside which really added to the flavor.  One downside, the Rock 'n' Roll was a little too fried compared to what I like and kind of mushy. Overall the staff was friendly, the food was great, and sitting at the bar made it even more fun.  I definitely recommend Sansui for a Friday night date with your significant other.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,8/9/2010,8,34,1,4,2>No take-home box needed with this spicy hot awesomeness!  We got the drunken noodle with pork, "Thai" spicy hot, and the Panang curry with chicken, regular hot, and recommend both!  I will not be ordering anything "Thai" hot again, but, gosh, it was sure nice to have something light me up out here in the Midwest where food can tend toward the blah and expected, if you aren't careful.  Speaking of being lit up, as we left the restaurant, fully stuffed (will have to try the fried bananas next time), we got a private fireworks display--no joke.  Very fitting for the occasion.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,8/8/2010,13,13,2,5,4>I love Ichiban, and I find that whenever I order sushi anywhere else, I compare it to what I find at Ichiban.The service is great and the waitresses are so attentive, you almost don't notice them, but suddenly you have a new drink.  The specialty rolls are well explained and absolutely divine.  I'm not a huge fan of Nori (seaweed) or raw fish, so I tend to stick with the Crazy roll, the Pink Dragon, or the Kate roll, which either use soy paper or crab meat.The rolls are done superbly, and don't fall apart like some places, but are still a mouth full.  The fish is always fresh and never soggy, and the Teriyaki meals come to the table still sizzling.Ichiban offers regular table seating, booth seating, or small meeting  rooms where you take off your shoes and your legs dangle over a shallow hole in the floor.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,8/7/2010,7,19,1,2,2>Craveworthy!  I've never been to a place that I could crave toast- thick slices with butter.  I went everyday in the morning for weeks just for slices of toast & some fruit.  The menu item you have to try is the Croque Monsieur.  Fantastic- it's tastiness is directly in proportion to how full you'll be when you finish.  This cozy little place is unique and locally owned.  There's free wi-fi & you can dine al fresco with your animal companion.If you want something less heavy the soups are delicious & so is their egg white omelet menu.  Hmmm.  I should stop reviewing because I need to be there now...
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,8/6/2010,231,15,2,6,4>I love Evolve Salon.  Everyone who works there is SUPER nice & its a totally HIP salon -- love the friendliness, decor and atmosphere.   They always have the BEST products and turn out some seriously awesome color and bad-ass hair.  Bravo Evolve!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,8/4/2010,42,96,3,4,2>Found this place by accident.  Its tucked in off a corner on 96th st and really just made a wrong turn last week and stumbled across it.A few of us stopped in last night and none were disappointed by what they ordered, the prices were fair and we walked in on Jazz night on the patio.  The only downside was the numerous mosquito bites we suffered from being on the patio. Service was decent, Chris, our server, was busy, but always diligent about checking up on us.  Check out the back of the menu for some GREAT summer specials that they offer daily, including Friday night $3 you call its!  I will most deff be back to visit in the near future.  I went hungry and had to keep myself from ordering 1/2 the menu!  I suffer from my eyes are bigger then my tummy sometimes.  The food is pub grub with a step up in taste and still avoids the Mass Ave snooty-ness some of the stepped up bar places offer.  The crowd was a mix, I was in a group of late 20's and 30 somethings, most of the rest of the patio Jazz crowd seemed to be over 40ish.  But all seemed to lean more to the side of working professionals.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2009,8/3/2010,25,60,1,7,3>Saturday night is punk rock night.  I wish I could make it there more often.  I found that there was a tasty Bell's Two-Hearted IPA on tap and it made me very happy.  My spot at the end of the bar wasn't  too smokey and I was able to enjoy to the music.  Long live the Melody Inn!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,8/2/2010,179,458,3,8,7>I must say that I love pizza.  It is by far my favorite food.  I'm not a pizza snob by any stretch of the imagination.  Even chain pizza is still pizza.  I can appreciate the many different ways you can make pizza.The pizza was more charred that I expected.  I have had brick oven pizza many times and I would say they tend to leave it in longer than I would suggest.  The pizza crust had a nice texture however.  It was crisp and chewy.  The crust was the best part.  They didn't have pineapple.  I wanted to try prosciutto ham and pineapple.   However my wife and I went for the sausage and fennel with roasted red peppers.  It was a nice combination.  The prices are better than I expected for the review I got from a coworker.  It sounded more gourmet that it really is.  We snuck out of there with two chop salads, a pizza, and drinks for around $20 before tip.Service, by far is 5 stars.  Our waitress never let our glasses bottom out.  She was very nice and friendly.  The bad news, Pizzology is in Carmel.  That means I had to drive there.  I think this place needs to be in the city of Indianapolis and not in a strip mall off of a roundabout.  Bottom line, if I had to choose to drive to Carmel for Pizzology or walk Bazbeaux...I'd walk.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,8/1/2010,56,21,3,6,5>When my lovely wife went back to work last fall, our two dogs kicked up a devil of a fuss at the thought of holding their bladders in the crates all day and existing with no daytime human companionship while we both were at work. So, we found a little extra money leftover in our budget and put out an ad looking for someone to let the dogs out for bathroom break and some running once a day. One of the most encouraging responses came from Deb Stouffer, owner of RedRoverDogz.It didn't take long after meeting Deb to know that she was the right person for the job. Our normally shy basset hound promptly trotted up to her upon introduction, smelled her hand and licked it. This from the pup who would usually rather hide behind the tree trunks of my legs when a new person comes over. And, my gut reaction was right. Both our dogs love Deb, and from the videos she has  sent us of her playing with them out back, we could tell she loves them, too. It's a beautiful thing when you know  your pets are in the hands of a good caring person in your absence. That's the kind of feeling you will get from working with RedRoverDogz.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,7/31/2010,16,59,5,6,7>LOVE! Go here when you are having a crap day and wallow in the Working Man's unpretentiousness, its hole-in-the-wall decor, menu on the wall and cash-only simplicity. Fantastic (flat and not greasy) burgers, simple fries and the most basic (and sometimes reviled) beers (although, if you revile those beers, you likely are not in your element here). :)Cash only. Smoking is allowed. Service is fast and efficient - your order comes out right. The lunch clientel will surprise you - a lot of business folks who look overdressed but obviously come here often.This is a working man's Indiana establishment. Long live it!
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,7/30/2010,68,197,,5,4>My love for sushi developed when I lived in NY, but have been a little leery of partaking since moving to landlocked Avon.A friend of mine and I stopped in for lunch yesterday. Firstly, we were really excited when we entered by the decor.  The koi pond in the floor and little bridges were so inviting.  We found ourselves lingering when we left because it was different to see this feature in such a location.Their lunch menu isn't huge, but it's got plenty of options for lunch - bento boxes, noodle dishes, tempura, sushi, sashimi, etc.  I'd rather have a choice of a few things that are well prepared anyway.We started with a spicy tuna roll and the soft shell crab.  The tuna roll was really delicious and fresh.  The soft shell crab was so crispy!  They were both a win!  I had the curry-lemon chicken and my friend ordered the curry rice w/ shrimp.  Miso soup came first and, normally I pass on this, but I found it really flavorful!  Albeit a touch overcooked, my chicken tasted great and had a bit of a crunch without heavy breading.  I really enjoyed that texture difference.  The fried rice was SUPERB and a stir fry of fresh vegetables accompanied it.  The shrimp curry was enjoyed by my friend and had the same accompaniments.  There were several large shrimp on his plate.The prices were reasonable and I look forward to going back!ETA: 7/17/11 - This has become a regular haunt for us.  Tonight, after a horrific experience at another sushi place, I'm bumping these guys up from 4 stars to 5.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,7/29/2010,25,10,6,6,6>Upon entering the dimly lit and bustling tavern, I immediately encountered the strangest thing: mobs of citizens,  businessmen, big wigs and your everyday Joe cheerfully partaking in their delicious cocktails, telling jokes, carrying on and...crying. Crying?  Something was off. These folks looked happy, nay, exuberant, yet tears were flowing like Long Island Iced Teas at an open bar.Surrounded by walls of beautifully aged wood and joyous folks, I took my seat and began to dive in to the list of cuisine that lay before me.Upon my lady friend's ordering, my journey into cuisine legend began. The bow-tied waiter placed before me a shining, immaculate cauldron filled with six, enormous decapod crustaceans bathing in their own version of the Red Sea. Without a word, I tossed one in to my mouth and a stream of tears, none like I have ever seen, began to pour.This was it.  The legend.  The St. Elmo Shrimp Cocktail.  The feeling of your sinuses clearing in an instant and the jolt that shoots through your entire body is almost indescribable. Like a painful sore in your mouth that you just can't leave alone, I went back for more.In the fewest words possible, this shrimp cocktail is amazing.  Everyone has seen it on TV, read and heard about it, but there is nothing like experiencing it in person.  The shrimp are amazing, huge and tender while the flaming sauce is spicy and delicious.  Imagine taking a bite off of a horseradish root marinated in wasabi and then chasing it with the finest shrimp around.  It shocks you, but  only  for a few seconds, and then you crave more.Whenever I am downtown and have a few bucks to spare- I grab this delight.  If you live in Indianapolis and normally need a cup of coffee to keep you going, try the cocktail instead.  It will surely jumpstart your day. It's the true working man's meal.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/28/2010,83,9,2,5,2>Flat out awesome Coffee Shop. The baristas are great and super friendly! They are also very knowledgeable about Coffee! Along with great coffee Calvin Fletcher has cake, sandwiches and other pastries. If you can score some of their Red Velvet Cake I would highly recommend it! However, their cake schedule does not include Red Velvet regularly, but just ask and they can usually give you a 2-3 day line up.  The Coffee Mocha Latte is off the charts and is by far my favorite drink there and the cappuccino is really good too! All and all this a great spot for coffee, blogging (with the free wi-fi), grabbing a piece of cake,meeting someone or just chatting with the employees. I love Calvin Fletchers and thank Groupon for introducing me to it!
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,7/26/2010,127,18,,3,3>Marco's is a pretty nice restaurant...if you can find it.  But that's part of the charm.  Most people pass by it all the time on the busy intersection of 54th & Keystone and don't know it exists.  Marco's has a great $10 Tuesday special that comes with filet, a greek house or ceasar salad and a side.  I usually get the baked potato.  I'm a pretty big guy, but the portions are a good size to fill you up without feeling like you can't move afterward.  On any other night, you'll find a pretty interesting menu with items that you won't normally find at your average steakhouse.  The fish is always surprisingly fresh and the Chicken Oscar is a winner winner chicken dinner.The venue itself is cozy and dark.  It reminds me of a place where the Rat Pack might hang out and smoke cigars at the bar after a show.  The decor has a lot of wood and leather that gives it a 1950's feel.  If you're going with a group of more than 6, I would suggest making reservations (definitely make reservations on a Tuesday) as the seating is somewhat limited.  During the warmer months, the patio is a nice place to hang out and have a glass of wine and spend a few hours.  They have a very nice wine selection and the bartenders are friendly and pour good drinks.  I've always had good experiences here.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,7/25/2010,4,57,2,5,5>I'm a sucker for canal side dining and Left Bank does a great job of making it fun and tasty. First, the wait staff (at least on the Sunday I was there) are outstanding. Friendly, prompt, helpful, flexible (I chaged tables twice to hide from the sun), dog loving (dogs are very welcome at the outside tables)  -- everything you could want.The menu is nice. Definitely cafe food but a good range of it. A number of vegetarian options. I had a delicious ceasar salad (substituting the regular dressing for a yummy taragon one). While tea doesn't seem to be a focus for them, I got a very nice oolong that I was able to ice down. It was a great Sunday lunch on a hot, hot day.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,7/24/2010,6,11,,5,4>I've adopted 2 of my dogs from HSI; Both times the process was efficient and fast. They make sure the animals are not going to homes with irresponsible owners. After I rescued a Staffordshire/Pit Mix from Logansport, IN, that had been abused and chained up for the entire 10 months of his life, they took him in once they were sure they had enough room for him, put him through temperament testing, got him neutered and vaccinated. He was adopted within a few days! They are also Partnered in the Indianapolis Animal Welfare Alliance which is a collaborative effort of public and private animal shelters, outreach and rescue groups, and individuals who are dedicated to the welfare of animals in the City of Indianapolis. Other members of the Alliance are ~*The Indy Pit Crew* ~Indy Feral ~FIDO ~Southside Animal Shelter ~Cats Haven ~IACC ~Spay and Neuter Services of Indianapolis
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2010,7/23/2010,15,280,5,2,3>I went back to For Love 21 yesterday and left a little less enthused than I did the first time. Lots of really long pendant necklaces and not much else in that department. Lots of cheap-looking earrings with hoops big enough for a tiger to jump through. Still a great selection of rings, and the pajamas are adorable. I also scored some fun tights for roller derby on clearance.Also, could the staff maybe perk up a little? Good lord, you work in a costume jewelry store, not a meat-packing plant circa 1900. The girl who rang me out looked like she'd just lost her best friend, and the ones meandering through the store and restocking the merchandise acknowledged the customers with a monotone "Hi-how-are-you" when they arrived and "Thank-you-have-a-nice-day" when they left. It was like "Night of the Living Dead" up in there. The discounts alone would be enough to make me cheery!
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,7/22/2010,13,98,4,6,4>I've been here twice in two weeks.. the first time I started with the Tao Hoo Thod appetizer, it didn't disappoint nor did the peanut sauce.  Nom nom.  Follow up was the Red Curry ordered super Thai Hot.   It was delicious but didn't quite burn my mouth off..  Tonight I went with a group of friends and ordered the Pud Prik King with Tofu extra super spicy Thai hot and it BURNED my mouth off!  My four dinner guests were afraid of trying it and only two of them dared, one bite and they were out of the game.  I'm amazed, in all my years of eating out at Indian, Thai and Chinese places I've never had someone try to kill me when ordering that hot before.   I think I officially love Sawasdee!   I'm not usually one to splurge on dessert but I had to follow up with the Mango Coconut Sticky Rice dish just to save my mouth.  They also refilled my water glasses like a zillion times without asking.  I swear our table had a rotation of five people just filling our glasses.  I'm going to go upload a photo of the spicy dish I devoured tonight, you can practically feel the burn through the imagery.   For the record, the egg rolls are melt in your mouth delicious and my friends all loved their Pad Thai and ooh man that Thai Iced Tea is kind of like the Starbucks Green Tea Latte/Frap if it were orange colored..I'm also going to upload photos taken in the ladies room for the simple fact that I feel its tragic that the male gender will not be exposed to its elegance otherwise.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,7/21/2010,38,223,2,3,3>Yum, finally ice cream (or frozen yogurt - same thing) on Mass Ave!  They have little taster cups to try the 6 currently available flavors.  My favorites are cheesecake, orange cream, and vanilla bean.  Decent prices.  Pretty standard mix ins but that's what I like anyway.  I'm not sure what mix in would work with orange cream so if you figure it out, let me know.  I haven't tried any of their coffee or tea yet.  My one complaint is that the coffee menu is on a TV that flips back and forth to other images - making it difficult to figure out what's on the menu.  Is a menu that's not a digital billboard too much to ask for?  Already a repeat customer for the yogurt though...
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,7/20/2010,63,195,2,2,3>No it's not cheap but they serve high quality food and I will gladly pay more for that. Seems like they try to get as much locally grown food as possible, which is pretty cool. Though we have wondered if there really is anyone raising buffalo in Indiana. I know this is a stupid etail to notice but I'm a graphic design nerd so I gotta point out something I find cool: They use brown paper table coverings and use 2 giant wood stamps to print the burger menu and a logo on the paper before setting the table. Such a cool idea - it takes the servers a little longer to re-set a table because of it but in my opinion, the uniqueness factor makes it worth it. The giant towels instead of napkins is a nice touch too. Did I mention they serve food? The little deep fry basket loaded with potatoes and bacon bits and cheese - I don't know what they call it but I call it a delicious heart attack in a basket. The tomato soup might be some of the best I've ever had - yeah tomato soup! What's so big about tomato soup? Try it here and you'll see what I mean. I didn't have the bison burger (or is it buffalo? I can't remember) but several people that dined with us had it and they all raved about them - best burger they've had (well, next to kobe beef burgers). Being pregnant and unable to have beer (sob) the fresh lemonade with blueberry flavoring added is a pretty good alternative to boring old water. I kinda want one now just because I'm thinking about it. mmm...lemonade.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,7/19/2010,6,24,2,8,2>I ate five West Coast Tacos for lunch a few weeks ago and have had gnawing cravings ever since. The steak tacos are delicious and the salsa is fresh and just spicy enough. I can't wait to find them at night in Broad Ripple so I can try the chicken and fish tacos, too. The line gets out of control pretty quickly, so get there early or be ready for a bit of a (well-worth it) wait.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2009,7/18/2010,18,2,,5,2>Ever since moving to Zionsville, I have had my eye on Noah Grants as a restaurant I wanted to try. This past week, for our two year anniversary I got my chance. I had heard some really good things about it, and they did not disappoint. My husband had mentioned it was our anniversary when he made the reservation and we were seated in a private area with an intimate table and curtains that surrounded it. We started off with a sushi roll as an appetizer...we got the "Maui" which had tempura shrimp, mango, avocado and cream cheese. It was refreshing and a perfect way to start. As for drinks-- I had a glass of their Sauvingnon  Republic and it was delicious-- as well as in a HUGE glass. For dinner-- I got the lake perch which was crispy, delicious and the cole slaw that came with it was refreshing and tasty. My husband opted for the meat loaf (A Noah Grant special) and he LOVED it. We also opted to split the bacon potatoes au gratin and they came out piping hot from the oven and ready to share (was quite a bit to split between two people, would probably be enough for a table of four to get a decent serving).The portions were HUGE! Definitely a lot of food for the money. We took home leftovers of the meatloaf and the potatoes.  When we had our plates cleared away our server came and offered us a dessert on the house on occasion of our anniversary. We opted for the creme brulee (it's a favorite dessert of ours and we like to try it at various restaurants). All in all it was delicious, intimate, and we will definitely go back. Personally, we would rank it at the top of the restaurants in Zionsville.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2010,7/17/2010,54,74,1,7,4>Coolness Alert!!!!   If you look up "dive" on Wikipedia, there is probably a photo of this place--but ooh what great food!  A classic hole in the wall, that serves really terrific "authentic" Mexican food.  This place is a step up from the ubiquitous Mexican restaurants around town that all offer the same boring stuff that all tastes exactly the same (like the chips they serve).  The food here is prepared more on the authentic side, with very good sauces and traditional elements.   Very friendly waitress and cook.   It is obvious true that the cook at Mexican In (I'm not sure if the name is a good or bad pun) not only knows the recipes, but is an amazing cook in general.   If you look past the register you can see into the kitchen and see her preparing the meals.  I have eaten here several times and have never been disappointed, in fact, I have been amazed at the quality and taste of the food each time.  The mole is sublime.   The carne asada perfect.   The place is family run, and ihey definitely saved money by not putting it into the decor which is a bit worn and and sun faded walls with old Naugahyde upholstered booths, but the food is what your looking for anyway right?  If more people knew about this place, I am sure it would have a  following such as El Sol, which is the closest restaurant I can compare it to in terms of how the food tastes.  But this place is far less pretentious or  expensive.  If you can get over the divey look of the place, and the location, and just appreciate the quality of the food, you'll will have found a great alternative to the clone like Mexican restaurants where you over eat and can't even remember how it tasted afterward.  In fact, this is likely where all the people that work at those restaurants go for breakfast, lunch or dinner out at a place like this.  I should mention that although the restaurant is a bit threadbare--I have observed a a very clean kitchen, with the cook wearing a spotless apron, so we know we have a cook who is serious about food and her kitchen.  All great finds like this one have their quirks and this one's quirk is it is easy to miss.  Although it is right on Michigan just west of the intersection with Rural on the near east side, and across from an old Hardware store, it kind of just blends in.   Do yourself a favor and take a chance like I did--you'll be back again and again.    Best of all it doesn't seem to do much advertising so it is never crowded, and often you can have the whole place to yourself--perfect for that long date where you just want to sit and talk with someone, but go with your boho adventurous spirit, and appreciate the place for what it is.  Oh, one more quirk--it is cash only, but that is exactly what you would expect.  :).
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,7/16/2010,265,331,5,6,4>Other than the odd/ awkward entry point (no host stand? No official 'hi, we've walked in the FRONT door of an eating establishment" type of clue...) I loved the space. The pub faire tasted authentic. I lived in England for a year, so I can be pretty picky, but the Shepherd's Pie here was AWESOME! I wish they would have served it with a small helping of chips like they do in England. Who doesn't want potatoes with their potatoes, I ask you? Not this kid. I could dip french fries (chips in this instance) into a baked potato smotherd in mashed potatoes with a raw potato appetizer. I guess that's the Irish in me. Love it. My fellow diners seemed equally impressed. Way to go! Oh, and they have Boddingtons. Now I am getting home sick for London. Thanks a lot, Red Lion Grog House! I'll have to be back soon.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,7/15/2010,130,709,6,11,7>A friend tells me about this tamale place around 16th Street - said it was recently visited by the Food Channel and the tamales are supposed to be fantastic. They are. The tamales are big and corny goodness surrounds delectable fillings.The Tamale Place is building a new ''place" just next to the current one, but I'm glad I visited the current digs first. Its basically one big open room - all kitchen except for the warmer and cash register by the door - everything is out in the open. There is a small ledge of counter top if you want to eat in. Pure ambiance.The tamale is the centerpiece. They make about 8 varieties - for example chicken and green chillies or beef and red chipotle. When they run out, they stop selling. A dry-erase board keeps score.Speaking of scores, this is a big one. I'll be back - a lot.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/10/2010,7/14/2010,140,496,11,7,6>Might go 3.5.  Please note, this review is strictly based on the bubble tea.The wife and I were looking for something to crave our sweet tooth, and to crave it, we wanted bubble tea.  Not too many places in Noblesville got it, so we searched yelp and came up with this place.The place itself is set in a strip mall (a very classy strip mall:-P).  The wife and I walked in, and saw a very chic, aesthetically pleasing little joint.  Of course they had frozen yogurt, which is why I'm sure most people come here.  Plenty of toppings, and very well presented.  If i was a frozen yogurt kind of guy, I might come here, but the wife and I were set on getting bubble tea.They had both milk teas, and fruit blends.  Not sure what the quality would be like, we opted to get a Taro bubble tea.  I had heard the girl behind the register describe the taste of "taro" as being "nutty."  Yeah, definitely would not use that term to describe Taro.An older lady (who we imagine to be the owner) made our bubble tea, and it rocked.  $3.50 or something for one, the wife and I thought about ordering a second, but were content with just the one.Fun fact- the backwall of this place is covered with heart shape post it notes that you can write on.  Look for Dana and Ruben, and you will have seen greatness (ok, that was a bit much).Celebrity Rating- John Cho
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,7/13/2010,91,10,4,7,6>Just came back from Country Kitchen Soulfood, which may be Kountry Kitchen because it's spelled differently on the sign outside and the menu's inside- but whatever. A few coworkers joined me, many of whom have not visited the Kitchen before. When we first walked through the door it was a bit intimidating, or something, to have 7 or 8 people just kind of staring back at you. You stand there and you don't really know what to do- is there a waiter, do I sit down, will someone please greet me?? A few seconds later a guy with a smile says "Hello, go ahead and have a seat."We find a table for 7 in the second room and dive right into the menu. I was torn between the smothered pork chops and the fried chicken. I've heard the pork chops were good but fried chicken just always sounds good. I could always opt for the healthier baked chicken or fish, but no... Also on the menu were rib tips, baked pork chops, cubed steak, chicken wings, a veggie plate and meatloaf. Sides to choose from were mac and cheese, collard greens, mustard greens, cabbage, mashed potatoes, yams, fried corn and I don't remember what else. With every meal you also receive your choice of wheat bread, white bread or cornbread.I ordered the smothered pork chops with mac and cheese, cabbage and fried cornbread. Lemonade to wash it down. We were there for our lunch hour so we were a bit worried we wouldn't make it back on time. To our surprise, maybe SIX minutes after we gave the waitress our order, we received our lunch. Well, half of us. One end of the table got theirs about 10 minutes later... The food smelled so good and it looked great. I'm very picky about my soul food and I NEVER really go to soul food restaurants. I leave with horrible gas because of all the grease and salt and I hate the presentation as everything is like drowned in gravy so I can't even see what I ordered. And a lot of times they smell like dishwater or onions or something. That wasn't the case here. And although the waitress gave me someone else's yams and gave someone else my cabbage, she was very nice about it and checked on us often.The yams were heavenly. The cabbage was much better than I expected and the porkchops were awesome. Now, macaroni and cheese is my favorite food so its hard to please me with the cheese. They were decent though. Not the best, not the gooey cheesiest, but decent and I ate them all... I cleaned my plate. Everyone at the table loved their food. More than once I heard "the chicken wings ARE seasoned just right!" The atmosphere was cozy and seemed to have a rich history. I loved the framed images on the wall of the city's black leaders- I noticed pictures of Julia Carson, DJ Geno, Rodney Bryant and many others. It made me think for a split second- at what point will they want to put my picture on the wall?Anyway, I now feel full and sleepy. When I think about the gravy I thought was so luscious just an hour ago, it now makes me want to hurl. Soul food will do that to you if you eat too much. Remember friends, eat until you get satisfied- not until you get full. I couldn't that at C(K)ountry Kitchen. It was that good.Find the Kitchen on the corner of 19th and Colllege, right across from Grace. My order was 12 bucks- not horrible for the amount and for the taste.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,7/12/2010,86,133,2,2,2>Growing up near Chicago, I was spoiled because I was around seemingly infinite options for awesome pizza. From Connie's, Uno's, to Gino's East, you were able to try something new if you really wanted to! And then I moved to Indy, an area that is currently dominated by chain establishments. I had been patiently waiting to try a place that had some personality, and got my wish when I went to Napolese last week. The first thing I noticed was the crowd lingering outside. As much as I hate waiting, that is a tell-tale sign that a restaurant is going to be great. When we got inside, we were greeted by our server, who was super nice and attentive, despite how busy it was. I opted for a freestyle pizza, with pepperoni and gorgonzola cheese. All of the ingredients were fresh, well made, and uber yummy. The pizzas are baked in a brick oven, which does wonders for the taste, and is about as close to authentic Italian as you're going to get in Indiana! My one beef is it is extremely crammed, but it is my understanding that the place will eventually expand. Other than that, the food is great, service is awesome, and has an all around great atmosphere. The wine and beer selection is great too. Napolese is a great addition to the neighborhood, and I see it becoming an Indy hot spot very quickly! If you haven't been here yet, go now! Well...not now now, as they are only open for dinner at 5:00. Enjoy!
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,7/11/2010,132,195,2,5,3>Just wanted to update that unless you LOVE house music, don't go to Blu on Thursday nights. That's all they play, and they don't take requests. Friday and Saturday nights though still have a great mix of music.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,7/8/2010,63,10,2,3,2>Silver in the City is by far the best gift shop in Indianapolis.  You can find great stuff for anyone on your list in this shop.  They carry things that range from the hilarious card or note to great and hip furniture and accessories for your house.  I always come here to get that perfect gift.  Silver in the city also carries items made by local crafters and artists.  It is very important to me to support our local community and that is why I try to buy local.  Not only are you supporting a local business by shopping here but you are also supporting local artists if you select their items.  I would highly recommend this store if you need a gift or just something fun to cheer yourself up.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,7/7/2010,109,103,2,7,4>A greasy spoon local diner with Prime Rib on the menu, right before the homemade pizza section. Some of their offerings are simply average, but many are stellar. There are little touches here and there that really make a difference. Real bacon & lots of cheese on my dinner salad ( I nearly fainted) Most of the salad dressings are homemade. The Cheesy bread app. is a meal served with homemade parmesan dipping sauce. It's looks like they stopped decorating in 1965, not like they are trying to decorate and make it look 60ish, it's the real deal. I've been a few time's now and I find the service on the slow side, with the regulars getting most of the attention, but the menu selection, and $ value, it really is cheap, make up for it. So if you just can't bear the drive thru one more night, and even Steak & Shake is getting old, steer on over to The Steer-In, have a seat and enjoy the food, and the people watching, there's plenty of both to go around.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,7/6/2010,19,103,,3,4>Locally Grown Gardens is a farm fresh produce stand on 54th at the Monon.  It's fantastic.  They offer a variety of locally grown and in season produce.  The selection varies by month and what's in season and the owner gets his produce from Indiana, Kentucky, and the Carolinas. They are open every day and will be year long.Everything we have bought has been delicious, fresh and reasonably priced.Check them out!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,7/5/2010,21,89,2,5,3>I went to this restaurant based on a previous review and I was not disapointed.  The fish tacos were great, a wide variety of flavors all being thrown together in a shell that all works together.  The flavors were fresh and great.  My wife had the burrito that look great, all white meat chicken and fresh ingredients.  I will be back to try the ribs which were being eaten at the table next to us and looked amazing.  My only compaint is that its counter service and I prefer a waitstaff.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,7/4/2010,64,79,10,3,8>Love, love, love. Dear Ripple Bagel and Deli will you marry me? They have a huge selection and everything can be personalized. Good is great every time and service is always wonderful. I would eat here everyday. In fact, I might already be eating here everyday.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,7/2/2010,140,444,4,5,3>I had been wanting to try Oakley's for months (since I read about it on Yelp, thank you, Yelpers!) and about three weeks before Max was born, we headed out the whole 2 miles from our house (yes, this little gem was hiding out just around the corner for the entire five years we have lived here!) to experience the fabulousness that is Oakley's Bistro.  Tucked in a small strip mall (I know, right?  Not ideal but...it works!), it doesn't have a ton of curb appeal, but once inside, the trendy, romantic atmosphere prevails.  Don't let the parking lot scare you away or trick you into thinking this is a cheap dining (as bistro might let on).My husband and I were seated promptly on a Friday night on a cool summer evening in early August.  It was a great location with a view of the whole dining room AND the kitchen (like that!).  Our waiter (I can't remember his name but his girlfriend had just recently had a baby) was prompt, polite and recommended incredible choices from the menu.I do remember arguing with hubs about which appetizer to get, but we settled (and by settled, I mean, I got my way) on the Lobster Waffle.  We had to try it, after all - who puts lobster in a waffle?  All I can say is ...wow.  Heaven in my mouth (I am writing this review SOLELY for the waffle, I won't lie - you MUST go there now and get it).  It came in a skillet, hot out of the oven, full of a deliciousness I cannot fully describe!  Large chunks of lobster, an incredible sauce all mixed together with some amazing veggies IN A WAFFLE!! Who knew?!?!  I certainly did not, but let me tell you, I could have eaten another for my entree.My entree ...while good, was not as delectable as the lobster waffle (but I suppose, I may have blown the load on the appetizer!) :).  I got the Fettuccini with veal meatballs.  It was good, but a bit on the salty side and I am a HUGE fan of this particular spice, so I was a bit overwhelmed.  I thought the sauce lacked SOMETHING, though at the time, I could not place it.  I would not get it again.My husband got the Duck and Duck and he thought it was great.  I went to try it and he nearly stabbed my pregnant paw with his fork before allowing me a (small) bite.  It was mouth-watery and delicious.  I was incredibly jealous of his meal.  We skipped dessert.  Our bill was still out of our pre-baby budget at right over $100 with tip but I absolutely enjoyed my "last supper" and would definitely go back!!I recommend Oakley's for anyone looking for something unique, original, small and intimate in Indy.  Great for a small group (maybe 4-8 people), a third (hello - home run, boys!) date, or a nice girls' night out.  They have a wine list that I did not partake in but was very interested, and I think that if you have the money, you should spend it here instead of a typical chain hell hole that encompasses the roads of Indianapolis.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,7/1/2010,111,194,4,8,7>The six-story Indianapolis Central Library is not only a monument to bookworms; it's also a pleasant place to hang out.Gorgeously situated at the end of the American Legion Mall, it is a convenient walk from downtown.  I recommend going to the upper stories and marveling at the view.It also features:- free wifi- a cafe- helpful staff- an easy way to request and renew books online- a pretty good DVD selectionAnd just as important: AIR CONDITIONING!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,6/30/2010,149,388,4,13,7>Yes! Yes! Yes! First hooray: Great rehabbed location, the old Monon Railway's Broad Ripple train stop/station! Second cheer: Sustainable, responsible, thoughtful business practices. Served on real dishes (that can be washed) and only selling sodas that come in glass bottles (that can be 100% recycled). Third woohoo: Killer ice cream! I had the Yellow Cake Batter - Insane! Never had a better cake batter ice cream. It had little chunks of chocolate (representing the chocolate frosting of course) and I swear I was really eating a Duncan Hines yellow cake. I also had the Chocolate Choo Choo (but of course in a train station) which was a chocoholics dream (or recovering addicts nightmare, depending on perspective.) If you haven't tried this place by 4th of July you may be in for long lines. Go! Now!! Quit reading and go already!!!! Peace.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2008,6/29/2010,24,191,,3,2>This enormous cemetery, fenced in from the outside world with a brick wall, is both a popular field trip destination and a peaceful place to spend a pretty afternoon. Some people find it morbid to hang out in cemeteries, but there's a lot to be said for the solemn aura of reverence, the quiet and the sense of history associated with a cemetery as large and beautiful as Crown Hill. Peruse the gravestones and feel connected to generations of Hoosiers, both famous and not. Climb up to the James Whitcomb Reilly mausoleum, the highest point in the city, and enjoy the view.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,6/28/2010,165,152,1,3,2>Will upgrade to 5 stars if followup visits are as good or better.LOVE the decor: clean, simple, and lots of oranges, yellows and reds. Very inviting, and though small, not claustrophobic.We had a party of nearly 20, and the wait wasn't bad on a Saturday night. Host and servers were accommodating, and all but one were friendly.Great selection of curries. My wife's Masaman was divine. My soft-shelled crab red curry was okay: the beans were super-fresh and the sauce was good, but the crab itself left something to be desired. Love fried soft-shell crab typically, but putting the whole thing in sauce isn't very appetizing: the fried parts soaked up the sauce and were mushy, and cutting an entire crab at a crowded table was difficult. I'll definitely be back, but will get the Masaman with tofu instead, and I'll save a crab's life.Oh yeah: they kindly split our large party's check, too.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,6/27/2010,180,775,6,5,5>Our first night in Indianapolis (Sunday) and my son-in-law and daughter who have lived in Indy for a couple of years, took us to the Canal Bistro.  After eating bad food on the road for 3 days...it was like Nirvana at the Canal Bistro.Our waitress was friendly and didn't mind that we (well...me) looked like death warmed  over after traveling for 3 days.  She kept bringing the naan and refills of our drinks and the food was wonderful.  I could barely remember my name at that point, but I do remember that I had the spicy tilapia sandwich with fries covered in feta and garlic.  Mmmmmm...Can't wait for my furniture/dishes to catch up with me so I don't overstay my welcome at my daughter and son-in-law's house :-)
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,6/26/2010,59,320,2,5,4>Okay, I finally went to BARcelona Tapas to eat - and I'll amend my review accordingly.  Maybe sitting in the bar is just not the way to go.My friend and I went there Friday night around 8pm and sat outside.  We were greeted promptly and our orders were taken.  We had the curry chicken salad and the paella, with the white sangria.  Will say that I still don't love white sangria, but it was my friend's choice.The curry chicken salad was awesome, the the waiter promptly brought us bread when we asked for it.The paella was really good.  Way better than Palomino, in my opinion, and it serves 2 for $20.  For two ladies, it was dinner for the two of us and enough leftovers for dinner the following night.Our waiter didn't try to rush us out, and we had a lovely evening.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,6/25/2010,134,221,6,5,2>So far I'm really liking this BR slice and pie joint.... I'll admit, the first time I tried 'Za, I was drunk. But the gin didn't stop me from recognizing a fine slice of pizza! It was tasty and not a bit oily like by-the-slice offerings often are. A couple of weeks later I ordered out the margherita, which was studded with wheels of tomato and topped with a very tasty fontanna cheese. The owner--who is a spitting image of a young Willem Dafoe--gave me some coupons that time so I ordered a couple of specialty pies for a little get-together last night. The "Nick the Greek" got rave reviews. I've never had pepperoncini on pizza, but it was a nice compliment to the saltiness of the feta and olives. The four-cheese pizza, which includes Gouda (!), was also good, but the Greek was really the standout. If you enjoy a thin pie, which I often do, this is a great option. They use interesting cheeses and quality toppings, and they don't overwhelm you with cheese or sauce. 'Za does not purvey the standard type pizza you'll find in Broad Ripple and I think that's a good thing. To add to its charm, Willem Dafoe and the other servers at 'Za are really nice and the place is smartly decorated. The only thing that might prevent me from patronizing this joint more often is that it's a tad expensive for pizza. But I guess you do get what you pay for!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,6/24/2010,46,41,9,16,8>I have had so many issues in my lifetime with my curly hair. All of those issues melted away when I met Erin Kruse at Urban Gypsy.I think I found Erin by googling "curly hair indianapolis" and several other people had already reviewed her hair expertise. I decided to have her chop a decent amount of hair from my head a couple years ago. At that point in time, I think I had gone more than a year without a hair cut (remember, I have "issues"...which mostly had to do with women pulling out stiff brushes to "deal" with my hair, then not understanding why I would start crying when I looked in the mirror to see an electrocuted Cousin It). That hair cut was the best hair cut I had ever had. A few months later I went back for a trim, then I moved away for a year to a tropical island in the Pacific & I went a little hippy with my hair (let it grow, let it soak up lots of ocean, etc).When I finally made it back to Indy, after a year of Hawaii hair, Erin once again performed her magic. I showed her some pictures of what I wanted & she made my hair better than I ever thought was possible. I still have people from work stopping me to tell me how much they like my hair cut (nearly 6 weeks later). This is the only hair cut I've ever had that still looks good, even after I drive around in my car with my windows down. I don't know how it works, but I love it love it love it!On top of her mad hair skills, Erin is also a sweet person and is down-to-earth. She always makes me feel comfortable and never tries to push product on me, even though I love the Aquage gel she uses.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,6/23/2010,104,322,3,7,6>Finally, something worth yelping about!See this place for yourself... the amazing hand made jewelry, art, clothing, and about anything else you would never think of is found at this beautiful shop with an even more amazing mission...Here is the mission statement from their website:"Mission: The Village Experience is a socially pro-active business dedicated to uplifting impoverished communities in the developing world through efforts in international trade and tourism. The Village Experience believes in "moving forward by giving back.." We create unique opportunities for people to support communities around the world, and we adhere to fair trade practices, green travel guidelines, and promote social responsibility.  Come join us in our mission to DO MORE!"
