<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/26/2014,22,196,,3,2>In my mind there are 3 types of sushi restaurants1) the scary, sorta dirty place where the rice is hard and the fish is rubbery, 2) the flashy kind where the rolls have names like "Super Kung Fu Panda Roll" and everything has tons of spicy mayo and decorative drizzles of sauces in the shape of hearts, and3) the kind of place where the fish on its own is so fresh, buttery soft, and flavorful that you don't even need soy sauce for dipping.Sakura is a prime example of the 3rd category.  You will not find a crazy Kung Fu Panda roll here, but you will find some amazing classics, such as a king crab roll, yellowtail roll, spicy tuna roll, salmon roll, and rainbow roll.  All of the ingredients are fresh and tasty: The rice is so soft and holds its shape while you're picking the sushi up. The fish is DELICIOUS.  The accompaniments inside the roll, like avocado and asparagus, are so green and fresh.  Yes, the rolls are plain, but I wouldn't change one thing about them because excellent fish speaks for itself.Service was fast and polite.  The place was a little on the quiet side.....needed some music :-). The decor isn't over whelming just  simple.  And the choice to eat here is simple too!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2014,11/25/2014,4,65,3,7,6>The only place in Hampton Roads I have ever found where the food is comparable (or better) than my favorite tex-mex places in Austin,TX!  Many ghent peeps have told me this is their favorite place to eat in their neighborhood, and I think it is great.We came in here a couple weeks ago on a Saturday night with party of 5, and were expecting a decent wait time, much to our surprise we were seated very quickly...I was the only person who even had time to order a drink from the bar, which was a classic mojito (i dont do all that flavored nonsense). Very good, very strong,,,if this place were in VB I would have had another, but since I was making the long trek I switched to beer. Some people who were not making the long trek, did double (or triple) up on their margaritas and jalapeno infused vodka things, and yes they were having a really great time at the point we got the check!  Is it loud in here? I didn't notice and you know what that probably means.We had absolutely no problem with the service, in fact I would say our waitress was incredibly patient as some in our party were having that whole "should I order another margarita, should i not order another margarita?" internal debate, but they were expressing this aloud over several minutes every time our server came to the table. Thank you, patient waitress. Guacamole awesome! My cousin ordered all of us the queso fundido with chicken chorizo, and it was also awesome, and not something I would have tried on my own...between that and the heavenly guac, we certainly had enough to keep us busy!!I had the Enchildas Verde with chicken, usually I will go for the shrimp but (and this is one of my only complaints) the shrimp enchiladas were $6.00 more than the chicken enchiladas....that seems a little excessive. I mean, it is not like an entire meal of shrimp vs. an entire meal of chicken, it is basically the amount of meat to fill two enchiladas which I would really doubt would justify the six dollar upcharge.  But love that they offer more side varieties than just rice and beans..although the rice was great too. Spinach, jalapeno cornbread, homemade queso etc. I would want to try so much more on the menu!!! Will def be back hereObviously it is more costly than the whole Plaza azteca/Guads/Taco Loco scene that is going on in VB, but I feel like it is a different caliber of restaurant and they really should not be compared. Very good!! Another plus~  the front door is a good work-out for your upper arms. It seems to weigh around 600 lbs.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,11/24/2014,88,178,2,6,5>I have been on two cruises with Spirit of Norfolk. Based on my first one I would give it two and a half stars. The last cruise I went on definitely bumped it up!The first time I went was for a work event. It was a Christmas Party held during lunch time. It was a nice time. Nothing extremely memorable though. It was nice going up to the top and seeing the sights, however it isn't a particularly beautiful view. The food was bland. We all had a pleasant time, but we decided that we wouldn't be going out of our way to come back again. I just tried one of their midnight cruises and that was a blast! The one we did was  "Drag The Night Away with the Sea Queens Moonlight Series" it was a perfect ladies night! The food was simple, but it was much better than what I expected for midnight. The entertainment was fantastic! We had excellent service from our server, but I made a point to go to the bar for the bartender, Dennis. He was so nice! Our drinks came out perfect every single time and he was so friendly! He definitely helped make our night memorable. The positive experience I had with the midnight cruise makes me want to give a lunch or dinner cruise another shot. They have a list of events that look like they could be fun.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,11/23/2014,74,230,4,6,5>My son's class recently had some of this pizza for their end of school year class party and everyone who tried it raved about it.  So, we were out running around on a recent Saturday and figured we'd stop in for some lunch to give it a try.  The place itself isn't huge but there are probably a dozen tables at which to sit.  We were seated and greeted right away.  We ordered some mozzarella fries with bacon and a 16" pizza.  The cheese fries were really great.  They were crinkle fries, which are my wife's favorites, and had plenty of cheese and bacon.  Quite good.  The pizza was outstanding.  It really was.  Probably as good a pie as I've had in quite some time.  The crust was light and thin with just the right amount of cheese, sauce and pepperoni.  The crust was crispy and perfect.  It's what I would consider to be classic New York style pizza and we all loved it.In reading Jennifer N.'s review, it seems the crust and quality of the pizza may depend on who makes it but on this day, we had the couple to whom she referred in her review and were pleased with the quality of the meal.  If the pizza is consistently that good, I would highly recommend you check it out.  It's worth the trip.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/22/2014,107,136,5,7,5>Satisfying breakfast! Lived in the area for 40 years and this was only my 2nd time here. With the reviews and word of mouth, I had to see what I was missing. Parking in the garage behind restaurant for up to 2 hours or metered parking, $2/hr up to 3 hours. Arrived at 12:40PM on a Sat. They close at 1PM..20min wait went pretty fast. Shannon, our waitress was on-point and patient.A lot of menu selections. Daughter ordered banana and pecan Belgian waffle. I ordered crab omelette w/ pancakes.Portions were huge. Everything was delicious. Happy we had leftovers to bring home! :) Bathrooms were small. Only two stalls. No TP. Wish place was bigger.. We were crammed like sardines but, ohhhh so worth it. ;) Definitely coming back...Off season!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,11/21/2014,334,138,12,20,17>First of all the excellent customer service makes you feel so comfortable.  And the patience to tell you about all their delicious food.  Also a thing to know is that if they charge you wrong for an item you didn't purchase they discount your bill by up to half off. Also if the food takes to long to come out it's free and all you pay us your drinks. Besides the restaurant is the store which sells many different things from sweet bread, boots, sombreros, belts, soccer cleats, fresh vegetables, fresh cut meat by their own butcher, groceries, beer, sodas, and fresh natural drinks !!!With many delicious and authentic dishes to choose from your appetite will be satisfied but it's a long list so you'll definetly be back !!! Disfruta y provecho !!!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2014,11/20/2014,34,79,2,3,3>Oh yes. This right here is my spot for Mexican if I'm close to Hampton Blvd. It's in a building that used to be Pizza Hut, directly across from Navy Federal. They serve a mean lunch special and STAY busy. You'll see lots of Military, DoD and Longshoremen packed up in here for lunch. It's sparsely decorated, but I ain't there for the scenery. Well not that kind of scenery *wink* It's clean and the service is good and fast. I mean FAST!! I get the hard tacos with shredded beef, taco salad with beef tips ###you must get the beef tips in your taco salad, comprende?!### chimichangas, and fajitas. They also have a delicious burrito, similar to the San Jose burrito, for those who are familiar with it, but it's not called the San Jose. It has chicken and pork in it, with bubbling hot white cheese sauce running down the middle..... yummy!  Love this place. I'm a regular here. And the sweet tea tastes like a Southern Grandmother made it! Sweet and fresh, just like I like it!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2014,11/19/2014,152,116,6,6,4>I've been here twice so far and I must say, the food has excelled beyond expectation both times. The sausages I ordered the first visit were definitely a safe choice. They were so succulent and as good as you'd hope from a German restaurant, I wound up ordering some to go.On my second visit, I ordered the goulash. It's one of those things that I've only heard of (and don't know where from) but just had to try. Beef cubes sitting atop egg noodles? You really can't go wrong if you like that sort of thing. It was also a wonderful introduction into that uniquely European egg noodle that I had never even heard of before. The spätzle, as it is so called, reminded me of pan-fried udon noodles. So even though the dish was of an Eastern European style, my Eastern Asian palette found it to be quite familiar in both flavor and texture. I can see how this might fall into the category of acquired tastes, but overall the goulash was a very simple and tasty dish that did not fail to satisfy my appetite.My second visit was with a much larger group. I reserved a table for 10, but over the course of the evening, the number slowly and ultimately grew to 15. Thankfully, they had saved an entire section of the restaurant just for us, so we managed to squeeze the latecomers into the party by moving and adding a table. I can't thank the restaurant staff enough for being flexible and so accommodating with us, because I realize it's challenging enough to have to process separate checks for large groups such as was ours. High praise goes to their customer-oriented service.With a beer menu that's larger than the food menu, this is arguably the best place in the historic Downtown Portsmouth to bring a group of beer-connoisseurs (a.k.a. college students) or maybe just a bunch of drunkards (a.k.a. sailors). Most of the beer menu looked to be about German, but I did manage to find Murphy's Irish Stout, which I may have just discovered to be more refreshing and slightly more delicious Guinness (although I'm not prepared to dethrone my favorite beer just yet).
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/18/2014,34,46,1,7,5>Ever have a craving for a smoothie, but hate that it has a million calories. Then check out The Healthy Connection in Sentara. Their smoothies and juices are all natural, and their protein is made with tofu. And trust me, for someone who's never had tofu, I was a little nervous, but my Peachy Cream smoothie was amazing. If I hadn't read it had tofu/protein in it, I would have never known.  It's a great alternative to a vending machine snack (if you're visiting or staying here at the hospital). Plus Jeff is super friendly and knowledgeable. I'm positive you won't be disappointed in your smoothie experience!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2014,11/17/2014,54,75,3,5,3>This place when I first went looked like a hole in the wall, but boy was I surprised.  Time after time I've gone and the food is freshly prepared, quick, and the service is so friendly!I usually order the noodle combo that comes with a drink, eggroll, and soup for $9.  The food comes with side condiments like limes, jalapeños, onions, chopped green onions, and cilantro to sprinkle on top with a variety of sauces.I asked the owner and he said they will be moving outside [where to idk] once the mall clears out the top side of the floor.  But I'll surely miss it, but also know you can order ramen too as well.  Definitely a repeat customer!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2014,11/16/2014,26,77,1,5,4>You just can't get any fresher than this in an east coast eatery unless you're nibbling straight from the garden. Fruitive in it's organic bliss, has the most knowledgeable veg lovers representing them who excel at their craft. To some fruits and veggies can be somewhat of a bland chore/necessity but fruitive makes them dance on your taste buds. You will not only leave this eclectic venue sated but feeling like your consumption was productive in such a healthy way! I love the protein power salad and the green acai bowl... The Pineapple Express juice is also delish. I'm a fan of the vibe inside their shop with handcrafted tables and recycled materials in their build from historic events. This isn't an experience, it's a lifestyle, add years to your life and come aboard :) I'm working on becoming a regular and when saving those dollars I appreciate fruitive giving me inspiration for healthy meals/juice in my kitchen
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/15/2014,13,40,2,7,5>Let me just start off by saying that I bookmarked this place here on yelp for a visit long before I ever walked through the doors. I wanted to go and try the local, organic Mexican food but I just didn't want to make the trek from VB.My husband and I were in Suffolk and a colleague of his mentioned it, so being the connoisseurs of Mexican food that we are (even our three year old orders her own food!) we decided to stop in on our way home. It was a little out of the way, but soooooo worth it! At home we eat everything freshly prepared: food made from whole ingredients, not packages. We have been eating out less and less because the food just doesn't taste as good as what we can make at home. This place might just change that! Everything looked and tasted like it was just prepared, and was indeed delicious. I was impressed by the reviews I read but didn't really know what to think by the location. This place is just proof that you can't judge a book by its cover. The walls have signage letting you know the origin of the food, and anything that isn't listed on the walls is on the paper menu. The service was stellar, the staff are friendly and happy. That alone make all the difference. The restaurant was very clean and had good ambiance. Anyone who has read my other reviews can likely attest that I tend to be harsh and critical... I take my food very seriously, because hey... It is what keeps us alive [or in many cases, kills us]! I feel completely okay with eating here regularly and feeding the food to my family as well. Being the food nazi that I am, I tend to get guilt over allowing my kid to eat junk. Here it is a win-win... Healthy AND delicious.Okay, okay... /end rant. ;)Post Scriptum edit: to the few people complaining about portion sizes for price: sometimes you have to pay a little extra for quality. Let's not forget that the food is freshly prepared, organic, and almost all local. Also, even the portions served are greater than "recommended" portion sizes. There is nothing to complain about but some people just choose to look for things wrong with everything. If you want free sides, go to a franchise and get canned food.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/14/2014,38,130,2,4,3>THIS PLACE AWESOME!  Fresh and hot cheese steaks with lots of meat! This place specialize in cheese steaks and they have all the sides! They made my sandwich to order, it was piping hot and the service was great! You must try this place. They have two locations in Newport News!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,11/13/2014,50,51,2,6,2>This is a great spot for locals and tourists alike.  It is a small little restaurant located right on Rudee Inlet, and is easily walkable from the end of the boardwalk.For an appetizer, we had a 1/2 lb of steamed strip (on happy hour for $9.99) and calamari.  The shrimp were surprisingly jumbo sized, which was great, and were perfectly steamed of course.  The serving of calamari was ample, the sauces that went with both were really good, and there was more than enough to go around (4 adults, 3 kids).My wife (and her aunt) had the crab cake sandwich, which she loved.  I had the California fish tacos, which I liked, but since I've been to San Diego a bunch, I'm a bit spoiled with fish tacos and have really high expectations for something labeled 'California Fish Tacos'.  They didn't quite meat those expectations, but they weren't a total letdown, either.The service here is great.  The waiting area can get a bit cramped, and the waits can be long at prime time because people love this place, so just grab a drink from the bar and hang out outside until your name is called. This is one of the better seafood joints in VA Beach, so be ready to wait or go earlier or later to get in and out easily.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/12/2014,63,152,2,5,4>Can I say WOOOOHOOOO??? I came here today because it was my big man's 12th bday. I had no idea what to do & his response when asked was "I dunno" (typical). A friend suggest that I bring him here and only described it as a bouncy house place but for older people. I checked their website and was a bit miffed when I saw that I would have to be on the trampoline with my little one because he was under 7. I had zero plans to do much this day other then be the kid taxi. As soon as I walked through the door, I changed my tune. The room is basically one H U G E trampoline. They had things hanging from the ceiling that you could touch if you were skilled enough to jump that high (I wasn't). They had an area where you could play dodge ball while you were bouncing and they had an area where you could jump off the ledge, do a flip, and then fall into the foam pit. This is the place people go to when they want to practice all those cool trick style flips and not get hurt. There was even talk of a future ninja course ala Ninja Warrior style. I will be back for that one. There is an area to electronically sign your safety waivers, a place to store your shoes and even a place to just watch and not bounce (thumbs up for not having to pay if you want to do this option). I got so into bouncing around during our 1 hour time limit, that I almost forgot I was supposed to be watching my youngest son. I will definitely be back as soon as possible to bounce around again. Next time I will be sure to wear comfortable clothes because jeans don't really let you move. Maybe boss man X will get an event at this place in the future?
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,11/11/2014,38,55,1,7,2>I came into this particular restaurant with no prior knowledge or recommendation what so ever. I was just going off of... "it's close by and it's still there, let's see what it's about."I've been to a Mongolian BBQ place before and enjoyed the stir fried goodness, so I figured it would be decent. The food here is really good and very cheap. I've only gone during dinner hours which averages about $10 a person and I've read from other Yelpers that lunch prices are even cheaper.For dinner you're given bread, rice, and a choice of egg drop or hot & sour soup. Then you can grab a bowl of noodles, add your choice of veggies, proteins, sauces, oils, and spices, then watch them stir it up to that goodness. I don't know the tradition for this style of food but really all you have are lo mein like meals but not much else. I'm not complaining though because it fills you up and tastes great. And you can go up for more. They also have desserts available if you have room for that.There's never a lot of visitors whenever I come so that could be a plus for you. Hopefully that doesn't mean they're struggling financially because the staff and owners are very kind. I plan to see how much different lunch hours are like here soon.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2014,11/10/2014,56,35,4,4,3>I absolutely love this place.  Everything on the menu is fantastic.  The ambiance is wonderful.  On Tuesday nights they have trivia, which is pretty fun.I would come in here dressed for McDonalds, though.  The attire seems a bit uppity.Another reason this place is so great is their vegetarian selection.  My wife had so many options to choose from.  On of my favorites is the beer battered asparagus.  And oh boy, if you get some bier cheese dip to go along with that, it will be a wrap for you my friend!Be prepared when you leave here for a food induced coma!  I can't get enough of this place.  The pricing isn't too terrible eitherThe beer selection and is phenomenal.  They have numerous IPAs (which I love), and a lot of them are from local breweries.I would definitely recommend this place for a weekday date or even a gathering of friends.  You can't go wrong with anything here!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,11/9/2014,51,77,5,3,3>TKO! I have a sensory overload from the barbecue in this joint! It's so much to take in that they should have a complimentary nap room hidden in the back. I feel like I need to attach a strap on the back of the chair across my forehead so my face doesn't fall into the plate from the overwhelming sweet aroma of perfection. Amazing.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,11/8/2014,29,248,1,3,5>I don't like fried chicken. But since this place was rolling in fabulous reviews , coupled with the fact that i'm leaving HR area in 2 weeks forever, I had to try it. It was a 45 min wait and it was definitely worth it. I got the soy garlic and im not going to lie, it did not look appetizing. It kinda looked DOA when i opened it up at home ( i got it to-go). But with my first bite, i realized why people like it so much.The pieces of chicken are really big . The fat on top is crispy an the entire chicken tastes like it was marinated in soy garlic. I don't like fried chicken usually ( and im going to live under the assumption that most fried chicken isn't this yummy) I was sad not to get the side of radish that i saw in the pictures ( maybe it doesnt come with a to-go order?). My only regret is not eating it there. The condensation from the styrofoam box definitely got to my chicken and crinkle fries.. but no worries. theres always a next time!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,11/7/2014,39,76,3,7,5>Walk in the park....I believe Red Wing Park is another one of VB's hidden gems. There is a lot to do  here and will not disappoint. Pack the car and the dogs and head out!I love that they have a dog park here that is close enough to my house. Cali my Bassett hound loves the interaction from both people and dogs alike. She's kinda a big deal here. JK. There are "poop" bags and water provided for the dogs. Covered benches for those sunny/hot days. Rabies shots and a city license is a must to enter but that is for everyone's safety. And for heavens sake if your dog is an asshole don't bring them here! We don't want no drama.There are a ton of walking trails lined with beautiful flowers and shrubbery. This is a second option if you can't get into dog park. There are two children's playgrounds, a tennis court, restrooms and covered picnic areas with grills. Okay it's story time: one day I was walking the pup on one of the back trials and let him off the leash. He was ended up rolling in human feces ( I am assuming  it was one of the homeless people that frequent the park) This was completely my fault but none the less disgusting. LESSON LEARNED.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2014,11/6/2014,298,491,7,10,10>Virginia Beach Parks strikes again! If anyone ever ask why I like to reside at the beach I will say schools first, recreation including parks, beach and pools second.The city of Virginia Beach does a wonderful job of investment in their natural resources and many places in the country cannot say the same. Take Lake Smith/Lake Lawson Natural area as an example. Nothing had to be done here, but the city decided to invest major moola to make meaningful improvements and expand. Lake Smith/Lake Lawson Natural Area has been closed for almost a year so they could unveil this masterpiece today. So what can you do? Fish, boat, canoe, kayak, picnic trail walk, bike ride and take in some incredible views... oh that's all!For most of those reading this that have no idea, or may have driven past this area a million times and not paid attention let me help you with location. The public access is off of North Hampton not far from the Norfolk/Virginia Beach line. The water way is owned by Norfolk, so their was cross over involvement in the project I assume. Lake Smith is the water way that you see off the road. Lake Lawson is farther back and access is on trail,  tiny cut thru for small boats, or the new steel bridge.Let's walk through the improvements and additions to this beautiful area. First improved parking, it's bigger and it's now paved. Plenty of room for trailer parking. The two lane boat ramp now has a concrete pad. The old dirt launch is closed off. A larger shelter with more picnic tables. A fishing deck with plenty of bench seating. This is visible from the road. Also visible from the road is the new canoe/kayak launch on a floating barge. There are other fishing decks located around the grounds. New is a playground that required a lot of major clearing of timber to install several hundred feet from the entrance on Shell Rd. Restrooms are still to come, but not installed to date.What makes me giddy are the improvement and extension of trails. Case in point the main trail that now crosses between Lake Smith and Lake Lawson. This use to be a pretty narrow path and now is a major walk way. A steel cross walk on both sides of the lake with small barge platforms was installed to pull a canoe, or kayak over. But I am saving the best for last. The huge improvement is the wood bridge installation that crosses the 5 foot wide, 4 foot deep span that separates the two lakes. Prior to this there was no access across unless you waded in the water. Small boats could get through and still can to this day underneath the structure. At one time this was not the case when a large circular tile was in this divide. I walked the entire trail network this morning and estimate it to be at least four, possibly five miles. Impressive were the amount of trash cans along the paths... Hint, hint...pick up your trash! I was stunned at what I could now see on the Lake Lawson side. A green of Cypress Point Country Club can be easily be viewed too. I was also amazed how close you get on foot to Diamond Springs Rd. The new Sajoy Farms development is visible on the path at the boundary of the park. If I can get on my soap box for a second. This new development is sad and I feel unneeded. Simon Houses Co. mowed down hundreds of acres of old growth trees to build Sajoy Farms Community.  It is difficult to view, but you can also see the very old brick mansion, one of the largest homes in the area. I could not find out any more about this home today, but want to.It is well worth checking out Lake Smith/Lake Lawson Natural Area. When the leaves change soon it will be spectacular.  Our Virginia Beach tax dollars paid for it and I think you will agree it's a special place to enjoy some clean fresh air and let your troubles be gone.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2014,11/5/2014,27,66,3,3,3>I've been here several times and each time it was amazing! Everything I've had has been perfectly seasoned and tasty. They've expanded the size of the dining area which allows larger parties to dine in. Their drink menu includes the best Mojitos in town! The employees are very friendly and helpful when I bring new people. My recommendation would have to be their fried pork with yellow rice and their chicken mofongo. Do you like bachata and salsa? Every Friday night they have a DJ for Latin night. If you haven't given this place a shot I promise you won't be disappointed.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,11/4/2014,19,16,6,15,5>Keep with my lengthy review- I have a point. I promise. I have had such a hard time in Hampton Roads trying to find a good salon after my awesome sauce hairstylist decided to take her craft elsewhere. Alas, I am super happy for her. I don't know if this is the drill for everyone, but whenever I go to a new salon I am placed with their new girl- which I get- because I'm the new client and they need to build up their clientele; however I always leave less than satisfied. I rather just bite the bullet with an ok cut and color, than revisit the same inexperienced chick 3 more times to have it corrected. I know stylists have a very difficult job, and with 15 salons in each shopping center, it's hard to compete, but if you can't do something, say so and give me to someone in the salon who can. The last salon I went to (I will not name drop because I believe it was a rookie mistake and I'm sure someone has had to have called her out by now) burned me by charging me $290 to retouch my partial highlights. And it wasn't the price of the highlights that jacked my total up- it was all the treatments she voluntarily put in my hair without my understanding that I was being charged for each one. I know with blonde comes toner, which is typically included in the price for highlights, but this was like every treatment and conditioner on their menu. I couldn't curl my hair for like a month. annoying. Annnnd now I review: So I scheduled my appt over the phone. Very nice receptionist who patiently worked with my extremely tight schedule. She told me the name of my stylist (whom I immediately stalked online to see if she ruled) and confirmed my date and time. When I got there, I was kindly greeted by the above referenced receptionist and introduced to my stylist, who was not who I was told on the phone- I'm thinking: oh noooo the rookie!! I wasn't prepared! but, as I was seated, I saw my original stylist. since I'm creepy and already knew what she looked like, I asked her why she wasn't doing my hair today. she said (sit down for this) SHE WAS UNFAMILIAR WITH THE STYLE AND WAS GOING TO WATCH AND LEARN HOW TO DO IT. oh my goodness... I think I heard angels singing, the choir, beyonce.... A miracle. A stylist who handed me off to someone with more experience. Glory. and props to her!! (side note: I saw her work with another client and she did a great job on their cut and color) I had Krystal. She was very nice and attentive to my requests. I showed her pictures and she totally knew what I wanted. and get this... you may want to sit back down... she told me the price for the color and cut upfront. tears of joy. And it was what I paid at the end! no funny business, sneak attack bank account sweep. Wow. I was already floored with my experience and she hadn't even touched my hair yet. Style, cut, color, everything came out perfectly. I also love their line of organic and anti-cruelty products. I will be back to purchase some once I'm out of my current supply. I was so happy with the turn out, I couldn't have booked my next appt any faster. I am practically counting down the days. bonus features! you can book online, their products smell so so so so so good, and the salon itself is absolutely gorgeous. also- unlimited sweet tea refills! I do love the south. They should definitely start serving wine though. that is a sure fire way to have everyone come back for their trim within 4-6 weeks.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2014,11/3/2014,95,125,2,5,6>This tiny gem of Town Center is probably one of the finest Gelato in Virginia Beach. Every time I come here, it's always take me back to my recent travel in Florence, Italy. Sensational taste in terms of flavor and texture. It's creamy,  soft and delectable.  My favourite flavor are pistachio and amaretto biscotto. Seasonal flavor is also available. Currently, its Mexican  Hot Chocolate, Gingerbread and Pumpkin Spice.Would love to come back here to try their crepes.Overall,  thought the staff are knowledgeable and polite. Awesome customer service.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,11/2/2014,221,97,1,4,3>I enjoyed the food.  I like the concept of a local farm to table Asian American fusion with a rice bowl meets chipotle, Moe's, subway pile on your fav toppings component.  Their sauces seem amazing with choices of different curries and others.  I chose the sampler plate which offered chicken, pork, and beef and the coconut ginger sauce on the side. My fav topping was the onion marmalade.  Holy cow I could bath in that it was so delicious I also enjoyed a juicer smoothie.  They offer two juice selections ea day. These are preselected for you so you like the concoction or not. They only had one choice left as the other was sold out.  It was fresh and tasty. Too much ginger for my liking.  But I d get the next selection. For 3.50 and nothing added I'm a fan.  Try this gem.  It's worth it. And low cost. My bowel was filling and 6.99.  :)
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,11/1/2014,56,193,4,4,5>Loved it!! The decor is awesome and the restaurant is super clean, the selection of Craft Beers Local and from afar on tap and canned/bottled is great!! A must try is the Pretzel with cheese dip with one of those lovely craft beers helping the cheese dip flavor. Our server Haley was very nice and did a great job with special requests which has been an issue of late at other places. My burger was amazing tasty bacon  and a large pile of onion straws and the wifes chicken salad wrap was just what she wanted. The owner was present in the dining room a super plus and she was very engaging, we can see this becoming a regular spot for us on the way to pungo for fruits and veggies. Another plus is they do use Local produce when possible and I love it when Local restaurants keep it Local!!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,10/31/2014,66,117,1,6,2>I started this review 5 months ago, so this info might be a little old...Friday night special: all you can eat trout. Fried, with fries, slaw and hush puppies. Sounded like a good idea for $10. And it was. It sounded like a challenge to me. All you can eat trout? How hard could that be? It's a trout. Fish.  Fish can't fill you up too much...It does.  At least from here, it does.I gave it my all; my aim was to get down at least three fillets.  I didn't realize that the fish that they cut these fillets from were monstrously huge.  It was like eating the side of a small shark.  A perfectly fried and seasoned side of a small shark.  The fries that accompanied it were also perfectly cooked and the slaw gave a good cool bite to round out the plate.  I managed to clear one and a half fillets before I gave up.  Full and happy.I liked this place a lot.  Decent beer prices to boot.  Check it out on the way to the beach.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,10/30/2014,21,240,1,5,4>I found a great local pizza place!  The pizza is really good, a nice light, thin crust with just the right amount of chew.  The pizza sauce is mild (not over seasoned with garlic and oregano) with the sweetness of the tomatoes coming through and really yummy cheeses.  We got a half Hawaiian and half deluxe, it was very good, great flavors and no grease and the mozzarella sticks were also very good, light crispy breading and again no grease.   The staff was very friendly and provided wonderful service.  This is mostly a take out place with a full menu with pasta, sandwiches and salads, they also deliver.  They also sell by the slice.  The Pizzeria is well worth giving it a try
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,10/29/2014,62,168,3,6,5>I've eaten me a lot of hush puppies and onion rings in my time, but I tell you Wicker's has got them figured out.  Arguably some of the best I've ever had.  We actually went because a friend said it was the best She Crab Soup, but of course, it failed to live up to *that* claim.  That's not to say it wasn't good, just I've had some that has been more to my taste.  It's worth a cup though.  What I love about Wicker's is when you arrive you see all the crab cages in the back and people out there diligently cleaning them from the days catch.  Ambiance inside was, well, homey, since, it was a home.  But seriously, they had on Nick Toons on the TV which was seriously a little strange!  That being said, I did chuckle a few times at the gigantic purple creature thing that was on the TV.  For my meal I went with the boat, hush puppies, onion rings and scallops.  To be 100% honest, I was a little disapointed by the scallops, hence the 4 stars, but the other items lived up to and exceeded my expectations.  Staff was perky, attentive and bright, always a plus on a lunch break from work.  Overall, Wicker's is good, I'm certainly a fan and would go back.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,10/28/2014,84,121,5,6,3>This place is quite a bit more than just a sauce shop, though they do have way more sauces than I have time to look at.Great selection of local stuff, sauces, rubs and other condiments with few ingredients (gotta love the all-natural stuff!), plenty of spices and international ingredients. It was a bit overwhelming, but fun experience.Proved to be the perfect spot to make a gift basket for a bbq-ing friend and I will definitely return to shop for myself.  The only downside, and I hate to say it, was the saleswoman. I am not a fan of going into a retail location and feeling hounded. I appreciate the love of what you sell, but my gosh.. leave me alone!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,10/27/2014,28,76,3,5,3>very unassuming little place and like others have noted, you might miss it if you're not really super focused on finding it. It is in a food co-op. The macarons are displayed in a large case with several small little serving dishes containing different varieties. When I went, the available flavors were cookies and cream, Nutella, jasmine tea, key lime, vanilla birthday cake, salted caramel, chocolate birthday cake, banana pudding, and a pumpkin spiced one. I ordered a dozen choosing Nutella, salted caramel, vanilla birthday cake, cookies and cream, and a single jasmine tea. The macarons were exceptional, texturally moist but with a crunch crispness like a macaron should be. The jasmine tea one did not give off the flavors of tea that I wanted so badly to discover...I adore jasmine. the cookie itself was still great, just void of real flavor for me. the rest of the macarons were extremely successful though. The shop lady was amazing. such a doll. will definitely be back, but not too often for fear of massive weight gain ;)
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/26/2014,25,114,3,8,4>This is one of our regulars.  Anyone that says the staff is cold should relax and understand the cultural norms are different....  Lunch menu is abbreviated from the Dinner menu of 21.95.  All the sushi, sashimi, and assorted entree dishes you care to eat.  On the dinner menu there are at least twenty different specialty rolls.  The rice, and we know rice is important to good sushi, is freshly prepared and of higher quality than many competitors.  It is by far the best value, particularly if you are hungry for a lot of great sushi.  They'll keep bringing it to you without complaint so long as you don't waste the foot.  Highlights are the BBQ squid, fried spider, white tuna cocktail, and of course many of the rolls.Recommendation:  just because it is all you can eat, don't be a cheapskate on the tips...  remember there is a crew working to bring you probably at least $50 worth of food in any other restaurant... so tip accordingly and be gracious.This is one of our favorite date night places.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2014,10/25/2014,83,478,2,3,4>Show up about half hour early for food.The aisles are large and spacious and some of the tables can be moved if you need your own. I came to see Captain America: The Winter Soldier on opening weekend and it wasn't completely sold out - there was no one sitting in the two seats beside me... so that was nice.  I ordered the BBQ nachos - they were something like $18 or something... they tasted good but were nearly impossible to eat because they were heaped onto a rectangular plate and the chips had fused together with like 5 pounds of toppings and cheese.  So basically - while sitting at a small table far removed from me I was trying to chip away at enough of these chips so I could take bites without spilling it all over the tables and myself.  I ended up eating about 15% of them probably... big waste. I ordered the BBQ chicken salad and it was pretty good.They had sweet tea too so I'm pretty happy about that. The folks sitting behind us were a large party of around 5 people who ordered a ton of beer.  I was concerned they were going to be loud and rude and obnoxious but they weren't at all and hardly talked during the entire movie.  In fact, most people were very polite and respectful which was a nice change. I typically get really irritated at movies and almost never go anymore because people are so inconsiderate and rude with their children, loud noises, talking, cell phones, drinks and candy wrappers and kicking my seat.  I just get really pissed and end up usually cussing someone out so I prefer to avoid it.  Perhaps because there were other sounds in general due to the nature of this show - it wasn't as irritating.  It's also very expensive - the whole meal and movie tickets for two cost around $80 total so I figure most trashy people with kids they don't parent during movies probably didn't want to spend that.  Fine with me.  It was the most pleasant movie experience I've had since someone with a baby ruined the final Harry Potter on opening weekend.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,10/24/2014,280,260,1,5,5>This is officially my new favorite place to go out for a special occasion in Norfolk, maybe even all of Hampton Roads!! I organized a birthday party for a friend of mine and I had no trouble making a reservation for the large party. They were very accommodating, even when two different times I called to ask if we could add one more. No problem! :) Parking was no problem when we arrived. As I walked in I was greeted by a few very friendly hosts, and I got to meet, John, the person I spoke to when I made the reservation and he wanted to greet me personally :) As we went in we noticed that the downstairs with it's own bar and tables was very trendy and cool. Our reservation was on the rooftop so we made our way upstairs. They had another bar upstairs on the roof. The ambiance up there was absolutely awesome! You don't even feel like you're in Norfolk anymore... for all you know it could be Paris! The string of lights and trendy but laid back atmosphere is uber-cool! As the rest of my party arrived we took our seats at a long table for 17! For an appetizer I ordered handmade pork rinds with black bean dip and special deviled eggs. Both were very good. I kept waiting for the shoe to drop when I ordered my entree, a Southern fried half chicken and mac and cheese. Everything was delicious!!! Everyone around me raved about their food and what a cool place it was. I will be coming back very soon with lots more friends!! This place is very ideal for a romantic date. Just ask for the rooftop!!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,10/23/2014,129,351,3,8,5>Great place to visit for run, walk, bike or spending time on the beach. If you're a mountain biker then there's not much here for you as it's all flat easy (50/50 dirt to paved) trails but still a great place to ride and enjoy nature. If you're a walker it's fantastic and for those beach lovers there are a few access points.One is  across the street from the main entrance on Shore Dr. that's used for the camping entrance. However, the best place is the dog friendly beach area southeast of there at Cape Henry Trail. The access to it might be a little hard to find if you're not familiar with it but just continue on Shore Dr. then head West on 64th St (i.e. turn toward the land) and follow 64th St to Cape Henry Trail. "Head's Up" ...You'll need a parking pass not to get a ticket so if there's no ranger in the booth you'll have to pay by the honor system. Just pick up a yellow envelope at the Ranger Station Booth. The one you drive by entering the park. Outside and in front of the station is a red pole. Put your money in one of yellow envelopes and place the pass inside your window and you'll be good to go. It's always easier to pay the $4.00 for a parking pass than the cost if a ticket. I got lucky someone told me while I was driving in and saw the Ranger writing tickets when I parked.Now go and enjoy.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/22/2014,263,519,6,10,9>Some people may say "They're just wings" but au contraire mon frere these are the best darn wings in the Hampton Roads area. Hands down. No Question... Our group stopped in this evening and we had 3 types of wings. Hot, Sriracha & Garlic Parmesan. Along with that there was a Dirty Chick plate and a Philly Cheesesteak. The food was excellent all around. The wings here are the biggest you'll find in the area and the home made sauces are the best. Kudo's to Russ and the team!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/21/2014,155,241,3,8,4>Best cake donut. Hands down.I ordered the 2 donut 1 coffee special and opted for a maple bacon and lemon icing. They have a really impressive maple icing and the bacon was nice and salty and sprinkled liberally over the whole donut.I haven't tried the lemon icing and may give it to my husband to try. We'll see.I am not the biggest supporter of the cake variety of donut but Duck Donuts had changed my mind. The dough is light and fluffy and it took 6 bites to finish the donut! That's how big they are.If I ever feel like I need a cake donut this will definitely be my go-to joint.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,10/20/2014,69,206,1,5,4>A total gem. Aside from being on the corner of a very weird intersection and only having like 4 parking spots of its own, this place is awesome! JoJack's was packed at lunchtime, so apparently it's no secret. There was still a table or two available, though and a few stools at the bar facing the parking lot. I was there with a coworker and was only going to get a coffee until I smelled whatever was cooking in the back. I opted for the mocha frappe and havarti panini. They were both great! What I loved most is the super high quality ingredients they use in everything. Really good bread, cheese and most importantly, salty delicious prosciutto. Together it was $11, $13 with tip. Totally worth it for the quality of food.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,10/19/2014,79,115,,5,5>This is one of my new favorite dessert places in Ghent! I have driven by it many times before but finally had the opportunity to try their gelato. When we walked in, the owner was actually in the process of making a batch of gelato. It took a while for the girls and I to decide what we wanted, but we all ended up getting different ones. We were also able to sample different types. I opted for the fruity pebbles one, which had actualFruity pebbles and tasted exactly like the cereal. I loved how creamy and fresh the gelato tasted. Although I only ordered a small, I was satisfied with the size because it was pretty rich. The owner said his flavors usual change every day, except for when he makes a huge batch which can last 2-3 days. The establishment itself is relatively small. There's a bench to sit inside, but it was too cold to sit there. There was one table outside in front of the restaurant. Luckily, the girls and I were able to eat quickly so the whole thing wouldn't melt on us! I definitely would like to try more flavors in the future.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2014,10/18/2014,51,266,1,5,4>So I went here before when it was another restaurant...I think Home Kitchen or something like that...Anyway, this place is definitely a lot better! Total 360 from the previous breakfast joint.Firstly, the interior is snazzy, modern and clean. Tables are a tight squeeze but somehow manageable to pass through.Service is what I was most happy about. The waitress was this funky cool chick that just made me happy. She was great on reciting the specials and making the recommendations. We got asked for refills from multiple people and such. I think, but not certain one of the owners, a middle aged Asian lady was the front of the house...she was not too friendly despite the rest of her staff.Now for breakfast we had mimosa, which were nice and tart with a hint of sweetness. I ordered the usual sunny side up eggs, grits and home fries. Eggs were cooked on point,  no complaints here. The grits were very chunky and lump-close to sandpaper. The home fries were seasoned great but they were cold and I found a few raw ones in the bunch. My sister ordered the veggie omelette which came with home fries and toast. The omelette was good judging from the few bites I had. The toast was soft, not toasted...not butter or anything. She did however bring jam and butter.Overall, I think this place has great potential. When I go again I will definitely try something else like fried green tomatoes but I won't go on the weekends as I've seen it quite full.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,10/17/2014,533,177,22,35,32>I had the great pleasure of dining for the first time at Rajput Indian Cuisine this evening. (Recently opened here)  I am blown away by the nice place, food that is out of this world great and great service.Upon aproaching Rajput I noticed cool art work and a nice looking place.  Upon entering we were greeted by friendly staff.  The decor is bright and colorful and has great Indian art.  Drinks were served and the waiter helped us with choosing dishes.  Indian food is new to me and I can use the help.  Each dish was presented beautiful and delicious.  The Garlic Naan is amazing, the spicy pickle dish is very spicy and very delicious!  The Vegetable Samosa was so delicious - it will make you make funny sounds.  I had the Tandoori Mixed Grill and it was so amazing - one of the best dishes I've ever had.  The Channa Palak was amazing too.  The Tikka Masala sauce was great on the rice and tandoori.   The flavors all came together to be a slice of heaven!!  As we were finishing our food the owner, Paul, came by and asked how the food and service was and we told him amazing and wonderful and asked a few questions about the dishes and he took the time to give great and fun and interesting answers.  He and his food and staff are going to be a great success here.I think our waiter was also named Paul and he was great.I learned they have buffet at lunch but not at dinner time.I am going to return soon!  I want to return every few hours!!  This place is amazing!I've posted photos and will have more soon.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/16/2014,64,199,2,4,5>I've lived in Virginia Beach for most the last 23 years and I've never been here before. I wish I had lived next to this place. It's the best seafood I've had in the area. I had the fresh flounder. It has been alive only a short time before it hit the plate. I enjoyed the Chesapeake style they offered with Hollandaise sauce and lump crab meat. The she-crab soup was almost like lobster bisque. It had spice and was creamy. The deck is the place to sit. It looks over Rudee Inlet and all the fishing boats.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2014,10/15/2014,8,39,2,9,4>After eating here three times during the past two weeks, I would like to offer my first impressions. Let me begin by saying that the service I have received here so far has been very friendly, accommodating, and even jovial.  When I walked through the door for my second visit, several of their staff members greeted me in unison with a loud "What The Pho!"  I loved that.  The very name of this place alone makes me want it to succeed.  However, I think they still have a little more work to do if they are actually going to succeed.  In the spirit of my desire to see them do so, a description and review of each of the items I have sampled so far, along with my addiional comments, appear below:GIO CUON (Menu Item #1) - These are the fresh spring rolls that are served at practically all Vietnamese restaurants.  Overall, their spring rolls were very good.  I enjoyed the dense concentration of mint and basil in their filling.  As one other reviewer noted, however, they were not wrapped as tightly as they could have been. As mentioned in one of my other reviews, I loved the crunch that was made possible by the tightly wrapped fillings of the spring rolls served at another Vietnamese resaurant, namely Vietnam Garden. Another minor concern is that I like my spring rolls to be served with a little more chill. The ones I have sampled here were served a tad too much at room temperature for my tastes.PHO TAI NAM BO (Menu Item #14) - This Pho soup contained various and assorted cuts of beef.  The broth was very flavorful, and I have no complaints about the quality of the beef cuts or any of the other ingredients.PHO GA (Menu Item #15) - This is their Chicken Pho. Once again, the broth was very flavorful. The chicken pieces were succulent and tender.  Overall, it was delicious, and I hated to see it come to an end. This one is my favorite so far.BUN BO HUE (Menu Item #26) - This is a spicy beef soup which is served with a thicker noodle than the usual rice noodles in Pho soup. This is what I ordered today. I have sampled Bun Bo Hue at three other restaurants in the area, including Miss Saigon Sandwiches and Noodles (which is located right across the street), Pho Dalat in Chesapeake, and Pho 79 in Ghent.  Unfortunately, the Bun Bo Hue served here today was the weakest of the lot. The noodles were undercooked, the beef slices were sparse, and the broth was not very spicy. I actually had a 4-star rating in mind going in today, until I sampled their Bun Bo Hue. In contrast, the Bun Bo Hue served at Pho 79 in Ghent, which includes a nice meat bone for extra flavor and depth, has been the best I have tried in the area so far.Another concern is their portion sizes. During each of my three visits, I ordered the "Small" size servings of each of their soups. However, these servings appeared to be smaller than the "Small" sized servings I have sampled in other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.. The size of their bowls seems to be a tad smaller. In addition, I found my servings to be filled a little too far below the rim of the bowls. There was simply too much empty space between the top surface of the soups and the rim of the bowls when they were brought to my table.Personally, I don't think this is necessarily a bad thing. As one who is trying to cut back on calories, I don't mind getting "a little less."  But not to the extent of walking out still feeling hungry, like I did today after finishing my Bun Bo Hue. This is a soup that is supposed to stick to your ribs.The bottom line is that the "Small" serving sizes of their soups don't seem to be competitive with the others of the "Small" sizes in this area. The "Small" serving sizes at Pho 79, for example, provide a significantly larger portion of soup than those which are served here.  If they can't switch to a larger "Small" size bowl, then I think they should at least fill them a little closer to the rim.Another thing that worries me is that they are competing with another Vietnamese restaurant located right across the street, namely Miss Saigon Sandwiches and Noodles, which is more established.  I don't think this will be an easy task.  I am rooting for this restaurant to succeed.  Accordingly, I hope this review is taken in the spirit of the constructive criticism with which it is intended.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,10/14/2014,76,81,3,5,4>What's to say that has not been said about this place! Route 58 is definitely a restaurant that is unlike any in this area. Every time I come eat here, I leave with a food coma, due to the portion size they offer at this place. I've eaten here quite a few times, and everything that I have ordered was delicious. As far as food goes, what really stands out what was my boyfriend and I ordered the last time we came here. He ordered the philly style open faced, which is layers of corned beef, pastrami, and turkey covered with cole slaw and their special dressing. I ordered the oscars garbage bowl, which I got beef brisket with grilled onions on top of crinkled fries, smothered with gravy! Safe to say that I almost had to be carried out, with how full I was, and I did not even eat half! My advice: share! Don't order your own meal, unless you plan to have dinner/lunch for the next few days :)
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,10/13/2014,121,78,2,3,4>A great, elegant dining experience, Salt has excellent "Libations" (I had a tasty Sidecar) and some really good appetizers. The cheese board was a delicate mix of flavors. The bulgogi wraps were sweet and savory. For the main course, I had the Sweet and Spicy Shrimp with coconut rice and edamame. My fiancée had a delectable Pad Thai. For dessert, I had an amazing goat cheese and chocolate cheesecake that was complex and satisfying.Our waiter was attentive, but unobtrusive. The atmosphere was romantic and vibrant.My only complaint was I was expecting to try the Pork Belly when I saw it was on the online menu, but disappointed when it wasn't on the menu.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,10/12/2014,22,104,1,3,2>I have been a fan for years, since they opened in their original location.  The new locations is beautiful, bigger, and a lot more comfy than the old one was.   Booths and tables are all spaced so you don't feel cramped, or like your intruding on someone else's space.   I would invariably get a smoked item.  I mean, why wouldn't you right?  You walk up, and his outdoor smoking trailer is running all the time, creating a zone of awesome scents for miles.  Pork, Brisket, Chicken, it doesn't matter. Just follow your nose to find some of the best offerings out there...but I digress.   I stopped in here and deviated from my norm and it's been my best choice in weeks!!  I saw the owner Sean prepare the Curry Shrimp over rice on the Fox Morning show and it looked good.  Boy was I wrong!!  It seriously was an awesomely flavorful dish.  I am telling you, it immediately rose to "craving the next time I have it" level on my list of yummies!!  Shrimp were big and cooked perfectly.  The veggies were still crisp and colorful so they maintained potent flavor in the profile.  I ordered mine spicy, so I got that delicious sweet-hot taste of the habanero, and the sauce... oh, the sauce.  I could eat a flip flop if it had that sauce on it.  All of it. over light, fluffy rice.  The serving size was no joke either.  It was plenty filling.  That is saying something, because I think I would've kept eating until I simply burst if I had the opportunity.  I can not recommend highly enough for you to visit Cutlass Grille.  If Curry isn't your thing, they have Jamaican beef patties, and a menu that is just chock full of delicious food.  I have to point this out.  This is a family run business, and from the owner to his children that work there, they really do add that special element because they visit your table, make sure you are alright and converse with you.  I admit it, for me, that earns points because it goes from being a seat, to a dinner table.  Get in there, go see what I mean and I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/11/2014,13,167,6,6,3>You can't ask for better customer service.  John is a super friendly guy that will be patient with you and has great suggestions for cooking methods, accompaniments, and now wine/beer pairings.  You'll be impressed as he wields that fish fillet knife like a pro to remove any unsightly bits from your selection.  After coming here, you'll be hard pressed to go to any of the nearby grocery stores for seafood.  When coming here, think quality over quantity.  He's not packed to the gills with seafood; however, it's going to be as fresh and sourced as local as possible.Keep in mind that he closes at 6PM and is quite the local favorite.  So if you're planning a special dinner, don't be last minute as the good stuff may have already swum out the door.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,10/10/2014,10,13,3,7,5>If you're a vegetarian/vegan I guarantee you will revert if you have their wings! Went here for the second time and had their sweet willy mays glaze and smokey mesquite wings. They were both great! I usually can't really tolerate spicy foods but these sauces were the perfect amount of spice. The bartender was friendly and constantly checked up on us, but she didn't seem to know to much about the menu when we asked her what her preferences were. Other than that though she was great. Loved the decor and set up they have here. They had a bunch of recliners and TVs which would make it a great place for big game days. They also had a bloody marry bar that I would definitely like to try out on my next visit.To sum it up.. Sidelines is a great local sports bar with a chill atmosphere and delicious food :)
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/9/2014,171,233,3,5,7>Came here with some friends to enjoy Downtown Norfolk Restaurant Week. I had made reservations just in case there was a frenzy in getting seats. Surprisingly it wasn't busy at all. The place itself has tons of history and charm being exactly as it says... a carriage house. What I ordered for the night was the escargot, crab cakes, and lemon soufflé. We also split a bottle of wine with table and got some freshly baked bread while we waited. The table had some paper as a cover and crayons were available thus turning all of us adults into kids. The appetizer comes in and I enjoyed my escargot. Not as good as when I went to France, but that's a pretty high standard. The escargot wasn't served in the shells, but still tasty in the sauce that included being served with tomatoes and bread.The entree was an addition to the original restaurant week menu and I loved the crab cake. It was a big portion and the cake itself had a potato crust that was nice and crispy. It was served with a pretty well seasoned pasta salad.Finally, dessert! Lemon soufflé was great. I was expecting something baked, but it looked more like gelato served in a cup as pictured. Still good and not to overwhelming in lemon for me.Overall, love the history and love the food. I'll be back to try it again!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/8/2014,70,154,4,6,6>One of the best pizzas I've had in this area. After the reviews on yelp I had to try it out on this stormy night.Restaurant was Still packed! People was waiting for their pick up and/or waiting to be seated. The inside is just a regular plain pizza parlor, nothing fancy but has TV's and a pool tableWe Ordered the garlic knots and that was so buttery and goood! Marinara sauce that accompanied the knots was equally delicious. It wasn't tarty or tangy like  some can be. We also ordered a pepperoni cheese pizza with green peppers. The crust/dough on this pizza is AWSOME, a very balance sauce. The sauces to me is what can make or break the pizza. And the sauce between the knots and this pizza was just perfection. Can't wait to return to try their pasta dishes. Seems their Stromboli was a popular item as I saw a lot of people order that. And kudos for having friendly staffs.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/7/2014,80,30,6,6,7>I'll be the first to admit, I am a freak of nature when it comes to my hair.  Prior to going to this salon, I had never been back to see a stylist more than once (never double dipping).  I usually perform a sort of "hit and run" with beauty salons --going in for a single visit where I let the person have their way with me and then write them off due to their mediocrity in creativity.  That was until Christiano Cole started doing my hair.Pause momentarily while I show my work.When I went in for my first visit, I had no idea what I wanted.  I honestly told him, "Do whatever you want, so long that it is not the current 'dirty dishwater brown' that it is".  It was icky and I knew it.  His face lit up like Christmas morning and it was evident that it had been a bit since someone had given him total creative freedom on their locks.I told him to surprise me and that I did not want to know what he was going to do until he did the "post-blow dry turn around" --the big reveal.  He graciously obliged and offered me some coffee (a nice touch).  The salon was okay.  It had just been remodeled and while it seemed to lack any central theme, I didn't really care too much.  I'm the type of lady that would rather have Gisele Bundchen hair done in a dirty closet, than go to a salon that resembles the Taj Mahal walking out looking like a broke down version of Coolio.  Sue me.Christiano began applying the color:  briskly, thoroughly, and the entire time keeping me entertained with conversation.  When he was done, he washed me out in the shampoo bowl.  It felt INCREDIBLE, he was firm but not too firm.  Then, he gave me the most beauteous blow dry I have ever had.  I felt like a Victoria's Secret model with all of the attention.  He flipped me around aaaaand ......BAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMM!Amazeballs.  My hair looked and felt so silky, so bold, so red, so sexy.  And the best part of all was that it looked perfect for me.  It looked personalized and had a distinct style.  It screamed, "I am a sexy power banker, give me your money and watch me take over the world".  A perfect personification of the band Cake's "Short Skirt, Long Jacket".  Exactly what I was going for.  Bravo, Christiano.  You have a customer for life in me.  Now stop reading this and make an appointment with Mr. Magic Hands.  Right now.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,10/6/2014,166,132,5,5,5>Every Saturday after 3 p.m. everything in the cases is 50 % off! I am here today enjoying creamy cupcakes and delicious coffee.I am listening in on a bride purchasing her wedding cakes. Clair has a great idea about presenting grooms cake right beside the 5 tier wedding cake. Why not, it is 2014 and he should be able to order a cake in his favorite flavor with a decorative Harley Davidson on top of it!The owner is so knowledgable about all things wedding. It sounds like she is giving them great advice for cost cutting with decorations. I come for the treats and cakes. Today it is packed with people looking for a sugary high.  Smiles everywhere.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,10/5/2014,121,268,4,6,7>Finally got the chance to try this place out. I was pleasantly surprised by the whole experience! The decor is nice and it smelled like freshly baked bread! As a matter of fact, I got a hot loaf right out of the oven. Yummy!!!!! I chose a few different things to sample. My favorite was the blueberry scone and croissants. My kids loved their chocolate croissant. My husband enjoyed an apricot bear claw. We will be back to try more goodies! The apple strudel looks incredible! There is an upstairs...but I did not get the chance to check it out. Looks like a nice sitting area.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,10/4/2014,196,641,3,3,5>I am reviewing their dinner service, not their buffet. It seems their buffet is consistently a 4 star rating, which I find good for buffet style....so believe me, their dinner is really pretty impressive! My husband and I try to avoid restaurants on the weekend because of crowds, and finding that we had the restaurant almost all to ourselves one Thursday night was great! I'm an Indian food freak, so I rarely have found any menu item displeasing, but of course, some are better than others. Their pakora and samosa apps are pretty standard. Flavorful but not particularly notable. I would order them again. Their curries are where the magic happens. Aside from the usual suspects, ie: vindaloo, tikka masala, korma, etc., they offer some unique, harder to find specialties. Their Pasanda is....how do I describe it without being vulgar?.......well, its $%^&*@$ amazing! Their balance of creamy soothing coconut and heat from spices is perfection. The curry is similar to a korma in that it has a nutty base but I personally think it holds way more flavor punch and dimension. Their Saffron curry is similar but that mild aromatic saffron flavor always makes me sit back and close my eyes in a curry heaven dream. I know Saag is more common but when we order the aforementioned curries, we love having saag to add some tart, earthy green to balance it all. I know I am know telling you just how piggish we are when it comes to food consumption here but....se la vie; we always order extra naan, roti and rice. I love LOVE LOVE having some mint and tamarind chutneys on the side as well. Don't forget to wash it all down with a mango lassi or a chai. Their chai is fantastic! The best part? They made me a rose lassi upon request......and were so kind and happy to do it for me! If you love floral notes- ask for it. I hope for your sake they still have their rose water syrup- it's killer!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2014,10/3/2014,121,170,4,9,4>I had a rather interesting visit to Miss Saigon last week.  I was jonesing to go since I read so many good things about their sandwiches.  Last week, I decided to make a lunchtime trek over to Shore Drive; it's not somewhere I frequently, however.The most interesting part of my visit was not the food, it was the young man behind the counter.  He could not have been older the say 11 or 12 years, but this young man was all business, all the time.  He was wearing a tie and vest and kept calling me 'sir'.  I hate being called 'sir' by the way.  He was very polite, though, and I appreciated his attention to both me as the customer and his job.  I wish I could start a consulting business and take this young man to teach some of the other restaurant employees how to treat the customer.  There are a few places, at least, that could use his help!I started with the Vietnamese pancake.  Although I did takeout and it was a bit cold, it was OMG good!  It came packed in two styroform containers - one with the pancake and with the aromatic herbs and sauce.  It was loaded with meat and veggie and wrapped in, you guessed it, egg.  I would order this one again.  Hope next to eat it hot, though.The Vietnamese meatball sandwiches was not what I thought it would be.  From the picutures on Yelp, I was sure that the meatballs were huge.  Mine looked like they were squeezed from a potsticker wrapper - they were small and a bit flat.  It was hard to determine how good they were because the bread and pickled vegetables overpowered them.  I was a bit diasppointing, but I think I'll get over it.  I want to give their banh mi another shoot.All in all, my visit went OK.  The restaurant was empty but it took around 15 minutes for my order to come out; a bit longer than I expected, but I'm sure I'll give Miss Saigon another try soon.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,10/2/2014,48,123,4,3,4>Hampton Roads needs ramen. This is a longing I've had since eating a fantastic ramen shop in DC, Daikaya. If you haven't had ramen--and the 10 cent packages from the grocery store don't count--you should definitely give it a shot. It's quite a bit more filling than you would imagine. There is a good variety of ingredients that go in to ramen. If you want to have something different every time you go, you can do that. As far as this restaurant, I'm really impressed with the quality of the service and speed at which we got our food (spicy miss if you care). Everything I ate was great. I'll have to eat here a few more times to get a better feel for it (I can't wait til a nice chilly fall day)--but I can definitely see this becoming a regular destination for me.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/1/2014,57,77,2,4,4>Mexican that's somewhat better than mexican is about as far as I will go with this place.  When going out to eat and thinking Mexican food you generally have a preconceived notion on what to expect.  Those things are:1.  Chips w/ salsa2.  Fast service3.  Lots of food choices that is often hard to tell the difference.If this is you then, read this review.  1.  The salsa is rather delicious.  Not too hot and has some good substance to it.  2.  The service doesn't disappoint.  As expected, yes it comes to your table with you going: "wow that was fast".3.  There is your typical blend of food choices but they also have some unique dishes accompanied with a vegetarian menu.To top all that, they do serve fresh guac, and occasionally have a roaming band that plays jokes on people and do some funny songs (nice touch).  The facility is very clean and they do have a very nice outdoor patio area that gives spots of sun such that you don't feel like you're getting beamed 100%.  The only thing I don't like about the facility is that the walking areas are very narrow.  The guac station takes up easily 4/5ths of the walkway and makes it real tight if people are trying to get around.They also have a bar here.  I haven't hung out at the bar area but from an outside perspective, it does look nice and bar-esque enough to not be trashy but a cool place to chill.  Overall if you're looking for a non-trashy Mexican place with good food and service.  Check this place out.Food taste - 4Overall Service - 4Value of food to cost - 4Facility - 4Repeat customer? - yes
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,9/30/2014,119,199,5,4,7>Your alarm clock goes off, it's 6:35AM.  Time to get up, get showered, get dressed, get coffee, get to work.  And as the years go by, as the routine slips from routine to drudgery and back again, your hopes for The Day go from Nervous Anticipation of youth to I Just Hope To Survive Intact to Face Another Day.  And you do.  And the cycle continues.  Lather, rinse, repeat.And by and large it is a good existence.  Indeed, some days suck much less, some about average.  The entire palate of grey is in full bloom here, the comfort of the Middle of the Road a not unwelcome distraction to the Internal Biological Processes that in the composite are Human Life.Every now and then, though....Stewart Copeland was bored, or inspired or lost a bet or something.  Whatever the motivation, the end game of all of this was that he spent 3 and a half years writing an orchestral accompaniment to the Silent Film Classic Ben Hur.  For reasons that quite honestly escape me and probably make no sense at all, the world debut performance was held at Chrysler Hall, our venerable Old Lady in Downtown Norfolk, sharing the same plot of land where John Brophy used to ply his trade and throw garbage cans at opposing backup goalies.  Indeed, why here, Stewart?  Please don't get me wrong, all of us in attendance for the performance sensed that this was Something Big, that we were somehow going to be the Sow's Ear that Became the Silk Purse.  We became the Anointed, the First.  And for that, I know that I will be eternally grateful.  Allow me to attempt to put this into a bit of a perspective for a moment.  Mr. Copeland (yes, that one.  He used to sit in the back during Police Concerts and was very much the Sountrack of my Misspent Youth.  Me and Mrs. Jones?  Not hardly.  Miss Gradenko was more my speed.  But I digress) edited the original film down to 90 minutes WITHOUT sacrificing story line.  He could have stopped there and walked away with a Big Win, but no.  He decided that this needed a whole new orchestral accompaniment.  In the Old Days before Sound, Color, Twitter, and Mariam's Fil-Am Cuisine, movies had no sound.  Instead, a giant (and mighty) Wurlitzer organ raised from the floor and a guy pumped away at it during the film.  Sometimes there was a scored accompaniment, sometimes he would just wing it.  He faced the screen so that he could understand the timing and make sure that his music at least vaguely fit what was happening on the screen.  Other films had wax cylinders that made the circuit with the film, but again, timing was critical.  One second of timing drift could put the film into an entirely new and unfortunate light.The timing.  It's everything.  When Mr. Copeland composed his score, he must have edited for hours getting the timing just right.  Making sure that when the film showed herald trumpets signaling the beginning of the Chariot Race, he scored the trumpets to life at just that moment, that the drum beats signaling the rowing cadence of the Slave Driven Roman ship were in perfect sequence with Stewart's own flailing on the floor tom. And then, in the most trusting and courageous act of all time, he turned that score over to Maestro RIchard Kaufman.  He stepped off a cliff (and conveniently took a seat behind the drum kit), not knowing how the journey would progress, much less the landing at the end of the journey.It was perfect.  Every note, every nuance, every flourish.  Perfect.  This score breathed new life into a classic that still had plenty of life left on its own.  Indeed, this was a once in a lifetime opportunity, to be amongst the first to witness that true mastery of sound.  This was special.  This was that day when the alarm clock went off as before, but what lie ahead was anything but middle of the road or just getting by. And we were there.  Norfolk.  Southeast Virginia.  757.  We have a bit of a reputation.  We don't excite easily.  Go ahead, try to impress us.  Just as on the Atlantic and Chesapeake, our waves tend to be very small, very non-intrusive.  A gentle lapping on the shore.  We tend to be passive, to let the experience wash over us.But not this night.  No, this was different.  As the final notes were still reverberating and the screen showed the famed Lion silently roaring his final time of the night, we rose as one and cheered.  And didn't want to stop, calling Mr. Copeland back to the stage to bask in the glory that was truly his that night.  We cheered because it was perfect.  We cheered because we were allowed to be a part of it.It will soon be Monday, the start of another work week.  At 6:35AM, my alarm clock will once again go off.  But for the next while, I will anxiously await the dawning of the day, I will embrace the challenges and the Left and Right of the road, because that is where the life is, that is where the magic happens.Stewart Copeland, on behalf of all of us, my sincerest thanks and gratitude.  Your work here will not soon be forgotten.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,9/29/2014,113,101,7,5,13>I searched Yelp for places within 5 miles of the house, and Woody's Barstro came up.  The wife and I decided to give it a try.  It was a Sunday eve at 5pm, so pretty quiet on this day. They were running a "Southern food" addition to the Menu on this day, so we both had the Liver and Onions entree.  This entree was prepared excellently,   Liver and Onions, served over mashed potato with the side of long stem green beans.  -- Also, unique and pleasant surprise added to this dish was bacon --  and I am not talking regular strip-bacon, I am talking nice extra thick chunks of bacon with great smoke flavor.   Tasted Great!The service was superb.  Heather, our waitress was right on time with drinks and the check near the end of the meal.  Also, there was an interesting random thing that occurred which we found quite cool:My wife was saying "If I ever opened a restaurant, I'd have love songs playing."  I disagreed with her on this and said:  "What?  You want to listen to music like Air Supply while you dine?  I don't think so!"   --  So about 5 minutes pass...  They had been playing Led Zeppelin, then Pink Floyd while we were talking, but the very next song after that:  "All Out of Love" by Air Supply!    We both laughed when this occurred and I said "What's going on here?!  Do they have microphones in the Salt Shakers?!"   Truly one of those odd life coincidences   :-)--- I give Woody McGee's 4.5 out of 5 stars.... I will definitely visit them again to try some new entrees, a great restaurant!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,9/28/2014,124,171,5,4,8>Spades!!!!!!!!!! I'm so gamed for this restaurant!!  So deserving of 5 stars!!!A friend of mine ate here about a month ago and raved about the affordable dinner and happy hour specials.  But I didn't think ...I wanna go.  I just said ummmm ok.On one of the local stations, Ive heard this spot advertised, but again it wasn't convincing.  Nevertheless, I ended up here Saturday night (process of elimination). And boy...was I pleased!!! I was surprisingly "wowed"...like totally!!!I walked up and saw people carrying in items I thought ...ummmm whats going on?  Then I saw a few people sitting (self made seats) outisde the restaurant. I was like ummmmm nevermind.  But my guest said it's cool.It was very cool!!! I was relieved to know a baby shower was in progress on one side of the restaurant.  So that explained why certain items were brought into the restuarant heheehehe. Now the people sitting on the outside, still unsure about that. But eventually they came in and joined the baby shower.Welp enough about a first impression...I had my brow raised, but as we approached the bar (another couple already dining there) the bartender, Joy greeted us cheerfully.She was cute and her soothing voice kinda eased my concerns I had upon entering.Thank you Joy!!!From 6-8 they offer happy hour $5 top shelf drinks, $3 (I think) well drinks and $2 (I think) drafts...no food deals, but the drink deal is fantastic!  I did find out- only on Thursdays they offer wings and shrimp as apart of the happy hour specials.I had my share of drinks...happy hour was very happy for us! :)Dinner time...They offer small and large portions.  Now I can't imagine what the large portion consists of, but I ordered the small curry chicken with cabbage and yellow rice, and this was plllllllllllllllenty!!  (your entre includes 2 sides)The food was filling and so so good!!!  I didn't know I would enjoy it sooooooooooooo much!!!  The meat super tender.  The meat did not have too many bones.  The cabbage seasoned just right.  The yellow rice...ummmmm it couldve used a lil help.  Nevertheless, the curry sauce helped it.  Therefore, no real complaint there!I ate dinner about 730pm and I was full for the rest of the night.My guest had the jerk chicken with cabbage and mac n cheese. Of course I tried it too...the jerk chicken tasted like BBQ chicken (just a lil bit tho).  We brought it to Joy's attention, but she said they grill the chicken so that may have been why I could taste a smoky flavoring.  But it was seasoned just right.  My nose wasnt running overwhelmingly because of the jerk so that was a good thing!!  The mac n cheese.........ummmmm it wasnt up to par to my liking, but my guest ate it all :)Overall, please try this restuarant.  I believe they have been opened a year if that.  Ample parking...it's located in a shopping center.  Therefore, if you eat too much you can walk it off.When we arrived only one couple was there, and the party was going on ...seperate from the dining area.  But after about 30minutes other patrons started coming in...ordering take out!  This is always a good sign.  An empty restuarant definitely raises a brow IMO!They play music as well.  I think they werent playing it as much because of the baby shower but we requested to hear some tunes...Joy made it happen!I did visit the restroom...super clean!!!!  That's another plus!!!!  No water was around the sink...no overflowing trashcan...and it smelled pleasant as well.  Tissue stocked and paper towels...hands free unit!Despite my concerns upon entering and a few other hiccups, this place is a definite winner!!I will be back.  I will aim to go on a Thursday to try out the wings and shrimp for happy hour!!Another gentleman kept peeking in on us to make sure we were good and we rest assured all was good.  He may of been the owner...he looked important hehehehe...Kudos...keep on keepin on!!!Have fun :)
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,9/27/2014,12,77,2,3,4>This place is great! They have the best Aquatic selection by far over petco and petsmart! I just wish they sold my dogs' blue buffalo basics flavor, then I wouldn't have to go to the petsmart by my house! It has a much larger selection of pet toys and saltwater fish items, as well as salt water accessories. I was blown away with the place after walking in once! The only reason why it doesn't have 5 stars is my dog food. The staff are pretty friendly and helpful also. This place has made my list and my picky husbands too!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/26/2014,29,113,1,4,5>I have lived in the area for 2 years, and just recently visited the Nauticus for the first time. I appreciated that they gave a military discount. My husband was my own personal tour guide (he has been here before). While walking around the battleship and the museum, he found some things that he didn't see last time. There is so much to do that it will take you hours to go through it all! I really wanted to pet the sharks but they only offer petting/feedings on the odd hours (ie. 1pm, 3pm, etc.). This is definitely worth the money! Great place for a family outing.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/25/2014,163,183,6,7,8>I'm breaking my rule of visiting at least twice before making a review but I felt like I really needed to for this one. I don't understand why there are so many 1 star reviews for this place because the Big Easy is such a fantastic restaurant/bar. Yes, it's a little classier than your average t-shirt and jeans joint. But for what it's meant to be, it's really, really great!We were greeted with a friendly face right at the door and were asked if we wanted to be seated downstairs (a basement bar area) or upstairs (a brighter, classier area). Since we weren't too extremely dressed, we opt for the basement bar. The bartender was prompt with the menu and explained that they were a participating restaurant for restaurant week. We ordered the orange crush, and to be quite honest, its far superior to Watermans. We also tried their oyster shooters, our first try, which was good with the liquid but definitely different once that oyster swam down our throats. It's not something you would typically get to get the party started. Just a try was enough. My gf and best friend both had the she crab soup. Which were pretty good. Then our main course of Surf n' Turf, Seafood Jambalaya, and the Big Easy chicken. All of them came hot and fresh. The flavors were all there and my Seafood Jambalaya had just the right amount of spice. Perhaps the most memorable dish of the night, was the Bread Pudding for dessert! It came topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and caramel syrup drizzle. It was our fave of the three options offered.My only thing weird that I would have to say was the fact that the cook (or who looked like a kitchen staff) kept coming behind the bar right in front of us just wondering around. He was out of place and was not at all friendly. He literally just loitered in front of the oysters for a good 10-15 mins at a time. We had such a great dinning experience, we will definitely come back for more! Maybe to try their happy hour, as someone suggested in the reviews below that it's pretty good.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/24/2014,22,99,1,8,7>Yesterday was the grand opening for this place.  I wasn't sure what to expect coming in.  The place was not overly crowded at the time I came in.  The place has tables to sit to the right when you come in, while all the work areas (grill, etc.) are to the left.We were immediately greeted upon entering and asked if we wanted to get any donuts, since they are made to order.  We did order some donuts and sat at a talble while waiting.  I had the maple bacon donut and a glazed donut with coconut.The donuts were pretty good.  They are really good when they are made fresh like tye do here.  The reason I gave them only four stars instead of five was because their full menu was not available yet.  They said the full menu should be available in a few weeks.I'm looking forward to coming back here in a few weeks to try their breakfast sandwiches, frozen yogurt, and other items they will have once everything gets in place.  This place is definitely worth trying out.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,9/23/2014,17,2,16,2,2>LIVE REVIEW9:05 - I've been here for about 20 or so minutes at this point. Ordered the fried oyster sandwich with mac n' cheese for the side (very excited). We have a party of 9 so the food is taking a little bit longer than normal, but that's expected. No worries, these 8 Point IPAs are keeping me company.9:15 - AW SHIT. FOOD IN SIGHT. 9:20 - LAWD9:27 - Having a good time9:30 - Getting pretty full.. but still having a good time9:33 - Conquered. Very full. Would eat more if my body allowed it. ReviewThis place is a must-visit if you haven't already. The food is consistently awesome and their beer selection... \m/. I would recommend anything written on the boards with chalk.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2014,9/22/2014,100,82,4,4,5>Not bad! Went here to get my car cleaned after enduring a long spring in VB. With all the dust and pollen and summer coming around the corner it was time to treat my car out. Not to mention, the week old bird poop was the icing on top.I did the laser wash (drive-thru) bc I wasn't in the mood to get out my car. I did the gold for $7 bucks. You get everything except for the double bond Teflon sealant which you get on the platinum for $9. Drove up and parked on the platform. They carwash let's you know if you need to drive up more or back up and displays what step it's on. Probably was in there for about 10 mins. I  parked and got out to look at the results.The bird poop was off, car shiny, and I was happy. Affordable and convenient. Also has vacuums and self-wash.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,9/21/2014,62,212,1,4,4>The staff was very patient and helpful. I had ordered my dress based on the size of the floor sample I tried on. When it came in, it didn't fit and I was devastated. So much so, that I thought I needed to find a different dress and start over. After trying on several more dresses the staff helped me see that the original dress I purchased was truly the dress for me and they were able to order the correct size without any cost to me. During my fitting appointments the staff was always kind and complimentary of how I looked in the dress. Even though I told them they say that to every bride, they were sure to tell me that wasn't always the case. I felt special and beautiful in my dress thanks to the ladies at this store.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,9/20/2014,46,196,5,6,8>Good parking, clean, neat, nice greeting and great service... okay, got that out of the way.  Let's get down to the food.  Hubs coffee could have grown hair on my chest, I had water, but his coffee had a nice bite to it, sure, I tasted it.    If you are a coffee drinker, you will love it.  He ordered the Viking, I got the cheese blintz "Cheese Blintzes  $8.99  "Two Swedish pancakes filled with mixed cheeses & covered with fresh fruit. ". yes, I cut and pasted this from the breakfast menu.... for a good reason.  It was a dessert.  Far too sweet.  The "fresh fruit" was strawberries marinated in sugar overnight.  Oh, and it was topped with whipped cream, from a can, I think..looked like it.  I also ordered the Edward sausage links because of the nice reviews.  They were almost the size of hot dogs.... but tasted far better.  The meat was tightly packed in the casings and very smoky... delicious.You peeps who want an inexpensive but delicious breakfast, order the Viking and ask for an extra plate and fork.  This is 2 huge pancakes, one large waffle, 3 eggs, bacon, 2 Edwards sausages, delicious potato chunks and a large biscuits for 12.99.  I have to comment on the potato chunks.  They were fried but somehow they figured out how to put mashed potatoes inside... crazy delicious.There is also a nice bar with bar seating. A person commented about the half off mimosa..... get there early because it stops at 9am and only on Saturday and Sundays. I am going back when I want genuine pea soup....I will bet it is super delicious.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,9/19/2014,18,133,4,6,3>I love bakery stuff and donuts, but I've been a little disappointed in HR. There have been great donut places (see 'paradise donuts'), but that's about it. I stopped by Sugar Plum after a trip to Trader Joe's after my girlfriend got me some donuts once that I loved. This place is just great all around! The employees were incredibly friendly and happy and they were well-stocked (even a couple hours before closing). They have everything from cakes, to donuts, to cookies. Not only did everything I get taste perfect, but the prices were incredibly cheap and it's a non-profit establishment! I think if more people knew about Sugar Plum there would be a line out the door.Things I loved: Mini cherry cake, black and white cookie, and coconut donut. They also have seating inside if you can't wait to eat your sugar-filled food until you get home!Overall: Really great bakery in an un-expecting area of town. The price was right, service was great, and options were plentiful. Looking forward to my next visit (but I'll have to wait until I have more time to exercise the fat off...)
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,9/18/2014,114,446,1,6,3>I really loved the sea and pig pizza. It was fantastic. Cheesy and full of flavor.  The Korean Tacos were also really good. Disappointed in the lack of flavor in the salmon sandwich...it was plain and blah. Great happy hour prices.   We will defiantely be back for the pizza!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,9/17/2014,64,171,8,4,4>The Comfort Zone has AMAZING chicken wings.  I mean, I wanted to suck the bones dry, but that wouldn't have been very lady like in a 35 and up lounge like atmosphere now, would it?  Seriously.....would it?Come to think of it, I don't think my coworkers would have appreciated any bone sucking since they frequent this place.  They might have disowned me and claimed that I was raised in the rain forest with wild Orangutans - my arms are rather long though - I might be related?  Anyway, awesome wings.  Not thick nasty dipped in batter like you get at some chains but rather a nice layer of crispy skin surrounding juicy yumminess, its perfection I tell ya.  Comfort zone is just a great atmosphere for an older crowd.  Very relaxed with great music.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,9/16/2014,40,56,2,7,2>When I saw a groupon pop up on my email for Saffron, I new I had to buy it because my wife and I love this place. But after I looked a little closer at the fine print, I recognized that they had a new location in Norfolk. We usually travel to the Va Beach town center from Hampton to eat at Saffron. So I bought the groupon for the Norfolk Saffron and we visited on Cinco de Mayo.We walked through the front door knowing exactly what we wanted to eat. My wife loves the vegetable biriyani.  I usually hang out in the curry section. But today I decided to get the matar mushroom. This is a vegetarian dish that I added chicken to in order to satisfy the carnivore in me. My meal was pretty good. It was consistent with what I'm use to getting at the Saffron in Virginia Beach. Since I added chicken to a dish that comes with mushrooms and peas, there was not a lot of room for sauce. That is my one knock on the dish. If I could have ordered some extra sauce on the side, I would have done it. I actually should have done it. There was an additional $5 charge for adding chicken to my $13 matar mushroom. My wife was happy with her biriyani and naan.My only problem with our trip to Norfolk was the parking. There were no meters open on the street for us to park so we hit the garage. We had to pay $3 to park in order to eat dinner. Not a bad price to pay for a great meal, but it may be a deal breaker for some who would rather not get taxed to eat dinner In Norfolk. The garages in Virginia Beach near the other Saffron are free.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,9/15/2014,59,189,5,6,4>If you live in Hampton Roads and you say you're going to the beach, no one ever instantly thinks Buckroe.Their loss.Buckroe's a cool community beach.  Never overcrowded, never noisy.  Also never too much to see, which can be a problem if you like people-watching.  So bring your own entertainment.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,9/14/2014,44,61,2,5,6>Originally was going to O'Connors Afro their event.  I begged off due to the parking and long line at the gate.   So we went to the next best alternative, Smartmouth, to start, the parking is easy, and there was a great crowd, nice mix between young and old.   Great crowd actually, with hipsters from the neighborhood, and an old guy like me (Navy veteran and now oil rig worker).  I got the IPA and it was very good, also the Malbons food truck was outside so beer and BBQ definitely go together.   great time, great folks and great beer, win win win.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,9/13/2014,48,178,1,5,4>I used to frequent the zoo quite a bunch when I was a nanny for 5 years. I had been taken here as a child & always enjoyed taking the little ones that I watched. They loved the water spouts that are in use during the summer. I hadn't been since 2007 & wow they've added some cool new stuff since my last visit, including the train & the whole "Trail of the Tiger" exhibit.I had bought the living social deal last fall & took my boyfriend for his first visit during yesterday's beautiful weather. It was definitely busier on a nice Saturday than the week days I used to go on. I was happy that I saw security & a police officer in the parking lot because I had heard of the car break-ins that were becoming an issue there. I was starting to get disappointed since it seemed like a lot of the animal exhibits were under construction or signs that the animals would be returning in the spring. I wanted to show my bf the prairie dog exhibit & the petting zoo, but oh well we'll have to return when it warms up. Luckily, as we walked through the zoo we were able to see more animals. My favs included the kangaroos, giraffes, & monkeys to name a few. We were convinced that some of the reptiles are fake though haha. It was a fun day though!!Beautiful landscape, cool animals to see, & a clean facility makes for a nice place for a family outing or date!!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/12/2014,59,90,1,5,4>This is a small restaurant with a cool outside area to eat. It feels like you were in somebody's backyard just hanging out and eating some good food. The french fries were awesome fresh-cut fries with their own special seasoning on them.  The pulled pork barbecue was awesome it had great smoke flavor it wasn't overpowering and it had a good sauce and good flavor. The Philly cheesesteak was very unique and tasted really good. It was different than anything I've ever had before in a cheesesteak. It had plenty of cheese and had a nice steak sauce flavor to it also.The staff was very helpful and nice and went above and beyond to make sure our visit was special. He even came out and gave us a little taste of their smoothie that they had made a little bit extra of. Now that is service! I can't wait to come here again and try the chicken wings that I've heard so many good things about. Come here!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,9/11/2014,255,146,4,6,8>This is a great little sub shop. I had lunch here a couple of times. The sandwiches that I liked the most was their Italian and the Chicken Philly, the Chicken Philly was a little different than the traditional version. They use sliced chicken breast rather than the chunks, it is a "neater" version of the Chicken Philly and a good change of pace but I prefer the more common cheesier version. There are a couple of tables in the restaurant for you to sit and enjoy your meal, they have a TV too. Prices here are reasonable and they have daily featured meal combos. Service here is pleasant and quick, but I definitely recommend calling ahead to reduce your wait time.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,9/10/2014,509,292,1,10,7>WOW, this was my favorite part of my 30th birthday celebration! Hands down, the best restaurant I have been to in Virginia Beach.Its hard to review a place that already has almost 100, 5 star reviews, without saying something new that hasn't already been touched upon, so I will just outline my experience. My dreamy husband made us a 6pm reservation and when we got there, it was not as crowded as I had envisioned for a Friday night. We were promptly seated and given our CUSTOMIZED, "Happy Birthday Nikki" menus, which I thought was pretty special. We started immediately with yummy bread, which came fresh from the oven and served with olive oil. Our server suggested the Chefs tasting with wine pairings and I think that was the perfect choice for a first timer at this restaurant. Our first course included the Raw Oysters and Heirloom baby beet salad. Both were perfectly prepared and presented beautifully. Second course, Risotto and Ahi tuna, again, mouthgasm. For our entree, he chose the duck duo and I chose the fennel pollen dusted sea scallops. HOLY MOLY. Delicious. I could eat those scallops everyday! Each dish was picture perfect, flavorful, and the wine pairing our waiter chose for us went perfectly with each dish. We topped the night off with the Chocolate love dessert with port wine and a whiskey. YUM. The portions were quite small, but this is to be expected when you order a tasting menu. Regardless, we both left fat, full and happy. The only part about this place that you need to keep in mind is that it is not cheap. But like I say with all things, you get what you pay for and Terrapin was worth every single penny. Our waiter was cool and conversational. He and my husband bonded over talk of their watch collections like they were old pals. I like a waiter that can get a good flow of conversation going. Nothing is worse than a boring wait staff. I loved the vibe, the funky decor and the open kitchen is always something I appreciate.Thank you Terrapin, for making my birthday just as amazing as you are. We will absolutely be returning and I always recommend you to anyone looking for a new place to try.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/9/2014,37,327,4,4,5>My daughter took an art camp here this summer.  It had a theme and the age ranges are broken up well each week.   They offer a drop off and pick up on Plume St since it's surrounded by construction.  I carpooled with another family, so only experienced pick up and got right outside 4 days.  One day I did go round and round the block until finding a spot.  But overall, it was easy to get to, has plenty of parking on street or garages.  The camp space seemed small, but they got to walk through the artists areas and get outside daily for lunch.  They did a lot of projects and the end of week art show was nice to see everyone's work.  She had a great time.  We enjoyed stopping by the artists booths that week as well.  Will be back to see more and perhaps do a class.  Fun place.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,9/8/2014,31,57,3,7,5>It's taken me a while to write a review on Bangkok Garden, since I was previously a waiter there for 3 years. However, it's been 2 years since, and everything about Bangkok Garden has changed (new location, it now has a bar, etc) except the quality of the food!I have been here to eat at least five times since it opened up. My roommate and I were going on a binge, and were going there every weekend to start our weekend. You can't fault a guy wanting his Thai food back after being used to eating it almost every day for 3 years... And it never got old.I have many recommendations, but am only go with what I have tried since the new place was established. The Som Tum is mega delicious, and they still never fail me when I tell them to make it bleeding red. Also try the Yum Woon Sen, which is still well prepared. These are both great summer salads, and what makes it better is that they have outside seating! The Kai Tom Kha (chicken coconut soup) still rocks my world. My roommate ordered Tom Kha, which is still prepared well, but trust me on the Kai Tom Kha. I'm not a fan of fried food, and it spring rolls and the fried appetizers is something hard for me to recommend. However, two items always made me look passed the fried part Wontons and Fried Calamari. Their fried calamari is different, but it's hella good. Steam rolls, is like a heavenly summer day in your mouth! Pineapple fried rice with chicken is still banging, and I admit I can only do the regular fried rice with all the meats or just chicken - on thai fried rice for me, I haven't been able to stomach other Chinese nor Japanese fried rice and haven't attempted Vietnamese. I can go on with my mouths savoring recommendations, but let's continue. I think paying a little extra for all meats is fair, especially for how much you get and how little extra you pay. I haven't attempted it, because I never substitute, but it did use to bug me as a waiter when we added veggies to the meal and would charge extra even when they asked for some veggies to be removed. I am unable to let you know if this has changed, but don't let it stop you.The ambience is nice, and I have spoken to the owner about how beautiful it is and how I am super happy that they have a bar. Luckily, the bar hasn't taking away from the dining experience, which is perfect, I would hate for patrons to look past the food. Overall, this place still cooks up a hell of a Thai meal!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/7/2014,72,218,4,5,5>Sweet Jesus, I saw the light of Heaven today.Clean, well-stocked store.  We bought a half-dozen - all different flavors. Each one was excellent and we will be back.  We tried Samoa, Heath, Apple.  Yummy.   Very nice staff.  The lady was very helpful with selections and we will definitely be back when we are near Greenbrier.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,9/6/2014,17,15,2,11,5>A big debate in va beach seems to be whether Iggles or Philadelphia Cold Cuts has the better cheesesteak.  I tried Iggles first And really enjoyed it.  It took me awhile to finally get around to Philadelphia Cold Cuts, but I finally did and also thoroughly enjoyed, but simply based on memory I had no idea which one I like better.SO, my husband and I finally did a side by side taste test of Iggles and Philadelphia cold cuts, both made the same way (grilled onions, white American cheese, and mayo).  Well, I'm gonna be honest, upon looking at the two cheesesteaks I thought and wanted Iggles to win.  Iggles sandwich had more filling, was a larger sandwich, and they both cost the exact same!  So, finally the taste test after the visual examination...and on first bite of each there was no debate which tasted better.  Philadelphia was hands down the winner!! I was NOT expecting it to be such an easy decision, but it was.  The debate is over.  Philadelphia Cold Cuts takes the cake on best cheesesteak!! Quality over quantity was the lesson learned tonight!And I had no idea you can get it "with whiz."  Can't wait to try it!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,9/5/2014,40,107,3,5,3>The Happy Hour specials here are ridiculous. From 3PM - 7PM Monday - Friday, & 8:30 AM (yep) - 7 PM on the weekends, all glasses of beer / wine / liquor are half off.Our last visit here was on a Thursday, which is half price whole pizza night, and arguably the best day of the week to visit. The bill for an entire pizza & 6 drinks came to less than $23. I'm not sure where else you can get a deal that great here in Hampton Roads.Service is excellent, provided you realize that this is primarily a bar and you don't come here starving. Your server may get distracted and end up chit chatting near the back of the establishment, so don't be afraid to chase them down if you need something.All in all, even though the clientele primarily consists of dudebros & college kids who haven't quite figured out how to hold their alcohol properly, it's still worth a visit.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,9/4/2014,4,65,3,3,4>3.5Beer menu is good, though I would not characterize as fantastic...anyplace with flights and samples though will earn some points with me. I think they had around 30 beers on draft including one of my favorites New Belgium's Accumulation!! ...though about 6 or so of these were very basic, but you need to please the masses I guess. Clearly the draft selection is way better than your average bar. Around another 30 or so bottled selections including one of my favorites Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat and Ballast Point Sculpin....AWESOME!!!! TRY THEM!!The food was not bad, but I agree with some other posters that the menu does not make me think "Gastropub" I think of Gastropub food as basic bar food with very interesting/local twists to them, using different sorts of ingredients and flavors to enhance the experience of your run-of-the-mill traditional stuff.   While I do think that the appetizer menu may fit this description,  the actual entrees are all pretty much your average type-menu....chicken, steaks, seafood, pasta, burgers. I had the mahi sandwich and it was quite tasty, but I was hoping for something a little more interesting...We sat outside, service was good, though the outside tables were suffering from that weird giant-chairs-very-low-table phenomenon that can make it difficult to eat anything that may be potentially messy...I hope this place does well, because this is a notorious location for restaurant closures and I am glad to see a place with a nice beer menu on the VB map!!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,9/3/2014,202,207,3,5,4>Continuing in my quest for great tasting pizza in the Hampton Roads Area...I just so happened to find and stop in this pizza joint after reading other good reviews on Yelp. I felt a little awkward as I was the only one here at 9pm when I walked in, as I decided to eat here over Papa John's. I checked the menu before I arrived and decided on the 12" BBQ Chicken Pizza. While waiting for the pizza I noticed the décor in this place could use some major updating.  And the space would really "POP" if they replaced all the tables and chairs with wood ones and maybe get a few high-top tables in there as well. The TV could also be bigger on the far back wall I think it was only a 32' screen; could barely see the thing. The pizza arrived shortly thereafter and looked amazing. After taking that first bite I was in aww. The pizza tasted really good. The BBQ sauce for a short period reminded me of the McDonald's sauce with a little more pepper. The only bad thing about the pizza was it was really too thin on the bottom; nothing too terrible bad though.**Overall the pizza at this location is very good don't let the area it in fool you. I will be returning and would recommend them to others.Eat Up!!!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/2/2014,88,178,1,5,6>I really wanted to give this place five stars after having so many of my friends recommend it. They advertise having a farm to table approach which I just love! We had a large party and decided to just split up in to two groups so we would not have to wait as long. It was 6pm on a Saturday night, I expected a wait, but the other people in my part weren't feeling quite as patient. They have a great seating area inside which was great. The restaurant is layer out a little weird. I feel like they need to rearrange things to maximize the space. It was still nice to wait inside. When we were waiting I grabbed a drink from the bar, Allagash. It is one of my favorite beers, so I was really excited that they had it on tap. They have a really good tap selection and their bottle selections was awesome! I really liked the bar tender too. So much so I would come back to sit at the bar, maybe for a football game. Unfortunately I did not like our server half as much as out bartender. She didn't have much personality and her attention to detail was nonexistent. She was terrible when it came to drink refills especially. I told her it was my first time here and I asked for a recommendation of fries and her answer was so unenthusiastic I almost didn't get her recommendation. (My friends convinced me otherwise.)We had the cheese sticks as a starter and I would come back just for those. Definitely ask for alfredo on the side too! (We did, our server forgot to bring it when my friend ordered, but I was able to try it once she brought it to us just in time for the last half of my cheese stick).  They were creamy and gooey. They definitely didn't taste like the frozen ones you get from some of the chain restaurants. The batter was light and it wasn't over powering, you are definitely getting the cheese!!For my meal I had the Fun Guy burger, which is their portobello mushroom burger. It was delicious! It could have used a little more cheese and I had a hard time tasting the basil pesto. Still very good. I was really impressed with the bread actually! The border fries were great! However the batch my table got was all a little too crispy with tiny tiny fries. I loved the spice, but I left half of them on my plate, because of the size and texture. I tried a house fry from my friend's plate, definitely preferred the border.  It was good and maybe with better fry quality and better service it could have gotten 5 stars from me. I will give it another shot next time my husband is craving a burger.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,9/1/2014,91,52,2,7,6>The Cut. This is one of the best gems Chesapeake has to offer. If you haven't been, play hookie at work at go here instead. They've got great healthy options that includes paninis and salads. They've also got daily specials that are usually very impressive. They've had pork belly specials (which my friends say is amazing), salmon specials, etc. I've yet to have a sandwich there that has disappointed me. And hummus and pita for a side? That's pretty rad in my book too. They usually get pretty busy during lunch time (11:30 AM - 1:30 PM), so plan accordingly!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/31/2014,107,136,2,5,6>Second visit...came on a Sat. for Delmonico steak special. 10oz $11.95, 12oz $13.95, 14oz $15.95, & 16oz $17.95. I started with the clam chowder. Was good. For me, it could've used a little more pepper. It had bacon and a bunch of clams so I was happy.I ordered the 10oz Delmonico w/ a side salad and baked potato. First, a hot loaf of pumpernickel bread arrived with a delicious honey butter. It was sooooooo scrumptious! There were little slits in the bread so you can pull a piece that it semi-uniform. Then, the salad came. It was nice and crisp. Simple salad w/ a pepper corn dressing. There were many options for dressing.  Last, the steak arrived. For 10 oz it was huge! I ordered medium rare and got medium rare. It was seasoned PERFECT! I didn't need to add anything to the steak at all!!! I didn't even use A-1 as it would've taken away from the flavor. Before adding salt, I suggest taste first! The dude next to me was salting it up without tasting. I'm horrible as I didn't say a word...Service was on-point. Restrooms were clean. Definitely coming back...
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/30/2014,73,159,5,5,4>I can't even imagine how many times I've driven past this place and dismissed it as just a takeout spot for the ODU kids.Gosh that makes me sound old. (Get off my lawn!)They have, hands down, the best Gen Tso's Tofu I've had since moving back to Hampton Roads (our do we call it Coastal Virginia now? Tidewater?) Get it with the mushroom fried rice. Just do it. Don't question me. Mushroom. Fried. Rice. NOW.Their other food is pretty average -- a quick cheap fix for your cravings. Bonuses: online ordering + payment and their actually somewhat speedy delivery service.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,8/29/2014,34,51,1,9,5>I don't go to cupcake shops very often, but my sister needed me to pick up a dozen for her so I figured I can't leave without getting one for myself. I didn't get there until after 5pm so they were out of few of the flavors, but there were still some good ones left. I couldn't decide between the apple pie, gingerbread, or Italian cream. I ended up going with the apple pie. I must say, this is the best cupcake I've had. The texture of the cake was so soft and moist, it was like biting into a little piece of heaven. The butter cream and apple filling made it taste just like an apple pie. I have a major sweet tooth so I was happy with it, but others may find that the frosting was too sweet. The people that work there are very nice. They acknowledge you right away and they just give off a good vibe in the cute little cafe. The cupcakes are $3 a piece and $33 for a dozen, which is a pretty good deal to me since these cakes are so good. My only suggestion is to find better holders for the dozen box. I feel the holes don't secure the cupcakes that well. Besides that, I have nothing to complain about. Next time I crave a cupcake, I'll know where to go.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/28/2014,334,138,13,13,16>A great atmosphere with a wonderful staff ready and wanting to assist you and to make your visit a pleasant one !!! With 54 tequilas and counting, skies the limit !!! A great selection of liquor and a wide variety of beers also, but if you need assistance don't hesitate to ask your awsome  bartenders !!!!Oh but font forget the delicious latin style food waiting just for you !!!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/27/2014,152,116,4,6,4>I'm really not big on Mexican food, but it was my coworker's 21st birthday party so I couldn't help being dragged 40-minutes out into Viriginia Beach just to eat and drink at Señor Fox's. Fortunately, I was particularly hungry that night, so I felt like I could eat anything. But first, I just had to munch on their tortilla chips, which I dipped in salsa and surprisingly, some kind of concoction atypical of Mexican restaurants that tasted mostly like mayonnaise.After much deliberation and 21st birthday shenanigans, I ordered Brian's Special, even though I had no idea what that was at the time. The description sounded like every other food item on the menu. It turned out to be just a sheet of beef and chicken over the usual compliment of beans and rice with a side of tortillas. I was a bit disappointed with the presentation and it tasted pretty average, too. The only difference between what I ate and a burrito or soft taco it would seem, was that I had to make it myself. Had I stopped there, my rating would have been 2 stars at most.The margaritas were pretty good. The Monster Margarita tasted a lot like a tequila version of a daquiri. I shared one with my coworker's mother and didn't think too much of it until I started feeling sick after about a cup-full. The alcohol really creeps up on you especially with sweet drinks like that, but tequila just doesn't sit well with me so the events that followed after I left the building were probably inevitable. I should have just stuck with the Negra Modellos I ordered for that night. Which, by the way, for some reason came with lemon slices. My Negra Modellos always come with lime, but then again, there was that one time at some restaurant where it didn't come with anything, so better than nothing, I guess.The saving grace for me was dessert. The Sopaipilla was a delicious if not safe choice. I was really impressed with the Deep Fried Icecream though. I ordered one at a restaurant called Cha Cha Cha's in Waikiki, but Señor Fox's one was 10 times better. Just the right crunchiness of the outer later, with just the right sweetness of the vanilla icecream encased inside. I would definitely go back just for another taste of that dessert.All in all, it's not a bad place to have a few drinks. The staff is pretty friendly. If you're coming here for food, I'd ask them for recommendations or order very carefully. Stick to the safer choices if you must. And whatever you do, do not forget to ask this important question:What does Señor Fox say?
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,8/26/2014,38,55,2,7,3>I believe this restaurant is fairly new, with a name that can kinda throw you off. You might think you're about to enter a pet shop. But don't let the name fool ya, the food was pretty tasty.Kinda gave me a Woody McGee's vibe. It's a small restaurant with tables and booths in the front and a bar taking up the entire back half, so it probably gets pretty busy here. Luckily, we went on a slow Tuesday afternoon just in time to catch the last 30 mins of Happy Hour (ended at 7pm). Ordered a decent sized rum & coke for $3 and their signature Hair of the Dog burger. It was pretty delicious but a lot of food to tackle. It was a good burger, one that I wouldn't mind ordering again. I tend to steer towards fried egg burgers and theirs just happens to have bacon and waffle bun to top it off! I had fries as a side while my friend substituted for their mac & cheese. He said it was really good, with a Gouda style.Their happy hour special was pretty decent as well. They have a good beer selection, but I think as of right now they only serve bottles (I could be wrong). The have pretty interesting Bloody Mary choices too, if you're into that.I plan to come back to try out more of their menu. The chicken & waffles look pretty intriguing. I imagine this place being packed during the weekend and brunch hours, so hopefully a busy visit won't take away from your experience.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/25/2014,24,113,1,8,9>I forgot how much I love this place.  Tuesdays are awesome.  Five dollar flights and five dollar glasses from 5-9.  The food is so good and they have some wonderful wines to taste. It's good for groups,  good for a date, girls night out.  You name it. Nice non-pretentious  casual atmosphere. I'm wearing shorts and a t-shirt and I fit in just fine with the other patrons here. Great place. Will be back for sure soon.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,8/24/2014,31,234,3,14,8>I was prepared to love them before they even opened their doors when I saw the herb garden outside. The latest gem in NOCO, I got a chance to talk to the owner who described wanting to prepare "honest" food. Big focus on fresh, local, organic, I like to think of it as comfort food without the guilt. Every bite just made me smile, and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.My first meal consisted of a cucumber and tomato salad with optional shrimp on top. As the plate was being handed to they mentioned the cucumbers had been picked that very morning. The plate was quite lovely and had a generous portion of shrimp. Absolutely the perfect thing on a hot summer day, light, refreshing, crisp and clean flavors. The lovely dessert followed. A buttermilk custard with crumble. It had this great citrus tang to it. If I could have licked the mason jar clean I would have. Basically, I loved it and am looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2014,8/23/2014,46,168,1,6,7>Tuesday evening 6 p.m.Had a great evening. Our party of about a dozen were the only guests for the two hours that we were there. This was unexpected but it was ideal because we didn't have to worry about being a bother to anyone else. I don't know if Norfolk Garden is always this quiet on a weeknight, but if you want a quiet date this could be the weekday spot.You cannot tell the beauty of the inside by looking at the exterior. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked over a mock-bridge to enter the main room to see beautiful etched windows and lovely Asian decor throughout. Our very long table for our party was ready before we arrived. Being that no other patrons were in the restaurant I was surprised to see less than 6 menus scattered about.There was one server working, and 12+ of us, he handled himself pretty well. I was not displeased with the service. I'd say service was pretty good. I am wholly unfamiliar with Korean cuisine. Luckily I was seated next to a friend who could explain each dish to the group in detail, especially the subtle differences in the sauces. If you too are unfamiliar with Korean dishes bring along an expert, read the descriptions in detail, ask questions, especially if you don't want anything to spicy.As far as I know, everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed their meal. Pork and beef were the favorites.High chairs are available for toddlers and baby carriers.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/22/2014,51,77,6,7,4>I seriously thought this place was a Chuck E. Cheese type of establishment every time I drove by. I thought that I'd give it a shot since I was pretty sure my initial thought was wrong. I was way off!! This place is amazing! It has a nice laid back feel to it with even a couch and tv to just hang out. There's an ample amount of bottled craft beer handy for your enjoyment with whatever pizza that you decide to engulf. The pizza by the way, left me beyond satisfied. We had the barbecue pizza and while we waited for it to come out we tested our pinball skills on the Dr. Who pinball machine. The atmosphere, the kind people, the beer selection, and the awesome food... I could live here. Just let me live on the couch for a week. In the end, I think my Chuck E. Cheese idea was pretty dumb, yet it did make me feel like a kid again with how I was amazed that a place like this is right down the street yet I never gave it a better look.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/21/2014,74,230,3,6,3>After reading glowing review after glowing review for this place, I had to give it a try if ever in the area.  Today, I found myself nearby and after seeing Xerxes' picture of the JoJo, it was clear what I had to do.  I stopped in and sat at the bar area. It was around 2 pm, so the big lunch rush was over but there were still a few folks in there.  I ordered the JoJo with a side of fries and a drink.  The sandwich was as advertised: great.  Fresh bread with lots of steak, cheese, and some fries thrown on the sandwich.  The side of fries were good, as well.  I can tell that the folks running this place take pride in what they do. You can see everything behind the counter and the place was spotless, even after a busy lunch.  They were cleaning up after themselves constantly.  They were very nice and very attentive.  I did think that the lunch was a bit high overall, though.  The JoJo was $8.99, the fries were three bucks and the drink was two bucks. After tip it ran me about $18.    I know price is a relative concept but that's a little high for a sandwich and fries for my budget. So, I probably won't be a regular but I wish them the best of luck. The food, service, and overall experience were worthy of five stars.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/20/2014,298,491,7,9,5>Neptue's Park is the heart and soul of the Virginia Beach Ocean Front. Located beside the Hilton and off the boardwalk it is both a tourist and a locals attraction. I would consider it both safe and clean and feel it is a crowning jewel for the city.Parking is across the street in a parking garage and street parking if you can find it is metered. I would recommend the parking garage as our family has never had an issue and no worries on feeding the meter. There are also restrooms located off of Pacific. They are usually in great shape and applaud they city for their efforts.Our family is at this beach quite often. I would consider Neptune's Park to be broken down into three main parts. But as you will read I threw in kind of a forth.1. First you have the amphitheater just off Pacific which cranks out great music that is free. A nice grass lawn for throwing out a blanket and bringing a cooler of your favorite beverage on a nice evening is pretty darn awesome. Kick off your shoes and be ready to shake some booty. 2. Second you have the King Neptune Statue that people hang out around and take pics. If you have never seen this monstrosity it's HUGE!!! Great photo op place, don't miss the opportunity to pluck some random stranger off the boardwalk to take your pic so the whole  family is included.3. Third is the playground beach which is very small and designed for children 10&U. It's enough to keep the kids busy, especially the younger ages. Bring a bucket and shovel and the kids will have a ball for a long time.It is debatable I suppose if the Hilton's outdoor bar Catch 31 is part of the park. It is right off the boardwalk and a short distance from King Neptune and beside the amphitheater. It is an awesome place to hang and people watch, The fire pits are exclusive real estate. I find it  the best place to relax with a drink and listen to music with friends, or family.If there is negative it is the fact that such big crowds mob the park it can be uncomfortable at times. The bigger the crowds the less parking, the more difficult it is to move around. This is not all of the time, but most Summer and event weekends this tends to be the case. So a 1 star deduction for me.My family will continue to enjoy Neptune Park for years to come.  Whether your a tourist, or local I urge those reading this review to check this vibrant part of the beach out, it's pretty awesome!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,8/19/2014,23,129,,4,3>I came here for the second time ever on a lunch date back in March. The restaurant is located right across from the Greyhound bus station (a bit sketchy), but if you rotate yourself 90 degrees, it's also across from the downtown area/YMCA/metro (more safer looking).If you want authentic mediterranean/turkish food, this is the best around. The place is a small and probably fits no more than 20 people (think diner type seating). It is a simple setting, which I love because it means they are usually no frills, and their food speaks for themselves. You can order takeout or dine in. The cashier plays a double role as a server.My date ordered the grape leaves appetizer ($3.50), which were good. Warning: if you are a food adventurer who likes to order new food items with odd descriptors and foreign ingredients, avoid the ayran drink ($2.00). It deceptively looks like a regular lassi (yogurt-based drink in Indian cuisine), so you can understandably expect it to taste like one too. Nope. It is downright "OMG, what IS this?!" in a bad way where you don't want to swallow it, but spitting it back up would look rude in front of your date. I remember trying it myself the first time I came here and not being able to get past 2 swallows. My date ordered it this time around, and I watched as he cringed at its horrible taste and aftertaste. I took a small sip just to confirm that my first time wasn't a fluke...nope, it still had that horrid taste. I mean no offense to ayran drink lovers out there; I just feel that this is one of those items for people with acquired tastes.I ordered the lamb kebab wrap ($8.95) because I wanted to be able to sleep afterwards. My date ordered the lamb platter ($10.95), which was given in huge portions, and I don't know how he could have NOT slept afterwards. My lamb was cooked perfectly. My date also enjoyed his meal immensely. This is a perfect place to grab lunch during your lunch hour. You can also order it to-go on your way home from work for a full dinner meal.I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone working in the Ghent or the downtown area.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/18/2014,28,86,2,3,3>I must add that this is currently my favorite bar in va beach (is that sad?) Even though they don't have any liquor, they have a crazy amount of beer (on tap and in bottles). Everytime I go here I try something new & am always impressed. The prices are crazy reasonable even if you don't make it for happy hour (we never do)  The bar itself has a trendy homey feel . When 9pm comes around I never want to leave (they need to extend their hours...or maybe I need to work there...)
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/17/2014,63,174,5,14,6>Fabio Rinaldi, one of Norfolk's premier Granby Street restaurateurs for 12+ years, has finally given up the ghost on downtown Norfolk and relocated his wonderful Sirena Cucina Italian restaurant to N Great Neck Road in Virginia Beach.  It's only called Sirena now, and resides in the much smaller space previously occupied by the iconic Beckett's Cafe, in what's referred to as the "Farm Fresh Shopping Center" by the locals.  But Mr. Rinaldi was able to keep the entire kitchen staff, and several of the waitstaff, in place for the move, and brought along just enough of the old restaurant decor to make his regulars feel quite at home, if maybe a little more cramped. The dinner menu is almost unchanged from the Norfolk restaurant, and Sirena will also make a new attempt at attracting the mid-day crowd with a new lunch menu of salads, limited pasta dishes and paninis. Rinaldi's wonderful menu samples every part of Italy except Tuscany;  a spicy, rich veal ragu served with house-made gnocchi is maybe my favorite of his pasta offerings, and the amazingly tender Saltimbocca veal dish --- prepared a la Rome, without any cheese --- is unbeatable.  And I'm never able to get away without a piece of the house-made Tiramisu, which I judge currently to be the best in Tidewater.So I think it was some time in 2011 or so that I first talked to a very frustrated Mr. Rinaldi about relocating to the Beach.  Now that he's finally made the move, he's picked a very convenient spot within a very short bicycle ride from my house.  And while my waistline and wallet may suffer a little from here on out, my palate will never have been happier.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Fabio, and you're gonna kick yourself for waiting so long!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,8/16/2014,5,12,4,3,4>I don't come by often as i would like to, but this place after a long hot day on the beach and riding in on your beach cruiser to a hip and charming spot is something out of the coolest beach movies. The poke is always fresh and tasty... and the service is so friendly. I'm going to make it a point to visit often as possible this summer!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/15/2014,34,46,1,8,5>Are you looking for the best BBQ no matter what style you like? Look no further Bubba's BBQ Bistro is the spot. Let me begin by saying this is not your typical BBQ place. You're not gonna see a pink pig welcoming you. This is a bistro. It's like BBQ and upscale dining had a baby. Don't get me wrong you're still gonna get that at home feeling, especially with the wood chip candles and mason jars. Not to mention the owners are always there making you feel like you're a regular even if it's your first time. But Bubba's can do no wrong in my books.  No matter the style you like there are plenty of options for you. This night I had the burger. Holy crap. Made from scratch, juicy and medium. Win, win, win. It was so big, I ended up taking half home. Oh, and don't even get me started on the fries. Cut from scratch fried up and delish. They even make their own sauces (ketchup and ranch included.) I wish my stomach was as big as my eyes because I'd totally have gone for the brownie sundae. But alas, I was too full. On other visits I've had their pulled pork sliders, brisket tacos and tried the ribs. I'm not joking when I say you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Def make the trip to go to Bubba's. I'm positive you won't be disappointed.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,8/14/2014,21,28,5,9,5>FOR DAYCARE ONLY: This place is great.  I kind of want to hang out here with my dog.  The staff is genuinely interested in Roby and tell me how handsome he is (duh) every time I pick him up.  They have indoor and outdoor space, a pool, and staff who seem to give the dogs a lot of attention.Every time I pick my pup up from daycare they assure me that he is happy and well taken care of.  First, he is always exhausted.  Second, they mention something he did that day to let me know they pay attention.  For example: "he played with the big dogs today! his confidence is really improving!"  This is wonderful for me, because I always want to know how my best friend is and what he's doing.  The last time I picked my Robydog up, the owner, Jana, told me that she got some great pictures of him playing.  All I had to do was check out their facebook page and I saw my pooch in several pictures running with the other dogs and jumping with a crazy look on his face.  Nothing makes me happier.I do wish the prices were a little lower, but they are competitive with any other doggie daycare in the area.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/13/2014,39,76,6,4,5>"My only worry is if the tide is gonna reach my chair."As a resident of VA Beach you learn the different atmospheres/vibe of the areas beaches. I live in the Ocean Lakes area so I have a choice of going to Sandbridge or Croatan. I personally love Sandbridge for its low key surroundings. Very clean. Families usually and no riff raff. Dogs are welcome year round as long as they play well with others and for heavens sake, scoop the poop!I travel down a bit to get away from the crowd. Usually near Pike Ln. I like this spot particularly because there is a small board walk that helps in the summer when it's 90+ degrees. Plenty of trash cans and a dog station with "poop" bags. Only complaint is that I wish it had a rinse off shower area....Plenty of free on street parking which is hit or miss. I love that I can come here with a book and just recharge my "batteries". Who can be unhappy @ the beach?!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,8/12/2014,66,117,8,5,4>Dive bar. Straight up,100% true blue collar dive bar. Mullets. Faded torn jeans. Tattoos. People that look like they hate life. People drinking cheap pitchers of beer. People smoking. SMOKING! Two pool tables with worn felt and warped sticks. A refrigerator behind the bar with a shelf full of jello shots. The back door propped open for some fresh air. The mens room door doesn't quite close all the way.  The urinal is placed too close for comfort to the sink without any kind of divider between them. The lighting in here is kinda dark and yet too bright in certain spots.What an awesome place. Slightly dirty, kind of questionable, but a place with character. And cheap drinks. Gotta love it.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,8/11/2014,129,84,4,6,3>This place is great. I was working on a difficult plumbing project, got stumped, and Lowes was no help with PVC parts. I walk in, get immediate service, immediate instructions, and the parts required at better prices then the big chain hardware stores. A plumbing supply business owned & operated by plumbers. I needed a couple parts they didn't have in stock, and they gave me all the info on another business so I could finish my project. Recommended!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,8/10/2014,84,121,3,8,4>Star 1 - Walked through the door and I was immediately greeted by Ang, even while he was busy using his sushi-making skills.Star 2 - A Yelp deal!!Star 3 - The OMG roll. I have to.. OMG this was really good!Star 4 - The sashimi is some of the freshest I've ever had.Star 5 - Beef negimaki. Such a great appetizer.I'd give more if I could. Just do yourself a favor and go here before you go anywhere else for a delicious sushi meal!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,8/9/2014,48,75,3,7,4>This is the first restaurant I have been to that actually makes their own biscuits and gravy and it is SOOOO good. None of that canned stuff that leaves you wondering if  PETA is playing a trick on you because there wasn't any meat to be found. Nope, full on meat chunks in all their delicious glory. Not a drop left on the plates. I love that they offer a half plate for most things as well which is great when ordering for kids.The staff here is more than tops. Always super friendly and they are so kind with my kids. We love going here.I love supporting local businesses and the people (and food) at Hometown Diner make it easy!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/8/2014,118,112,5,7,4>I'm just going to start with... BEST PANCAKES EVER!I'm a pancake lover and the blueberry pancakes at Brandon Kitchen made me fall in love over and over with every bite.I don't know what magic they use to create such goodness but it's definitely good magic.I suppose this place is considered a diner, it is the cleanest diner I have ever been to! Really, it's the first thing my friend and I noticed when we walked in. They also have this breakfast casserole that came with my GIANT delicious omelet that was pretty stellar as well.Brandon Kitchen is a little out of the way for me and probably for most people but I highly recommend stepping out of your mile box to start your day off right with amazing breakfast.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,8/7/2014,99,254,1,7,3>One thing I wish I'd known before I went - Tables are shared with others and it gets loud fast. This isn't the place for a private or intimate conversation.Aside from that, it was a phenomenal experience. I ordered the bean and kale soup (vegan) and a salad. The waiter, John, who I also suspect may be one of the owners, asked if I was open to suggestions and recommended a different salad. (The green one, i think.) I'm so glad I listened to him because it was one of the best salads I've ever had. The ingredients were surprising and unexpected - arugula, fennel, mint, shredded apple, walnuts....it sounded a little weird to me. But it was spectacular with a balance of savory and sweet. The dressing was light and allowed for the flavor of each ingredient to shine through.The soup was - earthy is the best word I can think to describe it. It was hearty, savory, and delicious. They added a thick piece of grilled bread which soaked up a lot of the flavorful broth, but the way in which it was grilled allowed it to stay crisp. It was a really nice balance to the soup.One of the best aspects of the soup aside from its taste - there was a ton of it. I shared both my salad and my soup with my dinner date and still left stuffed.My date initially complained that his sandwich didn't come with a side (so it's worth mentioning for those who expect that sort of thing), but he was forced to acknowledge that the sandwich satisfied him. Sides are sold separately but they're very reasonably priced and are much more inventive than standard sides. It definitely ends up balancing out.Aside from the food being creative and delicious, the other tempting factor about this restaurant is that it's extremely affordable. I was shocked that our tab was so low. We went (accidentally) during happy hour and got a couple of beers, an appetizer, soup, salad and a sandwich for $38 (pre tip)So even though I didn't love the shared tables and the volume - the food, the price, and the overall experience are a 5.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/6/2014,62,168,4,9,5>We did this as a corproate outting with 40 people ranging from 23 to 60ish.  First, is the briefing and gear.  They did an excellent job with getting the harnesses on, fit and snug.  The part I liked was the actual demonstration portion.  They go through all the stations and explain what goes where, where hands go, etc... Plus you have to go through a little demo course to prove you heard what was said.  I felt well prepared as I started my adventure.The only small critique I had was I wish there was a sign at each station in the trees that gives reccomended tips for some of the more complex elements.  While walking across a board is pretty straight forward, placing your feet into free floating triangles can definitely cause some stress!  The obstacles were well maintained and are checked routinely for issues (courses were being closed/reopened throughout the day.  Yellow courses were reasonable for everyone that attended, green had some that required concentration, blue and black diamond is where things get real.  Oddly, the course is more punishing for people who are not average height (e.g. some obstacles are really tough for very short/very tall people!).  Double Black diamond I wouldn't reccomend for anyone but the most extreme, it looked positively terrifying haha.  All that being said, there wasn't a single moment where I didn't feel completely safe even as my foot was dangling off a slim wire.  Not only that, it was very amazing that with all the people there, there was nevery really any waiting to get onto courses!  This is definitely worth your time and one of the more unique experiences that Virginia Beach as to offer.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,8/5/2014,38,86,5,5,3>In my opinion, this restaurant is by far the best Mexican restaurant in Hampton Roads!  Plaza Azteca was great, but when they became a chain, their quality of food took a serious nose dive, which left me looking for a suitable replacement.  Enter El Rodeo.I wish I could actually explain the taste here.  *The chips and white sauce is bangin'!  They don't give you a lot, but definitely ask for more! *The food is bangin'! What do I recommend? Everything except the kids taco (didn't really like that, but 95% of the menu is on point! *The staff.. is bangin'!   They will definitely take care of you! I wish I could go into more detail, but the best thing for you to do is try it out for yourself.  Just DON'T ORDER THE KIDS TACO!  That was pretty bad!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/4/2014,34,152,1,6,5>What a lovely place to go on a lovely day!  Make sure you plan ahead because it's gets busy!  Which is fine by me, I was greeted and helped tremendously by every employee and wasn't rushed when I couldn't decide between one or 21 donuts.  A friend told me you must eat them while hot, so I did, while still delish I do love them after they have cooled.  Different strokes for different folks!  My all time fave is peanut butter with peanuts omg! Then the cinnamon toast. Ducks Donuts and I are besties.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,8/3/2014,83,478,4,3,4>Ok. So it is time for an update. I can safely say I consider myself and my boyfriend a regular here. They know us by name, we know the servers by name, we have favorite tables, we order takeout a few times a week, etc. I've had brunch, I've had lunch, I've had dinner. It's all good. It's all fresh. It's legit.I absolutely love this place. It is my favorite restaurant in all of Hampton roads. I even like it more than Cheesecake Factory and that used to be my go to establishment for eating out. They have specials which are always changing that they allow their chefs to dream up and prepare and they are always phenomenal. They don't even have a microwave here people - that's how good it is. They make their whipped cream for dessert and lattes from scratch. How does it get better!!?  It doesn't. For brunch - their sweet potato biscuits and breakfast potatoes are delicious as are their cheesy grits. But they have yummy pancakes and waffles too. It's all good. At lunch I love their salads and like to get the half salad half sandwich combo. The half salad is a huge portion. I like the Monticello (greens, cranberries, carrots, apple slices, candied walnuts, bleu cheese and homemade balsamic dressing) or the Cuban (lettuce, chickpeas, cucumber, tomato, avocado, plantain chips for crunch and cilantro lime dressing) salads. But they're all good. For dinner - mmmmmm where do I start?  I personally love their starter BLT Naan bread pizza. I also love their BLT wedge salad which is a smaller portion as a starter/app salad but has homemade dressing and is yummy. I also very much like the veggie penne pasta dish which has tons of fresh veggies some amazing Parmesan cream sauce.  I really love the Back Bay Bistro Salad (arugula, mixed greens, tomatoes, cucumber, croutons, goat cheese and mustard vinaigrette). Their Back Bay Bistro Burger is amazing as is the Blackened Shrimp (cajun shrimp plus andouille sausage pilaf with creole sauce) Plus their brownie sundae dessert (huge brownie with caramel drizzle banana slices and ice cream) is soooo good. They bake it when you order so they warn you it takes about 10-15 minutes. Not to mention all the truffles and cupcakes and other goodies inside. Plus their coffee and lattes are the best I've had. It's probably that homemade whipped cream on top. We've also taken plenty of fresh food to go. Which is always packaged well and with care and have tried their to go frozen meals which heat up very well and taste fresh. Plus are easy to cook. The food is fresh and delicious - I've had fresh wheat bread samples at dinner with whipped butter as well as dinner special starters of sweet potato wedges with jalapeño dip (mmmmm), spring rolls, soups of the day and pulled pork dinner specials.  It's all good all the time. You can't go wrong. It's the truth. If you appreciate fresh food from an establishment that really takes pride in what they do. This is the place for you. If not - that's fine too bc that just means more for me! Shout out to my fav servers - Heather and Jordan. You two rock.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/2/2014,69,206,5,3,4>I've seen a lot of tepid reviews about the bar scene and nightlife side of this place, but I'm reviewing the service and food, both of which were stellar. We sat outside on a beautiful night and had some great people watching going on at the outdoor bar and fire pits. Our server was super friendly and immediately told us about the specials and had recommendations for us on both the food and booze sides. Both of my friends tried the mojitos, one pineapple and one mango - both were great! Not too sweet and definitely quality. I had a reliably easy vodka and soda and that's pretty hard to screw up. I will say they have an EXTENSIVE list of gins and vodkas. Love to see that. They had a good selection of oysters, so we started with a half dozen raw oysters and the calamari - both were great. The calamari is as expected, breaded and fried, but with a great breading and a good sweet chili dipping sauce to accompany it. For dinner we had the whole flounder (a special that night), the blackened mahi and the king crab legs. Entrees are pricey ($25-40 range), but you get a ton of food for the price and all of it was delicious. My favorite was by far the mahi - it was blackened with a bit of brown sugar and the sugar caramelized on it when cooked. Ermehgawd, so good. We stuck around to have dessert, I wish we could've taken it over by a firepit, but those things are choice real estate on nice nights and we couldn't seem to find an opening. So we stayed at our table and had the bread pudding and key lime pie. Both were very good - especially the bread pudding. I am already looking for excuses to drag my husband here and make him buy me that mahi.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/1/2014,38,130,2,6,4>WOW!  Local mon and pops place that makes some of the most unique subs and grinders in the area.  Every sandwich is grilled or made fresh right before you. They took sandwiches and put a Korean spin on them. The selection is great! They have everything from chicken wings to loren BBQW sandwiches to authentic meals.  Takes a while, been waiting almost 30 minutes however it was worth the wait. I will be back!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,7/31/2014,35,98,3,5,3>Came here on a Friday evening and it was busy but luckily there was no wait.  If you ever came into this building before when it was a Chinese buffet, it has totally been transformed.  It is now modern, and very clean. At first I wasn't sure what to expect from an all you can eat sushi joint, but I'm so glad I gave it a chance.  You sit down and order anything you want off the menu for one set price.  We started with the gyoza, and seaweed salad.  Both were typical of a Japanese steakhouse. They were enjoyable but not amazing.  We then had the hibachi shrimp with white rice, which came as a small serving but it worked out since we wanted sushi after.  The veggies (broccoli, mushrooms, onions, and zucchini) were all fresh and cooked to perfection. Next onto the sushi.  One word: amazing!  I don't even remember the exact rolls we ordered, but they included soft shell crab,  shrimp tempura, something with crab and mango, and another with fried banana.  Everything was super fresh,  and flavorful.  Don't forget to not only tip your waitress, but also tip your sushi chefs.  They have a little jar on the sushi bar where they are working hard to make all of your intricate rolls.  I can't wait to go back,  especially because I can easily eat my way through a ton of sushi and for only $17, it's an amazing deal!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/30/2014,263,519,4,9,9>My favorite new restaurant! Hands down! I stopped in here with Fred B. a couple of weeks ago. Being my first visit I had no idea they had recently moved into the location, etc... The owner Sean came out and greeted Fred and then introduced himself to me and we were quickly seated at a table. The facility is brand new and impeccably clean. When you enter you see a bar on your left and then booths, with the open kitchen in the back. Then there's another more general dining area on the other side, which is where we were seated. I decided to fully immerse myself in the culture of the meal and when it came time for drinks to be ordered I selected a Jamaican Kola Champagne which tasted like a creme soda. It was very good on a hot summer evening. After going over the menu I had a tough time narrowing things down. There are so many good looking choices here. I ended up selecting the Curry Shrimp with Rice and told them to make it hot. I have to say that I was not prepared for the steak platter of wonderful that appeared before me a short time later. There were I think 7 large butterflied shrimp on a bed of rice and vegetables. Folks this is food perfection and Sean is on top of his game. I ate every last bit of it and frankly being the glutton that I am could have had some more. You have to try this. When we were finishing things up I inquired about a lunch menu and the said that what they normally do for a lunch special is take one of there dinner entree's and make a lunch sized portion and price. That works for me. I haven't been back for lunch yet... But I will be... Soon.... Very soon...
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2014,7/29/2014,29,248,4,7,6>Excellent pizza!We just went in on a saturday afternoon- they had a 10$ 14 inch pizza- any number of toppings-- SCORE! Joe patiently took our order and we chatted while Sean (?) made our pizza. Everyone was so friendly and our order was ready in under 15 min! The Pizzeria is a small location with 2 tables ( mainly a to-go/delivery place). Delivery is free with a 10$ min. Pizza- Our kitchen sink pizza ( a ridiculous amount of toppings) was AWESOME. The crust was light, cheese was enough and pizza wasn't too oily. Only thing i would change, is the crust. It was good, but could have been a bit crispier ( ill ask them to keep mine in the oven longer) :) . They sell standard pizzeria foods + local cheesecake from the caterer beside them. They've only been open 10 weeks, and i wont be surprised if this little place picks up pace, real fast.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,7/28/2014,108,140,4,7,4>Since I came from Kansas and had no idea how to deal with fresh seafood, it was necessary to find a friendly fishmonger so I could ask stupid questions that all the locals probably know. Welton's was the first place we found.We've learned how to clean the softshell crabs, how to make fried oysters, how to prepare fresh scallops, how to prepare all sorts of fish. Any question is greeted with an answer that doesn't make you feel stupid for asking. I shouldn't say this but they've done such a good job, I don't have to go there all the time to get my fish, teach a man to fish and all that. But, it is the place to go to get the best stuff.They take the time to make sure all your filets are the same size, your scallops are all perfect and the best way to prepare each fish you're purchasing. It always makes my day when my wife tells me she went out to Welton's. For my money, it's the best place to go. The product is fabulous and the service is somehow even better.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/27/2014,7/27/2014,34,86,2,7,3>My husband had never been to a hibachi restaurant. Upon discovering this, we decided to gather a group to go for his birthday, because who doesn't like dinner with a show? We were seated as soon as our entire party had arrived. When our grill area filled up (we were seated with one other party), our chef arrived and began doing his showman skills with spatula and knife. Everyone at the table ordered fried rice, so that was the first part of the meal prepared - let's just say that these chefs are pretty talented to be able to throw eggs around without breaking them. I ordered the flank steak, and it was cooked exactly how I requested. The vegetables were very tasty as well. I probably could have stopped eating after the fried rice, but everything just tasted so good!Overall, this was a good place to go for a fun dinner!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/26/2014,80,30,9,10,8>Thank little baby Jesus for this place.  The first time I reviewed this spot, I was a Yelp N00B.  Now that I've taken Yelp Review 101, I wholeheartedly felt that this place deserved a more "chock full" review out of me.  Considering it is, indefinitely, one of my absolute favorite restaurants to eat at.  Jorge, the owner, is amazing for keeping this place alive and maintaining it's undying authenticity.  Now, let's get to the good part.  Shall we?So, as a creature of habit, I'm known around the office as one that "latches on" to certain restaurants.  Yes, I get a wee bit clingy.  This place and I started out pretty casual.  One of my tellers brought me here so we could enjoy lunch.  'Ugh, another cookie cutter Tex Mex joint,' I thought.  Boy, was I wrong.My first meal here was the tamales, along with rice and beans.  They had two types of tamales:  chicken and pork.  I ordered both, don't judge me.  Holy Moses, these things were the real deal.  Slathered with green tomatillo sauce, it was just like being woken up in the sweet Arizonian sunshine once again.Then, it got obsessive.  I started coming every single day.  Once, they let me try the Enchiladas Verdes.  Oh my god, freakin' heaven on sweet, little Earth.  However, the real chaser for me is their Carne Asada.  I like to order it will sautéed onions on top for the perfect juicy touch.  It comes with homemade rice and beans (not that junk from a can).One day, one of their veteran servers made me some horchata (bangin') and fresh pressed cantaloupe juice (ultra bangin').  Please, please, please, if you derive anything from this review, derive this: get one of these.  Dining on a budget?  Check in!  They'll give you a small horchata just for checking in.  And, dear lord, do not forget their "guacamole con queso fresco".  I did not even like guacamole before coming here.  But it's just so incredibly good.  Treat yourself to Jessy's.  Do it.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/25/2014,155,241,4,7,8>We've lived here for more than 2 years now and have driven past this place every single day. My husband, without fail, would say "I have no idea how that place is still here .. It looks scary." So when I suggested we try it out (based on the pretty stellar reviews) he hesitated. He actually said .. "Ok. But not today." hahaI don't know what changed his mind (from when he left the office to his drive back home) but this is where we ended up going for lunch. Walking inside, the place is pretty small and a lot cleaner than what you'd expect. They make everything to order so it does take a little bit of time if there are multiple orders in the que.Now I wasn't sure what to expect but I did hope that my fellow yelpers hadn't just outright lied to me about the goodness of this place. I don't know what they season the meat with but man-o-man that sandwich was TASTY! It has some serious flavor and my husband not adding salt and/or pepper says a lot. Great sandwich. We got the 12" and split it. Because I didn't think a measly 12" sandwich was going to do, I ended up getting 1 gyro, too. The meat was wonderfully seasoned and cut thick. It paired nicely with the veg and sauce. The only (very tiny minor) issue I had was the flat bread seemed to dwarf the rest of the ingredients. It seemed overly thick. Good flat bread. Weird balance.We also got an order of fries. Not much to say about them. Pretty standard fare. The one thing of note regarding the french fries was the sprinkling of kosher salt. That's good eat'n folks.So.. 1) Don't judge a book by it's cover, 2) Kosher salt works just as well on french fries as it does EVERYTHING, and 3) I have no idea what a Philly cheese steak is supposed to taste like but their version was bang'n!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,7/24/2014,70,154,4,6,4>One of my best go to Seafood restaurant. The staff is always so nice and friendly.For Easter Sunday there wasn't any wait so that was cool. But Has the she-crab soup change? I think they added to their recipe, this roasted garlic chips and it just didn't go well with the soup because your eating this chewy little bits of garlic. Anyways as always the food was delicious and the view relaxing.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,7/23/2014,21,240,4,5,9>I must confess, I am kind of a coffee snob.  There is no excuse for a bad cup of coffee.  I grind whole bean coffee, I weigh the amount of coffee, I use 190 degree filtered water, I use an aeropress and a timer...I drink good coffee.  Three Ships Coffee is awesome, a gift from the coffee gods.  I have tried several of their blends and was titillated by each one.  Each had is own unique flavor and characteristics, each was smooth, rich and aromatic,  each sip embraced my soul.  Three Ships Coffee is really cool, with their name tying  into local history, a great looking website and a creative instagram account... Oh, but the coffee, it is really really good, I am very happy to see a local roaster producing such a high caliber coffee.  Do yourself a big favor and seek out Three Ships Coffee and let them embrace your soul with some really kick ass coffee.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,7/22/2014,121,268,3,7,3>Ok, I've been here over a dozen times and I am hooked! The food alone is worthy of a 5 star! Service is always great! Love the intimate atmosphere. Earlier I gave it a 4 based on the small screen rooms. BUT, if you get there 30 minutes early (which you need to do to truly get a chance to check the menu and order food)....you do not have a problem. I always get here 30 minutes early and I sit in my favorite seat (it's a secret...)...and I am good to go! It is my favorite place to go now!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,7/21/2014,166,132,2,6,2>This location for Surfrider  restaurant just opened! Yeah for the Chesapeake Square area.The location is great with plenty of parking. Great booth seats with comfy cushions. Great color schemes. The bar area is coming along nicely. The hostess was excited and her smile cheered us up. Our waitress knew what she was presenting. She knew the menu items and how to pair the appetizer with our entree for the best dining experience. She asked all the right questions to help us select our food.We started with a bowl of SheCrab soup, it was good. Moved on to Calamari,  it was excellent with a wonderful homemade marinara sauce.  Our entree was the Broiled Seafood Platter, it was amazing.  Tasty and plentiful. Cooked to perfection just like the menu said it would be. Yummers!We arrived later in the evening and saw many of our fellow foodies were already there. Cool! The service was amazing.  I will update this review with our waitress' name. Come, eat and enjoy! This location is a gem. The place was packed with happy people and they were not even serving alcohol until next week so you know the food was fabulous! I will come back and update this review. I am excited to see what will happen when they are finished with all the details. Woo Hoo!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,7/20/2014,28,44,4,7,6>This place rocks! I grew up in Baltimore where having a snowball from the local snowball stand was a summer tradition. Since having moved to Virginia, I never really understood why the concept didn't have a following a bit further south. I drove by this place going somewhere else and knew I needed to stop in with the kids. Could this place really fulfill the nostalgia of my childhood? Later that day, the kids and I went for first time and I'm so glad we did. The service was super awesome, the snowballs were exactly like I remember from childhood, and the outdoor games for the kids were awesome! It was even better than the snowball stands of my childhood! Stop by, you will be glad that you did!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,7/19/2014,57,77,1,7,3>This place is quite unique in the fact that it's general location is somewhat "hidden" from the busier areas of Greenbriar.  However, when you manage to find it, I'm sure you'll notice the bit TASTE sign in front of the facility.  Not "Taste unlimited" but just TASTE.  Just like the idea of googling, I'm sure the idea was to create a verb for the whole "vibe" of eating here.First off, the facility.  It's a cheese/wine marketplace combined with places to sit in between.  It has a real rustic feel to it coupled with miscellaneous art on the walls that are for sale.  Very simplistic yet at times (lunch in particular) can get quite loud since the walls just echo all the noise.  However, as a lunch date or business lunch, this place is perfect.  The open atmosphere keeps things simple and not "over the top"Next up is the menu.  The menu is fairly simple - with vegetarian options to boot.  This (of course) is always the kicker for my reviews.  If my wife has to do significant "modifications" to the food, then it's not really aimable for her.  The vegetarian options are quite astounding.  Since TASTE emphasizes on sandwiches and lighter fare - this gives them a lot of flexibility on creating entrees to satisfy the vegetarian lifestyle.  As for myself, I was able to order a nice healthy turkey sandwich that wasn't sickly filling and was very fresh.  They were a bit light on the dressing and would've preferred a little bit more but overall simple and effective.  Take note that when you look at the menu, everything is ala carte.  So if you want chips to go with your sandwich, order away.There are beer/wine selections to the right when you enter the facility.  Take a moment to browse these as they seem to highlight a lot of local breweries and wineries.  I found the Alewerks beer from Williamsburg and was very delighted on how glorious the beer I had was.  I plan to visit there sometime soon.  =)The staff here must be told to highlight customer service.  There wasn't a single person on staff who wasn't eager to help or rather polite.  It's this type of service that makes many want to come back.Overall, this is definitely a simplistic favorite where the food and service shine.  The only recommendation I would ever give would be to potentially add some decorative sound deadening walls to help eliminate how loud this place can get during the busier hours.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/18/2014,30,37,2,9,2>What a great new addition to City Center! My Pi is located with an entrance inside the new Paragon 12 as well as an exterior entrance and you can take to-go orders home, inside the theater or to be enjoyed on the patio.  My Pi gives you plenty of "favorite" options for your personal Pizza combination or the option to create your own - ranging from $7.50-$9 these Pizzas are not only a great deal, but are enough food to be split comfortable by 2 people.  They also serve beer (served in to-go cups so you can enjoy at your movie)My Pizza was delicious and perfectly cooked, I know I'll be back again soon for my next pizza craving!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/17/2014,34,79,11,10,4>AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW SHUCKS NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IDK how in the world I managed not to review this cute lil in the cut spot!So about 5 years or so I was invited to a going away party here. Got the address, put it in the GPS and got lost - beyond lost trying to find this place. Drove round and round and then I saw it in the middle of a shopping plaza thingy.I love this place so much! I've never had a bad experience with my food or the wait staff. It's not very big in here, so depending on when you go, you will be waiting. Especially if you show up late for brunch. I've never sat on the patio, although patio seating is really my thing - this patio is enclosed. They have an extensive mixed drink menu, I'm particularly fond of the grape nehi and another drink that is made with kalua and espresso. Typically I get the shrimp, fish or oyster po boy and BOY that roll is packed full of seafood-y goodness - YUMMY. Something else that is on my ALL TIME favorites is the Chesapeake Burger (y'all know I love a burger!) it's a jumbo cheeseburger topped with lump crab meat sprinkled with a 2 and a half dashes of old bay seasoning. A moment of silence, please. Okkkkk and I'm back! I get the hushpuppies and they are SWEET mounds of fried cornmeal deliciousness that are served with a sweet butter spread, LAWDAMERCY!!!!!!!! Please do yourself a favor and yelp your way here like soon.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/16/2014,83,62,5,8,7>I've been craving some good Vietnamese food since Pho Hung closed over the holidays, and from what I've been seeing from other Yelpers they've been talking about this spot. I finally got a chance to try it out for myself and I now I'm a happy fan.First thing's first, this place is nice - very nice. Not to knock Pho Hung and Jimmy but that spot was a dump. Albeit, that building already existed when Jimmy opened Pho Hung there, but it was a dingy spot. I didn't mind it because they kept it as clean as possible and they put out some awesome food. Van, the owner of Miss Saigon, put up a very nice spot that is seemingly clean in every corner. I can never complain about that and that just means I can sit back and relax.I got a vermicelli dish with egg rolls and pork, I believe. It was delicious and was prepared fairly quickly. To be fair when I came in there were no other customers but it's still nice to get your order quickly. But in regards to the food, it was delicious. I love a good rice vermicelli dish and this didn't disappoint.  Also, as a standard order I did have the spring rolls. It was fantastic. As for the staff, they are as nice as the building they're in. They're so nice that Vann's son is on point when it comes to service. There was another Yelper who talked about Vann's son in his review and I'm proud to back up his assertion that many adults out there could learn a thing or two from him. I didn't actually see Vann's son the first time out because I went during school hours but I took my parents here the following week and he was up and at 'em. He rocked a shirt and tie, was very polite and even coached my mom on how to eat the dish she ordered. He follows after his dad because he, too, is very polite, is great at conversation and tutored me on how to eat my rice vermicelli dish. And just to make me feel old and dumb, Vann's son is only eleven and he can speak both English and Vietnamese. English is actually his second languge... yeesh, haha.I've been here twice in a week and I have nothing but good things to say about this establishment. My search for a new Vietnamese spot is now complete, and if they keep up the outstanding food quality with the top-notch service then they'll be around for awhile... and I'll be there enjoying my vermicelli.  JV
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/15/2014,533,177,22,29,30>Yesterday was my first visit to Colley Cantina.  It won't be my last.I first noticed a cool decor with bright colors and great art work.  I then noticed the friendly staff and was greeted warmly.Alli was our server and she is great!  Friendly and on her game and also has a great sense of humor.Upon perusing the menu - I was taken aback.  There were so many great sounding dishes - I wanted to order 2 of everything and told Allii that and she asked what sides I wanted with that.Got the Calamari and it was beautiful and delicious.We got Fish tacos and Shrimp tacos and a dog wrapped in bacon.  All of the food was amazing and delicious and looked like it should be dipped in polyurethane and hung on the wall - a work of art.The beer was cold and there are a lot of choices.  I have now found a new favorite place to go have fun and great food and be surrounded by great vibes, smiles and cold ones.Oh - I can not finish this review without mentioning Christine.  First I noticed she had amazing ink.  Then I saw she had a great smile and personality.  The staff here is not only cool but they add a lot to the dining experience.I have added photos from my visit.  I hope to get more soon.  (food beer and photos)This place is a gem on Colley Ave!!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,7/14/2014,13,167,10,12,6>I've been hearing really good things about this place and was pretty excited to get a chance to try out their pizzas.  I was there around 6PM so all of the bread and pastries were sold out - a good sign.  I imagine if you want some of their baked goods you better rise out of bed early.  On to the pizza ...If you're like me, you think most of the pizza in the greater Norfolk area sucks (aside from Cogan's - but they are hit or miss).  In steps in these guys with their fancy schmancy wood-fired brick ovens coupled with their organically friendly mom and pop style service.  How dare you tempt the area's hips and thighs with your bangin' ass pizza pies!?I had the 10" pepperoni and it was perfect for one - though I could envision the larger sizes on a more gluten-ous day (see what I did there?).  The crust was excellent.  Kinda chewy, kinda burnt and rustic, kinda awesome.  The cheese, sauce, and pepperoni were certainly muffin to shake your head at.  I'm on a roll.Can't wait to return to try some of their other stuff.  A very welcome addition to Norfolk.  Thanks to places like this, we are getting cooler by the minute!  You knead to come here.  Had to get that last one in.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2014,7/13/2014,62,212,,4,3>People say this place is off the beaten path...but if you are down in Sandbridge, it's actually off the main road leading in to the beach front community. It is unsuspecting though. You wouldn't think much of it if you based your opinion off the way the building looked, but once you get inside and sit down, you'll see why this place is liked by so many. There are lots menu options but the best option (in my opinion) is the Tidal Wave. It's basically a HUGE platter full of snow crab kegs, steamed and spiced Shrimp, mussels, oysters, clams, scallops, crab cakes, fish fillets, french fries, oh..and broccoli. There is a minimum of 4 people for this, but they can accommodate up to 100 (according to the menu). It is $29.99 per person, but there is so much food and it's fresh and tasty. I wish I had worn my sweat pants. The four of us chowed down until we couldn't chow any more. There was still so much food leftover, I felt bad letting it go to waste. Next time we go, we are bringing 2 more people and ordering for 4 (apparently you can do that).
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/12/2014,100,82,6,7,5>I usually try to come here at least once or twice a month. I've been here a long time ago when they didn't have the extension. I've seen this place come a long way and it's one of the hottest pizza spots in VB! I usually come here at night after work around 9-midnight. This place closes at 3 AM great for those who need their late night pizza cravings fulfilled. I love getting the deluxe garlic knots & cinnamon knots for appetizers (even though it's dessert hehe). Their fries are delish too! For pizza: their brothers specialty pizza and spicy chicken ranch always hits home. I've tried their very spicy inferno sub. It was packed with tons with jalapeños and cheese so good! But definitely had to recuperate after that one.If I just want a slice, I do their 2 slice special (I believe it does come with a drink) but I usually get water. I always get either the spinach, steak, or eggplant. I never stray from these.This place has happy hour everyday starting at 4! I haven't gotten a try since I come too early too late for it. Brothers is a family owned place. Everyone that works here is familiar for the most part. I always get the same servers and their very nice! There will be days will it may be a little busy and they can't attend to you right away but this place for the most part is overflowing with business and should be continued to be supported. Their crust is simple and something about how they prepare their dough should be kept a secret for everyone to enjoy. It's reminiscent of New York style pizza with a VA twist. I love it! And will be a costumer for life here at Brothers!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,7/11/2014,124,171,5,6,7>Easy going...chillaxing.  I attended the festival on Friday and Saturday.Now Friday in my opinion is for those that want to attend but without the hustle and bustle of the crowd, traffic, and long lines for food.  But that takes the fun out of it all.If you are like me, I love crowds and energetic folk just walking around living life with huge smiles on their faces!!!  Now that's a Boogaloo just waiting to happen :)Saturday's festivities were in full swing.  I arrived about 6pm and it was already crowded...loved it!!I was super lucky to find parking on the street so parking costed me... zero coins/dollars!!  However, if you are unlucky they do charge $5 for event parking in the surrounding parking garages.Don't forget your lawn chair, blanket or cushion because if you aren't lucky to grab a seat on one of the 10 or less benches in the park you are gonna wanna sit at some point.  Now unless you are a party hearty person and don't mind walking around and grooving the entire time...no seat is needed (I didn't need a seat either :))I was lucky to snag VIP tickets for this event ($75 per person).  Even though I didn't pay for them (I won them through a Yelp Contest...go me!!!!) it was well worth it!  If you plan on drinking and eating...then VIP is the way to go!  The ticket included: entrance into the park, enhanced views of the main stage, complimentary drinks (beer, wine and a southern comfort drink...unlimited), finger foods and snacks (fried fish, hot sausages with peppers served on a bun, spicy rice, hushpuppies, chips...unlimited), large tent, stand up tables (very few), limited seating, and a private restroom trailer.  The works pretty much.  I left the festival full and happy!!!Music acts performed on 2 stages.  However, I only saw acts on the main stage and they all were great.  There was even a parade of umbrellas that marched through the lawn audience...so awesome!! From the looks of people, they had a great time!  Some more than others...dancing out of their seats, dancing with the children and some folk right in front of the stage with their drink in one hand and the other hand in the air...just grooving to the sounds!!There are vendors from all over that come out to this event.  Some vendors are more expensive than others...but it's a festival so just keep in mind to spend wisely.They have activities for the children.  Also the Rad Hatter was there...everyone (all ages) came to the tables and decorated their own hat (paper bag) and wore it proudly (so did I)!!I really enjoy this festival every year.If you love good music, a good time, good eats...you should definitely stop on in.  Tickets are $10 but $20 for a 3 day pass (Fri-Sun).  Also if you go on Friday before 5pm it is free...money saver indeed!Have fun!!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,7/10/2014,57,40,1,10,2>My second time here and it's still great as my first!!  It gets pretty busy so be prepared to wait for about 30 minutes or so depending how big your party is.  The wait isn't bad though considering the amazing food you are about to consume.  While you wait you could always hang out by the bar area and grab a few drinks.  The drinks are strong and awesome!  I think I had two drinks while waiting and I enjoyed both of them.  It is strong by the way so be careful in how much you drink.  I ordered the Pique a Lo Macho for my meal.  Beware!  It is spicy for those that are sensitive to spicy foods.  No worries though!  They have a mild version of it as well to satisfy your taste buds.  The steak was cooked to perfection!!  It was cooked to my liking, and it was tender and juicy!  Save room for dessert because you have to try the flan!!  I'm picky with my flan and I love their version of it!!!  It has the perfect consistency and it has a vanilla taste to it.  It just melts in your mouth and I would honestly just come back to eat it.  I would definitely come back and try their tomales next time or maybe something different.  I could see myself coming back here again in the next few weeks again.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,7/9/2014,96,146,3,6,4>Well the time came and I got to have a taste of this location. Sure it was during restaurant week , so keep that in mind during my review. The location itself is very nice inside, lots of space, private rooms, clean, and will kind of shock you when you walk in with how large it is. The service was very good, considering it was very busy , it took about 45 mins for our food to be plated after ordering off the restaurant week menu, much like every one around us was. Minor hiccups included not being asked if we wanted something besides water to drink but again, it was very busy. The food , each item, from the lumpia to the wedge salad, to the Cheesy grits tasted wonderful. Hearty flavors that I was very happy to consume. I came with 3 of my co workers and they also enjoyed themselves and said they would be back. As my main dish i ordered the braised short rib, the portion was very very tiny, don't get me wrong... i know its restaurant week, but this was like... a 2 Bite portion... maybe, That being said, the flavor was excellent, it was fork tender, but for me the highlight was the cheesy grits that came with it. I also sampled some other items, the Fries,  someones roll... all tasted great. The main thing I took away from this lunch is, I want more. This is the whole point really to go, experience a taste of it and come back for seconds. I shall be back to this location for a full size meal and expect it to be excellent.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,7/8/2014,11,53,,4,3>Love Sandy bottom. Its in a good location off of Hampton Roads Center park way. You can picnic, kayak, canoe, paddle board and many more out door activities. Kayaking is about $4 for an hour and totally worth it. They also have play grounds and an indoor nature information center with some of the local insects, snakes and various other animals/reptiles from around the lake/park area. If you have little ones I totally recommend for a little outing.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2014,7/7/2014,171,233,1,9,2>-3.5 Stars-Ramen in Hampton Roads. It's sad that it's such a new concept when there's tons of diversity in the area. I gotta admire the guys at Alkaline for pushing this thru and I think the way they go about it is pretty clever. Pop-up restaurant! This is usually the kind of thing you see on the Food Network, but we have our very own pop-up restaurant going on. This one is at the Cutting Edge by Sam's Club. My family and I tried this place out right when it opened for the night since I hear the place fills up quickly. We get seated at a long table and our waitress gives us a heads up that she might seat some more people at our table since there's room. A couple did end up sitting at the other end of the table, but we had a healthy distance so it didn't feel like they were intruding. Menus are served on clipboards covered in cartoons/anime. My little bro enjoyed reading that. There's some music that plays in the background and normally, I wouldn't comment on it. This place had some screaming type music going on at times. Just not my cup of tea.Our waiter knew we were new to this whole concept and gladly explained how everything works. He did a great job describing the food to what we knew i.e. the fish cakes are comparable to crab cakes, etc. After watching tons of restaurant improvement shows, I can say he did a great job "selling the food." We'd order an entree and he'd make sure if we wanted to get an appetizer with it or not.Food.-Fried Congee: Probably my favorite app of the night.It's fried, but not oily and pretty light food. The sauce comes with a kimchi marinara that can be on the spicy end, depending how you handle your spiciness.-Smoked Fish Cakes: It is like a crab cake, but instead of crab, there's tilapia. I wasn't a fan of this one. After biting it, you do get a sense of spice building up in your mouth for a while. Maybe I'm not big on the whole smoked aspect?-Ramen! I got the tonkotsu/pork broth with additions of pork belly and soft boiled egg. Here lies why I'm not giving this place 4-5 stars... My ramen noodles felt like they needed to be cooked longer. The pork belly I got tasted like char. Again, maybe I'm just not cut out for these smoked items. My broth tasted almost too salty. Overall, I kept comparing the Ramen to my experiences with Pho and I was missing the Pho. I think I will have to try a different broth the next time.I think there's some great promise to this place. It's a new concept in the area and a great alternative to Pho places if they fine tune some stuff. Maybe some food aspects would be way better if they had their own permanent place to develop it more. I really hope more places like this push the envelope in providing a greater variety of food in the area.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/6/2014,114,446,2,4,3>My favorite place to get a cake or desert. Their almond cake is the BES! But everything else is wonderful! I love the cream filled horns!  Cookies rock!  Everything I've had is great! Usually crowded but all that means is that they are scrumptious! Yum, yum, YUMMY!
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,7/5/2014,105,151,,4,2>I'll be the first to tell you that I'm a big Reginella's fan. Sure there are downsides to the location; it's can be a bit noisy inside and it sports an open kitchen, but I think that adds to the "divey" goodness of this spot. Vinny runs a great little joint here and the food is very good.I frequented this place so much that when I decided to get married about seven years ago, I chose Reginella's as the place for my rehearsal dinner. Both of our families really enjoyed the dinner and the service was phenomenal also.If it's dinner time when I come I like to get the spaghetti carbonara. That is one of my favorite Italian entrees and they make a very tasty one here. If it's lunch time I find myself ordering a chicken parmesan sub. I could eat this sandwich over and again. It's done very well and the chicken parm itself is delicious! It's hard to find good Italian, but this is one of my favorites in Virginia Beach. Give it a try!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/4/2014,50,105,4,4,5>We came back after a brief absence from the area to get our Filipino food fix, and it was as yummy as I recall.  I had pancit and sinigang (a beef and vegetable soup) which totally hit the spot, as I'd been feeling ill lately.  My DH had adobo and SPAM fried rice, which was the bomb. I was so jealous I'm thinking about going back for spam fried rice tonight :-)Mariam's - you still rock!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,7/3/2014,55,131,2,7,4>In Hawaii there is Tango, in Virginia there is Dish. I had this great idea that we should go check Dish out after I read on their menu that they had pea soup, not that I wanted to eat it .. but I figured that any restaurant that would put pickled herring and pea soup on their menu is worth a visit. We went on Good Friday, so the place wasn't crowded at all. Was seated right away and started guessing who were Swedish or not. We started off with their Skagen which is shrimps, onions, dill, sour creme mixed and served on a lightly toasted piece of bread. It was delicious! For main course we decided on Tunnbrods rulle, a wrap filled with mashed potatoes, hot dogs (with crispy skin) ketchup and spicy mustard. On the side there was a little bit of "boston gurka" which is basically a Swedish relish. If you have ever been to Sweden, or know anyone from Sweden, they will talk to you about the Tunnbrods rulle, mainly because it is so freaking good. It is yummy, filling, messy ... basically everything that a meal should be.  We decided to not to dessert this time, because we were both pretty full. But they looked pretty good from what we saw. The service was great, the food was great, the Swedish-ness was great .. AND they sell Swedish things in one corner of the restaurant, perfect for those days when I am craaaving Swedish candy.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,7/2/2014,119,199,7,3,8>Due to a scheduling glitch, the Holiday Speed Dating Event in Suffolk was postponed until sometime in January, leaving me some time on my hands.  In an effort to better my odds at the Speed Dating Event, my self-inventory of strengths and weaknesses showed a glaring weakness in 'Cultural Awareness.'  I'd heard about this fancy new venue smack dab in the middle of Virginia Beach, why not give it a try?  A quick look of their website showed that I was in luck, tonight they were having a special Karaoke Christmas Event, an outfit called Handel doing their Messiah Sing-Along.  That DJ name rang a bell, maybe I saw him at a dive bar in Hatsboro during their Karaoke night.  In any case, it was free and open to the public, plenty of free parking in the garages surrounding in Town Center, what's not to love?  A warm and dry place to hang out while listening to the locals sing along to 'Don't Stop Believing' and other chestnuts.The Sandler Center for the Performing Arts is a gorgeous, well planned out venue implemented perfectly.  If anything is confusing in the slightest, the well trained staff is there in abundance to lift the fog and get the patron on his merry way.  Since this was a free event without tickets, I asked one of the vest adorned guides if there were any particular seating restrictions.  In return, she asked me if I was a Bass or a Tenor.  Not wanting to appear as some sort of culturally deprived surf punk, I smiled and said, 'Yes.'  Screw it, I'll figure it out for myself.  Upon entering the main hall itself, one cannot help but pause for a second and take it all in.  To see this majestic venue, high wood adorned ceilings, comfortable and inviting seating, perfect acoustics, located right here in the middle of Town Center, less than 10 miles away from the Alien Pod Dropped from Space known as Scope, well, let's just say that serious progress has been made in the last 20 years or so.If there are any complaints at all, chalk it up to 'stranger in a strange land.'  Through my travels, I found that every place has their own rules for Karaoke Night, Sandler Center is no different.  I couldn't find The Book or slips of paper where I could jot down my song selection and name, nor could I see the sign saying who was up and who was up next.  My guess is that all of this is somehow taken care of well in advance, because when the band came to take their seats (yep, this was the real musician brand of Karaoke.  I'd call it Rockaoke but I think that may be a registered trademark), there were also extra chairs in front for 4 regulars:  Billy BY, Robynne R, Frederick B, and Andrew P (I love how nobody on Yelp has last names! ) who were in heavy rotation by DJ Handel.  No big deal, though, because they nailed it!  I really wanted to sing along to 'Rejoice Greatly, O Daughter of Zion' and 'O Thou That Tellest Good Tidings' but it wasn't in my key and I didn't hear anybody else singing along.  Maybe that is another house rule or something.  Towards the end of the Karaoke Night, Handel must have felt sorry for us so he had his assistant get us to all stand up and sing a song together.  No words were projected on the screen or anything like that, but I did see that a good share of the locals brought along their own songbooks, I'll remember that fact the next time so I don't stand out so much.  In my personal opinion, though, 'Don't Stop Believing' fit perfectly with those Hallelujah things that everybody else was warbling.Armed with the cultural knowledge that is Sandler Center for Performing Arts, Speed Dating Night at the Suffolk Comfort Inn and Suites may never be the same....
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,7/1/2014,31,70,1,6,6>A legend. Best dogs & chili in town. Any local can tell you that Tony's is THE Dog Place! Hotdogs, soda, coffee, & chips. That's it. And here's a little advice: Never, ever, ever, ever, ask for ketchup on your dogs! You will promptly be directed to the closest Hardees. Dogs are rolled on the grill by hand. Payment is by cash only. The kind of dogs that snap when you bite them! Best hotdog chili...no comparison!They are somehow related to the Tony's on Lafeyette in Norfolk. I believe a divorce settlement resulted in a one for you and one for me deal.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/30/2014,77,61,,5,2>I had the pleasure of volunteering here and am happy to see that another great trail exists in Hampton Roads. I was actually a little confused because you have to go through some residential areas to get there, but it is quite spacious and secluded where it is.This site covers about 140 acres, unless I am misquoting, so it's pretty spacious for a good walk through nature. There is a 1 mile trail that circles a lake (Lake Ballard). There is all kinds of wildlife that resides in this watershed area, but I wasn't able to see much of it since we are still on the tail-end of winter. It also has a some shoreline, abuts a creek, has 5 trails, and hosts some seasonal kayaking. I also noticed that they have a pavilion, which I assume can be used to host an event or gathering, but that is an assumption.I highly recommend stopping in to check this venue out. I know I will be making some more appearances as the weather gets better.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,6/29/2014,64,171,6,5,2>Indian food is my favorite.OK, food is my favorite.Yesterday was my Birfday.  Please don't everyone bombard me with Happy Birfdays at once.  I keed.  I keed.I decided to treat myself to Indian "boofay" at Rajput in Norfolk.  Since I was considerably impressed by the "boofay" in Suffolk, I said "eff" it" and stopped in for a bite.....or 238 bites.Two plates worth of deliciousness.I had to dig around the buffet bowls a bit for the chicken, but it was really good.  They had lentils on the line which I have yet to see in Suffolk.  They were outstanding over the rice.  Like melt in my mouth goodness.Only complaint is that I really wish the norm for buffet food was extra super duper spicy.  Come on people! Put your big girl panties on!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/10/2014,6/28/2014,79,115,,6,2>My boyfriend and I were in the mood for some Greek food, so we opted to try this place out since we are typically in the area. It wasn't busy at all, and we were able to place our order right away. We both got the original gyro platters with potatoes. The food was good, but not better than other Greek restaurants I have been to. Although the lamb was cooked to perfection, it was served in much thicker slices than I am used to. Both the potatoes and lamb were also very greasy. Their tzaziki sauce was more watered down. I did like their salad with feta cheese, my fave (although I wish the cheese was crumbled up). The waitresses were nice. This place has so much potential! This was a quick visit, nothing too special. I'm not sure if I would come again, but the food was good for the price.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2014,6/27/2014,129,351,1,7,4>Being a whiskey connoisseur and a foodie it didn't take much convincing for my wife and I to meet friends at Whiskey Kitchen / gastropub. Ambiance: Décor is a modern rustic with plenty of seating inside and out making it a great place to meet friends for a drink. Bar: I was hoping that being a whiskey bar they'd have a good choice of whiskey, scotch and bourbon with my personal whiskey favorite (at least for last few months) Dalwhinnie...but no. In fact the whiskey selection wasn't much more than what can be found at a good quality restaurant in Hampton Roads and less when compared to similar liquor specialty bars like 80/20. I actually don't remember seeing some mainstay favorites of whiskey lovers like Jameson, Tullamore Dew or Scotch's like Laphroaig, Macallan, Glenfiddich. However, they did have Hudson, which I settled on and a few whiskies that were new to me. That said if you're a beer drinker, which I'm not, I think you'll be pleased because it seemed to me they had a larger variety of beers than whiskey. Service: I can't comment on how long the wait would've been for a table because the others were already seated when we arrived. What I can tell you is that despite the place being full our server kept checking on our table and was very professional. Even when our group finished our meals we weren't rushed off. Everyone felt comfortable staying seated and enjoying a few drinks together. Meal: The menu is a little limited, which would be fine if they mastered everything on the menu but that wasn't the case. It was average Burgers with a good Chimichuri Steak. Cleanliness: Good. In spite of the large crowd the tables and chairs/booths were wiped down and restrooms clean. Overall: This is a great choice to meet for casual conversation, watching a game or just getting drinks. However if you're coming for dinner or whiskey's you could be a little disappointed. I know it's a new gastropub and will improve over time but for now it's just A-OK so I give it 3 Stars.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2014,6/26/2014,163,183,1,7,2>Spankin' New! Shiny, clean reclining seats! Oooo! Ahhhhh! Beware, seating are assigned, so grab your tickets wayyyy early to get the "love seat" chairs with foot rests and tray tables. Price is about average (11bucks - 14.50 for 3D films), if you get it online there's also a dollar surcharge. They offer Military, Student and senior discount though! Oh and $8 matinee. They have 2 large screens and the rest are your typical small theater style. They do NOT serve you at your seat, so its up to you to grab your booze at the NEO bar or your popcorn stuffs at the concessions. Free parking across the street, also fills up pretty fast on weekends. Aside from that, nothing really special here, just another theater. Good quality dolby sounds and movie started on time. Oh, one cool thing, they show you the trailer start time and when the lights will dim from the board near the concessions. So you know how much time you have left to run to the restrooms before heading to your seats.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/25/2014,76,81,,6,3>My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! We came here for lunch, during restaurant week, but looking at the prices, it's not that much different. For our appetizer we ordered the Asian chicken noodle soup and the oysters! The oysters were fantastic! The sauce was so good, I wanted to get another order. The Asian chicken noodle soup was good too! It was so flavorful, and had a ton of ingredients, which my boyfriend loved. As for our entree, I ordered the smoked pork belly sandwich, and he ordered the Korean BBQ sandwich. I thought my sandwich was Better than his, but both were very good. I must add that the fries that come with the sandwiches is really good as well! I love how this place has a twist on Asian dishes! We are definitely excited to come back and try other things.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,6/24/2014,48,178,1,5,3>After one of our brunch spots stopped their brunch earlier than usual this past Sunday, my boyfriend & I picked Guad's for our Sunday cheat meal. We had passed it a few times in the past month when we were in the area & one of his coworkers had recommended it before.  I'm happy we stopped in!We were the only ones around 2 besides some patrons sitting at the bar, more people started coming in around the time we left. Our server greeted us with a smile & told us to sit wherever we would like. He immediately asked if we would like a margarita. He must have been a mind reader ;-). I ordered a jumbo on the rocks with salt & my bf was pleased to see El Guapo on tap. Chips & salsa/white sauce were then brought out & the salsa was fresh & tasty. They have a large menu, but I was craving my usual order of chicken chimichangas. Mine came out in a cool little ball of carbs, cheese, & chicken. MMM yum. My boyfriend went with a burrito that was ginormous. He shared a bite before scarfing his down, & the shredded pork in his was super tender. They have daily lunch specials til 3pm & daily happy hour til 7pm. I love this & get annoyed when other places don't have the same specials on the weekends. This 9-5'r loves a deal too ya know!Good job Guads!!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,6/23/2014,52,17,3,4,3>My breakfast might not be your norm but hands down the best breakfast place around for the price! Waffles with strawberries & ice cream- Fooooodddddgasssmmmm!Scrambled eggs with hot sauce- just the way I like it.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,6/22/2014,44,61,5,7,5>So we went last Friday.   Spur of the moment to the tides game.  Don't go Humphrey because it can get pricy.  They have Mexican.  Nachos are huge.  Unit pizza.  Plenty of hot dogs and of course beers.   Tix are 14$ for great seats.   This is a bargain.   We had a blast.  Unfortunately no fireworks.   Which is an added bonus.   Pawtucket Red Sox.   Seeing that I am from bean town the nite could not have been bettah.  Usually root for tides though.  U can not beat AAA baseball.  Go and have a ball.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,6/21/2014,59,189,,7,3>I had the corned beef hash skillet which was pretty massively amazing, except it seemed like it was just one egg as opposed to two.  And trust, it needed two.  I mean, there was a mountain of home fries, topped by a mountain of the hash, and then there was the measly egg scattered about...but with lots of cheese.  It was good, nonetheless.  Just a bad ratio.The bread pudding, however, was THE BEST EVER.I will return exclusively for that.  Breakfast can wait.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/20/2014,27,66,3,4,3>Delish! Husband and I tried it because of the great reviews and I was not mislead. I had the braised duck in beer which had a great taste but be careful of the bones. My husband had the pepper lamb stir fry which was amazing. We will be back to try more on the menu. I loved that they had so many options and the staff was very helpful in helping us choose our food. This place is definitely off the beaten path but it is so worth the trip.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,6/19/2014,22,99,2,7,3>Tonight, I was in the mood for having some Chinese food, as I haven't done it in a while.  I had heard about this place opening a few weeks ago, so I decided to give it a try.  I was not disappointed here.The ambiance is definitely more upscale, but the prices are not for the food.  The dining area was very inviting.  I didn't really know much about this Peter Chang until I came in tonight.  Seating was immediate, but that was likely since I got there around 5 pm.  After the meal, the place was full.This place is definitely different from any other type of Chinese food place I've been.  This is definitely a more authentic Chinese restaurant.  Many other Chinese restaurants in the area, as indicated by others, is "Americanized", while this place was not.  Everything was completely fresh.For an appetizer, I started with the spring rolls, after confirming there were no mushrooms in them (I have an allergy to them).  They came out in just a few minutes and they were very good.  You could taste that they were freshly rolled and cooked..  This is a far cry from the quick-serve Chinese restaurants, where they seem to have been pre-purchased and just cooked as ordered.  For the entree, I had the General Tso Shrimp.  This entree was delicious.  The meal comes with your choice of rice as well.  This entree was really good.  The Tso sauce goes very well with the shrimp and broccoli and that also comes with it.  When I first got it, I thought it was small, but quickly realized it was larger than I thought.  There were ten jumbo sized shrimp.  The only thing I think they could do better was that the entree wasn't that spicy, and I like things on the spicy side.  :)I also learned a few things about this Peter Chang, who was actually in the restaurant tonight.  I found out that Peter Chang's "home base" is going to the be location here at Landstown, so he'll be at this location more than any of the others.  Also, he is planning to open three more restaurants in this area as well, including at Town Center Virginia Beach.I would definitely recommend that you try this location out.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/18/2014,509,292,1,7,6>I am in love with this place. My girlfriends recently held a surprise birthday party for me at Mermaid Factory and I could not have asked for a better day. Its like one of those places you paint pottery, sans the pots and kiln. Its Mermaids only. They have paint, glitter, sand, rocks, shells, moss, you name it, they have it so you can customize your own undersea princess. Everything dries extremely fast, so you walk away with your mermaid the same day, in a nice box, packaged perfectly. My friends were able to set up a table with hor d'oeuvres, cake, WINE and we had our own little private party while letting our creativity flow. Its $22 per person. All the extras are about $.50-$1.00 each so you end up spending about $30 after its all said and done. I loved the way mine turned out and since I am slightly obsessed with mermaids, I will probably go back to paint and add to my collection. The girls that worked there were really helpful and its in Ghent, so ill take any excuse to spend time in that neighborhood. Not only did I walk away with a fantastic piece of my own art, but I bought a few pieces of mermaid memorabilia for my daughter and Christmas tree. They sell REALLY cute stuff! Absolutely recommend this place if you have nothing to do or want something different to entertain.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/17/2014,37,327,,4,3>We like frozen custard.  Found this place when we moved back to the area a few years ago.  They make the 'concrete' which is a base flavor and toppings mixed in.  You can also just get a flavor and toppings on top.  It's all outdoors, but they have a drive through.  We hadn't been in awhile and I will say this last visit the custard was different.  More air perhaps?  But we like the outdoor feel, and the staff are all very friendly.  Mostly teens.  We aren't as close to this place as before, so don't go as often.  But if we like it.  I just hope we had an off day this last visit or I will change my review. Until now it's been amazing!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,6/16/2014,31,57,5,4,4>Oh handsome biscuit, however am I to rate you less than a 5...It's been a long road coming to try this place out. It has been talked, pointed, and planned and the day finally came!On a nice cool Tuesday afternoon, me and the lady walked all the way here. We were ready to try what our eyes have feasted with Yelp pics and the house made sodas.The first up, the Dill Na Na ordered by the bday lady! Nice frittata in a strata (they call it egg), dill mayo, clumps of arugula and just deliciousness all around topped and bottomed by delicious sweet potato biscuit! Brunch party in mouths!!Second in line, Mr. Close Love may just make love in people's mouths...uhhmmmm.. Roast pork (shoulder), mustard, and a cucumber between two sweet potato biscuits to "hold it." This was pretty damn good, something about it made me want to order it even when not the hugest fan of mustard. The roast pork was just delicious, cooked well and soft!So, they accidentally messed up when there. I'm pretty chill about those things, and the guy approached us with a cookie apologizing for the mistake before I even realized there was something wrong. Besides all the other service, this topped the amazing service. The cookie had nuts, I hate nuts, but damn did I munch on it because of the ooey gooey chocolate ways that cookie had.This place was delicious!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/15/2014,40,107,5,5,7>Dear Citrus,Hey. Um. I'm not the type of woman who apologizes (mostly because I'm a woman and am always right), but in this case, I owe you one.I'm so sorry for not stopping by sooner.It shouldn't have taken an appearance on Diner's, Drive-ins, and Dives for me to notice you, but I'm glad it happened. Your french toast was amazing. Truly. & the fact that the super-friendly server was more than happy to tweak our orders to our exact specifications (signature citrus glaze on the side, extra strawberries, etc) - well, it made the wait completely worth it.I guess what I'm trying to say is... we should get together again. Sometime soon.Love,Amanda
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,6/14/2014,43,132,,9,2>Get your doughnut fix. Their gourmet selections were $1.39. The choices when I went included Samoa, black tie, maple glazed with bacon pieces, red velvet, blueberry cream pie, apple pie, and more. You can watch them make doughnuts through a large window. They continually make fresh doughnuts. If you buy a $14.99 shirt, you get 20% off every time you wear it. If you buy one of their mugs, you get 30% off refills. There is ample seating with 4 tables of 4 seats, 2 club chairs, and a counter with 5 stools. I'll be back soon.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/13/2014,91,52,3,5,4>When my friend told me that they had the best fish tacos he's ever had, I was skeptical. So, he piqued my curiosity, and here am singing similar praises. They had a couple options for their fish tacos. They had a baja fish taco (the one they're famous for), which has beer battered fish, a habañero sauce, and salsa. This fish taco is the king of fish tacos. It is no surprise that people will go out of their way to get this thing. They also had a mahi fish taco, which honestly blew my mind more than the baja. The mahi fish taco wasn't on the menu, but I'm REALLY glad I got it. I have seriously been craving it since I left. The spot itself is pretty small. Tables of 4 are about the max, but when you're eating these tacos you might even forget you have friends. The wold is in that tortilla.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,6/12/2014,121,170,,11,5>The Dirty Buffalo is starting to grow on me!  I've been here quite a few times and I'm happy that things are going well for this restaurant.  Their wings are better than good; I would say amazing. On the last trip, I had 12 wings - 6 Sweet Sriracha and 6 Garlic Parmesan.  The Garlic Parmesan wings have quickly become one of my favorites. It's more like a glaze than a sauce and finished with a sprinkling of Parmesan cheese.  I think grating it fresh might take it to the next level.What would I like to eventually see at The Dirty Buffalo? I'm looking forward to an expanded menu, more wing sauces, more beers on tap; I would even love table service.  With the business The Dirty Buffalo is doing, maybe we can expect these additions at their new location?
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/11/2014,334,138,7,8,7>Oh my goodness!!!!!!! I had the pumpkin patch and I must say it was perfectly delicious !!!!! Wow !!!! It was so soft and good and the frosting was not to sweet besides being fluffy and fresh.  Great customer service but do try to get there early because apparently there is a lot of cupcake fanatics out there ??? They are almost out of cupcakes for the day !!!  Can your believe that ??? So come and enjoy !!!!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,6/10/2014,34,51,2,4,2>When we first walked in, we were immediately overwhelmed with all the delicious treats to choose from. From chocolate covered strawberries to various sweet potato creations, pot pies and Mac and cheese...we just couldn't decide. Then we saw a huge loaf of pepperoni bread and just had to have it. It was a huge loaf and only cost $7. Great deal especially since it was delicious. My friend described it as a homemade hot pocket. It was fresh and still warm which made it taste even better. I definitely recommend stopping by here if you ever have the chance!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,6/9/2014,131,103,2,6,3>I don't think I have every had so much fun learning how to salsa and bachata. I love to dance but have two left feet when it comes to latin dancing. My friend invited me out one night and I was all in.. I even decided to wear heels to practice in! I'm not the best salsa dancer but the staff and people at Mambo room welcomed me with open arms, and I was dancing in circles (literally) by the end of the night. It was great! I learned so much and will definitely be going back!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/8/2014,107,136,2,6,5>Great service! Ordered the special.. Beef Wellington with Foie Gras! Flakey dough was perfect. Beef was tender and cooked just right. My friend ordered a burger and fries. I enjoyed the fries. Tasted like the kind of fries that would taste delicious w/ malt vinegar. If one is sensitive to smoke....one can still smell it in the non-smoking dining area.I still need to come back for their bacon week...
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2014,6/7/2014,84,331,,4,2>Decent place to watch the game. Great service here! Food was decent: chicken sandwich had a big, juicy hunk of delicious white meat, yummy chipotle sauce (you can choose any wing sauce), and a surprisingly nice roll, not just a cheap hamburger bun. Potato salad was awful though, mushy and not potato tasting. Loved the deep fried appetizer platter (of course). Plenty of TVS, but they are all medium sized...I prefer the GIGANTIC ones!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/13/2014,6/6/2014,31,234,6,9,3>As long as I can get an order of scotch eggs and a cider, this place is well worth the visit. And while the portion on the fish and chips is generous for what they term a small, it could be crispier. Especially the fries. This last time I specifically asked for the fries to be cooked longer and that was not an option. I found that off putting. Service on the whole is spotty. Generally slow, often understaffed. They are frequently 'out' of menu items (and the menu is fairly small). The food, for the most part is very good. Some items are under-seasoned, and a few items that come with a sauce or gravy could have had a larger serving to prevent things from \being dry. So far I've sampled the fish and chips, bangers and mash, meat pie, and steak and ale pie. Unless you are really craving British food this is not my go to by a long shot.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,6/5/2014,38,55,2,3,4>Currently my favorite sushi restaurant in the area. Yama has been around for a while and have expanded to more locations throughout the 757. This location is one of the newer ones.My cousins come here often and a lot of the staff have familiarized themselves with them. My last visit here, my waitress asked me how my cousins were doing. It was nice to see that level of customer service, even asking about my cousins that have moved away to Hawaii. Hospitality alone is a good reason to come here. They'll take care of you and evidently remember you.The sushi is great and you can tell you're definitely paying for what you get. The quality is excellent with crafty presentation. Lunch specials aren't too pricey and the bento box lunches are very worth it. They're helpful with whatever questions you may have. I feel like they serve the right portion of food to leave you satisfied and not overly full.I've noticed that if you treat them respectfully, they'll return the favor with something on the house. I've tried new menu items, not on the menu items, desserts, and even random gifts from their staff, simply because we had a great experience with them.Clearly an example of "treat others the way you want to be treated." Respect the food, respect the people, and it may come a long way.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,6/4/2014,46,168,5,4,4>Like tiny little gifts from heaven to enjoy here on earth. Airy yet decadent. Pillowy clouds of confectionery delight. My taste buds rejoice on the occasion of my rare visits. I begin salivating before I even open the door.There are a variety of flavors available for whatever makes your mouth pucker. I will not divulge which one gets me excited because I want plenty left for me.This refined desert is created by masters of their craft. Believe me the quality is unparalleled. Don't believe? Think I'm exaggerating? Try one, or three yourself...you be the judge.Check Facebook for the flavors of the day!Strawberry creamVanilla bday cakeChocolate bday cakeSalted CaramelRosewaterBanana CreamCookies n CreamEarl GreyPistachioPassion FruitStrawberry creamBiscoffCoconutBanana creamRed VelvetRaspberryNutella
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,6/3/2014,34,139,,9,4>The owner is such a friendly guy and very supportive of the military.  He has a collection of command hats, patches and stickers that his customers have brought in for him.  We always get the family pack for four and you can make some substitutions if there are things included you don't want.  Most importantly, he sells GRASS FED BEEF!  Hooray!!!!  There are other butchers located much closer to our home, but the Village Butcher Shop in Hilltop is definitely worth the trip.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,6/2/2014,152,116,3,5,2>I was driving through Phoebus on my way to explore Fort Monroe when I noticed this restaurant along the part of Mellen Street that can only be described as charming. Situated among a variety of small-town businesses that include pubs and antique stores,The Point's façade is as delightful a sight as a wrapped present beneath a Christmas tree (It even had the decorative ribbons to match when I went in December). Whereas all establishments on Mellen Street exist within a mix of classic American architectural styles, The Point manages to stand out. Maybe it's the red and white flags, the outside seating, or any of the other subtle nuances that scream bistro. Whatever the case may be, for the famished explorer, the place looked appetizing.I don't usually go for sandwiches in restaurants. . . I mean it's not exactly difficult to stack ingredients between two slices of bread, so there's no reason to pay a premium for minimal labor. But of course, that's not The Point (hahaha. . . *sigh*). I still enjoyed the Comfort Country Club sandwich like I would any involved meal. It's $11.00 for "Grilled Chicken & house-smoked bacon on local sourdough. Served with Swiss, cheddar, lettuce & tomatoes. Dressed with roasted garlic aioli." Couple that with a drink and a side of fries, then you're all set.I was still brand new to Hampton Roads and my only buddy was working at the time, so I sat at the bar and ate my food by myself while watching an SNL special on one of their overhead TV screens. To make things a little sweeter, I went ahead and ordered hot coffee with Bailey's (my favorite!). It was such a relaxing afternoon, and I was thankful it wasn't busy. There is ample space to bring parties of over 10 people. The Point is more than just a bit out of the way coming from south of the Elizabeth River, but as a local Hampton Roads destination, it can be a special place to come together with a group of friends for a leisurely lunch or a night filled with sounds of clinking glass and laughter. If you're in the area, I say why not. Like them here on Facebook: facebook.com/ThePointAtP
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/1/2014,11,159,6,3,1>Fun fact: Did you know that a large contributing factor to climate change is cow and pig farts?  It's true.  These disgusting animals have no concern for this planet and go about willy nilly blasting noxious fumes all over our planet.  Let's join County Grill in their campaign to wipe out these deplorable animals.  Being good stewards of our little blue rock, nothing must go to waste.  That means we have to eat these malevolent, yet tasty creatures en masse.  The noble, albeit stupid, poultry that has gotten mixed up in this whole affair decided long ago to side with the beasts.  Much like those angels who threw their lot in with Lucifer, they have been cast out.  Feel no pity for them, for they have made their bed.  Now they must lie in it.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,5/31/2014,65,174,,4,4>Whoah! I know I start my reviews a lot with "how did I not know this place existed?" But seriously...HOW DID NOT KNOW? Bent Fork Grill is a small building with two or three two tops inside and a few patio tables outside. I ordered a burger with gouda, bacon, jalepenos, and chipotle sauce. It....was amazing. Nicely seasoned burger, juicy, awesomeness. Then, to make it even better, it was served with PARMESEAN GARLIC TATER TOTS....whaaat!!! So amazing! Their mac n cheese bites are pretty spicy...I'm pretty sure it's nacho cheese in there. It's amazing. They have live entertainment and the drink specials are the bomb. Go there. Like, right now.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/30/2014,59,90,,9,2>This place is cool! Soo much potential. My coworker and I went here after work. The cuban sandwich was "best he has ever had" The margarita mix is home made...quite tasty. The bartender said they had a dj on saturdays. Might come check em out. The burger was pretty good and they came with home cut fresh fries (im a sucker for home cut fries) I really want to try the cheese fries, but went with the crab dip instead. Spicy and served with cut plantains?! Impeccable! They need more of a happy hour special or just specials to help market themselves. I hope this place does good.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,5/29/2014,122,469,2,8,2>I have to thank Steven for showing me the ropes at this place. I had seen it many times before but I've never eaten at a Phillipino restaurant so I was a bit intimidated to go in and order something blindly off the steam table. We got there right when they opened at 11 and they were preparing everything on the lunch steam table, which is a hot buffet-like table that has about 8 dishes made fresh everyday. Lynn, the owner, quickly came out and welcomed me right away, giving me descriptions of all the food as well as samples of whatever I wanted to try. She was so hospitable and kind; I would say for anyone on the fence about coming in and trying something new, not to hesitate because she really makes you feel comfortable about asking questions and what to order.Steven said I had to try the chicken adobo, which is a Philipino staple, so I got that and another entree (which I now forget what it was called) but it had pork, onions, carrots, jalapenos, and a ranch-like dressing on top. You then choose rice or pancit. So for 2 entrees, pancit, and a coke I paid $8. And didn't even finish everything. Fantastic deal. It was my first chicken adobo but the chicken was so moist and succulent, seasoned well and paired great with the cabbage. The pork dish was nice and spicy, a lot of complex flavors going on. Also, none of the food is greasy or has that "yucky" feeling; it's totally different than Chinese food. It just reminded me of fresh, homemade food made with love. By noon, this place had really picked up and apparently you can experience a bit of a wait so I would definitley advise getting here early. Overall, I am pleasantly surprised with my first Philipino experience and the medley of flavors that go on. Everything was fresh and delicious and for $8, this will be our new go-to carryout place. New hidden gem in Suffolk!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,5/28/2014,56,193,,4,4>So this saturday we decided to try this place out, the devor is awesome and clean and we were greeted as soon as we walked in and told to seat our selves we grabbed a booth and started to peruse the menu and took the place in. One of the things i loved was each booth had a power outlet with usb plugs great idea, the decor was americana using exterior materials indorrs which was very cool, yhe bar has a wide array of beers and is a full bar, wine special was very reasonable as were the Mary and Mimosa prices. The wife ordered the seaffod cobb with homemade blue cheese and it was beautiful and tasty with shrimp and limp crab a little pile of fresh bacon on the side egg and avacodo. I decided to screw up. I went with the meatloaf sandwich which clearly states spicy ketchup, i should have said leave off the ketchup as it is not my thing but was not thinking the meatloaf was awesome wrapped in bacon with mashers on the sandwich the real star was the Gouda mac and cheese could have eaten several bowls of that over and over and over!!!  They have many dishes i want to try and will be back soon
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,5/27/2014,4,65,1,7,3>Came in here with the kids after sunny beach afternoon. The ambiance is a little interesting for a bbq place, dont know if I care for the sort of weird bar seating that is right in the middle of the restaurant...it seems like no one would ever actually want to sit there and they should just turn it into a normal table, but maybe I am wrong....It is pretty much the same seating arrangement as it was when this place was "Savor" so the tables are somewhat limited, we were there pretty early in the evening and I am not sure how crowded they get later...Service was excellent and very friendly! I thought the bbq sandwich was great, and my daughter had the penne with cheese which was very tasty though it was very, very much drenched in butter. I am loathe to point this out, because if you are ordering what is essentially macaroni and cheese, you really should not be griping about it's health component, but this was sort of out-of-control.  Coleslaw also tasty, and if it were not so lovely out I may have gone for one of the soups. They sounded fantastic!!I noticed that as of right now, this place has a single dollar sign listed as it's price-range on yelp, and I am going to very strongly disagree with that. Except for the BLT and veggie sandwich, most of the sandwiches are around $9.99 and the entree (platters) seemed to be more in the 15-20 dollar range, not saying it is not plenty of food or a good value, I just would not want to come in thinking it was going to be considerably cheaper than it is listed as being (which is what happened) I figured it would be more along the lines of Malbon Bros when they were at Hilltop. This was an assumption on my part though, so I am not going to blame them!It is pretty rare that we go "out" for bbq, but I will be checking out their take-away menu for summer!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,5/26/2014,74,230,3,7,4>We've lived here for a little over three years now and our family can best be described as creatures of habit.  Much like a pop radio station might have run a Debbie Gibson song into the ground back in the 80s, we find something we like and we stick to it.  It works for us.  But, it makes those discoveries of little gems outside of our "usual" so much more exciting and we made one with El Morro this past weekend.I've had this bookmarked for quite some time and decided to stop in while out running around.  The GPS took us down Dahlia Drive and I was certain the address must be wrong in Yelp.  It was taking us through a residential area.  But sure enough, a little strip center popped up.  The moment my son and I walked in, we both looked at each other and said "It smells good in here".  And it did.  The smell of fresh baked goods was heavy in the air and it was wonderful.  As we approached the counter, we had no real idea of what they had or what we wanted.  So, we started with the pastry case in the front.  They had some turnovers and donuts that looked good and we grabbed a few of those.  There was a gentleman in the restaurant enjoying his lunch who could tell we were newbies to Puerto Rican food and this place.  He recommended the pan sobao and the alcapurria.  The bread was freaking amazing.  A nice crispy outer shell and just the freshest and softest middle you can imagine.  The two loaves barely survived a couple of hours.  We tried two types of alcapurria.  I can't honestly say I know what made them different but they both were great, filled with delicious beef (I think) and the outer shell was crispy and fried to perfection.  Very good.  It was my first encounter with alcapurria but certainly not the last. Overall, my guess is we will make this a regular stop.  In fact, the kids wanted to go back the next day to get more bread but we didn't make it.  We will.  They also have a nice selection of sandwiches and other dishes that I think change daily.  There is word of even having tamales on Saturdays, so call ahead to see.  And if you go, look for the guy sitting in a corner eating a whole loaf of bread by himself......and listening to "Foolish Beat" for the five thousandth time.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,5/25/2014,73,159,2,12,5>Great trails! We have a super-nifty State Parks pass (worth it!), which is incredibly affordable and absolutely amazing when you live in Virginia -- which happens to have THE best State Parks (it's SCIENCE, folks!). First Landing is sort of inconvenient to get to, in a way, since it doesn't have easy access to an Interstate. But, eh, who cares: Nature! "Exotic Lagoons"! Trees! Scat! SQUIRREL!There are many many miles of several different trails, plenty of geocaches, and it's beautifully maintained. Family favorites are High Dunes and Osmanthus Trail.For the love of all that is -- don't park just inside the gate (there's a lot a bit up the road an to the right) if you plan on hiking the trails. This lot dumps you off on the PAVED (blasphemy!) portion of the Cape Henry trail, which is an absolute nightmare to navigate in a group -- especially with small children. Cyclists don't always pay attention, and they tend to whizz through much faster than they should. There are some nice informational plaques along the trail, but you won't be missing much if you just drive straight to the Trail Center.The Trail Center is beautiful, with a mini museum of common flora and fauna and a little history. Purchase a trail map pamphlet for Bald Cypress for $0.50 at the front desk and enjoy the factoids.Go hike. Get outdoors. Be active. Live. Enjoy.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,5/24/2014,298,491,6,14,10>I love sweets, so when a sign caught my eye that a new bakery in the Bayside area opened I was all over it. Upon closer inspection it's name is a dead give away, this wouldn't be a run of the mill bakery, but patisserie. The name "Gateaux" in French means cake which is the bakery's focus. The shop does all sorts of specialty cakes including the wedding variety.The bake shop is located off of Pleasure House Rd. in Thoroughgood Commons. The bright burgundy and white awning that protrudes from the building make it a cinch to find. Parking is plentiful and should never be an issue. Both the parking lot and sidewalk were in exceptional condition on my visit.Upon entering the store I was immediately greeted by owner Chris. The confectionery has one long case and another for refrigerated goods like tarts and cakes. This is strictly a carry out store. There is no customer seating inside, or outside. Some reconfiguration of a shelving accent wall would have to be changed to provide interior tables. But I suspect they will add a few tables outside the door come Spring... at least they should in my opinion. I guess you could say owners Chris and Joanne decided to have a mid life crisis together and opened the only French Bakery in Virginia Beach just before Thanksgiving. Joanne who does all the baking has taught and most recently was in the healthcare field. However, this would not be the family's first foray making French baked goods. Previous to Gateaux they owned a bake shop in Greensboro, NC. Husband Chris has the flexibility to work from home and assist in the store daily. You could say it's a family run business with there college age daughter assisting when home from school.Everything looked scrumptious in the case. Chris, then later Joanne came out from the kitchen to discuss some of the items. I elected to choose several to take home and sample. I picked up a few palmiers (like a danish) in chocolate chip and blueberry, a chocolate bouchon (like a cup cake), an apple caramel tart and a few chocolate chip cookies. Chris gave me a chocolate macaroon to try in the store. Strange, but I had never had one. It had a nice crunch to the exterior cookie and a delicious creme inside. I was immediately craving another, it was awesome!Fast forward to my home after dinner with the family all dying to try the treats I brought home. Mom said  the chocolate chip cookie was to die for, so rich, crisp and tons of chips. My wife and I thought  the chocolate bouchon was over the top. It was crazy rich with a moist chip center and crisp outer edge. My son and I both loved the chocolate chip and blueberry palimer's. I heated mine up and enjoyed with coffee. OMG it was incredibly yummy! The tart immediately reminded me of my all time favorite desert at Disney's Epcot French bakery. Lots of fresh fruit, scrumptious flavors and nice texture to the bottom. Not to mention lots if crumbly goodness on top.Is anyone keeping score, I certainly am. Five different items sampled, a family of four tasting five home runs dishes. There is no doubt in my mind that those who try Gateaux will fall in love with this new Bayside patisserie like we have.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,5/23/2014,46,196,,7,3>I need more than 5 stars for this review, I kid you not..  We knew it was time when we started finding shingles in our yard that matched the patchwork repairs that had been done during the past 20 years but...who should we call?  I put the word out on YELP and got 3 referrals, thank you Mike A for this one.Jon's estimate wasn't the cheapest, he was in the middle but his contract included more goodies that the others. It was also extremely detailed. He is also the sole owner of his roofing company which was founded in 2005.We notified Jon on a Friday and the job was meticulously completed the following Thursday.  I knew the job had started when I thought Santas reindeer were on my roof at 6:45 am.  That's right, they were actually there at 6:15 covering my yard with tarps and moving furniture off my deck.  His crew of 5 tackled my roof with extreme professionalism.  They walked around up there like it was flat and it's quite the opposite.  On the first day they worked until the sun set and they lost daylight.  They were back the next morning and waited in their trucks for the sun to rise a bit.  An hour later they were done.  Clean up is always a concern when dealing with a project like this.  All my old shingles and all the nails that were doing their best to hold onto those shingles were removed.  I have walked my property and haven't found a single nail.  They have large magnets on rollers that they even used in my shrubs.I just can not say enough about this roofing company.  I have a beautiful new roof at a very fair price.  I am a happy camper.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/22/2014,48,75,1,8,7>This is a little slice of heaven in Portsmouth. And within walking distance!!! Here is my top ten list of why you should try them out, and keep going back:1: Husband and wife owned2. Family run. Husband taking orders, Mom and daughter team preparing all the yummy lunches!3. Great food! They have a nice variety of sandwiches, wraps soups and desserts.4. ALL of their pastries are baked in house daily. 5. Friendly (this makes all the difference in my opinion)6. Kid friendly with Grilled cheese, PB& NUTELLA or PB & fluff  sandwiches. Nice treat!7. Named in Memory of wifes brother (nice sentimental touch reminds me to go there instead of chains).8. Fresh ingredients9. CLEAN (some of these smaller places miss that important detail. Not here).10: All meats are sliced in house. Chicken salad is made in house. Soups made in house. EVERYTHING is made from scratchWe need to remember there is more at stake than our time when we run into food chains for a bite to eat. Stop and take a minute to breath while you wait just a few more for quality food that not only is healthier for you, but supports another local like yourself!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,5/21/2014,83,478,,5,5>Mmmmmm!!!  I was FINALLY able to try this place yesterday on President's Day in the afternoon.  I've wanted to try this place for a few months now and have driven past and even come in once before but had to leave because I found out I didn't have enough time to order and wait for the food... bummer. Well yesterday was the day. I got the Tuna Salad on wheat bread with tomato and lettuce as well as the cuban salad.  I did the half sandwich half salad and the portion of the salad was HUGE.  My salad consisted of lettuce, cucumber slices, avocado (like 3 small pieces), chickpeas, 2 small tomato slices and some homemade looking cilantro oil dressing.  It was very good and fresh and refreshing.  The portion was very generous for a half size, I can only imagine how huge the full size must be, and it was fresh made and delicious.  I only wish there had been more tomato and avocado.  Perhaps if I got the full size there would be. The tuna salad was excellent, fresh and moist and delicious.  I enjoyed the wheat bread but wanted the croissant.  You can't do that for the half so I had to go with normal wheat ... maybe next time. I also had a side of the sweet potato fries which come with a sweet aioli for dipping and they were warm and fresh cooked as well. I also tried their sweet tea and it was on point.  This is important to be a Southern gal so if the sweet tea sucks I may not even come back unless everything else is excellent.  I'm glad their sweet tea tastes on par with some of the best I've had around town. I also followed up with the latte of the day which was Creme Brulee to go.  It was delicious as well. It was slow as they were about to close so there was only one other quiet table inside and they left not long after I sat down.  I also managed to find some adorable small salt and pepper shakers on the way out shaped like starfish. While waiting for the food I browsed the cookies and cupcakes, cheese and truffles.  The gals inside working were very polite and friendly.  They went out of their way to be helpful and were very pleasant to talk to and answered all of my questions as a fist timer about items on the menu and what I could and couldn't do with combinations and bread choices. It was a fantastic experience and I will be back soon for sure.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,5/20/2014,202,207,4,6,4>Good beer prices!I stopped by the other evening and decided to have a $5 flight of beers they had on tap, cool thing was that i got to pick which ones i wanted. They also had wine flights as well. As i sat enjoying my beers. The place is rather a cute little spot off of the main store. I didn't have any of the food but it looked good. There is no way you can beet the prices of their growler refills as well. After finishing my beer, I managed to stumble over my words prompting the bar keep to as me if i she needed to call me a cab, REALLY lol after only 4 small beers...I politely and kindly replied no and was waiting on my receipt expecting to give them a tip and remembered from a previous tip that they don't except tips here. Winning! **Overall a small nice spot to grab a nice refreshing brew. Just be sure to not make the same mistake I did by walking into the store after I was finished. Myself standing in a  Whole Food Store, is like me in the beer aisle at Total Wine with my eyes glazed over every time. That's when I always seem to get stuck looking at all the cool foods/things they have and it can be like pulling teeth trying to get me outta there.lolCheers!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/19/2014,72,218,2,6,5>Another great experience. I've read over the somewhat recent reviews but they just do not describe my experience at all. We drove to the Beach for a random date night Friday night. Parking is a beech down there so we parked a block or so away. Not a big deal. It's a tourist area. This Soya along with the one in Great Bridge are my favorites. I ordered the King Neptune again. Very good.  My husband ordered the chicken and steak hibachi. I did have to remind the server about the hibachi sauce that comes on the side.  He happily fixed it and just noted there was a new chef in back. I also had the spicy salmon roll. Holy moly! Very spicy and very yummy. The shrimp tempura appetizer was great. I liked the tempura flake style this restaurant has. We were greeted quickly and seated quickly.  A server took a couple minutes to show up but once he did and realized we had not be helped, he took great care of us. We will be back. :-)
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,5/18/2014,221,97,,8,5>I enjoyed visiting this new local seafood restaurant. The Anchor Inn is located in the old Create Bistro in Hilton Village of Newport News-- a powerhouse ally of local eateries. Though the restaurant doesn't seem to strive for anything as creative as Create Bistro, they do make a hearty local seafood joint, one that will be prized in our community and welcomed. The restaurant is only a few weeks old, opening in the middle of our odd January winter storms of 2014. It's waiting on its ABC license but should have a full bar soon. The restaurant is clean, open, bistro feel; I sat in the back corner just below the nose high window hiding the the kitchen. No open kitchen space here. I thought i read .25 cent shrimp night, but it's really a Sunday special for all you can eat shrimp at $25.00. Spicy or steamed. Seemingly this was a good deal too. I passed only because I wanted to try other things for this review and just for fun. I didn't order any appetizers as per my usual. Though they seemed to be tasty, nothing fit my diet.... I ended up caving on once I laid eyes on the menu. Be careful, apps are not listed on their menu but on a small stand up where the salt and pepper hide. The menu seemed like a familiar seafood house display with seafood, land items, and a kids menu. Seafood served here is local which should make every local proud as we have the best seafood in the world.My table ordered the shrimp platter, stuffed flounder, fried oyster platter, oyster stew. For sides we chose a wonderful side salad, an average attempt at a squash casserole (it was bland and didn't seem fresh? but that might have been lost in the cheese... i'm a purest!), tasty twice baked potato, steak fries. All of the meals were served with 3 crunchy and flavorful hush puppies. The food was cooked well, perfectly presented, and fairly tasted. Fair seafood lovers will appreciate the simplicity, local seafood, and fresh taste. Dessert was a chocolate, cinnamon, and walnut cake covered in chocolate. Decadent could be a one word description though it was missing some whip cream or ice cream since its served warm and so rich in flavor. Try with coffee for a better experience or a cup of milk. Service was excellent. We came early for dinner but food was fast and server professional and kind. For those locals, think of this place as an upscale Bills Seafood or Herman's Harbor House. This restaurant is quaint and brings fresh seafood to the lower peninsula sitting in a surprising hidden jewel of local eateries in Hilton Village (Circa 1918, 99 Main, Crab Shack, Courture Cakes, and a not yet open but recently relocated local Rosalita's). I bet its comparable to a strong Surf Rider restaurant but without the crowd and way better service. Speaking of service, the hospitality is excellent and attentive which drives it above its other seafood competitor down the street. I think that the biggest struggle will be the restaurant's prices. Portions were excellent and tasty, but the prices were 3-6$ higher on the entrees than I think it should be. I would come back and try other things on the menu especially because of its local flavor, I would come back faster if the price points were a bit better. I'm thinking that if they want to keep these prices, they need to run successful specials campaigns to promote items on their menu. They do offer lunch so I bet i'll be back to try a lunch crab cake. One can't really judge a seafood restaurant until its crab cake consumed. I'm sure the lunch prices would be satisfactory too. Local seafood lovers, hope you join me.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2013,5/17/2014,66,117,4,5,3>LOUD.  REALLY LOUD IN HERE.But it's a hibachi place, what do you expect?It can be a bit overpriced for what you get in food, but really the price goes into the "show" that the chefs do for you.  They do all the standard tricks- flaming volcano onions, flaming grill surface, flaming everything as well as throwing hot pieces of food at your face.  But if you've been here more than once, you'll notice that it's the same routine.  Every single damn time.  The script is almost identical from chef to chef.  I heard the chef next to us say the same jokes that our guy said half an hour earlier.Nevertheless, it's fun to do every once in a while.  The food tastes good, and when all is said and done that's ok in my book.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,5/16/2014,39,76,4,7,6>By far the best cheesesteak in Virginia Beach! I actually found them via Yelp. The cheesesteak itself is a huge portion. I ordered the ribeye steak combo and added cheese whiz. Anywhere that has cheese whiz as an option gets an A+. The service/server/cook was very friendly and I will definitely be returning again.....
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/15/2014,38,86,7,8,3>I heard of this place through some coworkers that heard some buzz on Facebook.  Anybody that has followed me knows I have been looking for non-big chain donut shops. I went on Thursday, but they were closed.  So I went Friday morning, and they were so packed, I knew this was something special, but I also knew I wasn't waiting in that line. I went back mid-afternoon and was able to get a parking spot at the door.  Lucky me! I was fully expecting this place to have a different variety of donuts. I didn't expect the same fried hot donut, but a variety of toppings!  I was not amused, but I bought a half dozen anyway (2 maple, 2 chocolate & 2 chocolate w/ rainbow sprinkles) for me and the family.  When I got home, I ate a maple and almost got back in my car to get another half dozen! These donuts blow KK & DD out of the water!  I don't know how to explain it!  No wonder everyone and their grandparents were hitting this place up on the first day! Customer Service: 5 starsTaste: 5 starsCleanliness: 5 starsLocation: 4 stars - not enough parking right now, but will be enough after the newness wears off.  What are you waiting for!  GET THE DONUTS!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/14/2014,34,46,4,9,6>Well folks, what can be said about chow that hasn't already been said. Yes the food is amazing, the libation menu is extensive, the menus are written in chalk on the walls, all been said. Here's what hasn't. I walked in yesterday with some friends who adore this place and are regulars. They were super excited for me to try it. We sat dawn, not having to wait, (yeah on a Saturday at 730pm) in a booth in the back. Our server comes up gets our drink orders and I ordered the fried green tomatoes. They were delish. The ham salad that comes with it makes for a tangy topping on the tomato that you don't need to dip it in any sauce. We proceed to order our food. I got the country fried steak with Mac n cheese and mashed sweet potato. My friends got the burger special and the flat iron steak. Needless to say I was super excited to keep trying their food. Well, a good 20 min pass, then 30, finally after what seemed like forever, our server comes up and says she just checked on our food and it's coming out. Don't get me wrong we weren't rude or even asking what the deal was with our food but we were starting to really get hungry. She bring out our food and we tear into it. About 10 min later she comes up and apologizes for how long our food took and let us know that that's not normal and they would be taking care of our meal. That, people, is customer service! Not only did they admit their problem but they took care of it without us even making an issue of it. Can I just say they totally won me over! Not bc I got a free meal, but they did the right thing without the customer even mentioning it. I look forward to going back and trying more amazing food at their establishment. And I hope people see how fantastic they treat their patrons. They want you to get the best experience out dining there and if you don't they make sure you're taken care of. Thanks Chow for an amazing meal and fantastic customer service.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,5/13/2014,62,168,4,14,12>Field trip to Field Guide today with two of my foodie pals from work.  Let's start with the basics.  I love the seating, it's different, and forces people to invade personal space as the place gets a little busier.  But it also makes it easy to snoop on what others are eating.  Very fun!  I wouldn't want to eat like this at a suit and tie place, but for Field Guide it works.So, clearly the food is good, and there's a ton of reviews about good eating here, so I thought I'd tell you some tips for coming to field guide.First, bring some friends, this isn't because being alone sucks, it's because you can all order something different (there's going to be like 4+ things on the menu you're going to want to try, trust me).  Second tip, if you bring a pack of friends, 1 bowl of sweet potato chips is good for like 2 or maybe even 3 people.  So make sure you mix in the curry veggies (which were spot on) or other offerings (we ordered three bowls and took home a LOT).Third tip, 1 cookie feeds three people comfortably, for REAL.  Forth tip, bring a wet nap, I mean it.  Food is gushy, in a great way.Overall, I really liked this place, it has the hip vibe I've come to expect from these guys without feeling pretentious.  Just like at HB, I got a great table side follow-up on our meal experience, something I value highly.  My table mates absolutely adored the in-house soda, so you might want to give it a try.For $12, in downtown Norfolk, you're not going to find much better for lunch.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,5/12/2014,255,146,6,8,7>I came to this little gem on Sunday after church. I had some friends from out of town with me and  I really wanted to so them the best that Hampton roads had to offer. I tried to take my friends to a different location that was packed. So I jumped on yelp, I thought the name of this restaurant was pretty cool, I heard about the donuts and the reviews seemed favorable, so made our way over. In regards to ambience, it is definitely a hole in the wall mom and pop location, it was very simple basic but very inviting and it made me feel like I was in a diner from '50s (note: my only understanding of what diners looked like in the '50s is based purely on the movies and tv shows I watch ;). We sat at the counter right next to the line cook. My man was working that grill and talking to us the entire time. He and the server were super cool and helped me fall in love with this little place before I even had a bite to eat. The food was amazing! I had a breakfast burrito that was nice and BIG (big boy size) with toast and hash browns (I would say they are more like breakfast potatoes or whatever southern phrase attributed to potatoes eaten at breakfast). I was able to try one of the donuts they sell and it was pretty good, not "smack yo mama" good but it hit the sweet and hearty donut spot I was craving at the time, it was almost like KK and DD had a donut baby. One of the items that I tried that was ultra impressive was the "Larger than yo Face" pancake. I have never seen a pancake that big before and it was nice and moist and tasty too! This is a great place for almost anytime of day; early morning, late night (after bars close) or afternoon. Though an awesome place, it is on the small side, so any group larger than 4 people will start to find issue with eating together and the bathroom is located behind the restaurant so it may be a good idea to relieve yourself before your visit. But definitely try this place out, you will not regret it.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,5/11/2014,118,112,6,5,2>I really wish I lived closer to Zeke's because I'd be over there like white on rice!Absolutely dig the vibe of the place and the people there.  I'll get to the point, RIDICULOUSLY fantastic tasting coffee!Try it pour over style... or don't but I seriously recommend it, brings all the delicious high notes out!The décor is anything but mediocre; it's so fun and vintage chic!Music, yes, yes and yes!This place I feel should be downtown Denver or even Ghent; Virginia Beach is very lucky to have such a unique coffee shop!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,5/10/2014,263,519,18,29,24>I had the pleasure having lunch here Tuesday afternoon and am still practically at a loss for words. Honestly I didn't know what to expect coming in here. I had no prior knowledge of Chartreuse before the visit the visit and knew nothing about the establishment other than it's name. So  let me just say that that I didn't have any major expectations and as you know when you go to a place and your "Wowed" from the get go that's a great sign. We seated ourselves at the counter and spoke with a really nice lady who became our server. This also afforded us a perfect view into the kitchen area. The menu changes every day and had some very cool choices on our visit. My so called "Date" would like to think she decided what I was going to eat however a little subliminal manipulation and I was able to have two meals instead of one. She thinks she's winning, and I don't have an argument. I selected a Scallop's dish that was stacked on top of Swiss Chard and a Grit Cake which was surrounded in Parsley Cream. My 'Date' ordered the Grilled Salmon Tartine which was served on top of  two Wheat Baguette's and also included Fried Leeks, Watercress & Red Peppers, and then doused with Lemon Poppy Dressing. Both of these entree's were so incredibly good that I just have a hard time explaining it. The best I can say it is that the multitude of tastes all combined at once in each bite and it was just fantastic!!!But wait there's more... Time for desert. Personally I'm not much of a desert person but after seeing a Chocolate Creme Brulee pass by I was sold. From the chocolate to the fruit topping, it's all about the combination and oh so good it was. I can't sing their praise's enough. Give these guys a try and you won't regret it. They're located right next door to the mall on East City Hall Ave.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,5/9/2014,38,130,,6,5>So I was looking for a new place to try for this weekend. I searched Yelp and came across Monsoon Eclectic Modern Indian Resturant. All I can say is WOW! My wife and I arrived around 6;30 pm on Friday payday weekend. We just beat the crowd and I am so glad we did. We were seated immediatly by the server who seated us in a large secluded booth in the back of the restaurant.  The environment was elegant all the way around. Low lightings with the right amount on each table. It was not loud or were there any over whelming distraction.   My wife felt so cozy at our table and so did I. Our server  Hasmukh came out to serve us. We told him that this was our fist time in an elegant India restaurant, so he gave his our undivided attention. Not knowing much about Indian food we made a lot of wonderful suggestions to us. Job well done on his part. We ordered an appetizer of Crispy Samosa recommended by Hasmukh. I can describe what it was; I do know it had chickpeas, a crispy bottom breading and some Indian sauces. When it arrived we did not know how to eat it. Hasmukh came out and showed us. WOW! it was good. Hasmukh notice I was looking as the Mixed Grill; he said it was a great suggesting and told me what was in it. Grilled beef, chicken, salmon, jumbo shrimp and a variety of mixed veggies such as red pinions, zucchini, broccoli and a grilled lemon to squeeze over it. It was served with some masala sauce and basmata (sp) rice with peas. MAN IT WAS AWESOME!My wife had the highly favored Chicken Tikka Masala suggested by many of you on Yelp. Its funny, my wife is not use to anything different and she loved it! If you order the Nan Bread I suggest you get the Nan with Garlic. I could have eaten that all by itself as a meal. The service was awesome. There were beautiful Indian servers in all four corners of the restaurant waiting to serve you. Keep in mind of one thing. The people of India are proud people and love their country and food even in its greatest dismay. So if you see one of the India servers looking at you eating and enjoying your food please don't be offended. It is a sign of honor. Servitude is a honor to them and it may seem a little over-bearing to the average uninformed American. GO TO THIS RESTAURANT! I guarantee a 5 star review by you! You won't be disappointed!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,5/8/2014,69,206,6,5,3>While I am aware that other people are 'qualified' to review froyo places, I believe being 41 weeks pregnant makes my opinion on all things dessert significantly more valid. So take it from preggers here, this place is great! It's clean, friendly, delicious and not insanely expensive. They have a ton of great flavors, but I think the toppings is where they shine. You can go healthy or not, either way the selection is vast and fresh. The Oreo pieces are always crunchy, the strawberries and mangoes always juicy and the brownies always chewy. It's clear that they take a lot of pride in putting out a good product and I appreciate that!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/7/2014,183,190,4,11,8>My new found favorite!  What was I thinking coming here so late in the game?  I have had a bunch of people telling me about this place for a long time and thank goodness I finally did it.  My neighbor used to work here so she brought me--and you know I love a good inside scoop.  So, particularly once it gets warm out, this place stays jammin' and they only have less than 10 tables.  So, unless you get there early or late, plan on waiting, but it so worth the wait.  They do have a small bar to hang out and you can eat up there too.  Thankfully, they do have some parking around back.  When you come here, of course, you have to get Mojitos...their signature drink is the best of the beach.  They have traditional or you can pop it up with a little bonus flavoring of pomegranate, guava, coconut, pineapple, and a few others.  God, they're good!On to the menu.  So, they do have their menu online but each night, they do have a few specials too and several of the specials are frequently recurring.  The chef and owner, Edwin, is genuine and loves to share his passion.  His parents are Puerto Rican and Cuban, so expect nothing but to be dazzled with an authentic feast.   For apps, I would say, start with all of them--LOL.  No really, they are all fantastic.  I especially loved the chorizo con Pan since I am a sausage freak. Every table is definitely deserving of the Maduros--just the perfect amount of sweet with a lovely dipping sauce...plus, if you are going to do Latin, you have to have some plantains, right?  For entrees, the Churrasco con Chimichurri is a zesty, tender skirt steak that had me moaning throughout dinner.  If they have the paella on special, make someone at your table get it and everyone try it.  Most of the entrees come with beans and rice--hooray because they are awesome! I know, you may think it's weird to be excited about beans and rice but until you have Edwin's beans and rice, then you won't understand.  They are also well-known for their fish tacos, so those are on my to-do list.You know how there are just those places you go where you must have dessert--this is of those places!  I have a hard time committing to just one dessert in here.  I hope for your sake, you bring a few buddies so you can all share desserts.  I can definitely vouch for the bread pudding, the tres leches, and the fried banana cheesecake.Thank me later and go have a good dinner.(FYI, there are a couple of tables outside, but since the city has been unwilling to budge, there is no alcohol allowed outside yet)
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,5/6/2014,129,84,3,7,3>I'm late getting this review in, I feel obligated to get this submitted, because DoorMasters performed an excellent new garage door purchase and installation at a competitive price. They completed a complete upgrade of my worn-out contractor's special garage door. New belt-drive opener and hardware, and new powder-coated heavy gauge, insulated steel, carriage house-styled door. It is installed perfectly, I mean it is tight, level, no play at all, with a parallel reveal that I did not expect from a steel garage door. Everything went great and I am exceedingly satisfied with the entire experience, from showroom to install, DoorMasters of Greenbrier has my highest recommendation.  I'm a fan.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,5/5/2014,56,35,,5,3>Great place to eat if you want a home cooked style breakfast but you don't feel like cooking.  I had a breakfast sandwich and biscuits & gravy and they were both phenomenal.  I definitely recommend stopping by here for breakfast if you are by the farmers market.  I will be coming here from now on instead of going to overpriced IHOP.  It conveniently located right down the street from my house.  Service is great and they only take cash, but there is an ATM right outside.  Enjoy!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/4/2014,34,86,,8,4>My husband and I checked this place out because of their Blind Wine Tasting event. We do love wine, and I am a sucker for small plates, so we went for dinner as well as the tasting. We didn't order a specific wine because we were doing the tasting event, but the wine menu was extensive. I'm sure the friendly staff would help you pick a bottle, as they seemed very knowledgable and friendly. For food, we ordered the cheese plate, which was not as wild as some others I've had, but the cheeses were good quality for their varieties (cheddar, blue and manchego). Served well with crackers, grapes, honey, candied pecans and an apricot compote, it was a great addition to the early white tastings.We also tried the Lamb Meatball Trio, which was not as good as I had hoped. Usually, when I think lamb, I think very tender, very flavorful meat. While it was flavorful, it was a bit chewy, and not as pleasant as I was expecting. The pesto flatbread was lovely - a thick layer of pesto with finely diced bits of tomato and a nice coating of mozzarella. I'd definitely order this again. The crabcake bites were also very tasty. The dipping sauces they were served with complimented the flavor of the crab. The consistency was just right - not falling apart but not making your jaw work too hard either. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place. I think we'll come back and bring a couple friends with us next time.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,5/3/2014,25,96,3,7,6>If there is any place outside your own mother's kitchen that uses love as an active ingredient in their food, it's Cutlass Grille. It's evident in every single bite that comes off the plate of food that is put in front of you.I could tell you how tender and flavorful the jerk chicken is. I could tell you how creamy the mac-n-cheese is. I could tell you how the baked beans practically melt in your mouth. I could tell you how dessert-like the fried plantains are. I could tell you I would bathe in the chopped brisket bbq if I could. I could tell you that I'd like for the family who owns and runs Cutlass to adopt me and teach me the secret family recipes. But none of that does you any good if you don't go experience it for yourself.Do yourself a favor... go... now. I'll meet you there.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,5/2/2014,49,45,,6,4>This sushi spot is up and coming, so don't be turned off when you don't see more than 2 people in the building. Some of my friends that eat at Ang's frequently have raved about this place, and I have to agree with them. Most sushi spots in HR aren't that great. I usually stick to one or two restaurants, but I can see myself coming back here to try more things.The salmon carpaccio has an interesting flavor, something that I can't really put my finger on, but it was delicious. I wish I had the entire plate to myself. I don't think it would be filling as a main dish for one person, so get a few more appetizers or rolls. The age dashi tofu wasn't awesome, but you get a lot for your money. I tried the Spicy Girl (or City?) roll, OMG roll, and Best Friend roll. None of them disappointed.The owner treated us to a round of sake shots on the house, which was very kind and welcoming of him. I guess it helps to go to places with a group of girls! He also gave us Japanese cheesecake. The cheesecake is not like the cheesecake Americans are used to. It was light and reminded me of a mix between angel food cake, pound cake, and cheese cake. So much better than regular cheesecake!!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,5/1/2014,121,268,2,7,6>I finally had the chance to stop in with my kids to check out this library. Man were we impressed! It is small and old, but they had PLENTY to choose from and the staff was OUTSTANDING!!!! My kids loved it! The ladies were helping my kids find their favorite books and helped them choose some new fun books. They also have NEW RELEASE movies on DVD to check out for free! They have the same titles that are in Redbox right now, for FREE! It was a fast and easy checkout. The lady offered my kids a sticker book and cute bags to put their books in. Overall, a very pleasant experience. I look forward to returning!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,4/30/2014,155,241,4,9,9>I've really been slacking on making it to all the local craft breweries around here. I need to fix that. Immediately.After a UYE (International Supper Club) last night, my Yelpy S/O decided that I HAD to try Young Vets because 1) She know's how much I love craft beer, 2) The restaurant we were at was about 5 miles from YVBC and 3) They were the only ones open. The stars were freaking aligned, people!I was rushed out of the restaurant and transported (via Mazda SUV) to this amazing (though small) tasting room(s). We actually decided to hang out in the front area with all the seating and that was totally cool. The space is small but I fell in love with everything. From the concrete stained floors to all the copper art pieces adorning the walls and shelves. This place is definitely my kind of hangout.First. I come from a very long line of military veterans to include my husband. So basically anything that supports our US military, you can bet I'm all for it.I opted for the flight, though I don't typically care for IPAs and YVBC makes a few of them. I decided it was the best POA (plan of action) and that it was the only way I was going to get a taste for how they were represented in their beers. The flight carrier is awesome, made up of welded metal pieces with the names of the beers and descriptions on little copper placards. It made me giddy happy, ya'll. As far as the beer goes, I liked it all. My favorite though, was surprisingly, the Semper  FI.P.A with it's upfront citrus notes and wasn't at all overpowered by that bitter hoppy thing that happens with IPAs. I recommend you make the drive out to YVBC and go with the flight. And then sit back (if you have time) and order a pint. It's totally worth it.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,4/29/2014,70,154,6,6,5>There are Beautiful spots on the base, quiet and relaxing! Great little hidden getaway even the ice cream truck made it through!!Lighthouse was nice and fun to climb, but  it's a hike!! The narrow stairs made me want to pass out, a little boy asked me if I was ok. Dang.., if he can do it I can pump up enough courage to do it too! But once you make it to the top what a beautiful sight!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2014,4/28/2014,54,75,3,8,4>Welcome to José's welcome to a larger then life cantina.  I was excited to see this converted Texas restaurant changed into a outdooresque feel of eating with great friends and family.  The decor is wonderful,  check out the bar with changing illuminated bar and star lit ceiling.The food portions are large and delicious.  I liked the tea cups are large and they provide to go cups if you ask.  The seats at the larger tables are refurbished barrels.  The service was pretty good.  Eye catching menu and the flan was yummy.  I ordered the fajitas Chiquita and tried the flan.Good food, nice ambiance, will return back!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,4/27/2014,166,132,1,9,4>This is a great place to hunt for treasures.  I found everything from antique garden gnomes to great 1920"s retro bedroom furniture.  You will love it!The customer service was wonderful. I am the customer with questions and they loved sharing bits of history on the pieces in the store.Enjoy!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2013,4/26/2014,13,167,1,8,6>So glad to have a new restaurant occupying Empire's old location.  Luce just opened this week and I've been excited to check it out!Walking in, it's a familiar layout with some nice new tweaks.  The tables are no longer shorties and this gives the diners an experience that they aren't being overtaken by the crowd that can sometimes linger close by.  Power to the people!  The bar looks to be a glazed concrete and the new dark floors are nice.  Overall, there is a sexier vibe here now.  My only feedback would be with what appears to be stock photographs on the walls - I'd like to see something a bit more personal and/or unique, and the music went from Johnny Cash to Swedish house music.  Now to the food.Some complaints I foresee with the timeliness of your food should be balanced with the understanding that the chef appears to be cooking everything to order.  Though this can take time, I have no problems waiting for good food.  This is also a bit more of a traditional dining experience than what previously occupied this spot (Tapas).To start, we had the mushroom toast and it was great.  I'm not even a huge fan of mushrooms; however, they were accompanied with fresh mozzarella and a rustic toast that held up the entire time (never a soggy moment).  The juices were very flavorful in this dish.  For me, it's the consistency with most mushrooms; however, these were cooked to the point where they had some charcoaling and it really worked for me.My main dish was the Pesci Franny.  I thought the grouper accompanied with the walnut and Frangelico was fantastic.  The sweetness of the Frangelico combined with the added texture of the walnuts made it very enjoyable.  I did think the presentation could have been better - perhaps less cannellini beans, I thought there were too many of them.My girlfriend ordered the Tonno and Tomato and we both thought the quality of the tuna was a bit off.  It was certainly cooked to the temperature ordered, but the quality didn't meet our expectations.  She raved about the sauce - so this sounds like an easy fix.Overall the experience was good - but my expectations were through the roof after some of the great things I heard from some folks that were at some of the soft openings.  I will say that the service didn't seem ready.  I didn't feel like there was a lot of knowledge with the restaurant and its offerings.  Though I was impressed to see the chef coming out to introduce himself and talk a bit about the dishes, and who doesn't like free cannoli's?  They were great, thanks!These are my first impressions, I'm curious to hear what others have to say and look forward to a return soon!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,4/25/2014,48,123,2,5,5>I was pretty disappointed when I found out that there aren't many Indian options in Newport News.  Nawab is the only option around the City Center area.  Thankfully, this particular Nawab is a great Indian restaurant.I've been here on a couple occasions, most recently for lunch.  They had the lunch buffet open until 3pm, which was good because we didn't get there until 2.  The selection was good, though I feel like I get more of a curry selection when I go to Saffron in Virginia Beach--but everything I tried was delicious.  I particularly liked the spinach and corn curry, and the coconut grilled chicken.  That chicken was the most flavorful chicken I've ever had.  They knocked it out of the park there.The prices were reasonable, and the service was good.  I'm a big fan of this location.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,4/24/2014,60,60,1,7,5>My wife and I spotted this restaurant, when we were going to one of our other favorites and decided we had to give it a try.  As we walked in, we were greeted by a bubbly young lady, who welcomed us and sat us down.  I noticed the nautical/WWII style motif - and also noticed that there was '40s music playing over the speakers.  Nice touch.The server gave us time to peruse the menu long enough for us to make our drink selections.  Both my wife and I went with raspberry sweet tea, and it was awesome!  Probably some of the best raspberry tea I've had (and I LOVE raspberries in every way, shape and form).  Took a while to digest the menu, we were a little surprised it was only breakfast & lunch (and we were there for dinner), but hey - we'll try anything.  In keeping with the nautical theme, everything is named for something tied to the Navy/military.  I decided to go with The Veteran (Steak & Eggs on a pretzel bun), with a side order of potato salad.  My wife ordered The Captain (Grilled chicken club sandwich on a pretzel bun) with a side order of fries.  Originally, she ordered the shrimp macaroni salad - but they were out.  The nasty weather as of late apparently interrupted their supply chain a bit.  I'd say that's understandable.Our sandwiches came out both at the same time, and well prepared.  Their pretzel buns were delicious, and the steak was cooked perfectly.  The first half of my sandwich melted in my mouth, and I relished every bite.  The second half I ran into some gristle problems with the steak - making it tough to chew through.  I think a recommendation I would have would be to trim the steak a little better, or use a leaner cut - so that the customer doesn't have to work too hard.  My wife's sandwich was really good, and as reported fries were just OK.  The potato salad was very good.  The owner came over and welcomed us and talked to us for a little bit - which I think is good for any small business.  I would rate this a solid 3 1/2 stars, but bumped it up to 4 because of the service.  We didn't feel suffocated, the service was good and overall we enjoyed the experience.  There are other things on the menu that I wouldn't mind checking out in the future as well.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/23/2014,13,39,3,6,5>Im writing this review in front of the restaurant. It was that good!I've just finished an order of cured pork spring rolls, a grilled pork sandwich, and half of a house special sandwich. I had to stop myself. The sandwiches are great here. I've been looking for a great vietnamese sandwich since leaving California and I finally found my new spot. The spring rolls were great. Perfectly balanced with delicious cured pork and fresh ingredients and some chopped peanuts (which i wasn't expecting but really complemented the dish well). The grilled pork sandwich has always been my personal favorite of the vietnamese style sandwiches. If you've never had one it starts with a baguette, seasoned grilled pork (of course), mayo/butter sauce, cucumber, cilantro, daikon and carrot pickle and fresh jalapeños. The peppers do pack a punch so be ready for that. The bread has great texture and flavor, the meat is delicious and all the veggies are crisp and flavorful. It all just comes together very nicely. I highly recommend this sandwich. I also tried the traditional Banh Mi sandwich which has the same veggies but is made with liver pate, vietnamese meatloaf, and head cheese. Traditional vietnamese cold cuts. I just had to get the classic to make sure it measured up to other places I've tried. And it did. If you want traditional go with the house special. But i personally, really enjoy the grilled pork. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great sandwich, and not just a vietnamese sandwich. I still need to try their soups. But for now, I'm happy i found a place to grab these awesome sandwiches. Oh, and the service is great too!Try this place, you wont be disappointed.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,4/22/2014,4,69,3,7,4>Excellent authentic mexican food.  My favorite is their tortas (mexican sandwiches).  The torta cubana comes on fresh bread overflowing with three kinds of perfectly seasoned meat and just about every mexican topping you can imagine.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  It's definitely a hole-in-the-wall with a casual ambiance.  You'll hear a lot of Spanish, but the staff are easy to communicate with.  It's possibly the best Mexican food in the area.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,4/21/2014,114,446,3,9,7>This is my boyfriends' friends place. Had to stop by and meet Alan the owner...and to try his food. First of all the service was wonderful. We sat at the bar and the bartender was ver nice and made some wonderful suggestions. She definitely knew the menu. The fried green tomatoes with the magnolia sauce...fantastic. Perfectly fried. The sauce, sweet with a touch of heat from the jalapeños. Mmmmmmmm.Next we had the salmon BLT. The homemade coleslaw was fab! The fish was cooked perfectly...just as we ordered, medium rare.  The remoulade sauce to dip our hand cut fries in was perfect.  The tomato mayo on the sandwich was also da bomb. We will be back to try the shrimp and grits and whatever else tickles our fancy.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,4/20/2014,171,233,5,10,7>I go back and forth on whether I want to give that 5th star since I really enjoyed my experience at this new place. My man and I were looking for a seafood place and with our first place striking out as too busy, we decided to head here since I've had the place bookmarked.Once inside, we were greeted by the host and he sat us immediately in a booth. From here, there was a good wait for our waitress to arrive. We almost started wondering if they had forgotten us when the waitress did appear. She started us off on some a pitcher of water and a couple glasses. I did think it was weird that she didn't put the water for us. When she came back for our orders, we asked for a recommendation on what wine to drink. We ended up choosing one of her recommendations for the Rose which had a nice little bubble to it.Our food arrived and everything looked impressive. I ordered the raw oysters which were the Sandy Points from Cape Charles. Surprisingly for a place that has oyster in their name, this is the only kind that they served. The oysters were pretty fresh, but didn't seemed to be shucked all the way as there were some I still had to finagle out. Still, they made a great selection on this one oyster since it was very fresh with brininess that wasn't overwhelming. For me ordering a half dozen, I ended up getting seven. Not sure if that was on purpose since the oysters were smaller than some I have had in the past, but that extra one happily made it to my tummy.Next up was my old bay shrimp that was on some grilled toasted bread. The bread was a great addition to the dish since it held all the flavor of the sauce that it came with. I also tried my boyfriend's since what's his is mine, right? He ordered the Oysters Rock and She Crab Soup. The oysters had some smoky flavor and spice to it. My boyfriend really enjoyed this dish as it has been a while since he last ordered it. The soup was also delicious and there was crab meat chunks in the soup! SOLD!We both enjoyed the atmosphere of the place to the point that the boyfriend didn't want me to check in so we could keep this place to ourselves. Oops, too late!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,4/19/2014,57,40,2,7,3>If you're craving a pizza, GO HERE!!  If you're craving a pizza on a Sunday, GO HERE!!  I say that because on Sundays they have a special for a large pizza.  I forgot the price but I remember my total being under $10.  I wonder if they still have that.  It has been awhile since I last been here.  Their pizzas are great and it does not taste like something old or frozen they cook for you when you order.  Careful though cause when you bite into it, the toppings come right off!!  They load it up!  I love it!  Well it falls off for me.  Maybe I'm eating it wrong?They have an outdoor sitting area where you could eat your pizza with that night time breeze blowing in.  Or hot humid breeze during the day.  Whichever you prefer.  Great night place to go to also.  Pizza and Beer, what more can you ask for?!  Speaking of beer, they have a wide selection of it.  No complaints with the wait staff also.  They are very knowledgeable with the specials and know the menu inside and out.  They even recommend something for you if you can't decide based on your preferences.  That's great customer service right there!I basically have no complaints about this pizza place.  Every time I go here it has been a pleasurable experience.  Atmosphere, staff, and food are all great!!  Give it a try!!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/18/2014,119,199,6,11,10>Years ago when I was but a wee lad growing up in the upper midwest, Mom and Dad would load my sister and me into our hulking Ford Galaxy to make our weekly trip to visit Gramma Dora who lived in a massive old farmhouse about an hour away.  I always looked forward to these trips because Gramma had a huge upstairs with rooms filled with bright and shiny treasures, at least in the eyes of this innocent youngster.  To others, this was a house filled with junk (in fact, one room was known as The Junk Room), sometimes requiring a shuffling of feet to make it from one end of the room to the other.  Along the way, I found old magazines, metal toys, discarded cigar boxes, and glass figurines, each with its own history, its own story.  I would spend hours playing with these treasures, vicariously living the existence of each through the mind of a 7 year old.  My sister was a constant companion on these journeys, we would compare stories and invent new and up to date versions of what each discovery had endured.  Sometimes these items were props in our new imaginary adventures.  Our reverie was put aside only to go back downstairs to watch The Wonderful World of Disney, after which we piled back into the Ford and made the trek back home, but not before Gramma Dora would inquire what we had found and gave us her account of how each thing came to rest in the massive farmhouse.  As I got older, Gramma Dora would spend hours telling me about when she was a kid, what she did for fun, what her life was like, and how her life changed as she got older.  Gramma Dora was a cool old gal, on long car trips across the country, she was my backseat companion, sometimes even taking the oversized Soundesign headphones from my head to listen to the Elton John Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Double album that I had recorded onto cassette.  She would show me pictures of infant me sitting on Grampa August's lap.  He passed before I was able to really know him, but Gramma Dora assured me that I was just like him.  Gramma passed from this life when I was in High School, but to this day, when confronted with a fork in the road, I think of what advice she would give, which direction was the way to the unfound cool and exciting.Cool and Eclectic is my connection back to those days.  It is filled top to bottom with treasures and memories from years gone past, with treasures that have history and stories of their own.  When I see an old pinball machine, I'm taken back to my misspent youth where my pinball partner and I would rule the King Tut table at our local restaurant.  The bins filled with vinyl records are a link back to that time, to what I was doing, to what I was feeling, to what I was dreaming.  My visits to Cool and Eclectic are not shopping trips, but rather side trips down the too long ignored rabbit trails of yesteryear.  You don't shop here, you linger here.  You contemplate here.  At best, you recharge, you reconnect with those hopes and dreams of youth and find a way to find that path again as an adult.To compile a list of what is here is fruitless and not the best use of time.  Instead, you visit, you bask, you remember.  You allow yourself to dream.As a teenager standing at Gramma Dora's fresh gravesite, a fellow mourner came up behind me, but his arm around my shoulder, and said,'You had a real nice Gramma.'  At that moment, I shed tears of sorrow at my loss, and tears of joy of what I had the chance to experience.  Although my visits to Cool and Eclectic don't elicit the same visible response, somewhere deep inside this grown adult, I find that moment again.  And it makes me happy. It makes me feel connected.Thank-you, Cool and Eclectic for being who you are, for being more than big box retail, for giving me the chance to pause and reflect on where I have been and where I am going.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,4/17/2014,83,62,4,9,7>Fantastic little spot tucked away behind a house off of Shore Drive. Upon driving up it looked like the spot was an old house connected to another house next door and the owners converted it into a small eatery. It's a little hard to spot the first time but once you see the pink house you're there.This is the place to go for some good home cooking. Much like their name implies, this is a little reminder of how good mom's cooking can be. They serve breakfast all day, which is always awesome, and they are a little diverse with the menu. I tried their wings as I noticed their sauces are homemade. I had the Thai wings and they were fantastic. The wings were huge, cooked perfectly and the Thai sauce was tasty without being spicy. I'm not a fan of spicy food but I'm sure they can oblige spicy wings. I also tried their french fries which were cut in store and seasoned just right. If I'm correct a little cilantro was thrown on there to add color. The dishes looked great and tasted great, too.The service was friendly as there were two guys running the kitchen. Since I ate there they were nice enough to give me a free smoothie that they made. It wasn't a giant cup but it was a nice gesture which went a long way to making me feel welcome. Already looking forward to checkin' out this spot again and try their breakfast. I'd recommend it, especially considering how good their wings are.  JV
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2013,4/16/2014,96,146,1,5,5>My inner fat kid wanted pizza. Therefore pizza was had!Tried this out for the first time ever. Had the delivery service. Took less then one hour. Pizza was real good. Nice crust. Nice cook on the bottom. Not watery or flimsy. Nice firm foldable piece. Wings were great, sausage on the pizza was kind of bland and the mozzarella sticks were kinda hit or miss however. I enjoyed the meal very much and the pizza itself was what I was after and it didn't disappoint. I recommend this be given a try. If your ordering Pizza Hut or dominos this is above that for sure.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,4/15/2014,533,177,14,28,22>Mariam's blew me away today!!  I stopped in after seeing it on Yelp - on the way to work.  I got a dinner to go.  First off - walking in I found the place to be clean and neat and refreshing.  I was greeted by the owners and a young employee and all were very friendly and helpful.  I was shown the selections and picked Pancit, Chicken Adobo, Sausages and a Beef BBQ on a stick.  Everything smelled great in the Restaurant and looked great.  I also saw fresh steamed crabs and a grilled fish and a lot more that looked amazing.  Mariam gave me a free Turon (bannana desert in a wrap) and it was awesome. When I was checking out - I almost fell over.  The price for this food was around (and I think less than) $7.50.  Amazing.I couldn't wait to have this food at work in the evening.Update - I heated up the great looking food and dove in.  The aroma was great, the food looked fresh and inviting (photo added) and the flavor knocked my socks off.  The Adobo was fall off the bone tender with a hint of sweetness but plenty of hearty flavor.  The BBQ beef was tender and had a fantastic flavor.  The sausages were amazing.  And the Pancit was off the hook great!!  Lots of amazing tasting food and at a great price with friendly people running it.   I hope they stay in business for ever!!  I want to eat here every chance i get!!  Mariam (and crew)  Welcome to Virginia Beach and thanks for making my day!  I'll be back (hopefully tomorrow)Photos added (more soon)Jim
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,4/14/2014,79,115,1,7,5>I finally had the opportunity to try this place for lunch, and I'm so glad I found this place! I would say it's comparable to a Panera Bread or Jason's Deli, but much better.They have a large variety of salads and sandwiches with delicious sides to choose from as well. I liked how the menu was written on a wall-sized chalkboard that you could easily see when you walk in the door. The descriptions of the sandwiches were all so mouth-watering that it was hard to choose just one! I ended up getting the Medi Veggie with sweet potato fries. I was extremely satisfied with my meal and didn't feel like crap afterwards! The bread was very fresh and crispy. The sandwich had a perfect mix of hummus, spinach, mushrooms, roasted red peppers, and feta cheese. And I loved the sweet potato fries! They seemed to be fried with a little bit of salt on the outside, which gave you the perfect mix of sweet and salty. I don't think I've ever had sweet potato fries anywhere else that tasted like that.Although the restaurant was packed when we walked in, there were several people with take-out orders and my friend and I snagged a table right away. Our food was also prepared quickly. I definitely have to come back and try some more sandwiches!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,4/13/2014,105,151,7,5,3>Let me just say that I have had a long, amiable relationship with Twist Salon. All of the names in this review have been changed so no one feels uncomfortable.I started getting my hair cut here when I first moved to town in 2003 by a girl..oh let's call her shmAnne.. shmAnne cut my hair for quite some time and did a phenomenal job! Then she had to go and get herself pregnant. I was lost. shmAnne left my life just as quickly as she had entered. It was a true Twilight moment. I wandered the streets of the 757 confused and hurt to say the least. Finally I built up the courage to reenter the salon and trust people again.That's when I met another girl..let's call her shMegan.. shMegan began cutting my hair and doing such a wonderful job that I began to feel guilty not seeing shmAnne.. I would purposely book my appointments on days when I knew shmAnne wasn't in. Every trim felt like a filthy affair with shMegan..but I couldn't stop! She handled the clippers so amazingly. She was like another shmHoudini. I highly recommend this place! The owner shmTodd is a fantastic fellow! Book it ASAP! You won't be sorry!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/12/2014,31,70,4,7,5>If I need any health food or vitamins, Heritage Natural Market is the place i head to at the Beach. When you get there, sit in the parking lot for a few minutes and you will notice that at least 50% of the customers leave with a white cup in their hand. Here's why. They make KILLER smoothies! I am seriously addicted to their Dreamsicle - Banana, almond milk, Orange / Banana Fruitein Smoothie. Their cafe has some very healthy and tasty items on their menu. Make sure you check it out!Don't be put off by the bohemian atmosphere. You'll see plenty of dreads and lots of old hippies, but everyone is extremely friendly and helpful. I dig the local produce. Lots of natural products. You can even get a massage here!You'll be guaranteed to leave this place feelin' groovy!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/11/2014,57,77,2,9,4>********UPDATE********  -  4.10.2014So we came back here today - almost a month after my last review.Things have looked up.  They have improved the decor of the windows and also the service time was spot on quick.  Appetizer came in exceptionally fast and our food in a timely manner just after we finished our food.  As we expected, the food was absolutely delicious.  The owner came to us and asked us how we liked our food.  Folks this guy REALLY, REALLY cares about customer service.  Before he came to us, i watched him talk to several tables and make sure that each table was exceptionally happy with their food and service.  One table had an issue with the heat of their food.  They weren't complaining but were just making a note that they wish they had it different.  The response from the owner - let us make you a complete new one.  The lady insisted it was ok but my point is that this establishment cares DEEPLY about customer satisfaction.  More than most places that we've visited.For the folks who gave slightly negative reviews, did you notify this to the manager on duty?  I just don't believe that they would let anyone walk away without being exceptionally satisfied.  For anyone reading this review and considering going here, I highly suggest going here as the food is really good and they are determined to make everyone 100% happy.*****************************Original Review***  - 3.17.2014Came here opening weekend on Friday.  We were really excited to come here as it's close to our home and we love Indian cuisine.When you first come in, the entrance is on the side of the building that faces closer to the interstate.  They have a small bar that would double as the waiting area.  The facility itself appeared very bland - but more on that later.For dinner, I ordered a chicken mushroom dish and my wife ordered a curry.  I'll be honest, the food took quite a bit of time.  However, we kept our expectations realistic as I'm sure opening weekend always requires time to work out the kinks.  The best part of all this:The food was FANTASTIC.  Absolutely fabulous.  Even though it took some time, it was completely worth the wait.  It should be noted that the Rajput scale of heat is a little hotter than other places.  If you usually get med-hot, get medium.  You'll thank me later =)   Honestly, if the speed of their service didn't kick up, we'd still go and just set time aside to go here knowing the food quality is awesome.The only thing I would hope they do is add a few more beers to their selection.  Their wine selection was very vast... with only two beers.  Again, they're just finding their stride.  I'm sure it'll all come together.NOTES about this visit.The owner came over and talked to us and was super apologetic about the service time and actually asked for some suggestions.  This is where it got interesting.My first quandry was about the beer/wine menu.  When we arrived they didn't have one.  Immediately he said that the new menus arrived that day at 4 oclock.  He even went back to show us the new menu.  +1 for him!Then since the evening was cold I suggested they do something about the high volume of windows they had since it let the chill into the restaurant.  Quickly he said that there are new curtains on order for the entire restaurant.  Again +1 for him!!Our visit here was excellent.  With the food being absolutely fantastic combined with the owner being really interested in our input, made me confident that we'll be back and that this place will succeed.  I highly, highly suggest coming here for dinner.  I'm sure I'll be back for a lunch and will add to this review after I do.Food taste - 5Overall Service - 4Value of food to cost - 4Facility - 4Repeat customer? - yes
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,4/10/2014,48,178,2,4,4>This place has so much nostalgic value to me. My best friend's parents are members & I spent many summer days with her at the pool during middle & high school. We always used to order their in house made chicken salad sandwiches, that are to this day the best chicken salad I've ever had. I loved all the food you could order from the grill. It also became my first job when I was 16, working as a banquet & pool server. I had worked many a weddings here during high school & was happy this past weekend to return after almost a decade (sigh) for one of my childhood friend's wedding reception.  It's a great place for a small/medium sized reception. Plenty of views of the water & a large deck on the back for party goers. Couldn't tell you a thing about the golf course, but the clubhouse is fabulous!!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,4/9/2014,59,189,3,9,4>It's a beautiful venue, mostly because it's new.  What do I know about architecture?There was a really bossy usher, who literally shoved me aside after she told me the [wrong] way to go.  But thereafter, all the ushers were overly friendly and responsive. Seated on the first floor (orchestra) in about the 10th row, I was able to enjoy a clear and comfortable view of the Moscow Ballet's Great Russian Nutcracker.I cannot comment on the highly raved acoustics of the theatre, because there was no orchestra.  (What a flop, Moscow.)  However, the recorded music sounded great and filled the venue.I will most definitely return.  For live music.  Or anything, really.  I love the arts.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,4/8/2014,122,43,14,17,12>Okay, here we go...I've been meaning to get around to reviewing Happy Times Food Mart for quite some time and figured I'd do one before my next semester started up and I further procrastinated. My fellow Yelpers, lend me thine ear...or, rather, thine eyes...Happy Times Food Mart, or as I just like to call it, Happy Times, is a bit, ummm...let's see, how can I put this in layman's terms? Alright, to hell with it -- Happy Times is located in the 'HOOD! Nestled at the corner of George Washington Highway and Elm Street it's outwardly appearance isn't exactly going to give you a warm and fuzzy feeling. But that jerk sauce will...The parking lot is littered with potholes and in some cases -- trenches! Yeah, so if you have one of those "smart" cars or lowered trucks you may want to park on the side street adjacent to the property known as Lindsay Avenue. There's a 7-Eleven across the street to the east and a mom and pop mechanic shop across the street to the north.Here's the scoop and the skinny people: I discovered this place one day when I was stuck at the light during rush hour and looked up and saw a sign that read "Curried Goat, Jerk Chicken, Oxtails" and it was a wrap! The inner West Indian/Latino in me was willing to look past the outwardly appearance and take a chance. The store isn't the prettiest or most aesthetic but I'm a former Sailor. I used to eat in a place called the "mess decks"! You can definitely tell upon entering that it's an older store and was probably something else years ago but the setup inside makes sense. There are aisles of goods from washing detergent to cat litter. There are ample refrigerated items to choose everything from juices and sodas to an assortment of malt liquors and those energized frou frou beers. No thanks. I always say "hello" upon entrance and then make the beeline to the back of the store where there's a buffet-like setup that usually features several entrees like jerk chicken, curry chicken, oxtails, stew chicken, curry goat with sides like rice and peas, yellow rice with vegetables, cabbage, string beans, yams, corn and other items. The selections change daily but the cabbage is pretty much a mainstay as a side. They have lunch specials where you get one entree and one side for like $6 or something like that. I rarely ever get there for lunch so I always end up getting the dinner which is perfect for a strapping young lad like me. That generally means I get the jerk chicken with two sides -- rice and peas and cabbage. I also tell Earl (the cook) to scoop a couple spoonfuls of jerk sauce over my rice. If you don't ask then he may ask you. Helpful note: Earl makes pans of food fresh daily so when he leaves and the pans sell out then that's it. I've been to the store enough times to know the timing pretty well. If you venture inside to get food, do so before 6:30 - 7:00 p.m. or else you may be looking at items that run out. The store owners tell me hungry Sailors come through and clean them out. The food: Look, I've visited more of the "upscale" and aesthetic Jamaican restaurants in the area and they're cool and all...but Happy Times, to me, beats them in taste and quality. Dare I say that the food evokes memories of my childhood! I think that's why I visit here so much...the staff is cool and laid back and the food reminds me of better days when I was a youth visiting my grandmother in Flatbush.Okay, enough of the sentimental stuff. Let me wrap this novel up...In CONCLUSION, Happy Times offers great food for a great price. The portion sizes are very sufficient. I'm far from a petite dude and I never finish a meal feeling jipped. You get plenty of bang for the buck here. I will also say that Happy Times isn't spot on everytime. Some days my jerk isn't as spicy as I like it or may be a tad bit too salty. But me and the cook/store owners are cool enough to where I mention it to them and adjustments are made. The location is in a very urban part of town so if you decide to visit keep your head on a swivel and you will be fine. They take credit cards but the purchase has to be over $6 I think. Oh! And watch out for those potholes! Don't say I didn't warn ya!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,4/7/2014,163,183,4,13,5>Kimchi that's not "salty"? What!? Who knew? Asahi freaking rocks! Sadly my wallet does not think so. We've been here a few times with a good amount of people, so they always seat us in the private/karaoke room. They have an awesome karaoke system, but it's only limited use for certain times? At least that's from what I could remember. The decor is your typical modern day Asian restaurant. It's not too upscale but certainly no hole in the wall. Restroom is always clean and is in the rear of the restaurant. The food, fan-effing-tastic! I think everyone loved their food and the many side dishes. The least favorite was the beans, but not at all because they taste bad or anything, but just as a personal preference. I've tried the dak bulgogi and the Haemul Dolsot Bibimbap on different occasions and both were terrific. The flavors were all there and it was the perfect blend of spices! Also, they serve amazing soju! They have what they call "Yogurt Soju" which tastes similar to what a yakult would taste if it was alcoholic. Careful with this one, it will sneak up on you on both the price (each big bottle cost around $27) and the alcohol. They also have watermelon and pineapple soju, which are contained in their respective fruit. The server we got is always fun and friendly! Just a hint, order way ahead of time before you plan on going here with a big group. It saves so much time! Just make sure you keep an organized spreadsheet of who pre-ordered each dish. Also note, they are redoing their bar area to extend around the karaoke lounge, so they currently have that space closed off (No Karaoke for a little bit, sad panda!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,4/6/2014,64,171,11,6,5>Nothing makes me happier than a Mexican restaurant where the staff speaks very little English.  This place is as authentic as they come.  500x better than any Azteca if you ask me.I ordered the Mojarra y Camaron.Pro tip:  this dish is an ENTIRE fish.  A whole tilapia with head, fins, tail.....everything.  Totally not what I thought I was getting.  I ordered thinking I was getting a couple fish sticks and shrimp.  Nah, I got an entire deep fried tilapia looking up at me likeWAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZZUP.After Nemo and I bonded, I removed his head and fins and dug in.  Very tasty.   The shrimp was cooked well, not rubbery.  The rice was fresh and not sticky.   I will never order this again, not for lack of being delicioso, because it absolutely was.....I'm just not a fan of eating food that is still looking at me.   I'll definitely come back to Mi Casita, it's a little gem of a restaurant.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,4/5/2014,18,133,,6,5>The mailer for $1 off brought me in (what can I say, I'm a sucker for any deal), but I'm glad because I would have never known it existed without it!The good: Very clean inside, classic boba/asian theme on the inside that would fit in anywhere in SoCal. The workers were incredibly nice and gave us free popcorn while we waited for our drink! The store itself was surprisingly big, so I understand why other reviewers mentioned it would be a good place to hang out and study or read (especially with the free wifi--which doesn't surprise me much since it seems like it's almost an expectation now). The boba itself was pretty decent, but not the absolute best I've had. The tapioca was perfectly cooked and the rainbow jelly was plentiful! The not so good: It was a little strange but there was really no place to park to come here! We ended up parking on the backside of the building, but it seemed a little shady and I'm not totally sure we were allowed to park there. I also thought the boba was overpriced--even with our $1 off. $5-6 for a sm/lg is just too much in my opinion--it's not like they are using fresh fruit! Also, they claim to have pastries, but the only ones I saw were pre-packaged ones that looked the same as ones you'd find in a gas station...I thought it was strange, but maybe they intend to have real pastries in the future?Overall: It's always nice to have a boba place in this boba-desert called hampton roads. The store is pretty cool and service was great! The prices...not as much. The boba was very good but not the best, but good enough for me to come back.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,4/4/2014,76,81,2,8,6>This place is amazing! Definitely my favorite pho restaurant in the 757! We're from va beach, and is definitely worth the little drive here! First off, the appetizers. You have to try their sweet and spicy wings! It's so good, and they give you a generous amount. It's full of flavor! We also tried their spring rolls, which was delicious as well! Also, they sell French fries! I LOVE French fries, and was totally not expecting that. As far as their pho, what made me really love this place is how they sell kid size portions. I rarely am able to finish a small sized pho, so seeing this option made me super happy! It's the perfect size for me! Their pho is so good and they have many options to choose from. Lastly, another cool thing they offer is boba. My good friend is obsessed with boba and was thrilled they sell it! He said that it was really good, and is excited to try different flavors. It's safe to say that we are definitely coming back, even though we have to drive a little farther! :)
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,4/3/2014,509,292,2,10,7>I am so happy this place has finally opened its doors. Located in what I call the "mom corner" of Hilltop, it's such a better alternative to neighboring Starbucks. I must admit, I exploited my son for promises of free coffee, so he was a part of their cute commercial advertisement they posted on the internet. I became pretty chatty with the owners wife through this. Their vision was great, I love that they serve food other than pastries and the KeepCup idea they have is fantastic. I have yet to get mine, but soon!! I have tried several of their flavored coffees and so far, their mocha is my favorite. The coffee itself has a unique flavor to it, like nothing I have ever tried before but I absolutely enjoy it. Artisan creates the pastries and soups, which are so delicious. I have yet to eat anything here that wasn't pleasing to my palate. The soups are especially delicious. The baristas are all super friendly and "coffee creative" and the interior decor is simple, but hip. I love the indie tunes playing in the background as well. All in all this is a great little addition to VA Beach. I always dig a unique spot and they definitely have their own little thing going on. Check it out, you will not be disappointed!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,4/2/2014,198,161,3,6,4>So many beer options your head will spin.  Our server was very knowledgeable of the beer list and could answer many questions which I found impressive.  I ordered the Reuben schnitzel which was not only a tasty sandwich but attractive too!  Many people enjoy the vinegar potato salad.  I tried it and it just wasn't for me. The vinegar was overwhelming.  My only complaint is that there is absolutely no healthy menu options unless you order a side salad which is super small and consists of iceburg lettuce and a few vegetables.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,4/1/2014,99,254,3,4,3>Update to my first review On my second trip here, I found vegan options a plenty. They were both inspired and delicious! Vegan risotto, kale salad, quinoa salad, roasted cauliflower and hazelnut salad, and last night's phenomenal special - asparagus tempura with a light, crunchy chickpea batter. Every single thing we ordered was spectacular. I also learned from another yelper that the Montessori school provides an extra source of parking after the school closes.The service continues to exceed expectations and our hostess, wait staff, and I believe the owner all worked hard to ensure we felt welcome.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,3/31/2014,14,98,,4,4>So, I decided to try this place out with some friends after reading up on some YELP reviews from fellow yelpers and YOU guys are right on the spot! This place is awesome. Great staff, very accommodating, very quiet interiors, nice decor, prices were reasonable and let me tell you about their food. Food = DELICIOUS!This was my 2nd time trying out THAI food and I must say, because of this place, I am IN!This is a great place to dine. Even though it's tucked away and hidden from the main road, is it very elegant and nice.We had a fantastic time. We will be going back there again.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,3/30/2014,72,106,,6,4>So I finally made it to Judy's! I missed like 6 UYE events so I have been wanting to try it although i was very intimidated with the food, as I thought i wouldn't find anything I would like but your typical american Asian dishes I know....Which I ordered to be safe...Beef and Broccoli! Everything was great! I tried things I never knew I would like. Like all others say the onion pancakes are great. It was all good, Id like to go back and experiment more!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,3/29/2014,124,171,1,9,4>Oh I am definitely loving the vibe here on Friday nights...Free entry all nightStrong drinksSuper fly atmosphereAttentive waitstaff and securityGood peopleI could go on...I did not check out the restroom...but if it's a reflection on the interior of the venue it should be safe to use.I joined friends here after receiving an invite to come celebrate life!!  I love to have a good time and this place here...i had a grannnnnnnnnnnd time!!My waitress, Quinn...she was on point.  Even after I ordered my meal, she checked on me throughout the night to make sure my girl and I was straight...YOU GO GIRL :)Another waitress (selling shooters) Kristina...oh she was on her hustle!!!  I dont know if she had a quota to meet...but she was selling them shooters left and right.  I think I even spotted her following a few patrons.  Nevertheless, she got the job done...several times!!!  I even pulled her aside to let her know she was definitely ON ONE!!!  She's a cutie too :)The security...Jeff...he made sure my friend and I were comfy and chilled.  And by chilled he brought over some fine white wine for the ladies :)  YOU GO BIG BOY!!! Aside from the girl on girl dancing in the middle of the floor throughout the night...this place is super awesome!!  The lighting, the DJ, the free admission...a good time is just waiting to happen every Friday night.The dress code was relaxed as well.  So relaxed that I thought some people just came from the playground...hmmmmmm...but everyone were in good spirits.  I will definitely return REAL SOON...they have some themed parties coming up.The food...I had the steak and chicken skewers.  They were served on a grilled pineapple.  The presentation was awesome...I believe I included pics.  Now unless they were supposed to be served cold...they both were chilled (COLD).  It wasn't so bad that we couldn't eat them...but when I think of steak and chicken...ummmmm I'll take it hot please for $200 alex!!  Nevertheless, my girl and I ate it all...very good flavor!!!I'm definitely looking forward to trying more menu options. They also offer happy hour...I believe 7 days a week.There is VIP seating and few table tops with chairs as well.  Get there early as I assume it starts to fill by 1130...12a.  They close at 2a.  And there is plenty of parking.  The venue is located in a shopping center.  I might add the venue itself is just the right size.  Not too big and definitely not a match box.  They have 2 exits....so in my booking they are winning!!  Safety first :)Hope you can make it...if it's a Friday, you will definitely have a good time. #cherrystamp of approvalIt's for the crowd that enjoys R&B, rap and soul music...Friday night that is.  I believe Thursday nights are set aside as ladies night and top 40 is played.Be good...have fun :)
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,3/28/2014,107,136,7,13,7>Absolutely the BEST Gyro meat I've had in many years!!!! I am such a pig in mud! I ordered a Greek Salad w/ Gyro meat, a side of Tzatziki, and pita. I have ALWAYS ordered gyros/Greek Salads like this so I can make my own little baby gyros! Hehe AND let me tell you, I enjoyed EVERY scrumptious bite!!! I saved pieces of my pita to sop up the juices on my plate!! Wow.... Luckily, I was the only one in the restaurant because, I know I was making a lot of noise with each bite! For those that venture out here... Don't miss the driveway to the parking lot behind the building! If ya blink, you'll have to turn around! It's SOOO worth it tho!Delivery was quick & service was spot-on!I left finding Tzatziki on my pants & STILL tasted the remnants of spices! Excellent! Kudos for making this woman's day!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/15/2013,3/27/2014,84,331,1,7,4>Should have got the pho...looked so good! Instead I got the chicken curry which came with chicken breast chunks, carrots, and potatoes. Soup-like and pretty tasty, although the texture of the potatoes were off and my coworker's vermicelli was a better choice than rice. Generous portion, under $8 and came with a free plate of fresh watermelon, so I was happy.I look forward to coming back and trying the grilled meat combo. They also have a nice variety of Asian drinks like soybean milk and Vietnamese coffee. Looks like they don't have banh mi or boba, just FYI.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,3/26/2014,37,327,,6,4>Super friendly server, food was excellent!! Had pictures on wall of many meals but menu was descriptive enough.I had a steak quesotaco.  It was corn tortillas, onions, cilantro, and some cheese between the tortilla layers.  It was simple but tasty.  My gordita was a nice surprise. I got chicken and wow, was this flavorful!  I enjoyed the gordita very much!One child had a quesadilla.  This is good cheese, not your basic block from the local store.  We all really liked the flavor.  Rich.  My other child got a chicken chimichanga with the queso on top.  WOW, it was full of chicken and the flavor of it all together was perfect.  My husband got the supreme burrito.  Rice/beans/steak.....the steak tasted very good and it was layered very well.  Like perfectly balanced......not like some places where you end up with sour cream on one end.  This was perfect all the way through with all ingredients.  The rice and beans on the plates are way better than other 'mexican' places in the area.  The server was helpful when we said we had never eaten there.  Offered a lot of info about the meals without rushing us.  I love the HUGE cups of drinks.  When I needed a refill I begged for just a little in the bottom....no way I could drink 2 glassfuls lol.  The chips are thick.  Salsa was on the hotter side for the kids.  And the guacamole was chunky and mild.  There are desserts but we didn't have any.  And there is a store attached here....with more sweets and tons of products.  We don't live near this place but came to try it out and was very happy with all our food and service.  We will be back to try more.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,3/25/2014,40,107,1,8,5>What can I say that hasn't already been said? Nothing. This place is amazing.I got the Mr. Close Love, and the pork shoulder is crazy tender, nicely seasoned (without being salty), and is paired well with the sweet hot mustard & cucumber slices. The sweet potato biscuit is really, really tasty. Not at all dry and crumbly like most biscuits tend to be. I'd gladly come back just for the plain biscuits.I swiped a bite of my boyfriend's Bleu Blazer (what's his is mine, right? I think that's how that saying goes) and the chicken was excellent. Meat was tender and juicy, and the outside was crispy and wonderfully seasoned.The house soda (at the time, apple ginger, I believe) was great, too. If you aren't a fan of sugary sweet drinks, you'll love it.Whatever you get here, you won't be disappointed. Suggestions:A sign on the door asking everyone to keep the door shut while waiting in line would be helpful. We had been waiting in line behind people who had held the door open for a good 10+ minutes before a guy came and told *us* to keep it shut. A sign would help customers from feeling singled out.Also - as cute as the striped straws are - they are cardboard, and get soggy really fast. Unless you chug your tasty house soda immediately upon receipt the plastic up lid will tear the straw, and it will eventually fall apart on you.Other than that - this place is great. It's 100% worth the wait (and our wait for two orders, on a busy Saturday morning, was approximately 30 minutes). We'll definitely be returning again & again.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,3/24/2014,17,153,3,7,4>Took the girls to see the showdown between the Seven City Sirens and the Black Rose Rollers from Hanover, PA.  It was our first time checking out the roller derby, and I dare say it won't be our last.  (The kid has already started making plans to sign up as soon as she's 18)  Both teams looked like they were having a good time, even though the Sirens were kicking ass.  But, one thing we found out early is that points can rack up quick under the right circumstance, so you can't really count a team out until it's over.  This keeps even a seemingly lopsided event exciting.Looking forward to the next one.  Go Sirens!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,3/23/2014,28,86,,5,5>Wow! I wasn't expecting much and never batted an eye passing right by this place on Lynnhaven pkwy, but all that changed a couple Sundays ago.Friends of ours took us here for lunch (they swore by how good the food was!) So we came, not expecting much from the looks of the outside , walked in & decor was kind of confusing. Not sure what they were going for but we sat down . They gave us free garlic knots (what!) that were fresh and delicious. The group got a pizza to split ,but I had to be the oddball & got a sandwich. It was some kind of fried chicken sandwich on a ciabbata  bun. It tasted fresh and perfect! And the fries were soooooooooooo good. (yes that good). I know it wasn't an extraordinarily unique meal but they did it right! And at $7 it was a STEAL.Our waitress was so friendly & kind, it made the delicious meal even better!Then a couple days ago we ordered pizza for take-out...grande white pizza & added chicken & spinach. Droooool. Yep, it was FANTATASTIC. I have high standards for the quality of my food & apparently they do too...chicken & spinach were fresh! (unlike the usual frozen crap)  For $12 we got a fantastic large pizza...Also, a huge plus is they have online ordering! We will be coming here more often! Their prices are good & their food is FRESH (just like their name)  The only thing setting them back is the location. For some reason they chose a  shopping plaza where noone goes to  (next to the family dollar) Don't understand why they'd have such nice food in such a *not nice* area, but it won't stop me from coming back!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/22/2014,334,138,6,10,9>Don't be fooled and hesitate to come to this store, for not everything in here is hot.  From ketchup, peanuts, pancake mix, chutney, lollipops, salsa, jams, rubs, coffee, Bloody Mary mixes, and yes there is hot sauces !!! Great customer service as soon as you walk into the store and they are ready to offer you samples at there little bar so that you will be 100% satisfied with your purchase !!! Great place!!!!!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/21/2014,52,17,5,7,6>Hot cornbeef on sourdough-  Foodgasmm!!Jersey fries-  enough to share for 4. Win!Split one sandwich with a friend and still went home with leftovers... This is where diets go to die ^_^
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/20/2014,121,170,,6,5>I haven't personally been to Pollard's in ages.  In December (2013), I arranged a catered event with Pollard's - Norfolk.  Everything went swimmingly!  The food was great and just was advertised.I went for the Party Buffet #2. Platter consists of:  Fried Chicken, Chopped Pork, Barbecue, Country Potato Salad, Creamy Cole Slaw, Oven Baked Beans, Hushpuppies, Dinner Rolls, and Butter; they also provided us with the paper products and utensils - serving and dining.  All the hot items were actually HOT and served in aluminum trays.  We did that all of $8.59 per person - a bargain.If you have a party and need a buffet, let Pollard's help you. "Yay! I'm a fan.".
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,3/19/2014,27,57,,8,6>O Chic N Fish. You are one of the places I miss most about being stationed in horrible, horrible Norfolk. I remember the first time I convinced my husband to give you a try. He was mad that he didn't listen to my earlier attempts at getting him to try something new. I also remember that you were the first place I wanted to eat at right after I had my second baby. Sure enough, on my way back from the hospital, we stopped by and picked up enough food to feed an army (even though it was just my husband and I eating) and had a celebratory feast for bringing our newborn home. The extra painful bumps in the road post -cesarean was definitely worth sinking my teeth into your chicken. Even though I now have several Bonchon's in my new area, I still think of you. I especially miss your mac n cheese. How does a Korean place make such delicious mac n cheese? Your chicken is spot on and delicious and I could eat your pickled daikon as a snack all day long. And, your bulgogi is also really delicious. It tastes authentic and homemade. I didn't want to write a review until I left the area because, selfishly, I wanted you to be my little dirty, fried chicken secret. Others may complain that your food takes too long to make. But, that is only because it is made with care and love. Go to KFC If you want crappy fried chicken made quickly. But, for flavorful chicken, you guys own my fat heart. Language barriers aside, your service has always been informal and welcoming. I will truly miss your restaurant when we move completely out of driving range. But, until then, I will make sure I make a pit stop the next time I decide to drive down into the area.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,3/18/2014,34,139,,8,6>A beautiful place to enjoy some free trails and enjoy nature along the bay.  There are more trails than I had realized.  We even had the unique pleasure of a harbor seal sighting.  The kids enjoyed watching the snails slither along on the banks and the playground next to where CBF's Brock Environmental Center is being built.  This also seems to be a popular place for people to walk their dogs.  The next time you need a little fresh air go check out the trails at Pleasure House Point.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,3/17/2014,46,168,2,5,4>This place is gorgeous. A beautiful state of the art piece of architecture, steel and glass. It's amazing walking up to it at night because it's like a well lit glass house and since the walls are primarily glass you can see into most if the rooms. You can see people studying, having meetings, busying themselves with other activities.I spent countless hours in libraries as a child. I was a huge reader, and libraries were  my intellectual amusement park. This place could have been my Disney if it were around 2+decades ago. They have these awesome study rooms that look like observation rooms to me. Glass on three sides. With a large LCD screen mounted on the back wall. But no food allowed in the rooms. Not sure I could study for hours without food though.The bathroom is pretty far away, deep in the middle of the library, far from the circulation desk and the cafe. Perhaps this is for safety & convenience reasons. It is near the children's area. There is a second restroom at another location.Everything here is bright, clean, organized, modern and comfortably inviting.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,3/16/2014,43,132,,5,4>This is my favorite Mexican place in Hampton Roads.  I've been going here since 1999.  The staff is friendly and provide great service.  The food is delicious and is served steaming hot and very quickly.  They have a wide choice of drinks : beer, margaritas, etc.  I like the recent addition of having fresh guacamole made tableside.  I've tried too many dishes to list and I've never been disappointed.  We are here once or twice a month.  I sometimes sneak in without the family for lunch.  (Don't tell them.)
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,3/15/2014,31,234,6,7,5>Eat here. Don't question. Just go.Oh, you want me to elaborate? That kinda seems like you're questioning my recommendation. Well, service was fast and friendly. I had a plate of sides (pick three for $7). Huge portions delivered quickly. Collards, mac & cheese, candied yams. I couldn't finish it all. Compared to the collards at Chow, these are better. Compared to the mac &  cheese at AW Shucks, these are better. The yams will put you in a diabetic coma.Now, Julia was kind enough to let me have a fried chicken wing. She ordered the chicken and waffles with a side of spinach. If we are talking just fried chicken (not sauced, not flavored just a big fat wing and a seasoned skin), well I'm here to tell you it was the best I have ever had. Since the dawn of my taste buds, there has never been a better fried chicken wing to pass these lips. Waffles were hearty, spinach was bright, syrup was a throw away, but at that point I really could not care less. Eat here. And when you do, take me with you.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,3/14/2014,122,469,4,15,5>Finally something cool in Hampton Roads! I've been wanting to check this place out for awhile since there haven't been many reviews but its opening was surrounded by scandal. After a partnership with the shady ex-Guad's owner who was on the lam, the initial owner, Ernesto Alonso, had a bunch of his liquid capital stolen and had to be bought out by new owners. It's a shame when this happens because often the vision of the restaurant becomes watered down with a change of management. I hope this place can survive, however, despite all the controversy surrounding it. Walking inside, the place is huge and open; would be great for parties or work events (AHEM, Xerxes....elite event???). We showed up on a Saturday evening, while it was pretty much dead but I imagine this place to be the more late night/after hours spot. The menus are horribly awkward wooden things that take up much of the table and threaten to knock over your drink. What a weird thing, to have oversized, wooden menus. But I have to say, for a lounge, even perhaps masquerading as a bar, the food was outstanding. We started with a coconut ceviche that had a bunch of shrimp and lobster pieces. Fresh, creative, and well executed. I ordered the carne asada with a side of plantains and my friend ordered the crab cakes with some starchy veggie side that the server claimed was very good but was not. I don't think she had actually ever even tried it. Our entrees, however, were excellent. My carne asada had all the fix-ins and a nice corn tortilla that you could tell was purchased at an authentic mexican tienda (think Jesse's). Onto the drinks. The lead bartender, Josh, is very knowledgeable and passionate about his job, if not a bit too verbose for my liking. It sounds like he takes pride in creating many new concoctions that are not on the menu and changing them up weekly. The drinks listed on the hard menu looked great but apparently they were created pre-change of management and he prefers not to make them. His list was comprised of many masculine liquors (such as bourbon, whiskeys, cognacs, gins), which I found bizarre because this is, in fact, a tequila lounge and most people are here to drink TEQUILA. Frankly, I just think he catered a lot of the menu to HIS tastes, as opposed to what the general population would prefer. The drink menu begs to feature more tequila cocktails that really allow the star of the place, tequila, to shine. The drinks are served in very skinny, petite glasses, which is probably done to use less alcohol. My cocktail was $14. This isn't Manhattan, so for $14 I would like to be knocked on my ass not get a puny pour. With that said, he was very informative in guiding us through a couple tequila flights, that range from $25-30. It was interesting to compare young tequila to more aged varietals. If you come here, I highly suggest sitting up at the bar and letting Josh customize a tequila flight for you. I would pass on the undersized, overpriced cocktails, however.Service was friendly enough; I realize it's a new place and new management has come in but again, for the prices, everyone seemed kind of undertrained and a bit unsure of themselves. This is a tequila lounge, have hot servers come out who know their shit and can tell you anything about the menu and introduce you to new things. The bathrooms are a bit off too; I think they used to be a closet. When you walk in, you get welcomed with a hand-dryer to the face, a trashcan in the middle of the floor and a soap dispenser less than 2 inches above the counter. Above the entrance to the restaurant is a large projection screen that serves no purpose. I asked if it was for karaoke or conferences or something and got a bunch of non-answers. Weird things like that. I would like to see this place do a bit more marketing and introducing some events, like happy hours or guided tequila flights (as Josh suggested) or an advertised DJ with some upbeat dance music. They need a webmaster and an events coordinator (maybe salsa or merengue dance night). It has SO MUCH potential, I just hope these new owners have a similar vision as Ernesto. This needs to be a chic, hip place that couples and parties want to come out to late night, buy a couple bottles and hear some good music. Time will tell if it will work out these initial kinks and become that place.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,3/9/2014,38,84,2,6,7>When my spouse was out of town for work, the kid and I had our dinner date here. The kid and I started dinner with appetizers. I had the chicken skewers while kiddo had the seasonal pumpkin soup. I asked her how her soup was, which she responded with two thumbs up! And my chicken was extremely tender. Our waiter, Chad, was very attentive with us, making sure that everything was to our liking and that our glasses were always filled. After the first coarse, we shared an entree between the two of us. Usually when we do this, I have to ask the server for an extra plate, but once the food arrived, Chad made sure that the meal was split between us on separate plates. The little things like what Chad had done made our dining experience wonderful.In our house we had what we normally call the manna of the sea, which is mostly referred  by others as sea scallops, were extremely tender, just cooked to perfection and as I'm reviewing about the scallops, I'm still salivating over the taste of it. Later in the evening, it turns into a place to hang out, see and be seen. The social night life really opens up here. And as far as the food goes, we will definitely be back
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,3/8/2014,298,491,3,8,4>Regino's may not look like much from the outside, but there is much more to this 70+ year old family business once you step inside. There is no mistaking the exterior is indeed an old Pizza Hut. However the food cranked out from the kitchen of this Norfolk eatery is anything but ordinary chain grub. The history of this family establishment dates back three generations of Regino's. First located on Main St. in downtown Norfolk, then later Wards Corner in Norfolk and now it's present day home for twelve years on East Little Creek close to the Ocean View area in Norfolk.It's present day location is  just a quarter mile from Gate 2 Little Creek off of Shore Dr. it is easy to find. Look for it on the North side of the road and you will see banners for "Best of" for different years all along the East side. Parking was fine on my visit tonight, but if completely packed I could see an issue.I have been wanting to check this place out for a long time after seeing rave reviews from Joe D. and others. So what better time than New Years eve with the family. I had planned on take out and reviewing the menu once I arrived. I told the sweet middle aged woman that it was my first time and needed a menu to review. I was immediately treated like family on my first visit.  After discussing some options and recommendations I ordered a starter of fried ravioli and half peperoni, sausage. According to the woman everything is homemade and fresh. While waiting for pizza and set up at bar with a soda and bread on the house. The bread was hot and incredibly delicious.The inside is dark and cozy with a small bar in the middle. The dining room seating have perimeter booths , just like the ole style of the previous restaurant that occupied it's space. The decor is somewhat dated, but dare say it is charming and has a comfortable vibe.Lucky for me I was in early enough to avoid a big crowd and my take out order was ready in 15 minutes, or so. After arriving home in around 10 minutes the pizza and ravioli were still hot. They put a loaf of bread in with the order as well, so a great treat for the family to enjoy too. A nice size of Marinara sauce was included with the fried ravioli. After getting everything unpacked and on plates it was time to sample this great smelling chow. The pizza was super cheesy and had a healthy amount of meat spread all over every piece of real estate. I enjoyed the taste and texture of the pie which is a departure from you will commonly find. Everything was so fresh, but the crust was the hero, not greasy in the least and like a puff pastry. Not to be out down by the fried cheese ravioli which was down right scrumptious. I kept those bad boys dunked in the delicious red sauce often.I only held back a star because it was my first visit and I did not experience eating in the dining room. There is no hype in the reviews on Regino's. So when Joe D. says it's the best pizza in Hampton Roads I am not going to pick a fight with him and dispute his opinion. I look forward to coming back and providing an update.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/7/2014,74,230,5,8,6>This place rocks!  We have driven by it a bunch since it opened and we occasionally see Mario out encouraging us to come on in to check it out.  So, we did.  The first thing to know is that this place specializes in old school games.  I am sure they have new selections at good prices but I wouldn't know because I was too distracted by the Atari 2600 and Intellivision games.  Seriously.  If you are old like me, you remember the days when these systems were ruling the earth.  Well, they sell games for them.   In fact, they sell games for any system you can imagine from your childhood, no matter how old you are.  It is a very cool place.  I didn't look for Tecmo Bowl but I should have.  If you are too young to remember Tecmo Bowl, sorry, your childhood is incomplete!Anyway, I had an old PS2 stored away from back in the day so the boys bought a Star Wars PS2 game for like six bucks.  They loved it.  I guess the retro feel is exciting to them, too.  I would guess that we will go back soon to buy some other games.  If you are into game systems, this place will likely be right up your alley.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,12/21/2013,3/6/2014,8,13,1,5,5>You would have to pay me to go back. Let me just throw some logic your way. You are a drive in. People like to be out when it is nice out. Therefore you should expect to be busy when it is nice out. It would probably bc beneficial to learn how to operate under such stress because right now you SUCK at it. Here's another little food for thought, paper and pencil. Maybe if your servers wrote down the order I wouldn't have to repeat it 4 times AND it would be the correct order when I finally receive it 40 min later. A 100 year old blind man with no limbs would have been more efficient running this establishment today . Let me preface this by saying I was born and raised up north and apparently "we don't do BBQ right". That being said I really wish the pulled pork was covered in a sweet BBQ sauce. The meat itself was good and juicy, just lacking that BBQ flavor to me. I also got a strawberry float which I found to be way way way too sweet! My husband got the limeade and really enjoyed it! Best part of my visit was the famous waffle cone and butter pecan ice cream. Another plus is it's pretty darn cheap. Husband and I both had sandwiches and fries with floats and dessert for under $20. I think I'll stick with this place more for an ice cream run or end of paycheck but I don't feel like cooking run.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,3/5/2014,73,159,11,15,10>Holy donut-holes! I'm not normally a fan of cake donuts, but. But. BUT!! Wowza!Let's get through the boring stuff first. This shop is located next to the place that sells batteries in the strip plaza across from the new-ish Twenty-One complex on 21st St. There's a traffic light specifically for the plaza, and a large parking lot. Score and score on location. You place your order at the back an pick up at he counter in the front on your way out the door. Very beautiful decor, well thought-out. I didn't see any seating inside, but there was a table outside. This is definitely a Grab & Go Deal. But oh, baby, oh!It's a great idea, actually. They coat your donut with your choice of glaze or coating, and top it with an assortment of bits and pieces, pack it in a box and send you on your way with a smile. The donuts themselves are fluffy with a crispy golden exterior. I got a plain one to try (no coat, no frills), so trust me in this. The flavor was good with a very vague hint of something citrusy -- probably some lemon juice or zest. Not overpowering or in any way noticeable when eating a coated, topped donut. The PB-glazed, Reese's cup donut I just devoured was out. of. this. world.Go to O's. Taste some magic. Get some stretchy pants and put on some poundage for your winter hibernation.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,3/4/2014,91,52,1,11,7>The Dirty Buffalo is my favorite wing place in Norfolk. I've gone here twice, and the waitstaff has been consistently helpful with their recommendations and their service. It's space is small, but I went at about 8:30 PM on their Wednesday wing night both times and it wasn't very busy. Other reviews say that it gets packed, but maybe that's around 7:00PM. Anyways, when you order wings, be patient! It takes a while because they are made to order. And also, their wing night has changed from $0.50/wing to $0.60/wing. I love that the wings are fried then sauced. The ends of the wings are perfectly crispy, and the sauces are delicious. If you come here, be sure to ask if they have any special flavors! They often have a flavor that isn't listed on their menu, and it's usually super delicious.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,3/3/2014,66,117,3,4,4>I've been here a few times to hang out with the goats and birds and stuff. Lots of fun, lots of four legged things to pet (although the llama or alpaca thing always looks like he's about to spit at you), and overall a cool place to visit.  But really, it's almost a must-do in Virginia Beach at Halloween to do the Haunted Hunt Club.Been coming here for Haunted Hunt Club for at least the past five years straight. And every year they get better at doing it.  Two haunted walk-thru areas and a hay ride.  Save the Hay ride for last, because it's usually the best.  Just be careful and eyeball any groups that may be walking with you because you're more in danger of some random stranger freaking out and accidentally smacking into you than you are of an actor doing the same thing.Definitely hit this place up for Halloween.  And even if it's not Halloween, go there and pet a goat.  They're cute. And creepy.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,3/2/2014,196,641,3,8,4>L O V E. This store is pure magic. I can't leave without a large bag full of goodies. Their displays are beautiful, they are friendly and their prices allow me to grab many things without blowing the whole paycheck! Totally my favorite shop in Hampton Roads- maybe even the East Coast!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,3/1/2014,83,478,1,6,3>I thought this place was great.  I wasn't expecting much when I saw that it was located in the upstairs portion of the house it shares with Texture and walking across the porch laden with bum-ly looking college students (sorry guys - I was there once too) but once I walked up the charming stairs to the top I saw that it was a hidden gem!  It's clean, neat, and tidy, but still has some small coffee shop charm.  There was a ton of space for seating, with lots of tables and they had board games you can play.  The bathroom was roomy and clean and nice and they have a pretty large menu with some food items (muffins and brownies and such) and teas, coffees, iced drinks, and frappes.  I had just eaten the huge breakfast at Handsome Biscuit so I didn't have any space for anything to drink though I saw several things I want to come back and try, The Godfather looked interesting as well as their Chai.  I pretty much try the Chai everywhere and decide from there if it's a legit place - because if it's all watery and powder I know it's not the good stuff.  I'll be sure to come back and spend some time here when the weather gets nice again.  I wish I had known about this place while getting my M.A. at ODU.  I'd have loved to have had a place like this to go study before my late night classes but I didn't know about it back then.  Ah well, I'll be back!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,2/28/2014,72,218,4,8,8>This.place.is.awesome!!! Double awesome!Staff is always super friendly.  We have found during lunch time, the orders can take a few minutes (made to order), so we tend to now order ahead and get there 10 minutes later to save time as we do clock in and out like rug rats and have to stick to our lunch hour.I've had a variety of their subs and they are all awesome.  If you need a little meat, a lotta meat, or anything special - they do it.  My friend goes in all they time and they know her by name and treat her like family.  Anytime we go together, it's awesome - they already start her order since they know what she likes.Anytime I work out in VB, I make it a point to eat lunch here.  Do it!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,2/27/2014,63,174,3,8,4>A sneak local's park in the Great Neck area of Va Beach, Great Neck Park is located a stone's throw from the Great Neck Recreation Center, on the banks of the Lynnhaven River.  There are all the usual park amenities available here, including wonderful landscaping, picnic and grilling areas in small shelters and under majestic trees, a play area with swings, etc. for the kids, walking/jogging paths, and always clean and well maintained rest rooms.  But what makes this park really special is its location on the banks of the Lynnhaven, and its beautiful gazebo.  It's a really idyllic setting, and is often used for weddings, art shows, and lots of other local events and functions.  And yet, somehow, the park is never overrun with people; it's never crowded to the point where you're not able to enjoy the solitude, and feel a part of the surroundings.  So it's with some trepidation that I write this review of, and highly recommend, my favorite small park in Va Beach.  You can bet that, if I'd been the "First to Review," this review would never have been written.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,2/26/2014,129,351,1,6,4>Nice facility with friendly experienced staff that are welcoming to beginners. If you're considering giving yoga a try this is a great place to start. I stink despite trying for some time and in spite of my inabilities I always feel welcome being there. The yoga room is more than large enough to comfortably accommodate 10 to 12 students. There are two decently sized locker/restrooms and a single message room, which I haven't tried so I don't have anything to say on the message therapist. There's also an extra storage box at the entrance if the locker rooms are full.There are plenty of mats, towels and yoga supplies so no need to have anything other than yourself when you get there. Prices are decent and the location is convenient for most Chesapeake residents.Overall this is a nice place for yoga. It's clean, relaxing and has good instructors. Not sure if the prices are competitive compared to the beach? Still I give it 4 Stars and hopefully will get myself there a little more regularly, I certainly need it.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,2/25/2014,34,46,1,4,4>What a great event! Walking in from the cold weather into a warm (heated) and friendly event, you were welcomed at the door. Check in tables by last name made getting registered very easy. As you made your way into the event, there were tables for the silent auction. After passing that you walked into the grand room. A half circle of chefs and restaurants greeted you not only with sight, but delicious smell. As we made our first circle around to check out the food, you couldn't help but want up just jump in line and get food. Our plan was to start savory and end sweet. Well, that didn't work out as so many places had both! The group I was with loved Smalls BBQ with their pork belly, but I have to say, my favs of the night were Bravo! Bacon cookies and 80/20's brownies. Holy cow. I could have died and gone to heaven after eating those two treats. Overall, the atmosphere and ambiance added to a phenomenal evening that wasn't you're typical Saturday night. I look forward to next years event! Thanks to Xerxes for hooking it up.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,2/24/2014,62,168,2,10,4>My bar and grill try something new kick continues, today we headed over to the local celebrity grill, Flip Flops.The place has a nice looking bar area, patio and a cozy little dining room.  Some of the tables were professionally painted which really added a nice touch.  My waitress was super pleasant and attentive and I even managed to get a smile from the bartender!  (No bonus stars for that, but good for the ego!)Moving along, I wish I had started with the Scallop of the Day appetizer, I freaking love scallops, but I was like, no no... I need to have the Chorizo & Queso dip with chips.  While it was flavorful, it wasn't the most memorable of appetizers, next time it's the scallops for me. For my main entree I managed to resist the urge to get the Three Tacos featured on DD&D, and instead went with the Jamaican Jerk after my waitress confirmed the blue cheese gnocchi were fantastic.  The dish was, for my palette, REALLY spicy / hot and hot (temperature wise) it was definitely a challenge!  While it was a little hot for me, they added a jelly on top that was perfect and the blue cheese gnocchi were cooked to perfect.  It's a LOT of food, especially when you have to quaff down a bunch of sodas!  If you like spicy, I definitely recommend it.  The vegetable in season was broccolini which instantly gets a dubious look from me, because... you know, why not just have broccoli?  Instead of it's stemmy cousin.  Fortunately they had just the right amount of salt and butter to make it wonderful.I was way too stuffed to consider dessert.  Definitely give Flip Flops a try, the wonderful staff and environment make it worth your time.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,2/23/2014,38,55,4,10,9>If you love Handsome Biscuit, you'll love Field Guide. Located right off Granby, this little spot complements the cool and eclectic lifestyle that Downtown Norfolk is growing to be.The atmosphere is peaceful, the food is tasty, and the soundtrack was on point both times I've been there. Maybe I'm biased but eating a well prepared sandwich accompanied with the emcee lyricism of Nasty Nas echoing throughout the restaurant is a WIN-WIN. Not to mention the garage style store front that is opened on good weather days allowing you to enjoy your meal at the stand-up bar as "passerbyers" look in wondering what it is they're missing out on.They offer a signature sandwich menu with specific names. I've ordered the Ms. Kodiak and the Privateer, both of which were excellent. My side choice was their freshly cut sweet potato chips that were luckily made to order for both of my visits.This place really deserves great reviews and the pictures Yelpers have taken of their food can pretty much do all the talking.If you're strolling through Granby during lunch/brunch hours, stop by here, you won't be disappointed. Inviting staff and satisfying food, perfect for a quick lunch date.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,2/22/2014,263,519,,12,8>If you read my reviews then you know how much I enjoy the Bent Fork Grill. I try to make it here at least once a week and am still working my way through the menu. More often than not I end up writing about a burger, or my dog and a burger :) This time however I'm writing about something else. Wings... Didn't know the Bent Fork had wings? I didn't either. They're excellent wings and unique to. How so you ask? Well, they're grilled not fried and let me tell you that's an art form all unto itself. I tried these wings for the first time just a couple of weeks ago and they are delicious. The sauce is also a house sauce and it comes across as a combination of smokey BBQ with some heat. Absolutely delicious and if you like wings I recommend giving them a try next time you're at the Bent Fork.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,2/21/2014,118,112,7,7,6>Crafty!!!Love this breakfast nook! Well, they just don't have breakfast but they sure do serve breakfast all day... and I'm in love!You know you've found a good place when all the elders are flocking to it! Good size place and plenty of seating, if there's a wait, you won't be waiting too long!The chicken breast and eggs were delish!!! That's seriously a perfect combo of protein and protein!!! The chicken was juicy and just right!The French toast is anything but ordinary, very yummy! The bacon, cooked to perfection, the potatoes, forget about it, blew my mind! And the coffee, actually not bad "says the coffee snob".I will definitely be coming back to taste their other crafts!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,2/20/2014,38,130,1,6,5>Beautiful in the Fall/Winter time. I love this place. It is located in the Hampton area of Bethel off Big Bethel Road. Lots of family activities like canoeing, a nature trail, park, cabins etc.  Deer are in the park and are very friendly. The problem with this place is urban development is closing in on this nature spot, I feel so bad for all the animals that are trapped in that area for it is surround on all sides by development. Because of that, I don't recommend camping there because of the noise from nearby interstate 64 (that is the only reason why I give it  4 stars).  However if you are looking for a great spot to spend the day with family and friends, this is it! Great for Kids!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,2/19/2014,183,190,5,17,8>Shhhhh! Let's keep the best kept secret in Hampton Roads on the DL!  I don't know about you but I always wish I could take better care of myself with facials and chemical peels, but now I know I actually afford to do it.  I just left feeling so relaxed...and my face feels incredible!  I went to the back of this spa-type room filled with massage/facial tables, laid back, and let the magic begin.  All of the stress left me.  It was peaceful "me" time.Tonight, I came for my first visit with Courtney.  She is amazing and I would never know that she is a student.  They are all students taking care of you but they get plenty of education and training before they ever work on you so don't hesitate...do this for yourself.  Courtney did a full facial skin evaluation and then cleansed me, steamed me, rubbed me, exfoliated me...yes, it was everything I needed.  Guess what?  My one hour dreamy facial only cost me 25 dollars!!! Yes, really!! If you think that's awesome, won't you just love to know that they offer other self-indulging services too...try getting a chemical peel for $30!  Or, microdermabrasion for ...$30!!  They also do waxing, LED light therapy, IPL, and hair removal.  I did have a couple of concerns about my skin and what should I really be doing to take care of it.  You know how it is...you walk into Ulta or Nordstrom ready to try the next best age-defying fountain of youth formula, but I don't know what really works or what is really worth the money.  Courtney was able to tell me what I really need, all personalized for own skin concerns whether it is Vitamin A topicals or toner.  They do have products there and surprisingly, they were very reasonable.  I have seen plenty of hyperpigmentation creams sell for for a big bucks, but the one they have is only $17 and it lasts a while.  And, guess what?  This place isn't just for the ladies.  Guys, you have breakouts too and they can get you spiffed right up. Thankfully, they have nights where they are even open until 10PM, so my crazy work schedule is no problem for them.   I can go in the evening, get loosy goosy and totally relaxed, just in time to go home and drift off into bed.  I am so lucky to know about Chrysm and they are going to be my secret to beautiful, stunning young-looking skin.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,2/18/2014,63,152,7,7,7>I am late to the party. I've seen the reviews and heard how awesome this place is from my girls but I dragged my feet. Well Julia A made sure I stopped that madness last week when we went here for lunch. I just followed behind Julia and what she ordered because I was so overwhelmed by the smells and wanted to try EVERYTHING! I ended up with rice, spicy beef, spinach and this flat bread thing that tasted so delicious and buttery.Everything was DELICIOUS! And I love the fact that you can do half orders of everything, which is what I did. I think if I had done a full order, I would have hurt myself, lol.Definitely am going to go back because I want to try the desserts. They all looked fabulous. *didn't take any pics because I was too busy stuffing my face"
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/17/2014,121,78,3,9,6>This place has it at: ambiance, fantastic libations, and superb food. We went on a Friday night around 5:45 before the evening rush and got seated immediately.Our waiter Darren was polite and was an expert at the menu selections. For an appetizer we had a fried goat cheese with cranberry relish and a pimiento cheese board. Both were done amazingly. To complement our dinners we had a 1703 (Mt. Gay rum, Texas Tarragon, ginger, and cardamom) and a Smokey Jones (3 Bs - Bourbon, BACON, and brown sugar). The 1703 was mixed to perfection and tasted similar to a Dark and Stormy but with less spice. The Smokey Jones was simply sweetened bourbon with a bacon appetizer in it, but done well.For dinner, my girl had a succulent New York Strip with TASTY truffle parmesan fries and spinach with shallots. I had the INCREDIBLE braised short rib that was so tender you could cut it with your fork. The rib lay on a bed of creamy gnocchi that just mixed well with the main dish.As "dessert", we chose two equally good drinks: Bay Coffee that had hints of spice and a touch of bitter chocolate and Elephant Cocoa that tasted like a buttery tootsie roll. Thirty 7 North did an AMAZING job with everything. I am thoroughly impressed with this place and will certainly come back here again!PROS: Excellent mixed drinks, DELECTABLE food, great wait staff, elegant decorCONS: Careful, the menu items can deplete your wallet FAST.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/8/2013,2/16/2014,144,389,2,4,3>Came here during Hampton Bay Days. It was crowded, hot and humid inside of the store. A bit on the pricey side, as far as Ice Cream go. However, being hand dipped Hershey's, instead of semi-solid soft serve (from the vendor right outside their front door), which isn't even in the ball park, as far as ice cream goes, this was a satisfying experience.Friendly, though very busy staff. Small dining area, no doubt set up to remind one of an old fashioned parlor.I can't imagine driving here to get ice cream (parking in Downtown Hampton is frightening). However, I would expect that they get plenty of foot traffic here, from the locals.Pricey, but worth the stop.@Removeyourhat
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,2/15/2014,49,45,,5,7>Grape & Gourmet feels like a tiny Total Wine that came together with a Harry & David store. This business is only found in Virginia Beach and they carry a medium sized assortment of beers, mostly craft beers. I am not a beer connoisseur, but several people have mentioned that their selection is the best in the area. If you're like me and don't know a thing about beer, G&G even provides a mini description and number scale rating for each product.Aside from beer, you will also find wine, wine glasses, wine stoppers, cork holders, jams (pepper jelly jams, apple jams, any jam you can think of), cheese dips, salsas, peanuts, and random gifts. I'm sure I left out a bunch of other stuff. They also have a variety of sake to choose from, which surprised me!I saw on their website that there are beer tastings on Thursdays and wine tastings on Friday. I haven't been yet, but I'll definitely clear my schedule up for that in the near future.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,2/14/2014,36,23,2,6,6>As someone who prefers to support local businesses, Brothers has been my go-to spot since moving to the Hilltop area of Virginia Beach. They deliver to residents in the nearby vicinity, which fortunately includes my apartment for those truly lazy Sundays. They have an option where you can order online, but that does not always work, a bummer for when I am feeling a bit antisocial.First of all, their selection beats out most places in the area. Unique apps, such as fried ravioli and fried coconut shrimp grace the menu. Their variety of toppings is swoon-worthy. Few places offer fresh basil as an option. Brothers is one of these places. They use the perfect sauce/cheese/dough blend, a rare ratio to come by. If you are dining in, they offer a full bar to make sure you have a really enjoyable time.Their customer service is nearly always top notch. The only time I was irked was when my table had asked the waitress for more information about the Brothers Challenge. The challenge consists of two people eating a 24 inch 3 topping pizza in one hour. As a self-declared pizza connoisseur, I was heartily interested in participating. I say was, because the waitress insinuated that only the two guys I was sitting at the table with could participate while I would just be a bystander at a nearby table. I may be a small girl, but I can put down quite a bit of pizza by myself in one sitting, so her comment really peeved me.Other than the weird underlying sexism, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a yummy bite.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,2/13/2014,59,90,2,5,4>This place was awesome! Aaron, our server had impeccable knowledge of the wines. The 'wine tap' at the bar was cool because you could get a fresh glass of wine. If you are in Town Center just go in and check out the taps and get a glass of wine. The food was really good too!The crabcakes were flawless! The surf and turf special was really tasty. The scallops app. was majestical! Malbec I had by the glass was super special, it had a 'smokey' flavor that was surprising and pleasing at the same time. I definitely suggest to go here. I would request Aaron to be my server.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,2/12/2014,255,146,,5,5>I like coming to this park. It's great for multiple uses. I have come here to have church related functions, for a workout and to watch fireworks. What I like about Mt. Trashmore is that there is always something going on here. The park hosts concerts, festivals and puts on an annual carnival. The city has repaved the track and installed new workout stations and benches to relax on along the track and if you rollerblade, bike or skateboard, there is a half pike there for you to practice your skills. This park has a pretty cool set up. I definitely recommend you check it out and enjoy the benefits.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,2/11/2014,121,268,1,5,4>Normally, I would give a place like this 5 stars! It is local, it has a little grocery section, and they have cheeses, wines, and more to purchase. I like the location on Shore Dr. They just rebuilt it and the new building is very nice! I always enjoy their yummy deli sandwiches and homemade soup. But, I feel like it is a little to pricey and it is always busy. Last time we went, we had to wait for a table. The people working the registers were busy and not very friendly. That is why I did not give it 5 stars. Otherwise, the food and the store portion is great!!!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2013,2/10/2014,69,206,4,7,6>Food vs Service; the battle begins.First let me say that I lived in Germany - as most military brats in this area have at some point or another.  If you're nostalgic for oddly decorated places that smell like beer and have live polka playing, look no further than the German Pantry. Aside from some serious service pitfalls (noted in other reviews) this place was a score. I saw from other reviews that we would need a reservation, even though it was just 2 of us going at 6pm, I thought I should be on the safe side. Good thing, too. This restaurant goes ahead and reserves tables for the entire night when you make a reservation - so the table next to us was slotted for a 7:30 reservation and remained empty the entire time even though people at the door looked genuinely pissed off at not being seated in a room full of empty tables.  I don't know if the reserved tables were an homage to European slow food, but I seriously doubt it, given how rushed we were throughout the night.  We specifically told the server that we were taking our time and didn't want to order our entrees immediately after our apps so that we could luxuriate a bit. She was undeterred. She just came back every 5 minutes until she wore us down. We ordered the meat and cheese plate and landjaeger for apps - both were really good, though they took some time to get to us. Overall, good quality cheeses, smokey salami, braunschweiger and seriously amazing whole grain mustard - served with some sort of ritz cracker.  Immediately on the heels of the apps were our entrees. I opted for a  piping hot weinerschnitzel (don't I always) - which is a breaded veal cutlet served with lemon with 2 sides, I chose german potato salad and red cabbage.  My husband had 2 wursts, spaetzle and red cabbage. We were both really happy with our meals. I loved the schnitzel, it was perfectly cooked and I was thrilled to see they had it made with veal instead of the typical pork. The red cabbage was perfectly vinegar-y, and the potato salad was spot on. The whole thing was made better by the old guys playing polka and incoherently shouting out lyrics in German throughout my meal.  We'll be back here eventually - and we'll make reservations.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/9/2014,155,241,9,7,10>Oh Paradise Donuts. I've finally found you.I missed out on the UYE because of a nasty fall down some stairs whilst wearing the slippers of death (innocent looking lamby slippers why have you thwarted me?).I spotted the brightly lit neon sign while eating lunch across the way and suggested to my dining compadre that dessert should be had at Paradise Donuts. She agreed. Or she saw the crazy look in my eye when I started talking about my need for fried dough dipped in icing.We walked in and the space is pretty big. I was told that they had been super busy that morning and they were running low on stock. They come In every night to make the donuts fresh! Well, they had what I was looking for. Upon spotting my go to donut (maple bar) I placed my order. Look. I have no qualms about admitting to my donut addiction. I also know, going into a donut shop, that I will order more than one donut. On a good day (where I actually restrain myself) I'll order a half dozen and may actually share them with my husband.My order consisted of: the last 2 maple bars, the last maple bacon bar, chocolate peanut bar, strawberry fritter and one for my lunch companion. My one suggestion would be to amp up the maple flavor a tad bit. But outside of that, these were spectacular. I am so happy to have found Paradise Donuts! Even day olds (consumed the next morning) were fantastic. This will be my go to spot for sure. Raised yeast donuts for the win!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,2/8/2014,40,56,2,6,4>I knew the owners of this establishment cared about the product they sell and the customer experience during my first visit. I was approached by a young man who asked me whether or not I've been in before. I told him no and he proceeded to give me the 411 on the cupcake selection they had that day. On the surface, a cupcake looks like a cupcake. But if you take a good look into the different cupcakes and the ingredients that go into them, you'll see that they are not like other cupcakes. No box cake mixes here. They even have the ingredients that are included in each cake under the name plates in the display case. I've probably had at least 15 different cupcakes from ethereal since they opened. You can taste the freshness in every bite. One day I walked in and picked up a few cupcakes for the family and the owner mentioned that they also have a breakfast cupcake that I need to try. So I returned the next day before work and picked up this cupcake that had a taste of pancakes, with a maple flavored frosting and topped with bacon. BACON! Besides that flavor town favorite, there are several other cakes including one of their cheesecake selections that are certified winners. These aren't the .50 cakes you'll find in farm fresh. These cakes will run you about 3 bucks a pop. But the quality and selection is well worth it. Treat yourself to a ethereal cupcake, you'll enjoy the experience.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,2/7/2014,34,86,1,7,4>This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Norfolk area. My husband and I met up with a friend for dinner here when we first moved to town, and it has become our go-to for Thai food. We've tried others, and they just haven't measured up to the service and the food at Rama Garden. My husband love the drunken noodles - he gets them EVERY time. I have a few favorites - the pad thai is good, as is the panang curry. Their Thai iced coffee is well-balanced, not too sweet, but just sweet enough.The real draw for this place is the service. Every server I have had is nice, and nearly all of them are funny and witty. It is rare to find servers that actually seem like real people these days, since most times servers are not willing to put themselves out there for fear that they won't get their standard tip. To those people, I say it's worth the risk with friendly tables, which my husband and I are nearly all the time. The decor is unique, and feels well thought-out and put together, compared to some other local Thai restaurants that are not cohesive. The seating layout is good to ensure privacy to each table, which is also a gripe I often have with Thai restaurants. Overall, this is a great place for an affordable and DELICIOUS Thai food dinner. Don't forget the iced coffee! :)
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,2/6/2014,81,321,,5,4>had-an-excellent-dinner-here-this-past-saturday-night-we-kicked-it-off-with-the-spicy-cilantro-jalapeno-hummus-7-and-i-followed-it-up-with-a-chicken-kebab-platter-15-and-a-fattoush-salad-side-6-my-wife-enjoyed-the-chicken-shawermah-platter-16-the-flavors-were-excellent-and-brought-back-some-great-memories-of-the-cuisine-we-enjoyed-in-the-middle-east-the-side-portion-of-the-fattoush-was-plenty-my-only-note-is-that-im-used-to-fattoush-being-more-chopped-up-so-that-you-dont-have-to-try-to-cut-up-the-long-or-thick-piecesthey-have-choice-beef-and-australian-lamb-options-as-well-as-reduced-lunch-prices-for-the-chicken-platters-11-for-the-kebab-and-12-for-the-shawermahgood-service-never-was-for-want-of-waterheard-there-is-belly-dancing-but-i-only-saw-an-ad-for-it-for-jan-31st-and-no-other-datesno-military-discount
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2014,2/5/2014,111,44,,8,3>This is a new hole in the wall Chicken wing place right next to Dream Cakes, I always pass by it when I get cupcakes.  I decided to try it tonight, I saw they had a soy flavor so I thought it would be like the Korean Friend Chicken places like Bonchon in NYC/DC/Richmond.  I called in my order and it said it takes 20 minutes to prepare.  I get there, and it's as hole in the wall as it gets, 3 random tables, more of a small take out place.  The owner comes out and greets me. Wings come out 5 minutes later, they looked great!  The taste was not what I expected, I thought it would kind of like the Korean Friend chicken, it was not.  It was nice a crunchy and flavorful. I would said its a cross between regular friend chicken and korean friend chicken.  I would go back for more, but I would still trek it to Newport News for Chic 'n' Fish.  i want to try their bone less wings as she said it was fresh and not from frozen chicken tendors like some places. All and all it's a good hole in the wall chicken wing place if ever you get a chicken wing craving.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/4/2014,13,39,,7,4>This place was pretty good. Service is really fast and attentive. My wife really enjoys coming here for the authentic Mexican atmosphere, not to mention the food. San Jose does it the best, in my opinion, with Mexican food in the Hampton roads area. So far this has been the closest I have had to the taste I miss so much in California. The tacos are really good and salsas have great flavor too. But what got me to come back here is the shrimp cocktail. This is a Mexican-style shrimp cocktail with tomato juice, spices, veggies, and of course lots of shrimp. I, of course, mix in tons of habanero hot sauce because I need a kick. I give this place 4 stars because the ingredients aren't all the same as back home. The flour tortillas taste low quality (store bought), and the cocktail, while good, is missing spice. But San Jose does the best they can with the limited ingredients available in Virginia Beach for a Mexican restaurant. This isn't the best Mexican food you'll ever have but it's probably the best you'll have at a restaurant in Virginia beach. A for effort, authenticity, consistency, and flavor. D for mildness, maybe I just need more heat! Doesn't anyone in VA beach like spicy food??
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2014,2/3/2014,23,129,2,6,3>I would give this restauant more of a 3.5 star review. I came here last weekend for dinner on a Saturday night. The restaurant is situated in a strip mall with plenty of available of parking. My date had made reservations for 7:00pm, but there were ample empty tables where we didn't really need them. The place is beautiful and intimate. There are multiple dining areas: 2 large dining areas with the one in the front inclusive of the bar; a glass-doored room that can hold a party the equivalent of a business meeting; a door-less small room that you have to walk up a few stairs to reach which only holds 1 round table- presumably a "proposal" dinner table? and another larger glass-covered dining area that can hold a small social event. Our hostess led us into the large dining area towards the back where there were more patrons. Although we liked our dining arrangement, my date and I concluded that we would have preferred to eat in the other dining area next to the bar. Our server was gracious and hospitable. She took her time to explain the specials and to answer any of our questions. It was very easy to converse with her and have small talk outside of just food recommendations, etc. She was also quick to fulfill any of our requests. For example, when I went to use the restroom, she was nowhere near our table. By the time I returned to my seat ~3mins later, our meals were already packed into to-go boxes and stacked inside a brown bag onto the table, and my date was signing the restaurant bill. (Just in case people may think I'm one of those girls that "coincidentally" leaves the table to use the restroom right before the check arrives: my date and I had just before talked about ordering dessert, and I was still planning to eat more of my entree when I returned. We had free tickets to see a comedy show after dinner, but during our meal we had agreed we didn't necessarily need to see it and that we should take our time with dinner instead...I think my date had a change of heart in the end and didn't want us to miss the show.)In regards to the food, we ordered 2 appetizers, the fried oysters and the scallops. They were both tasty, but not mind blowing, "ya so gotta try this" type oral sensation. The I ordered the half duck entree with a yellow raisin and pistachio gratin/stuffing/mashed potato type side. When it came out, we were surprised that the portion was so large given it was duck. My date replied, "I think that's chicken. It can't be that big." We ended up making a bet that they didn't mess up my order...and sure enough, he lost. The duck was moist and had a great flavor to it. I really liked my yellow raisin/pistachio mix dish. It was more on the sweet side, and I have a huge sweet tooth. My date ordered the lamb shank with bleu cheese polenta. The lamb was cooked well, but I had higher expectations for it given the Yelp reviews on it. I'm not a fan of bleu cheese, but my date liked the polenta. We also ordered drinks to accompany our meals, and they were prepared well.Overall, my dining experience was pretty good. However, I would not drive all the way here from Norfolk where I currently reside. There are restaurants that are just as good of quality or better that are in a closer proximity than me. However, if you live in VA beach, it may be worth checking out once. I would come here expecting fabulous service but only above average food.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,2/2/2014,13,167,2,7,2>Very excited that one of my favorite Indian restaurants is now finally in downtown!  They have another spot in Town Center that is also great - actually, this was one of the only reasons I would venture to Town Center - but you don't really care about that.Considering it's a new spot in a somewhat new location for restaurants (same block as Tokyo Fresh), we had our pick of where to sit.  We chose the bar considering the Skins were on (they changed the channel for us).  The place looks very clean and modern with a decent sized bar that serves a full menu and is equipped with three flat screens.  They also have booths on both walls that looked pretty cozy for a small group.  They look to have growth for outdoor seating for warmer months - certainly looking forward to that!To start, we had the tomato soup (pictured) and it was great.  Not as sweet and thick as the Town Center location - more of a clean flavor.  The spice was just right at medium - a little heat, but still flavorful.  For my main, I had the kerla pepper chicken and I have to say I currently prefer the Town Center spot for this dish.  Don't get me wrong, there wasn't anything necessarily bad about it - I'm just comparing it to their other location (more heat/sweet flavoring).  The chili garlic naan was great - a perfect crunch but not overly cooked.As an aside, I think there may be some tweaking yet to do with regard to the spice level.  I was told that I was ultimately given medium/hot and I felt that it wasn't really that spicy - so those looking for more heat may want to dial it up a notch.  My date ordered the del tarka and although she said the flavor was awesome, she too mentioned the lack of heat.  One thing about the Town Center location we always comment on is the consistent perfection of what we are terming medium spicy.The service at the bar was awesome.  We ultimately met the owner and he was a genuinely nice guy.  Looking forward to many more visits!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/1/2014,139,167,,9,6>This place deserves every five star review it has.  Went here with my husband this past weekend and had the best meal I've had since arriving in the area.  The space is itty-bitty, which only adds to the chic, hip, but relaxed vibe.  The aesthetic of the place was kind of "found object minimalist" so no part was over done, and it's amazing how lovely the lighting can be from one orange lamp.I started with the Lemon Thyme Hendricks Martini because, duh.  I mean, did you just read that?  I know.  And it's DELIGHTFUL.  My husband went straight for the vino.  Their offerings by the glass are slim, but their bottle selections have some reasonable options, and the wine chosen seem nicely curated.  My husband's Bordeaux was gorgeous.For an appetizer, we got an octopus dish that was UH-mazing.  Lightly steamed octopus, shaved fennel, a light broth, red pepper flakes, lemon and capers.  It was served with a couple of pieces of bread, and when our lovely waitress noticed me making a joking gesture to my husband indicating how much I wanted to sop up every last bit of the broth, she popped straight back and grabbed us some more bread.For entrees, my husband had the most pillowy and perfect gnocci in a spinach cream sauce, and I had perfectly cooked duck breast over quinoa and sunchoke pilaf, with a lovely sauce of caramelized shallots.We didn't go for dessert, but not because we weren't tempted -- one of the most delicious looking and subtly innovative dessert lists I've seen in a long time.Service was impeccable.  The food was gorgeous.  The atmosphere made me us feel like we were in a real, cosmopolitan city.  If more places like this keep opening in Norfolk, this city will become one of America's best kept little secrets.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,1/31/2014,60,60,1,8,6>This place never ceases to impress.  The decor is simple, but it is clear that Van wants to focus on the food.  I have been given the privilege of being invited to enjoy an off the menu/after hours meal with the owner a couple of times.  Both times, it was a hugely memorable experience.  This has also led to him offering other things that aren't on the menu, that he wants me to try and give my feedback.  He is constantly improving and expanding his menu, and he wants to make sure it appeals to more than just the local Vietnamese population.  He's also getting ready to add a breakfast menu for the weekend.  I was invited for a Banh Mi breakfast, and let me tell you - it was AMAZING!I was invited for lunch the other day, and got to sample his next new menu item.  If you haven't tried Miss Saigon yet, you're missing out.  If you have - wait until you try the new menu items.  I didn't think it could get better - but it has.He's getting more help after Thanksgiving, because he's hoping to cultivate more relationships like the one I have with him with all his customers.  Once I know what I had for lunch is on the permanent menu - I'll post a picture of it.  Oh, and if you have never had a Vietnamese sandwich - try the B7 or B8.  You'll thank me later.  It doesn't get any better than that.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,1/30/2014,171,233,,6,5>I am such a big fan of this place after finally trying it! I've always passed this place in the past since it's quite small, but my bro and I decided to give it a shot for breakfast.Just WOW! I ordered traditional breakfast fare of eggs, bacon, toast, with home fries. The bacon for is a thick cut! So yummy! The home fries/hash brown has that crispiness from being cooked on the griddle. We sat in the bar and saw all of our food being made. The business is all in the family. Ann greeted us as soon as we came in. Gary mans the grill and we got to talk to him a bit as he prepared food. I felt right at home.Watch out for the breakfast rush! They can (unsurprisingly) run out of food and move straight to their lunch menu. It's so worth getting here early to enjoy! I'll definitely be back!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,1/29/2014,48,123,1,8,7>I came here with a group of friends on their opening night. The restaurant is clean, contemporary, and open. The service was friendly and fast. Their menu is short and sweet. For the appetizer, we ordered the oysters Rockefeller al la bacon and it was delicious. I ordered the fish tacos (better than the ones I've had in San Diego), and my girlfriend ordered the huge ass bowl of mussels. The mussels are a great value. Everything was delicious. If this place keeps it up, it's going to be a hit at the beach.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,1/28/2014,29,248,,5,4>Im going to start off by saying that im not a huge italian fan. Im usually satisfied with *gasp* - Olive Garden. But Mannino's was different and im so glad i went! My friend was leaving the country for 6 months, so i decided to take her here as a good-bye treat. Im glad that we decided on this place! Dimly lit, romantic, tables with candles, the whole shebang. Its small though. The specials are listed on a huge blackboard in the center of the room. Brian, our server was extremely accommodating. He took our order and then went in and 5 min later brought us some fresh ( wheat) bread with evoo + vinegar.I got their special- 5 tiger shrimp with vodka sauce ( it was called something fancier in italian) and my friend got spicy cheese ravioli. Both of us really enjoyed our food! Initially, i thought my vodka sauce was watery, but as i began mixing in the pasta and the tomatoes + spices that had settled in the bottom, the food was really good! The shrimp came with tail attached and was cooked perfectly- it didn't taste spongy- like it had been overcooked. Portions were big enough for me to doggy bag home ... actually they doggie bagged it for me and wrapped the entire thing in plastic wrap so it wouldn't leak :)  Price: Most food was priced between 15-25$.We did not order any drinks, but most of them were priced at 9-10$. Medium sized wine menu.The ambiance is perfect. The only thing that kills it is the walk to the bathroom. The hallway that the bathroom is located in looks like the back of a restaurant- cardboard boxes, you could see into the kitchen- it was off-putting. They need to put in a curtain or some sort of divider. Random fact: In order to be more accommodating- The hostess's table has a wooden crate with glasses and flash lights since the menu can be hard to read with those romantic lights. I thought that was thoughtful.Definitely worth a visit!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,1/27/2014,46,196,,6,4>I liked this spot when it was the Pasta Bowl and I like this spot now that it's the Landing Zone. The lay-out provides an area with high tops and bar seating with a high partition to separate the dining area.  I like the colors and décor as well as the little metal figurines on the table displaying the table number.  There is a view of a flat screen tv from every seat.  The televisions were set to a sports channel and cnn, something for everyone I would think.The only thing nice about my house chardonnay was the price, $4.99 but my husbands sangria was delicious.  It had a spice taste, like cloves.  He ordered the mushroom/swiss burger with fries and I ordered the Cuban with mixed vegetables.  The hit on his plate were the fries, hot and crunchy, the burger was also delicious. I'm not a connoisseur  of Cuban sandwiches, this was my second but it was stacked mighty high with pork and ham with cheese and dill pickles.  The veggies were fresh and crisp.  Here's the only real problem I have.  The lists of sides include "rice of the day" and "beans of the day".  When I asked our waitress for descriptions she said the rice is "just white rice" and the beans are "just black beans".  On our way out I saw some beautiful yellow rice on someone's plate....I wish I had know.  I also heard the waitress return to a table after taking their order to let them know something they ordered wasn't available.  She should have known that before taking the order....just a pet peeve of mine.With tax:  $37.88  not bad at all.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/26/2014,48,178,,6,4>This has become me & my dude's new sippin' spot! Looks are deceiving, don't judge a book by it's cover, & every other saying about judgment that you can think of applies here. It is way better than the location/no windows have you believe!! There's nothing Jamaican about it that I can tell. If you a dive bar fan like us, you'll love it here. We had ridden by here a few times & my boyfriend kept saying we should stop in. It wasn't until we received a card & candy cane at our house from our "neighborhood elves" thanking us for keeping the neighborhood festive with our Christmas decorations that we decided to check it out. When we walked in we were immediately happy we did. A lil smokey bar, super friendly bartender, tunes, & tv going on. We had a few drinks & asked about the card we had received. Turns out it was from the owners, who have to be some of the nicest people. We learned a little bit about the history of the place & they thanked us for coming in. We've been in twice since our first visit & the staff is always so friendly. We've yet to try any of the food, but we want to. The drinks are great & they have karaoke some nights too!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,1/25/2014,105,151,3,5,4>Let me begin by saying that I have had the best and most famous cheesesteaks in Philadelphia. (Geno's, Pat's, Tony Luke's, etc.) This place blew me away! I recently asked around among the Hampton Roads Yelp elite about the best cheesesteak in the 757 and this place kept coming up. I have to TOTALLY agree with all of those Yelpers. The spot is the best cheesesteak I've had in this area!First of all the bread was fresh, chewy and delicious. You cannot have a good cheesesteak without good bread! Secondly, in true Philly fashion, this place makes them with cheese whiz. (The only way to go.)The meat was properly seasoned and very tasty!They sell a 6 inch, 10 inch and a 17 inch! You can guess which I got! I destroyed that sandwich with a vengeance! Do yourself a favor and forget ordering French fries and just get more sandwich. You won't regret it! I'll be coming back here OFTEN! Delicious!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/24/2014,533,177,13,21,16>I had the great opportunity to visit Nawab Indian Cuisine today for the first time with my wife and one of my sons.    I have never been to an Indian restaurant and was not sure how I'd like it.      As soon as we pulled into the parking lot - the aromas coming from the kitchen hit me and I knew I was going to love it.    The building looked plane on the outside but was very stylish and nice inside.   A cool statue of Ganesh was in the lobby and on making our way to the table we passed by a large granite wall hanging with water cascading down the granite.  The aroma of the spices and herbs and dishes was making me want to run to the buffet.    Upon reaching the food buffet, I was amazed at the dishes that I knew nothing about.  But they all looked great.  I tried them all.  I'm still not sure of the names of most.   Each dish had amazing  flavor and was fresh and had a kick of flavor explosion.  The bread was fantastic too.  The veggies were all fresh and prepared deliciously.  My absolute fav was the Tandoor Chicken.   I read that it is made in a Tandoor barrel shaped clay pot over a wood fire.  - I need to see that some time.  I asked but was told next time - they were preparing for dinner.  The flavors amazed me and I need more soon.  I also will try to learn to cook some like that too.  My son is a vegetarian and he loved the choices and flavor of the dishes.  We all were stuffed and happy.  I've never been to a buffet with so much amazing great flavor and joy.    The service was very good.  I think this would be a great place for a date dinner - nice and cozy and delicious but not over the top.    The price of our buffet was about $ 10 ea - that is amazing considering the quality and freshness and work that went into preparing that great food.    I can not wait to return.  I'm going to learn the names of the dishes and the spices and herbs and be better on my next review.   Don't postpone Joy!  Go try Nawab - it will not disappoint!I've posted some photos of my visit.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,1/23/2014,119,199,9,9,10>A few years ago, the voters kicked Meyera out of her Mayor gig and named this huge free bookstore after her.Hang on a sec here....Let me pause for a moment and pay some homage...Meyera E. Oberndorf was truly a legend, one of the greatest Mayors in Virginia Beach, if not US, History.  Sure, there were some difficult times, some unrest at the Oceanfront and all of that...but consider the number of tourists that pass through here every year along with the fact that a huge share of the 'permanent' residents are only here for 2 years or so, the fact that the entire boardwalk wasn't up in flames every other weekend is a remarkable feat in and of itself!  Her Honor was never too busy to attend a ribbon cutting ceremony for a new business or city parking garage, her activities schedule was always jammed packed with ample opportunity to press the flesh with the electorate and their children.  In recent years, Meyera has had a bit of a rough go of it.  I did see her down at the oceanfront a few years ago at Blues at the Beach.  She was recently out of office, but looked relieved and relaxed in a peaceful sort of way.  And I'm glad, because she gave of herself, her energy, her drive, her passion...and I'm pleased that for at least a little bit of time, she was able to kick her feet up and enjoy what she helped build.So back to the big free bookstore.  If you live here, you can get some plastic that allows you to take things out of here and read them in the comfort of your own home...or better yet at Starbucks!  As Elwood Blues properly predicted in 1979: 'By the year 2006, the music known today as the blues will exist only in the classical records department of your local library.'  MEO has got tons of blues here, check it out (get it?  'Check it out?'  Library?  I made a funny!!!)!There is a cool little coffee shop here, a thrift store that sells used underwear..i mean used books.  Once you are done reading your treasures from Barnes and Noble, drop them off here so that they can sell them and make some money.  If you need help doing your taxes, that happens here too.Need help with your calculus homework?  I'm sure that someone roaming around can explain the Third Derivative for you.Now here is the really really cool part:It is all free!  No charge for parking.  In the summer, they've got Air Conditioning!Stop by here sometime and spend a few hours.  It's fun! As a great philosopher once said:Na, na, na Gonna have a good time Na, na, na Gonna have a good time Hey, hey, hey! This is Bill Cosby coming out with music and fun If you're not careful, you may learn something before it's done! Hey, hey, hey! 'And when you enter, think some warm thoughts for the matriarch for whom the place is named.  Put your politics aside for a minute and reflect on the difference that she made and how this place might be the best and most fitting tribute we can offer up.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,1/22/2014,34,76,5,4,3>Wow.  I NEVER would have walked into this place if my friends hadn't sworn it was amazing.  It's uh...strip-mall rustic.   Then the smell of incense when you walk in...I know, I thought the same thing.  Then the descriptions of the rolls up on the wall.  I thought my friends were just trying to see how long they could get me to play along (when it comes to dining out I'm a super-sanitized, safety first girl before I'll spring for the just any strip-mall joint).  First impression made me nervous.  But the over sized and slightly disheveled rolls were placed on our table and they were amazing.   They were so darn good...the sushi rice was sticky and perfect...and our waitress was friendly as was Mr. Lee, the chef and owner, who was unbelievably accommodating.  We weren't rushed even though we stayed 30 minutes past closing and we were still offered drinks.  Not many places will do that!  We'll be back, I want all of my friends to know this place is way better than it looks!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,1/21/2014,50,105,,6,7>This not only joins our 2014 line up for cheap eats, it may actually be near the top of the list.Similar to almost everyone else's experience, the family who owns & operates the business is uniformly gracious. & welcoming to Filipino food experts & neophytes alike. I really can't say enough about them & their welcoming demeanor.Two things for sure will keep us coming back - Miriam's turon (fried banana) and their Friday & Saturday night ribs. Oh. My. Word. Can't say enough good things about it. Their standard Filipino fare is good too - my husband loved their pancit & I'm a fan of their mung bean soup.If you work near Little Creek, it's the perfect spot to pop in for lunch. If you're looking for ribs on Friday or Saturday night - look no further. But save room for dessert!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,1/20/2014,509,292,6,6,3>I was really anxious to try Taste because I had heard such delicious things about it. I take my son next door twice a week for playtime at his gym so its the perfect spot to pick up lunch or dinner there or on the go. Let me just say, I have tried a couple of their sandwiches now and they were all so super tasty and reasonably priced. My personal fave so far was the curried chicken salad. Outstanding! The salads are excellent and fresh as well. I love the items they carry in the shop area, lots of wines, cocktail items, random kitchen tools, totes, candies, desserts, just really cool stuff. They also carry Kombucha which is awesome and saves me the trip to Whole Paycheck. The only reason I have deducted a star is for the service I have received. I don't know if the girls I dealt with were just anxious that their shifts were almost over or if they were having a bad day or if I just look like someone you should be an asshole to or what, but that is no excuse to look at me like I have 15 heads when I ask questions and answer with a snotty tone. I am a mom, I deal with enough attitude from my 2 year old and certainly do not need it from people who get paid to do what I ask. Knock that shit off! Anyway, 4 solid stars. Great food, great shop, great location, not so great female employees.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,1/19/2014,163,183,5,8,4>Ahhh! Spicy! I love it! This place has a pretty small space, but it packs a big island punch! Seriously, their jerk pork and chicken is fantastic! They serve a small tasting plate for the newbies, so you can sample a little bit of every chicken they serve. The meats comes with your choice of 2 sides and oh so soft cabbage.Serving size of small is actually pretty darn filling, trust me, i was way over full. Their specialty "hot" and "spicy" sauces are just that. So thread carefully with those things! The cocobread was a wee bit burnt when we had them, but it tasted just as good. The plantains are soft and sweet, just like how they are suppose to be. The owner of this place is awesome! She made us truly feel like family. That says something. I would definitely check them out, if you haven't yet!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,1/18/2014,122,43,2,7,4>This doesn't make any sense! When I say HUGE...it's like a big warehouse FULL of home decorating goods. I walked in and immediately was overwhelmed at the sheer size of the place and the thousands of items in there. It's located in the Battlefield section of Chesapeake and as is mostly the case with the Battlefield/Greenbrier shopping areas coherent traffic patterns and parking lots were not at the forefront of engineers and urban planners minds. However, once you navigate your way to the parking lot there is plenty of parking. I would recommend before you go into the ridge that you kinda sorta have an idea of what you're looking for. The first time I went in there I just sort of wandered around to see what they had to redecorate my place -- three and a half hours later -- I came out with a headache and my feet hurting! I vowed never again...The selections seem endless. Pretty much whatever you can imagine for making your abode feel like home I assure you it's in there. From the radical college student to the discerning empty nesters the styles and choices are abundant. They do have some basic furniture pieces in there but I don't think it's not high end. It looks and feels like starter sets or add on pieces to a man cave or sunroom. The staff is pretty hands off unless you summon them for assistance. The store may be huge but it's pretty well laid out. As for myself, I have found several pieces that have helped me slowly transform my once boring bachelor cave into a smooth coffee/jazz/spoken word lounge...one piece at a time. If you're in the neighborhood and in need of furnishing an empty place for cheap or looking for eclectic accent pieces here and there to spruce up what you have in place then Garden Ridge is definitely one of those places I highly recommend.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,1/17/2014,59,189,,5,3>Deliciousness all around. On my first visit I had yakisoba chicken. Super generous portions for $10. I split it with a friend. Second visit was for a Yelp Elite event, where I tried the salmon carpaccio and various speciality rolls. All good, but I'm more of a simple sushi chick. So on my most recent visit, which was a quiet and empty Wednesday night, I ordered four different rolls. Yellowtail, red snapper, Alaska, and sweet potato. They were tiny but good. Only $4 a piece. Love Ang's. And the free pineapple sake.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2013,1/16/2014,4,69,4,3,3>Good subs.  I think the secret sauce has crack in it.  I got a hefty-sized Italian sub on a fresh, toasty bun.  It took a while to come out, but they had the football game on the TVs, so I had something to do while I waited.  I'll be back to see what that sauce tastes like on another sandwich.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/15/2014,31,57,,4,3>This festival is not only ideal for people like me who love the music and arts culture, but it is a perfect way to expand people's horizons and hopefully/possibly spark creativity in people. This was my first year attending the festival. Unfortunately, I have not been able to attend the previous years. Very happy that I attended. My huge thing is the music bit of the festival, that's what initially draws me in about it. I left thoroughly pleased with the musical line-ups. I am more than happy that I can now state that I have seen Electric Guest performing, they were phenomenal on stage. There were breaks I took from the music, and just breaks between music sets. I was extremely excited to see that they had set up a silent disco area. I have heard awesome things about headphone/silent parties, and how it has become a huge thing in Europe. I have wanted to make a party myself at home that way, but it's not the same thing. However, the moment person I was with and I saw it, we wanted in, but we just didn't want to leave the stage quite yet. All the other stands/booths this year were perfect for the event. I wish there were more, but like I said, I hope events like this spark more creativity in the arts. I did not get any food over there, but there was a small selection. I do like food trucks, but sadly there wasn't much selection. Please attend this event. It is worth every minute and it is absolutely FREE, except for all the things being sold (duh).
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,1/14/2014,64,171,3,5,5>I was dead set on having Indian food today.  I stopped in for some to-go delectables.  I had some stuff picked out last time but when I walked in I took a gander at the menu and changed my mind.  The nommers for today:Lamb palak lunch special (with rice, salad and naan).  Not just spicy - extra Indian spicy.  Oh yea.  And some crispy samosa appetizers to feed my inner skinny girl.  My inner skinny girl couldn't finish everything and I tried.  The lamb palak was delicious and to my surprise it was SPICY!  I loved it!  Just right.  I had to refill my water a couple times.  That's the way it's supposed to be.  I couldn't take more than a bite of the naan, I skipped the salad, but munched 1 1/2 of the samosas.  Trust me when I say the food wasn't skipped for lack of deliciousness.  It was skipped because it was all getting in my belly and filling up very quickly.Love this place.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/13/2014,96,146,,5,3>Adding this place to my rotation of places to eat in the area. Had a yelp event here. Simple premise with great flavor and big portions.   I really enjoyed this meal. Organic and natural ingredient, grass fed beef, no gmos, spicy and you could make an endless combination of meals. I highly enjoyed the quality of the food and the fact that you Can make it mild or hot as you please. If you haven't tried it out I'd highly recommend it! I will update this review once I go on a non yelp event.*Update* Jan 2014,I have been back here several times, Each time i leave sadisfied , the flavors are solid, consistent and its simple, and thats what i like about it. The coconut sauce is wonderful but if you want some nice heat, get yourself one of the curry or both... and  kick it up a bit, I always add peanuts which give it a nice flavor also, don't be afraid to ask for a little more of what ever portion you like, they will gladly do it, Can never have to much seaweed!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/12/2014,107,136,,7,3>IMO, hands DOWN the BEST Szechuan in the area. Cannot believe it has taken me over a year to come back. After visiting PC's in Landstown Commons, I just HAD to compare. I REALLY wanted to order the Hot Pot on this visit but, for $22.95/person, I thought that was steep. It was AYCE for Hot Pot but, still...I couldn't share and I would be stuck with just the hot pot. I finally was able to get my cousin and her family to come. Justin V. & his buddy also met up so, we had eight people. We had a table FULL of food... Soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, Eggplant in Yu-Shiang Sauce, Twice-Cooked Pork, Fried Lamb w/ Pepper, Honey-Glazed Chicken, Diced Chicken with Chili & Pepper, and Roast Duck in Beer. ALL dishes were PERFECT. None of them needed ANY extra sauce or kick. The scallion pancakes here have by-far much more flavor than any other. The soup dumplings taste SOOOO much better than the last time I had them. There was more soup AND it wasn't just a flavorless meatball stuck in middle. There was flavor and tenderness through and through. The Twice-Cooked Pork...someone said it was like Szechuan Bacon... I agree. Soooo delicious. I couldn't stop eating!!!  The Roast Duck in Beer was delicious. I would have drank the broth alone! One does have to pick through bones but, I'm ok with that. This visit and experience was absolutely the BEST dining experience and the first I had in 2014. Thank you JUDY and we will definitely be BACK sooner.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,1/11/2014,21,240,,7,3>This is a great little theater.  It is clean, the seats are comfortable and the staff is super friendly and helpful.  The acoustics are really good.  I have seen several concerts here and last night I got to see Alton Brown, all outstanding shows. The lobby is a little small and can get congested and the concession lines can get long but I kinda look at it as an opportunity to meet new people.  Parking is easy at one of the parking decks.  Go, check out a show at this wonderful little theater.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,1/10/2014,37,327,3,5,3>playground, open space, skate park,  frisbee golf/trails, boat launch, fishing pier, shelters, concert stage.....we are here weekly most of the year.  We use the playground, trails, boat launch and fishing pier.  There are bugs here...you are by the water.  There is usually wind here....you are by the water. As to the boat launch....we kayak so we have to give preference to the boats.  But we like being able to float on this water....there is a bald eagle nest not far from put in.  You do get the local flying through on their boats even with the no wake signs.  We love bird watching.  PLenty to explore from this put in.  And the staff.....I searched them out to remove a snake from the playground one day....they willingly came to do the job.  My only complaint about this location is it brings in some questionable folks.  The kids were on a trail when a man drove up, got out and started walking to the wooded area....where the kids were.  We had to get up and follow....it was just off.   He must have been crabbing b/c he ended up by the water checking something.  And sometimes by the fishing pier there are couples making out on the picnic table for all who walk by to see.   So with the kids I do keep an eye on my surroundings.  With the wooded areas it's not hard to see who is in there.  We haven't used the skate park.  The crowd is teen boys and it gets crowded after school.  We love this park and come here often.  It offers a lot to the community.  It's always clean.  Bathrooms are locked now that it's off season.  Porta potties are offered.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,1/9/2014,122,469,,8,4>Mizuno is the best sushi restaurant in Hampton Roads. Bam. When a few yelpers made this statement to me they were unable to tell me why this was the case. Allow me to do so:1. Freshest fish. Anyone who is a regular sushi goer can taste the difference in fresh sushi and fish that's a couple days old. Every item we had here tasted like it was caught moments before consumption. We got the tuna poke taco appetizer and was blown away by the light flavor of the fish combined with all the different flavor profiles of the spice and lime. 2. Most creative rolls. I'm talking OYSTER rolls, crispy rice (think tator tot sushi), filet mignon rolls, beef slices, and combined with some of the most random but well thought out combinations of items I've ever had. Anotherwards, this isn't a place you would order a standard salmon roll. As examples, a couple of the rolls we ordered were the Oyster & Pearl (fried oyster, lump crab, asparagus, and scallion rolled with soy paper) and the S.P.E.A.R. roll (lump crab and avacado rolled in soy paper. Salmon & yellow tail on top. Ceviche sauce with crunchy). Which brings me to my next point: you won't need soy sauce to eat any of their sushi. It's THAT delicious.3. Innovative cocktails and great wine list. In addition to having an impressive sake and selective wine list, their cocktails are the real standout here. I ordered the kiwi cocktail and my friend ordered the mojito but they also have other fun options like the white lilly (with vanilla yogurt & sake!) and of course, a lychee-tini. I want to come back just to tick through their cocktail list. 4. Chic ambiance. From the moment you walk in you notice this is no standard sushi joint. From the open kitchen allowing you to view the sushi chefs to the glowing white 180 degree bar, you realize you are in a FANCY place. In fact, it reminds me of my trips to NOBU in NYC. Sushi Chic!5. On point service. It's weird that with all these winning features it's located in a strip mall (albeit a nicer strip mall). I always get lost and confused in all the different Hilltop shopping centers so when I called to verify the location, the hostess was very helpful in getting us there. And when we sat down, she asked if we found the place okay. I just thought that was a friendly touch. And everyone we encountered had that same friendly and helpful demeanor. Our glasses were never empty and our plates stayed cleared. Overall, this place has amazing energy from the time we walked in to the time we left. Everything was perfect. Ever since Sushi Aka closed down, I've been looking to put another sushi spot on my Top Hampton Roads Restaurants list and Mizuno will be filling that void. Can't wait to return!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,1/8/2014,43,132,3,7,6>My husband and I went to watch these ladies tonight and we had a great time!  My husband had been to a match in San Diego, but it was my first experience.  We plan on taking the kids next time.  If you're looking for a fun night out that's not the same old boring thing, this is what you're looking for.  It was good, clean fun.  Don't worry if you don't know anything about roller derby.  The free program listed the players' and officials' names, numbers, and photos.  It also explained the basic rules and scoring.  There were pictures of the hand signals the officials and players use, as well.  It only took 2 or 3 rounds for me to get it.  There are souvenirs and raffles at tables near the entrance.  You can buy tee shirts, bumper stickers, etc.  There was a 50/50 raffle and a raffle for the best seat in the house.  There was a sofa set up ringside and the winner's party got to sit there.  There is a beer garden in the back and they accept credit cards (via square).   I saw several families there with younger children.  The kids loved getting their picture taken with a favorite player and getting autographs after the match.  All profits from the league go to local charities.  How cool is that?
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,1/7/2014,31,234,2,7,3>What I love (besides the obvious beer and the service) is all the extra touches. Right smack on the giant chalkboard menu wall, is a list of local food and a cab company's number. Water is readily available. I am a huge fan of helping people make responsible choices, even if they get carried away.Speaking of getting carried away, great anniversary party!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,1/6/2014,18,133,,4,3>I'm not much of a breakfast person (or a biscuit person), but this place made me rethink my prejudices for breakfast! The Hella Fitzgerald was everything the reviews say-- great flavor, perfect textures, and highly likely to clog your arteries. We also got the Hot Betty, which was a completely different taste but very unique and really good too! I was a little concerned about the amount of hot sauce, but it really wasn't as crazy as it seemed.Tips: 1. If you want a seat (~6 tables) you should get there 10-15min before they open at 10am on a weekend. 2. If you're light on money, maybe skip out on the house 'aguafresca'. It tasted fine, but not good enough for the money.3. Get something out of your comfort zone and get 1 biscuit/person so you can try everything!Overall: The value was is just barely good enough (slightly more and it would be overpriced). Food is amazing and the place is very divey, which makes it fun but also hard to find a seat (they do takeout!). I'll be back to try the other things on the menu and I think you should do the same!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,1/5/2014,121,170,,17,9>It's very possible that Chinese food in HR itself is a bit of an oxymoron.  I think what most of us know as 'Chinese' is not very Chinese at all. I'm lucky to have lived in Asia where each country has it's own version of Chinese as well. I've had Korean Chinese, Japanese Chinese, and even Chinese Chinese.  All were very different but incredibly delicious.  I wonder at times, however, how America ended up with dishes like Chop Suey and Egg Foo Young. I know; the question is more rhetorical than anything else.  Jade Villa and Judy's Szechuan has done an incredible job of introducing the HR palate to real Chinese.  Enter Peter Chang...I didn't know Peter Chang was coming to the area, but, boy, am I happy to see him.  Yes, HR needs him! I'm one of the those people who saw him on TV a few times.  I remember seeing him with Andrew Zimmern. His food looked amazing and unique. I was impressed with his dishes because I love Asian food, and Chinese is at the top of that list.  It's easy, too, for anyone who knows how to cook - All you need is a wok and you'll there.On my first trip to Peter Chang's, I went conservative. I saw a lot of unfamiliar items on the menu and didn't know exactly what to order.  Our waitress was a big help recommending dishes for us.  We started with an order of the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings, one order of Shrimp Dumplings, and the Beef Scallion Pancake.  The beef on the pancake was more a minced product instead of a sliced one as I expected.  They were still as advertised - All were delicious.The star of the first trip was what the waitress called 'Number 33'. This is Peter Chang's Seafood in Stone Pot.  The pot is of the 'dolsot' variety found in every really good Korean restaurant.  Imagine a stone bowl arriving to your table, steamed hot and still gurgling, filled with jumbo shrimp, scallop, sliced fish, squid, and mushrooms. These goodies were swimming in a curry cream soup.  It was amazing; the leftovers tasted even better the second day as the flavor had more time to meld.The second star of day one was the Mapo Tofu.  If you like medium-spicy, this is the dish for you.  A lot of the spice in this dish comes from chili oil, however.  It might be too oily for some, so if you don't like a lot of oil, go for something else.Trip two was a bit different than the first.  On this visit Peter himself actually recommended some dishes to us.  On this trip we started with the Dry Fried Eggplant.  They were nicely spiced and delicious; my new go-to appetizer.  We also had the Mapo Beef.  This was a great dish as well.  It was closer to Orange Beef without the orange, though, in my opinion.  I would pair the eggplant with a dim sum dish instead - maybe a noodle dish.Peter loves spicy, so he recommended the Chicken with Three Pepper on Hot Iron Plate (#36).  It, too, was a great dish.  If you don't like heat, though, don't order this dish.  It was really SPICY!  The one pepper that put this dish over the top was the Thai Bird Chili, I believe.  Frankly, I like heat, but it was too hot for me. The Shan City Pig Feet (#T2) was also super HOT.  Let me suggest that if you are not a chile-heat to avoid dishes with three-peppers.  They were both really tasty, but I learned my lesson.What did I like most about Peter Chang's?  First the menu is familiar but not the same as your run-of-the-mill Chinese restaurant.  His menu gives you to opportunity to try something new, something closer to real Chinese food.  More importantly, most of Peter's dishes are very approachable. HR needs more ethnic restaurants like this one.The fact that Peter's restaurant has a large number of big tables with lazy susans says a lot.  It says to me that he welcomes and expects large groups to eat here. Yes, that's very Asian and very Chinese. He believes, and rightfully so, that his food will attact people looking for a taste of home.  It's an even better opportunity for other lovers of Chinese cooking to try some more authentic, something Peter Chang. So, if you are looking for great Chinese food, something both familiar but unique, Peter Chang's is the place for you.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,1/4/2014,99,254,,5,1>What a great little find!Lots of really wonderful things about Crackers. For starters - I loved the ambiance. The place is tiny and there are only a dozen or so tables. They honestly could pack in another row of 2-seaters down the middle like so many other restaurants do, but I'm so grateful that they don't. The layout provides makes the tiny restaurant spacious enough to give you and your date (or friend, or whatever) privacy. The food was fantastic. I mean really fantastic. I started with the grilled asparagus with the lemon sauce. The asparagus were perfectly grilled to a crisp-tender point and salted just right. The lemon sauce was a perfect, creamy compliment. The panzenella had wonderful complimentary flavors - the bite of arugula paired with the sweetness of the beets and the acorn squash and the salty, crunchy bread. The waffle with fruit for dessert was the perfect ending. Crunchy and sweet, but not overly so. The staff was fantastic. The restaurant was slow when we arrived at 5:00 (opening) on Friday - and we were waited on by our hostess who was sweet and friendly, but also prompt and efficient. The guy tending the bar checked on us periodically and was friendly enough to make us feel welcome without being intrusive to our conversation. Best service I've had since I moved to Norfolk a year ago. Two minor things keep Crackers from being a 5-star experience for me. 1. While there was a fair amount of vegetarian options (YAY!) most were bread-based: Hummus and pita; bruschetta, fondue and bread, panzenella (bread) salad...you get my point. I'd love to see a couple of vegetarian items that emphasized vegetables and/or protein. A tofu lettuce wrap? A quinoa salad? A quesadilla with white bean spread for the vegans? 2. The parking lot is tiny, tiny, tiny. We arrived at the restaurant's opening at 5 and had no problem finding a space - but I'm not sure I'd feel comfortable trying to meet friends there after hours, because I don't think there'd be sufficient room for all of us to park. I know it's not the restaurant's fault -but it's still something patrons need to know before they go.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/3/2014,84,331,4,14,3>Crazy buffet is crazy big! I heard this used to be a Food Lion, so that would explain it.Lunch buffet on a Friday was $6.99 ($4.99/lb for takeout) and it got pretty busy after around noon. Here's what I think makes this place better than most Chinese buffets:1. Great selection at the grill: noodles or rice, fresh meat (spicy chicken, shrimp, beef) and good looking veggies (big chunks of zucchini and mushrooms!). Make sure to get an egg and plenty of garlic and chili sauce...yum!2. Noodle soup bar! Three choices, including a seafood curry and a Vietnamese pho.3. Dim sum4. Never came back to the table with my used plates still there5. Pretty decor and clean!I definitely didn't have room or time to try everything, but some of my favorite items were the honey chicken, fried fish, seafood bread, and fried rice. I recommend hitting the grill first...best part of this buffet!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,1/2/2014,198,161,2,4,2>Let those creative juices flow!  At Color Me Mine there are dozen of pieces of pottery ranging approximately from $10 to $50.  Those pieces are anything from ornaments, mugs, vases, trays, figurines, piggy banks, toothbrush holders, soap dispensers.  This list goes on and on. The staff was accommodating to our group of 14 with ages ranging from 5 to 50.  We all had a good time painting.  The paint washes out of clothing so parents don't need to worry about kids ruining their clothes. Some of the staff members are not very outgoing but still very talented so if you need some help with painting tips or ideas, just speak up and ask because they are very knowledgeable.  I was slightly disappointed when we were 3/4 of the way through our painting session before they started making suggestions (after we started asking for help) for painting tips, techniques, and introducing useful tools. By that time it was too late for me to try their suggestions which would have made my little piece of art look a little more polished.  I'm looking forward to picking up my pottery after it comes out of the kiln.  The wait time for pick up is usually one week.  I should also mention that they stayed open after their regular business hours on Sunday for us and donated portion of what we paid back to our group.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,1/1/2014,46,168,,4,4>I hadn't been here since I was a young girl...this place was all but a distant memory. I've been wanting to come back because I LOVE this kind of environment, as a kid I would have felt at home here, never wanting the experience to stop. Art, science, mechanics, inventions, astronomy ohhh the joy!Dilemma, I don't have any children and I had no reason to just up an visit the Children's Museum of Virginia without a kid in tow. But I was patient, and I got my chance. My friend had her young daughter's birthday party here! Yippie, I get to visit the museum with childlike wonder. I didn't really play, I just browsed, but I looked at every section on the two level facility, except for the planetarium. I didn't know until I was inside that you needed to get planetarium tickets at the front desk-the line was unbelievably long and the families kept pouring through the door. So no galaxy exploration for me :-(I think the pictures I post will explain better than a few words. If you've got an inquisitive kid, feed their minds!!!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/31/2013,38,84,3,5,2>The simple things in life usually make me happy, but when it comes to food, that is when I become a snob. And this place satisfies my inner snob. Today we came here for brunch because 1. I wanted to try out their new chef. 2. It's not too far from where we go to church. With that said, we came, we ate, talked with the owner, came home and vegged out in front of the electronics. What a fun thing to do on a rainy Sunday day.I ordered the Florance eggs Benedict. With aside of corned beef hash. I haven't had corned beef hash sense I was a little girl, eating this gave me the warm fuzzies of having a family dinner, put the hash on a toast bed and smother it with gravy, and they will bring me back home, having dinner that my long departed mother used to make. But this restaurants is much better. Sorry mom, I love you,your my best friend, but if you were alive, you would understand, theirs is much better than you made, and you would agree with me, because you are like me, a foodie. The hubster ordered the breakfast burrito, he liked it so much that he brought his left overs home to finish for dinner. While the kid ordered the Primavera omelette. Being petite for her age, she made a hearty dent in her meal. She ate all of her grits, a quarter of her omelette and a half slice of toast. Which she will be polishing off for dinner as well. The new chef is really working it. He has added touches to their dishes that really tightens the meal you ordered. Bravo! When we have brunch out,sometimes I order a drink with my meal. It may be a mimosa or Bloody Mary. This time I ordered the Bloody Mary, and after having it here, I will no longer order it anywhere else. They infuse their vodka with bacon. My husband asked me why hadn't I come up with the idea of bacon infused vodka yet! Oh no, I'm slipping! And of the owner uses my idea on the burger, he better give me credit. Another restaurant has stolen one of my burger ideas right down to the name my husband so lovingly dubbed it. Oh well! You live and learn, am I right?!?
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,12/30/2013,35,98,,5,4>I'm not sure why we haven't dined here before?! We brought my dad and my grandmother who were in town last week, and all four of us raved about the place.You are definitely transported back in time with décor, but the food was AMAZING! We started with the steamed clams in a cream sauce which had excellent flavor, but 4 out of the 12 clams were mysteriously missing, and must have escaped from their shells. We told our waiter, who apologetically brought out 3 (not sure why it wasn't 4) extra clams. The cream sauce was soooo good that we were dipping our dinner bread, as well as our breadsticks into it after we had polished off the clams.All four of us ordered Delmonico steaks, and we were all thoroughly pleased. The added sautéed mushrooms and onions were perfectly cooked, and very flavorful. The steaks were out of this world and were quite possibly the best we've ever had. We can't wait to go back!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/29/2013,65,174,1,6,2>So we actually were trying to go to Stove, but it was closed that day. We noticed, however, the Pizza Box. We are HUGE fans of Segundos and we remembered Tony tell us about his pizza place- the Pizza Box. We are so glad we came here.You can smell the pizza aroma down the street- it's amazing. Tucked away on Detroit street, Pizza Box is a cute little place with a few tables. The inside is tastefully decorated and I loved it. The pizza place is quick! We ordered the Brooklyn and an order of the meatballs. The meatballs were good- very well seasoned. The Brooklyn is exactly like Segundo's- DELICIOUS! Cooked perfectly and the ingredients are fresh.Love the place!!!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,12/28/2013,298,491,3,9,4>It's only fitting with it being October and so close to Halloween that you make a point to visit First Landing State Park. What are you waiting for... the trees are all decorated and awaiting your arrival.  If you have been here you know how special it is to see the creepy moss dripping down from the huge beautiful pines for the first time. It is our own natural haunted house right here in Virginia Beach.A newer educational area and restrooms are huge improvements in the past few years. Cabins are also available and although I have never seen inside they look quaint and would add to the experience. A campground is also available across from the main entrance on Shore Dr.The park rangers offer educational tours that can be scheduled. One of the coolest tours is the after dark which I would love to do and cannot imagine stepping on these trails in pitch dark.. YIKES!Our family has been a big fan of First Landing for years. A small entry is required to enter and the adventure is yours. I would personally recommend an annual pass. Whether your on foot, wheels , or holding a leash to a beast you will fall in love with this gorgeous area of Virginia Beach.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,12/27/2013,280,260,,4,2>One of the best rib places I have been to in a long time, maybe even ever. Let's just say my husband wanted to move in! lol Needless to say his ribs were phenomenal... his eyes glazed over in pure delight when he took the first bite (no rhyme intended!) I had the BBQ chicken which was very good and all the sides as well. My daughter had the steak and loved her meal so much she said she wants them to cater her next birthday! My son had the pulled pork which he really enjoyed as well as the baked beans. But the most surprising treat was the chocolate chocolate cake! They combined my two favorite chocolates: dark and mousse!! My mouth is watering to go back just for that alone... but oh yeah, the ribs were good too ;) Also our waitress Debra was very friendly and helpful and went over all of our options and brought food out hot and everything was correct. The owner, Eric, was also very nice and welcoming. It's so close to our house, we will be coming back, with friends! :)
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,12/26/2013,17,153,,6,2>What a fun place!Art stuffs as far as the eye can see.  We were looking for nothing in particular, so we just spent a while wandering the aisles.  I have got to get my hands dirty soon...that print making kit was looking awfully tempting.The employees seemed pretty happy, they were helpful when asked, but didn't fall all over themselves to assist, this is good when you're not looking for anything specific.Pretty good pricing as best we could tell. Sadly, it's been a while since I spent much time in an art store, so I can't really compare anything.We will be returning as soon as I know what I want to do......
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/25/2013,74,230,,4,3>I am not quite sure what took me so long to get over to Belmont for a meal because it has always been on my radar of "to try" places.  But, for one reason or another, I hadn't made it until recently.  Now that I've been, I definitely plan to go back.  For lunch, I ordered the brisket platter with mac & cheese and fries.  The meal came out with a nice portion of brisket, some great looking mac & cheese baked in its own dish, and a piece of sweet corn bread.  The fries were fine, nothing great or bad.  Just decent fries.  The cornbread was moist and tasty and I liked the mac & cheese alot.  As for the main course, the brisket was good overall.  First, it had a nice pink smoke ring which is a good sign.  The meat had a decent smoke flavor to it though it was a little on the dry side and not as tender as I would have liked.  But, it's the best brisket I've had in the area so I was happy to find a passable brisket in HR.  The service was good on this day.  I can't recall our servers name but she did a good job.  They bring out several choices of sauce to complement your meal and they were actually quite good.  Overall, I enjoyed my meal at Belmont and plan to be back to try the ribs.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/24/2013,202,207,2,4,4>No Frill Grill = Steak-n-Shake on STEROIDS!   This place was very nice, just like the name says No Frill's. My friend and I opted to sit at the bar as always. Service is a little more on the quick side when sitting at the bar. I was amazed however at the speed of the waiters and waitresses flying with trays in and out of the kitchen. We started with the artichoke dip which was good. Should've opted out and got dessert instead but oh well. Needless to say I was a little too full to eat all of my entree. I ended up having the sesame teriyaki tuna salad which was good. The bar-keep was very accommodating to our needs, to which we has no complaints. If you do come for dinner, be sure to arrive early as the place fills fast.**Overall a very nice laid back restaurant, perfect for date or just to grab some no frills grub.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,12/23/2013,91,52,6,3,1>I'm in disbelief that I didn't know this place was as cool as it was. I've always seen it as a fancy suit and tie restaurant. My friends were informed last night that Big Easy had an oyster special. I'm not the biggest fan of oysters, but my girlfriend and our friend were stoked to hear that there was a special all night on Wednesdays. We strolled on over to check it out. We were pleasantly surprised that there was a top and bottom floor. The top floor looked really modern and very nice. The bottom floor was cozy with brick walls and a tavern like feel. While the girls were there for oysters, the guys were there for the burger night. I had a solid, cooked as I expected it, cheddar, bacon, mushroom melt on sour dough bread with a baked potato as a side. They brought out the tiniest baked potato, which was nice because I could finish it. The corn muffins though... The corn muffins will probably be what brings me back. They were perfectly crispy on the outside, and soft and semi-moist on the inside. As my friend CJ says, "Next stop... My thighs!! WOOT WOOOT!!!"
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,12/22/2013,196,641,5,1,3>what tastes amazing after your 6th beer?well.....everything.....so what tastes amazing when your the DD?That's right kids- the late night menu at PH!(and it tastes even better when you convince your drunk friends to pay for it all!)Let's give it up for their fried pickles, irish nachos, gourmet mac and cheese (can you say truffles!!?)......but last......is the BEST thing to eat at 1am on a Saturday to soak up all that beer before you try to drive onto a military base...........biscuits and gravy!!! Fatty heaven.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,12/21/2013,22,104,,2,3>What do I say about it... Margherita Flatbread, Coconut Shrimp with yummo sauce, and some extra specially tasty fried mushrooms, that's what I'm saying.  Outback set a nice table to show off their $4 appetizer and drink menu.   Gotta say, already thinking about when to make a gathering of it to load up on more of these fine edibles. The wait staff had quite a time since we were spread out quite a bit, but they were all smiles.  You know that just makes it taste a little better.  Kudos to them as well!   Hope everyone enjoyed it as much as I did.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,12/20/2013,14,98,4,7,5>My friends and I tried this hot spot out a few days ago for lunch. The food was delicious, never had "pho" so it was pretty impressive. The prices were reasonable and the ambience was nice. Where they lack is in the customer service. The wait staff we had took over 20 minutes to bring us our water (which the restaurant wasnt busy for lunch on a Monday). It wasnt until we asked him 2x to bring us our water. Eventually, we told the manager about this incident and the owner apologized and talked to his employee. The moment the owner/manager turned his back, after reprimanding his staff for the lack of customer service, the wait staff made a mocking face behind his boss' back. How rude and unprofessional. We were taken back that we were stunned and wanted to leave as soon as possible. To accomodate the inconvenience, the manager assigned us another wait staff named Gei (Gee) D. He was phenomenol! If it wasnt for Gei, we would have walked away and never come back. But instead, because of his courtesy and politeness, always answering us with a "yes, maam" etc, he was the jackpot, because of him, we are coming back. We felt so good after having been serviced by a great staff that we all went above and beyond and tipped the heck out of him. Hahaha. We loved him! Thanks, Gei for making the experience worthwhile and sorry you had to clean up someone else's mistakes.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,12/19/2013,8,13,,7,4>Yum. The best part about these donuts is that they are made fresh which means hot cakey deliciousness. Downside is there are not many options. I would hope that in the future they expand the donut flavors. Maybe a chocolate donut, strawberry, blueberry? Right now it's just a plain donut with your choice or glaze/powder and topping. Which is still yummy, but I could see it getting boring quick.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,12/18/2013,263,519,3,11,12>This afternoon I had the pleasure of stopping by Field Guide for the first time. This is David Hausmann and John Porter's new lunch spot located at 429 Granby St. in downtown Norfolk. You may recognize those names as David & John own local favorite The Handsome Biscuit and used to run The Boot.  The first thing that will catch your eye upon arriving is the large glass garage door. This opens to reveal a stand up counter and ventilates the entire restaurant on a nice day such as today. The interior of this old building has been redesigned with a very open and modern concept. There are 3 long semi diagonal tables for seating in addition to the standing counter at the entrance and finally a brushed metal counter in the back where you place your order. The rest of the design is very modern with some exceptional wood work done on the overhead lighting and on the right hand wall. It's amazing what you can do with lumber. The menu is exactly what I expected from David & John and in my opinion shows the same type of variety that you see over at their sister restaurant The Handsome Biscuit. There's a few salads, about a dozen very unique sandwiches and about half a dozen side dishes to choose from. I selected the 'Ms. Kodiak' sandwich which is smoked whitefish salad & avocado along with house made sweet potato chips and a golden relish. For a side I selected a serving of 'Chickpea, Broccoli, Roasted Red Pepper Pesto'.  I selected the house soda for my drink. I have one word for you my friends. "Superb!"While I was dining I was also given a desert, I'm guessing because they saw me take a picture of my sandwich.  It was an 'Oatmeal Cream Pie' which is two house made chocolate chip & cherry pecan cookies with a super fluffy cream cheese filling in between. I had to spit that with my guest. What a fantastic lunch! In my opinion this is another homerun for David and John. No question at all. Also in the very near future they're going to be expanding their hours and opening for breakfast as well. I'm really looking forward to seeing what they have in store for us then.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,12/17/2013,63,174,,12,5>Only seven weeks old this week, I think this new Asian-fusion restaurant is maybe the best example I've seen in a long time of an outstanding kitchen in search of an equally outstanding and consistent front end.  We visited Salt for dinner on a Friday night, and quickly fell in love with the clean, minimalist, geometric decor --- a play on understated Asian, without the wood and vegetation.  While our hostess was a little drab, we quickly warmed to our server Tiffany, who, it seemed, did just about everything except the cooking.  Server, bartender, hostess, bus person,  dish and glass washer --- and for all I know, when she disappeared into the kitchen she may also have been doing a turn at the stove.  Unfortunately, Tiffany appeared to us almost to be a one-person show during our visit --- a number of other employees, including a fellow in a blue shirt who seemed like he may have been the on-duty manager, were fairly idle behind the bar, hovering around what appeared to be the restaurant's sole data terminal.  The result, for us, was very attentive and professional service from Tiffany when she  wasn't washing bar glasses or mixing drinks, but an unfortunate lack of a number of little things in the service regimen that one would expect from a restaurant attempting to brand itself as upscale.  Silverware left unreplaced, glasses and side dishes placed on the wrong side of the service, gaps in the removal of plates and glassware (the timing on food delivery, however, was excellent), a delay in closing blinds when the sun sank into my wife's face, and a number of other small things gave us the impression that, if it hadn't been for Tiffany, Salt's front end might be a bit out of control.So if Salt's front end deserved maybe a 3 rating, our one dinner experience with their back end really made us want to stand up and cheer.  The "East Meets West" food and beverage theme reminds us a lot of another of our local favorite VB restaurants, and apparently at least some of Salt's kitchen staff did a turn in the kitchen of that other fine restaurant.  Our dinner choices included an outstanding Furikaki seared Ahi tuna served with a mouth-watering fresh crab salad, some OK pork Pot Stickers (the rice vinegar dipping sauce was a little weak), an excellent fresh grouper (pan-seared, but crispy and still moist on the inside - delicious) and the most fun and delicious Cioppino I've had the pleasure of devouring in a long time.  The Cioppino was served with an in-house baked olive Focaccia bread, which had a perfect texture and was just delicious.  Chef's seasoning was done with a very light hand on all our dishes, allowing the food ingredients to shine through and be appreciated.  The Cioppino broth especially, which can easily be overdone with tomato or garlic, was fresh, light and just wonderful.  And finally our shared dessert of a Brulee du Jour - a very good chocolate version - topped off a truly outstanding meal. So a restaurant only seven weeks into its existence may have a right to still be refining its front end, and we'll give it a  little while and return again.  But Salt's outstanding kitchen will no doubt make that 'little while' before our next visit a very, very little while, indeed.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,12/16/2013,124,171,,3,2>I love to eat...especially at new restaurants. While searching for the best of...I came across Amber Lantern. I checked out their website and said...hmmmm I'm loving the location, the menu...I'd give it a try!! I love love love this place!!!! I loved it so much, I dined on a Thursday and went back the following Saturday! I adore an oceanfront dining experience and this view had me awwwwweestruck!!! We ordered the jumbo lump crabcakes and the atlantic salmon...cooked to perfection!! Even the mashed potatoes, risotto and seasonal veggies were super delish!! I had no idea what I was in for...but I would highly recommend this restaurant for the seafood lover! After dinner, you can walk out to the balcony and have cocktails or even dine there or after you are finished take a stroll along the dockside before you drive away! It also helped to dine at 7pm...we caught the sun setting...a great time! No crowd on Thursday or Saturday night. The drinks were yummy as well and the waitresses/bartendars (which seem to be all perky young ladies...very cute) were attentive and pleasant. The restrooms were very presentable as well. Again, this by far is my best dining experience...from start to finish! Fine dining...good times...great food...awesome atmosphere... you will find all that here :) Visited June 2013
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,12/15/2013,62,168,4,6,7>It was 6:12 and I was jonesing for a Cup Cake.  Seriously, I needed a chocolate fix, bad.  I pull up to the place, and I see the staff coming out the front door.  Our eyes meet across the parking lot, they had been closed already for 12 minutes.  "You looking for something.""I need chocolate, I got it bad...""Come on in, I'll see what I got."2 minutes later, I scored, three chocolate cupcakes that were just perfect.Any shop willing to go that extra mile gets five stars in my book.This is my second visit to Dream Cakes, it's always as good as it gets for me.  I'm a huge fan.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,12/14/2013,72,218,,4,2>I love little Mom and Pop type places. I work nearby and have visited countless times. Great prices and fast service. Food is yummy. My favorite is the large BBQ with slaw which is only $3. Fries are only 1.50 and are seasoned well and yummy crinkle kind. You can also ask for more seasoning. Tried the sausage last week and it came with green peppers and grilled onions and was yummy and hit the spot. This is a great inexpensive place to grab food for everyone if you are on a budget. The line can extend onto the boulevard as it's very popular. Will be back and back and back.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,12/13/2013,129,351,,6,3>There are so many informative ratings I won't waste any time repeating what you can read from others so unlike my normal Yelps I put what I think you need to know in bullet format.- The food is awesome, don't worry about what you order it will all be good- Fresh squeezed juice is a must, even the grapefruit tastes fantastic  - Because it's the only really good place in the area it's always crowded- Expect a wait, at least 15 min (see above)- The staff needs help managing the seating arrangements, makes the wait longer- The servers are knowledgeable of the menu and attentive of their customers- All the staff knows how to keep it a relaxed and enjoyable atmosphere- The bar tender makes a dang good Bloody Mary - It's clean!!!- Weather permitting sit outside- It's worth the wait, you need to come at least once...but you'll be back Other than the wait on seating I can't see why this isn't consistently 5 Stars across the board. My only complaints are:1. There's only one Citrus. 2. It's a drive from our home to get there. 5 STARS.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,12/12/2013,83,478,2,3,2>Visited this location for the first time today for my two-week follow-up after getting the toric lenses for a mild astigmatism in my right eye.  I prefer the First Colonial location because it is larger and more established and has that nice fish tank - but this place is a satellite location which offers contacts and glasses so it served it's purpose - plus it's much closer to my house being only about 9 minutes away whereas the First Colonial location is clear on the other side of town and takes about 25 minutes to get to.  So I'll take it for a quick follow-up! The staff were all friendly and I was seen pretty promptly again by my Doctor, Dr. Dunn who as always was very friendly and funny.  I really like him, I can see why he's so good with children, he's funny and seems to really enjoy his job and he is very personable and seems to really want to make his patients happy.  My new toric lenses gave me a headache so they swapped those out for another pair and I'll be back again in another two weeks.  Dr. Dunn and his assistant assured me that we'll keep going until we get the lenses right for me - so far so good on this second pair by a different manufacturer.  We'll see! Either way - another pleasant experience with Beach Eye Care!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,12/11/2013,183,190,4,15,4>WOW!  Follow your treasure map down Kempsville Road and find the hidden gem named Cilantro!  Xerxes and a few docs I know kept raving about this little hole in the wall and I kind of blew it off a little while because I am not a fan of Indian food and I had heard that Bangladeshi was very similar.  But, whoa, what I was thinkiing?? I love  this place and the prices are incredible!  The shrimp malaikari is full of flavor and I got about 6/7 shrimp nestled on this aromatic rice with nutty undertones for only $4.75!!! You can't even get anything at a crappy Chinese take-out joint for that price anymore!  I also love the "Chotpotti" chickpea salad--I don't normally even go for chickpeas but if you like a salsa, pico de gallo style, with cilantro, you should get this.  I highly suggest you get dessert--I was dazzled by the firni which is an extra creamy rice pudding with cinnamon, saffron, raisins--this dessert will make anybody feel sexy as you pop every spoonful in your mouth.  One of my new faves in the 757.  You must go!P.S. Apparently, they deliver.  And the to go containers are the nice high quality tupperware style dishes that you can wash and reuse.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,12/10/2013,255,146,1,6,4>It was Saturday night, was in Norfolk and felt like trying something different. I checked out my bookmarks and this was one of them. I was encouraged that this place was open late because I unfortunately have the habit of desiring/making up my mind to eat late on the weekends. After being seated, I notice they only have a drink menu because the food menu was written on chalkboards located all around the restaurant. I thought it was a cool touch but not a big fan of it because I'm lazy and want the menu right in front of my face, but everything is written pretty big so even if you're nearsighted you should be able to read the menu with or without your glasses. I ordered the Fried Chicken with Sweet Potato Pancakes with a side order of corn bread. It was a super delicious meal, the chicken was tasty and juicy and the sweet potato pancake, that took up the entire plate, was really good. The cornbread was on point and I would get a side order with this with every meal that doesn't come with it. The customer service here was pretty good as well. It took a little longer to have a server come to the table than desired but once she made contact she and the rest of the staff were on it. Definitely felt taken care of by everyone on the staff. It was a great experience. The only knock on this place would be the small parking lot and the menu set up. But the amount of food along with it's deliciousness helps you get over that quickly. Definitely coming back here.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,12/9/2013,83,62,1,5,4>My boy, Chester, lives down the street from this establishment and he took me here after showing me his new spot, The Wheelist. Granny's is located on 35th St, which is in the Park Pace section of Norfolk. This portion of Norfolk, for a long time, was an area you didn't want to hang out too long (or too often) as its streets were full of shady activity. Thanks to residents like Chester, Park Place is going through a revitalization and the maxim of staying away from here is quickly being eliminated. Granny's is a spot that helps to enforce this area's renaissance, and they're doing it with some good food.Granny's is a small spot - when you walk in the kitchen's in front of you. They serve a la carte and it's a good mix of southern and country cookin'. There is a lounge/bar area (which wouldn't look out of place at the Town Center in Pembroke) with plenty of televisions and a full bar. We came in on a Sunday evening, so there was plenty of football to be seen. My friends got the wings, which I believe were $0.50 apiece, so you can order as many or as little as you desire. I went for the baked chicken, which came with rice and two sides. It was a hearty meal since it was covered in gravy and I ordered French fries and mac 'n' cheese to accompany it. Granny's has a homey feel to it, accentuated by their friendly staff. There is a chill vibe throughout, which anyone can appreciate, although I foresee some friendly arguments between clashing NFL fans (the entire staff was wearing gear to support their favorite teams). Granny is back in the kitchen (definitely not an imaginary title) but she's running things both in the front and back. Say hi to her if she doesn't get a chance to greet you first because I believe it's well-deserved to compliment a place that has a good balance of delicious food and timely service.Better Block is happening on November 8th and 9th, so this spot could be one of the event's highlights. Head over and check it out if you're so inclined. But if you can't make it then then check out Granny's sometime soon if you want to try (or enjoy again) some good home cookin'.  JEV
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/8/2013,59,90,2,4,3>I LOVE THIS PLACE.GREAT PIZZA GREAT GARLIC KNOTS Really good cheesesteaks and the lunch specials are elite.The all the time special is where it's at!!$5.55 for 2 big slices one topping and a soda ! Can't freaking beat this deal.I travel all the way from OV  in norfolk to go to this pizza place.And they stay open until 3 pm on the weekends.  Just so happens to be  a couple bars in the same shopping center.  Im sure this helps their bottom line ahahhahha
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,12/7/2013,49,45,,4,5>Boulevard Pizzeria is a great place to go if you're looking for a quick and cheap lunch. There are two specials. One of them is 2 slices of pizza and a drink. The other is all you can eat pizza and salad bar for about $5.99. If you opt for the buffet, it is pretty much self-serve once you order your drink. You can pick from about two or three different kinds of pizza (usually pepperoni, cheese, and sausage), meatballs, sometimes pasta, and a full salad bar that includes the GOOD stuff, pepperoni and peperocini. My other favorite meal to order here is their Greek salad. It is no baby side salad...the portions are HUGE. It would take me two sittings to finish it. I've also tried the lobster ravioli, which is another popular lunch special. It's good for the price!Service is okay. Don't expect much, but I've never had a bad experience here. You will be quickly seated and there's usually no wait.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/6/2013,121,268,,6,3>Delicious homemade chocolates! Great variety with beach themes. Seashells, crabs, sailboats, and more. They have an adorable bucket with white and milk chocolate golf balls! Fun gifts such as a chocolate shoe or purse! The owner was very nice and let us sample several varieties: dark chocolate with almonds, key lime, and more. All were delicious!!!!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/5/2013,77,61,2,4,2>Ah, smoke. When it's billowing from a house, it's dangerous. When it's coming from the engine of your car, it's a harbinger of doom. When it's the taste that adorns a whiskey, it's soothing. When it's the name of a restaurant, get your taste buds ready.This place opened with a lot of fanfare when it opened, and then I didn't hear much about it for a while. So, when I got the opportunity to check the place out myself, I was excited to see about the fuss. Firstly, I could smell the barbecuing deliciousnessissity before I walked in. Here's the problem: I wasn't hungry. I thought I would sidle up to the bar, get some watery beer and have some half-hearted appetizer. WRONG!At the bar, I met an incredibly cool bartender who guided me into an appetizer that was potato skins with brisket on it. Yep! Beer choices? How about some of my favorite microbrews from up and down the East Coast? Yep!With each subsequent visit, the offerings continue to blow me away. Homemade pork rinds...aww yeah! Smoked fish and homemade potato chips...aww yeah! A hot dog wrapped in brisket and everything else that could could kill the arteries of any super-sized man...I'm not ready...yet. Stop in for lunch, have a great dinner, talk to my girl Lexi about their beer selections, I swear you will enjoy yourself.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/4/2013,34,46,2,5,3>I'm pretty picky about my donuts, but I must say these are amazing.When I walked in I was greeting by a very tropical vibe, which was nice since it was cold out. The girls at the counter and the owner greeted me right away. As I walked towards the case, I could see the variety of donuts they had. I was really impressed. They have your regular, run of the mill donuts, up to creative specialty donuts like the maple bacon (which is fantastic) and creamsicle. I ended up getting a cream filled with chocolate topping, creamsicle, maple bacon, and chocolate with chocolate. They were all really delicious. I ended up sharing with the staff at my store and ordered some donut holes aka 'lil fockers' for an event I had the next day. Ordering was super simple and when I picked them up the owner actually threw in an extra 2 dozen. When I was chatting with him, it was evident that he is fully vested in this shop and spends most of his day there. (I think he said 18 hours or so.) HIs passion and love for the donut is shown through his staff, and his amazing variety of donuts. I look forward to continuing to support Paradise and trying all their different flavors. This is def a spot to hit up when you're downtown. I wish them all the best and look forward to my next donut!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,12/3/2013,34,86,,4,2>My husband and I came here for dinner last night, and it lived up to the expectations I had based on reviews on Yelp. We ordered 18 wings: 6 spicy barbecue, 6 cajun, and 6 of the weekly flavor: garlic parmesan. We also got a side of mac and cheese. All of the wings were very good: the regular flavors (spicy bbq and cajun) were appropriately saucy, with not too much and not too little. The garlic parmesan wings weren't overly saucy, but the skin was nicely crispy and the flavor was delicious. The mac and cheese was a nice balance of pasta and cheese as well - not the cheesiest, but not lacking either. We'll be back, since it's way better than any of those commercial chains!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,12/2/2013,72,106,3,4,6>I'm very happy they did an event here at Lemongrass.  I had a small taste of their fare at the  Electric summer party. But I had no idea it was so good.   I chose the coconut ginger flavors, all the veggies and some of the last choices and it was great.  I love how many choices you have! It makes me feel like I might have a different flavor every time I go. The event was great. Cheers to Xerxes for having us do the human scavenger hunt and mingle more than we might have. Another great Elite event! Look forward to the next!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/1/2013,34,139,3,6,3>I had promised the kids a frozen treat, so on our way home from the beach I was looking for a place to stop.  Yogurt City was the first one I spotted.  I had never heard of it, but thought we'd give it a try.  It was awesome!  My seven year old declared it his favorite store ever.  The decor and lighting are really neat and the place was very clean.  They had maybe 12 froyo flavor selections and TONS of toppings to choose from.  They even had a melted marshmallow topping in addition to the hot fudge and caramel.  It's priced by weight, as I think these type of places always are.  My only complaint is the huge cups.  I wish they had smaller cups for kids because they like to fill them.  Our total was $17 for one adult and two kids!  They also offered bubble tea in numerous flavors.  The kids already can't wait to go back.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/30/2013,155,241,3,6,5>Undeniably, the best soul food restaurant I have encountered here in Hampton Roads. The space is filled with tufted comfy black leather chairs and glass tables. The furniture doesn't really match the genre of food but who cares when they put out chicken and waffles with so much flavor and crunch, you'll likely slap yo mama. Or the table. Which is much more preferable than the woman who gave birth to you.I've been to plenty of chicken and waffle joints to include Roscoes (multiple locations in Los Angeles and even Sylvia's in Harlem) and the chicken at Krush is simply amazing. The chicken had great flavor, it was well cooked and had a crispy exterior. Basically everything you'd want in a fried chicken can be found at Krush.The waffles were also fantastic though the butter wasn't real butter and the syrup was packaged neither of those two elements took away from the waffle itself.The sides were also the best I've had in a while. Hands down the best collards. They had a great smokey taste and weren't vinegary at all. The Mac and cheese was really good and the noodles were still whole (seriously .. This is a rarity) and the sautéed spinach was delicately flavored with a little salt and still bright green. I also got to try the candied yams and .. Oh boy! Were those tasty. Some people don't like them as sweet but I love em and prefer them that way. All in all this was a great food experience. If you're looking for the best fried chicken around, I highly recommend you check this place out.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,11/29/2013,144,389,2,4,2>We attended the TRADOC Army Band Jazz Orchestra concert tonight, and it was terrific. The band always puts on excellent performances. They are a local treasure.   The concert series, is held in the Port Warwick complex, at the William Styron Square, pavilion. It consists with a gazebo, surrounded with a city block of lush grass. The square is surrounded with businesses, where food and drink, and various items can be purchased. There is also street vendors in attendance.   The concert series has a very eclectic mix of performers scheduled for this year, with something sure to please everyone.   A list of the scheduled concerts is located at liveonthesquare.org ...there even is a Google Calendar there, that covers the series.   This is a nice, laid back area, to attend local concerts. Come early. Parking can be an issue.   Recommended.   @Removeyourhat
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,11/28/2013,38,130,2,3,2>This place is AWESOME!They have tons of delicious cigars and a staff that is very knowledgable.  You can smoke there inside the store and watch TV in some comfortable leather smoking chairs.  They have humidor's, pipes, tobaccos, pipe tools. They have events, an app, WI-FI EVERYthing. I could live in the place and will be  back.  OH AND THE PRICES ARE GREAT!I highly recommend if you are at the Peninsula Town Center.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,11/27/2013,73,159,5,6,3>This is definitely not a Barnes & Noble. It's tiny. It's adorable. It's for the book dorks out there. It's a-book-dorkable. Okay, so that's a little weird. Let me scrape up some credibility here.I was first introduced to Prince Books through a friend who invited me to a local author's book debut event. (Lydia Netzer's "Shine Shine Shine". Read it. Love it.) While browsing the store, I saw something for everyone. Magazines, postcards, maps, travel books, etc. There's a cafe here as well, from which delicious smells were issuing like the scent of Granny's kitchen on Christmas morning. Heavenly.Sorry (not sorry).The children's corner was where I was inexplicably drawn. Or 'splicably, since I had my toddler along and he's a veritable book FIEND. They're kind enough to provide tiny chairs and some toys over there.On another visit, the employee wo-manning the register helped me find a book, and ordered a book they didn't have in stock. I had a lovely call from them when it came in earlier than expected.Make sure you grab a "Member Discount Card". It's free, don't fret. They'll stamp it for every $11 you spend. Ten stamps and you get $11 off ($15 or more).
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,11/26/2013,13,167,2,8,5>Very glad to have another quality restaurant pop up on the radar.  Came here for dinner and lunch recently and both experiences were very nice.  If you've been looking for a quality/healthy lunch option downtown, this fills that void.  And if you're like me and just get sick of going to the same places, this is a great new option for dinner - I feel that this will become a great local spot.  It's super cozy - probably seats about 30 comfortably inside.  I'd recommend reservations, but there is a small bar you may be able to squeeze into if you're just walking by on a weekend.For lunch so far I've had the salmon salad, tried the tuna sandwich and the beet soup.  They were all great, but the standout was the beet soup.  It's coupled with a perfect pairing of goat cheese - great complimentary flavors!  For dinner, I've tried the snapper and polenta and the polenta fell a little flat; however, I did try the scallops and they were some of the best I've had - delicious!The menus are beyond simple, so it takes no time to choose.  Make a few things very well, great concept.  I'm imagining that the menus will be dynamic dependent upon what's in season (awesome!), so it's going to be a mad rush when they are making something great - for example, the lemon poppy seed tart with vanilla ice cream that we just devoured (see picture)!The interior is still a bit new, but I'd like to see more artwork.  There is a massive blank wall along the side where the two tops are that is screaming for an interesting piece.  I would also move the couch that sits too close to the lone six top.  When I was there for dinner, my girlfriend and I were both bumped in to a couple of times.  I think moving that couch and replacing its position with the corner shelving unit would solve the problem.There is also somewhat of a fishbowl effect going on with the large windows.  I could see some clean adjustable shades solving that problem.  There are some dining options outside; however, I could see this getting a little loud with the close traffic.  Some nice shrubbery creating a border could help stifle the noise a bit.Other than that, so glad to have this option - come out and support a nice new local spot!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,11/25/2013,121,78,1,4,2>I love the concept and food at this place! Downhome Southern cookin' with a twist. Tried it with a group of friends to see what it was like.We had the AMAZING Spud Mountain for an appetizer, a heaping of fries LOADED with chili, jalapenos, and spices. It wasn't insanely hot, but the heat level was JUST RIGHT. I also had a mint julep that was refreshing and tart to supplement my meal. I had the Chicken and Waffles for dinner, a sweet and savory combination of a Southern classic. My girl had the country fried steak that was served with a creamy peppercorn sauce. Another friend of mine tried the Four Alarm Burger which was surprisingly mild considering its namesake. All in all, a good time.PROS: Our waiter was very friendly and helpful in suggesting plates. The food was good and plentiful. No fancy-schmancy 1/4 portions here! CONS: The wait to be seated and our food. We made reservations, but even still we weren't seated for another 10 minutes (but that was due mainly to TWO large parties that came before us). The food also was slow because of said parties.Second Visit - Feb 3, 2014I ordered the Chicken and BBQ Ribs -delicious! My girl had a tasty pulled pork! Both were really good.PROS: Our waitress Rhonda was THE BEST! Great service, friendly, and courteous. Great food once again!CONS: Our original waiter apparently "chickened out" because he waited to long to get to our table. Boo!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/24/2013,40,107,5,3,3>I can count on one hand the number of times I've visited an aquarium post adolescence, and on 0 hands the number of times I've been allowed to consume beer in one, so thank you Yelp for allowing this to happen for me. The food samples were tasty (especially the tuna & the lump crab cakes!), the servers were super friendly, and it was so great to visit an aquarium sans screaming children & crying babies.The exhibits were pretty neat too, especially the ones w/ the turtles. Turtles are dope.Thanks to everyone who organized this!! My boyfriend & I enjoyed ourselves, and look forward to visiting the aquarium again.PS: sorry, fishies, for consuming some of your delicious fish brethren in such close proximity to your habitat. But it's not like you all will read this, since fish can't read, so hopefully we all can still be cool.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2013,11/23/2013,26,148,3,4,2>Ok, let me be straight here.  It's a strong 3.5 but not a 4, according to the following restaurant rubric that I'm starting to refine:Five stars = "I dream about this place",Four stars =  "I can't wait to go back to this place"Three stars = "I'd definitely go back to this place if someone wanted ___ cuisine"Two stars = "I won't go back to this place for ___ cuisine"One star = "I wouldn't recommend this place to my enemy"The restaurant itself is located in an interesting quasi-industrial/residential area.  Easy to get to, with decent lot parking and streets nearby.  It was clean, nicely decorated and spacious.  The staff (one lady) was genuinely attentive and friendly. The food was tasty (admittedly, not a huge Thai connoisseur here), fresh and came out at a decent pace. I've had better satay, and the peanut sauce seemed to have settled (but was still good).  Veggies were fresh, and the tom yum was surprisingly good.  Pad thai was money, but the rice was a bit underdone (I'm calling it that, rather than old).  Portion sizes were ample.  Bathrooms were also clean, too.  Perhaps the ambiance was lacking due to the fact that I was only one of three tables there, and maybe I'm being a little harsh with the review.  But I can/will stand by it.  I don't think you'll be disappointed in the food if you go, but holding ALL restaurants to the same standard I find it difficult to put up there with the other 4/5-star ratings I've got out there.  Attentive service brought it up from a 3, but is not quite 4-star material the way I look at things.  And that's the way the cookie crumbles...
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,11/22/2013,171,233,,3,3>I have been craving some raw oysters since I had some back in Richmond. With us being so close to the beach, there has to be a place that has some right? Thanks to my fellow yelpers and their recommendation of this place, we gave this a try. Pretty risky time to try this out since it was my birthday dinner and I had never been here before. The place turned out to be perfect for all of our seafood appetites! xNote: when you drive to this place, keep an eye out for a blue building.The Food.-Calamari: Pretty good. It was cooked just right. My dad ordered 3 of these and all were gone in no time.-Oyster sampler (pictured): I tried every variety of oyster except the saltiest one. These oysters were HUGE in comparison to the ones I had in Richmond.  All were cleaned pretty well so no gritty texture. This thoroughly satisfied my raw oyster craving!-1/2 pound crab legs (pictured): I am ridiculously thorough when it comes to opening crab legs so I feel like I got my money's worth at ~$9.95 for 1/2 pound. The crab meat was on the saltier side, but I didn't mind at all. The Service.Like I said, this was my birthday dinner. I made reservations for 12 earlier in the week and we had no problem getting a group of tables for our party in the back corner of the place. Our waitress was pretty on top of things and did a great job keeping us satisfied with timely refills and requests. Our food came out rather quick per my expectations and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. I also love how casual the place is. Plus, it has outdoor seating!Overall, love love love the place! Such great seafood that the risk of trying this place out for the first time will definitely have me coming back for more!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/21/2013,60,60,,4,6>Van and his family provide yet another unforgettable meal.  Their standard menu is simply phenomenal.  Their Banh Mi sandwiches are awesome, their broth for the Pho can't be beat, and if they've got something on the menu that you haven't tried - just ask Van how it should be eaten.  It is obvious he wants his customers to be happy, enjoy their meal - and to experience it in traditional Vietnamese fashion.I can't stop eating here, because the food is THAT good, and the company is even better.  Tonight we talked about what wasn't on his menu (yet), and I'm crossing my fingers that what we talked about ends up on his menu.  Van knows his stuff, and is probably the most personable, warm, and friendly restaurant owner I've ever met.I really feel like family when I eat here.  I can't stop coming, and I won't stop coming.  I really, really, really hope he's hugely successful - because he deserves it.  I've told everyone I work with about him, and can't stop recommending him to perfect strangers.  Even if you've never had Vietnamese food, he will make you dream about it.  Thanks again for a great meal tonight Van!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,11/20/2013,36,23,4,4,4>In my eyes, Cogans can do no wrong. When I first moved to this area, a good friend of mine was showing me local favorites and immediately, I was under the Cogans spell. So much so, that I would go there every Friday night after work for some pizza and beer. My god, it was truly the dinner of a king.Their beer selection is wide, and their drinks are usually cheap. Full bar. $2 mimosas and bloodies on Sundays, which I think is officially the cheapest in Ghent. Correct me if I am wrong, please. Their pizza, 19 times out of 20, is pretty much the best pizza you've ever had in your life. The greasy cheese, the chewy crust, and spicy sauce is like a party in my mouth.Their bread sticks with the Alfredo is addicting. You have been warned. The calamari is not bad. If you just want a small taste instead of committing to a whole pizza, get the house slice. You're welcome.And for those who really care about your dining experience, the inside is dim, grungy, and aged. Really, it's got a beautiful, antique, spaceman vibe about it. And their tunes are always on point. I love when it feels like I am listening to my own personal music library.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/19/2013,1,104,3,5,4>This was by far the BEST event put on by Yelp HRVA. Shout out to all those who helped out and a special shout out to the kittens of the SPCA. Super cute and super fuzzy. Honestly, I didn't know what to expect. The beautifully decorated Marriott started off the experience. What an amazing venue! The inside of the conference room was transformed into a stylish club. I loved the layout, the DJ, and especially the inflatable lounge. The Marriott staff was truly amazing and I would definitely recommend them in the future. Now, on to the faves of the night. Two places truly stood out to me. Yum Yum's Heavenly Bakery and Cilantro Bangladeshi Bistro. Yum Yum's and I have a history of delicious, home-made offerings. Once again, they didn't disappoint. There is no need to hide my love for them and honestly, their pastries treat me so well that I don't want anything else. Sorry yall, this gal's off the pastry market. Cilantro.. Where. Have. You. Been?! If the samples were that flavorful, how delicious must the real dishes be?! The staff was super friendly and accommodating. Good customer services excites me and leaves me wanting to come back. I can't wait to try out the restaurant on my own.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/18/2013,533,177,5,19,13>Doughnut dinette finally reopened!  I love the breakfast here and the cool place  & staff.  They have real home fries.  Great portions on ham and eggs with home fries breakfast.  The pancakes are the size of a dinner plate.  I love local owned places that are cool like this one.I have added photosSure glad it is back open!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/17/2013,48,178,2,4,3>This is my new favorite Mongolian spot. I was craving something comforting with noodles the other night & this place nailed it. The bf & I were served hot & sour soup with sesame bread and then ventured up to the buffet of ingredients to begin working on our masterpiece. Super fresh veggies, nice selection of meats, and the cooks even helped me pick which oils and sauces to cook my meal in. They even bring you lil mini cookies with your check too!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2013,11/16/2013,46,196,4,4,3>This is one of those places you go to when you are bored and want to have a small competitive adventure.  It's smelly, dirty and fun .  You have to go in the morning before the sun is too high in the sky and the stink has rising with the humidity.  The price has risen to ten bucks instead of the 8 bucks it was last year, that is per person if you are fishing or crabbing.  Four bucks if you just want to see what's biting and  to see fish heads steaming on vacated cutting boards and peeps tying chicken guts into their crabbing baskets.  We stop by a Farm Fresh on our way to grab the most disgusting chicken pieces with a mark-down sticker, usually wings or necks.We have four crab baskets, two each.  It's simple competition, who pulls up the most crabs.  We bring an orange Lowes bucket to drop our bounty into and some heavy twine to tie our chicken parts onto the baskets.The best part is the people on the pier, all kinds.  There are families who have been there since it opened at 4am with wheeled coolers full of crabs.  There are couples throwing out their fishing lines not sure if they'd catch anything and people like us, we don't like these tiny creatures, too much work to eat them,  it's just fun to catch them.  One guy was catching them and giving them to the family who was there at 4am.  We would have too but they left before we did.Bored, want an adventure?  Go catch some crabs.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,11/15/2013,34,76,1,1,1>Owned and operated by an older gentleman, Mr. Reed, who has been in the AC repair/HVAC business a long time.  He has always responded to our requests for AC service within 24 hours (he always answers his phone!), even on the hottest days when you know that he is swamped.  Extremely fair pricing, extremely honest.  I feel comfortable with this man working in my home while I am not even present!  We were told about him by our friends and so glad, way better than the big AC companies around here.  Friendly and so polite, he removes his shoes when he comes in your front door!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,11/14/2013,118,112,6,4,3>YORGO's!!!!!I'm full and just writing about Yorgo's makes me crave all their delectable flavors.How can you seriously not like this place? Bagels, a million different kinds of cream cheese, breakfast sandwiches/burritos, vegan/non-vegan, etc etc.Yorgo's has something for everyone, if you can't find something that you like, you might want to re-think your life.... womp wompYes I agree and admit that it gets crowded, but how can you get mad at a place that is booming in this economy?The wait is worth it, your money will be well spent.My favorite thing right now is the Vegan breakfast wrap The Peterman, now I'm no Vegan but damn it be scrumptious!If you haven't tried this place out yet, come and pile in with the rest of us.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/13/2013,119,199,10,15,12>STOP THE CAR!!!!The Beast was roaring down Pleasure House Road one day when out of the corner of my eye, I DIDN'T see the sign for the Memphis BBQ place that I never managed to go to.  In its place, though, was a sign that intertwined the flags of the Philippines and US.  More Pinoy in this part of town is exactly what the doctor ordered!  I roared The Beast into a spot and entered.The place is clean as a whistle!  Before you can let that fact sink in, though, you will be greeted by some of the nicest people to ever run an eating establishment.  Walk to the back and you will see a small buffet table set up with a smiling server standing behind it.  Tour Guide is actually a better term than server.  If you are new to Filipino Food, a white person that can't remember or pronounce the right words for the food, or maybe of Filipino Descent but never quite learned the food names (or how to use chopsticks....you KNOW who you are....), then this is the place for you!  Our Tour Guide will explain each dish without saying that ANY of it tastes like chicken.  I loaded up on Adobo, Pancit, BBQ, and a sausage.  No lumpia this trip, I didn't want to make a pig of myself.  At the top of the buffet table there was also a plate full of Turon!  Everything on my plate was worth eating.  I'd go back again and again again, no problem, no regrets.  Lunch for 2 was less than $14 because they have a 3 entree for $4.99 lunch special.  They have other combinations as well, and from listening to our Tour Guide speak with some other guests, there is no way that she is going to let cost get in the way of you filling your belly and enjoying the experience.  If you are the type that has a Lawrence Welk Pandora Channel programmed into the Lincoln Town Car,  Mariam's also serves up hamburgers, cheeseburgers, onion rings, chicken sandwiches, and various other flavors of Food for White People.  I have no intention of ever reviewing or tasting that food, though... but there was  a group of ladies at another table that were all about some burgers.  As I was leaving, they were ravaging the beef, flinging ketchup everywhere.  Guess the burgers and such are good as well.But let's get back to the star of the show.  The Pancit here is wonderful but different from the Pancit you can find at other places not too far away.  Not better, not worse, just different.  In a pleasant sort of way.  Same can be said for the other dishes I tried.  Don't consider Mariam's your New Favorite as much as another place to put into the weekly rotation!  There are now at least 3 Filipino Options for Lunch within a 10 minute drive of Little Creek NAB...and that probably raises the real estate values by at least 25%.If you are looking for some grub for your next big get together, Mariam's sells 16OZ of any entree for $4.99 and 32OZ for $9.99.  100 pieces of Lumpia will set you back $40.  Mariam's is now on my speed dial.  If I could figure out a way to make 911 calls ring at Mariam's, believe me, I would!But one other thing that I want to stress....the service!  The people that work here are truly some of the nicest and most genuine people that I've met in the restaurant business here.  The smiles are not forced, when they tell you to have a great day, they really mean it.  The entire experience felt more like going over to a friend's house for lunch than going to eat at a restaurant.  Although they've only been open 3 weeks, it seems that they have already drawn a crowd of regulars.Should you go?  Yes, of course you should!  When I'm in town, this will be a once a week place for me for sure.My little part of town is starting to get some great dining options all of a sudden!  Mariam's is certainly a cornerstone of that list of options, and I truly hope that they are around for the long haul.5 Stars!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,11/12/2013,31,57,2,2,2>I had brunch here awhile ago with my "little" bro and his special lady. And of course, the first thing I see is the food challenge they have. Needless to say, I pushed/convinced my brother to try the food challenge they have. My stomach wasn't feeling it, so I didn't try it out and still haven't been ballsy to do so. If I remember correctly, it was a dozen egg omelette (u are to choose a protein) and 8 pancakes. This challenge was $19.99, which definitely not a bad price at all, and if you beat it then you get a shirt and the challenge is free.The people in the place are super friendly, and I definitely enjoyed how homey the place felt. I really felt like I was in a small town flick deal.As I said, I tried this awhile ago (about 3 months ago or so) and I remember the food being absolutely great. The home fries were good, but the omelette ordered by my bro's special lady and mine was what made the plates. We did order the jug of strawberry mimosa, and I wasn't exactly a fan, however, my bro's lady friend liked it. ...oh and to finish the story about the challenge. My bro failed unfortunately. However, he did make it onto their Facebook page (picture) and they did congratulate him and were proud for how much he gobbled down that they did award him with a shirt.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2013,11/11/2013,163,183,4,9,7>Bike racks, bike racks, bike racks! Please and thank you! Such a clever name, Streats, oozes "hipster" and "trendy." With that aside, I felt like I wasn't in Norfolk any more. This place reminded me of a spot you would see in Brooklyn. From the Rothko-esque paintings to the awesome garage door, you could tell this was definitely well put together. Let's get down to the business! The food!  Affordable. Tapas style, with a select "dinner" size entrées. But with that in mind, it is still tapas style, so it can add up pretty quickly if you end up ordering pretty much the whole menu like we did. Started with the Dukkah, a grilled flatbread with oil and spices. Take a peek from my photos to see what it looks like. It's not much presentation wise but boy was it delicious! Pretty simple but definitely great :) a fellow elite, Julia, ordered the Chinese Marbled Tea Eggs, which both looked and tasted interesting. Our table had ordered the Meatloaf, the Chicken Satay, the Fish taco, the Kombu Dashi Udon, and the hot dog. All were good. But the fan fave was the chicken satay. The hot dog was apparently a little on the salty side and the meatloaf could use a little more salt and pepper. The udon was alright, it too could have used a little more spices to give it a bolder flavor. To cap our night, we had the tres leches, the hockey pokey ice cream and the special dessert of the evening, some variation of a cream puff. The toffee on the ice cream made it such a hit! If you must fulfill your sweet tooth, get the ice cream! Service was okay. He mumbled quite a bit and I could hardly hear him. Not awful by any means, but not overly impressive either. However, the gentleman who sat us was great! He was excited to seat us. Pretty good first time experience but nothing spectacular. We may come back real soon for another round of tastings. It also doesn't hurt that it's located within our bike route.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,11/10/2013,509,292,5,4,7>Dude. This one has my vote for the best OYE so far. I absolutely loved everything about tonight's event. The food was fabulous and such a nice variety of samplings from their menu. I loved the crabcake, the crispy pork belly and the scallops we on point!.  The watermelon atop the freshly made cheesecake was such a nice summery touch, I wish I could have taken an entire cake home. I did NOT have a pear martini but I did make sure that everyone I talked to had one for me and I heard they were delicious. Thanks guys! Also, thanks to the Smartmouth rep for giving everyone a commemorative glass from their brewery. My husband says thanks as well. The staff were SO nice and accommodating. I want to especially thank them for letting Julia A. bring her pup to the patio so she could join us for this event. They were truly awesome and you could see that they are all so passionate about their restaurant. Nice job to all the staff!! Everyone looked sharp in their black and white garb as well. Love my Elite Yeeps!! As always, Xerxes, nice work on yet another sweet event. I totally appreciate the work you put into the planning. Until next time dudes!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,11/9/2013,114,446,,5,3>My man and I have been looking for a new place after we became disappointed with our regular peeps. we heard good reviews about NV and had to try. Definitely worth the short drive that we had. Good prices. Staff held conversations with you. Very friendly. Definitely recommend!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,11/8/2013,59,189,2,7,4>Buttercream Cupcake Cafe has the best cupcakes in the area, I promise.  They live up to their namesake.  The cake is so moist yet fluffy.  It is probably an insane amount of frosting, I'll admit.  But you won't regret it.I think I've tried all the flavors in the past year.  My favorite is the "Strawberry," as you can taste the pureness of the fruit in every bite.The "Banana Pudding" cupcake is quite messy, as it is filled with banana pudding and topped with a vanilla wafer.  Still, oh so good.The only difference in the "Wedding Cake" and the "Original Diva" are the colors of the frosting, so that's a throwaway flavor in my book.All the other flavors are so true to what they're supposed to be.  And I can appreciate that, once I get past the typos on the menus, the websites, and in the actual cafe.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,11/7/2013,96,146,,4,5>Where do I begin mon!I have heard of this place and never really looked into it, then after hearing from some coworkers that it was good i decided to try it out with my buddy. Well let me tell you, I am happy this place is so close to my work because this place is fan-Fking-tastic. The place is in a location where you would never expect a restaurant like this to be, right next to the DMV, in a building that looks like its full of suits.... but instead is full of fantastic food. This is Jamaican BBQ, its spicy, its tasty, its smoked and its not cheap to make and time intensive, so its not really cheap unless you are going to get just one item with sides. I had to try the brisket, pork and chicken and it cost me over 20$, this is not an issue for me however because I have been to BBQ locations in Richmond (classic BBQ) and paid this much if not more. Fact of the matter is... Good BBQ is not cheap to make!Every bite is awesome, various sauces at the table from BBQ to vinegar, spicy sauce ect, mix and match and  enjoy as every bite highlights a spice or flavor pulling you further into a food coma you wont want to wake up from....I sneaked a few Grilled String beans from my buddy's plate and let me tell you, HOLY String bean batman it was some good S^%#!I am hoping my fellow Yelp Elite members take note of this location and go check it out!, I would love to have a Yelp Event here to show case the wonderful food and staff. The place is kept clean, tables are cleaned off quickly and attentively, I hope they can expand their location or move into a place better suited to get the Attention they should get because this is one of the Hidden Gems in my area and I plan to come here more often in fact... we just named this "Payday Lunch"
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,11/6/2013,93,48,,2,4>The fall 2013 wine festival was amazing! This year festevents and the winery's stepped up there game to bring not just the usual white, blush and red but some spice! Spice wine that is, which was a whole new experience in the world of wine for me!! The best spice wine was the Williamsburg Winery's Settler's Spiced Wine. It had an amazing smooth kick to it! The wine was so good I bought it!! I went on Sunday this year to change it up and I have to say it was the best idea ever! The lines were super short I think the longest I waited in line was 5 minutes!! The winery's were also spread out this year, which helped with the flow of traffic!! Some of the amazing thing I encountered was a haunted malt wine and fruity sangria wine! I am not a huge fan of Chardonnay but Veritas's Chardonnay opened up your taste buds to a whole new experience. I also visited a new winery called rose mint their wine consorts were very instructive!! North Mountain winery gave me a ringer by having a hot wine, can you say yum! I also bought that too!I love wine fest and this years 2013 did not leave me hanging!! Definitely get out there and enjoy it next year!!!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,11/5/2013,66,117,5,6,5>Greek fest drinking game- drink every time someone, anyone says opa! or complains about the lines for the food. Within five minutes you'll get a sweet buzz!Been coming to this festival for a long, long time.  Is it a little overpriced?  Maybe.  Is the ground almost always wet the day we go?  Yes.  Is it hard to find a place to sit with your big honking tray of food?  Absolutely.  Is it worth it?  Damn right it is.You'll wind up spending at least $40-$50 on food alone for two people.  But it's a good amount of food.  Get the Lamb shank.  You'll feel like Fred Flintstone.  And its one of the most delicious herb and olive oil marinated hunks of meat that you'll ever have the pleasure of eating outside.  The Moussaka is always banging.  But always save room for the Loukamades.  Honey sweetened puffs of fried dough.  These things are naughty.  These things will make you get in a fight with your loved ones because you ate the last one.  And you have to eat them within a certain time span or else they lose all their magic and happiness.  We got an order to go and by the time we got home they weren't as puffy and light and happy anymore.  Still sweet and delicious, but just not the same.The arts and craft area inside the building is also great.  We always find some cool jewelry or art every time we come.  And you get to meet the artists and craft people which is cool too.This is a must do every year if you are in Hampton Roads.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,11/4/2013,21,240,,5,2>Wow this is a great little place.  We stopped in for a late lunch on a Friday.  We got the Brazil Bowel and the special poke and to drink a carrot juice and a watermelon juice. The poke and the bowel we really good, lots of flavor and very satisfying.  The juices were very refreshing.  The place I would describe as funky casual, nice big couches and chairs for hanging out and talking, great background music, the store is clean and bright and the service is laid back and casual yet professional.  This is a great little place when you want to try something new or different or looking for a new hang out.  I will definitely be going back for more.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,11/3/2013,122,469,,7,5>I'd been wanting to come here for awhile because I was intrigued about the history of the original building (that was built in 1906 for a real estate firm) and thought it would be a great place to go for my husband's birthday. The outside of the building looks like a cool, old school bank but we pretty much found that's where most of the original architectural integrity ended (aside from the original standing vault in the downstairs bar area). Inside, while everything was very polished and chic (as most of the interior had been completely restored from when the building was abandoned years ago), it just felt extremely formal and a bit stuffy. White tableclothes, lots of extra plateware, glassware, and silverware on the table, amuse bouche, and jazz musak playing in the background. Maybe this is typical of most steakhouses, I don't know; we kind of decided we don't like that vibe for the future. Now while they had an extremely wide and varied wine by the bottle list, we found their wine/glass to be lacking. I wasn't drinking because I'm pregnant and even if I wasn't I very rarely like committing to an entire bottle, preferring to switch up my wines as I go (even if it's not the "better value"). So when a restaurant doesn't have an ample wine/glass list, that always annoys me...especially for a high-end steak restaurant. He found they offered no Syrah's by the glass so he settled on a pretty decent Cab (Avalon from Napa). We started with the lump crabmeat cocktail served with butter and cocktail sauce. We basically didn't touch the cocktail sauce since it tasted like Heinz cocktail sauce from the bottle (seriously, they couldn't have made a nice in-house horseradish cocktail sauce?) and the actual lump crabmeat came out cold. I thought this was REALLY weird. Have you ever had cold crab meat? Not too appetizing. The butter didn't have any other garlic or seasoning to it either, so I found this appetizer to be pretty underwhelming and wished we had gone with the prosciutto wrapped motz.Fortunately from here our dining experience went uphill; I ordered the 6oz filet and my husband got the ribeye (thanks to many of the yelp reviews on here raving about it). We were kind of going back and forth trying to figure out whose was better, they were both SOOO DELICIOUS. My husband said this was one of the best steaks of his life. HIS LIFE, PEOPLE. I have to admit, hands off, they cooked the steaks to perfection and every bite was bliss. My filet was like cutting into butter and his ribeye had this amazing smoky flavor to it that I've never tasted from a ribeye before. Not TOO marbley either. We were both lost in our steaks for awhile. We also ordered the garlic spinach and the grilled portabella and onions as sides. The garlic spinach was decent (I've had better, however) but oh my god the portabella and onions was the best choice of the night. It really cut up the monotony of the steaks and added amazing textures and flavor profiles we wouldn't have otherwise gotten. If you get no other side, get the grilled portabella and onions. We were completely full but I had noted it was my husband's birthday in the reservation and was very impressed that they had prepared a small chocolate torte with a candle on it for him on the house. I love when restaurants do these simple but hospitable gestures. It, of course, was amazing.Overall, Byrd & Baldwin is really a class act. I venture to say it is the best steakhouse in Hampton roads. Additionally, we didn't find wait times to be excessive at all and we were there on a bustling Thursday evening. All the stuffiness upstairs in the formal dining isn't really our cup of tea so if you still want to try out their amazing steaks but you're looking for a less formal environment, then you need to eat downstairs in their basement bar area that has more of that 1906 architectural integrity and casual feel to it.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,11/2/2013,139,167,3,4,3>What a lovely, lovely studio.So, because I am big on the things that REALLY matter in life, when we first moved here a little bit ago, the first things I needed to look up were: 1) Where will I eat and drink?  2) Where will I see rad music?  3) Where will I get tattooed?  4)  Where will I get my hurr did and 5) Where will I get my yoga on?Tribal Yoga, of course, came up as one of the only yoga options on the peninsula outside of the gym.  That got me a bit nervous, I'll be honest.  But those fears were immediately eliminated upon entering the studio.  I was greeted warmly, shown around the facilities, and then let in to the studio.  The studio space itself was intimate without being claustrophobic, and nice and dimly lit the whole time during class.Both instructors I had were great.  I've been doing yoga for about five or six years, but never with much consistency for very long.  I always love coming back to it, and while there are always kinks to get out after a hiatus from "the mat," there's an extent to which it's a bit like riding a bicycle and it all comes back to your muscle memory fairly quickly.  At the beginning of my second class here I was kind of NOT feeling it and things were hurting and I was muttering a little under my breath, but by the end, GOD did I feel good.Their class times are perfect for the employed and are generally 1hr and 15min, with the exception of their two noon classes on Thursday and Tuesday which are 1 hour exactly -- perfect for a little lunch time yoga fix if you're in the area.  They also have a 9:30-10:45 time most days, which is perfect for the temporarily unemployed (like yours truly) and the permanently unemployed housewives among you.Both classes I've taken have been their "Tribe I" all levels class.  It really was a great all level class, with lots of modifications for making things more or less advanced.Overall, a really lovely studio, and not simply for being one of the only options in the area, but despite the lack of competition, a really stand-up place that could hold its own with the rest of them, even in more Yoga-fied metro areas, like the Bay Area or the Pacific Northwest.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,11/1/2013,31,234,4,4,3>I'm kinda in love with the vibe here more than anything. We had just come from the dog park and wanted a bite where we could bring the pup. I called, and yes they can have dogs on the patio. Me and the hubs may have been the only people not rocking an full sleeve, but everyone was very chill. The patio is huge, with plenty of seating and corn hole boards all around. They even had easy bar access from the outside so I imagine this is just a really cool place to hang out when the live music is going and the rest of the biker gang show up. Seems like they host events here often.In terms of the food, pretty good bbq. The fries were a little limp which made me sad, but the meal on the whole is kinda what I was in the mood for. Once I get tats and a chopper I'll be back to rep.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,10/31/2013,37,327,,3,3>Ah the oceanfront.  I like this area.  We lived down here for years and when we come to the beach I prefer this area.  We love the boardwalk and bike paths.  I rarely walk on the store side of things.  But if you like junky stores with cheap stuff they have plenty.  And the streets are tree lined for some shade.  The beach is wide and plenty of room even on those busy weekends.  But when they do the festivals with booths on the boardwalk avoid!  It's crowded and packed.  Best when the boardwalk is wide open.  The water here is decent for boogie boarding.  Enough waves.  Better than Sandbridge area.  We don't like the rip tides here though.  They are strong and the kids can't go too far out.  Lifeguards here are on top of things, but there are drownings most years, so keep an eye on how far out you get.  The biggest downfall for the area is parking.  While there are a lot of lots, it's $10 on weekends.  We don't come down here at night, as it seems the crowd isn't so family friendly anymore.  We enjoy the day trips though.  It's great in spring or fall with no crowds and the kids can play in the sand and run around.  Summer gets crowded.  But it's still our favorite area for the beach b/c of all the restaurants and the boardwalk.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,10/30/2013,121,170,,2,4>I've luckily been able to visit here twice in the past few weeks.  I love the the fact that we have great gelato in Ghent.  The area has a number of froyo places; I love that too, but sometimes I want some good, something different, and Strawberry Fields fits the bill.  I love the freshness of the on-site homestyle gelato.  It's refreshing to see a a huge turbo-charged juicer behind the counter; that means there's some serious juicing going on there.  That can only lead to great sorbets and gelatos. The gelatos are great, but the fresh fruit flavors are spectacular - Mango is my favorite.I recently tried the Aztec Chocolate (I believe that was the name).  It was hot chocolate with the heat coming from chilies -- interesting and pure genius.  Maybe a better combo for chili-heads with a take on the combo of mint and chocolate.The last time I was there I had the Tagalong.  It was just like the famous cookie in gelato form.  Combine that with Fresh Cream and I was in heaven.I've had gelato at other establishments in the area - Ynot and Confetti.  Strawberry Field is above and beyond the best in the area.  It's not ice cream, it's not frozen yogurt, it's in a world all to its own.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,10/29/2013,84,331,,6,2>Stopped by to get two pairs of heels repaired, both had the rubber tips completely worn out. Cost was $10 for two left shoes, dropped off on Saturday and ready on Monday. Pretty large store that seems to get a good amount of business. Very nice couple working here. Quick and easy shoe repair...I'll be coming back!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,7/26/2013,10/28/2013,198,161,1,5,2>Updated review:I'm sad to say the the last three out of three visits to Lubo were pretty terrible. Perhaps they aren't good at groups and I'm always there in a group of 5-8 people. The service is poor. Aside from the drink and the entree it's damn near impossible to get anything extra brought to your table...things like a fork, a napkin, extra dipping sauce, different salad dressing, coffee creamers without mold. There are always tons of excuses like the computer upstairs doesn't work, the credit card reader is offline, I can't remember who ordered what, the glasses aren't dirty they just have water spots (and lip prints). This most recent time I was there for Tuesday night $5 flights. The server told us 5 ppl only could order a flight of wine because only 5 flights fit on a tray. Ok, so then how many plates fit on a tray, can only 3 ppl order food bc only 3 plates fit on a tray!? Make two trips, right!?  We were told we could share 5 flights among the 8 ppl. If that's the case then we would just be ordering flights more frequently, saving the server no time at all, and causing annoying confusion among the party. From the time we were done eating, to the time we were handed our checks 50 minutes passed! I thought to myself, they must be really slammed downstairs bc there was only one other small table seated upstairs but nope, I walked downstairs and it looked pretty scarce. Dinner took 2.5 hours from the time we were seated until the time we were handed our checks. I don't know how long it took my friends to pay their checks and actually get their cards back bc I just threw down cash and hightailed it out of there. I ordered a special feature that night. It was shrimp and quinoa. It was very underwhelming. There was very little flavor to it. It was grilled shrimp over plain quinoa with stewed diced (seemingly canned) tomato on top.  So 8 times now I've been to Lubo. First 3 times in 2012 were great. The 5 times between 2013 and 2014 were a steady decline. I do not plan to return unless one if my friends arranges for a dinner there and even then I may suggest to try somewhere new. Original review:This place is fantastic!  I've been to this restaurant three times.  Twice on Tuesday for the $5 flights and once on Sunday for brunch.  The prices and the food is top notch.  Service has been superb on two out of three occasions.  Many of my friends have been going to Lubo's every Tuesday for months which is a testament to how great this place is.The only issue we had with the one waitress is that she was just clearly in a very bad mood and letting it show both at our table and while she was ranting to a co-worker behind the bar.  That made it a little awkward but it was super busy as usual on Tuesday night and they were out of glasses for tasting and running out of some of the wine on the list *gasp!* So I gave her a pass.  I was with Kenya S. when she ordered the camenbert cheese and her description of that dish is spot on.  Honestly, that is the only item on the menu that I've seen that needs some help.  I'm going to become a regular and try out more of their weekly events.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,10/27/2013,159,120,2,5,3>This "Premium' steakhouse is located in the Port Warwick area of Newport News.  The location lends itself to the classy, upscale restaurant.  This was my first visit, to celebrate a couple of this week's events.  Nicky and I both enjoyed the setting, lighting, and professionalism of the staff.  This is definitely shirt and tie territory.  I ordered the cowboy cut rib-eye and veggies...  We also had the stuffed tomato appetizer.  Both dishes were better than expected, and the display was awesome.  The steak was a little more done, than the average medium-cooked fare, but, I couldn't complain about the taste.  So, in short, I can def recommend these two items.I'd also recommend the red wine, "Troublemaker" ...and the house Champagne.  Both were awesome and accompanied the steaks well.  This is a great spot for celebrating momentous occasions, and I recommend it strongly.  If I'm treated to a slightly better cut of beef next time, I may have to upgrade to an undisputed four stars...Right now, Schlesingers earns a strong 3.5 star rating!!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,10/26/2013,38,55,4,2,6>Can't knock the hustle of this place.My friends and I like to hang out in Norfolk and afterwards, more often than not, we like to return to the classic.... Doumars.The history behind this drive-in is enough reason to visit. Sticking to their roots, the simplicity of their food and dessert is evidently what they do, and all they'll ever have to do, to survive the times. Not to mention the staff is great whether you decide to dine-in or stay in your car. Obviously, one can argue that they've tried better food or ice cream elsewhere, but that's not what it's all about. You come here to respect the O.G. in the game and eat a cheap but satisfying meal, while admiring the fact that they've changed very little to their craft and haven't conformed to all the civilization and renovations surrounding them.Definitely recommend this location to those visiting the area, especially to see where the waffle cone all began.I guess you can call this Sonic Drive-In's great grandfather. Respect your elders!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,10/25/2013,61,127,,7,3>Couldn't be more excited about Roast Rider Coffee + Tea! I'm always jealous of cool coffee shops I find in big cities & now VB finally has one! I enjoyed a fantastic pumpkin caramel latte today that completely blows Starbucks away. But I really shouldn't even compare RR to Sbux because they're on completely different levels. My hubby & I shared the soup of the day, split pea, and loved it. I can't wait to try their quiche & a pastry next time. Both times we've gone to RR I've nursed our 3 mth old daughter on their gigantic leather couch & felt totally comfortable doing so. RR is very sleek & modern, but still maintains a laid back vibe. Lots of comfy seating options. Yay for Roast Rider @ Hilltop! Oh & the word on the street is that RR will soon start serving food from Pasha Mezze! Woohoo!!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,10/24/2013,29,248,2,8,2>(My mini story- skip this paragraph if you want the real review.) I was driving along Rt 264 towards virginia beach to watch the fireworks. 0.5 mi. before my exit was to arrive, the ETA per GPS went from 11 min to 34 min and i began to see shiny taillights of cars backing up. I mmediately veered my car to the right ( after cheking my side view mirror ofcourse) , and took the first exit i could find before i could get trapped back in that mess! i love fireworks, but not so much.  Anyhow, longstory short, i called up a few friends, yelped a hookah bar, prayed for the best and rolled into here.I gotta say, i was taken aback.Vibe: So, this place looks like a normal tapas bar on outside, nothing fancy. it has its own private lot and is immediately adjacent to Venue 112, which is also a kinda fun bar. (Side note- yelp has Venue 112 listed as the hookah bar- which is NOT. Central 111 is.) Anyhow, It  has two rooms- ones a dance floor/bar , and the room in the back was a smoking room- with the hookah and also served food and alcohol. It has a classy/trashy feel to it. It was kinda odd- the inside was pink/purple with beads all over- classy part. Trashy part- their had tv's around the minibar which kept playing this music video with people masturbating - on repeat! Im not sure what vibe they were trying to evoke, but it was definitely a conversation starter. More important stuff- Hoookah- They serve al fakheer(15$) and starbuzz(18$) ( 2 of my favorite brands). My problem was with the hookah itself- i dont think it was set up right- too many coals made it harsh and we had to keep adjusting it. Also, our hoses were not pulling properly, so she had to change them. Im an amateur, but my hookah at home comes out ten times better with less complications. The premium hookah ( stabuzz flavors) come with a mini appetizer platter- which is genius because we did end up ordering food because of it. But the food was GREAT. I have never had a better falafel, ever. Oh, we also got a cheese platter- it came with 3 type of cheese + apples, strawberries, crackers, YUM! Prices- pricey. We had just been to venue 112 earlier where drinks were 5-7$. here, drinks started at 9, which is expensive and therefore i didn't get any. Blue moon was 5$ ( at venue 112 it was 3$)  Extra hose was 2$ per person. ADD ICE to bowl was 2$ ( which is not on their menu and server did not tell me!). Service- was awesome. Our server nina was great. She came by often to check up on us and to chit chat. Next time you go, ask for her to be your server. Shes sweet:)My suggested plan as a smarter consumer- go to venue 112, drink it up first, then go to venue 112, smoke it up, then back to venue 112 and dance the night down. The end.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,10/23/2013,298,491,3,4,5>El Taco Loco has been on my radar for the last few weeks after seeing stellar reviews come across from Yelp friends. I have been looking for a really good Mexican place for a while. It seems that my old go to places are going down hill. So how excited was I today to be in the area and give it a test drive.Once I finally located it way off VB Blvd beside Harris Teeter and off Little Neck Rd. I almost had an accident. My car had a mind of it's own and insisted on redirecting my final destination to Braise, However, I overpowered the steering wheel and went a couple hundred feet around the corner and parked. I had no idea this taco joint was even here, let alone that such good buzz had been spreading around town.I arrived around 12:30 PM and the lot was not too busy. The parking area had some debris, but it was a really gusty day and can excuse it. I noticed an out door seating area that was closed with the cool windy conditions. I was ready to enter and starved.When entering the door I was immediately greeted by my waiter. A bar is right inside the door and I saw some real yummy looking margaritas ready to be served. Darn, this would not be the day to try one, maybe next time if the meal lived up to expectations. I saw seven TV's in and around the bar/dining area. The eating area was pretty much empty with only a few customers. Everything looked spotless... every table cleaned and cleared, as well the floor was completely free of trash. The waiter seated me and provided a menu. Hot chips and salsa followed by a junior waiter who was over the top nice and welcoming. Two kinds of salsa white and red. I tried both and usually do prefer the white, but red good too. Oh, the chips were so good and there seemed like a million of them in this big basket.It did not take me long when the waiter came back to order the $5.99 lunch special... #5 a Beef Burrito, Beef Taco and rice. I was not expecting a lot for this price so I ate away at the delicious chips. Within 10 minutes my very hot plate came out. Visually is looked scrumptious. Steam was roaring off the plate and before I knew it the dish was all mine to enjoy. Where to start, no detailed instructions, no road map with this bad boy. I tried a little of each at the beginning and found all just incredibly tasty. But I ended up eating the taco first. It had such an awesome crispy shell and was filled with beef, lettuce and tomato. It would end up being my favorite part of the meal. I am not a big fan of rice, but believe me when I say it was solid. The burrito was large, flavored nice, but not too spicy. The meal was quality in every way.The waiter checked on me once and provided a drink refill. I was not high maintenance today and wanted left alone with this huge plate of Mexican goodness. It took a while and I struggled a bit, but prevailed after about twenty minutes. I never had a chance with the chips, as good as they were just too many for one man to devour. However, the plate was clean and I anticipate a few notches off the belt may need to be loosened tomorrow. This is not a meal I would endorse for lunch every day. But whoa, would I ever love to not have to worry about blowing up and trying all the specials in one week... WARNING!!!! don't do this or suffer the consequences.I hit the restroom up prior to paying the bill and found it tidy. I took a little look around and saw a large second room for big parties, or over flow. The check was at the table as I requested and the amount was correct and under $7. Seriously, this much food, the service was awesome and atmosphere comfortable. What more I ask could any customer want.. Well, I did try to find a secret passage over to Bobby's Braise for desert, but to no avail. I will come back and want to bring family and friends to check this place out.  RECOMMEND HIGHLY if you are in the area swing by and you too will see what all the YELP is about.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,10/22/2013,35,98,,5,4>We've had their carry-out a few times and each time it gets better than the time before.I would highly recommend the Seafood Pescatore, even my three year old was devouring it. It's yummy pasta with tomatoes, scallops, shrimp, and clams floating around in it. The fried oysters are delicious, as is the fried shrimp. The fries I imagine are good when eating them fresh, but when bringing them home, they tend to get too soggy. Their pork tenderloin was one of the best I've ever tasted, and the fried soft shell crab was pretty decent as well. They have weekday lunch specials so if you're in the area, stop on by and catch some good food at a decent price.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,10/21/2013,65,174,3,3,3>Interesting. Virginia has this thing where they put bars in strip malls. I don't get it. Azalea Inn is this giant bar/restaurant. One side is a restaurant, the other is this big bar area with an arcade in the back. It's a bit....country. Like, not a classy joint at all. A place where if you came in there in sweatpants it wouldn't be looked down on. I came here to celebrate the end of Physics II summer class and was in the mood for some drinks. A friend loves this place, so I decided to give it a try.The bartenders are nice and attentative (then again, I was here on a Tuesday). The drinks are big and pretty inexpensive. We ordered the Hawaiian pizza. I WAS SHOCKED. It was soooo good! Perfect drunk bar food. Even if I wasn't drunk and this place was close enough to my house, I'd order their pizza. It's packed with ingredients (they definitely don't skimp). Delicious crust. Just awesome.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,10/20/2013,46,168,4,9,2>This visit was redeem my birthday reward "a free entree up to $15." My meal was over $15 but I had a delicious dinner for the price of a fast food meal, so no biggie! Cedar plank salmon, broccoli, garlic mashed potatoes.Instead of savoring the first half of my salmon, I ravenously devoured it as if my plate was in danger of being snatched away at any moment. This is what happens when I run errands on an empty stomach. Wanting to really experience the second half of the salmon, I decided to pause on it and instead shove forkfuls of creamy garlic smashed potatoes Into my mouth to quench/calm my initial hunger followed by broccoli. I drizzled my plain broccoli with the extra balsamic glaze I requested on the side (for the salmon).Waitress Kelli was very attentive. She asked how I would like my salmon prepared because she sometimes gets requests for "we'll done etc."When the food came out she said that she would come back to make sure that the salmon had been prepared to my liking. Indeed it was!Boy am I glad that I signed up for the rewards program a month prior while dining here with a group of friends.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/19/2013,38,86,3,5,4>Most of the time, when we want breakfast for lunch or dinner, we go to IHOP...until now.  Pops Diner won the 2009 "best kept secret" Best of Hampton Roads award. It's not the best kept secret anymore, as we had to wait 25 minutes to be seated. It was well worth the wait. I ordered what I say is the best omelet I have ever had..IN LIFE! It was a simple ham, onion and cheese omelet.  I made no sense how good that omelet was.  I'm actually updating this about a month later, and I'M STILL THINKING ABOUT THAT OMELET!  It was amazing.  The service was...amazing!  Even the price (where a kid eats free with a $7.99 adult purchase) was AMAZING!  I can't find any other words to describe it.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,10/18/2013,202,207,1,7,6>This place has got to be the TOP bistro in the Hampton Roads area! AMAZING service and the attention to detail of the wait staff is OUT OF THIS WORLD!   Found this place randomly searching for good quality places to eat. EAT is two steps ahead of "Pacifica" on the adjacent corner as well as a few other area bistro's and one step above all other local restaurants. Upon walking in I was greeted by not only the hostess; but the ambiance of the place had a very welcoming feel. I ended up sitting up at the bar and somehow ended up in a conversation with one of more well known locals that frequent this place. If I remember right the bartender was (Robert). It was comical in that after ordering my beer "Dogfish Head Midas Touch" Rob threw my bottle away and I yelled at him explaining I save the labels to make "beer label collages." He asked if I wanted it back, to which I said, it's ok. Needless to say he came out with a label he pulled off another bottle and I thought that was truly AWESOME. Just the act of caring and concern for their customers blew me away. I ended up ordering the #1 Blue Fin Tuna, which tasted amazing, just the right amount of food to fill you up and not to overly filling. (I still wish they had the vegetarian lasagna on the menu that all the other Yelp reviews talked about.) For dessert I decided to try the vanilla bread pudding which was also extremely good.**Overall this is defiantly not the place you want to pass up if you're visiting from out-of-town or just a frequent local. Yes it is a little on the pricey side about $40+ for a meal but for the great quality and amazing service I see no reason to not eat here again. Quite possibly the most PERFECT setting for a date, however not really the kind of place for children. Try having a conversation with your friends, if they ask where you went to eat, say EAT and laugh when they repeat themselves and say yeah eat; waiting for you to reply with the restaurant name. Cheers!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,10/17/2013,74,230,2,3,4>Libraries get five stars from me, always........because I'm a nerd.  Therefore, I like books.  But, this one also gets a five star review because it is a very nice new addition to the VA Beach Library system.  It also happens to be on the TCC campus in VA Beach and is affiliated with the college. My youngest son and I wandered here the other day and checked it out and I came away very impressed.  Though it's not quite as big as the main branch central library, it's plenty big with lots of private meeting/study rooms, computers, and a very nice kids section.  There is also a coffee shop right off the main entrance for a snack and caffeine if there studying or just getting your books.  On the day we went, it wasn't too crowded as it was still fairly new.  I imagine it will start picking up once everyone realizes it's open and you can use your VA Beach Library account.  See you there.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/16/2013,38,84,2,6,2>This place started out as a sandwich shop years ago. People lined up to order from them, so they opened stores at  different area of the Hampton Roads areas, just to satisfy their clientele. As time went on, they dabbled in other areas, salads, pizzas, appetizer and entrees, yet they never dropped their original roots. Every so often we come here to dine, but tonight it was just the kid and I.We were out running errands, and when I saw this place my mouth started to water. So we dropped in. Once we were seated and handed our menus, I realized the new menu has half portions on their salads and sandwiches. Hurrah! I can now order what I want without having to share with the kid!! They also had other choices than their standard house made chips. I ordered the potato salad and the kid had the pasta salad along with our sandwiches.  Our waiter was awesome! I asked about the half portions, he stated that it was a hit with the lunch crowd. When I made my decision, I noticed for an extra charge they had pasta salad, potato salad, French fries and sweet potato fries instead of their normal house chips. I asked our waiter what he liked better between the pasta and potato salad? He told me the pasta was his favorite, but he recommended us to order both. That way we could share. Awesome idea! For myself I ordered the Tuscan sandwich, it comes on a toasted baguette, our waiter suggested the jalapeños cheddar bread, it was easier on the teeth and his favorite. The bread was awesome! Slices of jalapeños, seeds and all, the Tuscan sandwich with the spicy bread hit every taste bud in my mouth! As we walled out of the restaurant, mentally my mouth  was singing  praises!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/15/2013,214,93,1,5,4>You know it's going to be a good experience when you begin service with hot towels!  Impressive for a strip mall.The food, cocktails and service were all excellent.  I can say with confidence that I highly recommend this joint - and this is coming from someone who just lived in Hawaii for the past few years and KNOWS what quality sushi is all about.The hot sake and plum wine was awesome and I'm glad they had it on the menu - I usually order it cold and mix them myself at the table bc most places have never heard of that combination. Top notch!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,10/14/2013,18,133,1,5,5>For an 'authentic' mexican restaurant in Norfolk, Jessy's is prettayy, prettay, pretty good. I'd stick with 3.5 stars, but I really appreciated the service so my impression was boosted up a bit.The good: This is a perfect 'by-the-beach' mexican restaurant in Ocean View. Coming from California I have had a lot of mexican food, but this place holds it's own. You'll quickly notice that not all all of the menu is 'authentic' (re: mexican submarine sandwiches?), but does that mean the food isn't really good? Not at all. Chips and salsa cost extra ($2--see 'the bad') but they are free refills! The salsa is 'home made' and was pretty good! They give you plenty so you probably wont even want refills unless you have a few people sharing, but I like the option! We also got a tostada, which was piled high with toppings--even if there was maybe a little too much sour cream. Everything we got tasted fresh and the chips were clearly freshly re-fried (in a good way). A big plus about this place is that the service was awesome from start to finish. Every employee (all women it seemed like?) was incredibly nice and helpful and our water glasses were never empty! The not so good: Like other reviewers said, everything here is itemized: chips, sides, etc. Sometimes they make that clear and sometimes they don't. I don't really like being tricked so I think they could be a little more forthcoming. The prices here are also clearly slightly too high. I know it's rough times and everything, but the fact is that they are in an outdated stripmall in a not so busy area of town, so why should it be anything but cheap? I think we ended up paying $25 after tip for 3 tacos, a tostada, beans/rice, and chips. If it were gourmet, fine, but this is more of a bare-bones (albeit a good one) situation so I think they could afford to cut down the prices a few bucks.Overall: This was exactly what we were looking for here in Norfolk and I think I'll go back next time I'm in that area of town. The reviews were mostly correct but the itemization of everything and the prices got a little out of hand. The service here definitely puts it over the edge of one of the better places in the area!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/13/2013,91,52,2,5,3>CALLING ALL BEER LOVERS!!! This place has beers out the wazoo. And they don't have just any beer, they have craft beers from around the world, both on draft and in bottles. If you're looking to just try a bunch of beers, they offer half-pours as well as full-pours. If you're looking to bring beer home, they'll fill up a growler for you too! I love coming to this place at night and sitting at their tables outside. The waitstaff loves beer as much as their customers do, so they're able to give really solid recommendations if you don't even know where to start. Sometimes the amount of beer they have can be overwhelming, so don't be afraid to ask a question or two! If you're a cheese eater (not me), they have cheese boards here too. If you don't eat cheese, but are interested like me, they have a great beer-to-cheese pairing chart on their menu as well. I always find myself exploring something new when I come here and I don't mind that at all. Overall, come here to enjoy a drink or two, and maybe grab some cheese.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,10/12/2013,63,152,,3,5>Always a great time hanging with the Yelp crew. The new $4 bar menu was pretty good though my favorite was the Margarita flatbread. I seriously could have eaten that all night. Also the apple Martini looked delicious, though I didn't have any. Hung out with my girls and even met some lovely new people.  All in all a great night at Outback. Thanks Xerxes!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,10/11/2013,196,641,2,5,4>I really enjoyed my trip to MW. I wasn't expecting to be blown away from reading the yelp reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. It was a weeknight around 7, so not really busy. We sad on the couches outside- not the tables. I think it possibly is more a waiting area but it was relaxed and comfortable and way better than metal chairs and tables. I think MW is great for hanging out and tasting. Their menu is decent- I'm not a sandwich lover so I opted for a few appetizers. The food wasn't life changing or anything but it was certainly better than many places in the Hampton Roads area. Granted- compared to other Ghent joints- not so much but outside of Ghent I haven't really been impressed with the quality of dining. Sorry.......Bottom line- I will happily go back and will bring friends.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,10/10/2013,38,231,,9,8>First experience at No Forks left me wanting to return and eat my way through the menu.  The grilled ribeye steak used in the Jojo cheesesteak had excellent flavor which was embellished by Cajun seasoning from the inclusive French fries.  Service was friendly & efficient.  The server and cook took time to chat with me and discuss the restaurant and items on the menu.  The dining room was very clean and still felt new (restaurant is only 14 months old).Thumbs up:  taste, portion, service, price, cleanlinessCool tip:  check the white board over the grill for new items changed weekly.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,10/9/2013,17,153,4,5,4>As the kid said while we were enjoying our breakfast, "I like Diner People better than Restaurant People."We were directed here by Yelp this morning while hanging out at the Oceanfront.  Great ratings and a heckuva Yelp Deal (pay $10 for $20 worth!)  From the moment I saw the sign, I knew this was going to be my kind of place.  Small, but not cramped diner with good coffee and friendly people.  The kid went for the Sausage Gravy over Biscuits (she let me taste, they were some of the best I've had)  The biscuits were soft, easy to cut, and the gravy was delicious.  I opted for the Belvedere Omelet.  I try to get the namesake item on a menu when there is one.  The Belvedere Omelet has all the toppings of their standard omelet offerings (Ham, cheese, onion, bacon, yada, plus "Belvedere Sauce", a cucumber-parmesan sauce that added a really unique (and tasty) twist.  The place isn't fancy.  It's good food, decent pricing (fantastic pricing with the Yelp Deal!), great view, and even better service.All this plus the fun of watching tourists take pictures of their kids in front of the sandcastle outside (why they took all the pictures with the alley and street in the background, as opposed to moving to the other side and having - I don't know - the BEACH in the background I'll never understand)
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,10/8/2013,263,519,1,9,8>Excellent dinner here last night. Arrived around 7pm and the place was about half full. I had the enchilada dinner with one beef and one chicken which also come with a server of black beans and rice. Service was ok. Our waiter was on the ball in the beginning but a bit delinquent at the end as we had to chase him down to get the check.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/7/2013,14,98,4,3,5>In addition to what Kristi said in her review (which I agree with her): I am so glad this event was posted. I am glad I attended. It was one of the best outings I have ever had. I've never seen a roller derby event before and this was a nice way to try something new. I loved the facility, great customer service and the rink was very spacious. Our team - Seven Cities Sirens, won against the Pennsylvania Blackrose. The score was like 256 to 124 (something like that). We were fantastic!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/6/2013,77,149,1,6,5>After leaving an event in Downtown Norfolk, I wanted sushi and I wanted to try some place new.  After searching Yelp, I noticed this place had great reviews, so we decided to give it a try and now I understand why.  The restaurant is located where Luna Maya used to be.  It was strange to walk in there and see the place with lights on (Luna Maya had night lights, if that!).  We sat at the sushi bar, and we could immediately tell that the Sushi chef (Yama) was very popular with the locals and so friendly.  We ordered Yakisoba and Gyoza to start.  It was my first time having Yakisoba and I really liked it and plan of ordering it there again.  We finished with a couple of rolls that took a while to get to us, but the restaurant was a little full and Yama said "I am an old man...it takes me a long time" in a joking manner, I think it was adorable.As we were getting ready to leave, he made a special roll for us to take home and said "eat this tonight"...we said "it is late and we are so full"...he responded "it is only 9:30, the night is still early"...we walked out of there with full bellies and a smile on our faces!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,10/5/2013,62,168,3,7,3>Decided to hit up Braise for 'Try Something New Saturday'!  I'm not sure if it's me, or just local restaurants lately, but I swear I will give the next restaurant that I go to 5 Stars if they can nail the bread!  I don't need much, you either need stupid tasty bread or stupid tasty dipping sauce.  Saddly, Braise, well, for starters, didn't offer me bread, I had to ask for it after my appetizer was done, but secondly, the bread was just a let down.  3 varieties, a dinner roll, some foccia, and something else.  It was warm, but not particularly memorable, served with some butter.  Again, I know the bread is free, but if you're going to give me something at a $60 meal, then make it memorable (heck, even Carraba's has the bread course nailed).  Okay, so let's talk appetizer.  I had the scallops with apple butter and they were stellar.  Cooked to perfect, with some micro greens and a shard of bacon each.  Delightful.For my main course, I'm a firm believer that if a restaurant has a food item in its name, then you should try that food item.  The food item I ordered was so good it was on the menu twice (it was a typo, but made me smile).  I went with the braised lamb shank with blue cheese polenta.  Holy smokes, it was heavenly.  The meat was cooked to perfection (although oddly I wasn't asked how I wanted it prepared) I only needed my fork to devour it.  The blue cheese polenta was a very pleasant surprise.  On top of that the plating was beautiful, cast iron plate hot to the touch on a wooden board.  For dessert I had a chocolate flourless cake (Officially called Amaretto Sin Pie) with fresh fruit.  It was well done, looked nice, tasted great.  Additionally I ordered a cappuccino which was served at the perfect temperature (I like mine hot enough that I can drink it right away and not burn my face off).Service at the bar (what can I say, I eat alone :)) was spotty.  While my drink was only empty once, they left me watching "Can you cure back pain" for 15 minutes on the center TV before changing it over to sports.  Additionally, I had to wait 10 minutes before they took my order, 10 minutes before they cleared my plate, etc... As there were three bartender and only 10 patrons, I typically expect a higher level of service.The noise level was perfect, the bar was separate from the general dining area.  I rarely drink, but they had a full bar and a fancy looking wine storage room.  They also had some unique beer on tap, including local Smartmouth.  Overall, I think Braise just needs to work out the kinks in service and perhaps a better bread course.  I look forward to coming back!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,10/4/2013,63,174,,10,5>For those of us who frequent the local Italian scene at Hilltop and along Laskin Road, La Dolce Vita is owned and operated by the daughter and son-in-law of the family that has run the outstanding La Bella Italia for many years.  Both spots are comfortable, unpretentious places, with kitchens that strive for authentic, fresh, primarily Italian offerings,  not haute cuisine.  La Dolce Vita has only been in operation for less than two months, and is currently presenting itself as a bakery and wine bar cafe.  The fare seems understandably to still be in a state of flux, however --- during our visit around lunchtime on a Saturday, in addition to the most yummy lobster tail I've had since our last trip to NYC, and two freshly baked cupcakes that were moist and not too sweet, we enjoyed a wonderful Mediterranean sandwich with red peppers, arugula, smooth and creamy goat cheese, fresh basil and olive oil, and served on freshly baked multigrain bread with the best crust I've had in a long time.  A small side of pasta primavera, served with a lightly seasoned olive oil, completed the much too large a feast; we took half of our sandwich home, for a snack later on. While there is wine displayed throughout the store, and presumably it's served later in the day or evening, the cafe's vibe, at least during the lunch hour, is really more of a comfortable European cafe/pâtisserie, not a wine bar in the sense that Americans have come to know the term.  In better weather, you might mistake your sitting at the tables on the outside veranda as a pleasant stop on the Via Vittorio Veneto.  And you might think your rich cannoli or creamy lobster tail had just come from the case at Ferrara's in Little Italy.  It's that kind of place --- authentic light foods and pastries, freshly prepared with subtle flavors by very talented and pleasant folks with a long history in the restaurant business.  A very welcome addition to our part of Va Beach --- we're glad you're here, and we'll be back!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,10/3/2013,27,62,4,2,5>I get the hype. Sometimes, I don't get it. And at first, I was skeptical ("They're only open 4 hours a day? What, too 'cool' to want to succeed?", and "oh, they don't 'do' comfortable seating and normal-decible, inviting atmospheres? What, they consider it 'selling out'?)  But this, I get. The hype is well deserved.Case in point: The Hella Fitzgerald - fried chicken, whole grain mustard, house-made pickle, slathered in honey, on a sweet potato biscuit.  Who does that? Handsome Biscuit does it, and they doin' it and doin' it and doin' it well.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,10/2/2013,99,254,,5,4>From a music lover's perspective, this festival is fantastic. I loved the selected artists - so many good choices. I loved that it was set up across three different stages, and that the acts were staggered so you could meander back and forth with little to no break between music. What I found interesting was that each of the three stages had its own distinct feel, yet each of them were very inviting and comfortable in their own way. The smallest area had some shade, comfy couches, and hammocks, in addition to a gorgeous water view. The largest stage offered a big, open, grassy field with plenty of room to dance or lay in the sun - with another gorgeous water view to the right. The medium sized stage offered shade and lots of seating. I really appreciated and enjoyed the fact that we could rotate between the three stages to consistently hear live music - it almost felt like three tiny festivals. From an art lover's perspective, I wasn't so impressed. I think the festival could greatly benefit from more artists - both in quantity and in quality. I noticed that at least 1/3 of  the artist booths were more like mobile thrift stores selling second-hand clothes and other miscellaneous items. I can go to a thrift store on my own time. I was hoping to see local art, but at this point, I would've been happy with just actual art. The glass blowers and the make-your-own-art-from-scraps booth were the highlights of the art portion for me.As festival grows, I hope to see more food trucks in attendance. The festival could benefit from more food in general - though for today's somewhat meager attendance, the amount of food trucks worked out just right. Overall, though, I had a fantastic time and will definitely return to next year's festival.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,10/1/2013,183,190,,8,3>In all honesty, I love coming here.  This place has dependably good Chesapeake Bay seafood all around that is as fresh as fresh can be.  When you come in, you enter through their seafood market.  So, feel free to stop in and get them to filet some fish for you take home or get your little seafood extravaganza with a wide selection of shrimp, crablegs, scallops, and many options for fish.  They can also set you up for your own fishing trip with your buddies.  Now, on to the restaurant.  So, there are 2 separate areas I enjoy here.  First, the indoor bar--I come here for good drinks, great bartenders that always take care of me with a generous pour, and hot dog!--they have some awesome happy hour specials, not just on drinks, but on the food too.  Come here Sunday through Thursday from 4-7PM and you will get a great hook up with a tasty cheap dinner.  Keep in mind, Happy Hour is only valid at the bar and the bar tables, which includes this 20-top in front of the bar--this is definitely not reserved for just one party, just sit down and chat it up with some randoms and enjoy the bevs.  So, the best part of Dockside really is the outside.  I love to walk out on the patio and have a seat and enjoy all the boats coming by.  I will start out with a pomegranate mojito or sangria and just sip on it for a bit before I order, watching the sunset.  Some evenings, they also have some chill music to wind you down and get your hips moving a little.  For apps, they have lots of goodies.  Some of the best include clams casino, stuffed shrimp, fried shrimp and anything off the raw bar--oysters, clams, some of the best steamed shrimp.  For you blue crab lovers, they have you covered so you can come and have your own blue crab fest and the best part is you don't have to clean up afterwards.  For me, I am a softshell lover--the entire softshell season, I come here and just get repeated orders of softshells.  Not everybody knows how to do softshells, but Dockside softshells are among the best in the area.  They also offer like 10 or so different fish for catch of the day--fried, grilled, broiled, blackened or topped with crabmeat.    They also have sandwiches, crabcakes, seafood baskets, pastas, she-crab soup--you will love it.  The crowd is a little older than Chick's generally, but who cares...the food is much better.  Cheers!FYI: for whatever reason, their address is listed as being on Shore Dr.  This may be their technical addess, but they are really at the 2200 block of Vista Circle.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,9/30/2013,24,184,2,7,2>Another place where I have driven by it almost every day and just never stopped!I finally stopped by and OMG, I wish I had gone there sooner!First they have about 9 Beers on Draft, including PBR which is $1.25 all the time. Other drafts include Guiness, Blue Moon, Angry Orchard, Sam's Seasonal, Yuengling, a local brew I don't remember the name of, some kind of IPA, and Bud Light.Their burger menu is AWESOME. They have some really good combos for the burger, and you can choose your size patty. For the large size, on the basic burger, it is only $6.24. I don't see how they are making any money!They hand make all of the patties, and they even hand cut their fries. I am not really a fry person, just because most places use the exact same frozen fries from Sysco. I love that they hand cut and hand season all of their fries. The burger was amazingly well seasoned, presented on a great bun that did not fall apart, and served HOT. They have specials every day on food and drinks. Monday is 49 cent wings, Tuesday is bogo on appetizers, etc. Even specials on Fri Sat and Sun. They have 3 pay per game, not by the hour, pool tables, and quite a few tvs around the room. I did not ask if they get any of the sports packages, or PPVs.They do Karaoke on Fridays, and Saturdays they have bands. Everyday from 4pm to 7pm is Happy Hour, which is MORE specials. This place would be great for a group, they have two counter like rails near the pool tables that would seat 10-12. They are in perfect position to see the tvs, and use the pool tables.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,9/29/2013,129,84,,3,1>Colombian cuisine served with pride at this family restaurant. Went here for dinner with my wife and son at the recommendation of my spanish language professor ;) Authentic seasonings and cooking styles brought me back to my days in latin america. Ill be back and also recommend this place to anyone who enjoys latino cuisine in general and wants a break from the usual Mexicano fare. They also have a fresh tropical juice bar which was a hit with us!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,9/28/2013,83,478,1,2,2>This little gem is located in the Cypress Point Shopping Center and is across a small strip mall area from my new favorite antique haunt, Cypress Point Antique Mall.  So after looking in there, I wandered over to this unexpected find (it wasn't in Yelp so I had no idea it was here) to look around. I found a lot of very nice vintage items, the lady working behind the counter was exceedingly friendly and kind (in an older, "how can I help you sweetheart?", "let me know if you need me honey." Southern granny kind of way). I was specifically looking for a plateau mirror and found two in the glass jewelry display cases throughout the store but was told they aren't generally for sale.  The lady working did call the owner to ask if she would sell them and at first she said no but she did later say she had a few if I liked those that she might be willing to bring in for me to see that she would sell.  I left my name and number and got a call back yesterday that there are a few pieces for me to go look at and see if I want to purchase one.  The store isn't huge, but it does have several rooms full of vintage goodies all in good shape just waiting to be loved and purchased by someone.  There is plenty of parking in the shopping mall parking lot and there weren't a ton of people milling around or a lot of through traffic so it was a very pleasant experience and I always appreciate a call back. I'll make this one of my go-to Antique stores when I'm looking for something in particular and in this area.  It's worth a look if you like antiquing!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,9/27/2013,129,351,,9,3>More than it looks. - It doesn't look like much from the outside except a typical store in the middle of a strip mall that's kinda hidden away from the street. The inside isn't much better. It's not like it's ugly, dirty or anything like that just small and plain. The restaurant is long and narrow with only about 10 tables, each one comfortably seating 2 customers per table but a couple tables could be arranged to seat 4 (2 side-by-side and 1 on each end). Service: Only two people were working at this mom and the pop restaurant when we arrived so even with only a 1/3 of the place full and the call in "to go" orders had us waiting for quite a long time before anyone came by to take our order. When someone did it turned out to be a very nice female (I think one of the owners) who waited on us. Although we had a long wait it wasn't too bad because she was rather funny and made everyone feel like we were visiting a close friends home and talking with his mother as she was preparing dinner.Drink menu was limited to non-alcoholic but not a big deal for our family. Our daughter ordered the Thai Tea. She loved it but it was a bit to sweet for me. Meals: I order the Pad Si Ew, which was kinda like a Pad Thai with wide noodles, no bean sprouts but tastes better...at least to me! My  wife ordered the Pad Thai and it was dang good too, tops compared to any other Thai place we've eaten at in Hampton Roads. Still the Pad Si Ew was better : ) Our daughter had Thai Noodle Soup and it was equally awesome! Desert: Sweet Rice with Jackfruit, which is sticky rice with coconut milk, sugar, jackfruit topped with peanuts. Turns out I was the only one that liked it but I think it was because my wife and daughter don't care for rice as a desert.  Cleanliness: tables were clean but had a slight stickiness to them I think had more to do with the finish than any residual food or drink. The male bathroom was clean but also doubled as a cleaning closest with a mop bucket, mop, deep industrial sink with garden hose and jugs of cleaning fluids...but it was clean.   I also watched another employee show up that looked like family (turned out he wasn't) come in the restaurant to start work. He washed his hands immediately as he walked so throughly it seemed as if he was a scrubbing in for surgery. Overall: OK I know the wait, size, look of the place and the bathroom / cleaning closet should give this place a 3 Star rating BUT the food was awesome! It's hands down the best Thai for Chesapeake and arguably the best this side of the river. Also the staff was very nice. I can't help it 4 Stars...and I'll be back!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,9/26/2013,59,90,2,9,4>Well.... I have to agree with everyone that has been here! I tried some of this places food at the yelp event a week ago. So I had to make it a point to come here. The spicy beef was on point with the mixed rice. I asked for extra sauce. Bc I like lots of sowwss! The spinach was really good. Considering I don't even like spinach. The chicken dish was really good. Of course most would be steered away from this place bc they don't really know or are scared of any bangladeshi food. But if u like curry or cumin. I would suggest going here. Have an open mind. I didn't get to try the homemade flatbread. But I will next time! This place is great with reasonably prices items.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,9/25/2013,121,268,,6,2>In all honesty....this theater is 5 star quality (especially the food)!!! BUT, the actual screening rooms are very small and the screen is small as well. That is the ONLY reason I did not give it a 5!!!! I'm sure it's to make it easier on their servers....but I have to get to the movie about an hour before it starts just to make sure I am not stuck in the front row. The seats are nice, the service is great, and the food is outstanding! My favorites are the bar-b-que chicken pizza and the nachos with bar-b-que chicken. Sooooo yummy! Great way to enjoy a movie!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/24/2013,72,218,,3,3>I wish you could do half stars - I would give 3.5 - I am giving four but need more visits to seal the deal. We have gone a few times, and living in Ocean View for over 7 years, I'm not sure how we missed this place before.  Quaint place with outside seating, it's in the middle of OV.  The food has been good - I had a pasta dish I wasn't very impressed with so I'm going to try again - the burger I had though was great...and yes, you can jack up a burger so I was impressed.  My mom ordered crab cakes for a lunch there and I was able to try it - had a different taste to me but Mom raved about them so the rave she gave trumps everything.  We love that it's local to our home and that the service is great.  You can tell locals own it because I think they also run it and they are very aware of everyone there, on top of drinks, service, etc - great bunch of people.  The kind of place I'd love for my (teen) daughter to work in as we love to support local dives.Try it! I could also see shutting the place down for a party.  If our birthday party plans fall through, this will be my next stop.  (We've already scheduled a party someplace else but I could easily see one being held here....it's small enough that a big enough family with friends could take it over and party all night).  Hopefully they add some live music if they haven't already.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,9/23/2013,50,105,,2,3>Finally made it to this yummy eatery - its been on my to-do list since the UYE, but life happens... Anyway, thanks to my hubs, and two buddies for finally getting me here!Driving by you'll notice the little parking lot and cute porch, but as Xerxes points out, the interior is cavernous.  As it was a gorgeous summer night in Norfolk, we opted to sit outside and it was super uber awesome.  Chalkboards are my current obsession so their menu presentation had me swooning.Have to add our props to the many already given for their beer selection and pricing.   Our food was really good, especially the goat cheese appetizer and my mac-n-cheese,  and admittedly I was coveting our buddy/s red beans and rice.  My hubs ordered the pork belly and it had a little more fat than he or I would prefer, but that may just be our palates.  The final eater in our foursome had rockfish, which looked awesome and is also the startling line-up for my next visit.  Although our appetites were sated, we were convinced (if you read my reviews, you know that I really didn't need convincing...) to opt in on dessert, which rocked our socks off - key lime pie, pecan pie, and a whiskey walnut pie.I'm holding a star because our service was a little slow - it was a Wednesday night and they weren't crowded, but I've got big hopes for future adventures in eating.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,9/22/2013,34,86,3,2,3>Artisan lunch fare + Gourmet food shop = Taste Unlimited. My husband quickly learned that it was best to order take away from this place, and go pick it up himself, because if he lets me stand there and look at all the delicious gourmet snack options, it will be a very expensive lunch. I love the Ghent and the Freemason sandwiches. While their sandwich creations are not necessarily unique or creative, since most of the combinations are things that I could have and have probably thought about putting together (roasted red peppers and mozzarella? No brainer!), the allure of Taste is the quality of their ingredients. Everything is well-crafted with the right balance of flavors and ingredients, making this far superior to most other lunch locales.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2013,9/21/2013,21,28,2,5,2>I'm still fairly new to threading, but I no longer have the option to have my eyebrows waxed.  My first time here I was pretty nervous, so I made sure to discuss how it  works and what I wanted with the lady who was going to tear out my brow hairs.  She gestured to the pictures of different eye and eyebrows shapes on the wall and told me how she thought mine should be shaped based on my eye shape. Next she explained that I had to hold my eyelid shut with one hand and pull the eyebrow  up with the other hand.  It wasn't terrible, but not as quick and easy as waxing.Since this experience, I have been back probably four times and my brows are always decent.  Some of the women are more skilled than others and I'm still figuring out who I will frequent.  A few things to keep in mind: -always explain what you want (thick brows what kind of arch.. or whatever)-there is a bit of a language barrier with some of the women-it will likely make your eyes water-they will try to sell their membership and products, but if you intend on becoming a regular it is totally worth itAll in all I think Savarna is just fine.  My brows are shaped nicely and never too thin, which was always a problem for me when getting them waxed.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,9/20/2013,12,90,,6,4>My husband and I were in Norfolk to pick up coffee beans when we saw Welton's. Immediately, noticed there wasn't a huge selection, and we like that. Fish comes in daily and it sells. My husband was in the mood for salmon. I was impressed because we weren't just handed a piece of fish and sent on our way.. Skin or no skin? Would you like it portioned? Most importantly, he weighed the piece after he cut off the skin. No one has ever done this for us before and it was an extremely pleasant surprise. Great service and a superior piece of salmon. Thanks for running an awesome business, Welton's is our go to for seafood.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,9/19/2013,155,241,,4,6>The first time I ever got to sample Mannino's was at their Portsmouth location for a Yelp Elite event. And I can still remember how amazing all the food was.I'd been meaning to come back with my husband since he's the bigger Italian food eater in our family. We decided on the Pleasure House Rd location since it's closer.We got the fried oysters as a starter. I thought they were good but realized in the first bite that I really would prefer a cool and refreshing raw oyster to a cooked one. The flavors were good though I didn't really care for the rich cheese sauce on the bottom. The dish needed a little acid. I think a lemon wedge or two would have been a nice accompaniment.I got the Pollo Franchese and it was so good. Great lemony savory flavor. I opted for the mushrooms and artichokes though I would have liked a few more than 2 halves of an artichoke heart. Still, the flavor was spectacular and the portions were huge.My husband went for the Spaghetti Bolognese with meatballs. Now I love a good Bolognese sauce with it's deep flavors cooked for hours but I don't much care for meatballs. That is until I had Mannino's meatballs. There's something about the flavor and texture that just sits so well on the palate. Hands down the best meatball I've ever had. And those things are as big as your head! (may or may not be a slight exaggeration)Of course we got desert. Ok .. we got 2. The classic cannoli stuffed with a vanilla chocolate chip ricotta mixture and a chocolate hazelnut gelato. The gelato was glorious and crunchy with bits of hazelnut. The cannoli was good, too. David, our server was very attentive and helpful in regards to our food selections. He did a fantastic job. It kind of ruins my husbands experience if he has to wait an extensive amount of time for his water/tea to be refilled but we didn't have that problem at all here.All in all this was a great food experience.My only sad note is that they don't allow dogs in their outdoor patio. I understand that some restaurants choose not to because of "health inspectors" but whenever I see an open patio I can't help but wish all of them allowed dogs.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,9/18/2013,73,159,,15,6>I'm actually pretty annoyed with the reviewers who tell you to go to DC instead. I was just there this past weekend, and it was one of the most boring zoos I've ever been to.The VA Zoo is one of the more personable and well-maintained zoos I've been to. I can almost always find a zookeeper or volunteer to tell me more about an animal, and we've become familiar with names, ages, genders, and the usual hangouts in their exhibits (the animals, not the zookeepers!). The barnyard area is currently closed for renovation, as is an area (no animals there normally anyways) near the African Village Restaurant. Construction of a new Animal Wellness Campus is underway. The zoo has had a successful year with its breeding programs. A new baby siamang, giraffe, squirrel monkey, cassowary, and three Aldabra tortoises have joined their parents at the zoo, as well as several new hyraxes and prairie dog pups. This is in addition to the new pair of tigers now at the zoo.On to addressing the orangutans. They made a beautiful new outdoor exhibit for them to climb and explore, but yes, they do spend much of their time indoors still. Find a zookeeper and ask about Schnitz's story. It's heartbreaking. Pepper, the female orangutan, won't stay outside for long without his company.This zoo has an excellent flow to it, and can be walked through in about 2 hours. The membership is worth the price if you have young'uns, and tokens for the zoo train are reasonably priced as well.There are vending machines for soda and water placed throughout the zoo, and several stands for popcorn, cotton candy, and ice cream on the weekends. The Beastro snack bar near the Reptiles/Small Mammals has ice cream cones, hot dogs, and other things to eat. Outdoor seating only over there. African Village Restaurant has indoor (A/C & heat) and outdoor seating, and offers french fries, pizza, cheeseburgers, Boca vegan burgers, salads, pretzels, and other goodies. Prices are comparable to any diner out in town.The fountains in the Compass Rose Plaza as you enter are generally on from Memorial Day through Labor Day, so make sure you pack some towels.Support this zoo so they can continue their expansion and conservation efforts!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/17/2013,255,146,,4,4>I like Rita's. Do you like sugary goodness? Then here is your spot. It is a great change of pace for the warmer months of the year. If you sign up for their text message service, you will receive messages when your favorite flavor is the special of the day. Take it a step further and download the app and you can punch a ticket that leads to discounted Rita items.It's a great place to bring the kids and sit in the parking lot on a nice weather day just before dusk. This location is especially cool because you can take your treats down to Chix beach which is only minutes away. Just as cool as the chairs in the parking lot can be Ina nice weather day, they can be horrible on ridiculous hot days (especially if you're like me and you sweat at the thought if movement during the summer days).In all seriousness, get the kids and the wife, grab a Rita's treat and take them to the beach. Let the kids run off the sugar while you and wife walk on the beach during sunset.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,9/16/2013,36,227,,7,4>Great little gourmet sandwich shop and market that completely captures the spirit of Coastal Virginia.  Small menu with sandwich and salad items to order and enjoy inside or out on the patio.  Tried several items - all very good.  Sandwiches were filled with fresh vegetables and stacked meat and cheese.  You have option for hot or cold, and I definitely recommend the former.  The warmed bread is just too valuable.  Finished with some Earl Grey and a salted caramel cream puff, whoa!  Dangerous.  Despite living several miles away from this place, it will be a regular stop from now on.  A small gem in coastal Norfolk, highly recommend.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/15/2013,40,107,1,12,5>This place has a really neat concept. You pick any 4 fruits/veg/herb you want (after 4, each additional fruit is $.60), and they blend it up for you. 16oz is 4.99, 20oz is 5.99. I prefer this place to Tropical Smoothie cafe, where they dump a ladle full of sugar into your drink without asking.Pros:No artificial ingredients, just 100% of whatever fruits you want! They also have health supplements I hope one day to learn more about, like Maca, Bee Pollen, etc, so that's great if you're into thatCons:All high powered commercial grade blenders (this place uses Blendtec brand, if you're a kitchen appliance nerd like me) infuse a bit of heat, which is why most smoothie places add ice, and sugar (to add flavor when the blended ice melts). These smoothies are 100% whole food smoothies with no added ice, so they might be a little warm when you get them.My favorite blend is Pineapple / Mango / Avocado / Spinach - the fruit adds a bit of sweetness, the avocado makes it all nice & creamy (without extra flavor), and the spinach has tons of Vitamin A.However, the menu can be REALLY OVERWHELMING if you're used to buying by smoothie name instead of ingredient.Tips:- If you want a creamy smoothie, add items like banana, avocado, cashews, almonds, coconut, almond milk- If you're new to green smoothies, start off with Spinach (mild, easy to mask flavor). Kale is great, but if you don't like veggies (why come here??), blend them with sweet citrus fruits, like pineapples / oranges. You won't be able to taste the kale at all.- Need a good sub for coffee? Get a smoothie with apple, ginger, jalapeno, & pineapple. Sure, there's no caffeine, but nothing'll wake you up quite like having your mouth burn up.I'll definitely be coming here until I bite the bullet & buy my own $600 high powered blender.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,9/14/2013,12,78,,5,2>Love this place! I go here often for an early dinner. They're one of the few places around with banh mi and even though it's not the same as back home, they're pretty tasty. Their pho is seasoned just right and the bowl is not just filled with soup. I have to admit though that the boba tea is why I come here sometimes. It's one of my favorite drinks and once again, this is one of the few places around that has it.The staff is very friendly and attentive. They have a nice flow of customers, but it's never overly packed and you're never ignored. The owner is pretty friendly and his kids/relatives work there, too. In my opinion, family ran restaurants are some of the best around.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/13/2013,144,389,3,5,4>I came as close to dying at going to food hebbin today, as I ever have in my entire life.  I swear. I hardly took a bite of anything, that did not make me sit back in my chair, and shake my head. Jodi and her staff were on their game today!We attended their 3rd Sunday brunch (which concurred with Father's Day this year) and, frankly, today made all of those endless days slugging through poorly prepared meals, at other places, worth the effort. Today's brunch was well attended, keeping the staff moving from place to place.Our foursome, tried everything, on the menu (with the exception of the catfish) and little, if anything, got anything but a enthusiastic thumbs up.  We sampled the items from today's menu, with relish..Sunday's Menu includes the following dishes...Scrambled Eggs ~ Crisp Bacon StripsFrench Toast MuffinsHash Brown CasseroleFresh Fruit with Fudge DipSouthern Biscuit BarSweet Potato Biscuits, Scones, Angel Biscuits served with local jellies, jams, honey, sausage gravyStrawberry Saladmixed greens, feta, candied walnuts,strawberries and strawberry vinaigrette Brown-sugar Bacon Wrapped ChickenMarinated Tenderloin with Wild Mushroom ReductionCountry-style Fried Catfish with Remoulade SauceSouthern-style Baby Back RibsGrilled Corn on the Cobb "dunked" in butterFresh String BeansGourmet Mac-n-CheeseI rolled my eyes way back into my head over several items; hash brown casserole, and the tenderloin with the reduction sauce. That, and several items off of the desert shelf.The food and service was excellent. The staff is attentive to any of your needs.You will not be disappointed. My only wish about Sweetwater is that our Yelp! Fearless Leader would schedule an event here.. (hint hint)...Not to self: Bring change for a 50.00 next time...Highly recommended.@Removeyourhat
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,9/12/2013,35,17,3,9,4>As rabid connoisseurs of Southeast Asian cuisine, we have been somewhat distraught over the recent closing of our favorite Vietnamese restaurant near home. When the craving struck, we were left with having to drive all the way to Ghent for what we always considered average at best Thai or Vietnamese options. Then hallelujah, praise the lord! Tonight we Yelped and found Sawasdee four miles from home. When we mapped the location, our expectations were somewhat tempered. I mean, a great Thai restaurant on Virginia Beach Boulevard's decrepit warehouse/retail stretch? But when we pulled up and beheld the well-kept, modern exterior and pots of herbs and chilies bursting with color out front, we began to smile.Inside, we were greeted by a friendly Thai waitress (I think she's the daughter of the owner and chef), a clean and sleek modern Asian décor, and gentle Thai music. The menu blew us away with a huge selection of traditional Thai and other Asian specialties: Five curry dishes (my partner LOVES him some curry, so he was thrilled), incredible seafood selections, four delicious-looking duck entrees, stir fry, and of course, the staple noodle dishes. We started out with the fresh roll and satay appetizers, which were both superb. At that point, we knew we had struck pay dirt and could not make up our minds about dinner. We wanted to try it all! I finally settled for a bowl of Tom Yum soup and the Yum Woon Sen salad, rationalizing that if they could make these two Thai standards with extra pizazz, I would be back to try everything else. My partner went for the "Thai hot" green curry (he's not happy until the paramedics are called.)The soup was earthy, spicy, and lemongrassy with not one but three large shrimp in it. The glass noodles in the salad were perfectly prepared, and the "special sauce" they dressed it with was a complex mix of rice wine vinegar, fish sauce, and some other ingredients I couldn't name but which worked incredibly well.Now, curry doesn't care for me, but I had to taste Andrew's. It was heavenly: smooth and creamy going down, and four-alarm heat on the back side. Just the way he likes it.Our meal was perfect in every way. The service was excellent and attentive. And the prices more than reasonable. Entrees range from $8 to $18. Try finding those prices in Ghent.Sawasdee has no ABC permits yet, but does offer a good, basic beer and wine selection, including Asian beers.Sawasdee has been open for less than a year, and it's obvious they are still trying to find a following. When we arrived at 6 PM, we were the only guests. But within the hour, another six or so tables came in, including two young Thai girls who sat next to us. That's always a good sign at an ethnic restaurant.Do yourself a favor if you enjoy Thai food. Run, do not walk, and check out Sawasdee for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,9/11/2013,97,37,3,2,3>I had a great time at the event!  This gave my wife and I an opportunity to visit a place that we hadn't been before and see some interesting animals. First and foremost, the new swag is great.  In New England, we don't often use 'coozies' and when we moved to Virginia we marveled at the locals who would bring their own to the bar.  We get it now.  It's pretty darn hot.  What I enjoy is that this gives me an opportunity to enjoy a cold beverage at a bar and subtly hint "I'M WATCHING YOU!"  I kid. I kid.The tanks at the aquarium were fun to watch, but what I really enjoyed was after I spent about 15 minutes trying to molest the rays, we ventured to the crocodiles and mammals section.  We bumped into a kind, older gentleman named Charles.  I'll probably do my own review for the aquarium based on his hospitality.  Knowing that there were only minutes left to enjoy the exhibits, he still stopped at every point of interest and rattled off facts about the creatures to give us the "real" experience of a tour.  His excitement fed half of mine.  Plus:  Sea horses.  I love 'em.Aside from the chocolate blueberries, I couldn't eat any of the other offerings, but my wife said the pork and beef hors d'oeuvres were surprisingly delicious.  So thank you Sodexo!It was nice to meet and network with new people.  All involved (staff and Yelpers) were a pleasure!Thank you again!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,9/10/2013,48,178,2,5,4>I'm ashamed of myself for never writing a review for here!Hands down best pizza in VB, awesome wings, steamed shrimp, and the bang bang shrimp is my favorite!My boyfriend & I frequent here at least once a week. Staff & managers are always accommodating & super friendly!!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,9/9/2013,122,43,4,2,5>In the words of JJ from the sitcom Good Times, "DYNAMIIITE!" Yeah, that's how I felt after attending Yelp's Electric Summer event. I wasn't sure what to expect as this was my first time at any Yelp event but I now know that Yelpians know how to par-tay! I had a tad bit of difficulty finding the right floor at first. And of course being a man I wasn't about to ask for directions - my testosterone wasn't having none of that. But as I wandered up each level I heard the sounds of some groovin' music and followed the beat. I arrived on location and checked in which was a breeze. Oh, yeah and I checked in on Yelp too! Lol! I gave a donation to the SCPA and then walked into the ballroom entrance...bumping into and finally meeting Xerxes in person who's a cool a**d dude! Chopped it up with X for a quick minute then proceeded into the ballroom...I was like, "WHOA!" as a blue human-like figure walked past me! At that moment I knew that I had found Eccentric Central and I was gonna feel right...at...home! Lol! Maaaan, they had an inflatable igloo contraption joint that was all cozy inside in the middle of the ballroom. I wanted to go in but it looked like only couples were occupying it. No biggie, I decided to pace the room to take in all the sights and sounds. They had a dance floor in the corner and the crowd was getting it in! The DJ was hyping everyone up and the air temperature was elevated. I had to break out the hanky to dab my brow for that fresh cool hand Luke appearance. I wanted to attack the dance floor with a reckless abandon unseen by most. See, my disco moves are stuff of legend...but then I remembered I wasn't at the Navy Ball...and I didn't really know anyone at Electric Summer. And I do want to be invited to another event sooo...I declined tearing up the dance floor. THIS time. Lol! I perused the tables of provided examples. I KNOW that vendors were probably thinking to themselves, "Daaaaaannnng! THIS dude is doing the most!" Umm, yeah...I think I hit 'em with that Biggie verse like, "Stop it...if you think you're gonna make a profit!" Lol!But for real though...I do plan to visit as many of the vendors that were at the event as possible. Each table was very friendly and accommodating. I'm all about supporting the small businesses. And today I visited Cilantro Bangladesh Bistro. Shot out to my dude Enver! That's a really cool dude right there y'all and I love what they have going on there. Review pending. Back to the Electric Summer...So, like, yeah...I sipped on my Corona and sampled food until I was full! I didn't want to run the risk of having to be rolled out of there...because that's not a good look. At least not yet. Maybe at my third event. Lol!Hand salutes and a "that's what's up" award goes out to Xerxes and his crew for putting together an outstanding event! Everyone looked like they were having a good time and that's kinda, sorta, something like a big deal to me. Typically, I avoid crowds and events because I'm allergic to drama. But like I said, the Yelp crowd knows how to party and have a good time without all the drama. And that's what's up!Now excuse me, if you will...but I have to get back online to see where I can order my custom fitted head-to-toe blue suede suit and pink feathered boa! *insert maniacal laughter here*
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2013,9/8/2013,88,68,3,3,2>Located off of Nimmo Parkway in Virginia Beach and right across from Lucky Oyster Restaurant is a nice Greek restaurant, Yanni's Casual Greek.  I went here recently for dinner with my girl and her mom and I must say the restaurant has a nice layout and an inviting atmosphere with wood being the dominant theme inside. When you first walk in the bar is directly to the right of you and is a pretty large area. I would say you could seat about 15 or so and grab a drink while you watch any one of the two TVs.  Throughout the restaurant there are large paintings of various Greek locations done with pastels which brightens up the area. A nice touch for the casual restaurant. There are plenty of booths within with separate dining areas and a spacious outdoor dining area as well.We ordered the Tzatziki with Pita Bread and the Fried Zucchini with Tzatziki for our appetizers. The Fried Zucchini was the star of the two appetizers. Large strips of zucchini coated with a crunchy batter, can't go wrong with that! They provide 7 slices for $7 but well worth it if you're looking for a light app.The menu offers very familiar Greek dishes even though some are hard to pronounce, they do have traditional dishes like Pastitsio, Mousaka, Spanikopita and Gyros with various meats. Yanni's also offers entrees featuring Greek Pork Chops, Paidakia Lamb Chops, and Brizola Steak as well.I ended up getting the Bifteki Burger Pita with a side of soup instead of french fries.  I got the Avgolemono Soup which is a Lemon Chicken Soup.  The soup was delicious with a pleasant taste of lemon, a touch of cream, and had shredded chicken and orzo pasta in it as well. The "Burger" pita is more of a meatball pita with 3 large size meatballs coated with tzatziki, and tomato wrapped in gyro bread. Upon the first bite I immediately noticed how tender and flavorful the meatballs were and were not tough at all. Definitely a good size and for around $9 not a bad deal.Yanni's is a place you should check out if you're looking for a nice, casual dining experience and an introduction into the flavors of Greek cuisine. I'm sure I'll be making a trip back to try their other options as well as desserts and maybe become a fan of this place in the future."GET HIM TO THE GREEK!"
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,9/7/2013,533,177,9,15,12>Bent Fork Grill is Awesome!  I went last night to the UYE (Yelp) Burger and Dog get together.  It was fun to meet all the Yelpers and their dogs.Great Dog Friendly Place!  I enjoyed the big fenced in area where where you can let your pup run around and they have a number of water bowls for the dogs.  Nice picnic tables out here too.  Inside it smelled great - the guys were busy cooking but made time to take orders quick.  There are a few draft kraft beers and the IPA I tried was fantastic.  I ordered the Cowboy Burger and a New York Hot all the way.  Both were great looking, smelled great and tasted out of this world!!  My son Chris had a veggie wrap and fries.I sure enjoyed the Bent Fork Grill.  It is not fancy (and does not need to be).  I saw a number of items I need to try there soon - Philly Cheese Steak, Philly Chicken and great looking hot dogs.  The weather was cool and windy for this outing.  I look forward to going here on warm sunny day.Bent Fork is awesome!!I've added some photos from this visit.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,9/6/2013,18,170,,6,3>I told my daughter that I would write a review for the Leaping Lizard after we went there for a Daddy-daughter date. I would highly recommend this as a good place to do that btw. I was a little worried since the last time we were around Chix Beach, this place had odd hours and it was just about to close, so we turned around. This time I checked their hrs. Upon getting there, I was further dismayed by the line outside the front of the building. The parking lot is very small and it was packed. I had to do a t-turn in the back of the place and luckily a couple left just as I completed my turn. We put our name in and surprisingly the group in front of me consisted of about 10 people that were altogether for seating. Since we were a party of 1.5, we got seated quickly. It was a fairly cool day with a nice breeze. Luckily that was the case, because we were outside seating. This was the best part. We were under partial shade in the back of the building decorated with lots of artsy fartsy metal and ceramic work. My daughter loved it. My kids are vegan, so that is what we ordered. For the life of me, I couldnt remember what we ordered. I just remember that the waitress was extremely nice and it seems that ALL of the waitresses are young, attractive women. Our meals were excellent, the water glasses were constantly cold and filled, and my daughter and I shared a great moment here. We walked out feeling good about ourselves and the good, healthy meal that we ate.I would recommend this venue for at least a vegan. The non-vegan meals didnt seem too awful from a health perspective either. Not lots of fried stuff. The outdoor ambiance, the roaming chickens, the light breeze....it was just a great venue for what I was trying to accomplish that day with my daughter.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,9/5/2013,26,148,3,2,3>Imagine you're from SoCal and just moved to Virginia.  Ocean's on the wrong side, throwing off decades of navigating roads with "water on the left" to head north; seeing the sun rise over the ocean rather than set.  It's different, to say the least.  This was officially the first restaurant we visited in Virginia, and it was quite the welcome.  We honestly stumbled on it trying to find another store and a drink and a snack seemed to be in order.  First impressions were: clean, warm, inviting, good location.  Second impression:  THEY SELL WINE TO TAKE HOME!  They had just opened, and service was great...friendly, knowledgable and attentive.  No reading off flash cards to summarize wine characteristics.  I think the only reason why we haven't gone back is because Mermaid is so much closer.  The more I think about it, I need to go back.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,9/4/2013,64,171,1,3,4>This place is a hidden treasure on the outskirts of portsmouth.  "P-town?" you exclaim.Yes, P-tizzle fo' shizzle.Around the lake is a 4 mile trail.  There are a number of other trails spanning the reserve as well as a kayak dock.  Today, we were on a blackberry picking expedition.  Pretty cool stuff.  We got to eat the blackberries we picked and they made vanilla ice cream for us to enjoy with the blacberries at the end of the "hike".  This is a great thing to do for kids and adults alike.  I'm definitely taking my son......I want him to become one with the wilderness, but I'm sure all he will hear is "ice cream".
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,9/3/2013,119,199,2,3,6>No Frills is a great place for breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner....probably even makes a great place to recover from surgery, it is just that great!The sandwich menu is what keeps me coming back for more.  Today it was the New York Deli Style Special sandwich.....Pastrami, Swiss, Cole Slaw, Lettuce, Onions on toasted rye.  With some onion rings on the side, please.   My lunch partner had the Salmon BLT and with a side of pasta salad and said that it was amazing, a claim i would not dispute.Even though the place was packed on a beautiful Saturday afternoon, we were taken right to a table and given the usual fantastic service.  Of course I will be back....all of this PLUS the vibe that is Ghent?  What's not to love?
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,9/2/2013,509,292,4,4,3>I am so so so jived this place is here and next to my favorite grocery store to boot! After posting a thread on finding the best Pho in the Hampton Roads area, this place was highly recommended and also the closest to my casa. Anyway, this past weekend, I finally went. I got my usual Pho Ga & Spring rolls, because, sometimes I am a creature of habit and I know what I like. Absolutely delicious, meaty, falvorful and exactly what I wanted. I actually got my order to go, because I wasn't feeling so hot, but I did get the opportunity to chill inside for a bit to get an idea on the vibe. It was a Saturday afternoon and not busy at all. The inside was surprisingly nice, most Pho joints I have been to are tiny and weird and no one speaks English.. But Pho 79 is not like that. It was nice, clean, larger than I expected.. legit.  HOWEVER, and the reason I did not give them 5 stars, I was totally annoyed by the entire (very young) waitstaff standing in front of me in the bar area as I sipped my lemonade and waited for my food to come out. There were literally 10 of them standing there gossiping and generally annoying the shit out of me. Whatever, I get it, it was slow and they were bored, but I hate it when waitstaff do this. Go in the back. I don't care that so & so is 15 minutes late and "whats his nuts or whats her tits" is a queen. I want to listen to the music and enjoy my refreshing beverage without listening to this. Anyway, ill deal with it and I will totally come here again, possibly with earplugs.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/1/2013,118,112,10,3,5>It was time for a sushi fix again and this time it was Nara's turn to put on the moves... and that she did! Super fresh fish, any fresher and it would have been dancing on the table. Ordered 5 different sushi plates, all but one I was a fan of. The one I could have done without was the Crazy Angel Roll, not that it was bad, it was full of different flavors but it was swimming in sauce and mayo, still very good but compared to the others the taste was not as clean and refreshing. Nara has a lot to offer on their menu, you're bound to find something to please your sushi spot.The inside was just a smidge too dark for me, eyes adjusted but I can see this being a problem for people with bad eyesight, but hey maybe the perfect spot for a blind date just in case they turn out looking like an ape..... DARK=CAN'T SEE YO FACEI was actually very surprised how inexpensive the bill was, normally paying $60+ for a 2 person sushi dinner, Nara's damage was around $45. I'd say that's a win!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/31/2013,34,76,,5,4>One of the most romantic, intimate, fun and sexy places to eat in Hampton Roads.  Sitting outside is pleasant in the evening even in our summer heat because there is a constant breeze.  A menu that offers amazing options for every dietary restriction.  Fresh crab and seared tuna on crispy wontons with a wasabi drizzle, amazing!  Light and complex cioppino with a Red you can't buy locally, awesome!  These guys know good fish, seafood and fresh and rich flavors.  What you won't find is a menu of standard and boring proteins (chicken, big game fish, shrimp).  Instead they have slow-roasted pork belly (that they roasted all day), fresh seasonal seared fish, dishes with fresh cheeses (they make their own mozzarella), appetizers that are rich and perfect with your just-served wine.  An always-new selection of specials makes me want to eat there every night.  Desserts made in-house and always changing (they even make fresh gelato).  The chef came out to our table for a quick hello after we had finished our meal, we weren't hurried as we finished our drinks (even though they were past-closed), and everyone there is happy.  A quaint location, humble and talented ownership...wow.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/30/2013,66,117,3,7,5>Beer.  Beer good.  I like beer.  Especially from this place.They make beer here.  Good beer.  Tasty beer.  Beer beer.I like this place a lot.  Saturday afternoons are awesome.  $3 drafts from a cask of their choosing.  Other drafts are only $4-$5 as well.  The small tasting room is cosy, but not cramped.  The outdoor area also has a local food truck or two ready to serve.I have nothing more to offer that others haven't said already.  Go here if you like beer.  That is all.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,8/29/2013,163,183,2,6,5>Kitsch has expanded! They took over the shop next door so they have a little bit more room to play with. Still a small shop, but it is always jam packed with homemade goodies! They have all sorts of things from hand sewn pillows, to art prints, and little knickknacks here and there. There is pretty much endless amount of stuff to see. Prices vary from uber cheap to eh-xpensive, depending on the artist/crafter who sets the prices. But if you do purchase, know that you are supporting both Kitsch and the starving artist who made the product! Also, if you have the time, check out the awesome classes they offer! They're pretty cheap and fun. Spaces are limited so signing up early is a must. Just look them up on fb.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2013,8/28/2013,96,146,2,4,2>Stopped by here today for Lunch. Had an appointment in the area. The first thing that strikes me about this location is just how huge it is inside, Was really impressed with that, however what I found to not be impressive is the LACK of direction when you walk in, I literally waited in pickup area which I had no idea was the pickup area until about 10 min into my visit, also i had to pick up a menu which is at the counter and the get back in line. To me this is just bad flow of things... It would make more sense to me that when you walk in , menus would be in a stand or something near where the lines would be.... or on a board...  and have a clear direction of where to go to place orders and where to pick up. The drink fountain area is also in a hidden alcove with no clear indication of where to go, had to ask two people. These are minor things, that clearly next time I wont deal with because I will remember, Go to the right to order... but dont pay... get my buzzer thing... Stand in the front of the store while I watch confused first timers walk in and wait with me (unknowingly), pick up my order and pay... walk to the Left to the Hidden alcove to get my Sweet Tea (which was pretty good).  But for having 6 Locations, and celebrating 40 years... I would think that a layout, or flow of traffic in and out and clear markings (coffffff, like Panera) would be pretty much standard. I understand that I may have been there on a very busy day and that usually its not near as busy however that doesn't really change anything about what I am pointing out. As for the meal itself, I picked the Bayville Farms Roast Beef and Havarti cheese with House dressing. It was OK, not spectacular, not horrible just sort of middle of the road. My first impression of TASTE unlimited is like a Upper-scale panera bread..  The prices seems more reasonable then Panera and better quality of food however. Next time i go I will choose a different Sandwich because it may have just been to simple. I really feel like I need to come to this location a few more times before i can really give a detailed review. The thing is however... like most places in Hilltop, you pretty much have people with to much money loving things that are mediocre or just overpriced...I am not totally sure taste fits into this category yet however, I have hopes that it does not...
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,8/24/2013,60,60,2,3,2>Want a seat without a wait for breakfast?  Get here at 7.  Even on Easter Sunday.  Come at 8?  Wait an hour.  But it's worth it.Where do I start?  Daily breakfast and lunch specials that are usually amazing.  A standard menu that is amazing.  Service is great.  i can say that I like the bloody marys at Bubbas better.  That's the only negative.Go.  You'll thank me later.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2013,8/23/2013,122,469,3,5,1>Let me say this, Blvd is a vast improvement from the Oysterette, which USED to be located there. And I always appreciate a ma and pa restaurant rather than all the chains it's surrounded by. That said, the food reminds me of diner food and the service is somewhat lacking. I think they have an interesting menu and the chef is kind of a short order grill cook; we heard him asking some regulars what they wanted (off the menu) and he was going to prepare something made to order. Since the name has "raw bar" in the title, I asked for an oyster menu since most raw bars have this and offer raw, steamed, or fried oysters by the half dozen or dozen on ice. No such luck. They simply offer oyster stew or oyster rockefellers. Well so do most NON raw bar restaurants. Makes me wonder if they do, in fact, get in fresh shell fish or else why would they not offer this? Don't call yourself a raw bar. We ordered the tuna melt and Blvd burger; fries were greasy but both sandwiches were fine. Overall, I think this is more like a bar than anything. I would come back here after I'm not pregnant anymore and probably have a few glasses of wine with my husband (I noticed they have large pours!) and maybe try something else on the menu to see if there is more to the food but just based on my initial experience, there doesn't seem much else to it than casual, diner food.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,8/22/2013,46,196,,5,3>This was our second experience on the Tide and there will be many more.  Buy your tickets on-line,  I have seen several people fight with the ticket machines at the gate.  It is clean and well lit and safe.  Not only that but it is fast.  There are no red lights, no traffic jams, no frustration trying to park, no long walks to the Tides game or to MacArthur Mall.We get on at Newtown where there is ample parking, and an over-flow parking lot.  Did I mention that parking in the well lit lots is free?  It costs $5.00 to park at a Tides Game....$3.00 per person for an all day pass on the Tide so it cost the two of us $1.00 to not have to battle traffic or parking, this my friends, is a no brainer.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,8/21/2013,114,446,2,2,2>So we had to try the ORIGINAL CUSTARD after seeing a story on one of the food channels. Definitely worth fighting off the tourists for a cone. They are a bit pricy, but then again they practically are on the beach. Hint: maybe VA BCH residents could get a Discount like some of the neighboring establishment give to us.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,8/20/2013,37,327,,3,3>We have tried a few things now on the menu and have enjoyed it all!  We liked the pizza, but the rest of the menu was worth trying.  My husband really liked the flavor of the Bacon Philly Cheesesteak and my daughter of a Turkey & Cheese Sub.  My son enjoyed the alfredo.  Don't be afraid to ask for a kids portion of the alfredo.  The portion for adults is HUGE and will leave you with a meal the next day.  The servings are plentiful and should be for the prices.  I tried the special seafood manicotti and it was tasty.  Sauce was wonderful and again, it was a good serving size.  We also tried multiple desserts.  The cannoli last night was a little soggy.  It was better the first time.  The chocolate cake was wonderful.  Not rich/heavy, but a lighter feel and taste which was nice.  Not too much after a big meal.  The tiramisu was awesome!!!  The cheesecake was a good cheesecake.  Our service started out alright but when it got busy she was harder to flag down.  They alternate tables so your server isn't nearby in a section.  However, we saw friends and didn't mind lingering a bit last night.  We don't tend to eat a lot of Italian out other than pizza so this is a nice surprise and we will be back plenty of times to keep trying new items.  So far we have enjoyed everything we have tried.  Wonderful place!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,8/19/2013,27,56,,6,1>Oh my lord, thank you! I have been looking for a good German spot for some time now and I've finally found it. I had such a fun dining experience here the couple times that I have gone. This place is tucked into a shoddy looking strip mall in Norfolk but inside it has a very cozy German family feel to it. So far, I've only had the Schnitzel Holstein which was pretty good and the Home-made Leberkaese which I thought was pretty awesome. Take this place for what it is, no frills German comfort food. People bash this place for some odd reasons and some legit reasons. Yes, its in a low rent strip mall but the service has always been great and the staff/owner have been very welcoming.Side note: The German beer list here is pretty good!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,8/18/2013,121,170,,7,3>Before writing this review, I was trying to figure out how to describe the Brass Bell.  I know it's a steakhouse - it's right on the sign.  The sign also reads lounge; I'm not really sure I would call Brass Bell a lounge.  Then again, I'm not sure I even know what a true lounge is.  I can say that Brass Bell is a great local joint that seems very well received by its patron; it drew me in as well.The impetus for me to go to Brass Bell was for karaoke night; I normally go to a little place in Ghent only by default.  It was time to venture out, though, and I'm glad I ended up here. I expected bar food.  Man, was I surprised!We sat ourselves and got in our drink orders soon after.  Tonight's choice of refreshment was a pitcher of Yeungling, not my favorite, but with only two other choices, a couple of light beers, Yeungling was the best of the three.  You're have to blame these newfangled joints for getting me into the craft stuff - I've left the mass production stuff alone, especially the lights.Brass Bell has a variety of daily specials, both food and drink.  I couldn't decide on a steak, the Friday special - 10 oz. prime rib, or the surf and turf.  The prime rib was out, so I went for the 10 oz. Delmonico - the today's special; it was $11.95!  I had a salad to start...it was typical and only OK.  The steak came out medium-well, as ordered, and was better than good....it was fantastic!  Had more salt than I'm use too, but I don't do salt any longer, so it was salted as I remembered.  Next time, I'll ask for 'easy salt'.  The baked potato was simply good with butter and sour cream on the side.  It had been a while since I had eaten a steak and baked potato - good eats!Karaoke started around 9.  It started a bit slowly but picked up quickly.  It was unfortunately dominated by men.  My group had 3 ladies in it and they were the only ones who represented. The KJ mixed in a few music videos and a group dance tune or two.  He sang a couple of songs as well.  Not a bad accompaniment to end our meal and the evening.I would go so far as saying, Brass Bell is the equivalent of a great little neighborhood British Pub - nice selection of alcohol, decent eats, and billiards.   For those of you who have never been, this is your notice to put it on your radar. It's a great little neighborhood joint.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,8/17/2013,29,248,4,4,2>Went back a few days ago with a friend..Food- still great!Service- well for starters- the indian lady who dresses like shes going to a wedding everyday, was not there that day. Very sad. 2ndly- service is shabby!.. i mean i love the place, but our server was constantly missing .. but when she was around, she was sweet. THEN TO TOP IT ALL OFF.. this other server ( very nice indian lady).. but she kept bugging my buddy with random questions - "what college did u go to, what was ur major, when did u come to this country, what visa are u on"... i mean she was 1 question short of asking " what color underwear are u wearing"?.. all jokes aside, i understand she was asking these questions for a specific reason... but we came there to talk and catch up...but ended up having half our dinner conversation with her lol
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,8/16/2013,31,234,,5,3>This little market has my heart and I'm sure if I lived closer they would have the majority of my paycheck as well. A great place to stop in to grab a fancy beverage and grab a quick lunch to-go with products from some of my other favorite spots around the 757. (I love you Ten Top!) Now offering fresh local produce, check their FB or twitter to keep up with the latest items. Carrying convenience items, local /holistic pet foods, ready made foods, ales and ciders (the local craft beer scene is well represented), fresh foods, bakery items... this store has most bases covered. A few outdoor tables and a dog bowl out front make this a perfect little spot.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,8/15/2013,35,98,,4,3>I was super stoked to try this place after following her on Facebook and seeing that she does vegan donuts! I'm not a vegan or even a vegetarian, but I don't consume milk or soy so trying to find some good comfort food meeting that criteria is hard.  I placed a special order for 6 vegan pumpkin, and 6 regular maple bacon glazed donuts for my kids/company. The donuts weren't quite ready when I went to pick them up since I was earlier than I had told her, but that was okay since I got to try some other things off the menu while I waited. I decided on the chicken salad wrap and the potato salad.The chicken salad was good, with celery, and grapes, and the potato salad was very Dijon-ey, with bacon. I enjoyed them both.Now to the donuts, which I couldn't wait til I got home to try. I pried open the box as soon as I got in the car, and devoured a nice hot vegan pumpkin one. YUM! My father and sons enjoyed the maple bacon once I got them home to them. They gave them two thumbs up! The only downfall I would say to this place is the dog grooming place next door. Sitting at the table eating my meal, I really don't want to hear dogs howling or barking. But then again, I'm not an animal person so maybe it wouldn't bother most people. All in all, we'll be back. This would be a great place to stop and get a snack to take to the park across the street, or after a trip to the zoo instead of buying their greasy over priced food that they offer there.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,8/14/2013,74,230,,4,3>I had been wanting to try FeLynn for a long time and so I selfishly scheduled a UYE to finally give it a go.  I think it's safe to say that I will be back after today's event.  I have little experience with Filipino food so I planned to just go in, ask alot of questions, and try a few different things.  I ended up getting the curry chicken, pepper steak and pancit. I also ordered some lumpia that my boys devoured.  So, I went back up and ordered more along with some BBQ pork.  The curry chicken was very good.  As James M. said, the curry chicken is not spicy but had great flavor.  The pepper steak was OK but I wouldn't do it again.  The pancit was good, as well.  We all really enjoyed the lumpia.  We didn't do any of the desserts but those are on my to-do list.  All told, it was an enjoyable way to spend a day with fellow Yelpers and good food.  The curry chicken will definitely bring me back again as it's one of my favorite dishes.  The lumpia will entice my boys to go back again.  I most definitely look forward to going back and trying some other things.  See you there!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,8/13/2013,46,168,3,4,6>Classy & upscale! I love it!I have been looking to attend events that have a more mature feel, where you put on a sexy dress and have some grown-up fun and SALT is the perfect venue for such an event. It is beautiful decorated with a great floor-plan and even a loft space (that can be screened off) where you can hold private events. You know how passionate the owners are about this venture of love when you learn how much care went into every detail-they did a great deal of the work themselves including the beautifully crafted bar.The food of course was delicious! I was most fond of the crab cakes, I love them in general and these were delicious. There was of course much more there to enjoy, sushi, green beans, pork belly over mashed potatoes, macaroni & cheese, cold soba noodles with scallops, cheesecake topped with watermelon cubes and a blueberry.Regarding the cuisine: I appreciate that everything is prepared fresh daily, not frozen and heated or baked. The bread is freshly prepared every morning and they stay local for their ingredients.SALT is a winner for me and Yelp's Black and White Party was just the event I needed this summer! I had a wonderfully enjoyable evening.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,8/12/2013,202,207,3,2,2>Decided to stop in for lunch in the middle of the week and the place was DEAD only myself and some drunk guy in a business suit. It was a little awkward at first because of all the random stupid comments he was making about the waitresses and life.  He sure couldn't stop talking about Ginger's rack. LoL...Anyway I had the Blackened Tuna Wrap and it was VERY good I'd recommend it and their sliced potato fries are good too.***What made my day after eating at the bar was looking up and seeing the Jesus portrait behind all of the beers! LMAO. "Protector of the beers" and then if you look closely, it looks as if he is looking up at his mother, dancing on the top shelf. (mini Virgin Mary figurine).Overall the place has a very hipster feel to it almost like when you ask yourself walking through the door if you should be in there or not.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,8/11/2013,22,104,3,2,2>Maui Wowi, you can't beat the Dirty Buffalo for wings.  I love wings, but Russ has taken the time to come up with the best flavors out there.  Cilantro Lime was amazing.  Then there are my other faves..Habanero Pineapple...Yeeessssss!  I will be back for more, for sure.  How good do they have to be when you are fed by someone else, but you STILL  get a big order to go. YEAH, ITS THAT GOOD!!  Even if this haven of YUM wasn't only 10 minutes away, I would still find a way there!... Happy Eating!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,8/10/2013,38,86,4,5,2>Finally, I found a very good Chinese food restaurant near my house.  I go to Harris Teeter and Yo Mama frequently and never noticed Rainbow Garden was right there. I'm glad I saw it now. The General Tso & Sweet and Sour Chicken was excellent, and the lo mien was on point. I knocked off a point because Chinese restaurants have (in my opinion) the best sweet tea...except for this Lipton Tea tasting place.  It was good, but I can make better at my on house. But I can't make good Chinese food.  Great taste!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,8/9/2013,62,212,2,5,4>Obviously I am a fan, I went on Sunday for the Yelp UYE then again on Monday for lunch. Now I know why Bree was here for dinner Saturday night then again for lunch on Sunday. I couldn't get enough of the soup dumplings (X.L.B.) they are phenomenal!! I don't even know where to begin actually because it was a smorgasbord of food, I mean serious FOOD. There were plates being passed left then right, sauces in little cups here and there and my GOD there was no room at our table of 9 to fit anything else but they just kept bringing us more deliciousness every time I cleared a spot. I will say it's super helpful to have someone with you who has came, saw, and ate what Judy's offers. The options seem never ending, which for some can appear overwhelming and for others, down right enjoyable. We had the hot pot going at the table and meats galore (beef, pork, lamb, chicken, fish, fish balls) and vegetables (mushrooms, sweet potatoes - my GOODNESS these were so yummy - and they aren't your normal sweet potatoes you think about, they aren't yams, they are white potatoes with a sweet flavor) and rice noodles, tofu, tofu skin, cabbage, oh my the list goes on and did I mention it is ALL YOU CAN EAT!! But you need to call ahead for the hot pot because of the time involved in the preparation of this fine eating experience.The other dishes circling the table included braised pork belly (so so so gooooood!!!), cold noodles, pork and chicken lettuce wraps (two thumbs up), onion pancakes (HOLY MOLY THESE ARE AWESOME!!!), chicken with chili peppers, and probably many more dishes I tried but can't remember. What I do remember was a great dining experience with new and old Yelp friends that won't be forgotten.For those of you who are skeptical of authentic chinese food, just talk to Judy - she'll walk you through it and is more than happy to provide recommendations.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,8/8/2013,30,22,2,5,5>The first time I walked into Café Moka I did not like it. I found the interior decoration to be cold and too industrial compared to the warm and cozy coffee shops I was use to. Luckily, I tried the delicious frozen PB Moka latte that kept me coming back for more. My first impression was completely wrong about this place. Every time I have stopped in at Café Moka I have been greeted with friendly service and beyond satisfactory drinks. All of the froze lattes are delicious and I have yet to try a beverage that I didn't enjoy. I have come to crave the unique mixtures in the Café Caribbean, the Cinnamon Peak, and others though the PB Moka will always be my first love.What sends Café Moka over the top for me is their uniqueness. Their creation of the nonalcoholic mokatini, the whip of the week, and the subtle individual details within the interior design such as the light bulbs and tables make this place a hot spot and favorite that you will want to keep coming back to.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/7/2013,77,61,4,5,2>Such a huge fan of this place. It's got such an unassuming look, outside and inside, that is refreshing considering the look of some of the more pretentious spots in Downtown Norfolk. These people simply know what they excel at and blow you away with it.First off, this is NOT a restaurant in the sense of all other "bars" in Virginia that have an extensive list of culinary offerings that appeal to the deep-seated foodie. They offer just the right mix of light fare and cheeses to accompany a good brew.Second, if a person can't find a good beer, mead, or cider here, I would suggest that they move along to another activity, like watching rocks roll downhill. Their selection is 1) ever-changing, 2) eclectic, and 3) extremely varied. Like saisons? No problem. Into a dark and earthy IPA? Here you go. Want a 18% barleywine that will surprise you? They heard of one.Not a fan of bitter beer taste, but want to ease in with something light? They got something for you.Third, if you get the chance, chit-chat with the family that owns the place. Most down-to-earth people you will run into. I should probably make an effort to remember their names (which I am horrible at), but it doesn't make a difference because they are welcoming to everybody.Fourth, bring your growler. Skipping out on their ridiculous growler prices is a travesty. Don't have a growler? Buy one from here on the cheap and start loading up on a weekly basis. Why is this critical? Because when a good beer gets rotated in, you better snatch it up while it lasts!My only complain about the place is that it's not near my house.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,8/6/2013,84,331,2,3,1>Clean and simple dog park. As a tiny dog owner, I love the separate dog sections for smaller and bigger dogs. As an over protective tiny dog owner, I also like how the park is small enough that I can keep an eye on my dog at all times (unlike the PETA park). I've only visited this park once, but it seems to be in a decent neighborhood. Minus one star for all the gnats.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,8/5/2013,198,161,4,3,2>My mom kept saying over and over "I love this, I love this salmon and this view."  Our group of three tried fried oysters for the first time. I had the mindset that I wasn't going to like it. I was wrong! It was very good. I really have no complaints about the entire experience. I was surprised to only have to wait for outside seating for about ten minutes at 6:30 pm on a Saturday. The place is bigger than it looks. The menu is pretty basic but everything I saw being carried out to the tables looked delicious.  There also seems to be a trend that they only hire pretty people. I felt like I was on an episode of Vanderpump Rules. I think the view of the bay is really what makes this place better than the average seafood shack.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,8/4/2013,63,152,2,4,5>This had to have been one of the best Yelp elite events I've ever been to. The food at Terebinth was amazing, especially the chicken salad croissant. I wish I had one right now *sigh* Also the deserts. All the yummy delicious deserts. The rose water macaron was really light and flavorful. My favorite hands down was the Banofee which was Dulce de Leche, sliced Bananas, an Espresso mousse with chocolate shavings in a butter toffee crust. Ugh I want one of those too!The table where I was sitting was fantastic! Always a good time with Yajaida, Julia, Katrina & Aly. Gabe, Nikki and Nicole, it was awesome meeting and laughing with you! Great job Xerxes!!!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/3/2013,157,510,,7,7>A big "thank you" to Woody McGees for hosting Lobster night at the request of local yelpers. I got a little worried when Don started talking about putting celery heart, jalapeno, lemon zest, etc in the lobster salad that went in the lobster roll, but it was very delicious!I didn't get to try the lobster mac and cheese, but I heard it was really good.  The lobster bisque was pretty good too. I may be back later in the week for another lobster roll if my schedule allows.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,8/2/2013,38,84,,6,3>Where should I start this review? There is so much to say,so I will start with its location. Tucked ever so discreetly in an upscale neighborhood is a bread and breakfast of an old farm mansion with converted carriage house converted into the B&B's cottage apartments. But back to the main house, there are steps and a wheel chair access to the restaurant. This could have been a root cellar, or once the original kitchen to the house turned restaurant. Hence, the name, The Cellar. We were running a little late, so unfortunately I didn't have the opportunity to check out this place, where the bar area, lounging area or anything was. We were immediately seated to our tables. If your looking for the next trendy hot spot to see or be seen, this place isn't for you. This place is about the food, and the food alone. Yes it is pleasingly aesthetic to the eye but it mostly about the food. The restaurant had a good age mixture, starting in their 20's on up to their 60's, and this place isn't kid friendly, so I didn't see kids in there. We started our meal by sharing a tuna tartare, very nice. They served it with what I assumed was lightly fried wanton wraps. And a creamy type of sauce. Not being a fan of tuna, I really did enjoy this very much. I'm the type of person who will try most anything once, but if I don't care for it, I won't eat it again. My husband ordered the Ahi Tuna and asked the chef to threaten it with heat, they nailed it! Usually restaurants over cook it for his taste, he never says anything but once we leave, he says that he will not be ordering that there again. This time he stated they did it well. I ordered the sea scallops with pork belly. Bacon and sea scallops, yum! They knocked to out of the park. This is a great place, one that my husband and I will be back to.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/1/2013,18,133,3,3,5>What an awesome [small] brewery in a very unsuspecting place in Norfolk.There's no way you would 'happen upon' this place since it's tucked away in a corner near the railroad tracks and some industrial buildings, which makes it that much more cool. I've been here a few times over the last year and have had generally good experiences every time:The good: The beer here is awesome quality (not that I'm a beer expert) and all the employees always have a smile on their faces. I appreciate the quaintness of this and think it's awesome that they offer free tours on saturdays. They also seem very community oriented, teaming up with local food trucks and attending many local festivals. The not-so-good: I understand that this brewery is fairly new still and business has exploded, but it does get a little tiring that it's almost impossible to find a seat if you come any time other than right after opening. They have a great little patio, but why no  chairs?? Seems like an easy fix and maybe there's a reason why they can't, but otherwise it just seems like a waste. I think this place would also benefit from a few more food options. I know they have some (pretzels, etc), but if you could get a small meal here to go along with you beer I think it wouldn't be so tough to bring non-beer lovers over to share the experience.Overall: I really respect this place and would give it 4.5/5 if I could. I hope they continue to thrive and [hopefully] have the opportunity to grow in size to overcome their tasting room crowding problem. I really recommend giving this place a look!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2013,7/31/2013,17,153,2,4,3>This is apparently a very well-liked establishment.  The dining room was packed, and our order was about 12th in line on the wait.  The aesthetics are nice.  Great looking signing and overall "feel".  The server at the counter was plenty friendly.  The biggest issue I had was that there was no comfortable place to stand and wait.  We felt like we were in the way no matter where we were.  Blocking the coffee table or the drink cooler, or the line...mind you it was a busy Saturday morning, so I'm sure it's not always like that.Lots of choices, almost to the point of overwhelming for me, so I just ordered a bacon, egg, and cheese (jalepeno) bagel (just a guess that it was actually an option, because I never actually saw it on the menu) and a small coffee.  The coffee was ok, but they were out of all options of milk-stuffs except skim at their side table.We took ours to go and found an empty bench on the Hague to sit and relax.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,7/30/2013,38,55,5,9,6>Buy fresh, eat local!I only first ate here maybe 3 weeks ago and I've been back a handful of times ever since. My friends and I strongly support locally owned businesses, so this was definitely a must-try restaurant.So far I've tried their grilled cheese and jam panini, wasabi braised beef panini, crispy pork belly, and the avocado club panini. The crispy pork belly is my personal favorite out of what I've tried thus far. It is only offered as a temporary lunch special but I highly recommend it if it's available during your visit.Their sweet potato fries are great. I personally don't usually order sweet potato fries at other restaurants, however most Yelp tips suggest the fries and they were definitely on point.Some of my friends  tried the salads and soups and were impressed too. None of us have ordered anything we did not like. I've yet to order something other than their panini and sandwich options but I plan to try the majority of the menu choices in future visits.Just keep in mind their hours of operation and also help fill that tip jar! You won't be upset. Just had lunch again here yesterday and will definitely be back again soon.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,7/29/2013,263,519,5,7,8>Omar's Carriage House is located on Bute street behind some of those fancy new condo's and if you're not looking for it you'll probably miss it. I had a delicious lunch here on Friday with co-workers. I've actually been avoiding the place because I've heard they're slow and don't want to go over my lunch hour by to much if I can avoid it. I'm happy to report that what I heard was wrong.Upon walking in the first thing you're going to notice is the unique decor. I can't quite put my finger on what to call it but I guess the closest thing I can come up with for now is "Eclectic Grandmother Design". All of the walls are brick but have been painted white. There's a stairway to the 2nd floor, a small L shaped bar with a kitchen behind it and then the main dining area in front of that. There's lots of pictures on the wall, lights and color. It's a nice place. For lunch I went with the French Dip Panini which also included Sweet Potato Fries. The roast beef was extra thin and it was accompanied by Havarti cheese on rosemary foccacia. The Au Jus is a Kentucky Bourbon flavor. I thought was a little to much rosemary in it for my taste. My co-worker had the Texas Burger which is a variation of the house Kobe Beef Burger. It includes bacon, cheddar cheese and a green chili ketchup. This is served with sliced roasted Yukon potatoes.Lunch was outstanding, the service was great and I will definitely be visiting again for lunch soon, and probably dinner too.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,7/28/2013,196,641,2,3,4>what a freakin' GEM!! this place is fantastico!!!! Hands down best pho on the east coast. I think the seedy little diner helps personally. It feels very authentic. I like my vietnamese food to feel local, if you know what I mean. I love the environment, I love the food. I maybe wouldn't take my parents there......or a pho newbie......or someone who is picky about clean restaurants....but come on, you have to know what you are going for! It's totally a dive restaurant and to me- perfection!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,7/27/2013,280,260,,3,3>Terebinth is amazing!!! Not only is their food unique and delicious, but the staff is very knowledgable and friendly. I also really appreciate that they have made efforts to be eco-friendly. They have regular table and they also have comfy couch-like seats. I found out they will soon be having wine tastings there as well! It's just a really cool place to go and can't wait to go back.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,7/26/2013,62,168,,5,5>The first thing you're going to notice when you walk in, is the wonderful smokey smell!  I had ordered the pulled pork, which the chef was kind enough to put a little slaw on, just the way I like it.  The bread was fresh, the meat was hot and the flavor was wonderful.  I also had the Corn Bread side which was prepared in what I call "Northerner" style (aka, TASTY and SWEET).  The baked beans... were well... insanely hot (temperature wise, not spicey) and not the most flavorful things I've had.  While the pork was the star, the hush-puppy side (which was just a bonus) was a wonderful bonus compliment to the meal.  No fountain, so you'll have to make due with cans of soda, I think they could do with some 20oz bottles.  Overall, the food was insanely flavorful, I'll be back again and look forward to seeing how the restaurant progresses (this was their second day open, I look forward to seeing what else they do!)Brilliant.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,7/25/2013,99,254,,5,4>Almost perfect.The star here is the food. The menu is simple - 10 types of biscuits, some sides, and a couple of made-in-house beverages. That's how you know it's going to be good. They have a few items and they do them VERY well.There are two vegetarian options - only one is vegan. (The PB&J) So even though it's not an extensive amount of veg options - considering the menu is small, 20% of their menu items being vegetarian friendly is still something impressive.I loved the menu simplicity. I loved the focus on good, fresh, quality ingredients. And I loved the creativity of the menu items and the attention to the food detail. The thing that keeps it from being perfect is the PROFOUND lack of seating and parking. Met up with a couple of girlfriends today and sat at one of the four tables available. (Three 4-top tables and one 2-top table. Seriously. That's it.) We met just to enjoy a leisurely breakfast and catch up, but it's hard to have a nice, laid back conversation when there are throngs of people hungrily eyeing you and your table.Additionally, they periodically blast the music. I've read that small establishments sometimes do this to make conversation difficult and encourage a quicker patron turn-around. It worked. After less than 40 minutes, we relocated to a Panera Bread down the street just to be able to sit and enjoy a leisurely cup of coffee without feeling like a bunch of a-holes for wanting to actually sit and have a conversation. The place is tiny, so it's not necessarily their fault, but holy wow.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,7/24/2013,63,174,,7,3>I don't often start a new place I've never visited before with a 5-star review, but I'm really tempted with this new Indian spot (open less than two months, we're told), located at Red Mill Commons a few doors down from Rigoletto bakery.  I'll start with a very high 4, solely because our first visit was for a Sunday bunch, and we didn't have a chance to sample the dinner output from the kitchen.  But we'll be back soon --- of that there is no doubt.The vibe of the restaurant is small and definitely upscale --- muted pastels on the walls and in the upholstered chairs and faux-marble tables, understated/not dramatic modern geometric designs everywhere, unobtrusive indirect lighting, upscale silverware and glassware, linen napkins, fresh flowers on every table, and no salt and pepper shakers anywhere --- a very nicely done decor;  modern and inviting, and overall extremely pleasant.  Our host Bobby also turned out to be our server, and he clearly must be one of the principals of the restaurant --- extremely personable and gracious, and his in-depth knowledge of the menus (both the abbreviated lunch menu, and the much larger one for dinner) and limited but well thought out wine list certainly indicated he must have had a hand in their creations.  We found their Sunday brunch offering to be a three-course prix fixe,  which included choices of appetizers, entrees and desserts, plus a glass of wine, a beer or other non-alcoholic drink --- all priced at an amazing $16.00.  The brunch choices sample all the different types of dishes served at dinner except for their tandoori entrees, and we had wonderful luck with their lentil soup and chaat of the day, followed by a smooth and creamy Paneer Makhni and deliciously tender Lamb Rogan Josh, and finally  beautifully presented and light Gulab Jamun for us both.  Their naan offerings are apparently a work in progress --- a simple naan was served with our meal, and Bobby says they are planning to offer wider choices in the near future ---including, I hope, my favorite fruit-filled Kashmiri variety.  So after almost two hours of leisurely dining and chatting with Bobby, we were pleasantly full after a great meal, and entirely satisfied --- and had spent a grand total of $35.36, before tip.  Wonderful, elegant food, extremely pleasant surroundings, and bright, knowledgeable restaurant personnel --- all this, and priced like Ruby Tuesday.  You bet we'll be back soon --- and you had better visit in a hurry, too, before the place is really discovered, and their food and experience are priced a little closer to what they're really worth.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,7/23/2013,83,478,2,4,2>This place was awesome.  I called a few days ago and spoke to the owner, Cathy, because I had found some expensive wallpaper online that I wanted to view in person and was directed by the manufacturer to this local shop as a reseller.  Although she didn't have any on hand Cathy ordered me samples of the wallpaper to view which arrived  two days later and I went today to view them. This shop has some very nice and different furniture and decor inside but what I was really impressed with were all the fabric, wallpaper, flooring, carpet and tile samples they have.  You can really customize your home in there.  Granted - these types of things are very expensive but you get what you pay for so I'm not complaining. I found a few other wallpapers I really liked while shopping and plan to come back when the time comes to buy (soon).  I was told that Cathy will come to my house and measure to make sure they order the right amount of wallpaper and they can also arrange to have it installed for me.  They can also order custom outdoor/indoor furniture.  It is on Pacific Ave near the oceanfront and not far from the Hilton on 31st street.  It is across the street from a parking garage but I had no trouble finding storefront parking in the attached lot right in front for free.  BIG plus for me.I'm sure I'll love this store, but my wallet won't, over the years.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,7/22/2013,183,190,5,13,4>I think I fell in love last night.I hopped on through the midtown and found myself nestled in the charm of Old Towne Mannino's.  The history of this old building with the exposed brick, high ceilings, and  delicate lights are so warm and inviting.  I really adore the intimate bar tucked in the back with wine crate vestiges adorning the walls.We started out with a bottle of wine and the clams posillipo.  Whatever you do, definitely eat the bread that is soaking in all the juice!  Next, on to a very special addition for the evening...Mannino's totally blew me away with this dish: crostini's stacked with jumbo shrimp and lump crab meat in a truffle broth. When I took my first bite, I almost fell off my barstool...suddenly, you would've thought I was at some sort of revival as my head was bopping around, I was drumming my hand on the table, and I may have even been speaking in tongues.  The truffle wasn't overpowering...just enough to whisk you into Shrangri-la. I almost was that girl holding up the bowl to drink the broth...almost.  Never underestimate the power of the broth!Next, the entrees for the evening. Tonight's special: Rockfish Francese with baby artichokes.  They only used the freshest of fish, which is why the only fish they offer is featured with heir nightly additions.  This was absolutely phenomenal...Mannino's tops any Francese you can get around here.  I am smitten with vodka sauce so in standard Troy fashion, I ordered the penne a la vodka and topped it with sausage and artichokes. As this is a dish I order at every Italian restaurant that offers Vodka sauce, this was beyond my expectations.  I couldn't have been more satisfied with the whole Mannino's experience. I am sold; I am indebted; they have made me a customer for life. Now, if I can just get them to make me that shrimp & crab in truffle broth every time ;-)Update on new faves:1. OMG, the fried oysters--best I have ever had!! Seriously. Almost fell out of my chair again ;-)2. Brookerita martini--delish with an Italian feel, tres Agave, amaretto, triple sec, hint of lemon.  3. Tiramisu--sweet jesus, this was damn good!  Maybe my top 1 or 2 tiramisus.4. Anything with shrimp--his shrimp are the biggest!  Like colossal! And, he knows how to use them ;-)BTW: the she-crab is now the winner of the East Coast She-Crab Classic 3 years and counting...won for both critics choice and people's choice.  They use a marsala base rather than sherry...genius!  Try it and judge for yourself!!!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,7/21/2013,58,22,,3,3>So happy with the remodeling to accommodate more people. Always happy with every visit I make here. This place, in my opinion, is as authentic as it gets. The people are always so welcoming and attentive. Some of my favorite dishes to get here are the Katsu-Don, Salmon Onigiri, & Unagi dinner box. Of course all the sushi rolls and sashimi are excellent! I love all the specialty rolls they have too. My #1 Japanese restaurant to go to. :)
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,7/20/2013,65,174,,3,2>Totally stumbled across this place while running errands (aka shopping at Game Stop). We were super hungry and looking for a place to eat. I shrugged to my boyfriend and said, "welp, how about that La Bella place". We were definitely underdressed. I don't think you need to get extra dressed up, but a Miami Heat tshirt and jeans is not the right apparel. It's in a weird spot for such a nice restaurant- in a strip mall. The little Italian market is cute, however, I don't think I'd need anything from there. Let me preface my review with this: I have no idea what authentic Italian food is supposed to taste like. Our server- I wish I remembered his name- was a professional nice young man. He was helpful, funny, and a pleasure. I started with a pineapple upside down martini...it snuck up on me quick. We also had the bruschetta...it was big pieces of bread with too much tomato and I had no idea how to eat it. I will say, though, that the tomatoes were incredibly fresh and sweet! I got the veal saltimbocca and the boyfriend got the special- Chicken meatballs. The veal saltimbocca is delicious! Made in a wine reduction sauce and a delicious buttery pasta. The chicken meatballs were...well...chicken meatballs but delicious nonetheless.There was a random guy that walked around asking us how things were- he was also pretty cool. This place got extra packed extra fast so I would recommend a reservation before you just walk in. Thankfully we came early.The prices are moderate. Probably 18-30 a plate depending on what you get. But you won't be disappointed! Great food! Great service! Loved it!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,7/19/2013,69,206,6,6,4>It's not often a store names itself with the most apt word to describe it's product, but this place nailed it. Ethereal.  Not sure it's a sustainable business model in Hampton, VA, but that basically gives me a reason to go more often. They have amazing service, immediately upon walking in you are greeted and they give you a 1-2 minute spiel on their all organic cupcakes, gluton-free and vegan options offered daily, etc. I'm sure a lot of people really care about that stuff, but I was there for the taste, not the process. And amazingly, they managed to do both right. Listen, folks, they could have made these things from the remnants of burned tires and I would be back. They offer free wi-fi, so I opted to dine in and get some work done between meetings. They have a few tables and a cozy area with a few armchairs and a coffee table. Onto to good stuff. I ordered the salted caramel cupcake and a coffee. The coffee was really great, fresh brewed with quality beans. The cupcake was...ethereal. Seriously. The frosting was light and fluffy with a hint of salt in the sweetness. The cake was a chocolate and it was so moist it was ALMOST mushy -- but it wasn't. I ordered another to 'take home to my husband' - aka eat it at home later before he even sees it. It was the bacon one, yes BACON cupcake. It, too, was amazing. It wasn't a paltry nod to bacon with bits crumbled on top of the frosting, it tasted like brown sugar and bacon throughout the entire cupcake.  I am already planning my next trip to Hampton to hit this place up!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,7/18/2013,137,66,,6,4>Almost perfect! I really wish that I could give Still a five star review and if reviews were based on food alone, Still would have 5-stars hands down! However, when I dined here my service was beyond slow. In their defense, it was a Friday night and packed. The food was excellent and my date and I choose the Rockfish special, the Lobster Mac-n-cheese (to die for!), Crispy artichokes (also a fav), and the fettuccine crawfish. We were very pleased with the way everything tasted, especially the drinks. ;) When you dine here, you must order a cocktail because their list of spirits is very extensive. I went for the good Ol'fashioned and it was perfect. Ps- if you're coming from Norfolk or VB, I suggest parking at waterside and taking the ferry across. It's only a short few blocks from the ferry port and that will make for a romantic evening!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/17/2013,121,78,,4,2>A great date restaurant in a pretty secret place, Passion doesn't disappoint with their food. Excellent food! I had the Crab Diablo with the creamy tomato basil sauce in lieu of marinara. DELICIOUS! My girl had a great rib roast smothered with mushroom gravy and served with risotto.Elegant, romantic, and fantastic.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,7/16/2013,11,54,,3,4>This all-you-can-order place is a really attractive option for a sushi lunch. We were impressed by the quality of the sushi and the prompt service, and we haven't ordered anything yet that we've been displeased about.This place is in the part of Norfolk surrounded by Military Base, which always makes me feel slightly out-of-place. The area is a bit sketch (the first time my husband went for lunch, there was a cop shooting across the street), but the shopping plaza the restaurant is in wasn't bad, and the restaurant itself has a comfy sort of feel; it's  small and cheerful, with quick, friendly service and a cozy sushi bar, if you like.The all-you-can-order lunch menu isn't comprehensive but it has probably 40-50 solid options, including rolls, nigiri, soups, salads and entrees. If you like seaweed salad, I recommend the Spicy Girl roll, and the pan-fried udon entree is straight-up awesome on a plate. I haven't been here for dinner, because I am cheap and dinner looked expensive for my taste, but the dinner all-you-can-order menu looked even more tasty.All-in-all, we've left this place after lunch full and happy, and isn't what it's about?
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,7/15/2013,28,86,1,4,3>A perfect example of why we should not judge a book by its cover. This place is kind of hidden, in a random shopping center..with a unappealing store-front. But, don't let looks fool you. Walk in. So, maybe once you walk in you feel like you're in a strange sports /arcade cross-breed resteraunt. Decor is a little outdated. But, don't think about that. Sit down.Order some food & let your taste buds do the talking. I went there with my family for a sunday dinner. Which means I was obligated to go. I'd never even heard/seen this place.  When we walked in we noticed the place was deserted, but this was back when football season had not started.  We all ordered something different. My husband had ribs & he was in heaven!  I had a chicken sandwich, which appeared to be the average run of the mill chicken sandwich, but it tasted like no other. Everything was fresh& well prepared. My mother had some seafood dish & she even  liked it! She is the pickiest woman alive & the fact that she liked it means that Seaboard Sports Grill is doing something right!!Wasn't expecting much but I was pleasantly surprised!  Word to the chefs.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,7/14/2013,72,218,3,3,3>I went to see Mumford & Sons at the Ntelos in Portsmouth - incredible show.  One of the most gracious bands I've ever seen perform - humble and sweet.  Their harmonies gave me goosebumps and early on I regretted having lawn seats.  Sometimes, the party is on the lawn.  Sometimes, it's for simpletons who only have a goal of drinking as much $8.00 draft beer as possible while acting like a total airhead. I am gifted enough that both on the lawn AND on the ferry, I seem to attract the one, really dumb, swaying, emo drunk girl.  Thankfully I was not arrested last night on the ferry as Emo Girl threw her cell phone, not once, but twice in a fit of range.  That little piece of technology was a missile. The second time, I very clearly warned her friend that it wasn't going to end well if that little missile hit me. She kept apologizing for her friend.  Please don't be that girl.  1. the Emo Girl who looks a little whacked out and is drama, drama drama 2. or be their friend.  There is much more to life than dealing with that.  Quote of the night, "Girl, I still know a great bail bondsman in Norfolk, I got your back."  Thankfully for her cute face and for my professional career, I did not have to give her some hands-on motherly love.  Just sayin'.Oh, did I go off track. Sorry.  Ntelos is fabulous - on the water, great view, parking is pretty easy in the garage or spring for the VIP parking and you'll get in and outta there quickly.  The lawn is great but you could have a night like I did - it's sort of a crap shoot.  The good thing is...it's easy to move away from them, unless it's a packed house like Mumford was.  Every summer I see a lot of fantastic bands there - courtesy of my job sometimes I get treated to box seats.  Great times!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,7/13/2013,83,62,2,4,2>This'll probably be the new Ghent hotspot for a little while as this place offers some very good Southern cooking. A friend and I strolled in here on a Sunday afternoon - he had already dined there once (and thus recommended it) and it was my first time. I remember Chow used to be the old Tanner's Creek Seafood spot, and I liked that place, too. But upon walking in I quickly forgot about Tanner's Creek and noticed how the new management definitely made efforts to clean it up. The interior looked great, the beer selection looked impressive and the food was delicious. My buddy and I split two dishes - red beans and rice with chicken and andouille sausage and the slow-roasted lamb shepard's pie. Both were very enjoyable and hearty - the red bean dish has a spicy kick to it, just in case you were wondering.I think the only problem with Chow may be their choice to not include printed menus. The establishment isn't very big and they have the entire menu drawn up on various chalkboards for everyone to see, but for anyone who may have poor eyesight (or simply refuses to look up every 10 seconds) this may be a problem. Otherwise, I had a great dining experience at Chow and look forward to many return visits.  JV
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,7/12/2013,15,43,2,3,2>Oh my gosh...I could eat about three orders of the tzatziki and pita alone...the best I have had in more years than I will admit. Literally...I typed it, then deleted it. This place is your perfect, smaller, family owned Greek restaurant, that could only be made better if they had those lemony garlic potatoes, but even the fries were perfectly crisp and delicious...and I'm not a crazy French fry person! Asides from the tzatziki appy that I "shared" (although I seriously didn't want to), I had the chicken souvlaki entree. I was expecting the typical skewers, but it was served kind of gyro style on yummy pita bread, which was divine, like I said, with fries, AND a lovely Greek salad. I was obviously was too involved in my dinner to even care what the man got...it was something lamb (he "baaaaaaed" at me) that he said was fab as well. Our waitress was great as well, but am not sure of her name to give her credit...sorry! ~long, beautiful, dark hair~  Trust me...get the tzatziki...mmmmmmm. We can't wait to go back!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,7/11/2013,155,241,,8,4>Our server was great. The food was also pretty spot on.First the pros:Awesome variations on the Burger - I got the Lady Thing (i think) with homemade pimento cheese spread, fried onion strings and pork belly (duh! Of course I did). My husband got a burger (forget what it was called) with whole grain mustard, pickled peppers and havarti cheese. The peppers were especially pickle-y but great flavor.Garlic Parm and Rosemary fries are scratch .. cut from a potato and fried. Crispy.Chili - Pretty good chili. At first I thought it was a little too tomato-y (still is sort of) but really nice smokey/spicy finish. Good flavor.Brussell Sprouts - just Ok for me. I like the idea .. but it was too salty. Needed some sweet.Dog friendly Patio!The Cons:The burger itself was a little dry, even though it was cooked medium. It tasted really good but for a medium burger I expect more juice. I think it's because the meat is overworked. Less handling, maybe? That's about it though. We had a really good dinner with great service.Will totally go back.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,7/10/2013,73,159,2,12,4>I have a love-hate relationship with this place.I love how fresh the produce is and how friendly everyone is. I love the Fruit 66 and other crazy bottled sodas and teas. I love the homemade jams and salsas. But I don't like not being able to interact with the growers/farmers unless they just happen to be there. I'm used to farmer's markets where they haul their produce in and set up their own stall. Five Points has more of a grocery store atmosphere in that it's essentially a large produce section with a few refrigerator/freezer/dry items and cashiers. It's convenient, but it's... cold somehow. I suppose that's why it's "Farm Market" instead of "Farmers' Market". Semantics.So, to the nuts and bolts. There's parking out front along Church St as well as behind the building, with entrances on both sides. I always park out front and enter through the bookstore, glancing to see if any titles pop out at me on my way into the market. There is  a specific area for the organic produce, then whatever seasonal "local" items are available. It's hit-or-miss with the origin labeling, but if you find Bev Sell, she can answer all your questions. Just look for her at the desk behind the register on the east wall or chatting up a friend in the cafe.There is a seafood vendor, cases of pastured beef, local eggs, dairy from Oberweiss, Twin Oaks' "More Than Tofu", some faux meat items from time to time, the Get Fresh Cafe, Sabrosa foods (think bell-pepper-based salsas), and a bakery whose name escapes me at the moment (Buttercream & Sprinkles perhaps). On Saturdays, a woman is there selling her homemade rolls that are absolutely fantastic.If you want to use your credit card, I believe it's a $10 minimum. Not difficult to meet if you grab some sodas.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/9/2013,40,107,,3,3>This place has everything. Bubble tea, yogurt, fixin's... well, ok, that's not everything, but it's still a darn good place to get a cool treat. I judge a bubble tea shop by how their taro flavor tastes... and this hits the spot. The  tapioca pearls are chewy without being gummy, have a hint of a sweet flavor without being flavorless (which is the worst IMO) and they give you just the right amount, as not to overpower the beverage. Also, they have a nice variety of frozen yogurt flavors and mix-ins. The fruit in the mix-in station is fresh, too - no soggy strawberries or decrepit soggy blueberries here! All in all, this is a great addition to MacArthur center - I just wish they'd open up a freestanding location so I wouldn't have to crawl through the teenager infested mall to get to it.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,7/8/2013,144,389,2,5,4>I eat at Anna's at least once a month. More when I can swing it. My Ham Radio club has it's monthly dinner here before our business meeting.  We sit, talk and catch up; enjoy our meals, while the attentive staff swirls in and out of our table, taking care of us. Tonight, we ordered a whole pie, with Philly cheese steak, and pineapple. Don't knock it. It is a great combination. The pie arrived. It is huge. Eight slices of more gooder-ness.  The dough was thin in the center, and thick and chewy on the edges.Great texture. Cooked thru so that the crust had structure; no collapsing slices when eating.  Dusted with flour on the bottom. .  The Philly steak was not over cooked, or greasy. It became a choice for me,  over their hamburger topping. It's real Philly steak, with the taste and texture of a sammich on a pie crust.  Large, sweet chunks of pineapple round this pie out for us. The staff is quick and friendly. Christina made sure that we were well looked out for. As we have made 'regular' status here, it is always nice to come here. Anna's has a weekly list of lunch specials now.Great pizza. Fast and friendly staff. Reasonably priced. Anna's honors a Senior discount, which makes an old fart like me happy.The food and service will make the rest of you happy.Highly recommended.@Removeyourhat
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,7/7/2013,50,105,,3,2>Yummy soul food ... Good for the soul & tummy on this dreary March Madness Sunday/St Patricks Day. Awesome shrimp and grits which are southern comfort food at its finest. We also had wings with buffalo medium sauce & mango habanero sauce - oh my. We just stopped in to get food to go, but look forward to returning sometime soon to try the rest of the menu - especially dessert!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,7/6/2013,255,146,3,6,4>Came here at sunset, the view was stinking amazing, and by the end of the evening you could see the reflection of the moon dancing on the water. We had the the fried oysters as an appetizer, they were delicious and the portion was just enough to get you ready for your main course. They provide some bread while you wait for your meal, which for us was not very long at all. We had the jumbo crab cakes and the hickory smoked salmon. Both dishes  were very good. Overall out dining experience was great. Our server was attentive, the staff was pleasant and the atmosphere was nice. But be forewarned, be prepared to spend some of that hard earned dough. If you are not on a balla status your pockets will take a hit for sure, but everything is well worth it. For this reason I give this place five stars because sometimes you can spend a lot of money and think "it was aight, wasn't all that", but here I felt I received my money's worth. I definitely recommend checking this spot out, I doubt you will be disappointed.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,7/5/2013,107,136,,3,3>The sun was out & daughter wanted to take advantage of the weather. Initially, I was spooked as there is a huge cemetery we drove into. The park lies right behind it. Wide open space, golf, driving range, & play area appeared well kept. My daughter loves the place so, that's all that matters. I like that it is not as crowded as other parks & I can easily see my child. We also spotted train tracks... I'd love to see how this place is when the weather warms up.  My daughter said it would be complete w/ basketball courts. I could be wrong but, we didn't see any.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,7/4/2013,48,178,2,2,3>What a wonderful night!!I hadn't been to the aquarium since I was on a middle school field trip in the late '90s so it was a real treat to revisit. My boyfriend had never been before so he had a great time exploring. The sea turtles were my fav. Just watching the fish & sharks swim was so relaxing. Great food & drinks. I could have taken the whole tray of tuna off of the server's hands. The pork & greens was oh so tasty.  We had a great time at my first Elite event!! Can't wait for the next one =)
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,7/3/2013,9,60,,6,2>Girlfriend and I had planned to try the new Bangladeshi restaurant around the corner from our house Monday night after work, but we were thwarted: they close at 6!  As alternative, she suggested Thai food.  I'd driven past Sawasdee last weekend and decided to bring us there.On a wet Monday night, the place... was empty.  We got there about 8:30 and were the only people there.  That did make for a nice, intimate date for us, but I hope the place does better business sometimes.  The interior's beautiful - they've put a lot of effort into the decor - our waitress was attentive and nice, and the food was excellent.  They've got a decent menu, not too long, but organized a little differently than other Thai restaurants I've been to.  There's the expected sections, but there's also a section devoted to duck.  And they had 5 or 6 curry options instead of just the usual 3 or 4.  But there's duck.  Duck!  I totally got the duck.After orders of a wonton soup (Katie's idea, I'd normally have gotten the tom yum or tom kha) and complementary salads (with a very nice ginger dressing), our entrees came.  Katie had ordered woon sen, which was a noodle dish.  It was described on the menu as having "mixed vegetables", which turned out to include carrots and baby corn (in addition to some other things, including zucchini).  She eschews both those vegetables, but after setting them aside she said she enjoyed the rest of the meal.  And she had enough for leftovers that were no longer in the fridge after Tuesday.  Personally, I thought the bit I tried wasn't all that flavorful, but then my Thai noodle dish of choice is drunken noodles.Anyway, who cares about noodles?  There's a whole duck section on the menu!  Not a big section, mind you, but enough that I had to choose between ginger duck and basil duck.  I went with the basil duck.  It was chunks of lightly breaded & fried quackbird stir-fried with vegetables, big chunks of Thai basil, and chili paste.  I'd probably ask for it spicier next time (if I can convince myself again not to get the green curry... I don't remember if there was duck curry), but it was delicious nonetheless!I loved it.  And I really hope they stick around.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,7/2/2013,26,148,,3,2>Wow. Even with a quality Japanese joint down the street from my place, I'll happily drive here for my Japanese fix. Why? Great food. And incredible service. I can't even begin to tell you how at home and comfortable Jordan has made me and my family feel every time we've gone there. We actually sit in his section only; he's been there every time, but if he ever wasn't we'd get back in the car and go somewhere else. This isn't a slight on the food or the other servers, but it's just not the same without him. There's a good selection of sake, and the fish has always been fresh. Yakitori is super good, as is the miso - nice and simple. A few TV's over the sushi and drink bars, and clean salt water tanks scattered about the place to keep the kids entertained. If you're reading this, just stop now and go!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,7/1/2013,33,30,3,6,1>Wow is all I can say about this little gem in the heart of Virginia Beach! I've heard so many people talk about that I had to go and check it out for myself. The menu here is HUGE!!! I swear my friend and I took 15 minutes just looking over all of the options here. I ended up ordering the lobster ravioli and some garlic knots. It was amazing and a big enough portion that I had to take some home with me. We went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and they really weren't too busy. The waitress we really nice and gave of lots of choices of what she tought was good there. Just make sure that when come here you pull into the right parking lot. The one nexted to it isn't connected so I had to go back onto Lynnhaven Rd and do a u-turn to get into the parking lot.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,6/30/2013,88,68,3,5,3>This is the restaurant I chose to celebrate 2 years of being together with my girlfriend and Zoe's did not disappoint!Growing up and eating food on a daily basis you're bound to be exposed to iconic culinary treats that just naturally are pleasing to eat such as Creme Brûlée or Bacon wrapped Scallops. Zoe's in Virginia Beach doesn't offer dishes with such straight forward flavor combinations yet still gives diners adventurous reinterpretations of the classics.  Case in point, the Foie Gras Brûlée and Lob POPS appetizers.  I'll admit it, I'm as much as a foodie as can be for what Hampton Roads restaurants have to offer and these were 2 dishes of 4 that I tried in a 4 course tasting menu. I mean both of these dishes just dare you to try them if you're of an open mind just by reading the descriptions. The Foie Gras Brûlée was accompanied by delicious Morel mushrooms, Saba (a syrup made from freshly squeezed grape juice), and chives. This starter was great because you got the texture of a perfectly cooked Creme Brûlée complete with spoon crackable sugar shell overtop but with the taste of Foie Gras that wasn't overly heavy but still carried the richness in flavor. It went well with the fried wonton chips they served along side of it which were the perfect accompaniment to contrast the silkiness of the brûlée.The next course I had was actually the main course which surprised me as I was expecting another app. I decided on the Balsamic Roasted Scallops served with Pancetta, Mark's 24 Hour Tomatoes, Pecorino, Pesto Aioli, Focaccia, and Balsamic Reduction. The tasting portion gives the diner 2 scallops about U-10 size which are a decent size (enough to use a knife AND fork). The pancetta was spread out in crispy bits, and the 24 hour tomatoes reminded me of the flavor of sun-dried tomatoes. Overall, a nice dish.  The third dish was the Lob POPS. Pops in caps on the menu because the use of... POP ROCKS! For the first time in my life I tried a dish in which Pop Rocks were used in a savory application and it did not disappoint.  The tasting portion consists of 2 bacon wrapped pieces of lobster meat which are tempura fried and served with a Blackberry reduction and garnished with Cherry Pop Rocks. That childhood memory of the sound of pop rocks immediately rushed back to me as the waiter laid the plate in front of me. I'd say it took me about a minute or two to finish the plate.  The blackberry reduction was a nice addition to the dish while the pop rocks served more of an auditory sensory experience and delivered less on taste.Last but not least was dessert in which I chose the Trio of Cannoli (which is actually a duo if you choose the tasting menu). I got the ones filled with Mascarpone and Chocolate Curls. They were small but the filling was light and airy like a mousse which was very delicious and not at all heavy like some traditional cannolis I've had in the past. A great way to end the meal... almost!  At the very end as we were settling the bill the waiter brought out various homemade jellies, a vanilla marshmallow, and macadamia nut cookie bite for us to enjoy on the house. If you're looking for a nice fine dining restaurant where you can either dress up or come in business casual and enjoy some great food using great ingredients with a mix of imagination then this is a place you need to try. Zoe's does well in departing from the same 'ol same 'ol and does so not only in having great dishes but great service as well.You pay for what you get and it's only pricey if you don't find you got enough value in the overall experience; fine dining or otherwise ;)
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,6/29/2013,533,177,10,16,13>AFK Books is awesome!!  I can't belive I hadn't been there before.  I'll be back soon!They have an amazing collection of used books that are in great shape!  I found my fav - Ernest Heminway and lots more.  I got "The Old Man of the Sea"  which I've read and now can read again.  They have used and new books.I also found some great Blues CD's.  I got Robert Cray and it is fantastic.I see also that they have an extensive collection of vynil albums too.I bought more than 20 bucks worth of stuff (books and music) and they said being it is over 20 - I get another 20 percent off! (I already thought I was getting a great deal - now I felt like I was robbing the joint).I can't wait to get back here.  I've been reading Ernest Hemingway and have been so moved - I might have to move - I hope they ship the books to my new Island in the Caribean.Jim
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/28/2013,72,106,,12,3>Ever since I moved to Va 3 years ago, I've been searching for a shop to call my own....I've done a lot research and decided upon Trinity. I made the right decision. Friday I decided was the day for a new addition so I just walked in and as luck would have it an artist had a cancellation. Not only was my artist Rama Bass cool as hell and didn't let me do what I always do and just stick a tattoo somewhere but he gave me probably my best piece yet. He spent a good amount of time with me drawing with a Sharpie right on my leg....We settled on what I liked and I came back later that evening to bring it to life. It was more than I imagined and I love it more each day.  Today I called as I have a lot more swelling in my ankle and foot than I have had in the past and they said to come on in and talk to Dave about it.  He set my mind at ease and is a pretty down to earth dude. His wife Melissa and I ended up chatting like we were old friends. At my age it isn't about the money anymore, it's about quality and most importantly about the Art....these people get that. If your looking for a piece of flash to just stick don't come here, if you want a dope ass piece of art this is where you want to be.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,6/27/2013,64,171,1,4,2>I love this place.  Co workers always rave about the BBQ ribs, but I'm more a fan of the locally grown fruits and veggies.  I got strawberries here once and they were literally the best strawberries I have ever tasted.  I can't wait for summer time to roll around again so I can get my hands on some.  We did try out the ribs and yes, they were fall of the bone, finger lickin good.  We also grabbed some potato salad and a few other kitchen essentials like tortilla chips and pepperoncinis.  (Yes, those are essential in my kitchen).I love this place.I need to make it a point to get my produce here.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,6/26/2013,96,146,13,5,3>Food porn......that pretty much sums up the experience here today. I was sweaty, at times I got dirty, and in the end I was satisfied. The portions are more then generous, even with the artichoke dip appetizer we started with. Brought to the table sizzling and bubbling, even the dip knew it was the "Dog's Bollocks".  Whole pieces of creamy artichoke accompanied by pita wedges enough for two people easily. The service was great even tho they were busy, gave us tons of time to decided on what to get and everything we ordered came out as requested and in a pretty short period of time considering how busy it was around 2 pm on a sat. Now lets talk about my thick cut bacon cheese burger.... The bacon was most likely cooked by Jesus in heaven from one of his prized Jesus pigs, and  then sent forth down to earth onto this mountain of a burger that was presented before me. From its arrival I knew for certain I was going to be dirty soon from handling it and also that it was going to be one of those burgers that had its own highlight reel of flavor moments where everything just comes together as sinful delight in you're mouth. The bun was like a fluffy but firm vault that held this beast together. Never tearing, never giving up , it held its own and was the perfect vessel for my glutinous hunger hole. The onion rings that I also had tag along for the ride to pleasure town were also fantastic and had a dipping sauce with them that worked perfectly. They were firm, crispy and most likely will have taken a year off my life from eating them all but ya know what?F$@#! that year. It most likely would have sucked anyways. So dig in.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,6/25/2013,509,292,10,10,7>EAT was suggested to me by Meredith V., on a talk board I posted a few days ago about romantic date spots that kick ass. She told me to trust her on EAT, so I did. Man oh man was she on the money with exactly what I was looking for. Dimly lit, fabulous drink list, mouthgasmic food, intimate setting.. perfect for a sexy night out with my husband. We began our evening with martini's and the Fire and Ice appetizer. Well, sweet holy balls of fire and ice, this plate was piled with seared togarashi tuna tataki, blue crab & tuna tar tare & wakame salad over a crispy wonton. I HIGHLY recommend this app. It was amazeballs. I had one of the chalkboard addition specials of the night which was some braised lamb on a bed of some fucking awesome shit that was out of this world and the Husband had the hasselhoff burger (brisket and chuck ground, white truffle mayo, cotswold double Gloucester, fried farm egg, half sour pickle and brioche sesame seed bun). We were both in culinary heaven. We finished the night off with a glass of port and the creme brulee.. Again, yummo. My only qualm was the bathroom situation, which is outside in a sketchy alley way sooooo I decide to hold it.Anyhow, go here now. Make a reservation, take your man or lady friend out and eat the shit out of EAT. It is grEAT. (I'm so lame)P.S. I cannot wait to come back here to try out the short ribs. I hear they are the best in all of the land.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,6/24/2013,119,199,1,7,5>Captain Groovy's is probably my favorite restaurant in the area...which makes it really tough to review.  You see, if I rave on and on about how incredible the Sunday Brunch menu is (Sausage and Bacon Fritata is to DIE for), then there is a huge risk that more and more people will start showing up, lessening the chances of me being able to walk right in and sit right down.But The Cap't deserves the review it earned, so here it is.  The short version:  Go here.  Now.  Drop what you are doing and get to Groovy's.  Just don't park in the hotel parking lot next door or they will tow your car.If you are a human being and like food, you will find something that will change your life on the menu.  I'm serious, the food is that good.  And a variety that will have you scanning for new items each visit.  I've been here countless times and have never ordered the same thing twice.The burger menu is interesting, including something called the Hangover Burger.  My advice would be to go out and get as drunk as you can tonight, then get someone to drive you to Groovy's tomorrow and try this out.  Let us know if it cures the hangover, I would suspect that the combination of egg and hamburger would do the trick.The vibe here is 100% locals joint.  You could dress up if you wanted to, but the usual is shorts, t-shirts, and flip flops.  When we feel the urge to dress up, the t-shirt becomes a polo shirt..Several of the reviews have mentioned the service at the place.  Yea, it can be a bit all over the place, I've had to wait a few times as well (after sitting down)...but...I find it a great break from the chain places that feel like they have to 'check in' on you ever 3 minutes to see if your digestive tract is still operational.  Get my order, bring my food, and leave me alone is, quite often, the recipe for great service...and under that definition, Cap't Groovy almost ALWAYS hits the mark!  If you are in a huge hurry and trying to squeeze in a quick business lunch, though, you should avoid this place for many many reasons.If you are looking for authentic local vibe with a menu that never ends, come to Groovy's.  Friday night they always have some cool Fish Fry special going on as well.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,6/23/2013,118,112,5,3,3>Being in VA for 3 years now, I think I'm finally getting the whole East Coast thing. One of them being seafood & OYSTERS!!Never would I have thought that I would eat a raw oyster and love it, let alone crave it.My man piece talked me into trying them, said that A.W Shucks had a great variety. Never knew there were so many different kinds and tastes of oysters. Our server told us pretty much everything that we needed to know about the oysters, where it came from and what kind of flavor it held. I loved trying the different kinds of oysters. They were very fresh and delicious. I eat mine with a saltine and cocktail sauce, NO slurping... baby steps.. We've been back many times and plan on keep coming back.We have also tried other things on their menu, and those did not disappoint.Can't say I'm a fan of the restaurants layout and lighting but I'll deal.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/22/2013,66,117,11,14,7>I'm not a kid anymore.  I'm not as flexible as I was once, my body moves a little slower than I remember and don't get me started on my cardio.  Years of smoking, drinking, fatty foods, big gulps, and other things that I shouldn't admit to have taken their toll on me.  I'm not saying that I'm completely out of shape;  I'm just not the nimble little ninja that I used to be.  But that didn't stop me from jumping around like a maniac in this place.I never had a trampoline while growing up.  But I would imagine that a single backyard trampoline would suck compared to the awesomeness of what Rebounderz has to offer.  There are a few rules you have to abide by, of course.  but just remember that they are in place to keep you from snapping your neck.  Be brutally honest with what your abilities are and you should be fine.  Don't go crazy parkour-style here unless you're looking for a leg injury.The best deal is on Thursdays where you can bounce for an hour for $8.  And trust me, an hour is a lot of time to spend on a trampoline.  After about 15 minutes of bouncing, throwing myself against the angled walls, and making failed attempts at landing a forward somersault I was pretty much wiped.  They do have a small snack bar for a quick pick me up if you need it (although drinking a blue slushie before jumping on a trampoline sounds like a horrible idea).  And if you want to avoid a crowd I recommend going later in the evening around 8.  It's a ridiculously fun time when there are only a few people there and you get full rein of the room.It's a great place for kids of course, but it's also a great place for adults too.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/21/2013,34,76,4,6,3>Sexy place, loved sitting outside today with the breeze.  GREAT wines, very unique.  Goat cheese and pear salad was fantastic and tuna sliders were fantastic.  Sing slaw salad was stange, don't order it.  Good fries.  Amazing crepe cake for dessert.  Brittany was a great waitress.  Entirely enjoyable experience for lunch, will certain go back for dinner.  Highly recommend, the other options on the menu sound great....many fresh ideas.  Oh, and cloth napkins too.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,6/20/2013,163,183,4,8,2>Dim Sum Sundays! I love Jade Villa! A bit sad that I don't frequent this place more often. First, it's a hole in a wall place, so please don't expect anything grand, because you won't get that here. Secondly, it gets ridiculously busy on Dim Sum Sundays! So if you can, send a member of your party ahead of time to secure your groups table. Lastly, contrary to popular beliefs, they do serve specialty Cantonese dishes aside from the typical Americanized Chinese food.Do arrive with an empty stomach. Do order Green Tea with your dim sum. Do ask for a pitcher of water for the table. Do park at the opposite end of the shopping center so you can get your "workout" before and after your glorious meal. Don't be rude. Don't expect any space, it gets packed. Don't fret if you don't know what to order, they can and will explain things to you if you ask. They also have menus to look at.  Don't believe any reviews, experience the food and the place for yourself!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,6/19/2013,46,196,3,3,2>As always the food and service were outstanding.  We ordered some wine and a pizza.  But tonight I caught onto a few things that I didn't notice in previous visits.  I kinda wanted  a nice salad but after the free garlic knots and bruschetta (the bread was not toasted under the salsa) were given to us I guess our waitress skipped over asking us if we wanted an appetizer.  After our meal we were given delicious, free pastries...including mini cannolis, never offered a dessert menu or asked if we wanted coffee.  Gabrielle needs to flip tables quickly and this is how he does it.  The line waiting, at 6pm on a rainy Saturday night was watching us and hoping we would be quick.  Gabrielle is a wonderful person....needs some Ritalin... but still a wonderful and smart owner.Perhaps he needs to expand, again, to allow his guests to not feel rushed.  Next time the hub will take the seat facing the entrance and I will take my time.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,6/18/2013,122,469,1,7,4>On a search for glass noodles, I had my husband stop by for take out one afternoon in VB. When I called, the owner who answered was so nice and took the time to explain where they were located and what would be good dishes that would travel well since we were out in Suffolk. I ordered the Jap Chae (for all my glass noodle needs), Pork bulgogi, and steamed dumplings. I had expressed interest in the bibimbap but she didnt think it would stay crisp on the drive but what she did do is throw in extra sauces, garnishes, and rice that typically come with that so we'd still be able to sample everything. I thought that was so hospitable and shows they really value excellent customer service. Everything was phenomenal! My husband ate his entire takeout box of pork bulgogi in one freaking sitting. We took lettuce and wrapped our entrees with it for makeshift lettuce wraps and added the extra red chilli sauce and kimchi and garnishes she provided and devoured our food. Oh and the steamed dumplings were awesome, nothing like the mush you order at standard chinese takeout places. You could tell these were made with love.I don't think I've ever had proper Korean food before but this has really given me that push to come out and try another meal here at the restaurant and experience the real thing in person. Outstanding service and food, I look forward to returning to give it that 5th star.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,6/17/2013,21,28,,5,4>This place is never disappointing.  I can't even count the number of times I've been here and I am pleased 100% of the time.  The pita is soft, warm, and delicious, the veggies are fresh, and the meat is mouth watering.  Most of the time I stick with the lamb and beef gyro, but I sometimes order the chicken gyro for a change.  It has a nice grilled flavor and has never been dried out.  Also, the lentil soup was a very pleasant surprise.I don't claim to be a gyro expert, but this is without a doubt the best I've ever had.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,6/16/2013,27,56,6,2,2>I've probably driven by this place a million times and chuckled while reading the sign, Donkey Dawgs, seriously!? I've never met anyone who went inside so I had to try it when I finally got a decent lunch break on a Friday. When I walked into this place I felt like I was transported to a diner out in the dusty plains of Arizona. The decor of the establishment has taxidermy from the moment you enter and also has an extremely creepy life sized American Indian statue/doll sitting on the table...weird yes, but I love weird! When I stepped up to the lunch counter I was promptly greeted and so I asked for a to go menu. I ordered up the cheeseburger w/ bacon, fried egg and grilled onions (I don't remember the title of the sandwich). Although my experience and wait here was short, I did manage to catch up on some farm gossip that I could eavesdrop in on from a couple of farmers right next to me, juicy stuff! All in all, I like Donkey Dawgs. The burger was pretty awesome but I wish I would have ordered the hot dog that the establishment is named after (maybe next time). If you pass by, stop in, you won't forget the place.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/15/2013,14,98,,7,6>For my birthday, I decided to book a private session at this studio with 8 other ladies. We had a blast!The instructor was very fun to be around. Energetic and enthusiastic about the class. She was very inspirational as she was a student herself and became an instructor. Miss Princess was very patient, easy going and very fun to be instructed by. Studio is a great place to try something new. The staff are awesome. Not once, did I ever feel self conscious about myself or anyone else. It is all about women empowerment and having a good time. I truly would be coming back to this studio.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,6/14/2013,121,170,7,14,7>I made my first of three or four pilgrimages of the year to Moseberth this past Saturday.  I don't know why I had this chicken on my mind, but I did for some reason.  I guess I wanted good chicken without the flavor overload.It was the usual wait - about 12 minutes.  That means you are getting something good, something fresh, and not something sitting under tanning lamps for hours.I ordered the Regular Dinner. It comes with a breast, a wing, a thigh, and a drumstick,  two small sides of Potato Salad and Cole Slaw, an order of fries, and a few hush puppies to round out the order.  The chicken at Moseberth is amazing, in my opinion.  It's crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  This chicken has much less seasoning than most others.  It doesn't seem to be marinated, one, and the dredge has just the right amount of simple seasonings -mostly just salt and pepper.  In other words, I don't feel that I need to drink a gallon of water both during and after my finger-likingness.The fries are always good and hot. The hush puppies are deadly, but once in a while I resist replacing them with the rolls. This was one of those days. They were hot and just G-O-O-D!The only negative are those sides.  They come from what seems to be 128oz. milk cartons...Yes, premanufactured.  I know they will never be as good as the homemade stuff.  Reese's make decent potato salad, but I'm not fond of their slaw.  I'd prefer they both be made from scratch, honestly. As long as the chicken shines, I can forgive this.The hot sauce at Moseberth is amazing.  I'm still trying to figure out if it's premanufactured or 'doctored' up.  It's not really spicy, but has a vinegary kick second to none.  It's the kind of stuff you find on Carolina-style BBQ, off-red with a strong vinegary nose, but has little heat and zero pepper flakes.  It's good to the last drop.I watched box after box of chicken, BBQ combos, livers, and gizzards make their way out the front door.  I love the chicken here, but I found myself wanting something different as well.  Maybe next time, I'll find the nerve to try something new here.This is one of Triple D's local finds where I agree with yo' boy, Guy.  I haven't had the same good luck with most of his local finds, but this one is a keeper.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,6/13/2013,114,446,2,4,1>So I'm a bit prejudice. I LOVE this place!!!! They just about know us by name ..... we go here so often. Drunken Noodles rock~ spice level 3.  The whole fish....is a MUST ORDER(level 4 spicy). Fabulous!!!!!!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,6/12/2013,31,234,1,9,4>The consistent theme of all the reviews seems to be that service here is outstanding. I am very pleased to report the same. Richard was our waiter and he went above and beyond. Personable, helpful, spot on with drinks and food. A waiter I would actually request should we return. Besides, he complimented my ridiculous shoes. No quicker way to my good graces.And yes, the interior was lovely.  Soft lighting, wood detail and the painted tin ceiling made it feel earthy. The fake oasis of plastic trees should be thrown out with a quickness. The huge Italian themed posters were not my taste, but worked well enough.Now onto the meal. I enjoyed the house martini. We were given a single piece of fresh bread each with a garlic butter. The appetizer was a duck spring roll with a peanut dipping sauce. I had a caesar salad with my seven ounce filet topped with gorgonzola butter and a side of garlic mashed potatoes. The boy had the special with rock fish, roasted sweet potatoes, and sauteed vegetables. Dessert was a apple cinnamon cheesecake. This came out to about a hundred dollars, which seemed reasonable to me.The specialty drink was very strong. So props to the bartender,  I just nursed that all night. The bread was baked fresh and came out warm, but wasn't particularly noteworthy. The butter on the other hand did not fear the garlic so I was a huge fan of. The spring roll was good. Fried crisp, filled with duck, and the sauce was a great compliment. But I wouldn't order it a second time. The caesar was lightly coated with dressing so all the lettuce was crisp. There were large shavings of parmesan all over which I love, but it lacked a touch in flavor overall. The filet was cooked a beautiful medium rare, maybe just the slightest bit over. I thoroughly enjoyed the goranzola butter, but maybe should have saved that for a different cut. A good filet should stand on its own as a star. The steak was buttery and one of the best I've had. Yet, I felt without the butter lacked in seasoning. The garlic mash was a sad cry from the garlic butter earlier in the night. I had none of that flavor. A creamy, velvety side as it was this was clearly a dish that needed seasoning. Jeff ended up adding salt and pepper, which I think you shouldn't ever need to do if something is prepared correctly. The rock fish was poached, which Jeff loved; light and satiny. Here we disagreed slightly as I prefer a little more texture. The roasted sweet potatoes and the sauteed vegetables were done very well. Whatever fault we may have found during the meal, Jeff easily forgave them all when we tried the cheesecake. I know my review on the food is very nitpicky. I actually enjoyed the meal as a whole quite a bit, and between the service and the ambiance they earned all four stars. I just feel like you can be more open about shortcomings with fine dining. They are striving for perfection. So the criticism is meant to help them get there. I would go back again.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,6/11/2013,29,248,,6,2>Maybe it's the lights, or the paint on the wall..One life is one of those gyms that i look at from the outside and go " im not sure why it feel so special- it has everything every gym has" ( well,except for this great kids mini adventure pool .. thats only one life folks)Im from NJ, and back home i go to Golds gym, and not every golds, just this one thats ridiculously far away from my apt because it just feels good being there. Thats how i feel about one life.Pros:-I go during rush hour, and i can always get a machine. -The facility is always clean- bathroom, machines, walls, etc-There's always staff roaming around ( easily spotten with their blue polos)-Rates are comparable to other gyms ( 40/month with contract)- They have a huge pool, squash court, basketball court and cardio cinema!- Staff are nice- Many tvs ( usually on boring channels, but still tvs!)- they have daycare-plenty of parking, even when they're busy- multiple classes for when one is not self motivated.- a women's only section!-smoothie barCons- one really huge one- that i can not teleport this gym when i move.- small con- the hours. I wish they stayed open later on weekends.- also, the tvs dont have subtitles. It helps esp. when i want to listen to music and watch tv simultaneously.Great gym, nice people who mind their own buisness. Youll see all types of people here- some who look like they just came from prison ( because of their great bodies) and some who look like dinner to them. Women, and men both work in harmony around weights. Sometimes eye candy, sometimes id rather close my eyes, but i ALWAYS  get a great work out here!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,6/10/2013,104,345,5,22,9>We waited a couple of weeks before coming to Braise just to give the staff some time to work out the kinks that every new place has when first opened. For those not in the know, Braise is Bobby Huber's new restaurant located in the space that was once Forbidden City.  Somewhat confusingly, Forbidden City is reopening shortly in the same strip mall so don't let the signage fool you.  Just focus on the Braise sign and you will be fine.Anyway, we met a group of friends and ended up as a party of eight.  They easily accommodated us as there is a large dining room in the back of the space.  In fact, the dining room is enormous, which is quite deceiving when you first walk into the separate bar area.An initial disappointment was actually with the bar.  There is no cocktail menu and the list of wines available by the glass is meager.  Any restaurant with this much reputation behind it needs a cocktail program not only for the customers who like to start meals with a cocktail (That would be me!) but it also helps the bottom line.  Having customized cocktails that you can charge higher prices for helps to supplement the razor thin margins on food.  If nobody on staff has cocktail talent then hire somebody who does.The same goes for wine.  I understand that they really want to sell wine by the bottle but limiting the by the glass selection isn't the way to do it.  Not everybody is going to drink an entire bottle of wine with dinner.  I would have to carry my wife to the car if she drank a bottle by herself.The menu is studded with dishes that Bobby Huber has been well known for at his previous restaurants.  Many are absolute flashes of genius but others can be hit or miss as we discovered.  This night turned out to be one of the few times I chose better that my wife did.For starters, I did his famous oyster stew and it deserves every accolade it gets.  Plenty of fat, plump oysters, none of which were overcooked.  It is decadent with bacon, cream, corn and a good dollop of mashed potatoes mounded on the middle.  A nice crostini on the side would have been perfect but that is my own preference.  My wife chose the softshell and "lobstah" app.  While the softshells were passable, the lobster portion left her wanting.  There were only a few pieces of lobster and none bigger than the nail on your pinky finger.  Flavor was wanting as well.For main courses, she choose the rockfish over orzo mac and cheese with crab butter.  The fish was excellent but her mac and cheese was actually cold to the touch.  The execution fell just a bit short but the concept of the dish is sound.  The kitchen might still have a kink or two to overcome afterall.  We discovered that with the dessert as well.  Her rhubarb crumble was cold and the topping wasn't crumbly at all.  Keep tweaking back there, kitchen folks.But the star of the night was Bobby's lamb shank with blue cheese polenta.  This dish is a grand slam home run in the bottom of the ninth to win game seven of the world series.  Holy arteriosclerosis was this thing a dish to behold.  The lamb was fall off the bone tender and lacquered with an incredible sauce that I cannot even begin to describe.  The blue cheese polenta was the perfect foil.  Sharp on the palate and smooth on the tongue at the same time. I barely managed to keep using my fork and knife as I fought the urge to pick that shank up and gnaw away on it.  I came very close to throwing etiquette out the window.  It was the best lamb shank I have ever had in my life.The shank earned a star all by itself. The rest of our experience was a three star kind of night.  There is plenty of potential here.  They just need a little more fine tuning.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,6/9/2013,16,97,,4,2>Best place I've eaten at since moving here.  Period.  Caribbean flavor made with love.  I mean, whoever cooks in this kitchen cooks like they are in their own home, cooking for family and friends.  Drove by this place last night, after trying to get tacos (long story).  My husband ran in and got the take out menu.  We decided to get dinner.  Fast forward.  We brought our food home.  The shrimp in the shrimp curry were fresh and perfectly cooked.  The macaroni and cheese was just the way I like it, cheesy.  Plantains, tender and browned just right.  The rice and peas (beans) were good, but not my favorite part of the meal.  I will certainly return to Mystic.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,6/8/2013,59,90,,2,2>The fresh squeezed OJ is perfect.  Stuffed French Toast is one of the best I've ever had.The home fries are good with onions.The Sweet potato pancakes are really good. The tables are a little close together so if you are claustrophobic "be aware" I've only come here for brunch on sunday and the place is packed everytime.Last time I went there was solely for the corned beef hash and the portion was VERY small compared to last time I got it.  Definitely suggest anyone in the wards corner area looking for a quality breakfast spot to go here.  The prices are about average for a bruch/breakfast/lunch place.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,6/7/2013,27,62,2,3,2>Uh-oh... I think I'm going to become a lunch regular here. This place is right down the street from my work, and they have a $10 sushi buffet?! Win-win.Buffet has the usuals -- volcano rolls, california rolls, spicy tuna, etc... as well as cooked food like tempura, edamame, noodles, even fried bananas!.... lots of good options, all nice and fresh, and replenished quickly in the buffet. Staff was very friendly too!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/6/2013,74,230,3,9,5>I stopped by Cafe M this morning to give breakfast a try.  And, overall I can safely say that I will be back.  When I walked in, I was greeted by Missy, the owner, and I placed my order.  I got the sausage and gravy bisuit with egg and a banana streusel muffin.  The muffin was a nice start to the meal, moist and delicious.  It's made fresh every day and you could tell it was made recently.  Very good.  The biscuit with gravy and sausage was good but not great for me.  The biscuit itself was really good, again made in house and had great flavor.  The sausage, which is also made there, lacked whatever seasonings you need to make it sausage.  It was good but not quite "sausagey" enough.  The gravy needed more salt, in my opinion, and I told her that when she asked for my opinion.  The sandwich itself was only OK for me personally.  The best thing I ate was the pumpkin donut holes.  She had some ready as I was finishing up and I had the chance to try them warm and right out of the oven.  Dear heavens those were good.  I would go back for those alone.  Again, they are made in house and from what I can gather they go quickly.  If you want to try them, get there early.  So, to sum up my overall impressions, I am a fan.  It wasn't a perfect meal but there was enough there that was good to make me want to go back.  The pastries were definitely the stars of the morning and I will be back for those at a minimum.  Missy said they have meatball subs (which my wife loves) on Thursday lunch and tacos on Tuesday so we will probably hit it for lunch soon too!  This is a new business that is locally owned and trying to build itself up.  Give it a try and see what you think!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,6/5/2013,175,64,,15,10>Great menu selection with several Dry Aged Beef options. There is a good variety of sides and equally as good of a variety of staters to pick from.The wine list is still a work in progress but has some good options ranging from medium to high end.The ambiance is exactly what I would expect to see for a high end steakhouse at the beach. Dark wood, big hidden booths, high ceilings, oval wrap around bar, clean lines, lots of glass & vintage pictures of old Virginia Beach. It reminds me of "Chicago Chop House," but with a beach vibe.Other than a few small growing pains that's expected from a brand new Restaraunt, the service was great from the time we sat down until the time we left.The quality of the food exceeded my expectations. If I had to make one critique; I'd suggest considering eliminating the fried onions that get topped on each steak entree. I believe it takes away from the high quality beef.We are sure to be back again. I'm also looking forward to checking out Brunch.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,6/4/2013,54,55,,6,3>The taco is the meter stick I use to judge the quality of a taqueria.  The first time I came to El Rey, the tacos didn't have enough meat and the tortillas were thin and dry as a result.  I was disappointed and resorted to ordering other items, some of which are better than others.  (Pupusas and burritos here are very good.)I gave the tacos another shot recently and was blown away.  The carnitas taco I had was easily the best Mexican food item I've ever eaten in Hampton Roads.  Served in the traditional style with a homemade corn tortilla hot off the press and succulent, crispy chunks of pork, diced onion and cilantro, I can say with confidence that this taco stands up to any version I've had on the west coast where I'm from.Check out the picture.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,6/3/2013,23,129,,5,3>I went here for dinner on a Tuesday night with a friend. I had always wanted to try this restaurant, because it is conveniently located on Colley Avenue near the Naro theater. The restaurant has outdoor seating and a stand that holds their menu and daily specials. We walked in and was greeted with a pleasant hostess who ended up being our waitress. The place gives off a chic, modern yet retro, romantic vibe. The phone at the hostess station is a cool old school red one that you can picture Marilyn Monroe women using while smoking a cigarette. There is a bar in the back as well as an adjoining room with lounge sofas. My friend and I opted to share the fried oyster appetizer ($11) and the pan roasted pork chop entree ($22). The fried oysters were delectably prepared on a bed of shredded lettuce and drizzled with a citrus remoulade. Our waitress suggested we prepare the pork chop medium; perfect choice. The pork chop was succulent, moist and bursting with flavor. I was surprised at how well they cooked it. Alongside it was a skillet of macaroni and cheese, which ended up being a larger portion than I had expected it to be. The portion could have sated a small child. The additional pairing of roasted tinged brussel sprouts made it a great meal. They offer 50% off select wine bottles on Tuesdays, and they will recork it for you to bring back home for free. I think they also have a happy hour from 3-6pm too.I was afraid that I would be underwhelmed but this place, but my experience here was exceptional. I would definitely recommend this place for a dinner date or for a semi upscale dining experience. The food was deliciously prepared, and our waitress was one of the nicest ones I've experienced in a long time. I would recommend this place if you ever plan on catching a movie in the Ghent/downtown area. Make sure to bring a partner in crime with you though; you may feel a bit out of place eating here by yourself for dinner.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,6/2/2013,62,212,2,6,3>I rarely give 5 stars unless the place knocks my socks off...and let me tell you - I LOST mine at this place! It's a small little restaurant located near a somewhat questionable area of Norfolk (Park Place...eeek)...but maybe that area is getting an awakening...thanks to the Dirty Buffalo!The smell when you walk in is nothing but chicken wings, and that's ok! It's not a greasy smell like other wing places, it's a nice saucy chicken smell that ignites your nose and makes your stomach grumble and scream FEED ME MORE!!I ordered the Dirty Chick which consists of two meaty chicken tenders tossed in your choice of sauce (I opted for the sweet bbq at the recommendation of the girl taking our order) on top of home fries smothered in mac-n-cheese. Anything that is SMOTHERED in anything must be good, right?? WRONG - it's delicious! The mac-n-cheese is outstanding. I could have ate an entire pan of this stuff, well not an entire pan but I sure would try! The home fries were cooked perfectly - crispy with a light golden color. The chicken was tossed in the sweet bbq with the perfect amount of sauce and didn't make my chicken soggy at all. I will be back for this again!! My boyfriend ordred the hot wings and they were HOT. I usually order mild wings, but he made me try these and my lips were on FIRE. He also had an order of the poor man's wings - fries tossed in your choice of sauce. His were tossed in spicy bbq. The spicy bbq was on point!I will be back, oh yes, I will be back!!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2013,5/30/2013,159,120,,9,1>Today was my first visit to Stove, The Restaurant.  First impression:  The quaint neighborhood location was def off the beaten path.  But, I must admit that the location does set it apart from other eateries...especially those in Norfolk/VB.  It's a rather small location, offering ample street-side parking, even if a short walk is required.I sampled one of the cheese platters, and was impressed by the local honey featured.  I also had the green salad, which features a super-tangy mustard oil dressing, that's a win in my book.  Finally, I had the shrimp and grits, Étouffée, and scallops.  Now were the dishes the best(most fattening) ever??  No.  But, the key to these dishes, is the use of ripe veggies/tomatoes, to provide great depth and taste, without the heavy butter, ect. we southerners are accustomed to...Bottom line, very filling, good, and light.  A winning combination for a "Neo Southern" joint.  I do suggest researching this eatery...and giving it a try...Solid 3.5 stars (may be worth 4 stars)...and I honestly would recommend a visit...
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,5/29/2013,84,331,3,4,2>What a cute little bakery! Very cozy inside the nice-sized Victorian house, although I opted for the outdoor seating (two tables on the porch) because I had puppy dog with me. I came here specifically for a spinach and cheese croissant, but they had already sold out when I got there around 10 on a Saturday morning. I had three macarons instead, one of each flavor at $1.10 a pop, and they were perfection. The lime one was my fave. I had a bite of some kind of apple pastry, which was also tasty.Nice variety of baked goods, but you may want to call ahead to reserve your favorite treats. Friendly staff.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,5/28/2013,63,152,3,7,3>I'm not sure how long Master Kim has been in this area (I'm pretty new to Hampton Roads) but I do know he's been teaching for a long time. I brought my boys here about a month ago and haven't regretted my decision at all. Master Kim is wonderful with children small and large. I can already see a marked difference in my oldest with the way he helps around the house as well as his self confidence. If you have children you should definitely check out Master Kim's Hapkido. And if you don't have children, they have adult classes too! I'm even thinking of signing up, after I limber up...like a lot, lol.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,5/27/2013,157,510,,5,2>Nice people, good food.  I am glad there is a mom and pop burger option in Fairfield Shopping Center so I don't have to eat at McD's or 5guys.  Pete's is a small space in the strip of stores perpendicular from Taylor's Do-it Center. They have a grill they use to cook up dogs and burgers.  Yes, you have to wait a few minutes for it to cook, and it might be a buck more than a big mac, but you will enjoy it more. Stop on in and give the local place a chance.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/26/2013,17,153,1,4,2>Cool place.  My daughter goes after school on occasion and had informed me about the House Cup deal: $2 (includes tax) gets you a mug of coffee, plus a refill.  Pretty good deal for a budget-conscious consumer like myself (read: "cheap bastard").  Tasty, non-fancy, good stuff regular coffee.  There are several tables inside and out. We settled in at a small table in the old sleeping porch area.  Beautiful day with the windows open.  Because the building used to be a house, it is divided up into rooms,  Not fully enclosed, mind you, separate spaces, but still relatively open.  It makes it easy to separate yourself a bit if you like, and cozy into your little area.  They have some games out on the porch as well if you are so inclined.  I will definitely return.  I'm having a hard time understanding how anyone could walk into Starbucks with this place right across the street.  So much more character, and local.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,5/25/2013,13,19,,3,2>One of the first things you'll notice about El Taco Loco is that it is packed...all the time. This place is always hopping whenever we go. Lunch or dinner, full. I think that says something about a place.El Taco Loco has a large menu with everything from appetizers to "house" specials. The service is good, everyone is friendly and sometimes give you a little ribbing in good fun. I also like being called "amigo", yeah I know, it's gimmicky and cheesy, but it adds to the atmosphere and feel of the place. There is plenty of seating and one of my only complaints would be climate control. During the winter it gets very hot in there; if you're wearing a sweater you'll be burning up in no time.The food is good and comes out at a decent pace. Of course you get your chips, salso and white sauce. I love the white sauce, I can eat that stuff all day long. This is probably true for most Tex-Mex places I go to though. You can get table guacamole, made to order in a huge wooden bowl that looks like a pipe. So if you see that put at a table expect to see someone pick it up and act like they're smoking it. It'll get a chuckle the first few times.The shrimp tacos are good and my go-to is the slow braised Carnitas. You get huge chunks of pork that have been cooking for long time. It also comes with a grilled Spring onion (that sounds fancier than green onion -G) and jalepeno. Portion out the bites for a good chew.The bar is fully loaded so you can order whatever you want barstool or at the table. Big margaritas and a few of the typical "Mexican" beers.If you like Mexican-American food, check it out. It's good.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,5/24/2013,10,91,,2,2>Wow....where to start! First, this place is a hidden Chesapeake gem. Definitely worth a visit from newbies and a return visit from us. We met our friends here for what I thought would be the busy time-5:50pm on a Friday night. Strolling in though there were only 2 other couples there. Seeing this I was starting to doubt my choice of restaurant but once my Tempura (shrimp) appetizer arrived all doubts were cast aside. The batter was extremely light and crispy and the vegetables delectable. For an appetizer I got 4 shrimp and 3 veggie pieces. It was quite filling. My husband and friends all had the spring rolls. We're used to it being a serving of 1 roll. Each serving had 3 and they were delicious! Unlike any I've had before. The salad was lettuce and a tomato but the dressing was delightful! I don't know enough about Thai food to know what it was other than yummy! I had the Mango Chicken and while being sweet, I enjoyed the heck out of it! Enough of it that I'll be snacking on it later. My husband had teriyaki chicken and he said while it was good, it wasn't as hot (temperature wise) that he's used to but he generally eats his food steaming hot. Which is why I'm not letting it factor into my review. He likes his mouth to be on fire and that's not normal. lolThe experience just gets better as we go. The wait staff was extremely attentive but not hovering. We were there for 2 hours and as we enjoy our meal more and more folks come in. Never once were we pressured to give up our table nor did they rush us out. The emptiness? The restaurant only had our recently vacated table open plus one more. Don't let the fact that it's in a strip mall scare you away. You'll definitely be missing out on something if you do.Oh, try the dream roll for dessert. You won't be sorry!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,5/23/2013,38,55,,5,2>I was thoroughly impressed with this place. It was my first time here and the servers were really helpful. One visit was enough to convince me to write a review. Simply put, it is the Asian version of Chipotle. You can instantly smell the fresh ingredients as soon as you enter and there are plenty of options.I ordered a citrus rice bowl with soy tahini beef, garlic bok choy, corn & peppers sauté, red curry (spicy), seaweed salad, pickled cucumbers, and purple onions. It was delicious. This is definitely a place my friends and I will come back to frequently. #YYC
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2013,5/22/2013,196,641,,3,2>I love historic theaters! There is something magical about them- they take you back to their hay day with their golden trim and ornate decor. This little theatre is a sweet venue with a small amount of seating, and not the best acoustics but great charm! I hope they continue to receive generous donations because further aid would help this spot to really really shine!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,5/21/2013,263,519,3,8,8>I was hanging with Xerxes Saturday evening. It was snowing and nasty out but we got to talking about pizza and decided to go and grab a slice or two. We were already out at Lynnhaven mall and what's the closest quality pizza from there? That would be Brothers over on the corner of Great Neck Rd and VB Blvd. Our server took our order as soon as we were seated and in no time at all I had two gigantic slices of pie in front of me. I had them singe my slice a bit as I like the thinner crust of these slices to be a little crisper. Before starting I was thinking I would grab 2 more slices to go. My eye's were bigger than my stomach though and the two I had were enough. The next day 'Cold pizza test' will have to wait for another time. BTW Bothers is open late too. How late? About 3am if I remember correctly. One other thing I want to point out, and posted a picture of, is that they have a pizza eating contest of some sort. It's a 24" pizza with 3 toppings shared between 2 people. If the prize is cool I'm gonna need a partner to take on this challenge. Who's with me?
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,5/20/2013,18,133,,4,2>I'd been wanting to try the lunch buffet at Nawab for a while after the rave reviews and finally got a chance to go! Overall, I had a great time but think some of the reviews might be a little exaggerated.I came on a sunday around 1pm and after getting to the place (which doesn't have the most inviting location) there were only a couple other tables taken. No one really greeted us when we got in so we wandered to a table until someone finally saw us and seated us. The buffet itself isn't as big as I was expecting, but the food overall tasted great! They have a salad section with rice pudding and several dishes with curry and chicken. I'm not an expert on Indian food so I can't be more specific than that (my cultural ignorance). They did have naan, which would probably be enough to make me happy, but unfortunately they kept running out for some reason. One disappointment is that they didn't have samosas, which I thought was expected of Indian buffets (guess not!).The inside of the restaurant was updated and nice (unlike the outside) and once we were seated, our water glasses were almost always full. One note about the lunch buffet- It says it goes until 2 (at least on Sundays) but they started running out of dishes at 1:30 and packed up at 1:45, so don't push your luck if you're trying to catch the tail end of it!Bottom line: Not the biggest indian buffet, but the food tasted good and the atmosphere was nice too. For the price ($9-10) I thought it was a great deal and plan on coming back! They should be more truthful to their own set buffet times, but maybe that's only a problem when it's not as crowded.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/19/2013,62,168,4,6,5>So I was looking for a new spot to try on Yelp! and saw some photos of the humble Sweet Potato biscuit sandwhich on a beautiful simple white plate.  How could I turn that up?  I called my friend and we hopped in the car over to Handsome Biscuit.  The *only* reason this place doesn't get a 5 stars is because there are 3 tables (but I'm sure with how good their food is, this won't be an issue for long and in the summer I'd be completely happy to eat outside).  So, we felt a little rushed as people were eyeing our tables enviously.  But you didn't come here to read about seating arrangements, you want to know about the food.  I had the AC Slawter, the pork was simply fantasic with some lovely spcing, and the hotsauce and biscuit complemented it so well.  Toss on some thick slaw and you got a great sandwhich.  If you're a big guy/gal you might consider picking up two of these (what can I say, we live in a super size 'murica).  If you're looking for a right size portion though, just get one, you won't be disapointed.Two gentleman asked how our meal was, and it wasn't just a check-mark on some list, I genuinely felt like they cared about how the meal was.  This place oozes "Hip Local Joint" and makes Starbucks feel like a McDonalds.  You want awesome food, with good spice, at the right price, Handsome Biscuit, I'm a fan.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2013,5/18/2013,38,231,,4,2>A very nice selection of wines although the 'by-the-glass' options were more limited.  Only full pours are available unless having a flight (samples of any are allowed before committing which is nice).  I chose a flight of reds for $12 and was very happy with the selection.  Staff were very friendly and informative.  Dave & Dee's Mushroom small plate (oyster mushrooms in garlic & butter with a large portion of brie and a baguette) was a delicious accompaniment to my flight.  Not my first visit here and not my last.Thumbs up:  service, variety, taste, quality.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,5/17/2013,63,174,5,5,3>The older I get, the more I try to stay out of places like Rigoletto Bakery.  For every piece of tiramisu, it's another hour at the gym.  For every eclair or cannoli, it's forty-five more minutes.  For every piece of fresh, homemade biscotti, add twenty more minutes on the treadmill.   You get the general idea --- this place is just a fabulous bakery, and I have absolutely no control.I think it's been almost four years ago that Gilda Di Dominico, a very active and pleasant lady who's originally from Naples, opened Rigoletto in VB's Red Mill Commons shopping center.  She was almost immediately featured on Triple D, and hasn't had time to take a breath since then.  Rigoletto's main emphasis is on baked goods, and I have yet to find a local spot that does a better job with the rich, custard or mascarpone-filled pastries that so excite me when we travel to New York City's Little Italy or Brooklyn.  Additionally, there's a huge supply of wonderful cookies, cakes, glazed fresh fruit pies and fresh breads offered; and the menu has recently been expanded to include a selection of homemade soups, salads, and fresh paninis, assembled with their own handmade Foccacia bread.  I've not sampled their food items, but the plates coming from the kitchen when I'm there for bakery items all look very inviting.Rigoletto's prices are a little above other fresh bakeries in the area, but I think, on a dollar-per-pound basis, and certainly on the basis of quality and just downright yummyness, Rigoletto is superior to the other two in this area that I still enjoy visiting.  And there is nowhere --- I'll say it again, nowhere --- within Tidewater that makes a fresher, more creamy, more delicious cannoli or eclair.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/16/2013,66,187,2,3,2>Holy, dumplings, Batman!  I dream about them and want to go back and have a WHOLE order to myself.  YUM.  Also had the chicken Kung Pao which was amazingly tender, flavorful, and not over seasoned.  It didn't feel heavy or saucy like cheap Chinese food.  Friendly staff.  LOVED IT!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,5/15/2013,183,190,8,4,4>WOW!!! What an ass clencher!!! What I mean by that is the entire time the cirque performers were flipping and twirling from 50ft above barely hanging to anything but a red curtain, you couldn't have fit an ant through my bunghole almost the whole time!  You know, these guys blatantly risked their lives to entertain us tonight---you have to give 5 stars for that and they truly deserve it.This was my first time at a Cirque du Soleil show.  I was incredibly impressed.  The precision, the strength, the control...wow, I am so envious and struck with awe.  And they just keep giving it to you.  It wasn't like just a couple of impressive acts with some acting in between, it was like wham, bam, can't even breathe again and again.  I think I need a massage after this because I was just on edge the whole time.  I kept thinking I would have to run to the stage at any minute because surely that chick is going to fall from the ceiling and break her neck.I highly recommend you go buy tickets while they are still in town...just a few more days.  It is money well spent!  And for God sakes people, don't bring your baby!--LOL
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,5/14/2013,65,174,,4,2>I had no idea what to expect walking into this brick building that looked like it was probably just a pool hall inside. It is in fact a well designed, beautiful inside with nice tables and a friendly owner. Don is a passionate man with great ideas. Connor brewing walked around and let us know about the cool things they had going on during the week- definitely must try! The beer was fantastic, strong, and flavorful. I had the Guapo and it was very good.We sampled the spiciest of jambalayas, Brussel Sprout Salad, and the Bloody Mary Mussels. All were amazing. Let me say, though, that the brussel sprout salad was DELICIOUS with goat cheese and whatever the hell else. Amazing!!!! I'll be back for that! The service was friendly and definitely on top of things. They also let us sample some of their cocktails and they were delicious and sweet. Great place, great owners, and a perfect first Elite Event!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,5/13/2013,83,478,3,6,2>OK - I'm not going to lie.  I was in a bad mood when I arrived because it's off a few of the small streets in downtown Norfolk, which I typically avoid like the plague, but I was following my gal from Aveda here, Katie.  So when I saw she was still cutting someone's wet hair when I showed up on time I knew I'd be in for a wait... so I was grumpy.... Anthony and Co. is located in a small shopping strip/mall area but they do seem to have plenty of parking (a big plus for me as I HATE street parking) and is nestled in between plenty of little specialty shops and restaurants in downtown Norfolk, so if you are already in the area for a haircut you could plan to shop and eat and spend some time after or before... The space itself isn't really large but it was big enough.  There were about 6-7 stations for the stylists with 3 shampoo sinks and 3 of those little chairs where the little ladies with curlers sit in - no idea what they're called.  The inside reminds me of an art deco loft or something with wood beams and bricks.  It's not really to my contemporary tastes but it was by no means unattractive or run down.  The entryway is very nice and clean with the products displayed very nicely and a large welcoming front desk.  They also seem to be very supportive of local artists as there was artwork for sale hanging up all throughout the shop and Katie invited me to another artist's debut next week.Even though we started a little late  Katie was quickly forgiven.  I did wait for about 25 minutes but I realize people sometimes run over or early - it is what it is.  We did our usual consult about what I wanted done, she offered me a drink (water, tea, soda), and since I had checked in via Yelp I got a free leave-in oil treatment offer with my check-in so that was nice. Katie has been cutting my hair for about 3 years now, since she started at the Aveda salon in Virginia Beach so it was a no brainer to follow her here.  I trust her, I like her, she's always done an excellent job, and she knows my style.  Also, as I mentioned in my other review of her at the previous location - the time flies while sitting in her chair because she's very very friendly and chatty and it makes the time fly.  I used to dread going to get a haircut but, because I know she's not going to cut off 4 inches more than I want, I look forward to going and getting my hair done and having girl talk for a while.I got a partial highlight in blonde but we lightened it up a little more for summer, and she explained that Anthony and Co is a little more expensive because they use the new hair dye that doesn't have ammonia in it which dries your hair out less - and I am all for that!  So I got my color, leave-in oil, and cut in the span of about 2 hours where we got all caught up from my last appointment (about 4 months ago) and chatted about everything from Real Housewives to auto immune disorders to bad traffic in the area.  I love coming to Katie because, while she is EXCELLENT at what she does, she is very easy to talk to and remembers the little details about what's going on which is impressive when it's 4 months between seeing each other and she has tons of other people she sees.  Anthony and Co. provided me upon leaving with a nice little first-timer gift bag that had some color-treated hair samples of little shampoo and conditioner bottles that are probably enough for about a week of use and a coupon for $10 off my next purchase.  Which was a cute way to treat a first timer.My partial color and cut ran me about $100.  Which is about standard for that sort of thing with a good stylist and can actually cost much more.  You cannot leave a tip on your credit card or debit which stinks, I never have cash, but since it's so centrally located I walked the two blocks to the ATM and got some money to leave a nice tip.  So bring cash if you're a tipper!All in all - I had a good experience and my hair looks, as always, fabulous!  I'll be back.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/12/2013,69,206,2,7,6>It is impossible to have a bad meal at this place, seriously!  It's a downtown Norfolk must-do for lunch -- especially on Wednesdays, it's gyro day and the line for these things is usually out the door by 12:15. I think the cooks must be perfectionists, I don't put as much work into Christmas dinner as these guys do into every sandwich.  Everything is fresh and delicious, from the fries to the salads -- oh god, the salads.  They have great salads, I've tried 4 of them and every time I think I say 'this is my new favorite'.  When you get a salad with chicken, they give you a whole grilled chicken breast, same thing with the salmon and the steak. They do not skimp on anything. My favorite sandwiches are the Mexi-Cali chicken and the Figgy Piggy - these sandwiches could not be any more different or awesome. The Mexi Cali is an entire chicken breast with bacon, roasted tomatoes and pepperjack on chewy ciabatta -- yep its as good as it sounds. The Figgy Piggy is roast pork with a sweet fig glaze and gouda cheese. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable for the amount and quality of food you get. Seriously check this place out. I'll be in the corner booth eating everything on the menu.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/11/2013,464,705,,4,2>What a great place that opened up here at 201 Twentyone! I hope the retail spots continue to fill and I don't have to drive anywhere for great food! You'll pass this place by if you're not looking because it's covered in scaffolding at the moment. They have more flavors than any other frozen yogurt place in Norfolk including Skinny Dip. They have many of the same toppings that you would find anywhere else and they also give a 10% student discount! Lots of place to sit and they are open from 12-9pm on weekdays and 12-10pm on weekends. Come in and have some yogurt! Let's bring some food traffic to this side of Ghent!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,5/10/2013,44,162,,2,2>I have seen many Broadway plays at Chrysler Hall and have almost always been pleased with the performances. This past Saturday's showing of Les Miserables was a first class performance in every way. The props and costumes were outstanding and some special effects were a great surprise. The addition of the parking lot across the street made it so easy to park and we were out of there in less than 15 minutes after the show was over. The teleprompter was very helpful with this particular play because every word spoken was in song. It is a small theater but much more comfortable than many in NYC. I saw "Chicago" in NYC and everyone wore black tights. I've never seen a play in Norfolk that did that. Hats off to the orchestra; they were fantastic.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,5/9/2013,12,78,2,2,2>Yep, the food is still as good as when I was here last. I think they expanded the inside of the restaurant since I was here last. The space is still the same, but they extended the counter so there is more seating.I got the Cowboy Burger again (why change a good thing?) and it was awesome. The bacon was cooked just right and crunching. The onions were nice and caramelized (I'm not an onion person so I'm very picky about which kinds I eat). And the fries were once again pretty good. I think they might have over fried them a bit this time, but the overly brown color could have been because of the cooking oil. They still tasted ok. I saw onion rings that came out the same way.Hope I'll be able to make it out here again more often.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/8/2013,34,139,,4,3>We stopped in here for some drinks on our way home from dinner at Town Center on Saturday evening.  It's a great little bar.  The place was pretty busy, but a woman greeted us on our way up to the bar and took our drink order.  They had Woodchuck, which was a bonus for me, and the beers were cheap.  We weren't here long, but we enjoyed ourselves and will definitely stop back in for drinks again.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/7/2013,1,20,,3,2>By far the best mojitos I've ever had, and I've been to Mexico and the Caribbean! The staff is really friendly and welcoming. The environment is cozy and feels warm and inviting. The food is sensational, I wouldn't give the presentation five stars necessarily but the taste outweighs anything that the presentation lacks. My favorite place at the oceanfront!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,5/6/2013,121,78,,7,3>An eclectic, wonderful taste adventure. This place is great for its atmosphere and food. I had the wonderful Charcuterie plate (TASTY duck, salumi - yes, it's called that, and chorizo), a sample of the duck tacos, a great tuna tartare, and a rockfish special that won the head chef the title "Iron Chef Hampton Roads". There was a BRILLIANT vanilla cream sauce that fit the dish PERFECTLY.Unless you are a fan, avoid the pear/arugula salad. It was too bitter for me and there wasn't enough pear to merit the dish.For dessert, we had a blondie, a brownie with vanilla ice cream and a lovely sea salt caramel glaze. For a drink, try the Ramos Gin Fizz, a slow mixing concoction that takes 15-30 minutes to mix the ingredients perfectly. It tastes like a creamy key lime pie in a glass!Great bar, great food, decent service. Def will return to try more dishes!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2013,5/5/2013,64,156,,4,2>This is a drink, eat and try not to have meaningful conversation sort of place - at least after 5pm. It was packed, people standing in the walkway with no sort of order. A fire hazard in my honest opinion, but apparently typical. Perhaps if we had not been seating in said path of people, but more in the actually seating section, it would not have been so overwhelming. - The happy hour was wonderful to our wallets, I drank several of the "Monthly Specials" which stayed at a whopping $3 a glass no matter the time. My husband got a few Guinness in before Happy Hour ended and switched to water. - We had the cheesy crab dip with fresh bread for our app - it was crazy good. More like a small crock full of crab dip served with an equally delicious, small  loaf of fresh bread. - My husband and I both ordered drunken ribeyes, and I was quite disappointed. There are two steaks on the menu - one that is specifically labeled a Teriyaki marinated steak and then the Drunken Ribeye. Which having read thoroughly, and confirming with my server - makes NO mention of ALSO being soaked in teriyaki. But that is exactly what it tasted and smelled like. I was completely saddened. I specifically did not order the teriyaki steak because that's not what I wanted. The Drunken Ribeye is described as a perfectly normal, delicious meal - not what I got. They were cooked to temp though, so I ate about half of mine before being overwhelmed by the marinade & my husband ate the rest.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/4/2013,93,171,2,4,2>Food Craft is one of my go-to spots for breakfast in Newport News.  You can tell by the constant wait on the weekends that something good is going on inside.  I can't say I would try to pop in on the weekend with a party of more than 4, just because I imagine the wait would be endless, but for a small group you end up seated in less than 20 minutes.What are you eating?  Check the specials board!  I was able to get pumpkin pancakes in the spring.  As the girl eagerly checking grocery stores and coffee shops for the delicious pumpkin flavor in late August, it was definitely a pleasant surprise.  But that's not why I bring people here.  The chicken and waffles are delicious!!!  I don't know what they put in those waffles, but they're amazing.  Cover them in warm syrup with a chicken wing on the side and I'm a happy camper.I was disappointed that on the first nice day of the year the patio was closed - but I'm sure it will be open once the weather gets a little more consistant.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/3/2013,38,86,8,4,4>YES! YES! YES! You guys do not understand how long I have been looking for a non-chain doughnut shop!  Not since I left California 18 years ago have I had a true old fashioned chocolate glazed doughnut FRESHLY BAKED!  Y'all just don't know what this means to me!  My kids had cupcakes and want more (and I can't blame them...I just left and want to bust a u-turn to gi back).  I'm seriously about to loose the Biggest Loser challenge at work!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/2/2013,28,86,,4,5>If only I spoke spanish so I could give the appropriate commendation for this lovely mexican place. muy bueno (thats all ive got)I am a self-proclaimed mexican food connoisseur , so it wasn't easy picking my FAVORITE place in virginia beach. It gets points for having the best WHITE SAUCE. i'm addicted to the stuff & this place makes it thick with all the right spices.Secondly, the seasonings they use are slightly spicier /different from other mexican resteraunts..which makes it stand out to me. I love a little extra spice (especially on my chicken dishes which can sometimes be a little bland).Thirdly, their drink specials are pretty good because they offer them on the weekends, unlike most places which are strictly mon-fri deals.Lastly, their service is excellent. We always have the same waiter & never any complaints. He is fast, efficient & never lets our cups go empty for more than a couple seconds. The only complaint I have is with the location..why so far from me? It's borderline chesapeake, but I still will make the trip from time to time.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/1/2013,99,254,2,4,2>A long-time local let me in on this secret. Monday night 75 cents tacos? Yes please! Though initially I was bummed because they only offered the ground beef 75 cents taco, they did do a vegetarian version with beans for the same price.I was blown away by the shear number of vegetarian and vegan options. I got a platter with the house-made vegan 'chicken' chorizo tacos that comes with a side of black rice and beans. The taco filling was unbelievably tasty. Rich, lots of texture, and just full of flavor. The beans were well seasoned too and were delicious in their own right.When I asked for a side of guacamole, I was told it was an extra 2.99 charge - and it came out in a container the size of shot glass. I could have gotten a bag of avocados for that. And for the record --- waay too much lime in the guac. Eh, I'm going to let it slide because I guess they have to pay for 75 cents taco night somehow. And with all the veggie options for me, I've got nothing but love for this place.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,4/30/2013,40,107,,6,2>I really should kick myself for not trying this place sooner. Thankfully I lack the flexibility to do so.I ordered pho w/ brisket & well done flank, the boyfriend ordered a mushroom cheesesteak w/ fries, & we shared a coconut juice because we're cute like that.The pho was ready in the amount of time it took for us to pick a spot to sit. No lie, it was less than 2 minutes. His cheesesteak & fries came out about 3 minutes later. Everything was delicious! In my opinion, this is some of the best pho I've had in Hampton Roads. Nice & beefy broth, with a hearty portion of beef & noodle. The cheesesteak is HUGE, with lots of cheese & fillings so you'll need a fork & knife to enjoy if you wanna stay dainty.If you're in the area you must stop by and give these folks your business. The service is very friendly, the food is both flavorful & plentiful, and everything is very reasonably priced. It may not look like much on the outside, but really, who picks restaurants based on the exterior decor?
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/29/2013,50,105,,5,2>If you drive by too quickly, you might miss this place.  Even if you see the signs from the road, the lack of decor and such might dissuade you from going in. Don't believe the (lack of) hype.  It's a small, cozy space, and when we visited they'd put some tables out front, but it was too cold for us to linger there. They have grenade and growlers (32 and 64 oz, respectively) to go, and pints and smaller glasses for tasting. Their beers are pretty good. I'd initially ordered a Sourpuss, and the bartender was nice enough to let me taste it before committing to a pint. Great idea, as it was definitely too tart for me.  I did find a few other beers that I really liked, and we filled a growler we'd brought along for that exact purpose.We were there on  Friday afternoon and there was a sizable after-work crowd, and everyone seemed pretty laid back and friendly.  It sounds like on weekends thy have food trucks there too, which I think is brilliant.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/7/2012,4/28/2013,31,70,,6,2>Let me start off by saying the best thing about this place is the self-serve wine bar (like a soda fountain station but MUCH better! :-) ) as well as a self-serve beer bar (15 choices, some local breweries). Very cool! You can purchase the wine by taste ($1.39), 1/2 glass, or full glass. There were approximately 12 reds and 12 whites to choose from. Can you say FUN?Now, onto the food. Average, at best. I got the Chicago Southside Pizza. I'd give it two stars. My partner had the tilapia...again two stars. We ordered the triple chocolate cheesecake to go and that was average.Service was extremely slow, even when the restaurant was 1/4 full. Slow, slow, slow. Good thing the wine bar kept me entertained!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/27/2013,155,241,2,7,6>I'd driven past Chow on many occasion and kept saying I had to check it out. Based soley on the signage, mind you. I finally went last week with Yajaida P (since neither of us had tried it before) and I have to say I was beyond impressed. First of all, they offered 3 different types of pork belly preparation. I LOVE pork and pork belly has to one of my favorite cuts when it's done right.Chow did good.So after I ate half of Yajaida's pork belly (sorry about that) I dug into my fried chicken and sweet potato pancake. Just wow. Nicely seasoned and crispy fried chicken with still moist and tender meat. Cinnamon-y laced sweet potato pancake with butter and syrup was really good but had they gone with the more traditional waffle .. it might've just been perfect. Still super tasty.We also ordered a side of collards and they were great. Well cooked with a nice vinegary tang and a tiny bit of kick. Perfect, if you ask me.The cornbread was also perfect. Simple. Not dry. Good flavor.We sat at the bar since the wait time for a table was something like 20 minutes. Our server/bartender's name was Jenny and she did an amazing job. I like knowledgeable bar staff so when I asked Jenny about some of the beers on tap she did a fantastic job describing them.All in all this was a great experience. Great food. Huge portions and really friendly server.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,4/26/2013,107,136,4,7,4>Wow...So, I haven't ordered Chinese Fast Food in a long time and it is few and far between I find one that "wows" me.  I was immediately greeted with a friendly "hello" by two people.  I saw actual pictures on the wall of dishes unique to their business as well as the standard pics one would see at other Chinese Fast Food establishments.  Everything looked clean and faces were pleasant. I was not rushed to order.  I initially ordered the Shrimp Lo Mein and Crab Rangoon.  The Crab Rangoon was perfect and got straight to the point.  There was a significant amount of creamy filling. I like they use the thin wontons versus the thick.  There was no need for the sweet and sour sauce.  The Shrimp Lo Mein was pretty good!  I enjoyed the many plump shrimp (for fast food Chinese) and the texture of the noodles.  The noodles were definitely al dente'.  This dish was not greasy and not too salty.  I loved the veggies.  I would have liked to see the onions cooked maybe 2 mins longer to make them just a little more sweet.  It had the crunch but, was probably too strong for the standard palate.  My cousin and I enjoyed the undercooked onions but, my other cousin thought it was too strong which I tasted as well.  So, it is a matter of preference.  For me, this is the 1st Shrimp Lo Mein I have enjoyed in a very long time.  Flavors were balanced.I hesitated to order the dish I really wanted, SALT AND PEPPER SHRIMP, but based on reviews and Ping, the owner, discussing the dish w/ me... I ordered it and am sooo happy I did.  When it was ready, she allowed me to try a bite.  It was absolutely DELICIOUS!!!  The shrimp were mediums w/ vein and super fresh..not frozen. I grew up around the shrimp business and believe I may have some credentials regarding fresh shrimp. hehe I feared the Salt and Pepper Shrimp were going to be too spicy or too salty for others I was sharing with but, they LOVED it.  One of them doesn't even like spicy food.  I'll definitely be ordering this dish again and dining in so it's crisp and fresh! I even enjoyed the fortune cookie.  Definitely not from the same distributor most of the restaurants get their fortune cookies from. I've already spotted several other dishes I'd like to try such as Jalapeno Chicken, Lobster Fried Rice, Lobster Lo Mein... Sounds so good!  So, we'll see!  I'm also interested to see what kind of pancake they use for their Moo Shu... From the genuine, humble, and kind people that worked there/owned the spot to the food.  Never thought I'd have such a positive experience ordering Chinese Take Out..but, wonderful things CAN happen.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/25/2013,26,148,,4,6>Having spent the majority of my life in SoCal, I gave up on ever finding a place with good Mexican food.  I've tried Plaza Azteca and all the other local places, and while good they're not great.  Ladies and gents, this place is money.  Swear to god I thought I was back in San Diego.  Someone commented that the shop was in the ghetto...please.  Yes there's a laundromat next door, and it's in a working class neighborhood.  It's not like you're driving into Compton for Roscoes Chicken and Waffles, or into Chula Vista for real Mexican food.  It's a nice open strip mall with a parking lot.  It's safe, and they're friendly.  There were at least two elderly caucasian couples (obvious return guests), as well as other young folks chatting over meals while a construction crew covered in plaster and paint enjoyed theirs.  The food?  Amazing, just like my grandma would have made (if she wasn't an elderly Filipino lady trying to get me to real Filipino "pood")!  I got the steak tacos which were right on point.  My wife got the sopes which she loved.  For variety I got the chimichanga as well, which was ok...not great, but I'd order it again.  Rice and beans were also good, so I'm not sure what to say about that.  I'm also not sure about the hot sauce comment - maybe he was talking about the salsa with the chips, because that was just salsa for the masses, and I don't usually expect it to be overly spiced...the OTHER red sauce was definitely on the hot side, as was the green (in yellow/red mustard/ketchup bottles).  It's the good hot, too...not "burn your mouth so you can't enjoy it" hot, but "why am I suddenly sweating" hot.  $2 Coronitas for happy hour, too!  Could things have been better?  Sure...chips could have been crispier (I think they fry their own); everything else is just preferences based on prior experience rather than them being wrong.  If you're ordering to-go, sidle up to the counter and they'll take your order; if you're eating in, have a seat wherever you can and they'll come to you.  Pay at the cashier.  The attached tienda had some great pastries, and all the votive candles you could need.  So why go here?  Two things:  the food (above), and atmosphere.  International soccer games playing on the multiple HUGE flat screens, music overhead, and decor that makes you feel like you're not in Norfolk anymore.   This is a place where the result is greater than the sum of its parts.  Give it a shot, you're doing yourself a disservice by using the other area restaurants to set your bar for good Mexican food.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,4/24/2013,255,146,,11,5>I came here with some friends to celebrate a retirement. I didn't know what to expect but was looking forward to it since a Yelp Elite event was scheduled to be here (I figured "It gotta be good right?"). Well, it was more than good, it was great! They are currently only open for dinner. It's a quiet little Italian restaurant established in a building that is over 100 years old. Softly played music and tables with candles in glasses help set the ambience. It was a tad bit too dark in there, but they provide individual reading lights for those who need it to be  a bit brighter to read the menu. This location is definitely for adults, you can bring the kids, but this place isn't geared towards completely accomadating them.The servers were on point. When presenting the specials for the evening, John and Marina appeared to really know the menu items, sometimes when servers do this it sounds like they are regurgitating something they learned for a test. The staff was very attentive. I suck down my drinks like a camel, but the server's assistant kept my drink full the entire time, even after I finished my meal. The meal was preluded by some freshly baked Italian bread. We had a group of 16 and shortly after ordering we received our soups and salads that came with some of the meals. The salads were huge and can definitely be shared. My wife and I had the Tortilini Mannino and Polo con Pepperoni , both dishes were super-delicious. Though I was stuffed I made it a point to get a dessert because I was enjoying my dining experience so much, I felt compelled to try a scoop of their gelato. What separates this Italian restaurant from others is their attention to all of the small details. I was completely sold when we asked for to go boxes, they boxed the left overs and wrap it with plastic wrap to help avoid spills during the drive home. I'm sure many can relate to the dreaded moments when it's time for the members of your large party to check out, those waits to close out can be irritating, but they handled us quickly without issue. I will definitely come back to this location and highly recommend Mannino's to anyone who likes Italian cuisine.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/23/2013,72,106,,3,2>So, my hair turned out awesome! I've been so scared to get my hair cut as I have had several bad haircuts since moving here.  Shari was awesome! Made me feel like we were old friends chatting while she cut my hair.  I was so nervous when I walked in but soon found myself enjoying her company, not nervous at all while she snipped away.  Honestly it is a down to earth place, not uppity like a lot of places. Just cause a place may cost $60 bucks for a haircut and serves cucumber water does not mean you will get a good haircut. I went to a place like that and ended up with a mullet! The price of a cut was completely reasonable. I found my hair girl an I will be back as long as I'm living in Great Bridge/Riverwalk. Thank you Shari, I know to some its just a haircut but for me it's something I've really missed since leaving Chicago.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/22/2013,144,389,2,6,4>I had been hearing a lot about Anzio, so decided to give it a try for lunch today.Now, I went low road, ordering a Roast beef and cheese sandwich off of their lunch special menu. Honestly, I do not know anything about the ethnic dishes that they serve here. Gonna have to do a little reading up first.Restaurant was clean, with a moderate lunch crowd. Visited the facilities and the men's room was clean.My meal started out with a appetizer bowl of selioma soup (which I had never had before). It reminded me, some what of egg drop soup. It was quite good. The sandwich came on a cut 8 inch roll, which was soft and springy to touch. Roast beef, cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo (I substituted mayo for oil and vinegar) and a large side order of fries.All of my dishes arrived hot, and were seasoned correctly (remember, Lone Star = salty).Although, I did not order pizza; there is a special going on now, buy a large at full price, get a second at half price. The toppings selection looked interesting.I am looking forward to returning here, and trying out some of the ethnic dishes. A lot of the names of these items are familiar, but things I have yet to try (looking forward to having borscht). Now to find a polish restaurant for some honest to gawd hand made pirogi's...Anzio offers a Senior, Military, Police/Firefighter and teacher discount. There was a open WiFi signal coming in, so I was able to access the net on my tablet.Recommended.@Removeyourhat
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/28/2012,4/21/2013,88,68,2,6,5>Strong Margaritas in oversized glasses, unlimited chips and salsa served with that mysterious "white" sauce, sizzling platters of fajitas, and cheap eats through any large number of combination platters from #1 to #30 or more.  These are most of the things people in the Hampton Roads area would expect from a good Mexican restaurant in the area.  If these were the only qualifications then you may just pass on Alanna's Tacqueria altogether. However, you'd be missing out on a nice "hole in the wall" restaurant with good flavor and good value. Oh and they deliver too within the area!Alanna's Tacqueria is located in the same shopping center as The Egg Bistro and Tokyoto off of Kempsville Road. Nestled in the corner of the shopping center the eatery is a small place with about 10-12 tables/booths, a big screen tv, and a notable oversized fork and spoon on the wall reminiscent of what you'd find in most Filipino houses across the nation. I admit when I saw it I cracked a little smile.  There is also a "bar" area where you can sit and watch the cooks making your order.  I went with my girl and some good friends of ours one night to try it out. The meal started with the standard fair of chips and salsa (which looked pretty fresh being that it was more of a blend of diced tomatoes, onions, and chopped cilantro with no sauce binding it together) and also verde and rojo dipping sauces. The verde (green) sauce was nice and mild in flavor but the rojo (red) sauce was rather spicy and almost had a burnt flavor to it. From there we each had a large order of the "Carne Asada Fries" which is a staple item anytime I go out west to Cali at a Mexican restaurant. The fact they had them here was a pleasant surprise.  The fries themselves tasted like seasoned fries you could get at a Walmart (nothing wrong with that as they blended in well with the rest of the dish) served with seasoned steak, guacamole, sour cream and mexican cheese it had a lot of good flavor and for its size was a good deal. I only wish the fries were a little crispier, but then again with the amount of topping loaded on top it's understandable.We took another look at the menu and I noticed that although they don't serve margaritas they do have the standard fare of Mexican and American beers. They also don't have a single item on the menu above $10 which is great!  I ended up getting their Super Burrito which is a large burrito filled with rice and beans and sauce along with your choice of chicken, steak, or pork. I got the steak per the waiter's recommendation and to say the least was very pleased with the ratio of steak to everything else.  It may not be the size of your typical "California Style" burrito but it was packed with I would guess to be close to a pound of chopped steak which was very flavorful and ITIS worthy!  One of my friends got the California Burrito with chicken which had the same things my burrito had but instead of rice the burrito was filled with french fries.My girlfriend and our friend got the Fish Taco Plate which consisted of 3 corn tortilla tacos with fried mahi and shredded cabbage and sauce served with rice and beans.  The only drawback to the tacos was the sauce was pretty nuclear hot which took away from the good flavor of the fish which had a thin crispy batter and was served in big chunks in the tortilla. For dessert we got the fried ice cream which was $3.95 and some churros which were $.99 each! Mind you the owner told us they're pretty much like the ones you would get at an amusement park, but I thought they were much better since they were crunchy on the outside and soft and cream like in the middle. All that was missing was some chocolate to dip it in. Alanna's Tacqueria also has daily specials like $1 taco Tuesdays and kids eat free on Thursdays. It's a nice hangout spot to get some good mexican food that won't break the bank and will leave you full and satisfied. "It is what it is" and I'm OK with that.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,4/20/2013,533,177,4,11,7>I went to Japan Samurai last night with my son and we both loved it!  I have never been to a Japanese Hibachi Restaurant before and this was a great dining experience.  The staff was pleasant and prompt with seating and drink orders and it wasn't long before a Chef appeared and started to put on an amazing show with things flying through the air and flames shooting up from the grill.  I loved the flaming volcano that he made with onions.  The food was plentiful and delicious.  We were served a Miso soup and a small salad with a ginger dressing before the main meal was prepared.  I had the Steak and Shrimp and it came with lots of veggies and rice.  My son Chris had the Veggie dish and it looked great and he said it was delicious and there was plenty of it.  I can't wait to go back again to this place.  I have posted a few photos on here.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,4/19/2013,96,146,6,5,5>I used to work out here, not that you can tell because I look like a fatty sometimes but trust me I used to and I looked awesome doing it...  Its a very large area, benches, lakes ect, I use to take my sand bag and drag it up and down the hills, that will wear you out son, I mostly would look at the Pull up bars and in my mind I could do them but I found out im really good from hanging from them and looking like i have no business on them instead... At least I'm good at something with them. But moving back to Mt Trashmore, Lots of parking, Lots of activities, casual or sportive, You should check it out, even tho its built on-top of a huge pile of hot garbage, don't let that fool you. This is one of the few things in VA beach thats free and worth it with the right weather. Now get out there and fly a god damn kite... literally.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,4/18/2013,68,22,1,10,6>The first time I tried french macarons was at Chantal Guillon in San Francisco.  Ever since then, I've been on a search for local bakeries that offered some.  I'm no macaron connoisseur, but I know the difference between a poorly made (stale, wrong consistency) macaron & a fresh, high quality one.I first experienced Terebinth's macarons at a friend's wedding.  It was their wedding favors, and I was so thrilled to see macarons on our table that I ate them right away :P  They were perfect!  The texture was soft, the crust was thin/egg-like, and the filling was just right.  As soon as I had the chance to ask where they ordered the macarons from, I google mapped it right away.  I was happy to find out that Terebinth is near where I work!I've been here a few times now, and I've never been disappointed with their macarons.  My favorite flavors are nutella, earl grey & salted caramel.  They offer different flavors each day and they do run out sometimes (I've had my few shares of going too late), so I would recommend calling ahead.Based on their macarons, I would give this place a 5 star but I'm giving it a 4 for now because I have yet to try their lunch & other pastries.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/17/2013,119,199,,4,2>Ok, right up front you have to realize that I'm very prejudiced toward The Norva because they embrace the local music scene and feature local bands whenever they can.  But isn't that the essence of a local music venue?The sound system here is state of the art and crystal clear with zero ear stress at the end of the evening.  As good as it gets for real!I've been lucky enough to photograph several shows at this venue and go backstage a few times.  If you are a touring band, this is the sort of backstage that you love to see!The variety of acts booked here is fantastic, there is something for every taste with many national touring acts passing through as well.  The more intimate setting gives you an instant connection with the band.  But the vibe from all of the years of concerts remains, you can sense it in the walls!  This place has heard lots of really good music over the years and shows no sign of letting up.  I'd put the Norva up against any other like sized venue and know that she would emerge the victor!There is minimal seating on the side of the venue, so get used to standing.  VIP gets you upstairs with a few extra perks, if I'm ever going to be in town long enough, it would be a no brainer to get VIP for a year, the shows are that good!If you want to get into the shows early, make reservations to eat at the JewMo Backstage and get a jump on the general admission crowd.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/16/2013,509,292,4,7,4>Let me preface this review by saying I was diagnosed with scoliosis when I was 12 and have had back problems all of my life. I have tried everything under the moon and stars to absorb some sort of pain relief before going as far as surgery which scares the poop out of me. I recently saw my primary care physician who referred me to Coastline for a couple herniated disks I have and wrote me a referral since they are dealers of the DDS spinal air decompression belts and other rehabilitation medical equipment. Their office is located in a beautiful location with extremely helpful receptionists. I went in to get fitted for my back belt last week and could not have been more pleased with the professionalism and helpfulness the two men who fitted me showed. I was not uncomfortable at all and anytime one of the men was going to come anywhere near my skin or lift or lower a piece of clothing, they would let me know and make sure I was OK with this. Sometimes these fittings can get a little creepy and intimate since you're dealing with areas that show ass cracks and tits and whatever else people you aren't sleeping with shouldn't see, but these guys were great. Thank the good lord above for insurance because this piece of equipment was $800 and I didn't pay a penny, but that's beside the point. We went over all the paperwork and both men said if I ever needed any help to please call. If you are ever referred to Coastline, trust they will help you and show extreme professionalism. One of them men, Jim, even gave me a recommendation for a pain management clinic he though would be in my best interest. Thank you, by the way. This belt is the JAM.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,4/15/2013,66,117,3,7,3>You know what's classy, warm, friendly and absolutely cool?  This place.If you've read my list of bars in this area, you know that I enjoy drinking on the cheap.  Usually you can find cheap drinks at dives and places off the main road.  And I love these places.  Havana Nights is hardly a dive and it's right in the center of Town Center.  But they still have cheap drinks! ...at least at happy hour.Happy hour is from 5 - 7.  Wells are $3, Domestics are $4, House wines are $5, and Mojito and Margaritas are $6.  Doesn't sound impressive, but the well liquors are Absolut, Bacardi, Jim Beam, and Bombay!  The house wine is a seasonal selection by the sommelier and the Mojitos and Margaritas and are just really really good!And this is just such a cool place to hang out in.  Most happy hours are filled with loud people eating chicken wings, drinking Miller Lights on tap, and hearing how crappy their days were.  Sometimes, you want to just relax in a quieter place where you can actually talk to your friends without yelling over a bunch of drunk businessmen next to you.  This is that place.  Here you can kick back with your friends in the Jazz bar area (which is beautiful and acoustically perfect), listen to some music, have a normal, non-shouty conversation with your buddies, and guzzle down some $3 Bombay G&T's.The entire staff is extremely friendly and Dana is more than willing to take some time and show you around the club.  Every aspect of the club was designed with a huge eye for detail and specificity. And you feel how proud he and the staff are of how cool this place is.Give this place a shot one day after work.  Like most guys, I wear a tie and slacks to work.  And as much as I love to belly up to the closest happy hour after work with my friends to grab a drink, there are lots of times I feel way too overdressed.  Havana Nights is the best place to go after work when you don't want  to risk getting wing sauce on your pants.Really, really classy joint!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,4/14/2013,34,76,2,3,1>We had a reservation for Christmas Eve dinner.  Not crazy about the beet salad with goat cheese.  Scallops as my entree were fantastic and I requested they be made without dairy and the butter was not missed.  I had a bite of someone's key lime desert in a jar and I would have ordered it had I known how wonderful it was.  I LOVE a good desert that isn't chocolate and isn't cheesecake and I'm so over crème brûlée. Not crazy about my in laws so I enjoyed large amounts of wine and the warm atmosphere and friendly (and cute) servers.   This place always makes me so happy I could sit there all evening.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,4/13/2013,21,28,3,6,3>Borjo is delightful.  Everything that I have tried so far has been a wonderful surprise.Dark roast coffee: good.  I drink my coffee black and don't have high expectations wherever I go.  It didn't taste metallic or watery and I didn't get a mouthful of coffee grounds, so it was a win for me.Chai latte: I now want one every day.Pumpkin muffin:  I had zero hopes for this as it was afternoon and it was sitting in a display case, but it turned out to be pretty good.  It was moist with a nice light pumpkin flavor and some icing on top.Powhatan sandwich: Three cheese, avocado, bacon, and tomato on a grilled multigrain bread. This was not on the menu (special - not sure for how long as it's been up there for over a week I think).  It was fairly light and really tasty.Brie plate: This is listed on the "small plates," but is a generous amount of food.  It came with a large wedge of brie cheese, raspberry preserves, and nice slices of grilled bread.  It was very enjoyable.Breakfast panini (add bacon): Perfect ratios of egg, cheese, and bacon.  It had really nice flavor and wasn't even a little bit greasy.  I have to have napkins for everything and I totally forgot to get one with this sandwich because I didn't need it!The service is excellent and friendly, the music is always good, and the patrons behave themselves.  I don't recommend it (or any coffee house, ever) for serious studying, but if you want to look over some work or meet with a friend, this is a good place for it.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,4/12/2013,21,240,4,5,4>After the talk thread the other week and the reviews, I wanted to check this place out.  It has been about 10 years since I've into a comic shop, as I walked thru the door I was greeted with a friendly smile and a hello, that was nice since I was obviously new to the store, as their regulars came in they greeted them by name, nice touch.  The store is very clean and well organized.  In the '90s I used to collect Image comics because of the quality art work, high quality paper and unique story lines, I found several of my old favs in the used bins.  I was happy to see a couple still going strong like Spawn and Witchblade.  All the new issues were well displayed and easy to see.  They had lots of cool collectables, card sets, a large gaming area and they even had drinks and snacks.  A very nice cool place!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,4/11/2013,27,56,,7,1>This place had only been open 6 days when we decided to try it out but I think they have a lot of potential. When my wife and I walked in we were greeted to some loud reggae music. There wasn't anyone to seat us so we just grabbed a booth along the wall. Shortly thereafter, the waitress brought us our menus. I really liked the diverse barbecue styled items on the menu. I have been to a handful of barbecue spots around Virginia Beach and none of them really grabbed me. Smoke From Above has a pretty decent menu and Whitner's isn't bad either but there isn't anything very exciting on the menu; luckily Smoked Out prevails! Their menu ranges from beef brisket cheesesteaks to bbq chicken wafflestacks, I dig it. I ended up going with the pulled pork platter w/ hush puppies and a side of mushrooms. The pulled pork was pretty awesome. It didn't come with much sauce which I think is great, you get a chance to enjoy the meat without sauce saturation. The hush puppies were pretty damn good but I wasn't that big a fan of the mushrooms since they were cooked in beer....just my preference.All in all, I will be coming back to Smoked Out. The food was pretty awesome and they seem to be able to book some good live music. I'm amped to try the brisket next time!Side note: The wait staff is horrible, worst I've ever seen. This place could definitely use an episode on Kitchen Nightmares!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/10/2013,46,196,,5,4>I am in this shopping center at least once a week and have eyed this place on many occasions.  From the outside it looks like a dirty little greasy spoon, today I went in.  It wouldn't be fair to say it was similar to Dorothy opening the door to Oz but I felt more confident is getting a decent lunch once I crossed the threshold.  It's bright and clean inside with a row of red covered booths going down a long wall.  I grabbed a shiny stool at the counter.  Jenro's grown son was behind the counter, he told me that him and his dad opened this place in the 70's instead of building a tree house.  They sold hot dogs and bean soup.  They still serve those items but have greatly expanded the menu.Today was the first day for my waitress and it was her first day being a waitress!  She had a couple of mis-steps but hey, we all had a first day.  She had a great personality.I chose one of their four home made soups, chicken noodle, and a grilled cheese sandwich.  The soup was good, not too salty like many are, but the chicken was tough, perhaps over cooked. Jenro's makes their own bread but by the time I got there, 2:00, it was sold out so I got store bought wheat with cheddar cheese.  I like a cheesy sandwich, gooey and hot.  There were only two slices of cheese on it, not enough, imho.  But the garnishes on the plate and the home made potato chips made up for it.  Look at the pic of the rose shaped tomato garnish, very nice touch.If you're hungry and in the Haygood plaza near Farm Fresh stop in and give them a try.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,4/9/2013,122,469,2,8,1>Whenever I'm in the greenbrier area, this is my go-to for lunch. There are places LIKE it (Taste Unlimited?) but this is the only place that I feel is really dedicated to healthy, fresh, and local. It's hard to decide what to get, I went with the goat cheese & roasted red pepper panini with sweet potato fries. So good! They offer fountain drinks or water but I feel this could be an area for expansion to offer fresh juices/teas/wheat grass, etc. We didn't have to wait too long. I will say that they are super stingy with passing out condiments, it's kind of weird. My friend and I both asked for ketchup for our fries and she brought over a tablespoon of ketchup. Granted the fries are awesome on their own, but that's annoying. Then we saw a couple people go up to the counter and ask for more salad dressing and they kind of gave the side eye. It's such a stingy thing to do, hopefully they either just start giving more product or loosening the hell up. For that I take a star away. Don't mess with my ketchup or dressing.I also think they offer dinner entrees (that is NOT listed on their menu) on certain nights as well as desserts, like macaroons, that again, is not listed on their menu. A bit strange but either way, I'd like to return and try a dinner and more of their salads.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/8/2013,22,104,4,5,6>Awesome!  This was my first Elite event, and it was a great time.  Thank you a ton to The Dirty Buffalo for hosting us, the food was amazing.   You can't ask for better proprietors either.  It was very kind to share their history and the history of the Dirty Buffalo as well.  There is nothing like getting a connected feeling.  Can't wait to see everyone at the next event!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/27/2013,4/7/2013,121,170,2,12,5>The building that occupied 2700 Hampton Blvd. was many things - a check cashing place, a tax preparer, and who knows what else.  I have to say that it was both a surprise and a bit exciting to see something special coming to that space. The build-out began; the empty shell practically doubled the space, but there was still no notice that it would be a new restaurant there better yet a smokehouse.  The Small's sign went up long before the restaurant was close to being finished.  It was a long, hard-to-take build.  I'm still not sure how long it had taken from start to finish. I pass that building twice a day and took my own mental time lapse photograph everyday. I drove by last Friday evening and noticed an 'Open' sign and the front windows completely covered in fog.  Finally, I thought to myself.We were there early today; maybe 11 am sharp.  The restaurant was still pretty empty and we were immediately greeted by the hostess.  Our waitress soon joined us and took our drink orders.  While she was away, we checked out the menu.  I had a hankering for some kind of mixed platter.  I was hoping it had pulled pork, brisket, and ribs; those are, in my opinion, the top three smoked meats that tell you if a barbecue restaurant is legit.Two of us went for the Farmhouse Platter - pulled pork, sliced brisket, and pulled chicken and one had the smoked sausage. I guess two out of three top meats ain't bad.  The sides on the table included onion ring, cole slaw, cheese grits, and cucumber salad. The cucumber salad and cheese grits were super delicious and the stars of the side items. The onion rings were hand dipped, but the rings themselves were a bit too large and difficult to eat.The pulled pork, in my opinion, wasn't pulled at all; it was more chopped than pulled.  It had good pork flavor and the Carolina BBQ sauce really accentuated its flavor.  I had my heart set on pork of the pulled variety though.I was looking more forward to the beef brisket.  I think we all have aspirations of having Texas-style championship brisket on a local menu.  We've all seen Salt Lick, Mueller's, Franklin's, etc. turn us all into Pavlov's dogs.  We've seen Oklahoma Joe's burnt ends on Travel Channel and wished we could jump in the car and take a trip West for a taste. I think my expectation may have been too high; Small's brisket didn't have the flavor profile I was hoping for.  The brisket was tender, but the lack of a smoke ring detracted from its flavor profile. You can doctor anything with sauce...they have a Texas and a Kansas City sauce in addition to the Carolina, but saucing already smoked meat really defeats the purpose of ordering said meat.  I do like sauce in general, though.The pulled chicken was my least favorite of the three.  It was just chicken, in my opinion, and nothing more.What I found at Small's was a wonderfully beautiful space destined to go primetime.  The service was wonderful. The location is great, right down the street from ODU, Lambert's Point, and Larchmont to one side and Ghent on the other. A restaurant that serves smoked meats and seafood, especially raw oysters, in this area has a nearly unbeatable concept.  To top it all off, Small's has a happy hour.It's my hope that Small's Smokehouse & Oyster Bar continues to grow and bring beautifully smoked meat and fresh seafood to us all.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,4/6/2013,14,98,8,15,5>Clean and intimate-like atmosphere. The age group gears towards the mature audiences; you have to be 25 years old to enter the lounge. The drinks were fantastic; reasonable pricing at the bar. The type of music were mostly Hip-Hop, R&B, Reggae. Even though I felt out of place (because I was trying something new "hint: i do country music and latin sounds, so this was wayyyyyyy out of my comfort zone") but it had nothing to do with the location/atmosphere. They have a medium sized dance floor. They have white couches to lounge around, open floor plan, restrooms were cleaned, the DJ was fun. The customers/patrons were civil and nice. Great crowd.Now, there were a couple of things I did not like. The cover charge is extremely expensive $20/person. That was an eye opener. :) Another con was that the DJ was playing great music but constantly kept fading the music to hear himself talk on the mic. I can see the DJ needing to intervene but there were people dancing and every time I thought I had a move going, I lost my rhythm because the music would fade out to allow the DJ to talk. He's a very talkative DJ. *DISLIKE* Let the people enjoy the song.Other than that, I gave it a 4, even though I wouldnt come back for multiple reasons: cover charge, annoying DJ, location (took me 40 mins to get there). Hey, if Hip/Hop, R&B, Reggae is your "thang", then do you. This is a great spot to check out. It's just not up my alley. But I can now say that I know how to dance to some caribbean/jamaican dance moves, hahaha. I think a few of the patron felt pity for me (i think I was the only hispanic on the scene) hahaha so they jumped in to help me get the "music". Great people. :)
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/5/2013,31,234,1,6,6>Out running errands is just a day to day reality. When the hubs and I stopped in at La Bella for dinner, we inadvertently found ourselves on a romantic date.The interior was humble, but the simple design and limited seating made the room feel intimate. Both the lighting and the music were soft. Dark woods, oak barrels, vine laden landscapes, small tables you can reach across and hold hands. It was enchanting.Service was friendly, fast, and unobtrusive. It was like we had the place to ourselves and food just appeared, our drinks refilled.  They had a great selection of wines and we started out with some warm, fresh bread. We opted to order recommended specials. Coming from Jersey, I'm always pretty critical of Italian food, and for the first time since moving to Hampton Roads, I found a place worth visiting again.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/4/2013,163,183,4,6,4>The only reason I went out of my way before heading to NN for this little hole in the wall is because of the fantastic looking teriyaki photos that Matt M. Have been posting and popping up in my feed. Thanks for that Matt. The pictures just made me crave teriyaki more and more. This little restaurant, if you can even call it that, reminds me of an abandoned Capt'n Ds, previously owned by the Chinese mob. That probably doesn't make much sense, but when you see this little "dive" you'll know what I'm talking about. There's parking all around the place but absolutely NO lines are visible, so park however you want, just be courteous. I went for lunch, and I was the only one there. Inside is very small. A few tables lined up in a row, cafeteria style, but nothing more. The front counter was barricaded with plastic glass and a small hole for exchanging payment of food. Quite a reminiscent view of the Philippines  typical corner store. The old Asian man, I could only presume to be Japanese, took my order promptly and started heating the grill. A few minutes later, it was all ready, bagged and stuffed with a fork, some napkins and a soy sauce. The food, oh, the food. Superb! It was far better than the Sakura Elite of McArthur Mall. But also sweeter than Sakkio Japan of Lynnhaven. I would say it's in between for me. I only tried their chicken teriyaki, so I will have to make a return and try other things on their menu. -1 Star for the location, layout and physical aesthetics of the restaurant.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,4/3/2013,18,103,,2,2>Had a great Thai food experience at Thai Erawan!! By checking in to Yelp they gave me a discount on the bill. I choose Hawaiian Fried Rice which was so yummy! Great price, great food, and wonderful service. Definitely a Must Go place!!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2013,4/2/2013,64,171,1,1,1>I met up with some friends at Bar Louie on Valentines Day.  This was my first time here.I was really impressed by the decor.  That have a huge wrap around bar and more than enough tables -both bar height and regular - for a good size crowd. I want to point out that the Valentines Day special they advertised was a bit misleading, the way the flier read it made me (and a few others) believe that you could get a "Heartbreaker" martini AND a "It's not me it's you" shot for $5.  Unfortunately, it was only one or the other - not both.They have Happy Hour specials that includes their menu of martinis and half off appetizers. My  complaint was the service - although I feel in my heart (it was Valentines Day - get it?) that he meant well, our server wasn't on point.  He completely forgot to bring out a salad that was ordered.  I ordered an Italian beef flat bread.  It was a bit greasy but very tasty.  It's big enough to share too.  For Happy hour it was 1/2 off -  a greasy, sharable flat bread for 6 dollars is not bad at all.I like the place, the atmosphere is welcoming and relaxing.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,4/1/2013,220,185,2,16,4>A brand spankin' new international mart located on Lynnhaven & Rosemont.  It's a big store but not huge.  However, there is a tremendous amount of variety crammed up in that joint.  They make very good use of the space they have.  I found Thai tea leaves (to make Thai tea), loads of different instant noodles of various ethnicities, various fresh & frozen noodles (Korean, Chinese, eye.), and the usual suspects you'd find in regular good 'ol American grocery stores.  The produce section was pretty fresh with some exceptions. The seafood dept looked pretty good...with the exception of some of the seafood in wicker baskets BUT further down the fish packed in ice looked very fresh.  Nice gelatinous clear eyes in most of the fish I saw.  Also on hand were fishmongers ready to clean your fish...just be aware of the bucket that says "propinas por favor/ tips please".  Another Korean-owned international supermart that has anything and everything anyone could desired...especially when cooking anything Asian or Latino.  Hopefully this won't go the same way Fresh World did...downhill and then gone.  I hope they continue to improve so this can be my new go-to international/Asian mart!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,3/31/2013,97,37,1,8,2>Tapped gets its 4th star on the fact that it shows promise as it makes its mark in Virginia Beach.  Kudos to an establishment bringing in more craft beers that are hard to find in Hampton Roads.  Also, the novelty of having two high-tops that each have two pre-selected drafts built into the table is one that won't wear out quickly to me.Any hungry vegetarians may wish to eat elsewhere as the only options are really holding the protein on a salad or pasta.  Also, I'm hopeful that the product knowledge of some staff increases as they grow and rotate the selection.  On my first visit, I allowed the server a few moments to attempt to sell my wife her drink when he asked "What kind of beer do you like?"  When his "um"s and "ah"s for a simple "Wheat/Hefeweizen" response became unbearable, I quickly rattled off the prominent options. Each and every time we ordered a new beer, we had to repeat ourselves and then show him the menu so that he could write it down verbatim.The deck is heated with its own bar, but the warm weather is coming and will surely make this a prime afternoon hangout.  As of right now, it appears they are implementing a Tuesday Night Trivia as well.  Maybe they should be quizzing the servers, instead!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,3/30/2013,54,55,11,8,5>If I lived closer, I would absolutely give Tanya a run for her Dukedom.AMBIANCE:  I went at 9 pm and there were ~ 5 open seats in the whole place; an excellent sign.  Within half an hour they were cranking reggaeton at a no-we-are-*not*-fucking-with-you volume.  The music was loud and went nicely with my Negro Modelo.  People were dancing, laughing, drinking, and generally having a blast.  The demographic was beautifully mixed in age, gender, and ethnicity.  Upon exiting, I found myself speaking impassioned Spanish and gesticulating wildly.  As a point of reference, I haven't taken Spanish since 5th grade, and I never gesticulate.SERVICE:  Prompt.  I had heard it's slow so was prepared for a wait but I was pleasantly surprised.  My server made successful recommendations throughout.  No complaints here.FOOD:  Empanadas were fantastic:  Like chicken pot-pie (okay, I'm white) but much, much better.  And hand-held.  Pernil was excellent.  Trimmed perfectly and slow cooked not a minute too long.  Finally, mofongo con camarones, ay mami... Awesome.SUMMARY:  I loved it.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,3/29/2013,62,212,,4,5>There isn't much more to add beyond what Xerxes said about this place that I wouldn't say myself. The food was amazing, the staff was super friendly, accomodating, and helpful when exploring the menu. And since this was my first Thai experience, having help is a big bonus! I ordered the dumplings, which were steamed and stuffed with chicken and shrimp and served with fried minced garlic and soy sauce. I got 5 of them and I ate 3 and shared the other 2 with my boyfriend. We both enjoyed the dumplings very much! He ordered the larb kia and we were both pleasantly surprised with the combination of flavors this dish provided, an excellent choice.I had the Pad Mou Krop - aka "Valicious"! Can we say DELICIOUS!! The pork was nice and crispy with a hint of chili paste that made it the right kind of hot! My boyfriend had the Pad Thai Shrimp & Chicken which was also delcious! This dish scream THAI to me as it's seems very traditional with the ground peanuts and rice noodles.For dessert, I had the fried bananas - which were tasty. Thanks to Pam I had a taste of the coconut ice cream and in my one taste I could tell I should have ordered that instead. Not because the bananas were bad, but the ice cream was on point!! My boyfriend ordered the rice pudding. We will be back to try more dishes from this fine place! Thanks to Rick S. for suggesting this jewel!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,3/28/2013,7,34,,7,3>Love this place! Im from Hawaii and California. Sometimes I get lazy and dont want to make homemade Hawaiian food. I decided to make the drive from Hampton to see what this place was all about. The employees are so friendly! Theyre smiling and happy and it made for a great first impression. I ordered the teryaki chicken plate with white rice and macaroni salad. It was DELICIOUS! Of course it wasnt as good as homemade but it wasnt far from it! I carried on a conversation with one of the employees, he was so nice. Two girls asked if I needed any water since I decided to dine in rather than take it to go. When I left they all said bye. Great people great food great place. I recommend this place and I will be coming back for sure!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,3/27/2013,69,14,,3,3>I love this store.  I make a point to go a couple of times a month at least.  A cool vibe when you walk in the joint.  They have tons of stuff.  I stopped in last week and picked up something for my nephew.  Cool stuff.  Every kind of book and tons of music and movies.  The type of place I prefer to give my money to over the larger corporate sort of stores.  Near my residence over at the corner of Shore Dr. and Pleasure House Road.  If you haven't been it is definitely worth checking out.  Do it.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,3/26/2013,13,23,,4,3>It was a Saturday night,I was on Yelp and saw this place called Bluefin.. So we decided to try it.. I went in the restaurant didn't look too big but no matter. We ordered the seared Tuna appetizer ...it was great! I ordered the 911 roll they have 10 levels of spice I could only handle a 5 but it was a good spice with a good taste . We also ordered a couple rolls they were expertly made , tasted very fresh and very delicious.. Service was great.. A little expensive but totally worth it !!!!!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,3/25/2013,175,64,,5,6>In route to the grocery store we realized this little gem finally opened after a long build out phase so we dropped in to give it a shot.Great looking dining room & bar. The food was great, even for being opening day.Get the #8 Pho noodle dish with an Iced coffee & condensed milk.With the location of the restaraunt, quality of the food, and good looking dining room; this place is sure to be a success.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,3/24/2013,74,230,3,6,3>I've probably driven past this place a hundred times and had never given it a thought.  Then, one day my wife says she wants chicken fried steak and, for whatever reason, this joint pops into my head.  Random.  So, off we went.  When you walk into the place, the first thing you notice is that it looks like you have stepped back in time 30 years. The decor is dated.  Like dated.  Do you watch Restaurant Impossible?  Well, that guy would gut this place and try to modernize it.  But, as my wife said, "I kinda like it" and I kinda did too.  Our server, whose name I don't remember, was very nice and attentive.  She did a very good job.  My wife had her chicken fried steak, though it was only available as a breakfast dish.  It came with white gravy, home fries, toast, and eggs.  She liked it all and so did I (I usually eat half her meal as well as mine.  The result of course is my not so girlish figure).  I ordered a reuben and it was only OK.  The corned beef was a little fatty and didn't have much flavor.  But, to be fair, I have been ruined for any other reuben after trying Route 58s so I should have gone a different direction.  It wasn't bad just not great.  The fries were hot and fresh, so they were good.  As others have said, there is a fairly strong hint of cigarette smoke in the place and that normally would be a big turn off for me.  But, it wasn't awful.  However, if you are sensitive to it at all, this isn't your place.  Luckily for me, my parents exposed me to cigarette smoke my whole childhood so I am used to it!!  I can definitely see us coming back again for breakfast or lunch.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,3/23/2013,17,153,6,4,5>Visited on the recommendation of a co-worker.  I love this kind of place.  Been around a while, consistent offerings, very reasonable prices.If it's your first time in, grab a Honey Bun.  It's big enough to share, but don't, because that's just silly.The Apple Fritters were the best I've had locally, and like the Honey Buns...huge.Go eat fried dough. do it. you work hard, you deserve it.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,3/22/2013,137,66,2,3,3>I am disappointed in myself for not coming here sooner! Centrally located near every other store you may need, it's a great spot for a quick lunch or even a dinner date, without having to go further than a block west of First Colonial Rd. I would also like to emphasize on the "either lunch or dinner date" aspect of my review because its a perfect hybrid for the two. At lunch, the prices are cheap and the service is fast- you're in- Bang- and you're done. On the flip side, the decor in its own is enough for a trip, which sets the mood for a romantical evening without having to spend the big bucks. Lastly, the food is great! Well to be honest, I've only had the curry (all 3 flavors) but that is so tasty that I don't desire to ever steer away.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/21/2013,63,152,5,9,4>I came here because I am a book hoarder. After realizing that I still have boxes of books I never unpacked when I moved a year ago. So...to The Book Exchange I went. Very cool place. I gave the man at the desk my bin of books and was able to wander around the aisles (my happy place) until he was ready to give me my total. They don't really take hardback books, FYI and wouldn't you know most of the credit I got from my books, I spent on more cool books. *sigh* At least now I know where to go when I'm ready to clean out my books again.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2013,3/20/2013,84,331,,9,6>Hey, turns out I don't hate German food after all! I didn't have a good experience with it the first time around (Bier Garden in Portsmouth), but tagged along for lunch with coworkers to give it another shot. I thought this restaurant was too cute with all the German decor everywhere. It also looked very clean, had nice sturdy chairs and tables, and good use of space - small place but fit my group of 12 just fine. I was impressed with the size of the pork and pretzel roll on my tasty schnitzel sandwich ($7.99). Like, I was cutting off the sides of my meat so it doesn't overlap the roll and then pretending I had a side of crispy pork tenders :) Enjoyed the french fries even more, medium cut and nicely battered. Most impressive of the afternoon was the service, probably the best I've experienced with a large group. It felt like there was never really a wait for food/drinks/service, even with other tables were filling up. I loved that we pay at the register...so efficient!  If you are into beer, this seems like a good place with their happy hour specials and big selection of draft and bottles.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/19/2013,15,43,3,4,5>So we were back today for the second time, and just like the first, everything was friggin amazing. The food, AND the service were fab. I had to try the Brussels Sprout salad thingy, even though I generally loathe them, but stick some goat cheese with it and I am sold. It was unlike anything I had ever tried before, and will now crave it consistently! Even though the leaves are fried, they are not greasy at all, and the slightly sweet dressing balances perfectly with the goat cheese. This does not taste like bar food!! We also got a free appetizer with our "no peeking" gift from Christmas, and shared the cheese sticks. These were the real deal, home made kind, and pepper jack instead of boring, flavorless mozzarella. Mmmmm. Vegetable soup...yum...Boom Boom burger for the hubbs...double yum...and even squeezed in a homemade buttermilk, chocolate chunk brownie. Oh my gosh...heaven.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/18/2013,263,519,3,11,5>I stopped in here for a late lunch on Friday afternoon with a co-worker. Late was perfect as we had missed the lunch rush. We walked in the back door and promptly sat ourselves at the raised end of the bar. Normally I don't order non-seafood items at a what I consider a seafood joint. However after having such a miserable meal at the new gourmet burger bar a couple of blocks away the night before I decided 'what the hell' I'm going for the bacon cheese burger. If you read my reviews you know I've reviewed many of them and this one sits near the top of the list.What arrived in front of me about 10-12 minutes after ordering was a work of art as far as bacon cheese burgers go. The burger was topped with cheddar cheese and about 5 pieces of bacon with everything else on the side. The burger itself? It tasted like a steak. It was cooked to perfection and the quality of meat was 'spot on'. A perfect burger indeed. On top of the excellent meal there was great service from behind the bar as well. I've never had a bad customer experience here the staff is always great. So check them out, this place is excellent!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,3/17/2013,19,23,,8,3>First!!!!!Ok the bottom line is:Ambiance:    ExcellentService:         ExcellentFood:             ExcellentValue:            ExcellentI stopped by Masala Bites for lunch today.  The interior of the restaurant was very well done and classy, which initially made me a little worried, thinking maybe they had chosen style over substance.  This concern was quickly alleviated.  The Host and server were both very friendly and helpful.  I was seated immediately and water was brought over.   If you are looking for an Indian buffet, this place is not it.  The lunch menu offers either À la carte or a combination including a starter (soup, salad, appetizer) and a meal.  I ordered the chaat  of the day which is a kind of Indian street food.  Today it was garlic grilled chicken and it was very good.  For the main course I ordered chicken vindaloo at a hot spice level.  The meal comes with naan and while there is no garlic naan on the menu they will get it for you if you want it.  The chicken vindaloo was delicious, nice and spicy with a great taste.  The naan was also excellent.  The total price for the meal not including drink was $10.  I can't say enough good things about this restaurant!  I will definitely be back.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,3/16/2013,134,156,6,7,5>Ok... I dig it. After reading tons of reviews regarding the awesomeness of this diner (more of a diner than cafe, but whatever right?), I decided to check it out. First and foremost, the absolute best thing about Sandfiddler is the fact that they serve biscuits. Yes. Fucking biscuits. I have no idea why those little nuggets of dough are such a monumental part of my breakfast, but they are. The worst thing however(dun dun dun), is also a really important thing... the coffee. Its so damn nasty. Like seriously, its disgusting, and it totally sucks because who doesn't want to start their morning off w/a cup o' joe. I typically drink my coffee before I go over there, because otherwise I'd ruin my appetite. Back to a more positive note, you get a nice amount of food, pretty decent prices, the homefries kick ass, so do the eggs, and french toast, actually, so does pretty much everything. Location on the other-hand, can be a stretch if you're not already in Norfolk.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,3/15/2013,157,510,,5,2>Steve and the crew dish out a reliable lunch 5 days a week. They are usually there for breakfast too, but sometimes not right at 8, so I come back a half hour later or so.The daily specials are good, and I like that they have been changing them up lately.  The meatball sub is better than Subway, on par with WaWa. I also like the club and the chicken, bacon and cheese. When I want to be healthier I grab a salad from the cooler.One thing I would change is the styrofoam containers they use. There has to be something better.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/9/2012,3/14/2013,18,133,4,5,3>I first had Cane's in Ohio and I was instantly hooked. Amazing chicken fingers, weird but great [and greasy] texas toast, and fresh steaming french fries. Since I'm from California (a Cane's deprived state), I had to rely on my trips to Vegas to get it. When I found out there was a Cane's in my new home town, I was STOKED! This location, though, is a little wobbly compared to other locations.The staff is generally nice, but some have been less than friendly. Which leads me to my next issue: about half the time I eat here the soda machine is out of their amazing, soft ice! It sounds ridiculous, but the ice at Cane's is probably the best I've had. It's basically like crushed ice, but even lighter! But, after having to ask for ice from their *~special*~ ice machine behind the counter, they always seemed a little perturbed. Also, the sweet ice tea is the best! I usually mix it with unsweetened to cut down on the sugar.The chicken itself is always good, but better some times than others. Last time I went it was slightly cold, which was disappointing. The fries, though, have always been steaming and great, which is saying something for curly fries. The toast has also always been amazing, so if you're a Cane's newbie then don't blow it off! Your life may be changed forever. I can't stop before talking about the special Cane's dipping sauce. They give you a small container of it, but it should be enough to enjoy its greatness in combination with all parts of your food (chicken, fries, bread). It's really just like thousand island dressing, but it's still amazing!So why 3 stars? Basically the inconsistency here is a problem in my opinion. They're so close to being great but can't quite reach it. Also, as always, it's just a little expensive for what you get. 3 chicken fingers, cole slaw, toast, fries and a drink will run you about $9. Pricey for fast food!Bottom line: Do I still love Canes? Yes. Will I keep coming back here when I need my fill of junk food? Yes. The price and inconsistency make me a little less than ecstatic about this location, and are probably why (aside from not wanting diabetes and hypertension) I don't come more than once every couple of months. If you like chicken fingers, toast, and fries then give this a shot! I think you'll be glad you did.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,3/13/2013,63,174,,6,6>Kincaid's is one of those chain restaurants that will restore your faith in chain restaurants.First of all, it's a chain, but a really small one.  Nine locations, in places like Oakland and Redondo Beach, CA, St Paul, MN, Phoenix, and our very own MacArthur Mall location.  Larger than Burton's (in Va Beach), but way smaller than Ruby Tuesday (where isn't there a Ruby Tuesday?).   And as with these other chains, we again found that, if you'll watch what you order and stick with what they try to accentuate and do well, you'll have a pretty good visit.We were at MacArthur Mall on a trip to the bookstore around lunchtime, and since we've been to 219 a bunch of times, and everything else except the sandwich shops and pizza places in downtown are closed for Saturday lunch, we stopped into Kincaid's for our first visit.  A nice initial vibe from the place for the both of us:  the restaurant is spacious, with high ceilings, lots of indirect lighting, dark woods, burgundies and earth-tones on the walls, nicely done decorations and plants, high-end tables and booths, a huge bar area (where, thankfully, all the TVs reside), and an open kitchen with a huge grille.  We were quickly met, warmly greeted and shown to a lovely booth right under the large oil portrait of The General himself, complete with corn-cob pipe --- a good start!  We order our coffees, and begin the walk through their lunch menu --- and immediately notice some old standbys, but also a number of offerings that could be good.  How about Meatloaf Sliders, with olive mayonnaise and sweet hot mustard?  Maybe a Crab Melt, with aged Parmesan and cheddar cheeses?  Or Crispy Fish Tacos, with chipotle-lime sour cream and pico de gallo, on soft corn tortillas?  And, since we're both big grilled chicken fans, the Grilled Chicken Club, with a lemon-Dejon marinated grilled chicken breast, smoked bacon, tomato and sliced brie, served on a brioche bun, sounds very tempting.  Additionally, of course there's a large and very tempting offering of half-pound burgers, prepared in all kinds of different ways.  Our very friendly and competent server Dallas arrives again; I ask about the Crab Melt, and am told that it's really their crab and artichoke dip, spread on a roll with sliced tomato and the cheeses.  And then I remember the old restaurant adage that says "...have what they accentuate"  --- and promptly order the 'Shroom Burger (half-pound, medium rare, sauteed mushrooms, caramelized onions, Swiss cheese and tomato, on a brioche bun).  My wife goes with the Grilled Chicken Club,  opts for the sweet potato fries, and we have another cup of coffee.  And both choices turn out to be really delicious --- char grilled to perfection, wonderful flavors from the meats and accompaniments, and huge.  I have rarely had a burger that was done as well, especially in its medium-rare preparation.  My wife's chicken was as good as I'm able to do on my grille --- light marinade, still juicy and not overcooked, and crispy on the outside.  Just delicious, all-around.  And prices were where you might expect --- somewhat higher than Ruby Tuesday, but lower than Burton's.  Our sandwiches, fries and coffee came to $35.10, before tip.So, for those of us who sometimes can be a bit snobbish about chains --- myself included --- give Kincaid's a try.  Just remember that they're not trying to be a fresh seafood place, or a high-end steak place, or a fresh-red-sauce Italian place.  You'll have a great experience if you stick to having what they're trying to accentuate.  And, at Kincaid's, the big open grille that you'll see when you come in should be a dead give-away.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,3/12/2013,183,190,3,10,6>Unbelievably, insanely good!  I feel so lucky to have found this place that all the Yelpers have been raving about and I am busting at the seams to tell everyone about it.  We had a little UYE lunch here today and I am still in a trance even tonight.  Judy took such good care of us and was full of excellent recommendations--we shared about 10 entrees and I loved every single one of them.  This is truly authentic chinese--she actually recruited a chef to come over from Sichuan Province in China--so this is the real deal...We were lucky enough to get seated at one of the tables with the lazy susan in the middle, to make all the sharing that much easier and more fun.  There are a couple of things that you absolutely must order every time.  As you may have figured out by some of the reviews, you definitely have to get the XiaoLongBao.  Judy saw me rip one of these trying to get it out so she was so sweet in showing me how to do these right--so the trick is you gently take the dumpling into spoon to get it out of the steamer and then eat it whole--do NOT just try and grab it out of the steam basket with your chopsticks--you will fail and it will be a total Debbie Downer moment.  As the dumpling bursts in your mouth, the soup and the pork will flood your mouth and fireworks will be going off.  The other must have is the onion pancake and this comes with a little dipping sauce---hmmm, hmmm!Do yourself a huge favor and don't order anything the typical white person would order from a Chinese restaurant--skip the sesame or general's chicken--look around and realize you are not at Bamboo Hut. I am sure that these are great here too, but you are selling yourself short if you get one of those---you did come here for authentic Szechuan cooking, right??? If you aren't sure what to order, just talk to Judy.  She will get a feel for what you might like and will help steer you towards a magnificent order.   So, since we had about 10 things at the table, I can't go into details on all of them, but I will cue you in to my favorites.  I told Judy I wanted duck and she suggested Tea Smoked Duck, especially if I want the crispy skin--sold!  Next, we tried several lamb dishes--I think the stir fried lamb with house chili pepper was the best, but I'm a little torn because the stir fried lamb with mixed vegetables was also off the charts and it came out steaming and sizzling!  Thanks to another one of Judy's recommendations, I would also suggest you try the Yu Shiang Pork--just do it and your mouth will be happy.  Most of the dishes come with white rice, so you may want to add some pork fried for the table too.I was really impressed with Judy and her new restaurant.  I want to bring everybody here because she really does have something special.  And, Judy herself just makes the experience so much more personal, as she tries to talk with each and everyone that comes in and gets to know who they are and what they like.  Just see, when you go back in even after a couple of months, Judy will remember what you drink and what your favorite dishes are.  Thank you Judy!  You have made a permanent customer out of me!UPDATE: I HAVE DISCOVERED THE HOT POT!!! You will not find this secret item on the menu! You have to give Judy a little heads up before you come in that you will be coming in for the hot pot...it is 18 bucks all you can eat and it is well worth it...think of it as Chinese Fondue.  They will bring a lovely hot pot with spicy broth on one side and not spicy on the other side.  Then, you have a full selection of meats and veggies, etc.  I am talkin fish, fish balls (definitely get both of these), shrimp, pork, beef, lamb, mushrooms, noodles, cabbage, sweet potatoes...basically neverending amounts of yumminess.  Having this hot pot at the table really brought the whole table together for an interactive dining event. Judy will bring you some sauces and cilantro to mix together to dip your meats.  Go get your hot pot on!!!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/9/2013,83,478,2,4,2>This one tends to be less crowded than the one on holland so sometimes I Iike to switch it up and come here even though the other is closer to my house. I LOVE the table-side guacamole here.  I guess not all places do this (I assumed most did) because when I brought my friend from out of town here for dinner she loved the guacamole and said she'd never seen anything like it.  They'll wheel their cart of freshly cut ingredients (tomato, onion, jalapeños and cilantro) and ask how you want it - spicy or no - and then they'll cut up fresh avocados in front of you - add in your ingredients and then cut a lime and squeeze it there right in front of you and mix it up.  It's fabulous and so fresh and yummy!  It's about $8 for this appetizer but I love it and I don't feel too guilty about it later (despite the fact that I eat 50 chips with it).This time I got the Burrito San Jose - YUM - which is a huge burrito stuffed with beans, rice, chicken, and chorizo.  On top is queso cheese and chopped tomatoes with cilantro.  This is soooo good.  It is gigantic though - I've never been able to eat the entire thing - even still I think it's $9.99 so it's not priced too terribly. I also love their fajitas for two - where you get a huge sizzling platter with shrimp, chicken, steak, pork and onions and peppers.  It comes with two plates (for two) with rice, sour cream, lettuce and tomato.  Good stuff. Their sweet tea is also good for a southern girl like me. I'm a big fan!  Mmmmm!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/8/2013,30,22,2,5,3>Sushi King is a real example of a diamond in the rough. The almost cheesy exterior doesn't do justice for the large and elegant insides of this restaurant. Sushi King deserves it claim to fame as the "largest hibachi and sushi restaurant in town". There are so many beautiful elements to this place and the most beautiful is the food.The all you can eat sushi buffet is less than $15.00 (depending on the time of day you go) and is most definitely worth your money. This includes appetizers, entrees and the large selection of sushi. From my experiences everything is made fresh and comes out hot when you order. I love the gyoza and shumai dumplings before my delectable choice of sushi. The best way to have Sushi King is with a small to medium group of friends. If everyone gets the buffet you can taste a little bit of everything while passing around plates. I have yet to try all the rolls and therefore haven't picked a favorite but the presentation of the Volcano and the taste of the Sea Angel are both impressive enough to be ordered on your first visit.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/7/2013,69,206,2,3,3>Pizza and beer, novel concept. Went with a group of friends on a Thursday night and this place was packed. There were 6 of us, so it took us some time to be seated, so we had a drink at the bar while we waited. The inside is small, maybe 10 tables, so it had a crowded/cramped/loud bar feel to it, but also family friendly.  It seriously reminded me of Pizza Hut on a Saturday night growing up. But Better. There is a pretty large selection of beer on tap there, maybe 12-15 taps? I couldn't see them all, so instead of listing them off, the bartender asked me what I usually like to drink. I love it when bartenders do that, it shows they know their stuff and enjoy the challenge. I ended up having a hoegaarden, one of my favs and I was glad to see they had it on tap. We settled into our table and ordered some apps. I ordered the wings, Jose style, which is a mix of buffalo and BBQ sauce. They are seriously awesome. Brickhouse grills their wings, which I love, they come with a bit of char on them and that makes them crispy and delicious. We ordered 2 pizzas for the table, the supreme and the white. They were both yummy, I preferred the white, mostly this pizza met my high standards for garlic content (seriously,  I could mainline garlic).  The supreme was just that, there were a TON of ingredients on it; green peppers, pepperoni, black olives, mushrooms, etc. It was almost comical watching everyone trying to get the pizza on their plates without the cheese and toppings sliding off in the process. The waitstaff was efficient and effective, not overly friendly, but I can understand that given the crowds. I think this place will end up being our new go-to for pizza on the Peninsula.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/6/2013,19,29,,5,2>You have to try the fried green tomatoes topped with arugula and crab meat! My mouth is watering just dreaming about the next time I get to enjoy this treat!  Huge pieces of crab, plentyful arugula and lightly drizzled wih dressing and huge tomato slices, this keeps me coming back! Service is prompt, drinks stay full and restrooms are clean
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/5/2013,3,10,,2,2>I heard about this place from a co-worker telling me I must go try the gyro. Of course I was like, "what about the dogs n' burgers" but she'd never tried them. So, on my way to volunteer I decided to stop by. First thing I noticed is that it was styled like a mini diner with in and outdoor seating. It wasn't the cleanest place but I tend to overlook those qualities in establishments such as Dog-n-Burger,  Donut Dinette and other places similar. I proceeded to order a gyro, fries and a burger just because I felt I couldn't go there for the first time and not get a burger or hot dog....the prices were reasonable enough to splurge on a disgusting amount of food to try for the first time. I really liked everything I had and have no complaints, however I personally do not think there is anything special about what I had. The service was kind and speedy. I will definitely return when in need of a decent priced dog n' burger.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2013,3/4/2013,34,139,,4,3>I found this place by doing a search for kid's hair cuts.  Xerxes review mentioned that the clippers have vacuums.  I was sold since it is close to home and my son flips out about the hair all over him.  We've been here twice.  The first time I wasn't terribly impressed because no one said a word to us other than asking me what I wanted for his cut.  They were talking to everyone else in a language I do not understand, so it was uncomfortable.  The cut was OK.  I tried a couple other barber shops after that.  I couldn't find another one with the vacuum clippers, so we ended up trying this place again.  The second time was much better.  The man who cut my son's hair turned cartoons on the TV for him while we waited and actually engaged him in conversation.  This time they pointed out a poster on the wall with different mens/boys hair cuts labeled with numbers, making it easy to describe how I want his hair cut.  The cut turned out very nice.  Thanks to this experience, I will go back the next time my son needs a hair cut.  For now, they get a three star review as an average of our two experiences.  If our next experience is as good as the last, I will definitely update and add a star.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/3/2013,12,78,,5,6>As I sit here eating Pad Thai leftovers, I remember how great it was last night. It's still pretty good today.I started with the Bikini Prawns. They came out nice and hot. It was crispy, too so you know that they had dipped it in the fryer oil after you ordered it and not 5 hours before. I then had the chicken Pad Thai. One word came to mind when it came out: FRESH. The bean sprouts were cooked just right to retain their crunchiness and the scallions were so green they really popped on what out have been an otherwise brown plate (that's what happens when you cook with brown sauce so no complaints there). The portions are good. I don't eat too much so the one plate was enough for 3 meals for me. I ended with the sticky rice and mango. Pretty simple dish, but you can mess up the rice. Once again, they cooked it just right. Not too smushy.I've also had the masaman curry and the drunken noodles here and both were just as good. My roommate had the fried rice one night and I was surprised that they put peanut butter in it (or it tasted like there was peanut butter). I would caution anyone with a nut allergy to be careful and check for sure.This will be a definitely stop whenever I crave Thai food.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,3/2/2013,64,156,2,3,2>Not that I wasn't a Shockley believer before, but they recently provided the two-tier cake and 40 cupcakes for my wedding, all of which was just gorgeous. It must have also been incredibly delicious, as the only taste I had was when we cut the cake & one Irish cream cupcake on my way by the table.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2013,3/1/2013,121,78,,4,2>Go here for the taste! The burgers were excellent. I had the Coastal Sunrise burger (bacon with sunny side egg) that was incredible. Their fries are crisp and well flavored.  They have a $5 burger special for lunch (with beverage purchase) that sounds pretty good as well. My biggest drawback was the service. The waitress was polite and friendly, but she was swamped during our stay there. Maybe it was just this one instance where the restaurant was packed (she even said this was the busiest she's seen it), but beware if you're looking for a quick lunch.HOWEVER, the waitress (and possibly the manager) did apologize for the delay and without prompting from us offered all of my party free appetizers for our patience.The decor is pretty eccentric (multi-colored walls meet checkboard patterns) but you're not really here to enjoy the scenery any way.Will definitely try again to see if they fine tune the hiccups.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,2/28/2013,464,705,,6,4>Unusual flavors. If you sign up for their facebook page, they'll tell you what they're serving that day. I was particularly impressed with the chocolate orange flavor, but they change every day and you never know what is going to be available! They also have juices which I haven't ventured into yet. It certainly provides a unique twist to the cold treats available on Colley (including Skinny Dip and Y-Knot gellato), but this place is hit or miss depending on their flavors. Good little store though! They have parking in the back that is free and unlimited time!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,2/27/2013,24,184,2,2,2>The crazy thing about this place is I have driven by there 3-4 times a week for the past four years and I have just never stopped!I stop finally, and they have my favorite beer on draft!Randomly today I stopped on the way home from a couple errands. I was really craving a burger, and I didn't want fast food. The place is small, and in a shopping center, so it may seem a little off putting. I went in and it is small with a bar that runs along the side. Some booths on the other side and some tables in the middle. I grabbed a seat at the bar, and ordered my fave beer on draft, and the burger. It was fairly quiet, a few older golfers on one side watching the tv and having some beers, and only 4 other people. I want to go back to see this place when it is busy,  but so far I am impressed with the kitchen. From what I could see, it was very sanitary, and clean. I got my burger at home, and it was AWESOME. Even thought I could tell it was a pre made patty, they actually GRILLED the bun, and the whole thing was awesome. I couldn't even finish it. Their menu is huge, I don't see how they can possibly deliver everything with the place being that small. But I plan to go back and check out more options. They seem to have a fairly decent amount of liquor and beer brands available. Not everything, but more than some places and less than others.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,2/26/2013,18,42,,4,5>If it wasn't for the sole fact that the place is too small, I would have given it 5 stars. The food was AWESOME, I had the spicy burger and the hubby had two chili cheese hot dogs. We also had a large basket of fries which were delish! Very crispy and just the right amount of salt. The burger was nice and juicy with grilled onions, jalapeños, gudda cheese and spicy mayo. Oh my.. Just describing the mouth watering goodness that went into my mouth has it re-watering. The hubby loved the chili cheese dogs. I tasted some of the chili and damn it was good and spicy enough. We are definitely coming back here for more deliciousness.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,2/25/2013,28,86,,7,5>This place makes me feel special, (in a good way ).Went here with my hubby and this place has killer ambience, especially at night... great for couples.  The decor is pretty cool/hipster. It was small and cozy & sort of reminded me of Europe. Best part of it all is the service! Our waiter was very friendly, helpful & most of all very professional. We didnt have an entree but went there for dessert. My husband got the bread pudding which was delectable. I got the champagne cupcake & i must say BEST CUPCAKE EVER!  it was delicious. Also, they had a cool beer menu (in addition to their  wine menu). I tried gluten-free beer & to my surprise it was good. Try new things. Visit  press 626 if you're in the ghent area.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,2/24/2013,38,86,,9,5>This is an classic barber shop with a modern twist. It is still the spot to go chillax and rap to the fellas, but what is out of the norm at other black barber shop are 1) you sign in...first come first served without an appointment, and 2) they accept credit & debit (w/ major CC logo) cards! I've been to a lot of barber shops, but to be able to charge your cut with having to run to the bank is a plus. Here's another plus...Every barber there can cut! This is the first barbershop that I've been to where I needed to avoid a chair. You know not everybody that has a chair knows how to do a simple edge up. To top it off, they have complementary refreshments. This is another reason I keep coming back. The only issue I have is with the price. Adult cuts are $18 for regular, $23 with facial cuts, and $28 if they use a razor.  This is the highest I've been to in Virginia Beach.  However, the overall convenience and comfort negates me going elsewhere.  If you are in a desperate need of a cut, check Image out. Tell them Lawrence sent you!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,2/23/2013,99,254,3,4,4>This is everything a cupcake place should be! I'm so thrilled to find a local, independent cupcake bakery that knows how to make excellent cupcakes! These might be the best cupcakes I've ever had. (Please don't tell my cupcake shop in La Jolla that I'm cheating on them!)The selection size is pretty standard...on the day that we went, there were 8 different flavors including triple chocolate, red velvet, "happy birthday", chocolate marble and pumpkin. The ones I sampled were phenomenal! The cake was moist and light and the icing was just-sweet-enough and really rich without being dense.The young lady assisting us was very friendly and offered us a description of each cupcake.For those who are interested, they also offer vegan cupcakes! Thank you!!!!The only drawback is that the cupcakes were really pricey....$6.50 for *two* cupcakes. But it's definitely a great once-in-a-while splurge.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,2/22/2013,50,105,3,5,6>This is hands down the BEST part of an already awesome weekend, which included 2 brewery trips and the ODU sustainabiilty fair... but I digress... We were on our way to OConnors to fill our growler, and the new sign caught our (collective) eye. On the way back, we stopped in to check out the goods at 215p.  Although they'd already *officially* closed at 2, they kept the doors and grill open for our unofficial after-party.  Totally worth it.  I got the shorty (egg and cheese) and my love ordered the stevie (fried chicken, pickles, mustard, and honey).  So darn tasty.  We got our treats to go, and they didn't make it out of the parking lot.  Totally yummmy...A little off the beaten path in Park Place, but well worth the trip.  You'll have to plan carefully as they're open from Wed to Sat from 10a - 2p. Check it out - you won't regret it.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,2/21/2013,155,241,3,8,3>That Wednesday wing special is awesome. My husband and I opted to make it a date night and honestly .. I can't remember the last time we had date night for so cheap!Some people have an aversion to chicken bones .. I am not but I happen to be married to one of those people so we got the boneless wings. They were probably the best boneless we've ever had because of the chicken to breading ratio. And the chicken was good and tender.Now, I'll be honest .. We're used to BWW's sauces and having such a small selection at Dirty Buffalo might have confused us a little. I would highly recommend the Maui Wowie if they have it. It's a pineapple habanero sauce. Sweet and spicy. Great mix.We also got the sweet, spicy and mild. I thought everything was hot until gave my mouth a break from the Maui Wowie and then realized that the other wings really didn't have any heat. Amazing how a little habanero can really mess with your head.The fries were really good and crunchy with a sprinkling of black pepper. My husband loved them. We also got the coleslaw which I thought was ok but again .. The chicken bone hater really enjoyed that too. I'm sure no one is gonna mention the celery but it was really good! Fresh, cold and crunchy. As a recent celery convert .. I appreciated having it in the basket for a different flavor and it's ability to relieve my burning mouth.Wednesday gets a little crowded but it's definitely worth going for the food and especially the price.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,2/20/2013,31,70,4,4,4>This is the place where the Chocolate Gods and Goddesses create their crack-like addictive chocolate. From the moment you step into this heavenly scented orgy of chocolate, your mouth begins to water, your heart rate increases and you become lightheaded from all of your senses being assaulted by the smells, sights, and feel of the world's best chocolates. The sounds emanating from each customer, as they take in the delicious smells and tastes of The Royal Chocolate, sounds like a bad 70s porn flick. Often customers will catch one another's eye, in the midst of their moans of ecstasy, and begin laughing with embarrassment because it sounds like you're sharing in an erotic chocolate orgy. Samples are plentiful. I encourage you to explore your chocolate erogenous zone at The Royal Chocolate. This place needs to be the first place to hit, if you're looking to spark the beginning of a very hot and sexy romance!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,2/19/2013,1,104,,6,4>Maybe the reviews have been kicking in? I decided to head back to Jessy's to see if that old spark still remained. The first element I noticed was the seating has changed. They've moved some smaller tables and chairs next to the booths by the windows. Trying to accommodate larger groups maybe? I also noticed a bit of decorating. The windows have new (or new to me) curtains with matching wall hangings. It's by no means elegant, but I will say it's not as busy as before.Now when you go to the cashier, they ask if you're dining in. If you say 'yes,' then you will be directed to an open table. After you're seated, you will be brought out a yellow, laminated menu to review as you please. I was definitely struck by this new addition and the cashier/waiter acknowledged that this practice was fairly new. My horchata was delicious. The rice and beans were once again tasty. And my favorite is still the guacamole! Real avocados just do things to me. Try the $4.99 lunch special.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,2/18/2013,255,146,3,11,8>This was my second time to this location and I am still in love with it. We were able to try some other menu items tonight that I didn't try the first time around. The crab cake balls were flippin' delicious. I am sure someone noticed the 20+ trips I made to get the Jalapeño Shrimp. It was a great night of deliciousness and I am looking forward to them opening up for lunch in a couple of weeks. The one bummer from the night was that we were not able to order off of the menu during the event. But hey! The wine was super delicious!!! The servers were on point yet again, they were mindful of all of the small details, it clearly is the culture of the service here. Great food, great wine, great staff, great experience.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,2/17/2013,107,136,3,3,6>First visit to this location. Came in around 8ish on a Friday & it was packed! Host/hostess stand was attentive during our 30 min long wait. The waitress sold me on the Crab Stuffed Flounder w/ Brussel Sprouts. She said it was their "special, really good & a large cut of fish." My friend got the Osso Bucco just because it sounded cool.. HAHA. We were given a bread appetizer w/ some delicious creamy herb butter. I enjoyed the butter...bread was ok but, kept reminding me of can biscuit mix for some reason...acceptable nevertheless.When the food arrived I was taken back by my friend's HUGE hunk of pork shank served with risotto & grilled asparagus.  It was bigger than my head!  My dish cost more and was much smaller than his. I was bummed. I thought ok.. Maybe it tastes better than it looks.  Not.  It was ok just nothing to write home about. Standard fish and crab. I did enjoy the brussel sprouts and I don't normally eat them.  However, the Osso Bucco were flavors that were different to me.. I'm thinking maybe in the way it was prepared. At first I wasn't sure if I liked it but, found myself sopping up my friend's plate, gnawing on the bone AND taking his leftovers home!  I don't waste food. Last was the dessert.... Chocolate bread pudding w/ one scoop of ice cream!  DEEEE-LI-SHUS... but, Can we have one more scoop of ice cream please?? By the end of our meal, I know I enjoyed myself so much that my fake eyelash was hanging at a 45 degree angle!  Now, that's a good time!!  Thank goodness I wasn't on a date! :) I def want to go back for HH specials, Tues BOGO Free Entree', and to try some of the items on their Tapas menu.  I'll try to dress up next time.  I think some of Hampton Roads finest were here that evening.  I'm sure it's me but, everyone looked just so... beautiful & dressed to the nines.  This is coming from a chick that prefers jeans and hole-in-the-wall joints...
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/16/2013,195,115,3,6,5>Ok... meatballs stuffed with fresh mozz cheese, rolled in panko that tastes like bacon!!!! Genius...  The service, the food, the beer... ALL TO DIE FOR!!! I am not sure that I can put into words how much I enjoyed it.  The steak melted in my mouth, my hubbies short ribs & polenta were cooked prefect. The atmosphere felt like being tucked away in one of the quaint corners of the city, I loved it. The bar manager was the greatest. I am allergic to cilantro. So he made some of the greatest drinks with muddled basil, fresh lemon juice and strawberries. The quiet Manhattan eatery and delicious food, with the salty smell of the Atlantic ocean and comforts of home, on the strip... you can get away without having to leave home... Perfection tucked away in our hideaway!! You can't stay away...
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/15/2013,5,14,,2,2>I can't believe I just now found out about fruitive! Being a vegetarian for 4+ years I've become so accustomed to having to scan menus to figure out what I'm able to eat, I LOVE being able to eat ANYTHING off fruitives menu! I ended up selecting the harvest steamer, I was a little surprised when it came out as a stew, I guess I was expecting more of a rice bowel, regardless it was awesome! The flavors were fresh and delicious, the butternut squash added a nice hint of sweetness to the otherwise savory dish. I also got the nobility juice, this was delicious but this is also why I gave fruitive 4 stars instead of 5. $11 for a 16 oz juice is quite steep, I understand that it's organic but I've never paid that much for a juice of that size! I will definitely be returning but probably stick to making juices in my own home for a little cheaper!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,2/14/2013,10,13,,4,2>Always my go to spot for a good ass Philly style "Mushroom" Cheese steak! That's right I said MUSHROOM!!  Always been a fan of the Tidewater Dr. Philly style and Iggles just makes a damn good samich! Not a Philly anything fan but the any customer will appreciate the many Philly sports memorabilia plastered all over the walls. The Interior is a no frill joint with a counter to order and a bunch of seating for an army. if youre in  area definitely stop in for a nice cheesy steak sandwhich!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,2/13/2013,72,106,2,3,4>Im so full I can't move, in a good way. Which means I ate too much cause it was too GOOD! We were going to go to another place but seating was limited so since this was around the corner and on my list of places to check out we went. We walked in and luckily got the last two top table, as they were pack for the 1 pm lunch rush. Our server greeted us within minutes. He was overall very nice and personable. The decor is artsy and fun, the bathrooms were fairly clean and had as much flair as the whole place. We opted for an appetizer which is rare for us. The Artichoke Dip with Pita wedges was awesome. tIt contained actual huge pieces of artichoke, not the tiny little chopped up chunks you usually see in this kind of dip. They make the pita wedges themselves seasoned with a parmesan seasoning, very good. I see so often a dip of this nature will be so tasty but served with boring run of the mill tortilla chips or something. It was a nice touch having the pita wedges, they added flavor and held up against the heavy dip due to its giant artichoke chunks!After much debate I ordered the Spotswood Melt, and thats what it does, it melts in your mouth. The burger was not over cooked, the cheese and onions are all melted into the crispy grilled sourdough bread. You cant just say there is bacon on this burger because its not your average bacon, it is thick cut, cooked perfect and delicious! This burger  was perfect and full of guilt! I originally ordered fries which i would have to say were the only thing I did not like, they were nothing special, just frozen fries. So I asked for an extra order of coleslaw after the fact, Im glad I did. I find good coleslaw to be hard to find. Most is watery and flavorless or has been sitting in the cooler way too long. This had long chunky cuts of all  colors of cabbage, with an awesome sauce. It was not just sweetened mayo, it had an asian flavor too it and i immediately  recognized a sesame oil flavor. I flagged down the waiter to ask and he told us it  was called Dragon sauce. Whatever its called doesn't matter though, it was good. I was so pleased with my meal however the portions are large so I took half home with me. My boyfriend ordered the Bacon cheeseburger which to me looked pretty awesome. The Bacon makes it, its such good quality bacon. He seemed to really enjoy it so it must have been good. With it he ordered onion rings, which I would refer to as onion tires! they were giants and the batter was light and not too over powering. similar to a beer batter I would say. They serve the onion rings with another lovely sauce they make that you could dip anything you were eating into and it made it good. It was delicious! I would like to go back here many more times, next time is to try their Funky Chicken which they are known for.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,2/12/2013,88,68,,9,7>Ask anyone local or tourist in the Virginia Beach area where the heart of the action for restaurants and entertainment is at the Oceanfront and they may tell you between 16th and 31st Street. If you're looking for a great dining experience composed of seasonal tapas style treats you may wanna head further past 31st Street... No further... Just a little bit furth... yeah hang a right at 40th and pull into the little parking lot and head into Pacifica!This was my first time here at this restaurant but not the first time I have enjoyed tapas from the collection of restaurants it is under. Pacifica is part of a chain of tapas style restaurants including "Six" (in Hampton), "Empire" (in Norfolk), and "Crackers" (also in Norfolk) under the name "Little Bar Bistro." I have been to "Six" previously.I went with my girlfriend and two other great friends last night to try their offerings.  I started with the Southern Mule which was a cocktail made of Southern Comfort, Lime juice, and Ginger Beer, while my GF had the Pink Paradise. I  will say that both of these drinks are quite the contrast in that mine was enjoyable with a good balance of flavors and could be had throughout the meal. Her's was one of heavy alcohol flavor with tropical and coconut flavors that probably having 2 to 3 would put you in a good mood the rest of the night.The meal itself was great. Looking back on our selections they turned out to be a good variety of land and sea, taste and textures.  We started with the Fried Calamari with Pickled Peppers and Smoked Remoulade. We've had Calamari from more than 2 handfuls of places in the Hampton Roads area and beyond and this one had great flavor and crunch and was sans the traditional "marinara" sauce. I then ordered the Sweet Potato and Pork Belly Pie with Crispy Edward's Ham and Rosemary Oil. For $9 it could have very well been an entree dish for it's size.  I think they did a great job with the flavors as the sweet potato was smooth and pork belly could be found throughout the pie, the ham added a nice crunch and saltiness to the dish to balance out the sweetness in the dish.  I then had the Sea Scallops with Butternut Squash Puree and Gala Apples. Such a well composed dish as you can see from my picture. My only critique of it was that I wish the puree were a little bit thicker and not so much watery like baby food puree but the flavors all worked very well. The scallops (3 of them) were all well seared and seasoned. The natural buttery flavor from them went well with the squash puree and the matchstick Gala apple garnish provided nice crunch and acidity to cut through the richness of the scallops.The last savory item I had was the Oyster "Chowder" with Bacon & Cornmeal Scone.  I put "Chowder" in quotes because it's not the typical consistency of a chowder which is very thick.  This dish eats more like a soup and a damn good one at that.  With great flavor and a generous helping of whole oysters in the soup it was delicious and satisfying. The Bacon & Cornmeal scone was a nice alternative to the packaged oyster crackers you may be used to getting.The four of us ended the night with S'mores which was great in the sense that after a night of eating composed plates you can still indulge in an interactive, messy ordeal that never loses it's luster. One order makes enough for 6 S'mores and the presentation was well done (Just like at "Six").Pacifica has a great cocktail and martini menu as well and some great beers to wind down with or get rowdy with in a small but inviting atmosphere. There is bench style seating toward the back of the restaurant as well as a center lounge area with modern style couches and tables. The lighting is a bit dim during night time but nothing to complain about. The only thing we did have a comment with is that they don't split checks (as noted on the menu in a rather humorous, smart ass manner). So if you're looking to split the bill be sure to break out your phone calculator :)Definitely looking forward to making a return trip to this place as well as the others in the area as it's a good place for all to enjoy, have a good meal, good laughs and is away from the hustle and bustle of the Oceanfront strip.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,2/11/2013,96,146,4,3,4>I came here about two months ago; my sister in law was in town and wanted to treat us to a nice upscale dinner. I looked this place up online and saw the great reviews. It's tucked away off the oceanfront, nice property, Valet parking service Ect, we were a group of 4. I walked in the night before and got a table reserved for us that was near the kitchen area. as you can imagine is was very loud and busy near that spot but it was not a deal breaker, the establishment inside is very warm and cozy, elegant. Most of the staff was nice, the waitress were a bit off putting however, almost like you could feel them observing you, like if you took to long for a portion of your meal and they have it waiting ect. Sommelier, Marc Sauter, makes the experience however, he is a pleasure to interact with and was my favorite part of the experience all together. For some reason I could blindly listen to this mac describe wines and methods of wine making or facts and never get bored, I'm still evaluating if this is a good thing or not :) The food is excellent, the blue Crab Mac and Cheese, although usually a dish that would be considered generic was memorable and mouth watering. The steaks are also fantastic and were paired perfectly with our wine. The selection of cheeses also works wonderfully if you are enjoying a wine flight. Other dishes like the Chinatown shrimp tempura are...well... Not that great. Its pretty much shrimp tempura with pop-rocks on it, unless they changed it, it was not a hit. Anything you order (except the poprocks shrimp that someone came up with after smoking the chiba.)  will most likely be wonderful, of the dishes we got, between fish, steaks or deserts, all were fantastic. That being said... this all comes at a price, chances are you are willing to accept that if you are even considering a restaurant of this caliber.  This in my opinion is the best restaurant in this area, for fine dining period. Fantastic location to impress a Date, romantic Dinner or special occasion.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,2/10/2013,65,174,,6,4>I wonder if this is the same place in Military Circle Mall... Because this is what I'm writing my review on. Holy crap, man. I wasn't expecting this to be good...seeing as it was in a mall. But I was extremely surprised. I love soul food- and for the past few months I've been really jonesing for it. Lucky for me, I took a chance on this place. It's got a really homey feeling to it. What sold us was a girl standing in front with a plate of honey barbeque chicken samples. My boyfriend tried one and was instantly sold. I ordered 6 of those wings with collard greens, green beans, cornbread, and a glass of kool-aid. YES! KOOL-AID! The honey barbeque wings were delicious- a little spicy but sticky and sweet. The collard greens were fantastic and the green beans were cooked with a big piece of chicken. So you got delicious green beans with bits of chicken...so awesome. Finally, the cornbread- it was sweet, soft, moist, and perfect. It was a lot like eating cake. This place took me by surprise. I loved it.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/9/2013,533,177,7,15,10>Update to my review:  I went this evening to Plaza Azteca and had some wonderful food.  The Camerones Gratinados (appetizer with shrimp and onions and cheese) were delicious!  They were glad to add fresh cilantro too.I ordered the Pescado Azteca.  It was Mahi-Mahi with Shrimp and Mushrooms and a wine sauce with mashed potatos.  The dish came out looking very white - covered with white sauce and the mashed potoatos were white.  Being into photography and eating - I thought it looked bland.  After taking a few bites - I was in heaven. The Mahi-Mahi was cooked perfect with some good spices.  The shrimp were plump and tasty.  The mushrooms were full of great flavor.  The sauce was delicious with a great flavor from the wine and the spices.  I loved the dish.  It's presentation could use some work.  I passed on the the Managment that it was too good a dish to drown and bury in white sauce.  I suggested putting a drizzle of sauce on top and more around the fish.  I also mentioned some cilantro or a slice of lime will help dress the dish up.  (I've posted a photo of the dish on here)  Great flavor - a shame it looked like a white-out in Alaska.  This will not deter me from my next visit.Plaza Azteca in Western Branch of Chesapeake on Dock Landing Road is my favorite Mexican place in the area.  I have been here many times.  I thought I had already reviewed it.  I went there today with my wife and son Chris and we had a great meal.  I was in the mood for something light and got the Azteca Salad.  It had Chicken and Shrimp and it had a great spicy kick and was most awesome and probably one of the healthiest dishes I've had here.  (I've posted photo's of most all of my dishes.)  My son had a veggie dish (Enchiladas Trio) and his looked and - according to him tasted outstanding.  My wife had the Fajita Taco Salad and she loved it. (It looked great also).The wait staff is always friendly and accommodating.  I love the Camerones Gratinados appetizer.  (Shrimp and cheese with onions) and I had the idea one day - It would be great with Chorizo and fresh cilantro on top.  They fixed it for me like that and I've since had it numerous times - what an amazing flavor and how great to get a custom dish.I love the shrimp tacos.  I also love the Chori-Pollo - Chorizo with Chicken.  I have had many dishes here that have blown my socks off.  (see the photos on this site).They have Yuengling draft and big mugs - almost 55 gallon size.  Great when you use the hot sauce like I do.I have brought friends here and every time I have visited the food was great and the service was also.  I look forward to many more meals at this great place.  If you visit - tell them - Jim - the guy with the beard and the fedora that takes pics of the food and beer recommended it to you.   (They will hook you up).An added thought - The building and plants and design are fantastic for taking photos and add a lot to the experience.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,2/8/2013,144,389,4,6,5>Life is too short to eat bad pizza. Thankfully, this place does not have Hut in it's name, so that is not a worry at any time. Here for short lunch, which turned into a two hour eat and talk session. Ordered a slice of what I describe at Fried Chicken Pizza. A slice of cheese pizza with cut up pieces of chicken strips on it. Yeah. This was yummy. It was a tide over until the main course arrived:  a medium Fresca pizza (ah..I thought it only came in the large size).Pure pizza hebbin. Rocatta and mozzarella cheese, with sliced tomatoes and seasonings. Nothing else to defray the taste here.I know. It isn't every man's pizza. But for me, it is a nice diversion from the normal day to day pizza that we order.Nice browned crust, with a crispy texture. The bottom covered with a hint of flour. No soft or under cooked crust here.My guest and I split the Fresca (I stood to my Guns and ordered the 'fried chicken' pizza - this isn't their name for it. It is what it reminded me of) pizza, and had the second slice because it looked so good in the display case.If you want to try something diffeent, Vinny's has a wide variety of specialty type of pizza's (philly cheese, taco pizza... just to name two of many examples)Excellent service. Our drinks were kept refilled and all of our needs were met.A thoroughly enjoyable experience.Highly recommended.@Removeyourhat
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/7/2013,83,62,4,16,7>I can't deny the awesomeness of this establishment. I've visited No Forks three times since May '12 and each time I've been impressed. I'm a fan of the Jojo, which is a cheesesteak with fries in the sandwich. It is a big meal and I can barely finish it. But it's so tasty that I simply can't disrespect by NOT finishing it. The service is outstanding and conversation between the customers and the employees isn't uncommon here. Bring your appetite and you won't be disappointed.  JV
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/6/2013,68,22,1,9,10>I love love LOVE Chic N Fish.  It's a small restaurant, and if you're planning on eating korean fried chicken, you should really call in ahead of time (it takes ~30-45 mins for them to cook).  The chicken never disappoints.  It comes with kimchi or pickled radish.  I always order a side of rice because I can't eat anything without it lol Their menu is pretty extensive, but I love their korean fried chicken so much, I haven't been able to try anything else in their menu.  The staff is *always* nice and accomodating.  I really wish they would open one in Virginia Beach.  It's a painful drive having to go through the tunnel traffic, but it's definitely worth it.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,2/5/2013,509,292,8,9,6>I ordered 2 dozen cupcakes and a baby smash cake here for my sons 1st birthday. I tried to explain what I wanted over the phone, which was a mustache theme, but she wasn't really "getting it" so I just told her to make normal blue frosted cupcakes with red sprinkles on the sides so I could apply my own sugar shaped mustaches in the centers myself since she could not do it or accommodate my request. O'well, not everyone has everything. Anyway, I picked up the cupcakes which had WHITE frosting an red sugar on the sides. Not what I asked for. They were also nothing special and almost looked liked something i could make myself and I am A SHITTY ASS baker. Despite their rather boring appearance, they were delicious. The smash cake was adorable, but the red frosting stained a lot of shit. Its cool though, that's what 1st birthdays are for. I would certainly eat cupcakes from Dream again, but I'm not sure I would order. They were just kinda, boring.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,2/4/2013,66,117,7,4,5>There is nothing like the smell of fresh roasted coffee beans.  It smells like everything good and happy in the world shoved into your nostrils by fat cherubs.  It makes me smile.But it does get a little hot in there during the summer, especially in the middle of the day while they're roasting the beans.  I started sweating like a pig as I walked by the bean roaster.  But it mattered not, since I had naked angels sticking happy thoughts in my nose the entire time.  I would love to capture the smell and carry it with me all day.  I could pull it out from time to time like a nosegay and be reminded of nothing but happy, happy, happy.Oh yeah, the drinks here are delicious.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,2/3/2013,34,76,3,4,3>Decent food with a really nice atmosphere.  The turkish sampler platter was tasty and the salmon sandwich I ordered was seasoned well but cold in the middle.  My husband's quinoa cake was also cold.  We went between lunch and dinner and maybe that was the reason for the oversight.  We'll certainly go back because everything still tasted great even when it was cold!  Our server was friendly and there are many vegetarian options on the menu.  I love the pink himalayan salt in the shakers on the tables!  Cool place.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/2/2013,103,96,,5,3>I went here tonight for dinner with my daughter, the waitress was very very friendly and very quick considering how busy the restaurant got after we walk through the door.  We were luckily able to put in our order before they got busy, I ordered Spanikopita and mozzarella cheese sticks as an appetizer. The spanikopita was absolutely amazing probably some of the best I've ever had. However the cheese sticks weren't cooked all the way through. But I told the waitress and she apologized and took them off the bill.  My daughter had the kids pasta meal and I ordered the veggie pita sandwich.  The pita bread was delicious as usual and my daughter enjoyed her pasta.  I even got her to try the spanakopita and she loved it.  I will definitely return to try more things off their menu.  The waitress was awesome and friendly.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/1/2013,46,196,3,5,3>We just wanted to sit back with some pizza and beverages so I hit up you Yelpers and chose Shorebreak.  This was our first adventure to this venue and we were surprised at how large it is inside and more surprised at how many people were in there at 5:30 on a Saturday night.  Oh, it's a sports joint and there was a big game on, got it.  We were told that half time would be in about 25 minutes so some tables would open up and hey, they know what they are talking about.  We have a beverage at the bar and in 25  minutes half time came and we got a high top with captain chairs, very nice, felt like kings and queens.Ordered the fried pickles and a bowl of oyster soup (maybe stew).  The pickles were a disappointment.  I was expecting long spears but they were small cut up pieces that the breading fell off of.  The horseradish sauce was very good (but missing in my to go box) and the accompany cole slaw was a welcomed cool down but soggy.The oyster soup was amazing.  Ok, delicious.  Not more to say, I think you got my point.There is only one size of pizza, 16 inch, way too big for the two of us but it freezes.  Here's the problem.  There are three sauce choices.  "Sweet tomato", house "with a little bit of heat" or a white sauce.  We ruled out the white sauce first, then didn't want sweet so we choose the house with mushrooms and pepperoni.  Food came very quickly but the entree didn't come until we were done with the apps, A + for that.  The pizza was hot as in temp., a very good thing but then it went downhill.  That "little bit of heat" was a medium on the hot wing scale almost on it's way to hot.  Half of a piece had my taste buds doing a blister dance.  Hub can handle more but he also had that too spicy dance.Three pieces out the rest 'to go" .  Not sure what I'm going to do with it, hub leaves again on Monday.Our server was extremely good.  Not sure of her name, started with an A and she needs a new name tag because hers if faded.Another good note, there were kids all over the place.  They were happy and safe.  This is a good place for them.  Unlike the crying baby I wrote about in an earlier review.I think $47.00 ish.  Next time the "sweet sauce"  hoping it's a standard pizza sauce.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,1/31/2013,121,170,2,9,5>I had been driving by Chow for weeks waiting for it to open. It was appetizing -- the most appetizing thing I'd ever seen in that building on that part of Colley Ave.  The fact that it's close to work and smack in the middle of neighborhood where I have a huge number of friends was another plus.  Well, last night was the night to pay Chow a visit.The space looked as inviting inside as it did from the outside.  The decor is simply and not overly done.  There are lots of tables, some communal. There are wall-to-wall chalkboards that display the menus; the drink options are given out as a traditional menu, however.On the way in, I ran into a couple from work.  We talked for a while and they eventually settle into a table with another coworker of mine.  All together I met 5 people there that I knew.  It was an omen, I guess, of things to come....good things to come that is.I started with a Smartmouth Alter Ego - it's a Hefeweizen and was so good, I had to have another.  John G. turned me on to Smartmouth; one of his good buddies is the owner of this local brewery.The fried chicken livers with the Garlic Balsamic Reduction was fantastic.  The livers were beautifully done and there was a little salad at the bottom of the bowl to boot.I had the Salisbury Steak and Gravy.  It was the 2.0 version - huge portion, the steak was a little pink inside. The mashed potatoes were a bit chunky, but I didn't mind that.   The mac and cheese was a bit soupy and not the best, in my opinion. The table was rounded out with the Pork Belly. It was on the stringy side, but was full of flavor.  The BBQ Pork Sandwich was OK as well.  It was not the traditional stuff done in a smoker, low and slow for hours -- it seemed to be cooked pork, shredded and doctored up with BBQ sauce.  It was not bad, though.  The final dish was fried green tomatoes with the ham salad.  I didn't try it, so I cannot speak on it's taste.  The presentation was good, however.Overall, the food was good.  The beer selection was better than good.  The decor was appealing and not overly pretentious. The waitstaff was very attentive and knowledge of the menu.  All those things together make a good neighborhood hangout; I supposed that was the objective of the owner(s).I know I'll go back - for drinks, for dinner, for both.  First impressions are important and I enjoyed my first impression of Chow Restaurant and Bar.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,1/30/2013,61,127,,6,2>Finally!!! I've been searching for a perfect cupcake in the Hampton Roads area & I've finally found it at My Vegan Sweet Tooth. The fact that it's vegan & gluten free is a major bonus! They have "regular" (non gluten free) cupcakes as well, but the gluten free ones blew the "regular" ones away. I tried the chocolate gluten free cupcakes & the chocolate "regular" cupcakes. The gluten free ones were AMAZING; definitely the moistest cupcakes I've EVER eaten. Not the fanciest or the prettiest, but definitely the tastiest. And the icing was delicious as well. The cupcakes are a standard size & fairly priced at $8 - $13 for a 1/2 dozen depending on the flavor. You can even request organic ingredients for an additional $3. They have vegan dog treats too!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,1/29/2013,3,19,,6,2>I'm new to the area and needed to find a good place to get a Brazilian wax asap! I decided to try Smooth based on all the great Yelp reviews.I booked with Heather. She did an amazing job! She used the hard wax instead of the soft wax and strips. I had never experienced this technique before, unfortunately!  It was so much better than any of my previous Brazilians! It did take longer,  but was totally worth it.The lady I booked with over the phone was not very friendly, but the service and friendliness of Heather made it totally ok. I won't look anywhere else for a Brazilian in the Norfolk area! It is a little bit pricier than I'm used to, but seems to be comparable to other Norfolk locations.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,1/27/2013,131,117,,3,2>I found grape and gourmet while getting drawn it to the beer culture. Kevin is very knowledgable on beer and always is welling to make recommendations to try new types.They offer a free beer tasting on Thursday which is free and a $5 wine tasting on Friday. The $5 dollars can be used towards your purchase of anything in the store. They have an event called cheap and cherry where they they offer tastings on a Saturday with snacks. My wife and I usually go over our planned budget when we go in but it is well worth it. This place sure wont disappoint.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,1/26/2013,31,234,,7,6>I really had to take my time sorting out what to give these guys. I placed an order for a salad and after waiting over a half an hour, someone stopped by to ask if I'd finished. When it was explained that I never received my food, three different people began to move with a quickness, all stopping to personally apologize. I actually received my food at the 40 minute mark. Just somewhere along the way, my ticket was misplaced.Mistakes happen, even to the best of places, and looking at other's reviews this seems to be one of the most enjoyed in Chesapeake. Thankfully I had no where pressing to go, and I'm sure had I come forward earlier the wait would not have been nearly as long. Good things come to those who wait. The Thai Shrimp Salad was refreshing with a beautiful presentation. The large plate was laid out like a kaleidoscope of vibrant yummy colors. All the ingredients were bright and fresh, and the dressing was tasty and enjoyably served on the side, albeit too small a portion. I asked for a little more and was given it without fuss. It was great food that I didn't leave me feeling guilty. While I was enjoying my meal, they refunded my lunch in it's entirety and all three people working that day stopped by again to express their apologies and to make sure the food was satisfactory. They even went so far as give me a coupon for my next visit.So, all that being said, I thought to give this review in the holiday spirit. It wasn't so great to be skipped over, but they more than made up for it with sincerity, kindness, and generosity. I'll be sure to check them out again soon, and I'm sure the experience will be fantastic.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,1/25/2013,122,469,,9,2>Another burger bar! Formerly The Boot, these guys have transformed this place into a casual, hip bistro with a lively atmosphere. We came in on Saturday night on opening weekend around 6 and the place was already bustling. The owner was buzzing around at different tables, making sure everything was taken care of. He informed my husband, who ordered the Hawkeye Peirce, that he makes his own kimchi, which is pretty amazing. My order was a toss up between the O'Leary (a Chicago classic) and the Montmartre (duck confit and brie!). I ended up going with the Montmartre, which was incredibly flavorful but didn't necessarily blow me away. The owner told us he's planning on scaling back the menu to only about 10 burgers after opening month, to include the Montmartre, to decrease prep time (and probably cost as well). The best fries are the NYE spice and the house fries; the NYE definitley have a kick and the house are classic garlic, rosemary, & parm. They have an eclectic selection of beer on draft (see picture) and interesting wine picks. Service was laid back and friendly and the owner seems very hands on. They have a kids menu and we also saw a bunch of kids in there, which will make us feel better about returning with the kid. Overall, very impressed at what they've done with the place, the food is commendable, and we look forward to returning and seeing what kind of tweaks happen to the menu.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,1/24/2013,163,183,7,7,5>I'm not big on sweets, but OH My... I just jizzed my pants over their Turkey sammich. Its so effing good! I cant even.... It reminds me of Taste sandwiches except it doesnt cost me an arm and a leg. I can only imagine what the other sandwiches taste like.So as far the sweet goodies goes, my favorite by far was their cream puffs! Of course they would bring those out minutes before we departed. I am glad I took one home because they were sooo amazing! Melted in my mouth. The star fruit on their peach custard tart was pretty impressive. You cant get those around here so it was a nice touch. I also liked the texture of the crust. It was a little hard, but once you bit into them, they crumbled softly. The cupcakes were my least fave. I think a few other yelpers will hate me for this, but the original cupcake that I had sampled was good, just not the best I've ever had. To be fair however, I dont think I've yet to come across my perfect cupcake. The ones with a perfect balance of icing and moist cake. Don't get me wrong, their cupcakes are moist, but it was the icing that didn't sit well with me. I think they were lacking the creamy taste in their icing. Their brownie with all the caramel and nuts on top was phenomenal! By far the best brownie I've ever had. All the extra stuff on top just tipped it up there for me. With all that being said, def. try them out.  At least grab a sandwich for lunch! You will not be disappointed. I think for the tart, the cupcake, the sandwich, the brownie and the cream puffs, I only paid $17! Yes, affordable indeed!Location is kinda hard to find, its small and not easily viewable from the road. Might just be me, since I'm partially blind and oblivious to my surroundings. Super small store, with one table and a couple of chairs. I do remember thinking how funny it was that they used vinyl wood flooring for their ceiling tile.   Also, they only take cash. Kind of a bummer since I hardly ever take cash out. *Comment to the owner: get Paypal card reader or even Square Ups. They offer low fees per transaction, but at least you will be able to do credit card transactions.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,1/23/2013,54,55,2,9,3>Delicious Filipino food at a great value with very friendly staff.Went based on my homie Matthew M.'s review and was glad I did.  I walked in and sort of stood there awkwardly looking around the bustling restaurant for a few moments until one of the girl staff members grinned at me and knowingly asked "Is this your first time here?"   I admitted it was and she gave me the run down of how it works at FeLynn (sit wherever you want, hit the buffet line, pay, eat).PANCIT:  Solid, standard.  No complaints.  I like pancit but haven't yet had a version that really rocked my world more than any other.CHICKEN CURRY:  Although FeLynn's recipe isn't spicy the way I like it, it's worthwhile to note that I prefer my curries to be hotter than the 7th circle of Hell, and I did find their dish to be tasty with succulent pieces of chicken, even if it's a little on the mellow side in regard to heat.BBQ PORK SKEWERS:  These were a highlight for me.  The pork is tender and well-seasoned without losing its fundamental porky flavor.  They're grilled perfectly with just the right amount of caramelized bits on the outside.  The majority of patrons whose dishes I glanced at had chosen these bad boys.LUMPIA:  I wasn't raised eating this kind of egg roll but I love them and feel that FeLynn executes this simple, classic dish very well.  Fried perfectly, nice ratio of meat to veggies.TURON (fried plantain):  I'd never had this before today and absolutely loved it.  It's a subtle dessert; Not overly sweet and I felt that the textural contrast between the fried spring roll wrapping and the plantain was fantastic.  Plus, it's like a buck-fifty.HALO-HALO:  Also a first for me today, but definitely not my last.  This thing is delicious and perhaps has more going on than any other drink on the planet.  Ice cream, crispy rice, red beans, maraschino cherry, tapioca, shaved ice, sweet corn and probably at least five other items I can't recall now or couldn't identify in the first place but which were shocking in how well they went together.My only criticism -- A few of the dishes were lukewarm.  This isn't unusual with buffets and given how delicious the food was, it didn't seriously bother me.Definitely looking forward to coming back here.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,1/22/2013,17,40,,1,1>I love this place! I've tried two other sushi places in the area, and they just do not meet the level of awesomeness that Osaka is. The wait staff is awesome, very attentive. My husband and I have gone here so many times that they already prepare our drink order as we take our seats. I love the ambience at Osaka as well. The overhanging banners above the booths really set it apart from other generic sushi places. I also like the music they play here better than at other sushi restaurants.Their fish is the freshest I've had in this area, and their rolls are wonderful. I knocked off one star because it would be nice to see a bit more variety in their specialty rolls, and their drink menu is pretty limited. If I remember correctly, they don't have lemonade or Kirin Light. This isn't enough of a problem to keep me from returning, though.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,1/21/2013,27,26,,4,2>Six is a wonderful place for socializing and enjoying tapas. The food is quite delicious, truly the result of wonderful cooks. I always hesitate about what to order, but once I taste it I am quite pleased. The bread and butter for $3 is no ordinary bread and butter. It's a baguette toasted so that the outside is crunchy and toasty and the inside is warm and slightly chewy accompanied with an herbed/spiced butter of some sort (depending on the whim of the cook, I suspect). I will unashamedly admit that the butter was so good that I proceeded to eat the rest of it with a spoon. I could honestly order multiple plates of the bread and butter. I had the clam chowder which was broth based, not cream or tomato based and it was wonderful. So flavorful and satisfying. The one thing that truly bothers me is that the restaurant states on the menu that they do not split checks, with some quip about "what's a few bucks between friends."I always forget that they don't split checks and I rarely carry cash. So I have had to ask for an exception, which they have so far always granted (about three times). But it would be nice if they would consider customer service in this regard and axe that policy.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,1/19/2013,16,159,,2,2>Yummy. Turkey reuben sandwich. I like the food here. They have a huge menu, you might want to save room for dessert too. I have been to the Norfolk location before and the food here is just as good.   Service is good and there is no issue with parking here. There is a large stage in the front for live music in the evenings. I shall return.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/18/2013,114,446,,5,1>Great staff! Had the falafel, maqdoos, and lamb kabobs. All I can say is WOW! The Maqdoos is FANTASTIC! It is a fermented baby eggplant filled with garlic and walnuts. Again...FANTASTIC!!! Oh yes, gluten free, vegan, and vegetarian items available. Love!!!!!!!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,1/17/2013,0,15,,3,1>Visited the new location in Portsmouth...Ahhh...amazing! I had the Vitello and Portabello stack and it was really good. A bit too much sauce for my liking but that's just a personal preference. Soup of the day was a mushoom bisque and was easily the best I ever had. Solid drink menu and they carry Hendrick's gin, a plus in my book. Atmosphere is very welcoming and cozy. Was having trouble with choosing something off the menu as there were so many good options, had to remind myself that I live close by and will definietly be back to try many of them. Wait and kitchen staff extremely pleasant and friendly.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,1/16/2013,62,212,,3,1>I really like Reginella's for lunch. Their combo - 2 slices of pizza with soft drink - is under $8, with tip. I usually go for the veggie pizza, it has tomato, cheese, broccoli, and a light sauce. I also like their caprese salad - fresh basil, tomato, and mozzarella! My boyfriend really loves the italian stromboli. I've also had the meatball sub which was tasty and cheesy! The bread was toasted perfectly.The decor seems outdated but if it ain't broke, don't fix it. The service is friendly and standard, nothing exceptional.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,1/15/2013,175,64,,5,3>Gourmet Gang has never let me down. Its everything you want in a lunch spot when you just want to run out of the office and grab something quick. And if you can't sneak out of the office; they will deliver.1. Impeccably clean2. Friendly & professional staff3. Consistent & quality food4. Healthy food options5. Ever changing specials6. Reasonable pricing7. Delivery available8. Multiple locations
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,1/14/2013,63,152,,13,3>I came here based off of the yelp reviews and I am very glad I did. I needed some work clothes altered (mama has been working out) and I needed them back fast. Eda was able to get back to me (several pants and even a few t-shirts) in a week.Only thing: BRING CASH! Yes she has a sign that SAYS she takes credit cards. No she doesn't. When I whipped mine out, she made a face and asked if I could walk to the gas station and get cash instead. Maybe she gets charged or something *shrugs*
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,1/13/2013,64,171,6,3,1>Guess What!!!!???Chicken butt.Kidding.  A brand spankin shiny new La Parilla has opened in the Farm Fresh shopping center off of bridge road.  It's really close to their original location by Harris Teeter on Harbour View and it has replaced (THANK GOODNESS) the horrible excuse for a Mexican Restaurant - El Burrito.  This is obviously owned by the same person and when I stopped by on my way home from work (because this location is much closer to my abode), I saw many of the same faces from the Harbour View location and a few new faces.The bar is very nice, it can accommodate a lot of people.  I had a couple or seven drinks and ordered some to go foods.  I got carne asada.  Delicious as usual.  I'm definitely going to be stopping in here more often.  Probably more often than Harbour View because well, I could easily walk home after seven or fifteen drinks.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,1/12/2013,74,230,2,3,2>My discovery of this little gem of a location is the result of one small business working with another to make a great combination.  I "like" the Hubcap Grill on facebook and they said they were going to be doing tacos at the Beach Brewing Company.  My wife wanted tacos so off I went.  I figured while I was waiting, I could grab a quick beer.  The minute I walked into the place, I knew this was my kind of joint.  I always liked smaller places and this definitely fit the bill. There were maybe 10 seats on the inside.  On this particular day, they also had a few seats set up outside near the Hubcap Grill, though it was a little too chilly to be out for too long.   They had something like five beers on tap available in pints for drinking on site and you can also get 32 oz. and 64 oz. for enjoying off premises.  I tried the IPA, which was $4 for the pint and $10 for the 64 oz. growler (I don't remember the 32 oz. price).  It was a nice beer.  I enjoyed it.  I am so happy to have found this place and I am very much looking forward to trying other brews.  In fact, I am trying to figure out the next trip over as I type this review.  I would definitely recommend you check it out.  I'll see you there!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,1/11/2013,84,331,2,2,2>Turns out that I love this place for breakfast. I love that for $4.99, I can get a bagel sandwich (bagel, eggs, meat, cheese) and a side of delicious hash browns. Lots o' food for the price and tasty too...plus a variety of hot sauces and great service. This place is pretty busy in the AM on weekends, so expect a bit of a wait for a table and for your food to come out. Better yet, go for the bar or counter top tables and eliminate (a big chunk of) the wait!PS: You can't order lunch for breakfast, in case you are "not really a breakfast person." I tried.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,1/10/2013,263,519,3,8,7>To say our UYE for Bacon Week 4. 0 was a smash success is well, an understatement. What a great time! There were 24 Yelpers in attendance, which I'm told is the largest UYE to date. Lots of new faces and I look forward to seeing everyone again soon.Don and his staff at Woody's were slammed to say the least with the entire non-smoking side of the restaurant being full. Our server Page was outstanding as far as I'm concerned and not only took care of our entire group but had other tables as well. She deserves a medal for her effort this night. Now on with the food. For starters I went with the Bacon Stack which is a stack of tortillas with some cheese, onion and bacon in between them and then bacon bbq sauce. This was my least favorite of the items I sampled this evening. While I could taste the bacon in the sauce, there was no bacon in the stack (that I could find) For my entree I choose the Tortellini Carbonara. One word. Dynamite! These were cheese filled tortellini in a bacon & peppercorn sauce. A normal person probably would have only eaten half of this. Nope, I finished it. Every last bit. Delicious!For desert, I selected the new item on the list, a buttermilk bacon and peanut butter fudge brownie. Hot out of the oven and oh so delicious. Words can't describe it, you just have to go and get one for yourself. All and all I had a wonderful time, great company, great meal and look forward to doing it again soon. Thanks again to Don and his staff for making room for us on such a busy night.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,1/9/2013,66,187,,4,2>WOW.  AMAZING.  Wish we tried this place sooner.  Great service, delicious food, cozy place.  I had the cream of asparagus soup for an appetizer.  It was the first time I had it.  Very fresh and delightful.I ordered the lamb kebab for dinner and it was, by far, the most amazingly flavorful and tender lamb I have EVER had.  It was served over a barley mixture which is very good but the fullness creeps up on you.Creme brulee was the dessert and I must say it was just as good as anywhere else.  Nothing special.Overall, an amazing dining experience.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,1/8/2013,21,104,,5,1>My husband and I liked Kyung Sung in Williamsburg (and wrote a review), so we figured we should check out its mother restaurant in Newport News.  We went in for lunch on a weekday and were the first customers after it opened, but the place filled up FAST!  I was kinda surprised because it seemed like such an unassuming restaurant from the outside.  The lunch menu wasn't extensive, but it was relatively inexpensive and had the more popular Korean dishes, like bulgogi and bibimbap.  My husband ordered a seafood pajeon (scallion pancake...forgot he couldn't eat red meat that day because of Lent) and I got the hot & spicy chicken lunch special.  We got a good assortment of tasty banchan (side dishes, included free with meals), and everything was pretty delicious.  Service was super friendly and fast, even with just one waitress working the whole restaurant.  We'll be back.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,1/7/2013,104,345,,4,5>Terrapin has been our go-to restaurant for special occasions for four years now.  After at least a dozen or more visits in that time  I can say I am still as enamored with this restaurant as I was after our first experience.  I can actually get emotional as plate after beautiful plate is presented to us.  Its the only restaurant that maintains such a grip on me.Recently we celebrated my wife's birthday at Terrapin and the staff gave us another flawless experience while making it look so easy.  Our waiter, Wes, (whom we always request when making a reservation) is so spot on with his timing that I think his nickname should be the Metronome, or perhaps the Mind Reader.  When we think we are ready for another drink or we think we would like to split another order of oysters, he magically appears and asks the very question we were thinking just moments before.  I don't know how he does it.  Is there a microphone under that candle on the table?For drinks, the resident alchemist behind the bar (or "cocktaillier" if you go by the recent write up she received from Lorraine Eaton in the Pilot) is the hyper-talented Erika.  Not only does she make the best Dirty Martini in town, she also crafts cocktails that you never imagined possible.  Tonight she treated me to a Negroni with house-made rhubarb bitters.  By far the best one I have ever had.The kitchen continues to produce elegance on a plate.  Tonight's risotto had braised Wagyu beef cheeks placed on top.  Deeply flavored and as tender as a pat of butter on your tongue.  It puts filet mignon to shame.  Your carnivorous life will be unfulfilled if you do not sample this dish at least once before you give up the ghost.For nostalgia sake, I opted for the Tomahawk Veal Chop which makes an occasional appearance on the menu during the winter months.  Simply served with gratin potatoes and braised greens, it could not have been more soul satisfying.  My wife went for her favorite, the fennel pollen dusted sea scallops.  They were almost the size of golf balls and perfectly seared.In a nod to my wife's Scottish heritage, I conspired with the general manager and pastry chef prior to our visit to craft a surprise dessert that paid homage to her native land.  When the time came,  Wes presented us with a uniquely crafted Chranachan styled trifle with Drambuie ice cream garnished with whiskey-soaked cranberries.It was perfect.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,1/6/2013,13,9,,2,3>My family and I had dinner there tonight and it was fantastic.  The service was great, Milo was our waiter and he was prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable. Another benefit was another waiter, Jamal, actually spent several minutes entertaining my four and two year old even though we were not his table.  That kind of service is the reason this is a great place for familes.The food was awesome.  My husband had the steak and shrimp combo and both were cooked to perfection.  Because the steak was cooked over a pit the flavor was incredible. I had a combo of ribs, pulled pork, and smoked sausage.  All were great.  They give you a variety of sauces, this time I tried the Savanna which is a traditional South Carolina/Georgia sauce.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,1/5/2013,57,193,3,6,4>A "greasy spoon" that is pretty good!  Now to make sure, this is not a place you go to if you're a food snob.  This is the place you go to for down home, good cooking!  The food is insanely cheap and the line on a Sunday was down the parking lot.  This is a good place to get a good, hearty breakfast.  The service is great and rarely will your glass be empty with all the servers hovering around to fill it with coffee, tea, or water.  The food came out really fast as well!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,1/4/2013,18,133,,4,2>Public house is definitely one of the more unique places on Colley, which is why I keep getting lured back in. I'll be honest, it's not the best place in the world (which is why I spent several minutes teetering between the 3 and 4 star buttons in contemplation), but it's good enough to recommend for a try. The main theme here is kind of a North-west european hip, speakeasy, gastropub. Confusing? Maybe, but I think that's a good representation! They have several rooms (including a smelly smokers room in the back) and a bar at the front. It's usually fairly loud here, so not the best for a date, but a great place for relaxing after a long day of work/school. The menu is very clever (err, 'sassy'?), but the food is different than anything in the area. Everything I've had is pretty good to great. The better thing's I've tasted were the mac and cheese (with chicken tenders!!), shepherd's pie, and Fish and Chips. Something interesting is that most items come with a side of green apple slices (fries cost extra). This is definitely an awesome thing for the oversized public, but I like my french fries better and would rather not pay extra. That's just me though.The service is usually great too! On several trips, my school had functions here and they were very liberal with the rules as far as what they were giving us discounts on. They're always attentive and willing to split even the most complicated checks (everybody with their own meals and some people sharing some things and other people sharing others...sorry, waiters!!). The prices are definitely more than what I'm comfortable with to be a regular here (always around $13/14 for dinner and $5 for a beer), but it's not too insane. I would come much more often if everything was $2 cheaper (it makes a difference!!).Bottom line: If you're looking for something different than the usual places in Norfolk or on Colley and don't mind a little loud-talking with your company, this is worth a try! The meals aren't the cheapest, but you'll generally get what you pay for and get a chance to try something you haven't tried before. Don't expect the best food you've ever had, just something different, and you'll be satisfied. Also they have many local and non-local beers on tap if you're into that!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/3/2013,183,190,,4,7>As soon as I saw the sign for mimosas by the 1/2 gallon, I fell in love...and yes, they can do it up mango-style too, served in a lovely mason jar!  So, I have always been a donut dinette girl, but I have to say, they have the fluffiest omelet I have ever had in my life and they have now converted me--totally my new breakfast spot.  I had the southwest omelet with avocado and it topped any fancy joint.  Come in and be cozy and just get a downright good breakfast.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,1/2/2013,134,156,5,4,2>Its hard to do a review on a University, at least one that isn't mind-numbingly long--so for the sake of brevity, I'll keep this reviewed confined to PARKING (dun, dun, dun). Quite simply, its hell. Its hell everywhere. ODU has several commuter parking lots, and even in the summer, which is the least busy time of the year, you can rarely find a parking space. Between the hours of 9 to 3, its pretty bad. I typically park at the Constant Center which is a lot better, you'll have the grueling task of walking across the street (sarcasm), but its a lot better than the anything on Elkhorn!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,1/1/2013,63,174,,10,5>On a friend's recommendation, my wife and I visited Yukai on a Friday night before a movie. The restaurant is located on Laskin Rd in Virginia Beach's Hilltop area, and has seen various lives as two or three different themed buffets over the last 20+ years. We hadn't been in the building since it was the Old Country Buffet --- and boy, has it changed; and much for the better.The restaurant is still laid out as a buffet, but the food offerings now have a healthier Asian orientation instead of the usual roast beef, fried chicken and instant mashed potatoes, or the deep-fried foods at the Americanized chinese buffets. The sushi is not the most exotic I've ever had, but the selection is varied --- probably 10-15 different types of rolls --- kept chilled, and reasonably fresh. Well-prepared seafood dishes included three different sashimi offerings, fresh steamed flounder, shrimp prepared a half-dozen different ways (the coconut shrimp were especially good - of course it was; it was the one made with sugar, coconut milk and shredded coconut), steamed alaskan crab legs, very tender steamed mussels and clams, a couple of real crab dishes (no steamed blue crabs, however), and probably a half-dozen baked (not fried) fish dishes in different preparations. If you get past the seafood, there is a Hibachi grill station where a server lightly grills your meat, vegetable, noodle and spice selections for you, without soaking your food in oil in the process. In addition to the really good stuff, there's a nice selection of other vegetables and fresh fruit, plus a smaller selection of the more traditional Chinese items (including one dim sum offering, which was not done very well) for the take-out Chinese fans. And, if you're still hungry after all that, you can top off the meal with the usual little cakes, vanilla pudding and machine-made-right-before-your-eyes frozen yogurt for dessert. A dessert twist here is the addition of a chocolate fountain and fresh strawberries and other items to dip, which seemed to be especially popular with the kids. The only Asian food items that were noticably absent were all things Thai --- I surely could have eaten some steamed spring rolls, if they had been offered.The restaurant's servers and buffet table employees operate as a well-oiled machine, and keep your table, the buffet tables, the floors and everything else in the restaurat very clean and pleasant. No left-over plates on your table, constantly topped-off beverages, new silverware (or chopsticks) after every new plate if you want it, no dropped food or napkins left on the floors, and very little mess on the serving tables and around the food items (and there were a lot of kids there). And all of this order is being maintained while being very polite and attentive to customers. No light conversations and banter with the customers, like you might get from your server at a more expensive restaurant --- they're too busy for that at Yukai. But very professinal, pleasant and quick service from everyone we met at the restaurant.Our buffet frame of reference is a little limited these days, and the $13.95 price seemed very reasonable to us, given the variety and overall pretty good quality of the food offerings. If you're looking for a buffet experience with healthier, Asian food offerings in a very pleasant restaurant environment, give Yukai a try.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/30/2012,21,9,,2,1>I went to Bodega last night with a group of my girlfriends. We have been canvasing Hampton Roads in search for fabulous Tapas and Wine. We all loved Bodega! We shared 4 or 5 bottles of wine and tasted 10 of the Tapas. We had reservations for 8pm but arrived early and sat at the bar. We were seated at our table early and our server was wonderful. Our glasses were never empty and the food came out quickly. The ambiance at Bodega was perfect. Its a charming little gem and we will all be visiting Bodega again in the future!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,12/29/2012,22,80,,3,1>I really enjoyed myself last week at Vintage Kitchen. I ordered the mac and cheese (wow... even reheated the next day it was still great!) and the spicy caesar salad. The salad was great, in fact, I offered to share some with my dad and sister and my dad ended up eating more than half, I was just paying attention to the view that I forgot to take it back from him. Oh well. The olive tapenade crostini on top was great, and I don't like olives. My sister ordered the catch of the day which was atlantic salmon in a creamy wine sauce. It was really, really good. My dad ordered the beef tenderloin. He finished it in about 10 minutes without letting us try any, so I'd assume he enjoyed it. We all shared the mashed potatoes which were amazing as well. My sister and I split the vanilla creme brulee. It was great. The service was excellent. The waitress seemed to genuinely care about how we liked our food.  I knocked off a star because I am confused by the dress code. I thought this was at least business casual, but there were people in jeans, shorts and t-shirts. Maybe I overdress, but business casual to me is a sundress, khakis or a polo. I had on a sundress and wedge sandals and felt very overdressed. After seeing the way Hampton Roads-ians dress when I went to Wicked last week and then people watching at Vintage Kitchen, I really would like to start "What Not to Wear: Norfolk." All in all, I had a great time and will definitely return!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,12/28/2012,1,45,,1,1>My wife and I had the baked Brie appetizer, a caesar salad, blue cheese salad, the shrimp étouffée, and ny strip.  The baked Brie was huge and tasted awesome!  It had a nice crust and was drizzled with some kind of honey, had caramelized apples, strawberries and blueberries, and crispy bread.  The caesar salad was really good too and had the perfect amount of dressing.  The étouffée was good, but the ny strip was very good and super tender.  It looked more like a filet.  The beer list was very good, the service was superb.  John was great!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,12/27/2012,0,6,2,6,2>I'm surprised this place hasn't been reviewed more. It's my favorite place for lunch in Downtown Norfolk. I've never once had a bad meal there, and I've worked my way through a fair bit of the menu.The guys use quality ingredients and a touch of creativity to serve up some of the best sandwiches in town. My favorites are the Honker, a steak sandwich with smoked gouda, and the Figgy Piggy - roast pork with fig glaze and aioli on sourdough bread.Is it good for your waistline? I doubt that highly. But they have salads if you care about that sort of thing.You'll pay upwards of $10 for your sandwich, side and drink. The order takes about 15-20 minutes to prepare.Seating is ample: tables, booths or counter.Service is friendly.Go there. Try the food. Bring a friend.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,12/26/2012,8,13,,1,1>Love love love them. We only really go for sushi. Their Norfolk shrimp roll is amazing! Service is always very friendly, fast, and professional. They have a special alot of the time that is $15 for soup or salad an appetizer and two rolls. Which is awesome considering one roll alone ranges from $10-$13.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/25/2012,231,461,,7,1>I can't believe I have not written a review on this place yet. The bread.... THE BREAD! OMG. I am not a huge bread person but I know awesome bread when I taste it. This place, has some of the best bread, brought in from Florida daily. The real deal Cuban bread. On that note, if you are a fan of Cuban sandwiches, try the Cubano. It is fantastic. Another great menu item is the roasted tomato bruschetta. The roasting of the tomato brings out the natural sweetness and gives it a nice, almost sauce like flavor. They serve it up on that delicious bread I happened to mention earlier. They make the best damn Margarita I have had. They also make some killer drinks with lychee. If you have not had lychee you are missing out. They make a puree that is used in the lychee drinks and it is absolutely amazing. They also have some beers here that I have never heard of that are great. They have a black ale that is killer. It looks like a porter, has a full bodied taste like a porter or stout but feels like any other golden ale when it goes down. I found it incredible to get that full bodied taste in a beer but not have it feel like I was eating my beer because it was so heavy.They have an in-house musician, Justin that plays piano. He is amazing and I found it very relaxing while enjoying my beer.This place has a lot to offer.... especially if you like cigars.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,12/24/2012,13,27,1,4,3>Holy moly, this place is the jackpot of donut places, as far as I'm concerned. I visited after coming across reviews, and my inner fat kid rejoiced. We sampled the Samoa, blueberry pancake & bacon, orange juice, strawberry pancake, and cinnamon swirl (the Orange cream ninja donut from our six pack awaits us). All were delicious - especially the blueberry pancake & bacon and Samoa. I may have committed blasphemy this morning by saying that the Samoa donut was better than its inspiration. All of the flavors were very inventive; the orange juice was on the less adventurous side, but still really good.One thing that I really like about this place, too, is that they post their flavors on Facebook on a daily basis. If you discover a personal favorite, you can FB stalk to your heart's content to find out when they'll have that flavor back in stock.Very reasonably priced, especially when comparing to a famous Hot Now donut chain. This is not exact (boyfriend paid), but I'm pretty sure that individual donuts were around $1, and you can knock off a few cents by getting a six-pack or a dozen. They also have juices & coffee on site if you want to eat at their picnic tables. A six pack and two OJs were less than $10.Definitely worth the drive down 17. We'll be heading back!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,12/23/2012,16,72,,5,3>Book your next haircut with Erika. I asked for Kate Middleton, I got Kate Middleton. Erika had no problem wrangling my thick hair with a round brush after she gave me a fantastic cut that will make my hair healthier. Also, she can give a mean scalp massage! Interpersonally, Erika is warm and professional and a lot of fun to talk to. AND she has Sunday and Monday hours too, even though the salon advertises Tuesday-Saturday. I can't wait to book my next appointment!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,12/22/2012,27,62,,2,1>Pad thai!! Get me some now!!Went here on a whim, and ordered a couple items off the lunch menu. About 5 minutes later, the waiter came back and was very apologetic that he gave us the wrong menus and that lunch was over. Unfortunately for us, the same dishes 10 minutes earlier would have been much cheaper... but lucky for us, both dishes were delicious!Hubby got the roast duck (a huge platter of it!) which he said was very tasty. I got the pad thai, which was phenomenal, and there was SO MUCH of it! It fed me for like, three days. The place was pretty empty, and our waiter was super-attentive. Like, almost obnoxiously so... Like, he refilled both of our glasses every time we took a sip. Which was annoying, because he would take the whole glass to refill it, so you'd take a bite of your food, take a sip of soda, waiter would take the glass, come back with it refilled to the brim, you'd take a bit, another sip, and repeat. But, I'd rather an attentive waiter than an inattentive one, so that's only a minor complaint. He was friendly, and the food was delicious.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/21/2012,16,135,,2,1>I was about to give up on Thai food while living here in Newport News... that was until I found this little gem! The vegetarian menu is awesome, the food is tasty, and not over cooked! The staff was soooo friendly. We sat inside and our toddler made a giant mess and as I was cleaning it up they insisted I stop and its their job. I am 120% satisfied with this place! I would def. go again. I would also like to add their noodles were cooked perfectly. I am so thankful I found something to eat that wasn't chicken or steak here and that actually tastes AMAZING!  I got the veggie pad thai with springs rolls and a ginger salad. The salad dressing was foodgasm worthy.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,12/20/2012,464,705,4,6,3>Hands down the best and freshest seafood I have had in the HR area. What I never understood is that HR is by the coast. Whether there is fish or not in the area, there should always always be good seafood. People talk about good seafood and tell me to go to AW Shucks or 456 fish. If that is what you call good, then the bar is set real low.I finally found this place after seeing an advertisement at the Norfolk Airport (I refuse to use the world "international" until I actually take a flight out of there to a real foreign country and not somewhere like Florida). I was stunned that they don't take reservations so you need to get there early and you need to anticipate a wait!They have everything you would expect to find at a good seafood place from fresh local catches to delicious fresh lobster. Decorated with the typical fisherman's decor, you walk in knowing what you're getting yourself into. It's pricey! Go all out though because it's worth it. My recommendation: Fresh flounder (it's local) and get it stuffed with lump crab meat. Probably the best fish dish I've had in the US and I eat a lot of fish. Their Manhattan clam chowder is good too, but it has a little too many potatoes for my liking. My friend ordered the Cajun Catfish and it came with a cool wasabe sauce which turned out to be phenomenal. They have a nice list of desserts and, o yah!, don't forget the fried soft shell crab!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/19/2012,99,254,2,4,2>Wow. Wow. Wow. And did I mention WOW?!The location of this place threw me off....I wasn't expecting a phenomenal little raw vegan place in Oceanview! Random.But the customer service is absolutely spectacular. The night I went, the waiter was gracious and sweet and explained the entire menu (in a helpful, not condescending way.)I'm vegan -- but even *I* sometimes scoff at the idea of raw. Before Quenna's my thought process on raw went something like this: Raw? I mean, what, crudités plate? A salad? Maybe some gazpacho? Who would feel full on that?But Quenna's is SO much more than that. They have an extensive menu that changes daily. The food was full of flavor, had great texture, was visually appealing, and was just flat out yummy. Seriously. It was yummy. And I left feeling so full that I actually took half my plate with me to go.And the bread is raw too?? How do they DO that??
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,12/18/2012,56,193,,7,4>Great oil change! Why you may ask?? Well for one you don't even get out of the car, if the bays are full someone comes out and greets you and lets you know about ow long it will be. This is my 2nd time here and I have never waited longer than ten minutes. When you pull in they take your mileage and get to work, they check the lights, battery etc as you watch them work on tv monitors that even show the guy under the car. After you pay abput 43.00 cupons available online, you drive around the corner of the building for your FREE carwash and since this is a real carwash your car gets vacumed the mats beat out etc and while you wait in the A/C they dry it off and clean the dash and windows! This place has won best of the beach for 12 years running and is tops in customer service. The really nice thing is there is no hard sell for extra services, they offer car batteries done while you wait in the car and they offer an upgraded car wash but don't give you tude if you don't want it. On the value vs time spent scale this is great!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,12/17/2012,155,241,3,3,3>The first time I went to Baker's Crust wasn't the best experience so I opted to not write a review. The only good thing was they let us bring our dog to the outdoor patio area.I decided it was time to have another go at it.I got the Country eggs benedict and Cream cheese danish and a cup of coffee. OK. I didn't plan on eating AAAllll of it .. but somehow I managed. Minus the 5 pieces of little crispy potato squares.The eggs benedict comprised of perfectly poached eggs and a tasty hollandaise sauce (though maybe a little more lemon would be nice) and an english muffin. I did not care too much for the country ham though. It's probably just me. The other components were amazing though.The cheese danish was good, too. It was a bit tough which leads me to believe it wasn't fresh but still .. not bad. The coffee was standard restaurant fare.All in all, I really enjoyed the food and our server was very friendly. Though the service was a little slower (and maybe we jokingly said they forgot about us) than we had hoped, I was hanging out with a friend and the hunger didn't hurt so much since we had lots to talk about.I would definitely go back though. The eggs man. PERFECTLY POACHED.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,12/16/2012,28,86,4,5,2>BEST HAPPY HOUR! that says it all. If youre a cheapo like me, you'll love this place! they have a happy hour everyday & theres always specials on both food & drinks. This place is far from fancy so if you dont like being served on plastic plates sometimes, then don't go. But if you like somewhere to chill, watch the game, play some pool, drink a pitcher, and not spend tons of money, this is for you.Would give it 5 stars if not for the occasional bad waitress. Service is usually good, but sometimes you get that waitress that likes to talk instead of do her job. Luck of the draw I suppose.   This place appeals to so many groups : couples, drunks, college kids, hipsters, gangstas, white trash grandpas, etc.   Sounds like this would be a bad thing, but it isnt. Coexistence... Everyone loves a cheap cool bar/pub to hang out at!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,12/15/2012,31,70,,2,2>Pungo Veterinary Clinic is an awesome group! If you are looking for a group of vets who truly love animals and put their heart and soul into their work, then this is the group you want. Sometimes it's hard to get on their patient list because as soon as some new patient spots open up, they are quickly filled! This entire practice is made up by people who very obviously care about animals. Their prices are reasonable and they even call to check on your beloved pet if they are seriously ill or have had surgery. Another way I know that these are some truly dedicated staff members is their contribution to volunteer organizations. They work with the Feral Cat program, where they capture, spade/neuter and release feral cats living in the Sandbridge area. They have also been involved in rescue cases that were in dire need of surgery. Good people!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,12/14/2012,22,104,,7,2>I am now HAPPY to report that Thai is back on the menu!!! I admit it, I have been missing Thai food since my ol' favorite place was forced out due to renovations.   Located on Hampton Blvd near NIT, this is not necessarily a hot bed of culinary prowess.  This could change.  I saw the new sign go up a couple weeks ago for Thai Best Cuisine while I was going to enjoy one of my new favorite spots for Sushi, and now I know I have a new go-to spot to placate my pad-thai hunger, to quench my curry cravings, and satisfy my urge for Sum Tum that is yum yum!!!I admit, I immediately lowered my expectation because although clean, bright, and smelling great, it was basic wood table tops, straight back chairs,  and glass storefront with a view to the parking lot.  We had our choice of seating because with only 10-days under their belt, the word hasn't gotten out yet.  Once we sat down, we decided to go with our standard dishes so that we could truly test how they stacked up.  So, with an order of SumTum (spicy papaya salad), Chicken Pad Thai, SPICY Chicken Pad Thai, and Chicken Green Curry ordered, we waited.  During our respectably brief wait for food, the owner Pat, talked to us pleasantly and with a genuine sense of fun, it was refreshing.  Once our food arrived, it was a wonderful thing.  The SumTum was spot on.  Spicy, and fresh with the crisp crunch of freshly stringed Papya.  Spiced just right and a great start. The Pad Thai (both varieties) were soft, sweet, and flavor packed just like they should be.  The Green Curry was delicious. Again, freshness, and texture are important.  The coconut milk giving it that thicker-than-broth, creamy texture along with the perfect amount of spices over sticky rice.. oh, good grief, I get goose bumps.  I digress, sorry.  I really do recommend you hit this place because as long as this quality stays, you owe yourself the visit.  Good luck and happy eating!!!ADDENDUM!!! My one and only barely reasonable gripe was addressed beautifully.  The dining room is now pleasantly screened from staring folks on the sidewalk by tasteful decor, and I get that "private dining" feel that I love when I go to a place with such remarkable food.. and yes, the food was OH SO GOOD.  I will say it again, take the time, make the drive, you will be glad you did.  Hope to see you there!!!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,12/13/2012,255,146,,2,1>MacArthur on Ice was pretty cool. I organized a bunch of the singles from my church to come here and we had a great turn out and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves. They have a separate area for the smaller kids to skate and not get pummeled by flailing adults. Bring the wife and kids and enjoy a night out in Norfolk. I did this a few years back and felt the same way, its a quality event.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,12/12/2012,22,20,,2,1>I am not an expert on Korean food by any means, but I have had my share of Korean fare in Virginia over the last 10 years. If you're looking for a quick fix for some of the basic Korean staples during a lunch break I think this is a good spot. There are budget conscious lunch specials around $5 that feature rice, two sides (6 choices) and 2 featured meats (4 choices). If you are looking for a bit more there are other lunch specials up to $10 in price.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,12/11/2012,1,104,4,5,4>After another trip to "The Dip" as I will now call it, I was quite the happy fatty. I ended up getting the Butterfinger fro yo with yellow cake and brownie. Yum yum yum! Once again, remember the sample cups! The cashier was super friendly and I had a great time embarrassing my friend with my random outbursts of randomness. Oh, and they have a whipped cream machine on the counter by the cash register. Dog friendly (eat outside) and kid friendly.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,12/10/2012,107,136,3,5,3>First experience with service and food were top notch!  Be prepared to wait...Enjoying the variety of mimosas is part of the Citrus experience.    Sweet potato biscuit was good.  Seafood Omelette was delicious!!!  I loved the combination of seafood, provolone and bits of bacon.  I believe our waitresses name was Samantha?  She rocked!  I would def request for her again.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,12/9/2012,12,78,,2,4>Oh, yes. Groupon scores again. I've discovered so many good restaurants through them and The Bent Fork Grill was no exception. It's a small place with only a couple of stools at the counter and a small 2 chair table inside, but there are a lot of picnic tables outside. Highly reminds me of places in Austin and that was a HUGE factor in giving it 5 stars vs. 4.The staff was nice and patient since it took me and my friend some time to decide what to get. I settled on the Cowboy Burger which was just a cheeseburger with bacon and ketchup/barbeque sauce, but it was a delicious burger. My friend got a hot dog (forgot the name) with onions, mustard, and cream cheese (yes!) and she loved it. I'm also a fry snob and their fries were perfect - golden and just the right amount of salty. Usually, I have to add salt. Definitely coming back to sit outside, enjoy some good food (and beer), and play cornhole with good friends.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,12/8/2012,195,115,2,5,3>I can't say enough... I am not Jewish, but Kosher meats are the best. And well, when I come in here I feel I need to ask for forgiveness in about 50 religions anyway... so... it's all good!!!I have had the Ruben burger, the Skirt Steak sandwich, the fries with brown gravy, the Almost Famous Corned Beef Hash Omelet with cheese, and a variety of the Carnegie desserts (to die for!!!)Ok, the burger... instant food coma, and there is no cute way to eat this thing ladies, wear an old shirt and take a shovel! It's gonna just need to be attacked from all sides! Oh and don't forget the bib hahaha! It's a half pound burger and a pound of corned beef and pastrami smothered in provolone & I get mine with grilled onions! It's like 6" high!!!Now the skirt steak, it is on delicious fresh bread smothered in a garlic butter with grilled onions and provolone cheese... HEAVEN!!!, It's no little thing over a pound of steak!!!The omelet... I just hope you are hungry, I think it's like 4 eggs, and well, it's a small flying saucer on a plate but YUMMY! Greg & I made 4 meals on it I think. Brown gravy... delish!!! Desserts... too many to name, all fresh from NYC's Carnegie Deli... only thing I can say is DAMN they are HUGE and after those sandwiches, get them to go... and you get a $1 off if you do...so... long review short... great food, bad diet plan!!! (not cheap either but you gotta live life on the wild side right?!??)
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,12/7/2012,93,48,3,8,4>COUNTRY, RAP, ALCOHOL, SUPPORTERS OF ADULTS ACTING LIKE KIDS (WAAR), and LIVE MUSIC!!! What more can a person ask for when you are going out after a long hard week at work! This place is amazing and they just expanded!!They have a mechanical bull that you can ride for just $5! The bar itself is split into three sections the rap/hip hop bar, the country bar, and the out door patio with the live stage! All of the bars are really spacious with seating and lots of space to move your romp! They also have cornhole and pool tables outside for extra enjoyment! The food and drinks are typical of a bar. Their food is ok, not the greatest in the world. If you are sitting at a table during a packed bar scene do not expect great service. I have waited up to an hour for our waitress to come back with food that was the wrong order. The drink are super cheap $2 well drinks and $1 beers!!! They also have a southern crush, which will knock you on your butt.I love this place! It is definitely one of the best places to go out in Hampton Roads!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2012,12/6/2012,88,68,1,11,4>Never judge a book by it's cover. Or in this case a restaurant by it's exterior. Usually when you travel around a city looking for a good place to go to without any assistance from any one of numerous social media outlets or food reviews the first impression you get of a place is how it looks on the outside. Maybe it's the design of the building, it's size whether massive or "hole in the wall,"  or even the cool neon lit marquee with interesting color scheme that draws you in. Luckily, we do have the luxury of good friends, social media outlets, and food reviews to guide us in the right direction sometimes. Otherwise you might miss a place that offers a satisfying, flavorful, and enjoyable experience serving delicious Korean food like Asahi.I went here last night with my gf and two of my good friends to experience Asahi ("family" in Korean) for the first time. The outside of the restaurant has the name of the restaurant in "Oriental" style lettering and is located next to a small hole in the wall pizzeria.  The one window for the restaurant was covered with blinds so you couldn't see inside. Just a name and a door to walk through.Upon entering, the restaurant looks a little small with a small dining area to the right with about 6-7 booths and then another area to the left for large parties and karaoke which they also advertise.  There is also a small 5 seat area for the sushi bar.  The first thing we noticed when we got there was that the whiteboard had a special on Bulgogi Tacos and Lettuce Wraps with BBQ Pork Belly. While both caught my eye I definitely wanted some Pork Belly.We sat down and ordered and were greeted by the first of what would be two of our most friendly waitresses.  They welcomed us for our first time being there and took our drink orders to which we requested the Watermelon Soju we had seen so many raving reviews about.  She also served us a complementary "appetizer" of Korean Crackers which she described it may look like popcorn but is like the childhood favorite cereal Smacks.  Eagerly we dove in and picked a few pieces. It was ok to me, tasted chewy and stale with a slight hint of sweetness. Maybe that's the way they're supposed to taste. Then again I'm no Korean Cracker conniseur. I'll have to consult my friends across the water who live there about that one lol. As we anxiously awaited our drink, we took a look at the menu and it is true to form with Korean dishes true to the language and with descriptions.  We were also served "banchan" which are condiments meant to supplement the main dishes we were to order they were about 8 small dishes ranging from pickled radish, fried anchovies, kim chee, sesame bean sprouts, and kim chee infused cucumber to name a few. Then the Watermelon Soju came out and it was a presentation to say the least.  Soju is a national alcohol of Korea like Vodka is associated with Russians. Asahi's drink was mixed with the Watermelon and served in a hollowed half of watermelon complete with mini ladle and  2 inch tall skinny shot glasses around for the table.  The first thing everyone at the table thought was, "Why shot glasses?" Well it serves it's purpose as we found out you definitely need them to pace yourself as it's not a strong drink but tasty and a "creeper." by the end of the night. I think I might have had about 10 shot glasses worth by the end of the night.I decided to get an order of their Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap which is similar to Bi Bim Bap (White rice and Shredded Beef with Shredded Carrots, Cabbage, Greens, and Cucumber all topped with a Sunny Side Up egg and garnished with shredded seaweed). The big difference is the Dol Sot version is served in a super hot stone bowl which keeps the ingredients hot throughout the meal (and yes it keeps it burn your throat hot for about a good 10 minutes!)  It's served with a side of spicy sauce.  When the bowl arrived in front of me I was excited. I had only had this dish a few times before at Tasty Korean BBQ and wanted to see if the bowl did what the description stated (enhances the flavor of the ingredients). While it did just that I felt it was missing a bit of salt and thought it could have had a lot more beef to make it substantial. My gf got the Bulgogi which comes with onions and green onions (since my gf doesn't like onions they served it on the side). It was a healthy portion and luckily I was able to get some of that into my Bi Bim Bap.  Our friends got the Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap and the Galbi which are BBQ'd Short Ribs. Also a healthy portion and served with a side of rice.  See the photos for proof :) If there's one thing that people associate Korean BBQ with it's the beef and Asahi's is well cooked with a good balance of sweet, char, and soy which makes it addicting to eat.  While it may be off the beaten path for some it's definitely worth the visit. Don't be alarmed by the surroundings or you'll miss out on a good food experience!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,12/5/2012,96,146,3,3,2>Amazing flavor. Authentic Italian gelato. I can't tell you how awesome this experience was. Super friendly. Price was very affordable. Flavors were off the chains! Italian Bacio just like in my home town in Italy!I look forward to coming here again, I just wish they had a treadmill in the store :P
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,12/4/2012,65,174,4,4,3>Oh Bier Garden. I can't pronounce a lot of the things on your menu but it's all so good. I've been here a few times. The first time it was my 21st and they had 120 minute Dogfish Head IPA....ON TAP. Well, that's all I needed mainly because it was 18% alc. The bartender is hilarious mainly because the next time I went there he said, "what ridiculously strong drink are you choosing this time?" I love this place mostly because I love beer. If they don't have it on tap I'm about 99% sure they'll have it in a bottle. The atmosphere is chill, inviting, and very.....well, German. The Shnitzel (sp?) is delicious but my number one love is their burger. The Bier Garden burger with grilled onions, mushrooms, bits of bacon and provolone? WHAAAT!? awesome. Compliment that with a nice big glass of a Heifeweisen and it's a good day. They have a nice big patio outside and indoors it's a little small but I never have a problem getting a table.Iz das gud! (my awful attempt at German....don't judge).
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,12/3/2012,533,177,2,14,6>I have been looking for real Kielbasa for years in Virginia and North Carolina.  There used to be a market where I grew up that had it and haven't found any for many years - until today.  Kielbasa Euro Deli is small.  But I knew I found it when I opened the front door and was greeted by the fantastic aroma of real smoked Kielbasa.   They have a number of kinds of Kielbasa and other meats and have a lot of cool looking foods I'll have to try.  But today I was on the hunt for the Kielbasa.  I got home and tried some and it is heaven!!  The real deal!!  I'll be back soon for more.  I'm taking some to North Carolina for my Dad tomorrow - he has been longing for some real Kielbasa and I can't wait to see the look on his face when he sees and smells and tastes this awesome Kielbasa.  (I've posted a few pics).  (Wish the pics could portray the great aroma.)
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,12/2/2012,28,39,,3,2>Whenever my 2 coworkers and I decide to eat lunch in downtown Norfolk, Rama Garden is normally the winner or runner-up. Featuring the best Thai food I've ever had, you should certainly pay them a visit. Between the three of us we've never had a bad meal. The staff is extremely friendly and everyone always has a smile on their face. I'm a creature of habit so I've only ever ordered one thing, but that's how good it is. The Pad See Eaw (either shrimp or just veggies) is what I've landed on. All lunches come with their house salad that's served with some sort of peanut dressing that's to die for! The inexpensive price tag on meals isn't a bad thing either. My leftovers made a great dinner the following night!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,12/1/2012,50,17,2,3,3>Beers are huge, food portions are massive, pool tables, sports on the tvs, live music.  It's a hole in the wall kind of bar scene, but if that's what you're going for, boomshakalaka. A friend went for their 20oz. burger - thing was HUGE!  We had their ultimate nachos (two healthy appetites couldn't finish it), and split the giant phillysteak sandwich.  Everything was great. EXCEPT for the $5 charge to get in.  Then again, if that's how the bands get paid, I understand.  But I paid to see a country band -- something I'm not the fondest of.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,11/30/2012,509,292,10,5,4>This place has over 100 amazing reviews so I'm not going to be able to say much that hasn't already been said... I don't care if you go here to eat, pee, hit up the gift shop or whatever, but you must, absolutely MUST try their staple cocktail, the orange crush. It is the best drink I have ever had and after our visit here, I had to be taken home because I was too drunk to even walk straight.. It is right on the beach, and my husband and I attempted to take a beach walk afterwards, which failed because I turned into a 16 year old girl who had never had a drink in her life, twirling around and falling on my ass in the sand laughing uncontrollably. Very unlike me when I imbibe. Trust me, VA Beach cops have absolutely no tolerance for public intoxication, and well.. I was certainly well over the limit of being socially acceptable. Cant wait to go back, and pace myself.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,11/29/2012,68,22,,10,7>I absolutely love Ihaw Ihaw.  It's sad to hear that a few of my friends had a bad experience at this place.  My boyfriend and I on the other hand eat here at least once a week!  We usually order the same thing:  torta, sisig, bbq and/or pork belly (& of course with sinigang sabaw on the side!) The servers have always treated us kindly.  They give more than enough food and the price here is cheaper than other Filipino restaurants I've tried.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,11/28/2012,13,7,,4,2>I had the most amazing  Sushi and Teriyaki Chicken today. There lunch special is for  2 Sushi rolls and bowl of soup for $10 and the Chicken was under $7 with fried rice. This is one of the better Japanese Steak Houses I have been to.A must if you like Sushi.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,11/27/2012,64,156,2,5,3>So four friends on mine tried to tackle the 'Dirty Buffalo Challenge' and failed miserably. The best part being not one of them was upset because they all had about 3 pounds of Dirty Buffalo leftovers!This restaurant continues to be my favorite place in Norfolk, and their mac n cheese has never been anything less than perfect! I suggest a Dirty Chick, in BBQ Sauce, with extra cheese and possibly some bacon. You may gain 5 pounds looking at their menu but the happiness that come from a locally owned delicious dinner is well worth it.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/11/2012,11/26/2012,144,389,2,4,2>I had never been to the CineBistro. I had heard a few of my friends talking about it. Nice mash up of a bunch of different ideas. Pricey food. Great movie watching experience. Bowling. Sounded interesting.We reserved 2 bowling lanes, for a after dinner event for a birthday affair. I am not a bowler (there is a 9 lane bowling alley upstairs) so I walked around. Pool. Bowling. Soft-tip dart boards. Shuffleball. Movies. expensive food and drink.The place was clean. Our server was attentive. The two large TV screens that made up the back wall of the bowling alley, were a nice distraction (though we were in the midst of a Noah level downpour, and the DirecTV petered out numerous times.We'll come back and try out the movie experience (though I am a solid fan of the Cinema Cafe, which is not too far from this storefront). And. Darts. It'll be great to throw darts, without coming out of a restaurant /bar smelling like a piece of cigarette smoked fish.As in the other venues in the Peninsula Town Center, you have to pay Hampton oppressive food tax, and the ridiculous PTC tax for the privilege of coming here.Park in the lot, so you do not have to pay the parking meters at PTC.Decent experience this afternoon. Looking to try out the other items offered here.@Removeyourhat
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,11/25/2012,46,196,,6,4>Wow, this is not only delicious but it also won't hurt your wallet.  I didn't find a menu on-line so I ordered when I got there.  I wanted a dinner special of shrimp with Chinese vegetables but it wasn't one of their specials.....so he made it for me anyways.  No problem.  I didn't have to wait long before he brought my to-go order with soy/duck/Chinese mustard and fortune cookie all wrapped up in a bag.  No chop sticks though, I'm glad I have my own at home.This is food made with care.  The inside of the egg roll had COLOR in it.  Not the white cabbage with mystery brown stuff like most other places.  See pic....what a delight.  The pork fried rice had PORK in it, no kidding and pieces of scrambles EGG....we eat with our eyes first and my eyes were ravenous for this food.  It was delicious.The shrimp was plentiful, cooked perfectly and a very nice size...see pic..  And, my fortune cookie said, "Serious trouble will bypass you" so glad I went there.Drive the few extra minutes as I did and support quality food.There is also a YELP discount when you check in.  $2.00 off a $15.00 purchase.  My purchase...$8.80, couldn't use it.I noticed that they also have brown rice, after I had ordered.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/24/2012,280,260,,4,2>Azar's is one of my favorite places to eat in Norfolk. I'm a sucker for the regular, so I always get the lamb kabob. Not only is the lamb really favorable, but they also have these amazing roasted tomatoes that almost melt in your mouth. Mmmmmmmm. I really like coming here for business lunches or even just a private conversation with a friend because once you order your food you won't get bothered by a waiter or waitress. They have a nice little outside patio which is pet friendly. I don't know what it is, I just always feel good and relaxed whenever I come to Azar's. It's my kinda place :)
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,11/23/2012,83,62,2,7,4>I just got back from an incredible dining experience at this local eatery - some of the best Szechuan cuisine in the Hampton Roads area. I met up with my friend, Lorie, and she was excited because she heard Judy's served the "soup dumplings" that she traveled all the way to NYC for. I was merely excited to try out a new spot (Judy stated that she's only been open for six weeks). Walking in the place, I noticed it was a little bare - they haven't received their ABC license yet so the bar in the corner was empty. There were a couple of parties already dining but it wasn't busy. I was seated immediately by Judy and was served by Frieda. Both ladies were friendly and accommodating and were eager to make suggestions and explain the menu.Like Jade Villa, which is nearby, Judy's offers an American and a Chinese menu. But unlike Jade, its menu is different since Judy's offers Szechuan cuisine, as opposed to Jade's Cantonese. So if you're looking for dim sum here then you're out of luck. That may be a drawback for some, but Judy's offers some very delectable dishes that will make you forget about dim sum... at least while you're dining here.For anyone not in the know, General Tso's chicken ISN'T a Chinese dish. It's one of the many misnomers that Judy wants to tackle by serving what she knows and loves - true Szechuan food. Everything on the menu looked great and it took a lot for Lorie and I to not order the entire menu. But we settled on the beef noodle soup, onion pancakes, watercress in garlic sauce, and the aforementioned soup dumplings (i.e., xiao long bao).Every dish was amazing as they were full of flavor and delight. Both Judy and Frieda were quick to show us how to eat the dishes and provided small sample bowls of sauces that helped enhance the flavor of each. I can't thank them enough for their knowledge and their hospitality - it made an already pleasant dining experience even better. It's safe to say that I instantly love Judy's. Dining here would easily have you believe you're eating somewhere in China... or at least a spot off of Lexington Ave in NYC. If you're in the area and are craving some authentic Szechuan you don't need to take the Chinese bus like Lorie did... just head over to Pembroke!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,11/22/2012,34,76,2,4,2>I took a fully beaded Carmen Marc Valvo dress to Manee for some mega alterations and she nailed it.  I was worried, it wasn't a cheap dress.  So I've got a big bust, tiny waist and a big ole butt and she took it in accordingly....I now call it my Marilyn dress!  I do promotional work and I have pretty much everything altered.  I'm glad I have found someone in this area that I can trust.  She said it took her 4 hours to remove the beads for the alterations and then she carefully replaced them.  I can't tell because it looks like it was made for me from the start.  Had her take in pants, a skirt suit, skirts, shorts and even a faux fur jacket and they all look great.  If there is an issue when you try it on she readily pins it again and has it fixed as soon as you need it.  And there is no language barrier.  I will take more things here.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,11/21/2012,61,127,1,4,3>It seems like I only make it to Mojito Cafe about once every six months or so & EVERY TIME I find myself wondering why I waited so long to come back. I love the atmosphere, friendly service, & most importantly- the food & the mojitos! It's impossible for me to come here without drinking at least 2 mojitos. They go down like water! Every waitress & bartender makes them a bit differently here, so I occasionally end up with one that is too sweet or not strong enough, but they're always worth the calories, in my opinion :) Last sat I had the pleasure of having their conch fritters with tamarind remoulde for an app special & it was fantastic! I wanted to order more, but my husband shot me down since our table had already ordered 3 apps for 4 people & I was already on my 2nd mojito...! The other app we always get are the beef & chorizo empanadas- delish!! For entrees, I always enjoy the fish tacos & you can't go wrong with their catch of the day! For dessert, the banana caramel cheesecake concoction is AMAZING- definitely one of my fave desserts.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,11/20/2012,27,6,,3,2>I can't believe I have lived in Virginia Beach for 6 years and this was my first time here. I would have never known about this place if it wasn't for Groupon and that is a shame because this place is excellent and we will definitely be back.Everything we ate was delicious ranging from the Spaniard cheeseboard, bacon wrapped scallops, risotto, streak tataki, and the Queso Fundido.  The presentation was really neat too if you care about that sort of thing. There were 4 of us so for dessert we ordered the creme brulee, flaun, some chocolate thing, and key lime pie which did not disappoint. Dessert is not on the menu simply because it is made fresh each day and will change.Service was excellent as well as she very attentive to our needs and knowledgeable about the dishes and what flavors they have as oppose to just saying "It's good."Attire is as expected for ocean front venues, flip flops and shorts are just fine even though it looks nicer than the majority of venues down there.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,11/19/2012,47,141,,3,3>OMG, their fish tacos.  Honestly.  I got the blackened mahi fish tacos in the combo, used the green hot sauce, and was blown away.  Really fantastic.  Fish tacos may be my most favorite food and I find myself always disappointed trying them, but Baja Cantina really brought it.We also got the chips and salsa.  I'm pretty sure their salsa (which is more of a pico and is wonderful) is homemade. Awesome.  What made this place five star is their service though.  My friend and I sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender.  She was so friendly and just fantastic.I will definitely be returning here.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,11/18/2012,105,103,,3,1>Ate here tonight for dinner and had a wonderful experience. The waiter was very informative and accommodating. My dh and I shared the $.39 a shrimp (in groups of 10) appetizer. It was delicious. They were served in what smelled like Old Bay spices. They also weren't tiny prawns. :)We also shared a cobb salad and the waiter brought us some extra blue cheese! Yummo! Then thanks to Yelp our table was able to enjoy two free desserts received upon check-in. We will definitely be back. The have a great country atmosphere and live music on Friday nights. Hopefully we can check it out on a Friday night.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,11/17/2012,54,55,2,3,2>As a west coast native, I'm in full support of the introduction of the food truck culture to the Tidewater area.  And you should be, too.  I had never envisioned cupcakes as being a part of that culture, but this was before I had Twisted Sisters' cupcakes.I don't usually go for sweet stuff, but I know the difference between good and bad cake, and theirs is good.  Very good.  It's dense in a good way, as in the opposite of those dry, airy cupcakes that you can buy in grocery stores.  The icing they make is far beyond your run of the mill icing which is just sweet-sweet-sweet and kind of gives me a toothache.  I posted a pic of their "Irish Car Bomb" cupcake from the Eat the Streets 757 event which had Guinness chocolate cake and Bailey's icing, and I was pleased to be able to clearly detect both Guinness and Bailey's Irish Cream.  I felt drunk with love...  For cupcakes.  And this is really not like me.Plus they make really good sandwiches.  Their Chicken-Bacon-Ranch with homemade buttermilk ranch sauce was BANGIN.  So good that I had to take a bite before I snapped a picture.  (Sorry I'm not sorry.)
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,11/16/2012,31,234,8,7,6>I almost caused Jeff to get into a traffic accident when I freaked out at the very large "Pupuseria" sign. If you have never had these little pockets filled with joy, you need to broaden your horizons just a touch my friend, because compared to these babies, quesadillas can kiss my  ***. Throw some pickled cabbage slaw on, and the hottest sauce you can handle and you have now become an official Salvadoranian.  Come with a Spanish speaking friend, or be adventurous and just point. The food is fast, cheap, and tasty. Besides, what food is more fun to say than Pupusa?
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/15/2012,69,206,6,5,3>Seriously, who gives this place less than 5 stars?! It's the closest to Germany you can get without a passport! I usually have the schnitzel with nothing on it, just a squeeze of lemon. It's crispy fried and golden brown and delicious. I've also had the spicy wurst here and that was equally awesome. I assume they have to bake their own bread because it came out perfectly; piping hot, crispy and flaky outside and fluffy inside. The red cabbage and potato salad are my favorite sides to get here. They're both really good with a touch of vinegar that adds the right amount of acid to a filling dish. Yes, this place is really badly decorated, yes the table legs are uneven, yes you get served by treetrunk legged women speaking bad English that don't refill your water, even though they're kind of glaring at you while they watch TV --  but that's exactly what it was like in Germany! To sum it up, it's the kind of place that makes look forward to getting pregnant and being able to  eat whatever you want, whenever you want it, without judgment. I will visit this place anytime I'm in the neighborhood.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/14/2012,163,183,5,2,4>Indie Ghent Spot in yo face! This place is pretty cheel cheel. I like the very hole in the wall and extremely casual atmosphere. It's a small spot, so be aware of the no sitting while you grub rule. If you're lucky, you can sit at their uber small window bar seating with an awesome view of the parking lot. The decor is pretty eclectic, its like a starving artists personal a.d.d. Kitchenette. Love the wooden hand napkin holder turned paperweight. But don't look down, it's not clean. Apparently, some guests like to throw food on the floor and "feed the bears" as not stated in their chalkboard wall. They do suggest you pet the squirrels ha. Let's get on to the goodies. The food was amazing! Like there was a chance it wouldn't be. Turkey apple club with a side of mac salad. Best lunch you can have on a poor man's diet. As if the atmosphere wasn't enough to rave about, the food jumps in your taste buds and smacks the hunger out of your tummy. For serious, get on the band wagon! Because this place is beyond awesome!P.s. they deliver within the neighborhood. but why get delivery when you can enjoy the full scope of its awesomeness dinning in.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,11/13/2012,45,19,,3,2>After a long afternoon of bowling and some beer I wanted some good BBQ. I've heard many times of this County Grill from my co-workers and finally after driving by one I decided to go to this one. It was pretty pack when we got there but it was definitely worth the wait. We waited for about 20 minute before we got seated but before that we were drinking some of their selections of Beers that they had on tap. I love the variety of choices.Definitely love how they brought out paper to lay out on the table. To me it means you could get messy and just throw your bones on your table and not have to worry about being neat if it falls of the plate. We got a kick of all the sauces they have on the table. I ordered the Smokehouse ComboSmoked sausage, pit pulled pork & 1/3 rack of St. Louis ribs$17.99andBBQ Wing Combo.  smoked wings. Featured sauces daily. Served with sweet red pepper ranch dip & celery $9.49 - 15 wingFor one person that's a lot but luckily I was sharing with a friend. Thank goodness I did because even the platter was a lot. We had our other friend take some of the food from out table and still had leftovers. I love how juicy the sausage was. That was the first thing to disappear from the platter. We all tore the wings up as we were eating. I like how the outside of the ribs were charred a little and the rest of it was juicy. Don't forget to try all their sauce. I forgot which one I was my favorite. I think the Carolina because of the Vinegar and Savannah because of the mustard.  By the time we left.. you got people standing outside having a beer as they wait for their table. Definitely a good atmosphere. I'd suggest to come here around 5:00 pm if anything so you won't wait to long. But the wait don't matter after you try the food.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,11/12/2012,63,152,,3,3>Came here with some Yelpy friends and I gotta say this place is amazing! This is going to be a very short review because I still don't know half the things I ate, lol. I know the shrimp things (steamed and fried) were delicious. The bbq pork with the sweet sticky bun around it (Char siu baau?) ugh....just typing about it makes me want to go back and get more. Oh, yes. Please get there early because the line was ridiculously long for Sunday brunch.  The price wasn't that bad either. I think next time I will definitely try some of the sweet tofu. I'll make sure I save room for it, lol.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,11/11/2012,34,139,,2,1>Took my little guy here for a hair cut.  He's had so many crap hair cuts since we moved here three years ago.  Seriously, how hard is it to cut a boy's hair?  Anyways, he ended up with a nice cut here.  His only complaint was that  the trimmers didn't have the vacuums to keep hair off of him.  That drives him bonkers, but he survived and walked away looking fresh.  We'll probably return.  If they got the vacuum clippers, we'd definitely be back every time he needs his mop chopped.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,8/25/2012,11/10/2012,1,33,,4,4>UPDATE:My wife and I have decided to give up on Sushi King. We had a coupon from a Food Lion receipt and they wouldn't honor their own coupon even though it hadn't expired. The manager made a big stink about it, so we're writing them off.SEE UPDATE ABOVE!Being the sushi lovers that we are, my wife and I had been looking forward to visiting this new Sushi King. We decided to go for the lunch buffet and we were extremely pleased. The food was plentiful, fresh and tasty. The buffet menu was pretty big and comes with a soup and salad bar. Their service was prompt, friendly and thorough. As an added bonus you can see the chef's making the food, which always makes me feel better. This place is very clean, very spacious and new. They've already had their first health inspection and passed with flying colors. As long as they keep this up, I'll definitely come back. Good Job Sushi King. My recommendations are the Crazy monkey roll and the Saints roll. My wife recommends the Saints roll and the Volcano roll...... Enjoy!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/9/2012,11,11,,6,4>Yum! What a refreshing change from Mexican food places. The ordering style is similar to Chipotle or Moes, but the food is Asian/Thai. They had a delicious curry sauce, pineapple chutney sauce, tofu, and the toppings were fun to choose from! Great food for meat-eaters and vegetarians! Very trendy atmosphere. Great food families, singletons, or people on lunch breaks. Fast but delicious food!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,11/8/2012,200,13,22,3,5>Stuff White People Like #63 : Expensive Sandwiches If you are in the position where you need to take a white person to lunch for business or pleasure, saying "I know a great sandwich shop," will always bring out a smile.Today I went with Peter's Pick and I must admit, Peter's pick was pretty proper!  Smoked Turkey on flatbread with provolone and house dressing with drink and chips for $8!  Don't worry we picked back up on the expensive sandwich kick when my brother ordered the Tidewater.  Chicken Salad, Edwards' country ham, swiss and house dressing on french bread brought *our tab to over $20!  Success.So after stuffing our faces, we left happy and shared a high five in the parking lot.  Just two caucasians stoked on an overpriced sammy!   This review was inspired by the genius that is Christian Lander.stuffwhitepeoplelike.comThanks Christian!*Thanks Tara
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,11/7/2012,175,64,8,2,2>Order (2) two "all the way" and a coca-cola. Cash only. You will see a minimum of 27 health code violations during your quick stay but it doesn't matter; its that good.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,11/6/2012,122,469,,8,1>You know your husband loves you when he'll drive 30 minutes both ways in the rain for Indian food. I had a craving for it yesterday and heard about Monsoon recently so decided to give it a try. The owners are the same ones who own Saffron at the VB town center and Monsoon is located at the Peninsula town center. I know it's hard to review a place solely based on take out so I won't be taking service or ambiance into account but the food was pretty much amazing. We had the chili garlic naan with the mint raita, the assorted pakoras, the chicken vindaloo, and the blue crab curry, all served over jasmine rice. The entire meal from start to finish was mouth watering. The mint raita was nuts, so fresh and light, it provided a refreshing dip for the chili garlic naan. My husband's chicken vindaloo was very flavorful and full of indian heat. My blue crab curry had SO MUCH blue crab meat in it, we were both pleasantly surprised. Most places that have real crab meat skimp on it, but this dish was bursting with tons of shredded blue crab meat in every bite. My husband said it looked nice and very trendy inside, I really want to have the full experience next time. So because we didn't eat there I can't give it the full 5 stars but I do intend on updating once we return. Definitely add Monsoon to your list of new restaurants to try out. The peninsula is lucky to have a place like this and not another stupid chain.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,11/5/2012,64,171,4,6,1>I swear they put crack in their chips.  I seriously have not had better chips!Los paisas was more crowded today, I think it's because of my last rave review.  I keed.Again, I am not disappointed.  I ordered the youzhe, carne asada tacos.  Man are they delicious.  Fresh corn tortillas, cilantro, onions, limes.  My mouth is watering as I sit here and replay the meal on my mental DVR.  The carne asada is seasoned and cooked to perfection.  The fresh Pico compliments every bite.  Pause.If you love Mexican food, and I mean REAL mexican food.  Go.  Here.  Now.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,11/4/2012,84,331,,4,3>My coworker pretty much had a foodgasm eating one of their macarons today. I bought half a dozen for $7.50 in all the flavors available that day: dulce de leche, strawberry, coconut, and Nutella/expresso. The were generously sized and beautifully made. I only had the strawberry one and it was soft and delicious. I've had macarons in Paris and from some fancy store in New Orleans that was on Oprah...these were just as good. My coworkers eagerly help me eat the rest and all loved them. They came packaged in a box with ribbon and printed tissue paper inside - great for gifts. The place is very clean and modern looking (think white leather reclines) and service is super friendly.If you're coming just to buy macarons, recommend calling ahead...my previous 2 trips came out empty-handed and they don't really seem to have a set schedule for making them.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,11/3/2012,158,62,10,6,7>I've had a vicious love affair with Mary's over the past 12 years.  You know, that kind of fling that might be wrong but feels so right.  Now, I've never actually met Mary, but I'm sure she feels the same way about me...and in some sort of  Monty-Python-and-the-Holy-Grail-Castle-Anthrax-­scene way (just look it up), the employees also share the same longing for my loyalty and affinity.  Why else would they be so nice and cheerful to me at 6AM?So, picture this.  In the summertime (summa, summa, summa-tiiiiime!) I am usually in the water and surfing before 5AM.  After I've had my fill and the barnies start showing up, I get out of the water but I don't want to be on the roads with all of that traffic.  I start feeling something deep...instinctive...a craving...a yearning within my soul.  I close my eyes and I can see her standing there.  Softly, Teddy Pendergrass starts filling in the scene..."Close the doorLet me give you what you've been waiting forBaby, I got so much love to giveAnd I want to give it all to you"...I open my mind's eye to a smell so rich and fragrant it encapsulates my entire being and I already know...I know that in front of me is something so good I can't go nowhere else ..."Close the doorLet me rub your back where you say it's soreCome on get closer and closer, so close to meLet's get lost in each other, come here baby"...BAM! The Early Bird Special with it's close friend The WRV, making this morning an alimentary ménage à trois!  I have my E.B.S. with two eggs over medium, skip the toast, bacon, and home fries; all for $2.99!  The WRV is a bagel with bacon, egg, and cheese ($4.50).   Sometimes, when I'm feeling extra frisky I ask for a little tomato on it as well.  "I've waited all day longJust to hold you in my armsAnd it's exactly like I thought it would beMe loving you and you loving me..."
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/2/2012,74,230,3,6,5>I'll be honest, I am a simple man.  I don't know alot about alot of things.  But if there is one thing that I do know it's good Mexican food.  It's my favorite "genre" of food and when we moved to the Hampton Roads area almost two years ago to the date of this review, one of my first missions was to find a place that I could go for authentic Mexican food.  Two places fit the bill, this one and El Rey, but Jessy's is my favorite.  As many have said here, the guacamole is fresh and so tasty.  The tacos are just as you would want from a great taco, two corn tortillas, onions, cilantro and meat.   My favorite thing I have tried so far is the torta that has hot dogs, ham, eggs, and other things that I don't recall.  It's a strange concoction but seems to come together perfectly.  Though I haven't tried the horchata, a colleague of mine said it's as good as any he's ever had and the reviews here vouch for that.  Add on your bottle of Coke and you have yourself a great lunch or dinner spot.  In addition, they have a dessert case with items that look fantastic.  I haven't had any but might add that to my list of 'to try'.  They also do breakfast, which regrettably I haven't tried.  When you are done, go next door and pick up some pan dulce.  Typing this review is making me re-think my lunch plans tomorrow.  Perhaps Jessy's will be in order.  If you want great Mexican food , you cannot go wrong here.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/1/2012,263,519,4,10,10>Sacralicious Strikes Again!!!So we had ourselves a little UYE tonight at Woody McGee's Barstro... I can positively say that EVERYONE left here with a smile on their face and belly full of their bacon concoction of choice. Bacon you say? That's right! BACON! Because this was Woody McGee's 'Bacon Week 3.0'. What's Bacon Week? I'll tell you! It's a special menu full of apps, entree's, drinks and deserts made with everyone's favorite food. Bacon! Sacralicious indeed!!! So grab a piece of bacon, settle back and get ready for a long one.First off, we had a party of 7 tonight. John G and his wife Ashley, Julia A, Yajaida P and her husband, our local Yelp big wig Xerxes and myself. Each of us took a turn with the apps on the menu and we covered the spread.In no particular order:Bobo's Bacon Bundles - Homemade blueberry pork sausage stuffed bacon wrapped in jalapeno poppers with a Dr. Pepper reduction.Devil on Horseback - Dates stuffed with bacon goat cheese and wrapped in bacon with a mango-mint habanero chutney.Picked Cucumbers wrapped in Bacon & Beer Batter - Spears of pickles on a stick battered in PBR, then fried and served with BBQ sauce. We mixed, matched and compared, all were delicious. I also noticed down at the end of the table Yajaida P had a Bacon-Apple Martini on the table. I didn't try it but the ladies seemed to be enjoying it.Next up were the Entree's. I had the Cherry Coke Braised Pork Belly. This included 3 succulent slices of the pork, roasted potatoes and bacon sauteed spinach. D-Frickenlicous! I saw at least 2 other plates of this at the table as well. The pork was very very moist and easy to cut, I wouldn't call it falling off the bone, but it was pretty darn close if you know what I mean. The same goes for the bacon sauteed spinach. My God, who thought of this? They're excellent together!I noticed John G went with Bacon Wrapped Filet of Beef which also came with a corn from the cob bacon relish (which I sampled and was awesome) and some asparagus stalks with a crispy piece of bacon holding them together. That's for his review. Also on the table was the Bacon wrapped Shrimp over Crawfish dish and rounding it out Xerxes gave the 50/50 Burger a try Sacramento Style. I'm sure those reviews will be here shortly.Last but certainly not least were the deserts. I'm not much of a desert person normally but tonight was special. I split a desert with John and Ashley, and we selected the Whiskey, Marshmellow, Caramel & Chocolate Bacon Bark. I think the better way to describe this would be to call it the mutant bacon chocolate smore's bar from hell. Wow! Just Wow! You gotta try it. It was so good! Other desert items on the table were Maple Bacon Cheesecake and the Bacon Cinnamon Rolls (which I also sampled). All I'm going to say is think of a cinnamon roll with bacon wrapped up in the spiral... Yeah, I know... I see you salivating... What a night. I can't believe we all walked out under out on our own power. I thought for sure that there would be an ambulance before the night was over. In all seriousness. We had an incredible meal here, AGAIN, and the service, food, atmosphere was first class from start to finish. If you want to catch one of Woody McGee's Bacon Weeks or any other specials they run make sure you check out their Facebook page or you can sign up there for one of the Woody's cards which get's you something good once you get all your spots marked on it. I'm looking forward to my next visit already. Peace Out!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,10/31/2012,121,170,2,6,5>It was my first visit to Salvatore's; my co-worker, a trusted foodie, gave me the 411 and suggested I pay them a visit.  With a group of 4 in tow, I took her advice.Salvatore's was quite crowd, but it was Friday night.  Our group of 5 waited for about 20 minutes for a table...not bad.  We were finally seated after sitting in the front and drooling over the pizza, calzone, and other goodies in the front case.Garlic Knots came to the table first -- gratis!. This gave us a chance to peruse the menu.  Salvatore's has everything you can imagine -- pasta, pizza, calzone, stromboli, hot and cold sandwiches, salads, and so on.  We all went for something different and sampled each others dishes.I had the traditional spaghetti and meatball.  The meat balls were large and full of flavor.  The marinara sauce was amazing with chunks of tomato.  This was one of the better spaghetti and meatballs that I've had in a while. We also had the lasagna -- amazing -- layer after layer of pasta, ricotta, cheese, and meat sauce.  The eggplant parmigiana was just as good.At the end of the meal, I asked for an order of zeppoles.  The waiter promised enough for the table.  Imagine a sort of Italian churros -- deep fried, dusted with powdered sugar with both chocolate and strawberry syrups.  Fantastic!!I visited a second time.  Again, great food, great service, and a great experience.  The owner walks around and checks on each and every table  He always sends around 'amuse bouche' for the table to enjoy.  On my second visit, we had the garlic knots and some amazing bruschette.  The syrupy balsamic was the 'coup de gras'.If you want Italian, regardless of where you are, I recommend Salvatore's to you.  The food is great, the service is attentive, and the owner's prominence makes everything run like a finely tuned machine.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,10/30/2012,1,10,,4,2>I've been going to Fair Grounds almost weekly for over a year, and figured it was time to write a review.If you are looking for a cozy coffee shop in Ghent, this is the place to go.  I can only speak to the coffee, Italian Sodas and pastries, which are great.  It looks like they have lunch foods, like sandwiches, but I usually go in after I've had dinner, so I've never tried the food.As I said, it's cozy on the inside, so in the winter, it can get pretty packed.  The baristas are friendly, and it has that ambience you would expect of a local coffee shop.Prices are on-par with Starbucks, but it's definitely worth going across the street and up the stairs.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,10/29/2012,5,19,,3,2>Love the commodore. Have been going since I was little. You can get dinner if you sit at the tables in the front. If you plan to do this, go early in the day to get tickets. Then, you can pick your table. They also have you arrive early for the movie so that you can order food before the movie starts. It is all a little annoying, but worth it because you have so much room at the tables. It is a very comfortable place to watch a movie. Sound cannot be beat! And it is beautiful inside. Highly recommend.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,10/28/2012,77,61,1,4,>Although I think the museum is a pretty cool draw in itself, I think the real star is the incredible Noland trail around the museum. It's a great workout, comprised of over 4 miles of ups and downs that can challenge about anyone. Compared to other trails, it's thoughtful that the folks who manage this trail clearly mark about every exposed root along the way. There is also a walking trail around the outside that is flatter, for walking, running, or biking, but I haven't traversed that from end to end.That all being said, whether you are active and want to enjoy the trail or path or are an inside/nautical person who wants to see the exhibits indoors, there is something here for everyone.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,10/27/2012,62,212,,2,2>I am so in love with this place. They have some of the most delicious ribs west of Memphis, TN. And that's saying a lot because I can't get enough of Memphis ribs, but this place definitely meets my needs, and then some, until I make it to Memphis.The sauce variety, which you can pick from the sauce bar, is standard but the flavors are there. The sides are common, typical bbq sides, but they are decent. The baked beans have a rich flavor and the mac-n-cheese is tasty. Their hush puppies are spot on!I tell everyone to go here if they want awesome BBQ!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,10/26/2012,26,148,,1,1>THE best part about moving to downtown Norfolk.  Garlic knots = crack, must get them.  I'll have them deliver them to my place just as a snack or when I'm cooking pasta.  The gyro is also pretty damn amazing, and good sized.  The greek salad is also a favorite.  Definitely love this place and eat here 1-2 times per week. Give it a try!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,10/25/2012,63,174,,7,4>After having Eurasia on our "We Gotta Get To This Place" list for over a year, we finally made it for an early dinner last Saturday, after an afternoon movie.  And it's been our loss during all that time that we put off going --- the place is an absolute gem.Located at one end of a nondescript strip mall on Laskin Road (the same mall as the new location for Heritage Natural Foods), Eurasia may be described as an American bistro, small plate wine bar, fusion cafe, or whatever term for a small, intimate cafe serving limited offerings of well-prepared dishes and wines that you're comfortable with.  The restaurant advertises the use of fresh, local ingredients as much as possible, and, after settling into one of their outside patio tables facing the parking lot, we certainly found that to be true with the dishes we tried.  Wonderful pan-seared scallops with a sweet balsamic reduction drizzle for my wife, served on a bed of soft creamed couscous with grilled leeks, and watercress for decoration; and novel "herbal" crab cakes for me, made with claw meat only and seasoned with basil, onion and tarragon, giving the dish a slightly bitter herbal taste.  The  cakes were served with steamed jasmine rice and crisp grilled chinese cabbage and julienne d carrots and celery, topped with an Asian drizzle reminiscent of a tart hoisin sauce.  We couldn't resist also adding their mac & cheese to our order --- here served with shaved truffles  --- and were impressed with the dish's creaminess, use of spiral-shaped elbow macaroni, and wonderfully blended multi-cheese flavors (I detected fontina, munster, mild cheddar and cream cheese, among others).  We both thought all our food was very well prepared, wonderfully different, and just fun to discover and enjoy.  Wine selections at Eurasia seemed a little limited, but they do have an arrangement with the wine shop next door wherein you're able to buy any favorite  you might have at the shop and the restaurant will then charge a corkage fee and serve it with your meal.  We stayed with the house choices, and my wife found a Reisling that was just a little sweet, and I a very good Pinot Noir.  Strangely, Virginia labels were almost totally absent.  And helping make the selection, delivery and enjoyment of all this yummy food happen was the friendly and very efficient assistance of our server Mark, who displayed  just the right combination of attention, knowledge about the food and drink offerings, and idle conversation and chatter.  So, now that we've finally made it here, we're kicking ourselves for having missed enjoying this place over the last year+.  A really great little spot to relax, enjoy a glass or two of wine, and experience some very pleasant surprises with wonderfully different food  preparations.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,10/24/2012,29,54,,8,2>This place is awesome. There are probably two actual healthy places to eat in the area that are quick. The whole place is up to date with huge screens displaying the juices/smoothies/lunch options. You even pay and sign on an ipad. They make FRESH juices and smoothies straight from the fruits/vegetables without any extra fillers. I had the beet juice with apple and something else. It was delicious. I also had a salad, which was great. They only use local/organic ingredients for the salads and wraps as well. This is a perfect place for a snack/lunch/brunch. I could probably eat there every day, but I would be broke. The only con is that it is expensive, but in order to get that fresh of produce, I guess that's how it goes. I will return many more times.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,10/23/2012,183,190,,14,4>The quintessential dining experience and nothing less.  This new hot spot is located next to One Fish, Two Fish right on the water--come by boat or car.  When you walk in, there is beautiful bar on the left  with comfy-cozy bar stools and a few cush bar tables.  The bar opens at 4 daily while the main restaurant is available starting at 5PM.  The main dining area is gorgeous and open.  I love the modern chic light fixtures and the attention to detail on this renovation of the previous La Marinella.  They have a lovely array of wine to start the evening off right.  The chef prides himself in trying to use local ingredients, including produce and freshly caught seafood for this Modern American menu.I was lucky enough try a whole spread of food--I went with about twenty people and, since they all know the foodie that I am, they were all kind enough to share with me.  I find it hard to name a favorite appetizer--I loved the flatbread with bubbly goat cheese, yellow & red tomatoes, and shrimp.  The tuna is nice and simple, diced into a generous bowl with a hint of arugula.  The clams and scallops are also highly recommended but I didn't get to try these yet--now on my to do list.Now on to the entrees.  Since eating here last night, I have not been able to stop thinking about the pork belly, which compliments the pork loin--this is definitely my favorite entree thus far, but I am a huge pork belly fan so perhaps I have some bias-LOL.  I had seen the menu ahead of time online, and knew instantly that I had to try the gnocchi (as I have appropriately nicknamed "Knock you socks off" gnocchi).  This gnocchi is homemade and baked with goat cheese, divine oyster mushrooms, olive oil, spinach, and yellow & red tomatoes to give it a real burst.  The crabcakes are lumptolumptuous and paired with coleslaw.  The shrimp are kickin with polenta (way better than shrimp & grits).  Our waiter said the salmon was his favorite--it looked gorgeous but I didn't get to try it myself.  Everyone that ordered the skirt steak or the Hereford beef tenderloin was well satiated. There is definitely something for everyone in your party.This place is perfect for groups, date night, or girls night out.  Just what Virginia Beach needed.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,10/22/2012,134,156,4,4,4>Oh yeah, this place is right up my alley, Organic Food Loving Hippies... I've been to Taste twice now and its been insanely packed each time; like to the point of being able to get sexual w/the person beside you. I'm not a fan of crowds either, but this place is awesome. The food is so fresh and honest. Yeah, honest, lol... just made that up. But you know how you eat something bad for you, and even though its good, you feel like shit (sort of like a one night stand), eating here gives you life, lol. You don't want to go home and take your lazy ass to bed, or sit in the chair for another 20 mins because you overate, you want to continue about your day. This is what food should be, it should give you energy, not take away from it. So I've only had two things thus far, the crab cake, which was amazing! No detectable filler, great portion size, and reasonably priced. The only negative is how it had no remoulade sauce. While the crab cake itself was really moist, the overall sandwich was faintly dry because it was essentially, lettuce, crab, and bread. Very delicious though.I also had the Princess Anne, which is a vegetarian sandwich. Veggie prudes will love this one... I thought it was excellent, although, the roasted bell pepper can make your bread a bit soggy if you don't eat it right away. Wasn't too happy w/that. The next time I'll definitely omit those. All in all, I love this place... Definitely plan on being a regular. They also have a cute little Wine of The Month Gathering, and a ton of expensive merchandise that you're still going to want to buy, despite the price.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,10/21/2012,12,61,,3,2>First Landing State Park has some of the BEST trails to hike/bike and run!  Since discovering this park in 2008 I've never been disappointed with my experience.  There are 3/4 different area's to explore including a new nature center when entering on the Shore Drive side.  People are always courteous and smile as you pass by.  The main trail has a few obstacle/workout stops that are perfect for a break from your jog/run or whatever your doing.  There's a beach (with parking) and tons of trails to explore!  Wild life includes turtles, birds and i've seen a few garden snakes but those are less frequent.  The park staff are always roaming the trails and some boy's scout groups have made bridges to cross some of the more frequently rain drenched areas.  All trails are mapped and distanced in the hand out and many maps located throughout the park.  The main trail has mile markers along it's course as well.  The shade is perfect and the atmosphere is just what the outdoor enthusiast is looking for.  Bottom line is that this State Park has just about everything your looking for for an outdoor experience.  Did i mention the Native American heritage trail including sites to view/enjoy/learn? yup they have that too..  See you on the trails!!!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,10/20/2012,15,72,1,3,3>What can I say. This place might not look like much, but it's kind of a jewel in the rough. My disclaimer is that is my local watering hole. The food is pretty decent "bar food" Certainly not what you would call fine dining, but if you want a bar burger and onion rings... check it out. The real call is the beer selection. They have a nice assortment of bottled beers from around the world, and an inventive selection of draft beers from craft breweries across the country.  What I like the best about this place is if you go more than twice, pretty much everyone remembers your name. Friendly wait staff. Very unpretencious place to let you guard down and just chill.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,10/19/2012,66,187,1,7,4>Booked my daughter's 11th bday party here.  Dropped $325 including tip.  Not cheap, but hey.....Overall, it was fun.  Some of the young workers there seem confused as to how things work but the guy running my party did his very best at making us happy.  I enjoyed not having to clean after the party.  Kids had fun jumping, we played pool, pizza was good, and staff is helpful.The confirmation email says you can't bring in ice cream for your birthday party but you can.  They only sell individual packaged ice cream which does NOT go with cake so they let me bring in ice cream cups.I would have another party here.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,10/18/2012,14,98,2,2,1>The marketing director, Danielle, is a sweetheart. She accommodated my work group for an After Work Party and she made it happen. Kudos to her for doing a great job.The variety of music they played was alright; I like when the DJ takes over and have a little bit of everything for everyone.The atmosphere is nice, loud, fun to watch other people. Very spacious, you can go outside on the deck to lounge and smoke or head up to the 2nd floor to play some pool tables or dance on their dance pole. :)One tip for this place would be to have better security; you never know who can bring a weapon in and if something turns about then there's not much a bouncer can do. When you have high feelings, liquor/booze, smokes, hot women/men etc...it's the perfect place for a storm. Thank God, the moments I have gone, nothing major but it would give me a peace of mind, if I knew they had better security. Food/Drinks are great, reasonable; I always show up for happy hour so I get my few good drinks in for 1/2 the price. :)There were a couple of people that are regulars and even though they can be a crowd pleaser, it gets old. There's a guy and gal who seems to know all of the dance moves so this is great if you are wanting to learn how to line dance; but when you try to incorporate line dancing into something like "We Found Love" by Rihanna, you are taking it too far...very cheesy lol :)There is another regular, older lady with long blonde hair; she use to teach line dancing, she goes around dancing with a partner; I think she looks great, but she tends to not like it when it gets crowded on the dance floor; she purposely (as she was dancing 2 steps with her partner) bumped into people to give herself room; the look on her face, it was one of an annoyed dancer who couldnt get her dance-on because the place gets packed; my suggestion to her is...chill out, relax and enjoy what you can, you dont have to dominate the entire dance floor to have a good time. *winks*Overall, the place is fun to hang out; great for ladies night out, after work parties and social gatherings. Parking lot gets full and the party doesnt really get started till closer to 10. :)
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,10/17/2012,24,184,,,>I really enjoy everything I've ever gotten from Chicks, which is to say the Carolina BBQ and chicken. I think some of the meals packaged together are weird, I would like to see more options with smoked chicken or turkey, but I have enjoyed what I get. The brisket is moist, but the ribs are definitely not award winning. I am really a carolina BBQ type girl, so that is my preference and they do it well.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,10/16/2012,464,705,4,7,2>What a rare little gem buried within the Virginia Beach Town Center. If you're driving past, you'll probably miss it. It would be a pity though because you've just passed the HR chocolate mecca.If Willy Wonka only made chocolate and had a candy store, then it would probably look like this place. Walk in and just breath the chocolate (and the calories!). The two ladies in charge travel all over looking for the best chocolates and bring it to your doorstep. Every month they have chocolate tastings so sign up quick! They have beautifully arranged display cases of all sorts of chocolates. Some are made in the store, others are imported. What's even better is that they have a sample of all the chocolates they had.I didn't know what I wanted. Actually, I walked in not wanting to buy anything since I have no self control around chocolate but they had a big box of samples that the owner pulled out and it was heaven. Bacon and chocolate, pepper and chocolate, hemp seeds and chocolate. You name it. I think what I learned tonight is that I'm a one eyed one horned spicy chocolate eater. One chocolate in particular was spicy and had pop rocks in it. Too bad they ran out because I would have bought it all!In addition to their premade chocolate delights, they also have a wide range of chocolate fondues, chocolate flavored drinks and fruits dipped in chocolate. Bring your friends for a fun late night snack. I'll be back!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2012,10/15/2012,99,254,,5,1>As the rating suggests, this place is A-OK. Our dining experience was uneven. A quick overview of the highs and lows:The pros include:-Free parking in their small private lot (a rarity in ghent) and ample street parking. -Cozy yet upscale-looking decor. Ambiance was nice.-Decent beer selection, including some local brews.-Lots of vegetarian and vegan options.....which transitions me to the drawbacks:Cons:-At first, I was thrilled to see a vegan version of the chicken fried steak. But the add on an extra $2 to veganize it. I was a little skeptical, but thought it might be worth it and shelled out the extra money. Got the entree and it was a Boca burger!!! A Box of Bocas will run a couple bucks...and is substantially cheaper than real steak. I felt punished for being vegetarian because they saved money on my dish but charged me more.- We ordered the tempura asparagus. Totally misleading. It was a doughy and fried, like fish n chips batter. It wasn't bad, but since I was expecting tempura, I was disappointed.-No Happy Hour. (We went on a weeknight during the normal happy hour timeframe) If there is, it's a well hidden secret because it wasn't advertised,  the wait staff didnt advise us of it, and I checked their website - no happy hour listed there either. Overall, my visit was a little uneven. I'm going to go back and give it another chance, but as of right now, it just feels OK.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,10/14/2012,95,38,,3,1>Finding this place is another reason why I love yelp...We live in chesapeake and travel up to Hampton, Newport News and Williamsburg often but seldom / never do we head down J Cyde Morris Blvd....I had this place bookmarked because of seeing a few friends bookmarking it and knowing the reviews looked good so we decided to try it out.  Its sad but without yelp it would never be a place we would have stumbled upon but I wish we would of found it sooner.  Food was amazing!  We both had the teriyaki chicken with rice and Kimchi.  This is not even what they are known for but its what we both had a taste for.  The kimchi was some of the best I have ever had and the portions of the chicken and rice made it perfect to split two orders three ways with our daughter. Service was great, very very friendly.  We watched some of the olympics with the owners and they were crazy kind to our daughter.  We are going to be back soon!  Highly recommend!!!!  Worth the trip out of your way if you are in the area!!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/13/2012,40,56,,4,2>Nice spot off the beaten path in hampton. I really didn't know what to expect when I first walked in. I was surprised to find a nice decor and friendly staff. I say that because of the location in the strip mall. this is the last place i thought I'd see there.  I had the honey BBQ wings and they were perfect. I also picked up some bread pudding to go. It was also very good. Not a bad neighborhood spot to go drink a beer, get a few wings and watch the game. Prices are reasonable.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,10/12/2012,56,193,,3,2>The only thing keep this from being a 5 star in my book is I don't give 5's on 1 visit!  I had the Steak with everything 12" a load of fresh chopped steak with peppers , onions and shrooms all chooped on a flat grill and on a hot toasted roll with American cheese! One of the top 2 I have had not only in the area but in my life and yes I've been to Geno's in philly! Several other topping are offred as well as othr subs and Pizza! My wife fullfilled her challange of finally finding a decent fresh made salad, in this case Chefs a huge plate with chooped fresh deli meats and cheese and egg served with a warm pita! Looked great and she loved it why it's hard to find a decent sald around here I don't know. The restaurant was super clean, restrooms were clean and up to date! Two Tv's were on but not on overly loud, beer in bottles and on tap and wine available. Located on Shore Drive close to pleasure house road would be great place to go after a vist to Chic's beach or golf etc...
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,10/11/2012,15,43,,7,5>The kids just came home from a three day visit at the House of Happy again, and are dreaming of doggy paradise as we speak!! Other than the obvious breaking of MY heart, you know it is a good sign when your dog doesn't want to leave, like Max today. Thanks again Jana and crew!!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/10/2012,155,241,6,7,6>Went to a UYE gathering this evening to try out this bakery/cafe that I have been wanting to go to for months. So glad I finally got to go.Yum Yums is a small bakery that makes some amazing baked items. I sampled many things and even came home with a container for later tonight and maybe (if there's any left) tomorrow morning.I highly recommend the tart. ANY TART. It was made with a buttery shortbread crust and an amazing vanilla custard. Today they had pear and star fruit. Who knew you could get star fruit here in VA. (It grows like crazy in Hawaii)Also got to sample the donut holes and .. yeah.. they were totally awesome. Not exactly a cake donut but not a yeast one either. And they fill them and top them with frosting. Oh yeah .. apparently 1 donut hole is under 300 calories. HAHAH. So that means you can eat one but you'll have to go run for an hour.My husband likes cherries so I got him the cherry cookie and I also got the caramel apple cream puffs. The husband really enjoyed the cookie. Well .. he ate the whole thing so I'm just going to assume there were no complaints.  I got the cream puffs to go but I'm sure they will be amazing.They also had 2 types of cupcakes. Vanilla with vanilla buttercream and a vanilla cupcake with m&ms and a vanilla buttercream. I will say they are better than any other cupcake I have had in the HR area. So far. I just wish people would adopt the whole Swiss or Italian Meringue buttercream as the standard instead of the exception.Overall my experience with the items I got were great and delicious.They also have sandwiches at Yum Yums. I have heard they are really tasty. I'll definitely have to go back and try one.OH yeah .. so then they started cooking bacon. And it filled the space and it was as if you were being hugged by the bacon. In that moment .. I wanted to live there. Definitely recommend. Will definitely be back.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,10/9/2012,157,510,4,7,4>It's not organized, it doesn't make sense, but the food is very very good.  I went once for the Pho, and came back this week for the cheese steaks. First the Pho: It was OK. The flavor was good, but there was not much meat. The basil is grown outside the front door which sounds great, but the basil I got had leaf miners (google it) in it, which grossed me out. So, that kind of sucked. But for some reason I decided to come back this week and order a cheese steak.  I knew they use Amoroso rolls, which are the legit Philly rolls.  So I placed my order for a cheese steak and a hard taco and waited.  and waited.........and waited.....They lost my ticket. I waited 20 minutes then asked the guy what was up. 10 minutes later they brought out my food. I was pissed it took so long. I was already thinking about the 1 star review I was going to give them.  Then I ate the taco.  Dang that was good. Then I ate the cheese steak.  For the record, I eat a lot of cheese steaks, and this was the BEST one I have ever had in Hampton Roads.  The Amoroso rolls are awesome. The meat was lean and there was a LOT of meat. The grilled onions and cheese were present in the correct ratio and I was loving it.  Soon I forgot all about the 1 star review,and now I am singing their praises. Check out my cheese steak list to see how this stacks up against other local places.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,10/8/2012,17,41,,1,1>It's good. The Texan Nacho's are tasty. It's pretty good and filling if you got an hour lunch to spare, since you have to wait a bit for your food. It comes with beef, chicken and shrimp. However I dislike seafood so I just had my nachos with chicken and beef. Im sure it will taste awesome to those who love shrimp.The service was good and the waiters are very nice. It's perfect for a family gathering.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,10/7/2012,3,27,,3,1>Stopped in on Saturday for lunch and all I can say is that my days of driving around aimlessly trying to decide where to go for lunch are over.  As previous reviewers mentioned, the ingredients are top notch and prepared fresh daily. I got the whole Italian sub special and it was delicious.Great staff, great food, and awesome service with a smile. Definitely worth checking out if you haven't already!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,10/6/2012,48,123,3,4,2>I've eaten here at least a dozen times so far. Not sure why I haven't yelp reviewed it yet. It is hands down my favorite place to go for a sandwich in Hampton Roads. I actually feel bad for the people I see walking into the Tropical Smoothie next door to this place. Don't let the "vegan" and "vegetarian" words in all of the other reviews shy you away from this place. I love meat as much as the next red blooded American and this place has a great selection for both meat eaters and vegetarians.  Personally, my favorite is either the Wasabi Braised Beef or the Avocado Club (the best bacon I've ever had, btw).  However, if you're going veggie all the way, definitely try the Medi Veggie.  It will use its supernatural flavor powers to make you forget there is no meat in it. I reserve the last part of my review simply to say that I have a hard time giving any restaurant a 5 star review--but there was no hesitation with this place.  My girlfriend asked where I think the chef gets his recipes, to which I replied the only feasible answer: "he must get them from god himself".
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,10/5/2012,9,45,,3,1>I have to say, that in the city of Chesapeake this is one of my favorite restaurants. Our group was 5 in number and each of us ordered a different menu item. All raved about the food they had but I'll talk about mine since I can only speak for my tastes. I had the Canadian Duck Breast done medium. Honestly I think each time I come here the duck keeps getting better. It was done to perfection and was very juicy. For dessert I had the . Chocolate lava cake; again no complaints here. I nearly gave this place a 5 star rating however; my party suggested not based on a few minor flaws. 1) usually there is a complaint about how slow the service is at a restaurant. Not the case here if anything it came out a little too quickly. We just barely finished our baked Brie when our entrees arrived. Sometimes it's just nice to let the appetizer digest a bit. 2) We were over charged by $2.00 on a drink item. This was quickly rectified when brought to our waittress' attention. Although some would expect some sort of compensation I thought the response was completely appropriate and fair.I highly recommend the Amber Lantern as a place for a fantastic dinner.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,10/4/2012,29,248,,1,2>I love this place.After having 2 horrible breakfasts out- one at IHOP and one @ OMNI hotel in newport news, i kinda got sick of going out.As we got there- I was aggravated at the 45 minute wait for 2 people . I also got aggravated because my friend  and i truly believe that that the assistant forgot about us or skipped right over us.. because when my friend went to check up to see whats taking them so long and they said that we were next . ( he looked down  at their clip board and 3 parties of 2 underneath us-- who came after us.. were crossed off the list..) .. so that kinda pissed me off a bit.  However, fortunately, we were able to put that behind us and enjoy our experience.I got "The harvest 2" with cinnamon swirl french toast, turkey sausage links and eggs. My buddy got the "southwestern egg". I think i can safely say that both of our breakfasts were PHENOMENAL. I have never had a better omlet ever and i can say the same for the french toast. The french toast was just TOO GOOD , and was worth every bite, every calorie. The toast melted in my mouth with just the right amt of softness and crispy edges I wish i could go back in time and re-eat my breakfast ( and his breakfast too!) My friend's omlet was realllly good-- avocados, jalapenos, fresh pico de gallo.. yumm! His was also made with egg whites and didnt taste light at all! My scrambled eggs were okay, tasted like they were sitting out while the rest of the food got ready - this is my only food complaint.Service- phenomenal. Our server ( Regina i think?) she was amazing. Our coffees were refilled every 6 minutes, she always came to check up on us and cleared those used up packets of splenda and creamer off our tables everytime my friend made a mess! I asked her for fresh fruit and made it a point to tell me which of their fruits were fresh and which came out of a can and which were frozen. She served us with a smile, always. Also,props for her killer eyeliner. I loooovee this place! We went to the manager and bragged about how good our server were! I can not wait to come back to VA so i can come back! Only problem- wait time. But , we will deal :) :)
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,10/3/2012,96,146,,4,1>I have been to fire and vine many many many times... It used to be my go to place in this area but something happened and im not sure what. My favorite dish on the menu is the Tavern steak.... WHEN it is done correctly, What do i mean by this? well its the problem with this place, its inconsistent.  Sometimes the food will be amazing, spectacular, and sometimes it wont, and it gets annoying because id come here all the time if i could be sure that every time i get the Tavern steak the potatoes will pop and be crisp and not soggy or the chicken you ordered wont be under cooked or just bland.. its little things like this that keep me from coming here like i used to. Also a small annoyance is, they had a dining points system at one point that you could accumulate 200 points and get 20$ off your meal to redeem them. Guess how many point it is now? 800...  Totally useless... So i spend 800$ because I only come at night when they don't have double points or some way to get more then 1 point per $ and i get 20$s off ? No thanks... The one thing that i can say is that the staff is very attentive, service is not sloppy or not on their game, and the chefs table (salad bar) is AWSOME, the choices on it are great, from fire roasted mushrooms, and onions to cheeses and various salad items and toppings.Give it a try and you will most likely like it, great place for dinner dates or to impress a new interest. BTW... the Fried Green tomatos  appetizer is GREAT
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,10/2/2012,31,70,,6,2>Truly the best lunch spot in the Tidewater area. I've eaten there dozens of times and have NEVER had anything on the menu that wasn't fresh and delicious! The cupcakes are pretty darn good, as well! The dining area includes 12 tables and has the feel of a good size, upscale coffee shop. At the opposite end of the restaurant, there is a coffee and wine bar. Frequent live entertainment, wine/beer tasting, and a unique little gourmet store.Give it a try. You won't be sorry!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,10/1/2012,121,78,,3,2>An amazing venue where the performances are intimate (ie you're not sitting in a nosebleed seat to see the band), the sound is LOUD (bring earplugs if you're noise sensitive), and the bands that come are pretty diverse. Always a great time at this venue. The security are polite, the beers are slightly overpriced, but the entertainment is top-notch. Definitely see a concert here if you can!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,9/30/2012,195,115,4,4,3>Heard lots of mixed reviews about this place & of course, Guy has been here so ha to check it out myself... I had the Citrus Special pancakes, with bananas and pineapples and an orange glaze... oh heaven... it comes with eggs & bacon or sausage your way, I didn't make it into them, didn't need them!!! It was like dessert! I also had a bowl of Tomato Basil soup, I asked for basil on it, they used dried (peculiar for a place this fresh & into style they have) still, very good, little pieces of tomato, garlic & what seemed either shallot or onion... YUM!!! Hubby had the Soft Shell Crab Benedict, I'm not one for Benny, but the crab... YUM... fried to perfection & fresh! Fresh squeezed OJ, and didn't break the bank...Not to mention, ALL the staff were super HOT and GREAT attitudes to boot!!! We will definitely go back!!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,9/29/2012,88,68,3,7,5>If you're looking for a place that serves food with great plate presentations in scarce amounts then El Desorden may not be the place for you. However, the counter to that style of food is enough to make you wanna lay back in your chair, enjoy a cold brew, and fall into a mini food coma before you feel the urgent need to find the comforts of your couch at home ASAP. Yes, El Desorden satisfies a need to be well fed with comfort foods and dishes from Columbia at a more than reasonable price.Located off of Newtown road in a shopping center right beside the local GranMart it's immediate location is right next to a pizzeria.  This now marks the second favorable review in a row I've done where a restaurant was located next to a pizzeria. Coincidence? Maybe not. It's a small location of about 12 to 14 tables and decked out in colorful tropical themed murals representative of the homeland. They also have a small bar area which also doubles as their pickup area for to-go orders.Having eaten here less than a handful of times (OK twice now!) I can say that I've had the same dish twice, a beef empanada to start and then the El Bandeja Paisa (#43 on the menu) Rice, Beans, Grilled Top Sirloin Steak, Homemade Sausage, Corn Cake, Sunny Side Up Egg, Avocado, Sweet Plantain and Thick Crispy Bacon. While El Desorden does offer several other specialty dishes I feel this one gives you the most bang for your buck for quantity and flavor.  The beef empanada is a great start because it's a nice size and has a nice crunch from the dough along with a flavorful filling.Everything on this dish works in harmony. The rice and beans are not an afterthought combination you may think of when you order it at a Mexican restaurant. Here there's something different and flavorful that brings it altogether with their well seasoned steak and sausage. The avocado is nice because it has a buttery texture that only adds to the richness of the entire dish and paired with the sunny side up egg which I cracked over my rice providing a "sauce" it makes for a true eating experience.  The plantain has a nice subtle sweetness which gives you a nice break from the salty, umami sensation you get from everything else. Last but not least the "Thick Crispy Bacon" is not your typical cut. In fact, you won't find it in any supermarket because it's essentially one thick cut of bacon (about an inch to an 1 1/2 inches thick!) and cut in such a way that you can enjoy it in bite size pieces.  ALL of this is served with a nice sauce on the side which is spicy yet citrusy. The service may be a tad slow than what I would like despite there being a few tables occupied during the lunch hour. Then again maybe the waitress was just giving my friend and I our space to enjoy the meal.  The only odd thing I can say about my second experience was that the sunny side up egg was cooked in such a way that the yolk was hard boiled. I'm still trying to figure that one out.Nonetheless, El Desorden has made the right impression on me about it's offering of Columbian dishes to the general public of Hampton Roads. Flavorful, made from scratch, down home cooking done well and in a place where shorts, t-shirt, and flip flops could well be considered a welcome dress code.  Just know there's a lot more to this country's cuisine than it's 100% coffee!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,9/28/2012,22,104,3,6,5>Man, talk about a surprise.  I had seen reviews raving about this place and didn't feel like cooking, so we decided to hit this local burger spot because of commentary and reviews.  It is SMALL, but great things come in small packages!  As you enter to order, there is a short counter with 4 stools, and a small 2-top... that's it.. SRO after that, and that is at a premium.  Chalkboard paint has made the place one continual menu board.  The kitchen area is definitely what got all the attention, as you can see the whole place along with your meals being prepared.  There is bottle beer in a glass front fridge,  as well as a small selection of tap beers (which I will address momentarily).   There is ample DOG FRIENDLY seating outside, so if you choose a day with nice weather, it is a clean, safe place to sit and enjoy some great food with your best friend at your side.  He also has plans to extend the outer awning, and install some TV's so that it can be a great place to tailgate, in a manner of speaking, and catch your favorite game.  I look forward to seeing that dream come to fruition.As small as this place is, you realize that Ron (the owner) loves him some HUGE game-day, All American (albeit internationally flavored) Burgers, Dogs, and a small assemblage of tasty sounding sides.  I settled on the Spicy Burger finally.  All the while, Ron is reminding me that his menu seems more suggestion than limitation.  You pick the burger and then customize it with anything you want that he has on hand.  I have had my share of kicked up burgers... topped, spiced, slathered, battered, but I have never had one with this much flavor punch.  Jalapenos, Gouda cheese, a spicy mayo, and fresh veggies was all I wanted.  I am telling you, that instead of the flavor being all toppings on just well prepared beef, this bad boy was packed with flavor in every morsel.  Also, this is no home style, 1/8th lbs shriveled burger, hidden in the bun.  These are what seem to be between 1/3rd to 1/2 lbs, and they carry that flavor beyond the edges of the bun to tease you even as you unwrap it.  I also ordered the fries and Onion Rings.  The fries were thick cut, just the way I like them.  Crispy, but not overdone and hollow.  The onions rings scared me.  He broke out a bag from the freezer.  Yes, they were frozen and prepackaged, and I was honestly afraid for a few minutes.  Although not that fresh crisp battered taste I love in a ring, I will say that he made a great choice from the supplier, they were surprisingly tasty.While there, I was talking and discussing beers and was shown that 2 of the 3 taps were O'Connors, a local brewer in downtown Norfolk.  He even allowed me a small sampling of the stout, and the IPA and I have to admit, I plan on spending a Sunday 1st half there for lunch in the very near future so I can give those more of my attention.  I am telling you, give it a shot, it will be worth the while to head here and grab some really great food.  Maybe I will see you there, because there is a lot of menu left to test!!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,9/27/2012,93,48,4,6,4>YOtinis frozen yogurt is like no other! When you walk in you feel like you have walked into a California coffee shop. The decor is fabulously modern. You would not guess it was a frozen yogurt shop if it were not for the dispensers in the back. :)There are soo many options to choose from, like birthday cake or orange sherbet. I know that everyone says frozen yogurt all taste the same, but this place made me change my mind. The frozen yogurt is so delectably delicious that it just melts in you mouth! I loved it! There are soooo many toppings to choose from to make your frozen yogurt sparkle and pop. I really wanted to go back for more!The best part about YOtinis is their s'mores. It is so awesome to have during the winter! It is the perfect dish to share on a date! The owner is super nice and knows everyone that walks in. He takes a lot of pride in his product, which is why it is sooo good. This is definitely the best local frozen yogurt place in all of Hampton Roads!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,9/26/2012,1,104,,5,3>Love, love, love this place! The prices are great and the food is even better. Service is awesome and the hostess is super sweet. I get the Mixed Appetizer (hummus, eggplant salad, and stuffed grape leaves) and a gyro (chicken or lamb). The eggplant salad is amazing! I haven't been fortunate enough to try the Spinach Feta Pie, as they are always out when I've gone.The parking lot is small and if you're not careful, you WILL miss the entrance to it (it's adjacent to the door). When I've gone, it's never been busy. Good thing too since the parking lot looks like it can only comfortably hold about 10 cars.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/25/2012,533,177,,7,5>I love the food at the Bier Garden.  I stopped in yesterday with my wife and dog for lunch and it was great.  I called ahead of time to see if they were dog friendly on the outdside patio and was pleased to hear yes.  They have a big selection of beer and I had a German ale that was delicious.  I had the Fried Balogna with Cheese on a pretzle roll with German potato salad and it was great!  Monica had the Reuben sandwich and she said It was delicious.  We have been there before for dinner and the Sourbraten is great and the dishes with bratworst and I like the Rouladen (rolled steak).   The service was great and we had a great waitress.  (I've added some photos here)
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,9/23/2012,46,196,,6,3>If you haven't been here you need to go. If you have been here you need to go again.  Today The Mark Michielsen Orchestra, a big swing band, performed music from the 20's and 30's.  There was a large dance floor on the grass in front of those trumpet, trombones, saxes, flutes and percussion's and people as young as 2 and as old as 95ish were showing their best stuff.  The Hubcap Grill food truck was there as was a snow cone truck.This was the first in a series of four musical entertainment bands.  The next one will be July 29th with 40's and 50's music.This was my third visit to this local gem.  We got the annual pass so I need to go a few more time to make that purchase pay for itself.  It was a great purchase.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,9/22/2012,64,156,,1,3>Great food, strong drinks and service that needs improvement.Our Rum Runners were absolutely delicious, the shot of 151 in every straw was quite the surprise! Our scallops and wings were fantastic as usual. However, the waitress seemed more concerned with her friends at the bar then to even try to muster some positive customer service. The reoccurring issue with Harpoon's has always been that the food is awesome, which is why we will continue to go back, but the service is always sub-par. The waitresses usually tend to be concerned with getting through their shift so they can go elsewhere and never seem to realize their jobs are customer service oriented.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,9/21/2012,509,292,3,6,4>Nothing better than a breakfast joint that opens at 6:30am especially since I have a 9 month old who thinks 5am is an appropriate time to start the day. They have an awesome early bird special, 2 eggs, sausage, bacon or ham & 2 pancakes for only $4.49, cant beat that! I've also tried a breakfast skillet before and it was delicious. They have a full bar if you need to nurse your hangover with booze at 7am, not that I needed to or anything ;) The decor is cute, I love the tiled pillars and light fixtures. Our waitress, okay wait, ALL of the waitresses there were so so nice and as soon as we walked in they asked our names so they could address us personally. They were more than happy to fulfill any request we had with a smile, even for warm water for my sons bottle and providing me with a list of "must do's" as a newbie here. This place has definitely got a lot of regulars, because most of the people who walked in were greeted by name. So cool that the staff take the time to get to know their patrons. As a new resident of VA Beach, I will definitely be coming here on those early mornings that I am feeling lazy as shit and don't feel like cooking breakfast. Nice work Sunrise Cafe, I love you already.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,9/20/2012,77,149,,2,2>The first time I went to La Bella was with some folks from church who are regulars and couldn't say enough good things about the place.  I ordered the Caprese Sandwich and it was perfect.  Portion was very large and the price was very reasonable.A week later, we ordered pizza for lunch (Diavola) and it was very good.  I don't think I've ever had fresh mozzarella on a pizza before and after having this pizza I feel like I have been very deprived.  A few weeks later, we ordered a few pizzas for take-out and had leftovers.  The crust this second time was a little mushy and the pizza slices were not cut all the way through - I know this is something very simple, but it is a HUGE peeve of mine!The chef, Andrea, definitely knows what he is doing and if you're looking for a new Italian "go-to" restaurant, I think you will quickly find La Bella in your fav list.  I know I have!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,9/19/2012,66,117,5,3,5>You should go here if you're trying to get fat. I mean really. If you wake up one day and you say, "You know what, I want to gain some weight!"- then you should go here. I say that because the food is pretty darn good. Even though it is a buffet (and everyone has a small fear in them because you really don't know who handled the tongs right before you), the place is kept pretty clean and the dishes are kept reasonably fresh. Hands down they have some of the best sushi in the area that you can find on a buffet. Good selection- mackerel, clam, white tuna, salmon and assorted rolls. Although I have no idea whats up with the orange roe on a pringle chip. They also have a great hot food area including a hibachi grill. I wind up putting away 4 plates of everything when I go here. Fatty paradise for Asian food.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,9/18/2012,34,76,6,4,5>This place is crazy handsome sexy!  When you walk in you are taken in by the masculine colors on the walls and upholstery but then you see that the entire main wall ahead of you is mirrored you are beyond intrigued.  You are going to have an awakening dining experience in this space!  And if anyone can seduce you with food it is Chef Ron.  My fish was so vibrant and rich that, like all other aspects of the place, I kept thinking I should be embarrassed that my Grandmother can oversee everything from heaven!  Not sure how Chef Ron can make fish sexy but don't stop Chef Ron!  Further complimenting the ambiance was our lovely server, a prettier version of Reese Witherspoon.  My handsome date knew exactly what he was doing when he took me here!  We spent hours over our dinner and wine and we actually were the last ones there as they were cleaning up for the evening and they never interrupted or rushed us or the other lingering couple but instead they quietly went about doing their closing tasks as if they too felt the charm of the evening....so romantic in that way.  Make a reservation and dress as you would for an evening in Paris because it will take you there.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,9/17/2012,144,389,5,10,5>Been informally looking for someone to do some work on a tree in my yard, that I run to the front door and stare at, each time a wind storm comes through. to me, it was just a matter of time before it fell into the house, or onto one of our vehicles. One of those back burner things. But one that there was a little heat on that burner.Yesterday, I was taken from what I was doing by this tremendous racket outside of my house. When I looked out, there was a fleet of trucks and a army of men, working like ants, carrying pieces of tree out of my neighbors yard.I guess a Tree Service found me instead.I spoke with the owner, who was running this massive chipper (nothing that was cut down was saved - it was all chipped [tss....tss] I presume due to the damaged condition of the wood.I arranged for these guys to come by my house today, to take the tree in my front yard down, or to cut enough of the bad sections out of it, to take the chance of it falling on the house or my vehicles, out of the picture.It started slow. The owner and three guys. One up the tree, with climbing spikes and ropes, and two on the ground to police up everything that was cut out. The owner supervised.They made quick work of the tree issue (it was heavily thinned, and the dead branches removed, but the bulk of the tree remains)..working quickly, without getting in each others way.My tree looks great. the worker guys policed up my yard, and piled everything up on the curb, and we awaited the rest of the crew, and the heavy equipment (and a bunch more dudes).They set up the chipper [tss...tss...]machine, and in a matter of less than 10 minutes, the remains of my tree were gone. With the addition of many more ground workers, the movement took on the flow of ants. Moving quickly, and out of each others way.The company is insured, for both structural and personal injury. They work quickly, and do not leave a mess behind.I was pleased with their work, and for the amount of people on site and the amount of heavy equipment on site, I thought that the cost of this tree service today was reasonable.Recommended#Removeyourhat
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,9/16/2012,30,51,,4,3>A girlfriend of mine didn't recommend this place at all and was very against going to Tida Thai in Newport News...but my husband and I decided to go anyways. I'm glad we did. From outside the place seems mediocre, but the inside ambiance was really nice. I always give extra kudos for places that has real candles and real flowers as a part of the decor. When you first walk in, you enter a small foyer which is pretty claustrophobic before you actually enter the restaurant. We had a new waitress waiting on us...she was a little clumsy, but I didn't really mind it. The place is pricey for Thai food. There are booths alongside the walls of the restaurant which gives a decent amount of privacy because the seats are high. My husband and I got the satay chicken (which comes with four skewers), the pad Thai with chicken (which is what I usually try first at Thai restaurants), and the pad saew with pork, and Thai fried rice or something with chicken. I've had my share of Thai food and have certain expectations...sooo, with that being said, I thought the satay chicken peanut sauce could be better. It ran a little bit on the watery or runny side. They definitely had a little too much coconut milk extract or something in there which made my throat hurt a little it. (I like to drownnn my chicken in the sauce because I LOVE peanut sauces.) The pad Thai was pretty good in my opinion. I was very satisfied with it. I really wished I had the shrimp pad Thai, but that would've jumped the price to like $15.00 or something ridiculous for pad Thai. The pad saew was alright. And the Thai fried rice was a small portion which I thought I could probably finish by myself. With all the dishes, the meat portions were pretty generous...it was like HUGE slices of meat. I personally don't like the huge slices...but what can I do? They also put a little orchid flower on our plates which I thought was cute and they have carrots garnished as a part of the presentation. As I said earlier, our waitress was a little clumsy and unknowledgeable of the dishes, but she was honest and I didn't really mind. There was also a miscommunication with me and another waiter I spoke to when I wanted to order sweet sticky rice WITHOUT the mango to go too. I ended up getting the mango and getting charged for an extra side of sticky rice. All in all, my husband and I spent $60.00 for our meal that night.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,9/15/2012,104,345,9,14,7>This restaurant just opened up in the space that used to house Conklin's Irish Rover before it died a quick and justifiable death last year.I was a little cautious about trying a new place on their opening weekend since it sometimes takes a while before a new restaurant hits its stride.  There was no need for caution here.  The restaurant was packed and the staff and kitchen were operating smoothly.  Very impressive.  They blow that God-awful Tapas joint by Regal Cinemas Strawbridge out of the water.I don't know who the chef is here but whoever he or she is, they are rocking out some righteous food.  Everything we tried was lick the plate delicious.  Mushroom and smoked gouda soup, she crab soup (with huge chunks of lump crabmeat), lobster rolls, crab fried rice, pulled pork egg rolls.  Even the fried doughnuts with raspberry, caramel and chocolate dipping sauces to end the meal were perfect.  The owners had better tie this chef down with a long-term contract.  This food is going to get noticed soon I'll bet.They have a very creative list of martinis but I always like to stick to the classics.  The bonus was that we were there during happy hour so I was paying just over $5 for my dirty martinis.  The usual price is $7 which I will gladly pay anytime.  But I do have to be a bit critical as they do not currently have Bombay Sapphire Gin (my fave!).  I had to settle for Tanqueray but I did notice a bottle of Hendricks on the shelf behind the bar after I placed the order with the waitress.  I hope they correct this discrepancy soon.  No martini bar should be in business that doesn't carry BSG.  It almost feels like a law is being broken.  If I see a bottle of BSG the next time I go I will raise this review up to five stars.Speaking of wait staff.  Holy eye candy, Batman!.  Every waitress is young and, um, shall we say...healthy in appearance?  Yeah, you get my drift.  And the fact that they were all wearing LBD's makes your martini drinking experience all the better.  But it isn't all about the looks.  These ladies were seriously efficient and kept the orders flowing out to the busy dining room.  The owners did a good job hiring their staff.Needless to say we will be returning.  The food, drinks and atmosphere are superb and the prices are incredibly reasonable for what you get.  This place is a gem.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,9/14/2012,11,54,,6,1>We were trying to go to "The Grace's Cantonese", but when we got there, we found that all the signs had changed. Judy, the extremely friendly new proprietor, told us she had bought out the restaurant after The Grace's closed, and opened Judy's about two weeks ago. Judy's had a huge menu full of authentic dishes you might run into in Beijing, as well as a few obligatory American-style favorites; she is hoping to introduce more authentic Chinese cuisine to the region, and wants to phase General Tso out entirely. She was more than happy to make recommendations if you are looking to learn some new dishes.We had two plates of dumplings, an order of stir-fried watercress, and an order of chicken with chilies, and of course rice, and it was a huge amount of food for three people. None of us could think of a single negative thing to say about any of the dishes; the watercress was flavorful and garlicky, and the chicken was crisp and spicy.We went at 2pm, so the restaurant was emptying out. We found service to be prompt and our food came within 15 minutes, but it might have been slower if the place was busier. Judy dropped by several times to check on us and to chat.In terms of appearance, the restaurant was more function than form; a few pieces of generic-looking art on the walls and two-dozen or so small tables set around the room. Still, everything was well-kept and clean, and it was a comfortable space to hang out for lunch. Judy's had plenty of floor space for large groups, although some tables would have to be shuffled a bit. They don't yet have their ABC license ready, though.I'm sad to see The Grace's go, but Judy's was really a very pleasant surprise. We'll definitely be back again. It's really hard to find authentic Chinese food in Hampton Roads, and I think this place really adds something to our local foodie scene.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/13/2012,280,260,,3,3>Yes, I am a fan of Harbor Park. Even though I'm not a huge baseball fan, it is easy to get caught up in excitement when you are sitting in a large whooping crowd. Last night was the largest crowed I'd ever seen due to the Navy discount they had going on. Besides the excitement of the score, outs and runs, there is also the silly antics of the mascots and silly games played between innings. They do a good job of keeping this going throughout the whole game and giving out bennies to certain sections or people like free Subway Sandwiches or Chic Filet. They even have a bounce house at one corner of the Park for all the little kids to get their jump on. The food is actually decent but unsurprisingly over-priced. I asked my husband to get me a fried s'more simply because I'd never had one and wanted to try it. Turns out it was a Moonpie encircled in a donut. It was still good. The fireworks at the end of the night were amazing, even better than July 4. To me the best and most fun part of the night is letting my kids join the other kids in running the bases at the end of the game. They usually play Cotton Eye Joe and you can't help cheer them on as you see their little faces full of excitement. Definitely an all around great family outing!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,9/12/2012,47,141,,7,3>I adore this beach.  This is a GREAT beach if you are looking to get away from the touristy beaches of VA Beach.  Get there early to find good parking, and make sure you observe the parking signs/rules because they WILL tow you.  We stayed 4 hours and I saw a tow truck both times I walked back to my car for something.This is an awesome beach if you have kids - especially smaller ones.  The waves are very gentle and calm.  My only real complaint was when the tide reaches a certain level, there is a dropoff of about a foot, perhaps more.  If you have toddlers, you have to kind of watch out for that.Lot of folks walking their dogs on the beach.  Other commenters have complained about unruly dogs, but so far, I haven't seen any of that.  The animals we saw were very friendly and left people's things alone.We will definitely be going to Chick's beach as our "usual" spot.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,9/11/2012,163,183,2,3,3>Yea MOCA! Boo for your stealth ninja location... In comparison to the much larger Chrysler Museum, this place packs a lot of character and potential. They have rotating exhibits throughout the year so there's always something new. I love that they had a full exhibit of my fave artist: Warhol, just recently.  Complete with a small room for hands on activities and crafts :)They have this epic glass chandelier in the back room that could also be converted as a small venue for private parties. A friend of a friend had her wedding there. Fab! There's also a small theater for whatever exhibit they are showing. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Pretty clean place but uber small shop. Wish they had more stuff for me to take home ha. But then again, my wallet is glad that they don't. Definitely the best museum to visit for A.D.D. kiddos like myself. Finished roaming in less than an hour. Bam!4 stars for the stealth mode location.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,9/10/2012,65,174,,4,2>I came here with a girlfriend to celebrate her new employment and I'm definitely glad we came. The atmosphere is inviting and the servers are very professional. I started off with a glass of the Italian Pino Grigio- and ended with the same thing. Fantastic wine, I'd definitely reccomend it to anyone. First up was the appetizer- Sriracha with Korean beef "buns"? Oh yes. OH YES. They called it a steamed bun but it really looked like a taco. Regardless, it was delicious. I then had the salmon dinner. The server reccomended it and said that I wouldn't be disappointed- and I definitely wasn't. Their version of the macaroni and cheese was fantastic and the salmon was cooked perfectly.It's sad that it wasn't until near the end of my dinner that I noticed the bar. I don't know how to explain it- but on the wall there are maybe 100 dispensers hooked up to wine. It's super cool.This place was expensive so I won't be a regular, but I will come to celebrate special occassions here for sure!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,9/9/2012,117,20,,2,1>I have been going to Bardo since a friend turned me onto it a couple of years ago.  The Chef, Edward Storey, has become a friend.  My favorite thing to do there is to sit at the food bar and chat with the chef and sous chefs while they cook...I learn a lot every time and the food is never anything other than creative and delicious.  Fave items: Beef Carpaccio, Fried avocado with Crab, Bacon bourbon maple ice cream, service is always tops and the wine selection is delish.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,9/8/2012,35,17,,3,2>I can't gush enough about how much I love Razzo. On our first visit there a couple of years ago, we were taken aback by the menu prices, but once we ate, we felt like we had received our money's worth and more.Since then, we have been back many times. The service is always friendly and professional, the atmosphere ( in a lovely remodeled gas station) is cozy and modern, and the crowd is local and fun. But the FOOD!  Each time we go, we can't resist the appetizers (the baked fennel in garlic cream sauce, the lightly fried shrimp, which are huge, and the calamari=favorites), which are generous. By the time our entrees come, we are stuffed, but we eat up anyway because it's just that damn good.Oh, and half price wine by the glass on weekenights until 6:30.If you are anywhere within driving distance of East Oceanview, you *must* eat at Razzos!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,9/7/2012,18,133,,3,3>Pelon's is a California-mexican style restaurant that looks like a chain but has the feel of an independently owned shop (which I think it pretty much is). I say 'California style' being a native Californian, where mexican restaurants are a dime a dozen. There are two things that keep me coming back (even in the world of a Colley Chipotle): The customer service and the food quality.Every time I've eaten here, the waitresses/cashiers have been extremely friendly and are always working hard both around the restaurant as well as behind the register. I was concerned about this restaurant's well-being after the Chipotle conglomerate entered the neighborhood (which I like too by the way), but they said they had no change in sales! It made me think of 'You've Got Mail' when the book superstore opened and the 'shop around the corner' was in denial about their dwindling business...but I sincerely hope they live long and prosper. The food here has always tasted both fresh and been of perfect quantity. I usually get a burrito, but I've also tried the soups, quesadillas, chips/salsa, and tacos and they were all good as well! I never leave hungry (but I also never leave with leftovers...for those who like leftovers this might not be a great thing). They have PLENTY of vegan/vegetarian options for you non-carnivores in the crowd. For those that like alcohol, they have it here -- Which you might need to drown your sorrows if you don't eat meat.One complain I have that loses a star for me is the value of the food here. While, again, everything is of great quality, I always leave feeling like paid $2-3 more than I would have liked for what I received. Maybe I'm spoiled by my cheap California mexican restaurants, but if they even just included chips with larger entrees I would be much more satisfied with the prices. Although, I would be remiss if I did not mentioned that on Tuesdays they have a free BIG brownie with entrees+drink :). They also have many deals during the week, so check the website!Bottom line: If you like mexican food that isn't from a chain but is of great quality and in a comfortable atmosphere, this is the place to go! Prices are slightly more than you'd expect, but what's a couple extra bucks for good service??
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,9/6/2012,13,66,3,3,2>We walked in, and were immediately greeted by the aroma of meat being grilled. A quick look around and we were sold. We grabbed our trays and waited in the short line at the counter for our turn.With no posted menus and not very well versed in Filipino food, we resorted to the tried and true method of just pointing at what looked good. This is what ended up on our tray:Off the grill, we got a couple of BBQ chicken skewers, some BBQ pork (they cut it into strips with scissors?), and a whole grilled pompano. Chicken on a stick...loved it. Pork was marinated in the same type of bbq sauce and very good . Pompano was a tad dry...A very hearty version of stew. One with beef, the other with pork. Flavorful, meaty chunks of meat in a savory sauce with large tender carrot and potato pieces.Stewed vegetables just to say we ate veggies, and something call Sisig...savory, garlicky,  vinegary and spicy chopped pork bits mixed with onions, and diced green and red chilies for a nice spicy kick. The best part? Little bits of crackling pork skin were mixed into every bite! The textures and tastes of crunchy, spicy, and tangy were dead-on, and it was fantastic mixed into my white rice. Lumpia is made to order and in our excitement to eat them, totally forgot that "made to order" also meant "straight out of the fryer". Rookie mistake. Once our mouths (and the lumpia) cooled down, the Man declared them to be the BEST EVER! They looked like regular lumpia, smelled like  regular lumpia, but these must've been magical lumpia because an order of 6 magically disappeared in about 2 minutes. Everything can be ordered as part of a combo plate, or in 3 different sized containers. The amount of food for the price was really good.  Saw tons of take out customers and grabbed an impressively robust menu to take home with us to decipher what some of the other dishes were called.It's not too often we run across food we haven't tried before, and we're glad we stopped. Mmmmmm Sisig...
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,9/5/2012,31,234,2,8,5>I know that HR is chock full of thrift stores, but this one is definitely worth a look. Good Mojo supports the For Kids organization. It's a smallish thrift with a good selection, and very good prices. The place is clean, nicely laid out, and has a really pleasant staff. They offer tons of promotions. (I'm going today to get a bag of books for $5, but I also take advantage of their loyalty card, sales, and military discounts.) My friend came to visit last month and we had a thrift day, hitting up all that we could find in Norfolk, and this was the clear favorite.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,9/4/2012,61,127,,6,1>** 3/2012: BALADI HAS MOVED & THE NEW LOCATION IS OPEN! ** Their old address was 640 Hilltop West. The NEW location is right around the corner in the same building- 626 Hilltop West (same side of the bldng as Alex's Shoe Repair & the cupcake place). The old location felt like more of a carryout restaurant due to limited seating, but the new location is nice & spacious! The food is still delish, as usual. My fave lunch (or dinner) item right now is the Baladi salad with added shawermah chicken. That salad plus spicy hummus is one of my all time favorite healthy meals!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,9/3/2012,45,5,3,3,2>People who are new to the area are always surprised to find out about this place, which is tucked away in a little corner by the laundromat - and they're always glad they did. The place is adorable - they've done a lot with the small space they have, which is cozy without being cluttered. The window seat provides a nice view of Ghent, and the table for two in the corner is actually a romantic little nook for a date, especially when night falls. The food tastes like your cool uncle made it: it's very home-y and comforting, but there's always a neat ingredient they add (like the delicious, ever-famous apple chutney) to give it a good kick. It's never boring. The staff makes this place - good folks, always helpful, and mercifully out of your face. I've come here with friends during more than one crisis and wept in my (very tasty) roasted veggie curry wrap, made possible by the friendly-but-not-overbearing-Ten Top staff. Thanks, dudes! Sorry I made your tablecloth so soggy with my bitter tears, but I loved your tomato basil sandwich just the same. I'm not the first to say this, but please take this to heart: the potato salad alone is worth the trip.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,9/2/2012,18,50,,6,3>I love this place.  My husband and I went there on a whim and it was the best decision.  We had no idea that the portion sizes were so big, so we had a lot left over but that was fine with me!  To start we ordered the pupusa combo (pork, bean and cheese) which was fantastic - the vinegary slaw is perfect with it.  For dinner my husband ordered "the combo" which is fried yuca (amazing!!), fried pork chunks, pupusas and a tamale...all for $6!  I had to try what their menu said to be "the best carne asada" and they were right.  I have dreams about how charred and moist and seasoned that steak was..and the homemade guac was some of the best in the area.  Overall, I am totally impressed with this place.  The service was a little slow, but the restaurant is clean, the food was served piping hot, and it was dirt cheap.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,9/1/2012,200,13,11,12,11>"It's getting hard to be someone but Strawberry Fields comes to Norfolk and it's all right".Strawberry Fields is the newest spot to churn up on Colley and being the overzealous independent fan that I am, I had to go get the scoop.  It's a small location (previously Swirls) but unlike it's predecessor, I appreciate their use of the limited space.  Specializing in fruit smoothies and homemade gelato, they hope to target a market that Skinny Dip's wrinkly fingers can't grasp.I can only speak on the gelato but with that said, I'm going to have a hard time deviating from it on future visits.  Visually this stuff is beautiful and the banana pudding with full vanilla wafers in the mix was the first to catch my eye.  Guy working the counter was quick to tell me he had made it 10 minutes ago!  I was juiced.  So far so good.  He whips my treat up and flings around an iPad in a custom made wooden swivel case which serves as the register.  Ok, so I get it, it's been done before, but when I was typing away at that thing, I felt like Steve Jobs was smiling down on me.  I added a tip, signed my name and added my email addy all while using nothing but my distal phalanx.  Strawberry fields forever....
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2012,8/31/2012,64,171,4,4,3>I've finally had the chance to experience Susan's Kitchenette.  This is another situation where I lived right down the street for 6 years and NEVER bothered to check them out.  Well, last weekend, my future sister in law picked up some take out.She showed up with meatballs, sweet & sour chicken and another beef dish that I cannot identify at this point in time (I know, sue me, I'm a terrible pinay).  The dishes she brought over were all served with steamed white rice.  The rice was like out of this world delish for some reason.  I think my taste buds are way too used to brown rice.Everything I sampled was good.  Not like my mommy's home cooking, but worth another visit.  I'd like to personally check out the business and sample their lumpia......I'm sure my lumpia is better though (I keed, kind of).
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,8/30/2012,93,171,,5,2>What???  I haven't reviewed this place yet?  What was I thinking?My boyfriend is from upstate NY, and swears by this terrible (in my opinion) dish called a "garbage plate".  As soon as I saw that the Dirty Buffalo made a "dirty plate," I had to take him here.  We make the drive from Virginia Beach just to try this place, and couldn't be happier.  The owners (a young couple) hung out with us while we ate our meals, and shared some stories about people failing the challenge, and their plans for getting a liquor license (the most recent facebook update is that the city has approved it, they are in the process of applying for one), and their love for the Buffalo Bills (apparently they exist).I loved my buffalo wings - the sauce was delicious, and the wings were huge.  The boyfriend enjoyed his Dirty Plate (even went back later to share it with some friends), and I imagine we will be spending some Sundays there once football season starts (because most bars are smart enough not to show a Bills game - and the Dirty Buffalo has plans to rebel).Also, they are open until 4am!  How is this not where ODU is going after they hit up the bars???
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,8/29/2012,29,127,1,5,4>A Norfolk institution. My family has been coming here for years - long before my parents were even born. I fondly remember coming here as a kid with my Nana. She would take me here after going to the zoo.The amazing thing is that the food is still pretty cheap. Burgers are good, fries are good, BBQ is good. Milkshakes are the bomb and you cannot come without having a lime-aid. SO GOOD!!!I don't think the place has ever really changed and I love that about Doumar's. It's always the same thing. It really reminds you that Norfolk was a very happening city at one time, in it's glory days. I can't wait to bring my kids here one day so they can experience this nostalgic place. Every time I come here I feel like I'm on an episode of Happy Days!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,8/28/2012,137,66,,5,4>I've never had a bad meal here. The End. Taste Unlimited's reviews speak for itself, and when a restaurant has majority 5 stars- they're doing something good. The house dressing is awesome and what I like about Taste is their extensive selection of original sandwiches on their menu. But all the same, if I come in wanting something completely different... no problem, make your own is always an option. Their new location at Hilltop is a huge improvement, Taste has always had amazing food, but the new building is huge and packs everything you could ever need in sandwich place. They have a great selection of wine, beers, old fashion sodas, teas, flavored waters you name it. Plus they offer the signature sauce in the retail section to take home or give as a gift. My favorite item is something I recently tried- their blackened tuna salad, made into a wrap. Yummy. *Oh! And don't forget to sign up for their rewards program!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,8/27/2012,84,331,1,7,5>I've dined in here three times in the last few months and will keep coming back to try everything on their menu...and their menu is big! I've tried the Singapore noodles, Bourbon chicken, and Ono wonton special soup and loved it all. What's so awesome about this place is that they definitely do not skimp out on the meat! So much meat! I recommend the Ono wonton special soup (it's called something like that) if you are hungry...gigantic bowl of ramen noodles, wontons, veggies, and topped with pretty much all the barbequed meats. I also enjoyed the free snack of crispy wonton strips and what I would guess is some kind of Sriracha aioli dipping sauce. Great service from the young ladies in this small family joint. One of my top places in Hampton Roads for cheap eats!This is a casual joint, think Chinese takeout restaurant but nicer and larger.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,8/26/2012,122,469,5,9,6>I have a new favorite seafood restaurant in hampton roads! I was really impressed with everything here; the unpretentious service, the beautiful ambiance, and the amazing food. The location is off the radar a bit, you really have to look for it. It's in some sort of collection of shops in a far off boathouse so that was kind of not clear as we drove around but the good news is that there is ample parking for all. Score!We went on a Saturday evening and we didn't have reservations so I wasn't sure if the bar seating would be adequate but I was pleasantly surprised to see tons of available seating. The bar wraps completely around the kitchen prep area so you are able to observe the food coming out and the expo station (see picture). Very cool. We were easily able to find five seats together at the bar on a Saturday night around 7 so I would probably even forgo table reservations and opt for the bar. Although I will say this, the tables overlook the inlet and provide for such a great view (even better than Lynnhaven Fish House) it makes me want to come back for a long lunch with the hubs. They ALSO have a huge outdoor patio right on the water too so there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Have I mentioned yet that I'm impressed?And now the food. I started out with the caprese salad, which was served proper with large basil leaves and stacked with buffalo mozzarella. So good. Their wine/glass list is very selective and they had my unoaked chardonnay for $8/glass, what more could you want? I went back and forth on my entree but ultimately decided on the brie stuffed tenderloin. I know I know, steak at a seafood place but BRIE STUFFED FILET!? Are you kidding me? And it did not dissapoint, cooked perfectly Medium as requested, with a side of new carrots and mash (see picture). DELICIOUS. I was considering the flourless chocolate torte for dessert but opted to drink my dessert instead with their espresso martini (see picture). Everything about this meal was heaven and they had everything that I love (espresso martinis, unoaked chardonnays, filets, CHEESE). I'm coming back, for sure, and drinking A LOT of wine and ordering the fresh catch and sitting outside. Very. Impressed.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,8/25/2012,74,230,4,7,4>We recently saw this place while dining down the way at Brother's but it was after closing time, so we didn't have a chance to stop in and check it out.  However, I was looking for a gift for my wife and who doesn't love chocolate?  So, I made the trip over to Schakolad.  What I saw when I walked in was beyond my expectations.  They had two full cases of various chocolates that they make in house.  It was overwhelming at first to figure out what I might want to get for the gift.  I was actually given a number of customization options to create my own gift and really personalize it.  That was the real draw.  I know I could have gone to any supermarket and picked up some turtles or Ghirardelli squares and probably been in good shape because those are good.  However, coming here gave me the chance to pick a number of options that I know my wife liked rather than sticking with one or two types of candies.  I ended up going with some turtles, sea salt caramels with milk chocolate, almond and pecan clusters, and others that I cannot recall at the moment.  You just tell them what you want and they load it into the box until its full of yummy candies!  And, they are very good.  We really liked everything we tried.  And, while I was in the store, I was given several samples as I asked about a certain item.  It was a nice touch to be able to try it before buying.  I knew it would be a hit when I got home and it was!The candy is fairly pricey so as Eric C. said, it's not something I would do regularly.  But, the personalization and service in store makes it a great option if you need to impress someone with a nice gift of chocolate.  For the cost conscious, they have daily 'dollar deals' that give you the chance to try their chocolate on the cheap.  On the day I went in, they had chocolate covered pretzels for a buck.  Nice!  I think strawberries are on the dollar deal list so definitely contact them to find out the specifics.  Just be warned, if you go in for just a little bit you will be hard pressed to not walk out with more than you planned.  You just get sucked into a chocolate trap......and that's a good thing!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,8/24/2012,121,170,2,8,3>I was excited when I learned that there was an artisan bakery in the area.  I use the Midtown Tunnel daily and thought the proximity of this bakery to my workplace would shine a little extra light on my mornings.  For the most part, it did, but I think Artisans Bakery & Cafe can be so much more.The bakery itself is in an old, almost Victorian, house that has been completely refurbished.  Yes, it's Olde Towne Portsmouth, but is reminiscence of some of the houses you might find in Olde Town Alexandria, with many of them becoming cafes and shops, as well .I have been to Artisans about 5 times and each experience has been different.  I really want to see some consistency, however.On the first few occasions, I had the scones -- large, but more biscuit-like and less buttery like the usual scone.  They are less sweet than most, I like that part, and a good accompaniment to a nice cup of morning joe.On another occasion, I had the chocolate-dipped eclairs.  They were heaven, but a bit petite.  The Chou was nicely done and the creme filling was fantastic.  I would go for those again in a heartbeat.Truth be known, I go to Artisans for the bread.  I lived abroad where bread is king. And there I fell in love with bread. Everyday, Artisans has a selection of breads on the menu.  You can find the baguettes there daily, however.  All of the breads that I've tried have been fantastic.  I usually buy the baguettes in pairs, just to have them on hand at all times.  I had the sourdough once -- also great -- nice crust and a fantastic chew. Strangely enough, the sourdoughs were all different sizes; it was as if they were just pull from the mother-dough and kneaded without portioning first.  This is one of inconsistencies that I worry about. My advice, go for the big one!Artisans, I guess, recently changed their hours of operation.  I was there earlier in the week and the billboard out front said that they were open from 11 - 3; I didn't actually pay attention to that until I left.  I was, informed, of that because I arrived a bit early. I wasn't happy about that because I usually go at 7.30 before hitting the Midtown.  I think the hours are earlier on Friday and Saturday.In addition to the hours changing, the bread always seem to be coming from the kitchen later than expected.  I was there when they opened on several occasions and there were only baguettes to be had.  So, go later in the day if you want some of the delectable breads.I really love Artisans and want them to succeed; I hope they are not suffering from a lack of business and that's the reason for the  hours of operation adjustment.  I hope that this review will bring a little more business their way.  Even with their inconsistencies, I think they deserve a 4 star rating for their service and, of course, the product.  Meanwhile, I hope they continue to work out the kinks because they have become my 'go to' place for artisan bread in HR and I would hate to see them close shop.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,8/23/2012,263,519,2,10,8>One 'Food Coma" wasn't enough. I had to do it again... On my second visit to the County Grill five of the people from my first visit were in attendance. This was a birthday dinner of sorts and everyone ordered something different from the previous visit, so I have a lot more pictures to show you at the end of the review. On this visit we were seated in the bar at a round top table under the giant elk head on the wall. We started off with 2 appetizers as well as an endless supply of mini corn bread biscuits. The apps were Wings and Potato Boats. Both of these apps are unique and have a County Grill twist on them. The wings are smoked, grilled and then doused in the house buffalo wing sauce. The taste is truly unique and they are one of kind and excellent. The same goes for the Potato Boats. These are potato skins on roids. They start out with the same basis, bacon, green onion, cheddar cheese but then the CG adds smoked BBQ beans & smoked beef brisket to the mix. You could make a meal out of these alone. So good.... Now for the entree's. If you read my reviews you know I'm a burger guy, so I went for the County Grill Burger. Good lord CG delivers. This includes a pit grilled burger basted with the house BBQ sauce & topped with smoked bacon, cheddar cheese and fresh mushrooms. The crinkle cut fries come on the side in a mini fry basket and house slaw. This burger is gigantic and delicious. Very cool and darned filling to say the least.Other entree's at the table included the Cape Cobb Salad which includes BBQ skewered shrimp. A large Ribeye steak platter w/ baked potato. Smokehouse Quesadillas (which are an app but big enough to be a meal) and a BBQ Combo which includes pulled pork, beef brisket and smoked chicken breast.Everyone loved their food and the portions are huge. Most of us took food home. If you want some darn find southern home cooking you need to try this place out. Skip lunch that day and bring an appetite. You won't regret it.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,8/22/2012,158,62,12,3,6>UhYeah::beat drops in::Verse 1:I was rolling in my ride, in the 757Crystal blue skies, it was looking like heavenFeel a lil rumble, down in my tummyStart cravin' some pizza, damn am I hungryAin't no Chanellos gonna fix my cravin,Pizza Hut is gross with the pie they slayin'There's only one joint to sooth my achingCogan's Pizza is what I'm blazingChorus:Cooogan's, I've missed you so muchBeen on the West Coast, and I kinda lost touchI'd be lying, if I said you weren't on my mindI wanna dive into your pie, and have a good timeVerse 2:Park on Washington, if ya know what's upSit outside, if you bring your pupIf you wanna play pool, head to the rearPull up a bar seat, if you want to get some beerGarlic knots or breadsticks, mussels or wingsStart it off with these and you'll feel like a kingSalad, pasta, sammiches, and subsI skipped all of these, cuz pizza's my grubRepeat ChorusVerse 3:Five cheese or white, you can't go wrongCalifornia Dreamin', a Mama's and Papa's songThe Mediterranean is quite a delightand Bar-b-que Chicken will keep you warm all nightIf you don't like those, you can have what you pleaseFirst pick your sauce, next your cheeseI go with the Spicy, add my ricotta feta mozzerallaArtichokes chicken garlic, and nothing could be bettaRepeat Chorus::This was a BeastMode production.  All rights reserved.::
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,8/21/2012,10,10,,3,1>Gracious neiborhood pizzeria. New and classy no old smells. Neighborhood favorite for pick up.Dress up or dress down. Calming local atmosphere nice bar. Weekends are busy, perfect in the middle of the week meal.Service as a regular is great.  Right off the stove wicked GALIC KNOTS and I mean, mean GALIC deelish the vampires and ghost won't bother you for a while. Quite frankly I order them when we have company over and claim them as my own.Chicken And veal marsala, lasagna, strombolies very tastey.More wine selections would be preferred.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,8/20/2012,28,39,,1,2>Delivery, take out, or dine-in; this is my spot for pizza! If you frequent Shorebreak you will definitely want to invest in your own pint or football glass...I have a few of both :) It gives you discounts on beers and mixed drinks - can't beat it! During the week days they have a killer carry-out special featuring 1 pie for $8. Can't beat that! Add a few toppings and you're good to go. This special was a staple in my diet for a little while. Recently, I tried their thin crust pizza and it's awesome! Topped with their signature spicy sauce, cheese, and lots of vegetables it's the perfect combination. And I don't feel so bad for all the carbs I've eaten. Their Sam Adam's fried shrimp are a great appetizer. Shorebreak is great for all ages! They have all sorts of arcade games and pool tables and TONS of TVs to watch any sporting game you want. In the summer they deck out their patio with corn hole boards and bounce houses on the weekend. Definitely a locals spot in VB!!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,8/19/2012,103,96,1,22,3>In the Hampton Roads area there are plenty of piercing and tattoo parlors, but none compare to Virginia Beach Ink.  The problem that I have run into in most of the piercing and tattoo parlors in this area is the attitude of the staff.  I've seen so many tattoo artists, piercers and front desk staff act like they are holier than thou because they work in a tattoo parlor.  Well let me say that Virginia Beach Ink's staff is NOTHING like that.  Everyone that I have talked to that works there is awesome!  They are all very friendly and knowledgeable.  They will talk to you if you have questions about your tattoo or piercing and they seem to treat you like an actual client rather than cattle they are trying to quickly brand so they can move onto the next one.  Their prices are reasonable and their work is quality work.  Since they have opened and I got pierced by Shimp I will never get pierced at another place!!  They ROCK!!!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,8/18/2012,63,174,,5,2>Bubba's is one of two or three Virginia Beach Shore Drive restaurants that are consistently on the Local's Favorites list for fresh local seafood, and they're probably the best spot in town for fresh crab and crab dishes. It's a small, unpretentious place right on the water on the inland side of Lynnhaven Inlet, with a boat ramp on one side and the Virginia Pilot's Association boathouse on the other. Hard to find a more pleasant and nautical location for a restaurant! Given it's location, the seafood is always right off the boat --- literally. Bubba's doesn't try to get fancy with preparation --- thank goodness --- just well prepared fresh seafood, broiled, fried or blackened (sometimes) and no fancy sauces or toppings. Their sides are equally basic, but very good. I especially love their coleslaw; the cabbage is only shredded and made into slaw when the order is received in the kitchen.The only downside to Bubba's is that the kitchen is small, and you can wait a while for your food if you're there on a Friday or Saturday. Mid-week early evenings seems to be the best for service, although the waitstaff is always pleasant, no matter how long the wait for food. I never tire of the scenery out the restaurant window --- or on the patio when it's warm enough --- so a wait here for food is among the most pleasant of any restaurant in town. All in all, one of my two most favorite places for fresh seafood and crab in Va Beach. A lot like most Va Beach seafood restaurants used to be in the 50's and '60's --- except that you can no longer get away with throwing crab and shrimp shells on the floor.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2012,8/17/2012,183,190,3,6,5>This is all about the outdoor experience by the water.  I love coming here on Sundays to hang out and have a few ice cold beers or an orange crush.  I would always recommend sitting outside near the bar.  The food isn't what it used to be, but they do have a couple of items that are good.  The Hatteras clam chowder is full of clams and fresh cut potatoes and vegetables--and, yes-it is the clear broth.  For a quick appetizer-I recommend the fried shrimp and lava sauce or a basket of the fresh cut fries (plus the malt vinegar!).  To really fill your belly, order from the oyster bar menu or the catch-of-the-day.  Just chill and enjoy your afternoon in the sun at Chick's.  Inevitably, this place is more about the friends and hanging out at bar by the water than the food.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,8/16/2012,29,54,,7,2>I need to write a review of this place so I can add it to my "list" of places to go in Hampton Roads. I've been here about 5 times. They finally moved to a bigger location off of Colley Ave. in Norfolk, which was such a good decision, although the waiting area is still awkward and small. Luna Maya is like Tex Mex with a twist, and classier...are you following me? It's just a fun place to go out to eat. They have great happy hour specials, good sangria, and tequila flights.Their menu is definitely different than a typical Mexican place. They are known for their tamales, but there is just so much fun stuff to choose from. The last thing I had were the tostadas and a mojitos, and they were really good. This is definitely a place to hit up when you are in the area.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,8/15/2012,114,446,,3,2>All I have to say is that I've finally found the perfect place for warm weather Happy Hour! Great views. Good prices!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/14/2012,134,156,2,4,5>What a refreshing break from the norm!!! I can't stomach Starbucks, and I don't run on Dunkin, so Borjo Coffeehouse is like a god send. This little spot reminds me of all the coffee shops in Boston. Everything here is great, and seriously above average. Not even playing. Their iced coffee is serious... and their chai is basically a dream. Guaranteed you're gonna think you're in the movie Inception if you taste their chai milkshake. Shits unreal. And their little slices of cake are to die for. I get one every time I go there... which is really bad since I go to school at ODU, and I frequent this place once a day:( To be expected, they're a bit pricey, but hey, you get what you pay for. And everything here is crazy awesome, so I say, pay the extra money.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,8/12/2012,45,291,2,4,2>Love this place!  Its a perfect compliment to the carousel thats a few blocks away.My daughter experienced her first taste of ice cream here (Key lime pie flavor).  It has a slightly old timey feel, great ice cream, friendly staff, and good prices.  So far we've tried butter brickle, key lime pie, strawberry cheese cake, and red velvet flavors.  They were all pretty great except the red velvet.  It was good, but not great.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,8/11/2012,18,48,,2,1>FeLynn is one of the few larger filipino restuarants out in virginia beach. It's very close to where my parents live, so when I visit them, I tend to visit them for lunch or for carry-out. The atmosphere is more like a cafeteria type dining..You would wait in line and then point and tell the server what you want. I recommend the fried milkfish and the lumpia, they;re delish. They pretty much have all the usual filipino dishes and deserts. I also recommend their halo-halo and chicken siopao, yummy..wow, typing this is making me hungry!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,8/10/2012,83,478,,2,2>We love this place.  The large size means there is not a wait unless you go at the heart of the dinner rush.  Their chips and salsa come with free "white sauce" which I love.  We tend to either get fajitas for two or the burrito San Jose which is filled with chorizo, rice, beans, and covered in queso (YUM).Service is fairly good - it just depends on the level of competence of your server, like most places, but overall we're usually well taken care of.They have a nice bar and have several mounted wall flat screen TVs and usually show every football game on Sundays (which my husband loves). Prices are fair but have increased a few times since we moved here.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/9/2012,464,705,2,9,4>So I don't normally do groupons unless they really offer something special or different. I only kayak'd once before in very calm waters and was initially hesitant about this since you got out into the ocean. No problem! Just got back today and this was a great experience. Whenever people come in to visit me, I will def take them on this trip. It's about a 2.5 hour adventure and they have times at 7:30 AM and 10:30AM. They will take you to see dolphins in the open waters where there are also turtles. I suggest going in the morning because that is when the dolphins are more likely to be there (it's their feeding time). Remember to bring towels, water bottle, sun block and sun glasses!!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,8/8/2012,34,139,4,4,3>My husband took me to Salvatore's for Mother's Day today.  This was our second time dining in here.  Before taking us to our seat I was given a rose in honor of Mother's Day, which was a nice touch.  We ordered mozzarella sticks (per my 5 year old's request) and Insalata Caprese, which was a special today, for our appetizers.  I had forgotten that the mozzarella sticks are more like gigantic fried wedges of cheese than sticks (I posted a picture).  Regardless of their size, they are delicious!  The Insalata Caprese was good, too.  And, as always, the garlic knots were a nice treat.For my meal I ordered the Tortellini Quattro Formaggi, which is cheese tortellini covered in a four cheese sauce. (I'm from Wisconsin!  I  cheese!)  It was phenomenal.  I actually ordered this the first time we visited as well and received a very small portion, which was disappointing.  This time, the portion size was more than enough and it was presented much better than the first time.My husband ordered the Pasta Trio, and in his words, it was f'n fantastic.  Classy, right?  Our kids had spaghetti with a meatball and fettuccine bambino (sp?).  The portion sizes were way more than enough for a five and two year old.  They probably could have split one meal.  They enjoyed both and now we have leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  :)After our meals, we were brought a complimentary dessert in honor of Mother's Day.  They were a sort of donut hole covered in (I think) powdered sugar and cinnamon drizzled with chocolate and strawberry sauces.  This description may not be completely accurate.  They were unique and delicious.  Salvatore's may appear to be a casual pizzeria, but it is certainly much more than that.  We had a wonderful dining experience and look forward to going back again soon.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,8/7/2012,32,6,,3,2>Local coffee shop in downtown Norfolk.  I was there this morning and I ordered a coffee and a croissant.  Pleasant, atmosphere, nice typical-eclectic decor.  My coffee was just right and the croissant with egg and cheese was fine.  Service was timely and the location - right next the light rail stop at MacArthur, is perfect.  If you're strolling downtown Norfolk in the morning definitely a place to stop and relax.  I'd definitely go back and recommend it.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,8/6/2012,56,193,,3,4>This is beach shack perfection! Over looking rudee inlet this shabby chic small place has food that will knock your socks off. We started with the Hot Blue Crab dip with a warm pita it melts in your mouth! I had the fried oyster basket and they were some of the best I had ever had, plump and juicy with housemade cole slaw and crispy shoe string fries amazing! My wife had the real treat the Crab Cake sandwich loads of jumbo lump meat few fillers and all flavor I have not found a crab cake this good in VB until now. We will be going back the crab ball appetizer is calling and I have to have another crab cake along with their awesome drink specials!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/5/2012,231,461,5,3,3>One word, FOODGASM! I saw the menu and the prices were ridiculous, but then I got my food, the portions are equally as ridiculous. So, before you judge on price alone, check out the portion and taste the food. I think Vanessa G. is either the biggest food snob on earth or completely crazy. Well, I guess that's not fair, everyone is entitled to their own opinion but I think hers is wrong! The pastrami is amazing if you like pastrami. My choice is the Reuben Burger or the Steak Sandwich. Both are incredible. If you like corned beef and burgers you have to try the Reuben Burger. It is insanely delicious. Also, the desserts... get a dessert. Know this, if you attempt to finish your meal, which I think is impossible, you will not be able to get dessert. Either make a decision to eat half the meal and half your dessert or get either a meal or a dessert, or take the dessert to go. Whatever you decide, just get a dessert.I don't see how anyone can walk out of this place and not be happy. I am from NY and this deli is no joke.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/4/2012,155,241,6,2,2>The idea of willingly going to a place that has the word "CLUB" in its name just isn't the type of establishment that I would be interested in going. SO when the invite went out and rsvp's were being counted, mine was not one of them.Thankfully, Xerxes is all about the peer pressure and he talked me into going. So I called up a close friend of mine and pleaded with her to come with me to this "club" I just heard about.Oh yeah. Did I mention that Havana Nights isn't a club. It's a lounge.Hey. I can do a lounge. I am all about lounging.The bartender (who happens to be the GM) Bert, is so friendly and knowledgeable and mixes up some darn good drinks. The music was fantastic and live. This was an awesome first Yelp elite event (for me) and I am so glad I went. I'm pretty sure it won't take as much prodding to get me to go to another one. Kudos on a very well planned event and the YelpO game .. I might just be a little too competitive but it was great fun and I probably would not have spoken to more than half the people there without it. Definitely looking forward to another event.ps: I LOVE my sweat band and Yelp Life gloves which I totally wore all night when I got home. Because that's how I roll, Yo.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,8/3/2012,144,28,,5,2>since the Revamp of this Trash mountain this is a wonderful park.  The kids cove is very up to date, the skate park is great, the walking trails are a joy and of course for me the hill for flying kites is the best in the area...  I remember 20 years ago I used to ride the paddle boats alas they are now gone but the lake has an abundance of ducks and other waterfowl the entertain and delight the kiddo's and if your into Geo caching there are at least 3 caches on the grounds including the very first one I ever found...when you head over... enjoy there is something for every one!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/2/2012,157,510,3,8,6>Had another meal here, and they continue to impress me. I had a fantastic crab cake sandwich for the same price of the nasty one I had at Thirsty Camel. The crab cake here was solid crab meat, no filler at all.One of my friends had the 50/50 burger (1/2 ground bacon and 1/2 ground beef). I had a corner of it and it was amazing.Another friend had the daily burger special. That day it was a burger with fried green tomatoes on top with goat cheese. I didn't try it, but they loved it. I recommend that you try this place.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,8/1/2012,63,152,,2,2>I came here with my family on Mothers Day and had so much fun. I know a lot of people think this is just a boring museum but it really isn't. Saw a lot of things from old time Navy and my kids absolutely loved the Morse code area. I finally had to pull them away because all the beeping was driving me crazy. We spent a long time in the area that had the touch tanks with the sting ray or horseshoe crab.We didn't go to the Wisconsin because we ran out of time but we'll definitely be back.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,7/31/2012,121,199,1,4,1>The Children's Museum of Virginia has something for everyone.  We ended up buying an annual membership because it is something I can take Klaw to every couple of weeks and it doesn't get old for him.  The price per visit is a little steep if you plan to go more than a couple of times of year, so it's worth looking at a membership if you are local and your kids like it.My biggest tip for those of you with young toddlers is to go first thing in the morning or late in the afternoon to have some time in the museum without big groups/field trips. I like going when they open and run around and then circle back to the gated toddler area downstairs once the groups start filing in.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,7/30/2012,22,80,,3,1>I had some sort of caprese/proscuitto (sp?) sandwich to go, accompanied with a caesar salad and a birthday cupcake. WOW. The sandwich was incredible. The salad was amazing and the cupcake was delightful. The customer service was good, a bit slow for how few customers there were- but perhaps they were preparing advanced orders that I didn't know about. I am glad I was finally able to go, because I've been trying for a while now and they're always closed when I drive by! Everything was excellent and I hope to return soon.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,7/29/2012,220,185,,2,2>Expensive yes.  Great quality and taste...heck yeah!  This is our lunch date spot and you can tell by the clientele that it ain't Panera.  The bread is fresh and the sandwiches are usually stuffed...and completely fresh.  Our favorite is the Princess Anne (which is vegetarian) but we'll add chicken or smoke turkey.  It's redunk.  The roasted red pepper aioli is so good.  I'm normally not hot on mayo or mayo-type sauces...and definitely not a lot of it if it's on my food.  However, they are super generous with the aioli and you'll hear no complaints from this girl.Most of the sandwiches are winners.  I've had the crab sandwich and pannini and both kind of left me wanting more.  I'm a MD native so crab cakes are in my blood.  The Son ordered the cheese pannini and we were a bit disappointed after waiting forever and the sandwich was barely hot...the cheese wasn't even melted.The gelato selection is from Melt and not too shabby.  We love the variety of snacks they offer.  Haven't tried any of the baked goods.  We did try one of the dinners for of our our lunches (some coated baked chicken breast) and were a bit disappointed.  However, the ribs looked redunk and had us drooling over them.Again, these are pricey sandwiches but well worth it for us.  Plus the VIP program is a nice incentive (although I wish they offered it to be used at all the locations instead of building up your purchases at only once location...you get enrolled in a separate account at each location).
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,7/28/2012,38,231,,4,1>I completely underestimated the size of this museum and the scope of its content.  Originally I scheduled two hours for the museum and by the third hour they were closing.  With the last few minutes I almost literally ran through the remainder of the museum to realize that I had barely seen half of the displays.  Shame on me for not doing more research in advance BUT it gives me something to do on another day.  I was able to see the Monitor/Merrimack (Virginia!) displays which were OUSTANDING.Two thumbs up for:  Exhibit quality, diversity of topics, historical preservation
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,7/27/2012,3,17,,4,2>This is my new favorite spot and I am sending many clients.  37 is fresh and new.  The staff is well trained and very friendly.  It is very open and the design is so unique.  The price point is so reasonable.  The apps are very fresh and different.  Try the flat bread and the scallops, so great.  The beef tenderloin was amazing and the scallop potato amazing!  I loved the whole experience.  It is laid back and very comfortable.  This is a spot you will go many times.  Dont forget to have dessert the cheesecake is to die for, very different....I dont want to give it away.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,7/26/2012,17,41,,3,2>Sooooo delicious. I'm from California and recently moved to Virginia. This was the first pizza shop I just happened to find on my way to my hotel and I have to say It's rare to find a delicious mom and pop pizza joint. This place won my taste buds!!! I'm definitely going back. The staff are super friendly too! :) BEST PIZZA IN TOWN!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/25/2012,9,45,,3,2>Before I begin my actual review I just want to say I really did enjoy Bite Restaurant.  To start with, our server Andrew was fantastic! His recommendations  were right on the money! We started with the She Crab soup which I think is the best in the Hampton Roads area. We then moved on to the Bite Shrimp and the Scallops. Both were extremely well prepared and the presentation was fantastic. I thought the Duck sliders were good, a different way to have duck. Others in my party enjoyed the poached lobster. The 3 Way Tuna was a disappointment. I enjoyed the crab cakes but others in my party were not as keen as I was. Keep in mind the name of the restaurant is Bite so all the dishes served are meant to be shared. I
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/24/2012,29,248,6,11,4>Yay , im a fan is right!  So, coming from a brown person, this place is legit!Im very skeptical of indian restaurants- im used to 7/10 making a batch of "curry" and serving that gravy with everything, so, at these places- Paneer Tikka masala has the same sauce as chicken tikka masala. Then, they add some butter to it and then make it butter chicken.- Very low, very cheap.  This is NOT ONE OF THESE PLACES. So, im happy and im a fan!Food- very good! I went there a few weeks ago, but i can still remember our order- chicken tikka masala and butter chicken, yum! Food here is made to your level of spiciness ( is that even a word?)- the server will ask you if you want it - mild, medium or hot. Many indian food virgins dont realize that they can alter the hotness to their taste. Service- Average. Ive been there twice- first time it was phenomenal, second time, kinda scant. Even though our waiter sometimes was out of sight, i could always grab someone else to help, so it wasn't too shabby. Menus were well written- they have the generic indian dishes and dishes are explained pretty well. Food is standard prices for and indian place $$- so cant complain too much there.Decor- Very pretty. It has a nice indian rainforest theme going. The hostess is dressed very elegant in indian clothes- it looks like shes going to a wedding, everyday. I also appreciated the cleanliness. Oh, yes, i did notice something ( cause im nosy like that). I saw a waiter drop something into a plate he was carrying ( this was while he was coming out of the kitchen). He instantly put that plate aside, went in, and bought the guy a fresh new one. This was important to me because no one was watching, he did it all on his own, which is definitely noteworthy in my book :) So, coming from NJ, a state filled with brown people, i can say that Monsoon surpasses tons of places ive been to! It is most definitely worth the visit!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,7/23/2012,27,26,1,5,3>The decor is simple and trendy. While the atmosphere is casual, the prices are not! I have come to realize through experience, anytime you see just a number and a period with no dollar sign for a dish, it's a relatively expensive restaurant. Being on a date, I was even more conscious of the prices than I normally would have been. The appetizers were priced what most entrees at other restaurants are priced. And the actual entrees at the Green Onion started in the 20 dollar range...closer to 30 actually than 20. So I settled on a warm spinach salad with a dressing made with pecans and bacon - 11.  And I added grilled chicken - 6. It was a very good salad with wonderful flavors. Or maybe it was my subconscious telling me that this $17 salad was wonderful. Whatever.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,7/22/2012,121,78,,4,2>A very upscale Southwest eatery, Cactus Jack provides an elegant atmosphere for some serious food. Choose from a great selection of salsas to complement your chips. The guacamole is fresh, the tomatillo sauce is bursting with flavors! The wait staff was polite and somewhat attentive. Try the tacos on crunchy shells (I think they were wheat). I had a fish, carnita, and brisket taco and all three were delicious.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/21/2012,88,68,,5,5>It's a different vibe when you arrive at the Public House. The restaurant is located where the old Magnolia Restaurant on Colley Avenue in Norfolk.  When you enter through the doors of Public House you'll notice the host/hostess station on your right and then the massive amount of space in front of you decked out in wooden flooring with a few barrels spaced out to place drinks for a standing room only crowd.  My first thought is that I like the idea that there is an open space with just enough tables to have those who want to enjoy a sit down dinner. Billing itself as a gastropub the space opens itself up for people getting off work to enjoy a cold one or a nice cocktail to unwind and possibly share some small talk about work gripes, sports team bragging rights, or just some comic relief.  The specials are written on a chalkboard and upon your first visit you may need to look around the room to find them.  They also have a beer list on a chalkboard with their unique selection of lagers and ales.  As you head further to the back into the other space they have in the restaurant you'll find a few pool tables and another bar area for smoking patrons. A unique layout that works and I haven't seen anywhere else in Hampton Roads.The menu at Public House is an offering of classic favorites with a different spin. Childhood favorites like tater tots get a new look as Bacon Wrapped Tater Tots made daily served with a Chipotle Ketchup dipping sauce.  Some of their other offerings include your choice between Blue Collar or White Collar Mac & Cheese with your choice of toppings like Chicken, Bangers (Sausage), and Fried Shrimp to name a few.  My favorite so far is the Braised Boneless Short Rib with Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus and a Parmesan Crisp. It was so flavorful and tender and the presentation was very nice for only $15.  I've also had for dessert their take on a Moon Pie which is more than enough for 2 people let alone one.  They make it with homemade chocolate chip cookies dipped in chocolate and with marshmallow fluff and it is everything you'd want in a Moon Pie and more.The things I like about Public House are that it's whimsical in it's menu/bar offerings yet delivers on taste with generous portions. The staff are characters there that embody the idea the restaurant is trying to present which I see as laid back, not pretentious and easy going with just enough edge to make it stand out.   It can even be seen in their bathrooms with some of their "artwork." Take a look for yourself, you'll be quite amused.  Thank you Public House for making food we know and have grown up eating that much better with a playful creativity and good flavor!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,7/19/2012,46,196,,5,2>I had some extra time this morning, and an empty stomach, so I pulled out my iphone and yelped breakfast.  This place came up and I was a mile away.  I will pass up a fast food joint in second to support a locally owned venue.  I was alone so sat at the counter with a perfect view of the kitchen right in front of me.  I ordered water, 2 poached eggs and an english muffin ($3.29 total).  As much as I want to give this place 5 star, I can't.  I watched oatmeal made with fast cooking Quaker and boiled water.  I would have rather seen steel cut oats (which take a very long time but taste better).  I would have preferred to see my poached eggs cooked in vinegar laced boiling water.  They were made in one of those little pans you put water in and top with the insert to drop the egg in, therefore it's steamed eggs not poached.  All that aside it's a good, made to order, inexpensive meal.  AND, it's local, which gave it 4 rather than 3 stars.  Keep these guys in business.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,7/18/2012,93,48,,7,5>The winery is tucked away behind the palace shops in Norfolk. It has a great patio dining area and great in door setup. The first time I went there was for a yelp event. I tried the Cabernet. It was amazing! I also tried their hummus trio. The pita was so soft and delectable. The hummus had olive oil on top, which made it even better than stare bought hummus. The event was at night so we sat outside. The ambiance was very relaxed and beautiful. The next time I went to the Mermaid Winery was for lunch with my mom. We had the hummus again and shared the Triton sandwich. We also had a glass of the peach wine, which is amazing. It does not taste really fruity. Even if you do not like peaches I would try it! The sandwich was so good! It was made with bacon, ham, cheese, and mustard. It was really nice during the day. If your looking for a nice place to have a date this is your place.The wine, food, and atmosphere complement each other. Everything about the Mermaid Winery is amazing! The prices are a little high, but well worth it!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,7/17/2012,533,177,,6,2>I had the pleasure of stopping in to Bobby's BBQ tonight.  Some friends invited us to have some food and hear a comedy act.  It isn't far from where I live but hadn't heard of it.  I was overjoyed to find a great BBQ sandwich with great smokey flavor. The BBQ sauce was very tasty.  Monica had the Buffet and her ribs were great looking and she said they were delicious.  The other items on the Buffet looked great too.   I saw some items on the menu I have to try.  There was a burger - (I think-) the Hudson Surf and Turf burger - a 1/2 pound burger and 2 types of cheese with country ham and bacon and bernaise sauce - I thought it sounded wild - I saw one delivered to another table - it was wild looking!!  (and very big).  I have to have it soon. The wait-staff was great - friendly and checked on us often.  The owner came over and checked to see if we were happy - which we were.  I like the down home feel to this place and the great flavors and aromas.  I'll be going back soon.  The owner saw me taking a pic of my dish and brought me a plate of BBQ Egg Rolls to try (on the house) and they were awesome!!  I found a new favorite place in the neighborhood.  I think after trying one or 2 more items on the menu - I'll have to up this to 5 stars - in spite of the building being old and decor sparse.  (The food is so good - the decor doesn't matter to me).
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,7/16/2012,27,56,,3,3>First time coming here and I was taken aback how nice this place is. The lobby is modeled very nice with a modern/sleek bar right when you walk in. They have a decent menu selection to choose from. The theater itself is stadium seating style with a small cocktail table for two. I was a little disappointed with the theater. I figured with the lobby looking the way it did that the seating would reflect that as well but maybe in the future it will be. The audio/visual of the theater is pretty nice. The waitstaff is friendly and pretty quick. I ordered the beef sliders and my wife ordered the chicken tacos. Both were pretty good. They also have nice bathrooms here if that matters to anyone. I will definitely be coming back here.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/15/2012,21,104,,1,1>I've eaten lunch at Sorabol a few times with my husband and friends.  The restaurant has never been super busy the days I've gone.  Their lunch menu items were all under $10 (mostly $7.95) and had a decent variety of Korean dishes.  Their kimchi jjigae and sundubu jjigae (kimchi and tofu soups, respectively) were generous and well seasoned, but were both boiling hot to the point that I burned my tongue.  Their complimentary banchan (side dishes) were tasty...definitely better than other local Korean places I've checked out.  I haven't ordered any Korean meat dishes so I can't comment on those, but everything else we've ordered has been good.I've had the same waitress every time, and she's very friendly.  The decor and ambiance are a little dated but fine, and the bathrooms are clean.  Sorabol is on my list of regular lunch destinations.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/14/2012,122,43,,1,1>Nice little hidden gem in downtown Norfolk  near the corner of Monticello and Brambleton. Just look for the trusty Greyhound bus station then directly behind you will find the place. As someone pointed out earlier, the parking is weird as you have to navigate a one way street to park in the rear of the building. Not much to look at outside and well, honestly, not much to look at inside either. But what I can appreciate is the overall quality of the food. Having been to Turkey several times this place helps me to remember why it was one of my favorite places to visit. Real Turks here...not people from Wisconsin trying to pass for Turks! LOL! I have noticed that its always the same two people running the spot...? Oh well, it's different in terms of setup but the food is worth the trip.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/13/2012,34,76,1,6,1>Super friendly receptionists and stylists, seriously.  Emma did my color (icy platinum like Pamela or Marilyn...not dirty, yellowish or highlighted) and she did a great job.  My hair is stubborn to lift 5-6 levels but it's fine so it also can't be over-processed either and she totally nailed it.  I am really picky about my platinum.  She's really sweet, totally cares about doing good color and I KNOW I can trust her (if you read my other reviews, I am recovering from having my hair literally burned off by another salon...like I am growing out a mullet, no joke).  Metamorphosis is one lucky salon to have her.  I will also be booking with Molly for message.  They are so friendly, how can I not try their other services?  Now, don't totally over-book Emma because I have to be able to get back in to see her!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,7/12/2012,11,5,1,7,3>I went here for the first time tonight and had the privilege of having Maria do my nails.  She came highly recommended by someone who did my nails in the past prior to moving away and so I was anxious to go and try her salon. I must say that looks are deceiving because from the outside you would never imagine the Oasis type feel you experience once you go inside. The salon is very modern and decorated in a very chic manner. I love the style elements that are included. It is also refreshing that when you walk in you don't smell products and chemicals but rather a fresh scent. There also is no unsightly pricing menu on the wall. Maria greeted me at the door and was beyond friendly. She listened to everything I asked for and gave me one of the best gel fills that I have received in a very longtime. My nails look and feel so natural and great. I received a pedicure as well and that was beyond relaxing. My feet and legs are so soft and the massage that I received was amazing. I wanted to fall asleep right there. Needless to say, I not only enjoyed my experience and was made to feel important but it was affordable. Everything was under $45. I definitely will be going there to see Maria every two weeks.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,7/11/2012,3,4,1,6,3>I just ate at the Grill at Great Bridge for the first time and it was incredible. Yes, the building is small and there is very little parking (the excuse that I have used for not trying is sooner)  but do yourself a favor and just try it. After reviewing their menu, I decided to try the Philly Cheese Steak with peppers. I have had Philly Cheese steaks in the past that were chewy but one bite into this one and I was in love. They use white American Cheese on sliced Rib-eye... Yes, Rib-eye, not crappy flank steak! The Rib-eye was like butter... tender, juicy and flavorful. I have heard from other locals that they make a killer cheeseburger too, which I am planning on trying tomorrow. The only regret that I have is that I was too full to order dessert! I can't wait to try their pie. Before you go, just be aware that they, like many locally owned restaurants in Chesapeake, do not accept plastic. No need to take a lot of cash as the prices are reasonable.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,7/10/2012,6,29,,3,1>I am in love!!!!  My favorite is the Soy-garlic wings with the hushpuppies and sweet radish!!! Its so addicting!!!  I am so glad i found this place.  Didn't know what to think of it until I tasted their wings and also their Mambo sauce...holy gotham city batman...I recommend this place to anyone who loves chicken wings, soy garlic sauce and Mambo sauce!!!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,7/9/2012,144,389,2,3,3>What a difference taking another visit makes. My last experience with Keagans was not as positive as I would have liked. Went there tonight, before attending a comedy show at the VABFB, and tonight's dinner was as different as night and day, from my last experience.The XYL and I both had their chicken tenders plate, and I had a table salad. The salad had an eclectic mix of greens, a tomato wedge, cucumber slices, onions, cheese and bacon bits. The bleu cheese dressing that I ordered (no real light/reduced fat items available aside from balsamic vinaigrette) was a touch on the thin side.Our chicken tenders dish came straight out of the cooker. Both they and the potato wedges were hot and flavorful. The serving size was generous (unlike my last experience here) and the meal was filling. Our server, LeeAnne was attentive to our needs.We took advantage of Keagan's Sunday night, Serve Your Country special, where Firefighters, Policemen, Teachers, Military get BOGO meals. You can't beat that.Gotta give them credit. I had written Keagan's off due to our experiences of our last visit. Tonight, they changed my mind. We had very well prepared food, in a clean environment, with very attentive service. They have made us patrons of their establishments, once again.Recommended. @Removeyourhat
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,7/8/2012,47,141,,2,3>This place is awesome!  Had lunch here, and I must say I was quite impressed.  I had some grilled tuna and it was cooked perfectly.  They have awesome sides and a pretty impressive menu overall.Great beer menu as well, they even have a lot of local stuff.  I really recommend this place, even if you've got someone in your party that doesn't like seafood - the menu is really diverse.Very impressed with the staff here too - very knowledgable.  I will definitely be returning!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,7/7/2012,280,260,4,3,1>The funny bone is great for its intended purpose - to laugh and have a good time. I have gone several times with friends and later left with my face hurting because I couldn't stop smiling or laughing. The Clash of the Comics is an amateur night, and not very good, but when they get the big names in they really deliver. Do NOT go there for dinner! It's really just bar food and super expensive. I went last night and paid $4 for bottled water!!! Who do they think they are, Disneyland?!!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,7/5/2012,27,47,,3,1>I love STILL, this is a place that I often take coworkers, friends, and family. The food is always perfect and the deserts are divine! My only quarrel is with the bartender...although you are a strapping young gent always friendly and well-groomed my drinks are never consistent in quality (some people may like this - he tends to get heavier handed with the liquor with each drink) but with the drinks I order (specialties and martini's) I'm not looking for something that tastes like a glass of vodka with a light pink tint of cranberry juice - I want something that tastes good. Also - avoid his drinks with ginger not sure whats going on there but you often end up with bits of raw ginger floating all over the drink and its gross. For those coming to the restaurant who are not savvy with Portsmouth parking - note its all street parking and a nightmare at night so get there early to find a place to park and NEVER try to park in the TCC parking lot behind STILL (they're tow-truck ready and happy to use it).
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,7/4/2012,2,15,,3,3>Amazing restored theater from 1945. I love the comfortable seating and private tables where you phone in your food order from your table. This truly is a Gem of Old Town Portsmouth. The movie 35MM screen is a huge 41 foot wide and the THX sound system is outstanding.   The food is decent but for the overall experience it is one of the most amazing movie venues you will see in North America. You will need to get to the theater early to purchase seats and than return later that evening for the show which really is the only inconvenience.    This is not a multiplex so only one Movie is showing at the theater. There are a number of cool old shops on the street the Commodore is located and nice old Churches and other architectural buildings of Old P-Town. Hope you enjoy this venue as much as we have each time.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,7/3/2012,10,36,,1,1>One of our Favorite! something diferent with the Chefs table, and we've never had a bad dinner here.All the staff is very personable, and one of the three owners usuaklly stops and checks to see that everything's ok.The only downside for us is that we live on the penninsula and traffic sucks to get there.Thats why we've encouraged them to open one in Hampton!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,7/2/2012,118,112,7,6,3>If you're looking for a romantic, secluded, intimate place for dinner. Zoes will not let you down. I went during the Virginia Beach Restaurant week, it was pretty busy but yet the noise level was still pretty low. We valeted the car & got our coats checked at the front door. Fancy huh? ha Service was extremely professional & timely.  Our food was superb! I started with the clams.. delish, had a perfectly cooked steak with tasty potatoes & asparagus and to finish with a bang a hot chocolate soufflé... holy taste buds is that ever good!I've heard they have the best crab macaroni in town too, I will have to get that next time. Just being here once made me a fan.. It was love at first bite!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,7/1/2012,9,60,4,2,3>Smiling girlfriend eatswhite chocolate coated Twinkie.Me: awesome boyfriend.Haiku, oh yeah!Anyway, they make and sell Twinkies dipped in chocolate with other chocolate drizzled on them to pretty them up.  I've discovered that the white chocolate ones make an excellent present that is much appreciated by my girlfriend.  They're better than flowers.They make a wide variety of other chocolate goodies.  I'm a big fan of the chocolate-coated dried blueberries, and I intend to try the chocolate-dipped gummi bears.  I was a little disappointed with the chocolate peanut butter bars they make since the ratio was too tilted towards peanut butter for my liking, but some people like them that way.  And I've tried one of their giant chocolate-and-other-candies apples.  It was one with toffee on it, I think.They sell truffles, but I don't think they make the truffles.  I'm not certain, but the truffles have their own display cases.  Two display cases were identified as the stuff the store makes, and neither of those had truffles.My first visit was actually years ago when I worked in the Armada Hoffler tower.  They host Chocolate Tastings and I went to one of those.  Basically, they let you sample about a dozen different chocolates and tell you about what causes their different flavors.Speaking of which, they also sell a bunch of chocolate bars, and I don't mean Hershey and Nestle.  They've got fancy chocolate bars with all sorts of things in them (fruit, nuts, chili peppers...).  They've got chocolate bars with silly theme wrappers.  They've even got "single malt" chocolate bars that actually identify the specific plantation all the cocoa in them came from.But mainly, they've got Twinkies in chocolate and my girlfriend loves those.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,6/30/2012,31,234,,8,2>When I first adopted Relay, I wanted a professional grooming done and this place came highly recommended. I dropped him off and he came back looking great, and seemingly at ease with the staff who were very friendly.When I wanted to try out antlers as a chew I was told they had a large variety of natural pet treats, and this place came highly recommended. We swung by and while the prices were a touch high, they had a good selection of great quality food and treats and a staff who were very friendly.When I needed to knock out some spring cleaning and wanted the pup exercised and out of my hair, this place came highly recommended. I dropped him off and was thrilled at the photos posted on facebook showing him having a good time. I picked him up with his tail a waggling, getting special attention from the staff who were very friendly.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,6/29/2012,18,133,2,1,1>I've been going to this restaurant for the last year..probably too often.  When my group of friends is indecisive about where to go, we have a running joke: "Well, No frill never disappoints!"I have yet to get anything on the menu here that was less than just the way I wanted it. I try to to get something different every time to test its boundaries, but No Frill wins every time. Having said that, the food here isn't a culinary wonder of the world, but if you look on the menu online you will get an idea of the food and can be confident that it will be exactly as you would imagine it. Favorites among my friends are the Spotswood melt, grilled chicken pita, teriyaki grilled tuna (asked for it seared!), and reuban sandwich. I have also tried the chili and french onion soup and they were both great!In conclusion, if you're near Ghent and think 'I just don't know what I want to eat...', I give you permission to use my group's phrase: 'No Frill never disappoints!'
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,6/28/2012,3,12,,1,2>I've never had a bad experience at El Loro, everything I've ever tried has been fantastic.  I was there this past weekend and they were making guacamole table side.  I hadn't seen them do this before but it was pretty cool.  We had fajitas and, as always, they were excellent.  They came to the table on sizzling plates with warm tortillas. Service is great and the food is authentic.  There's plenty of free parking and the restaurant is clean, including the bathrooms.  One thing I noticed this time is that they now have free wi-fi, I thought that was a nice touch.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,6/27/2012,61,127,,10,4>I couldn't be more excited about Fruitive! This is exactly what Va Bch needs- healthy food to go. They have a small bar & a few tables (indoor & outdoor) for dine in, but it's primarily to-go. It's not as quick as a fast food restaurant, but anything worth eating takes a bit more time. At Fruitive they have healthy smoothies (not the crappy fake fruit ones like other restaurants), juices, salads, acai bowls, wraps, & sandwiches. On my first visit I tried the hint of mint juice, peaches & greens smoothie, build-your-own salad, & super berry acai bowl.  I LOVED everything! My only gripe is that I am a meat eater & I like to have the option to add meat to my salad/wrap. But that's my only gripe. I can't wait to go back and sample more menu items! Maybe I'll even try a shot of wheat grass :)
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,6/26/2012,0,3,,1,1>This has become our (me & my husband's) "go to" place when we want to get a quick bite to eat and have a couple of cocktails on the oceanfront.  I love the interior and exterior design, the view from the outside patio is nothing short of spectacular, and the food is so very good.  Among our favorites are the Ahi Tuna and Oysters (especially the Oysters Rockefeller).  We haven't ran into a member of the wait staff who isn't super friendly and attentive and the ambiance is perfect - relaxing and comfortable.  We love it here and will continue to come again and again.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,6/25/2012,23,3,,12,2>Big comfy pedicure chairs, four of them I think, that I watched be sanitized after each use. Multiple nail stations with soft rolling chairs at each one.I had gel nails done ($50) and they hadn't chipped, cracked or budged after three full weeks. I had them filled ($30) last week and am very pleased with how they look. I prefer the more natural look and length, but saw some beautiful free hand nail art being done.My pedicure was pretty standard, but the polish is still perfect four weeks later, so they must be doing something right.I've been here a few times now and besides recommending that you have an appointment and ask for Anthony, this is a great nail place.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,6/24/2012,15,43,,2,2>Mmmmmm...baseball. I dare say, at the risk of being trampled on, that my experiences here have been more enjoyable than my first class seats at any of the major league parks I have been to...and as a previous season ticket holder that says ALOT!! First off...where else can you get the best seats in the house for $12-15? Seriously...second row...I could chat with the players if I wanted to. I personally feel that the minor leagues often offers better ball than the majors since these guys are fighting for something, so I won't review anymore on that. In all my time going to games, I have never had an usher offer to wipe off my seat, or offer me sunblock, until I came here. I believe my usher's name was Art, but I will double check tomorrow and update, since I will yet again be back. Before tonight, I had only been to one game since we just moved here, but Art remembered me (really?? One guest out of 8000++??). I even said this to him tonight...I have never has such great customer service at a ball park!!  I ran up in between innings to grab a cup-o-wine (which comes in two sizes!), and waited to return to my seat at a break. I was informed that that wasn't necessary here, versus the big leagues, but I did anyways. And this may seem like a silly point, unless you have lived in Cali, but the vendors DO come down to the seats offereing beer. That is a plus if you have ever been to an Angels game...booooooo. Now, if you are going to complain about the price of food or drinks, then bring your own, because it seem that here you can. Yes, alcoholic beverages are in the $5.50-10 range, on par with the majors, but nobody is forcing you to drink! You are getting  cheap seat goodiness, big league-like playing (yes, you will see Miguel Tejada and like players), friendly employees...so suck up the price of stuff! And come on guys...tip them! They are doing you a service...you don't NEED that pretzel...the poor guys is sweating his butt off over charcoal! Give him a dollar!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,6/23/2012,64,156,,2,2>I've been to Firebrew 3 times now, and it is always so delicious.Two times we've been here strictly for the self-serve wine bar, and usually we happen to order the  Chicken quesadilla with Southwest-flavors. The chicken is rotisserie and in plentiful chunks that make me want to pick it out of my husband's portion before he gets it! Amazing flavors there. The wine bar is also very pleasing.The other time I've been to Firebrew was with a group of 9 for my Masters graduation dinner. We made reservations online, which was very easy, and had no issues with our group. Our service was attentive and my Bacon&Blue Steak was phenomenal. I also had a crock of the Lobster Bisque and a slice of Banana Fosters Ice Cream Cake. Either one of them would be a suitable treat & exceeded my expectations. The owner came by to check on us  & thanked me for choosing FB to celebrate my achievement. My great grandfather said it was the best meal he'd had in years, which was very pleasing to hear.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,6/22/2012,32,60,,1,1>Superb! I called ahead (a tip from other yelpers) and didn't have to wait. I ordered the french toasts and they were scrumptious! Instead of hashbrowns I has sunny side up eggs and bacon. The eggs were very good but a little cold, the bacon was a greasy but again, it's bacon My son had french toasts with fruit and he really enjoyed them. My husband had the steak and eggs and he raved about it. They serve huge portions, next time I'll order french toasts for myself and share them with my toddlers. They also have fantastic service, our waitress was very nice and even funny at times. We just moved in the area and will definitely become regulars!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,6/21/2012,200,13,7,5,4>Went and got the tacos yesterday.  For $7.99 I was given 4 tacos, a drink and what he calls fried nachos.  (Think mozzarella stick but a nacho outer with a nacho chesse center)  As he stated, the queso was definitely top notch and well those fried nachos...  You need to experience them for yourself.  I'm a fan  Tried both the chicken (breaded) and the beef (spicy) and enjoyed both.    Next time it's the Dirty Plates but until then enjoy some taco flavored kisses from J-Loyoutube.com/watch?v=8Tw6
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,6/20/2012,137,66,,7,4>I personally frequent to Pacifica for their sultry and cozy setting and relaxing chic vibe.  This is the place where you want to gather up your girlfriends and go for after-dinner cocktails, wine and a late night sweet treat by the fire. I personally recommend trying the s'mores which they bring out to you with your own mini (doll-house sized) fire pit equipped with the standard- graham crackers, marshmallows, and hershey's chocolate bars. You cant't go wrong!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,6/19/2012,11,79,,3,2>Great beer selection, awesome burgers, and friendly staff.  I went with two of my buds as part of an over night trip to the boardwalk.  We went on a Friday night, in the mid evening (around 7:30-8PM).   Interior/Non-Food RelatedHardwood floors, warm colors on the walls, bricks on most walls, black signage & TV's.  The staff was extremely friendly as well. BeerBeer-their list is massive.  I stuck with two 24 oz Golden Monkey Beers.  I think next time, I'll order flights instead of 24's.  Very good beers and the staff is very knowledgeable about them.  I would not hesitate to take their suggestions.  FoodI got a burger.  I got one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life...and my grandpa raises Black Angus cattle.  It was just that good.  I got the Shark Biscuit Burger-full pound burger, bacon, cheddar cheese, tomato, onion, and a fried egg (it includes mayo, but I got it without).  The burger looked awesome enough that the guy at the table next to me asked what it was.  I think getting that burger qualifies as one of my top favorite experiences since moving to Virginia in November.  The fries were good, but I don't remember much about them.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,6/18/2012,29,127,2,4,3>I have a huge soft spot for this place. My entire family practically worked here (Mom as a guide, Aunt in the admin office, Grandma in the restaurant) way back in the day so I spent a good chunk of my childhood in this place.It is truly beautiful here and very peaceful. I'm sure that other botanical gardens are probably more impressive, but I'm a Norfolk kid and I love this place. This is one of Norfolk's true treasures.Their butterfly garden is awesome... they literally land right on you!They offer tons of classes and workshops in addition to a children's camp in the summer that gives them something fun to do while also learning about nature. They usually open little exhibits here and there during the summer months also (Storybook Houses and Themed Playgrounds). They host the Azalea Festival which is a big deal in Norfolk! During the winter, the Garden of Lights is a very entertaining and of course a tradition for most locals!An awesome place to bike, walk, picnic, bring the kids or go on a date! :)
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,6/17/2012,263,519,2,10,8>Man o man. It seems like it's been forever when it's only been a week. Cogan's took a hit from hurricane Irene and was without power for a few days, however Thursday evening I was able to get in and feed my pizza addiction. As always I was able to saddle up to the bar, Sharon put a Purple Haze in front of me without even asking. That's what good places do. The staff knows the regulars and vice versa. The atmosphere was great. I had another brew and ordered a pizza to go. Large Peperoni, Onions & Sauteed Mushrooms with their spicy sauce. Everything was fresh. Pure pizza heaven.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,6/16/2012,122,469,2,4,2>It sounds like most of the people who have come here have come for the hair styling, but I came here for a facial and my experience was absolutely zen. Of course I forget the name of my aesthetician, but she was awesome, even including a hand and foot massage in with the facial. I loved that they also had very nice aromatherapies to accompany the facials and that overall everyone was professional. The only con is that she didn't do as many extractions that a typical facial would consist of, but maybe that contributed to the whole zen experience. Overall, I will absolutely consider returning for another facial or massage.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,6/15/2012,74,230,3,9,5>It's been around a year and a half since my initial review and so I think it's time for an update.  This is still the best place in the area that we have found for when that sweet tooth starts calling.  The turtle cheesecake is our favorite.  In fact, we just stopped in to pick one up.  It beats any cheesecake around.  It's made for two to split with a terrific chocolate cookie crust and topped with chocolate, caramel, and pecans.    The last time I was in we bought some sweet potato monkey bread and it was so tasty.  The kids loved it, too.  I wish I had bought more.  Unfortunately, when we just stopped in they were out so now I have to get back over soon to pick some more up.  The chocolate chip cookies are huge and very good.  The tomato pies are very popular and though I have only tried one, it was a nice treat and something different from the sweets.  Since the initial review, they have moved up closer to the front of the Farmer's Market and they have much more space now.  Though I cannot discount the experience of the reviewer who had a negative interaction with the owner, it contradicts all of our experiences.  The owners, John and Barbara, are always friendly and John remembers my name every time I stop in.  So, we have pleasant interactions with them each time.  I HIGHLY recommend that you give this place a try.  I can almost guarantee you will love it!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,6/14/2012,22,71,2,6,2>Best oriental store in the area, however it comes with the usual "smell" of an Asian grocery store for those who know what I'm talking about. What I find extremely annoying is while they have many workers stocking the shelves, none of them seem to know where anything is when you ask for help. So you're on your own when shopping here. That being said, they pretty much have everything here in plenty of selections. Happy shopping!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,6/13/2012,84,331,3,3,2>Yummy lunch spot. I went here with a small group at 11:30 on a Friday and the place filled up within the hour I was there. I liked...-Attentive service from the waitress throughout the meal. Thanks for all the water refills!-Heaping plate of drunken noodles with good meat-noodle-veggie ratio. Not covered in sauce! Under $7!-Free egg roll before my meal (totally unexpected!)-Tray of condiments for extra heat (hot sauce, peppers, etc)-Cute and colorful decor
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,6/12/2012,134,156,,7,2>There aren't many tobacco shops in Virginia Beach, especially ones dedicated solely to the sale of cigars! Emerson's has an incredible selection of smokes and accessories, all of which are more than reasonably priced. I honestly don't see the markup here. They do a phenomenal job of pricing and selecting the merchandise. The walk in humidor is stocked with a range of cigars covering all price points... they also regularly mark down cigars so there's always some type of sale going on. The premium cigars boast the most impressive price tag, certainly some of the cheapest I've ever seen. Humidification is on point too--right at that sweet spot where they're not too dry but not too moist either. Directly to the back of the shop is a lounge area. Seating about 7 - 10 people comfortably, this little haven offers a nice size flat screen and a wi-fi hot spot! The store itself is actually pretty big too, so there's more than enough room to smoke while viewing the products in the shop... no smoking in the humidor though (just to clarify because some shops/bars are ok with it). Customer service was great. I went in looking for the Xikar desktop lighter which they were out of, but they did check their other locations. Though they didn't have it I was referred to their website which is very informative. Aside from the sale of tobacco and accessories, they also offered amazing deals similar to those in the store. You can also stay up to date on various events throughout the year. With several different locations all throughout the Hampton Roads area, I plan to check out all of their locations. Hopefully they only get better.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,6/11/2012,121,170,3,5,5>I've known Yama-san for years.  I used to eat at his place in Virginia Beach.  I've also eaten at his former place of the same name in Newport News. Since I work in the area, I was happy to have Sushi Yama close by on 21st St.The evening began with the Botan Shrimp.  The body was served raw while the head was served tempura fried; it was like eating a thick seafood potato chip.  It's was delicious and a must try.  I asked for the Ama-ebi, but the season is gone, and the Botan Shrimp was a nice alternative.I had the sushi deluxe, a nicely done place of nigiri served with wasabi and gari.  The sushi itself was delicious.  It was as fresh as fresh can be.  All of my favorites were there - hamachi, maguro, salmon, and unagi.  Sushi Yama is a bit more expensive than a few other sushi places, but, in my opinion, it money well spent.Cory calls himself a sushi racist. I, on the other hand, call myself a sushi snob.  It's a matter of semantics, I know, but I both understand and share a similar philosophy with him and sushi.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,6/10/2012,29,54,,1,1>Love this place down at the beach. I've eaten in the bar area twice, and loved both experiences equally. Their menu is set up like eat: little, eat: big, etc. I've attached a picture of the wall of drink specials you see when you walk in. I have tried the cheese plate, sauteed calamari, and crab salad. It was all delicious. The location is right next to the beach, but not overlooking the ocean. Monday nights are half off wine as well. I highly recommend going.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,6/9/2012,103,96,,1,1>The decor in this restaurant is beautiful.  I went there for the first time around Christmas time and it was very tastefully decorated with Christmas decorations.  I thought it was completely charming and lovely.  Everyone was so friendly.  The manager was actually at the hostess booth when we walked in and he showed us to our table, introduced himself, told us about the specials and even took our drink order because our waitress was tending to a party of about 16 people.  Although our waitress was dealing with a big party she still came by and brought our drinks and took our order with very good timing.  We went for lunch and the food was absolutely delicious.  My 9 year old daughter was with us and she got a BLT off the kids menu and was in LOVE.  She said it was delicious!  We were all very happy with our experience and plan on returning, probably for dinner this time.  I am a fan!!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,6/8/2012,4,11,,1,1>We went on the word of a freind, and now we're spreading the word.  Great flavorful food, and good portions. The Sweet potato fries were good. My said that their Greens are one of the best she has had.  The pork BBQ is tender and not over cooked as some tend to do.  I enjoyed the Goat as well.  Order at counter and waiter brings the food to the table.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,6/7/2012,183,190,3,5,4>Everyone needs to experience this place at least once.  Nice opportunity to go by yourself and sit at the beautiful large bar or go with a bigger ritzy group and sit at one of tables overlooking the water (I would recommend making a reservation if you need a table!).  Great wine list, but only very few offered by the glass, so be prepared to get a bottle--which they offer in all price ranges and your bartender is sure to make a great recommendation.Real fine dining service.  Highly recommend the tuna tataki and caprese salad as an appetizer.  Although all the entrees are good, I think the fish entrees are the truly the best--they usually have one as a special too.  For dessert, don't waste your time on the creme brulee...go straight for the Ghirardelli brownie explosion of yumminess!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,6/6/2012,105,103,,2,1>Thoroughly enjoyed the crab dip and the tuna tartare. The martinis were delicious. I had the Dirty Banana Martini (scrumptious chocolate concoction) and Espresso Martini that wasn't on the menu. We had a great time making new friends and like the DJ's choice of music. I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,6/5/2012,57,193,,5,5>Great service, Great food!  I saw a picture Anthony Bourdain posted on facebook of a pig on a spit and I started craving my own food for once...Puertorican food!  I decided to hit this place up since it is practically the only Latin-Caribbean place this side of the water.  I was a little worried when I saw that the place was pretty empty at first but it started filling up.  I ordered mofongo with pernil (smashed plantains & pork) and it was excellent!  The pork was juicy and the mofongo was full of flavor.  I actually ordered the mofongo with a mixture of sweet and green plantains (see picture).  I am definitely going back to this place!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,6/4/2012,464,705,4,6,3>Wow! Pho and tacos! Who would have thought? You probably drove by this place many times and though it was closed. Nope, open. They actually have a very long list of items on their Vietnamese menu from steamed spring rolls to Vietnamese sandwiches. Great selection of pho as well with everything you would expect going to places like Pho 79 or Saigon 1.  I got the special with all the "weird" meats in it. Great. The soup base was probably better than Pho 79. What's great (as I eluded to earlier) is that they also serve very American/Tex-mex foods for your friends who are scared of tripe and sriracha! The philly cheesesteak was surprisingly tasty and they have a whole lot of other things on their menu.Given that this place is closer to me and it has other non Vietnamese foods for my Asian-Food hating friends (should they really be my friends?), I think I might have found a new pho-home! (ET pho-home?)
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,6/3/2012,45,291,2,7,3>We had our first barbecue in Virginia here and it was a great experience!  While I believe Georgia pulled pork is superior and Texas BBQ is better than any in the nation, the 'cue here was pretty good.  The complimentary hush puppies were delicious and the amount of choices of sides was outstanding (fries, applesauce, macncheese, and the list goes on).Our waitress was exemplary too.  She saw my baby drop her pacifier on the ground and offered to wash it off for me.  When she brought it back it was hot.  I'm in no way a germaphobe, but the fact she washed it in steaming hot water was a little sign that she cared and takes the extra step in making the customers happy.Also worth mentioning- Mondays are buy 1 barbeque plate, get the 2nd half off!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,6/2/2012,34,139,,3,1>My kids absolutely love the Fun Forest at Chesapeake City Park.  The playgrounds are so big (there are a few different ones located right next to each other).  There is also a big sand play area.  There are usually sand toys waiting to be played with, so you don't need to bring your own.  There are swings and animal statues and rock structures to climb on.  I like to dress my kids in bright colored shirts when we go here so they are easier to spot since it is such a big park.  The park also offers a dog park, a skate park and picnic shelters.  There are basketball courts nearby as well.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,6/1/2012,231,461,,2,1>I have only been here once so I am going to leave it at 4 stars right now. If the service is the same and the food is the same the next couple of times I go back it will get bumped to 5. Yes, I will be going back. First, I must disagree with Meredith about it being rediculously inexpensive. A shawarma is $7 and to me, that is insane! The size is generous though and it was absolutely delicious so I will pay it. I also go the lentil soup. Awesome! Some of the best lentil soup I have had. If you get a lunch combo, that is a very fair price. I got a half shawarma and a bowl of soup and it was something like $8. I paid a dollar extra for lamb which was worth it. Although the store is small, they have some great items that I will be going back for and a nice selection of cheeses in the cooler. They also had a good selection of olives and I am an olive junkie. The hummus is delicious as well. I was recommended the baba ganoush so I will try that next time I go in. It has been a while since I have had it and around here you can't find any worth eating so this will be a real treat for me.  They also have some good imported drinks like soda and mango juice.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,5/31/2012,66,187,,1,1>This place is the bomb.com.  Seriously.  I don't even know where to begin!  How about the fact that these guys accommodate our large work gatherings every single time without a gripe?  I'm talking 15-20 people each time.I hate buffets, but this place's buffet is fresh, clean, stocked regularly (probably because it's so darn good, they need to replenish often), and delicious!  They have new dishes on the buffet every time but keep the common staples, too.  We have also ordered off the menu.  The curry goat is amazing but my favorite is the lamb vindaloo.  Delectable.  And the naan bread????  OMG, like butta!  So soft,  fresh, and always hot out of the oven!Friendly staff, nice atmosphere....I think I'm making the hubby take me there tonight for my bday!  Score!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,5/30/2012,69,206,,3,2>Finding this place in Ocean View was the foodie equivalent of finding black truffles in Haitian street market. Amazing food, surprising ambiance, great service. My husband and I both commute from Norfolk to Hampton every day for work, an 8 mile tunnel backup means we stop for beers somewhere and wait for traffic to die down. Our usual spot, Captain Groovy's was closed for a private party, so we Yelped and found this place. I believe it was fate. Half price wines by the glass from 5-6:30 means we got to try some of their wine list, and we weren't disappointed. Good cab savs and a decent zin -- not a big fan of their Pinot Noir.We had the calamari with a lemon aioli -- it was really lightly fried and just about perfect. We also tried the roasted garlic appetizer and for $13 you get enough food to feed 4 people! Two heads of roasted garlic, 6 pieces or bread, goat cheese, sundried tomatoes and roasted red peppers. It was practically dinner. We were too full to try dinner, the menu looked amazing, as did all the food we saw walk by our table. The meatballs in the spaghetti and meatballs were the size of softballs!  We've determined that this place is our new first choice for traffic induced happy hour!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,5/29/2012,64,171,3,8,5>Alright, I JUST got back from 'gettin my hurr did' at Anthony's.After reading the reviews, I decided to go for it.  I'm glad I did. I did a basic cut - with a shampoo of course (I mean really, how can you NOT like having your head massaged.  I thought I was gonna fall asleep), some long layers and a little bit of framing around my face.  They booked me with Kimberly and she was very nice, friendly and paid special attention to letting me know what she was going to do and if I was 'ok' with it.I definitely was.  I didn't book a follow up appt when I paid but will definitely be going back for my next cut.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,5/28/2012,175,64,,4,3>Without a doubt the best Sushi in Tidewater. If you want a couple quick, cheap rolls with some $3 Japanese beer; this is not where you want to go. However; if you want a full-on NOBU*esk smorgasbord of super fresh sushi and bottle after bottle of cold saki with a big group of friends; this is exactly where you want to go. Empty out your kids student loan fund, call a group of friends and go have the best Sushi and Saki available in Tidewater.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,5/27/2012,39,26,1,5,5>I just got done with my meal tonight & WOW.  It was amazing- the food, the beer and the atmosphere were exactly up my alley!  Its a bit off the beaten trail (Colley, that is) but its really close to my house in West Ghent, so that is a big plus for me!  I went during their happy hour and was able to indulge in $1 off beer (I did a stout they had on draft) and ordered up some fish tacos.  Holy Smokes Batman, it was like a Mexican mariachi in my mouth!  Hot damn!  My dad did the shredded chicken tacos and he remarked that they were perfectly seasoned for him.  As far a my son was concerned, I was a little worried when I realized they didn't have a dedicated kids menu; however, they DID have a wonderful sandwich menu & he ordered the slider plate.  FYI- when I say slider, I'm not taking about White Castle or Krystal burger sliders; I'm taking thick burgers on a McDonald's size bun.  He really only needed one.  The plate came with a side & we ordered the Jalapeno Mac n Cheese sans peppers and it was TO DIE FOR!  Super creamy and had an amazing flavor!  Since it was our first time there, I was uber surprised when the waitress offered dessert.  She said that they make all the desserts fresh every day.  "What the heck" we said & ordered up the Chocolate Cherry Mousse Pie.  What they should have called it was "If you get hit walking out to your car, you will die happy."  This stuff was amazing!!!So, the only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is the price.  The three of us ate for 46.03 :(  Kinda pricey, but it was worth it!  I will definitely be returning on a Monday or Tuesday for the $0.75 taco specials after 4pm!!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,5/25/2012,12,61,,1,1>When it comes to Sushi you have got to try Ninja.. I've been to about 3/4 of the Sushi joint's around the greater Hampton roads area and this one, while seemingly small, packs great service, delicious sushi and a welcome atmosphere.  This was my first trip to Ninja (and def not my last) - the hospitality of the staff was excellent! the sushi chef greeted me and presented me with a complimentary 2-pc roll atop a small lettuce bed topped with spicy sauce and packed with delicious ingredients.  As most know, when presented with the Chef's specialty roll you do not question the contents, you merely enjoy the taste.  They have a full bar and beers on tap, i had the Shock Top with traditional orange.  For sushi i enjoyed 2 rolls - Rock & Roll and Earthquake.  Both served quickly and adorned with a display on each that complemented the sushi it's self.  Overall Ninja Sushi (tucked in the corner of the Harbor View area shopping complex) is my 2nd favorite place to quench my sushi appetite.  Very highly recommended for lunch or dinner.  They also have Teppanyaki/Hibachi style dining located on the opposite end of the restaurant which seemed to be an exciting show.  I'll definitely be back to visit Ninja in Harbor View!!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,5/24/2012,36,28,,3,1>I love this place.  They have an awesome happy hour menu; Beers starting at $1.50-$3.00!  We ordered Tom Yum soup with shrimp it was really good, but I was dissappointed they used canned mushrooms.  Also got the Pad Thai and a spicy beef lettuce wrap that came with sticky rice.. everything was extremely fresh and jam packed with flavor.  I would have gave them 5 stars, but my sticky rice was a little old.  I'm half asian.. if you give me old rice I can tell. Our server even gave us a little history lesson on the history of Laos and Thailand.  I've only liked one other Thai food place, but it's a mom and pop karaoke Thai bar in Japan.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,5/23/2012,157,510,2,11,6>I had a great dinner here.  I had the 1/2 and 1/2 combo, which was a 1/2 rack of baby back ribs, and a half order of St. Louis style ribs. I was very impressed with the ribs because they had plenty of meat, not a lot of fat at all, and the were so flavorful.  Even better (for some people) was that it was 25cent draft beer night (max three) on Wednesdays.  The cole slaw and baked beans are made fresh daily, and they were both really good. They were totally packed. Every table was full, and there were a few people waiting to be seated.  I think that was due to the recent Groupon, and the 25 cent beers.  But even still, the service was really fast.  Food was rolling out of the kitchen without much of a wait at all. It was very close to a 5 star review for me.  If I go back again and have the same great experience, I will definitely upgrade the rating.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,5/22/2012,77,7,,4,3>Kid's eat FREE, all day, every day - per Adult entree, $7.99 or more. Went on a busy Sunday morning, short wait. HOT and fresh coffee immediately. Got Pop's Special- 2 eggs, bacon, grits, $7 +/- . Lunch/dinner menu too. Pancakes were awesome. Friend's food was fresh and good too. Wifi spot (free I think). I will go again, great alternative to IHOP. "We could make waffles all day long" - lol.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,5/19/2012,25,136,,3,2>I always get my eye exams and glasses at this location and have had absolutely no problems. I have returned up to 4 years after I bought glasses to get them cleaned and tightened up.Last week, for the first time, I had to visit because i have a tag or something growing near the inside corner of my eyelid. Before I met with Dr. Keverline the staff gave me a very comprehensive exam, checked my glasses and my eyesight while wearing them. Since it has not been long since i was in the young lady told me that they just wanted to make sure that everything was still good and that my glasses were working well for me.After the exam I went to another room where Dr. Keverline checked the growth on my eyelid.He explained what was going on and what to expect from the surgery. I was impressed with how professional ever thing was handled. I had several questions which were answered completely. The office is easy to find and has plenty of parking.The office is clean and organized.The front desk had e checked in very quickly and with a minimum amount of paperwork.I opened the morning paper but only got 1/2 page before being taken to the exam area.I loved the personal care and professional attitude.My checkout was fast and easy.Within one hour I was out and on the way home.Great!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,5/18/2012,38,86,,2,2>This place came highly recommended by one of my customers.  So much so that she made me take her there for lunch.   I had recommended Plaza Azteca, but I was willing to try this place out. Now, I'm confused about where to go for the best Mexican food.  This place was off the chain!  The waiter was a cool dude who recognized my customer immediately (back away from the restaurant, C.H.).  He was great to deal with. His only downfall is he forgot my cheese sauce (this should be a 4.7 rating), but he did compensate by giving the ladies free chips and drip to go. I had the lunch chicken chimichunga, which made me mad because I ate it too fast and wanted another one. I advise you to get this dish!  I think it may be better than Azteca.  Matter of fact, I challenge somebody to go to both Plaza Azteca and El Taco Loco (both on Laskin Road) and let me know what you think.y
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,5/17/2012,117,20,,3,1>Love love love this neighborhood gem!  The pizza is SOOOOOOO good, and the pasta dishes are as well.  With a new expansion opening up (can we say BAR, and POOl and FUN) I plan to hang there a lot more often.  My kids love the place for it's friendly service and delicious food.  Try the garlic knots!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,5/16/2012,121,78,2,5,4>Excellent food. The decor is very modern and chic.  I started with a lime mojito that was very tasty and fresh and followed it with a mango mojito that was equally as sweet. Would HIGHLY recommend the Tamales Luna Maya, a delicious house specialty with shredded  beef and a SWEET corn with a hint of cinnamon and spices. AMAZING.I went there on a Saturday and the place was packed, but it's well worth it.CON: The service was a bit confused on my bill and charged me for THE ENTIRE table. Ummm...you didn't even ask if the check was together or separate? it lost a star because of that, but they were cool about it.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,5/15/2012,6,16,,2,2>Taste is a local treasure and a gourmet's paradise. It is a market-deli with sophisticated offerings and a casual atmosphere. Take-out, eat-in, and food and drink for entertaining.Since they've moved into the old Bazemores' market on Hampton Boulevard (from the Ghent location), they've expanded their menu, grocery selections, deli offerings, and so much more. They've also included enough tables to accommodate the large number of patrons who want to dine in.The food is delicious and the menu selections are original and tailored to the local vibe. Each of the menu items are named for local neighborhoods and well-known areas. They offer fairly regular wine-tastings, feature local artists' work, and include various local goods in their shop (beer, meat, gelato, pastries and cakes, etc.). The House dressing is one of Taste's original masterpieces and a required substitute for mustard or mayo on your first visit. The "Pair Two" option is a great way to sample a couple items and narrow down a daunting menu on your first visit, as well. Everything here is pricey, and you can expect to wait a bit for your lunch to be prepared, but you're paying for something special.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,5/14/2012,1,3,,2,1>The only thing close to a NY Deli in Hampton Roads. Totally tucked away in a strip mall of all places you are transformed when you walk in the fron door. Matzo Ball soup was just average but everything else is fantastic. Super tongue, pastrami, reubens, knishes, etc. My kiddos love it, one can get breakfast, the other chicken fingers. It is expensive but everything on the menu will feed at least 2 people. The lean pastrami is worth the extra $1 if you don't like fatty meats. LEGIT!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,5/13/2012,16,38,,1,2>We go to Tommy's at least twice a week!  You get a lot of food, which is fresh, and cheap!  They have so many choices for breakfast and lunch.  My only two gripes are that they are ALWAYS busy, and that they are not open for dinner!  My favorite local spot......pretty much as good as it gets in Hampton because there are next to no local, non-chain restaurant available here.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,5/12/2012,6,7,8,10,7>For years, ( YEARS! ), I've been complaining to my wife that we hadn't found a truly good coffee shop in Hampton Roads. Though I happen to be the true coffee lover in our marriage, I mostly just complained about the lack of good coffee shops, whereas Emily, in typical fashion, actually decided to do something about it and found out about Cafe Stella, so we decided to come check it out on a Saturday, and it did not disappoint. I have a "mild" caffeine addiction and a strong appreciation for a good cuppa joe. I drink strong black coffee, drip and/or Americano, about 24-32 oz/day, with maybe a touch of sugar and NO milk or cream or other bull-crap, and I drink it for the caffeine, the aroma and the taste. As an experimental nuclear physicist, my work requires 100% mental exertion 99% of the time and occasional night shifts, so at any given instant, my blood coffee content is well over the legal limit, if there were such a thing. It is in this context that you should interpret my review of Cafe Stella. On my first visit to Cafe Stella with my wife and her mother, I decided to go with a standard cup of drip coffee, because a) that is what I always drink and b) if a coffee joint can't be bothered to make a good standard drip cup, why should I take anything else that they do seriously? Well, of all the coffees to which my life's trajectory has led in the past 10 years or so, I distinctly remember approximately 3-4 places; Bosworth's in building 7 on the campus of MIT, Four Beans in Batavia, IL, a joint whose name I can't remember in Salt Lake City, and almost every cup of coffee I had in Seattle. I can now unequivocally state that Cafe Stella will be among the handful of great coffee experiences that I remember 10 years from now. I will not attempt to describe in words the quality of the roast and the brew of the cup(s) of coffee I had on my first of many visits to Cafe Stella. I will simply let our collective reaction to the quality of this coffee do the talking:1) We immediately decided to buy two cans of whole beans; the owner was highly enthusiastic about his offerings and allowed us to "smell test" each roast; all were excellent. 2) Cafe Stella's beans immediately replaced what we were drinking at home.3) We immediately bought a Krups burr grinder and started storing the whole beans in sealed airtight containers in the dark, grinding exactly enough for each pot we brewed just before brewing. 4) Emily, who was not a regular coffee drinker before, now looks forward to the freshly-ground, freshly-brewed coffee from Cafe Stella every morning, elevating her love of coffee to almost the same level as mine. Finally, I must note that the solitary one-star review below actually reflects positively on Cafe Stella, because it shows that Cafe Stella doesn't feel the need to pander to the lowest common denominator of customer that treats the coffee shop as low-rent office space by spending only a few bucks or worse while occupying the space all day. Moreover, Emily has gone back several times to buy more beans and try more drinks (and food) has been nothing but thrilled by the level of attention and service and macaroons she received. So in summary, you should respect my coffee authori-tah, because I have a Ph.D. from MIT, and Cafe Stella serves by far the best coffee I've ever found in Hampton Roads, and probably the best coffee you've ever had. Therefore, if you know what good coffee tastes like or would like to learn, you should go here. Emily also wants you to know that they have a good selection of organic loose leaf teas (if that is your thing).
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,5/11/2012,88,68,,4,4>You would never know it from the outside, but Il Giardino Ristorante on the Oceanfront in Virginia Beach is quite the restaurant on the inside. This restaurant has been around for decades and with good reason. The decor when you enter the restaurant is nice with a real nod to nature with live plants a tree and ambient lighting strung up throughout. They also have a center area in the dining room with a slicer dedicated to cutting fresh prosciutto di Parma for one of their appetizers. The bar area features tvs and a piano bar. I've been here twice and can say the food is well prepared. The first time I got a 3 course meal for $20 which consisted of calamari for an appetizer, Chicken Sorrentino for a main course, and their Napoleon for dessert. All 3 were great. The attention to detail could be seen from the first plate when they served the calamari with a lemon wrapped in cheesecloth to prevent seeds from falling on the plate. The Chicken Sorrentino was a nice sized portion which was a pleasant surprise being that when there's usually a deal like this some restaurants skimp on the size. None of that here!  The finale was a Napoleon which was layers of whipped cream between sheets of puff pastry. The pastry was light as a pillow while the cream was nice, dense and not overly sweet.  There are plenty of Italian restaurants in the area and this one does have dishes that are pricey which reflect the quality of ingredients they use. If you're looking for a place to take a date out to or just wanna have a nice family outing this is a good place to head to.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,5/10/2012,93,48,,4,1>At first I was unsure if my boyfriend had lost his mind when he took me to this restaurant, but it was the perfect choice for two! The welcome we received when we first walked in was very welcoming, which continued through out the night. The Pasta Bowl is a genuine mom and pop place. The owners make the food from scratch, which make the food like no other Italian place in town! When we sat down the waitress brought us fresh bread. It was sooooo good. I am an avid bread lover and I would give their bread a 10 out of 10!  I had the shrimp fettuccine alfredo dish for my entree, which was gone in seconds! The desert was to die for. We had their home made chocolate cheese cake. The flavors just melted in your mouth. My boyfriend and I left the restaurant completely satisfied! The restaurant is spacious and would not mind if you brought the entire family!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,5/9/2012,29,248,,7,6>Love this gym!Granted the gym can get super busy right after work hours- but i dont think thats unique to this gym.. so i cant really take off stars for that. + Smoothie bar+ 2 floors + climbing wall+ sauna in women's locker room ( not sure about the mens room)+towels to wipe off your sweat+ paper towels and disinfectant for the machines at convenient locations+ 7  or 6 tv screens. Usually+ playing a variety of fox, cnn , espn and usa.+ Pop music in the background... mostly upbeat- kesha, rhianna, maroon 5 radio stuff+ daycare+ Cardio cinema! ( movie schedule posted online & in gym)+basketball and raquetball courtsI purchased a student monthly membership which was 55$ and it really was well spent.  You get a tshirt & a cool water bottle if u sign someone up :)Gym staff is pretty nice. Only 2 things i don't like:1- their hours. 11pm is not late enough for me.2- They start turning the lights off 10 minutes before the gym officially closes. So, its 10:50pm and they have shut down the tvs, turned down the lights in an effort to kick people out... NOT COOL ONELIFE. Seriously, 10 minutes is important when ur working out!Im not the type to comment about the paint/colors of the walls/light etc. I guess its just not something i pay attention to.? I just go in there, listen to my music, watch espn/usa or something on my tablet while i bust my balls. I have never waited for a machine- ever!  They have tons of cardio stuff on the main floor, additional amounts of treadmills, ellipticals and bikes on the top floor which also houses cardio cinema & strength training.I definitely recommend this place! PLUS it helps that onelife has branches in multiple areas of VA- so u never have an excuse not to work out :)
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,5/8/2012,10,5,2,2,2>Orange crushes are off the chain! Sunday brunches are legit and there are tons of different dishes to choose from. The crab and shrimp omelet is different but yummy! The sticky buns are always good and fresh, you get one with every meal during brunch. Dinner time is usually packed, but the atmosphere is great! Friday nights 5$ crushes until 9! Don't mind if I do! Waterman's is overall a great place for dinner and a few drinks! Nice view of the oceanfront to add to it!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,5/7/2012,533,177,,3,3>I stopped in recently to Big Woodie's at Chesapeake Square Mall with my wife and found the place to be cool with decor and great waitresses and the food smelled great.  I liked the outdoor part with Corn Hole games and big screen TV and smoking section.  I am looking forward to try the food soon. (I had just eaten dinner elswhere on last visit).Looks like a lively and fun spot and will visit again soon.  (a few pics I took are posted here).  While I was there a band was setting up - looking forward to hear live music and do some dancing here.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,5/6/2012,30,51,,4,2>This was my first time going there.  My husband and I went there on a whim after finishing an errand at the FedEx in the same plaza.  There are two doors to go thru upon entering. It's pretty cramped going through for such a small place.  We were greeted upon entering and showed to our seat.  The waitress was sweet and attentive.  She took our orders promptly and gave us warm hand towels before our orders came.  She even asked us how we wanted to split the bill. (My husband and I, along with another guy friend.)  The restaurant itself was alright, it had nice and decent décors.  We were even offered free samples of little sushi rolls while we waited. (Sweet potato sushi rolls? I don't eat sushi, but I did like it.)  During the meal, she consistently asked how we enjoyed our meal and was great with not letting our drinks go empty.  I had coupons for the restaurant that I found in my mail inserts and had them on the table.  She noticed and was more than happy to apply the discounts we had.  I had three coupons offering 10% off the bill (2xs) and $5.00 off the bill if it's $30.00 or more (1x).  Since we split the bill, she allowed our friend to use the 10% off coupon for his meal and allowed us to use a coupon for our meal. (I did the math before hand and planned on using the $5.00 off since it would be a bigger discount, she suggested the same thing.) All in all, I did like the place, I thought it was a little pricey...but her hospitality and the coupons made up for it. :)
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,5/5/2012,81,321,1,4,2>So, there I was...driving home from work in the HOV lane, and I see it coming.... a big piece of something bouncing off the road and aiming for my car.  I can't swerve due to congested traffic, and then BAM - right in the windshield - a nice star.  Crap.My USAA app fortunately has a dedicated number for auto glass repair that goes straight to Safelite.  Unfortunately, they were already closed for the day (5 PM) and by 9pm, the star turned into a 5-6 inch crack.  Any bigger would require the windshield to be replaced, but thankfully, my insurance covers a repair 100%.Took the car into the nearest Safelite - receptionist was amiable and the technician had a good attitude.  Dropped the car off, walked to the nearby Starbucks, and they gave me a call as soon as it was done.  There is a small lobby with a row of seats along the windows, but the TV was playing "Let's Make A Deal" and I couldn't help thinking that the audience belonged in the Capital District of "The Hunger Games."  Annoying.  This location does advertise wi-fi, but I didn't use it.** Of worthy note - the business is actually in a suite located off of Stephanie Way, not Crossways Blvd.  For GPS directions, use 1430 Stephanie Way.Service was prompt and professional.  If the crack gets any bigger there is a lifetime guarantee of the repair, which will be refunded to my insurance should I need to replace it.  For now, I can live with the slight crack...
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,5/4/2012,111,44,,4,1>I was at an event where Terebinth had featured their French Macarons.  The taste was so heavenly that I stashed a few in my coat pocket.  Someone saw me and said HEYY, you must like those Macarons, I was caught red handed!!.. I said I'm sorry, and he goes NO NO, I want you to meet the owner/chef, so then I was more embarrassed. But really excited.  She invited me over to try more of their specialties.  A few days later I head over there.  I was really amazed by everything.  As soon as you walk in, it transports you into a nice euro feel cafe that open and has warmth.  The decor is great, the place is spacious and the design is creatively done.  The staff are really friendly and very attentive.  I ordered the lunch special which came with a half sandwich and salad, and it was delicious, something I probably could not make.  Then I ordered the Red Velvet Cake for dessert and it just melted in my mouth, its so far one my favorite Red Velvet Cake.they have free Wifi, and their not pushy, you can stay for the afternoon and do some work on your laptop, it's has a nice lounge feel, that Starbucks has lost.  5 Stars!!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,5/3/2012,28,14,,5,3>I stopped her on the way back from Virginia Beach recently and I was so impressed. I loved the atmosphere, it's kind of a hole-in-the-wall dive bar feel but clean and pleasant. I ordered the crab dinner. You can get more than one or a single cake and I got a single because I'm trying to watch my weight. I have to say part of what appealed to me was the portion size and the health factor of what they serve. My crab cake was delicious. I'm a crab cake fanatic and it was one of the best I have had. It came with a serving of brown rice with black beans over it. Um... YUM! Healthy and tasty? How dare you! It also came with sauteed seasonal veggies (summer squash). I also had the dessert that was not on the menu (I guess it changes?) It was homemade Boston Cream Pie and it was amazing.  I didn't indulge in any drinks, but there is a full bar and what looks like good house drinks. If you are ever in the area I recommend giving them a try. My portion was a half portion and it was just enough to satisfy me and not have to drag a box home, and plenty of room for dessert!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,5/2/2012,47,141,,4,1>This is my favorite park to take my son.  It is absolutely beautiful.  It's right on the river with a great view of the area.  The park is very clean, very well-maintained.  It has tennis  courts, boat ramps, and a golf course, as well as two different playgrounds - one for younger kids and one for older kids.  There is also a little historic train station within the park.  Very cute, we go here often.We always go early in the morning - 8 or 9am on the weekends, and it isn't crowded at all!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,5/1/2012,280,260,1,3,1>The mansion is at the top if you are looking for fun nightlife. They have something for everyone and the whole feel of the mansion is very swanky. But you can't just roll in from a day at the beach, you gotta 90210 it.... The design is awesome with a big screen in every club area. This place would be perfect for a private party or even the next Oscar party.....hmmmmmm ;)
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,4/28/2012,34,76,2,2,2>There is nothing Mike cannot do with wood (haha, yes, totally).  Please see the photos I have added of the trim work he did in our house with both a 4-piece crown molding design and a 2-piece design.  You pay for what you get with Mike, solid carpentry work and beautiful results.  We will have him build a wall of shelves and cabinets for us as well as build our hardwood floor in our living room because his work on our crown molding was so flawless.  He does stain-grade work as well, I just prefer white in our beach house.  He is timely, professional and the best this area has to offer.  Our house will be the Coastal Living home of the year by the time Mike is done working in it!  He charges so fairly for his work that I feel like I'm being entirely too generous in sharing this info.  Trust me, you're going to want him to do every room in your house (hey-O)!  Oh, and for those  snickering about the innuendos  (am I alone?)...he is VERY good looking!  Now, if you see me out on the town, a glass of cab will be thanks enough for sharing this best kept secret ;-)
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,4/27/2012,77,149,,2,1>My husband practically lives here.  If you want a movie, they're got it.  If you can describe a movie, they know.  The staff expertise is very impressive and although I get anxiety walking in the place (I'm not a movie buff and half the time, I'm just following my husband's lead) it has the old school feel that I wish was more prominent nowadays.If you buy a pre-pay card, you do save money in the long run and they always run offers during the holidays like buy 1 prepay card get one 1/2 price or free...I can't remember.Monday-Thursdays they also have rent 2 get 1 (non new release) free so definitely take advantage of that!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,4/26/2012,220,185,,5,3>After reading all the glowing reviews, we popped in here on V-day thinking it shouldn't be as packed as other establishments for our wonderful Hallmark Holiday.  Boy were we wrong, apparently one needs reservations at this neighborhood pizza/Italian joint!  They were super apologetic, which made us definitely want to check them out at some point.So we did.  Like other Yelpers have said, we received the yummy free garlic knots.  They were so light, tender, and a little crispy...very good.  Other tables were getting the garlic knots AND bruschetta, compliments of the owner.  Unfortunately, we weren't one of them....but I ain't complaining about free garlic knots.  Our server was very nice (Melanie or Melissa...couldn't read her handwriting).  We were about to order 2 14-inch pizzas but she suggested saving some $$ and order an 18-in and going half & half on the toppings.  Great suggestion because it was huge and filling!  We ordered a half Bacon Delight & half Vegetarian!  Both were excellent.  Super fresh ingredients were used.  The Bacon Delight was so yum.  The standout had to be the Vegetarian!  It was packed full of flavor and fresh produce.  No canned anything on it.  We ordered a slice of the creme brûlée cheesecake to celebrate our daughter's recent accomplishment at school.  It was more of a amaretto cheesecake if anything, but very good (and fresh).The owner was making multiple rounds to tables and greeting regulars and newcomers alike.  I saw him ordering the staff to bring out dessert and limoncello for new & old customers alike.  Again, we didn't get the same treatment, but it was nice to see others were getting it.  Only other negative was the quasi-harsh way he spoke to his staff.  Our server did give us dessert on the house after she heard we were celebrating our daughter's achievement in school.I did see a lot of customers ordering non-pizza dishes and may summon up the courage to do so in the future.  The pizza was good (note: it's def NOT NY-style pizza but it is good pizza) and with most ethnic cuisines down here, I'm just worried how dumbed-down the dishes may be.  Still, I'd be willing to give it a try...just with the yummy pizza memories fresh in my mind, it'd be hard to venture out.  ;o)
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,4/25/2012,59,45,,3,1>I've been going to Massage Envy for several months. The individual rooms always clean, tranquil, serene, private and the massage tables are heated. April is an awesome massage therapist. She always asks which areas have been bothering me. She focuses on my problem areas and kneads away the knots. She has shown me stretches to do while working, and to pay attention to my posture. The membership price is reasonable especially since I need a massage every month.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,4/24/2012,33,30,2,6,3>This is one of the best hidden bars in VA Beach. If you like to play pool or sling some darts this is the place to do it. They have karaoke on Saturday nights. It's a great little locals bar with a friendly atmosphere. The food there is cheap and really good. I addicted to their chicken tenders and fries. There's awlays a party going here! Like to watch sports?? Then here is your place. They have 6 tvs to watch whatever sporting event you want.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,4/23/2012,144,389,,6,3>This was our first visit to Cozzy's Comedy Club. We attended both the early, and late show that Rich Vos put on, on Saturday, the 22nd of October.I had gone to the club about a week prior to order tickets, and I had my first look around. It's a small club, seating about 140 people. It is tightly laid out, giving the comedians an closeness to the audience that you do not see in larger clubs. We arrived, early on show night, and were given a table at the back side of the main seating area. I chose this seat, as having had seen Rich Vos on several occasions, I was well aware that he worked the audience during his show.We ordered off of the menu, prior to the show. The XYL ordered Fish and Chips and I ordered the Nachos platter (having read of it in a previous review of the club).The wife's order was good, though the fish was on the small side. It was cooked thoroughly, and her food was hot to order. My nacho platter was huge. Piled with grated cheese (and I believe nacho cheese sauce was poured into the middle as well). Peppers, chili, sour cream, lettuce and tomatos. I was not able to eat the entire order, even with having an hour to do so. We both ordered tea, sweetened. It was strong, and refreshing.Show time. The first show was sold out. Not a seat to be had. Two local warm up acts had appeared. Both put on good sets, though the middle act, had the line of the night, with his reasoning for being fat. (Paraphrased)" I am fat. I was fat as a kid. My mother's uterus smelled like cake". Rich Vos took the stage next, and for about one hour and 15 minutes he moved back and forth from bits to crowd work. We stayed at the club, and talked with Vos, waiting for the second show.Alas, the second show was poorly attended. We went from about 140 attendee's to about 18. Though Vos made some comments about canceling the second show, he went on, and killed instead. He spent the show, brutally working the crowd. And, instead of going through the motions, or cutting the show time short, he worked the crowd for, again, over an hour and fifteen minutes. He is a true professional.Knowing better, our foursome (myself, the XYL, @CardinalMcGee, @lillivonschtupp) stayed in the back, and tried to keep our of the line of fire. Except for the Vegan budday (@lillivonschtupp). Who repeatedly tried to draw his attention to us (and getting a SHAAAAAAAAADDDDDD YUP from Vos), with her withering commentary.As we were Opie and Anthony Show fans, our table kept getting the show references that Vos kept throwing in, which seemed to fly over the heads of others. We howled with laughter.Despite a poorly attended second show, @RichVos put on a better second show, working the crowd, that kept feeding him with one lines, and commentary, that he took and ran with.Our first trip to Cozzy's Comedy Club. Decent food. Attentive servers. A friendly and concerned staff. Thoroughly enjoyable. Hopefully Rich Vos will return to the club in a couple of months. He is a hard working Comedian, who does not disappoint. And, had he walked down to Shawl's, he could have sold his dryer door...I am giving a 4 for the club and atmosphere. 5 for @Richvos and his performance. 3/4 for our food, with a 4 star over all rating. Highly recommended.@Removeyourhat
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,4/22/2012,61,127,,6,2>I've been to Todd Jurich's several times since I wrote my initial review. Because they're brand new, they're still trying to perfect things & find what makes their customers happy. They got negative feedback about their burgers being expensive & served solo; so they've started adding a pickle & chips to their burger orders. Our server on Sat night (who was excellent) told us that they write their menus daily, so things constantly change as needed. It's nice to know that they're listening to customer suggestions. Also, they now have a separate daily specials menu. That's definitely the way to go! We had the beef carnitas on Sat night for an app & they were delicious! My husband had a bison burger (that was a special as well) & he said it was definitely the best burger he's ever had. Lastly, one of the bartenders told us that people sometimes complain about the service being slow, but people don't understand that there is an employee literally in the back grinding up fresh meat for every burger that is ordered... it's not fast food. I've been guilty of complaining about the wait time too, so that was a reality check! I'm still a fan!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,4/21/2012,31,234,,2,3>Thanks to Yelp, I am about to become a regular here. We had a blast at the recent launch party for Yelp in the 757, hosted by Xerxes. And we spent the entire time noshing on some really tastey tapas. The drink selection here is long including many a craft beer. The service was on point and the atmosphere was just right.I will update this review the next time I go and give a more detailed account. This time around I was too busy hoarding swag and meeting some great people to give the locale my full attention.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,4/20/2012,46,196,,5,1>This place is a local hang-out that I'm not sure I want to share.  We recently moved to VA Beach and have been restaurant hopping.  Our banker told us about this place.    When we walked in we found a very rustic area with wooden tables and chairs.  It felt like all eyes were on us.  This is indeed a local hidden gem.If you want beef this is your place.  YUMMY at a great price.  He had a strip steak and I had a filet.  Both were cooked perfectly.  The baked potatoes were perfect too.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,4/19/2012,27,56,,5,1>Probably my favorite restaurant in Virginia beach. I always make sure to bring out of towners here to enjoy some great quality food that they otherwise wouldn't be exposed to. Their daily special menu is always unique and I have always been pleased from choosing from that menu. I have had issues with service in the past but as of late everything has been Johnny on the spot. It's a little hard to find this place if you don't know what you're looking for but trust your GPS when it brings you to a divey little strip mall with a church out front......you're there!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,4/18/2012,39,40,,3,1>Visited for lunch, having taken a few months off the dining-in experience at Pasha. The new Quinoa cake was outstanding - I had the lunch combo, with their always-wonderful red lentil soup. It was perfect, and I don't say that lightly.Bonus is the wrap includes a little of their really wonderful kale salad, rolled into the sandwich. Left me wanting more kale...So why not 5 stars?- it's always a little loud, even at lunch- some of the lunch menu items are a bit over-priced, even for fresh & organic, like the "Pick 5 sampler" I sure wish it was just a few $ less. - it's been a while since I went for dinner, but for some reason lunch has always been consistently delicious, and dinner a disappointment. Maybe I need to try dinner again when it's warm enough to enjoy the patio...
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,4/17/2012,200,13,15,5,4>Stuff White People Like #11 - Asian Girls!  And if you want to scoop one of the Filipino variety, you're going to have to master the Turo-Turo (point - point) spots.In comes FeLynn's...  For my money, this is the best Filipino spot in VB.  My go to is the curry chicken and for another $1 (you read that right) you can add another entree.  I usually go with Adobo or Machado and if that isn't there, you can add 3 or 4 Lumpia. (make sure to ask for the chili sauce)Get it to go, you get more.  Tell them you want sabaw (gravy) on your rice, act as if you enjoy the Filipino Channel while you eat and prepare to get your curls on.  The food you just purchased for $6 can double as a dumbbell.  It is easily POUNDS of food.If you want to fit in further, use a spoon and fork while eating.  You heard it here first.A special thanks to the best site of all time -stuffwhitepeoplelike.com
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,4/16/2012,23,17,2,6,3>My wife and I went to Aw Shucks last night for a dinner date. I was very surprised to find that the wait for an inside table was 25 minutes on a Thursday night. Thursday night? Who knew? Well, apparently everyone (including the mayor, I saw him walk out while we were eating). While we were waiting for a table outside to be cleaned one of the bistro tables in the waiting area lounge came open so I asked for that and the hostess said no problem. I already knew I was going to get the po boy sandwich before I got there, the only question was if it were to be oyster or shrimp. I like shrimp much better than oysters, but oysters are the specialty at this place so I was conflicted. Deeply conflicted, a true seafood crisis. The waitress solved my culinary dilemma by saying if I got the full instead of the half sandwich they could put oysters on one part and shrimp on the other. Brilliant! I requested extra remoulade to dip the fries in at the recommendation of another Yelper (thanks james b from VB!). Even though they were very busy the food came really fast. When our plates arrived I thought I would be bringing some of it home because there was so much food. First of all let me say that these were the best fried oysters I'd ever had, very large and breading was crispy but not too heavy. This sandwich was stuffed with enough seafood for two sandwiches! The tomato, lettuce, and coleslaw were all very fresh. And the remoulade was on the side. At first I had to clear some fries and oysters out of the way, so I dipped them in remoulade which was very good and spicy. There are seriously more oysters than you can possibly handle in the sandwich with all the other toppings, but I gave it a go anyway. I slowed down a bit when I ran out of sweet tea (I wasn't upset, our waitress looked to be handling about half the restaurant and she was amazing!), but just grabbed a sip of my wife's water and kept mowing through that hoagie of seafood and dripping (Louisiana style, of course) remoulade goodness. I started with the oyster side, and then proceeded to the shrimp side. I have to say that the oyster wins hands down. So next time I can just get the half oyster po boy. To compare, I had the shrimp po boy at Surfrider in Greenbrier not long ago. Those shrimp looked like they were the frozen variety that you heat up in the toaster oven. And the oysters, wow so awesome!My wife had the crabcake sandwich, after verifying that it came with fries. Yes, the fries are that good! Anyway, the crabcake was at least an inch thick, breaded and deep fried and very good. Or so she says, because I didn't get any of it! That's ok, I was too busy with my own sandwich to even think about it. And I will say that normally I don't get oysters, fried or otherwise and partly because they really don't look appetizing to me. But I will at this place! As a matter of fact I might not be able to have a po boy anywhere else.  Seriously! Aw Shucks, I think I love ya!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,4/15/2012,7,17,,2,2>God, I cannot get ENOUGH of this restaurant!  I would eat here every night if I could afford it.  Returned for the third time this weekend, and they had updated their menu (something they apparently do every quarter/season)....wow, just wow.  We went with some friends, and between the four of us, I do believe we tried over 50% of the menu - there wasn't a thing we ate that was bad.  Some things you would never have thought to put together...pears, proscuitto, lavender, honey, and goat cheese?  Excellent!  Beef filet braised in maple and bourbon?  Divine!  Crawfish hushpuppies, scallops (which I'm told were the best ever - me being a non-scallop fan, I tasted them, but didn't loooove it), spicy spinach & artichoke dip, crabmeat on  mac & cheese, potstickers, salmon dip, rutabegas & butternut squash, and apple turnovers for dessert.  It was so perfect, so tasty.  Service was fast and attentive (though we were early, so there wasn't a big crowd - I definately recommend going earlier, say 6pm), the drinks were well-made and strong, and the entire night was wonderful.  Definately a night to remember!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,4/14/2012,22,80,,2,1>My office took me here for a luncheon on my last day. It was so good. I got the grilled cheese with fries. Definitely the best grilled cheese I've ever had! Fries were good, but I'd like to try the sweet potato fries next time.The service was slow, but it was okay because the whole office was there. Definitely could not go here for lunch on a normal work day. The waiter was kind of weird, I think he may have thought I was a child or something, based on the way he spoke to me compared to the other guests in my party. He took my order last and my food didn't come out for about 5 minutes after everyone else's came. I thought that was odd, especially since I was the "guest of honor." The food made up for that though.Also, the water glasses were really, really small.  They keep the water bottles on the table so you can refill when you like, but the glass was seriously a one sip and done so I was continuously refilling my glass. If my husband and I go someday I can forsee that being a problem because we both drink a ton of water. Besides those few things, I had a great time and loved the food. I'd like to try everything on the menu, but I don't know if anything could possibly get better than that grilled cheese sandwich.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,4/13/2012,3,57,,3,1>Can't say enough about the knowledge of staff members here and their helpful nature. They will take the time to find you the proper shoes or equipment and talk you through some fundamentals. They'll watch you run and let you jog in each pair you try on. I haven't shopped anywhere else for running shoes in five years. The selection of other items is great as well. And the prices are fair.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,4/12/2012,137,66,,4,1>Finally! Hampton Roads gets a perfect lunch place that's healthy, fresh-fare, and uses fresh and local ingredients. It's places like the Cutting Edge that show people that healthy and yummy can fit in the same sentence. I had their Wasabi braised beef panini and it was like an explosion of taste in my mouth. Wonderful. The portions are the perfect size for making you feel just right and not overly stuffed when you leave. Actually, I could have saved half of my sandwich for later but it was so good that I did not want the experience to end. The sandwiches come with a side and I ordered the curried cous cous; which was alright but I think Ill try a different side next time. The only negative I have to say is that I wish it was in Virginia Beach! However, it's good enough that I will make the hike back again.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,4/11/2012,22,14,,4,2>Love this place!  I was so happy to stumble upon the farmers market and this little ice cream joint!  The best thing about it is that it's an independently owned shop.  All the ice cream is made in the store, and the owner is more than proud to tell you about all of her flavors. Ice cream is usually made with milk with 20%+ fat.  They get their milk from a dairy in Pennsylvania and it contains 11% fat so it's a bit lighter then the ice cream you're used to.I had the Mexican Coffee ice cream and I must say I've never tasted anything quite like it before.  Yes, the prices may be slightly more than you're used to, but you're paying for the piece of mind that comes with supporting a local business and all-natural ingredients combined with a passion for ice cream!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,4/10/2012,29,127,1,5,2>I love Chrysler Hall. I've seen countless shows/concerts here in addition to actually performing here myself several times. Although it looks a bit run down on the outside, this place is a wonderful venue. Really no matter where you are seated, you can see the entire stage - maybe not as up close and personal as you may hope to, but you'll definitely be able to scan the entire stage. I will say that the seat slopes could be adjusted which would alleviate that ever constant struggle to lean over to the side when that big-haired woman sits in front of you! As far as size, I find it to be rather large. I've been in much smaller theaters and this one in comparison is huge! Updates or a remodel would be awesome, but I think that this place definitely has charm.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,4/9/2012,22,71,,3,2>This place is LEGIT, peeps. Best sushi in the Norfolk/Ghent area in my opinion. I haven't had anything here that wasn't fresh and delicious. My favorite item here is the sashimi mix, which should be sufficient for two people to share, provided with an appetizer or two. On top of it, their service staff are very attentive and helpful. They are extremely gracious people who take pride in delivering great sushi.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,4/7/2012,74,230,1,4,3>We are huge pizza fans in our home but for one reason or another had never tried Y Not.  So, we decided to give it a try on a recent Friday night while over in the Greenbrier area.  First off, the place inside was quite nice.  They had a cool little bar area off to the right (that got quite loud as NSU knocked off Mizzou!!) with the dining room to the left and a big dessert case on display as you walk by to get to your table.  I am not sure how anyone resists dessert after seeing the stuff they had, which we will discuss shortly.  When we were seated, we were immediately greeted by our server, Paul.  Paul was a lot of fun and a pretty good server.  Very personable and outgoing.  We enjoyed the service.  We ordered some cheddar bacon fries as an appetizer and they were pretty good.  The fries were crispy and hot.  It was a good start to our meal.  For dinner, my oldest son ordered mac and cheese, the youngest ordered a ham and cheese sandwich, my wife and I split a small half cheese/half pepperoni pizza, and I got a slice of sicilian with meatball, as well.  The mac and cheese and sub were both well received.  No complaints from the kids.  My wife and I were split on the pizza we, well, split.  The wife thought the pizza was only OK, though she thought the crust was very good and done perfectly.  I thought the pizza was good.  It wasn't the best pizza we've had but it was light, thin, and cooked just right.  I enjoyed it.  The Sicilian slice was really good.  Really really good.  I had been on a search for good Sicilian and for me, this qualified.  Not too much sauce, lots of cheese, and thick and crispy crust.  The meatballs on the pizza were outstanding.  I only ate a few bites of the Sicilian and am actually looking forward to heating it up in a bit for dinner tonight!  Dessert was a strange adventure.  The boys had black and white cookies.  I can honestly say that I had, to this point, never had a black and white cookie.  So, I had no idea what to expect.  It was actually more like a thin cake covered in half chocolate and half vanilla (I guess) frosting.  The boys liked the white side, I preferred the black side.  I would go back for one again.  My wife ordered a brownie that turned out to be the biggest disappointment of the night.  It was bad.  I am not sure how one makes a bad brownie but none of the four of us liked it.  It's sitting on my kitchen counter as I type this.  We were hoping maybe time would help the poor thing.  But, probably not.  Overall, it was a good experience and I can definitely see us returning here again.  The food was good and there is enough variety on the menu to try some other things......just not that darn brownie!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,4/6/2012,263,519,4,8,9>Outstanding. I joined a couple of Yelpers for dinner last Thursday evening and wow did this place deliver. As I understand it this is a fairly new restaurant, and this was my first visit as well. The establishment is divided into two separate rooms, the main dining room, and then the bar side. The dining room includes booths and tables, the bar has well, the bar, and tables as well. There's also two pool tables. A door closes between the two as smoking is allowed on the bar side. We stayed in the bar. For starters we all shared the Boom Boom Shrimp. These were nice medium sized fried shrimp covered in a spicy yet not to hot sauce. The had a great after taste. Try them. My entree was 'The 50/50' burger. What's a 50/50 burger you ask? It's 50% beef and 50% bacon with cheddar cheese melted over it. Go ahead and pause... Yes I know... deep breath... steady yourself... ok back to the review... The burger was frickin sacrilicious. It's served on a pretzel bun and comes with the standard garnishments. FYI it's only prepared 2 ways. Medium Well or Well Done. Our server Britney was excellent and checked back on us regularly, keeping the drinks full and making sure our meal was ok. I found the entire staff very personable. With Woody's being so close to work I can see myself becoming a regular. Give them a try, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,4/5/2012,104,345,,3,2>Excellent sushi.  This used to be our usual spot when we had the raw fish craving but for a while there things just seemed to be going down hill.  We went back last night and they have a revamped menu with a bunch of new items, to include a new sake menu.  However, no cocktails.  Just beer and wine.My wife loved her ocean roll.  Between the razor thin slice of lemon and the dollop of sriracha, you didn't need any soy or wasabi.  Plenty of flavor in between those chopsticks.Nigiri pieces easily passed the drape test and the fish was cold and fresh.  Loved it.Don't forget to ask for their 10% military discount if you are a service member.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,3/31/2012,84,331,3,3,4>My new favorite sports bar in Hampton Roads!  I went here on a Friday night to watch the NCAA tournament.  Here's why I like this place:1.  Nice and efficient bartenders.  Mine was constantly filling up my Diet Coke and got the channel changed to my game is less than 5 minutes.  When I asked for the bill, she got it pronto.  Plus, all the bartenders looked somewhat happy.2.  Good set-up.  Plenty of TVs and a long bar, so that I could pretty much sit anywhere to watch whatever game I felt like.   3.  Cuter interior.  I like red and this place had lots of it.4.  Nice crowd.  Surprisingly big place, so it never felt crowded.  There seemed to be a lot of solo people and the three that I chatted with were pleasant.  I wouldn't feel awkward and self-conscious going here alone.5.  Food specials.  Buy one get one free wings, $5 burgers (with a side!), $4.99 cheese pizza...good deals all around!6.  Variety of food.  Besides the typical wings, burgers, etc., they have an awesome appetizer menu!  Two words:  fried ravioli!   7.  Food served until 12:30.The food isn't amazing, but decent for a sports bar- I've had a lot worse.  I'm not a fan of the packets of ketchup and plastic plates though...this ain't McDonald's!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,3/30/2012,122,469,,7,2>What I like about Nana, compared to other sushi restaurants in the area (YoYo and Koi) is the atmosphere and quality of their food. YoYo's service sucks and Koi is very basic, nothing original or creative on their menu.  Is Nana a bit more expensive? Sure, but they're the only local sushi restaurant with a happy hour that has $5 apps and even cheaper beer and sake. No other sushi restaurants in the area offer specials, which I think is crazy, so you end up spending about the same for better quality. Nana's owners are great, very hospitable and friendly, and the service is always top-notched. They also have a great wine list for a japanese restaurant. Try the tuna pizza for an app and the sparking fuji apple sake!
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,3/29/2012,121,170,3,10,6>Uncle's Farm is the newest addition to the Newport News Korean Grocery scene.  Warwick Blvd., in particular, has been the home to a number of them - past, present, and probably future, as well.  It was an impromptu visit that worked out all the same.The strip mall is new as is Uncle's Farm.  As I drove by, the name caught my eye.  Initially, I wondered if it was a farmer's market of some kind, but after further review, there was no mistaking that it was a Korean grocery store - there were a number of pictures and Korean characters on the window that immediately give it away.  The door was open just enough to give passers-by a peak inside, as well.The store is new and super clean.  There are the ubiquitous Korean items - rice, kimchi, fresh veggies, and so on.  I was in the market for rice and settled on a Korean Brand, Khee Chun; it was less than $13.00 - a bargain, in my opinion.  Also, purchased a large bottle of Korean Citron Tea.  It looks like marmalade, but a dollop mixed in hot water make a tasty hot drink.  Of course, I plan to make some citron tea, but truth be known, it makes a mean mixed drink as well. For my Japanophiles, it's a Yuzu jam.For all of you who want to venture into Uncle's Farm, info is written mostly in Korean.  I don't read Korean well, but know enough about Korean food and its preparation.  The clerk/owner is very helpful and can help you with any questions you might have. Loved Uncle's Farm and hope to pay them another visit soon.  I only wish they would have set up shop on the Southside.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,3/28/2012,56,238,4,12,5>Four words: Drag Yourself To Brunch. Croc's drag show/brunch is so much fun.I went for a friend's birthday party last weekend and I laughed so hard my face hurt. What can be better than Bloody Mary's and drag queens? The food was slow coming out. They probably need to work on the coordination of having that many people -- it was slam packed -- all ordering at once. But you're having so much fun and drinking, you forget about the food (and that's saying a lot for me b/c it's ALL about the food).I had shrimp and grits. They weren't the best I've ever had, but they were good and filling and there were so many sequins, feather boas and fake boobs flying around....it wasn't about the shrimp and grits.They're doing this I think twice a month now. You HAVE to make reservations. Like I said, slam packed.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,3/27/2012,464,705,3,8,4>It's here......!!! Wow, now I don't have to drive 25 min to the pho in 79 or down to the shady area on Tidewater to get pho. This is located in the same space as Imperio Inca used to be. They are really taking this chain to the next level though. They are clean and very well presented inside. They have a team of waiters who all have uniforms. They have redecorated the inside to give it a stereotypical Asian feel and it works! They have kept the bar and have 2 big screen TVs to, no doubt, capture the younger audience for sports games and such.Since they are the exact same chain as the Pho 79 on Virginia Beach Blvd, their menu is the same. But say goodbye to their paper menus. The new ones here match their decor with a glossy cover and new design. As far as I remember, prices are the same. They have outdoor seating.Parking is going to be more difficult as that shopping area grows. It was already tight with Panera at lunch but now I'm sure it's going to be worse. Parking is either across the street or behind the restaurant in the parking lot.Their hours are great as well. I will post it so you can go there for your late night snack.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,3/26/2012,69,446,6,35,9>Sprinter Bus has saved me! A friend recommended them to me but at the time I was already booked with Coach88 (see review).  So I promised myself next time I would take the Sprinter Bus. I am writing this review from the bus right now because there is FREE WIFI! Also, I have had my own seat on the trip to NY and now on the trip back, which is very nice; I'm quite happy to not be in a friggin packed bus. The driver is friendly and *bonus* has a mic system where he actually announces things like arrival time and rest stop instructions (imagine that). The Bus has been on time and I love their organized system of seating. Free bottle of water with every trip! $40 one way, $70 round trip. It's a few bucks more expensive than the average China Town Bus but it is WELL WORTH IT. Also drop off location is very convenient. Only a few blocks from the 34th street subway and the N,Q,R trains. Double super bonus: Buy 5 rides and the 6th is free! Triple Diple Sunshine Bonus: the bathroom is spotless AND smells nice.
