<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2014,11/26/2014,287,356,3,6,5>I really enjoyed this spot. My friends and I are regular Witches Brew go-ers because we love the selection of crafty and unique teas and a food menu that circle around simple yet locally sourced dishes. The Starving Artist is a mature version of The Witches Brew. It has couches, rock music, but is also well-lit and designed as more of a country-rustic cafe than gothic inspired. Think more Martha Stewart.We came here for a post-dinner catch-up chat and we all ordered coffee or teas. I also ordered a pumpkin mousse, which was really good. It took me awhile to come to that conclusion because it didn't have that overbearing in-your-face pumpkin flavor. But I finished it off feeling refreshed and happy.I tried a slice of my friends garlic with mozzarella bread. I love garlic, a lot, and this bread didn't really have a garlic taste to it. A tad disappointing but the mozzarella was good. Another friend ordered an apple caramel cake crumble. The topping was delicious on it. There are several really wonderful things about this place. One was the live music (the duo performing on our night were really good, they had such an eclectic mix of songs both country and rock and it was really pleasing). The second is the little gallery which showcases a local artist(s). My friends put their names down on the waiting list (which is something like a year). The next great thing is that they have a beer selection, I will have to check it out next time!I'm super excited to return and try more of their main menu dishes. I've already told a few friends who are interested in coming.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,11/25/2014,7,187,5,6,6>A co-worker of mine swore this place was awesome and apparently there's a disagreement between him and another co-worker that this place is not the best. And so, the pro-Cabo Fresh guy recorded my quotes (without my knowledge) in an e-mail to send to the other co-worker, which goes as follows:'Subject: we have a new fanThese are ALL DIRECT QUOTES FROM MIKE about cabo freshes Burritto"Oh my god, this is crazy how good it is""Seriously that was the best burrito I have ever had""Everything is usually just good, that was like fantastic, top notch""9.75 out of 10""Destorys Chipolte""I have had so many Burrittos that one just blew them all away, I am so impressed right now.  I was not expecting that"Susan Quotes"Mike, I have never scene you so happy about food before""He is not going to forgot a place that made him that happy" 'I am indeed a new fan.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,11/24/2014,34,102,4,5,6>Among some of the things that were said over dinner last night between my dining companion and me were, "I don't even want to talk about this food because I don't have the words to talk about it." "How do they do it?!" and "We haven't spoken a word to each other in 10 minutes because this food is too fulfilling on its own."But, alas, not talking about it would be a useless review, so a quick recap. This was my second trip to Salumi and my dining companion's third. Between the two of us we have sampled the Italian board (various meats and cheeses with accoutrements like jam and dried fruit), lamb meatballs, roasted artichokes with caesar sauce, Mexican corn, polenta with truffles, green goddess salad, mini paninis, and panacotta (I'm also sure I'm missing something from the first trip...)EVERYTHING was amazing. There has not been a single forkful of food from Salumi that has not been intensely flavored, perfectly balanced, and simply awesome. In addition, I asked for a spicy wine by the glass and the waitress came back with a very generous pour of something insane. Now I'm wishing I had asked for the label name. I stated last night that I need to be careful how often I visit because it will slowly ruin all other restaurants for me. So, Salumi, you will see me about once a month, because I love you too much to leave you for longer, but too much of a good thing might be bad.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,11/23/2014,78,161,1,4,3>First time here and was pretty pleased. **CASH ONLY**LOCATION: on one 111 near capital one and CVS. You can see the tex mex truck from the road.DECOR: the seating is all outdoors, being that you're ordering your food from a small truck. But it's actually a very cute area. Little picnic tables and benches around.FOOD: ordered the pulled pork taco and fiery steak taco (each $4.75). Small tacos but both had great flavor. There wasnt much to them, seemed like it was just the meat and then lettuce n maybe some avocado pieces, small toppings like that. Which I actually enjoyed because then I don't really feel too guilty after eating a few of them because they're not loaded with sour cream and cheese. The steak taco had a sweet taste to it, like a nice marinade. The pulled pork was also good and very juicy. Meal also came with a side of chips n salsa.SERVICE: people in the truck were friendly. Order only took a few minutes to cook.I will definitely return.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,11/22/2014,20,144,4,6,6>overall 4.5 stars rounded down to 4 (bc it's not quite a 5)Food 4.5 starsAtmosphere/etc: 5 starsService 4.5 starsvalue 4.5 starswill I be back: absolutelyA few friends and i went here after our church services this past sunday.  Place is a little hard to find because the sign outside says "free delivery" in huge letters and "Souper fry" in a weird font below.  no worries. Just circle back and we're ok.Service:I had been here once before long ago but couldn't remember.  The counter guy was very friendly and gave us recommendations on his favorites and popular items.  Very helpful. Put in our orders and food came out quickly. Food: Food was excellent.  3 of us got "Sazinis" based on recommendations, and one person got a "Wifey speaks thai".  All of us enjoyed our sandwiches. Fries were generous for "half a bag".  Dipping sauces were great too.Atmosphere/etc.Was very impressed with the cleanliness of the place.  Counter guy promptly wiped down tables after they were vacated.  This is not a sit down place--it's a hole in the wall place with 5-6 tables of 4.  Yet it was clean...big plus.ValueIt's a tad expensive for sandwiches and fries, but worth it in my view. Fries are top quality as are the sandwiches.most definitely will be back.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,11/21/2014,45,67,1,6,4>Every time I have gone here its always been a good experience. I like the location right inside the marina where you can watch the boats come and go and enjoy a nice view of the water. The pier itself is nicely kept with large flower pots and seemingly plenty of seats (perhaps we went at the right times).A lot of reviews complain about the cost, or "small portion size" which is why I think we have an obesity problem in the US! I ordered the Fisherman which is a little bit of everything - they give you a nice piece of flounder, 3 jumbo shrimps, 2 large scallops and a bunch of fried clams along with fries and slaw. All the food was fresh and well prepared not overly breaded or greasy. I shared with my wife and felt plenty filled. She ordered the lobster roll - again its not overly dressed with a really nice portion of lobster. Even the cole slaw was good - not swimming in mayo, but just perfectly dressed. All the seafood was fresh and delicious. The price is fair for the quality and what you get - its not like you are tipping 20% extra for table service.The have a nice selection of canned beers and specialty sodas and drinks. Service is always friendly and efficient. Do I have any knocks against the place? I guess I could complain about the somewhat limited menu and preparation of the food. It would be nice if they had a raw bar, but I guess it wouldn't be the same tradition as the Massachusetts clam shack they are replicating. I also wish they had access to the pool behind the shack. I always get so envious of the swimmers on a nice sunny day and want to take a nice refreshing dip after a meal! Oh well.I think this a destination spot - its always a nice drive on a lazy day off to admire a nice view and enjoy some tasty seafood right by the water. One of my favorite casual spots on Long Island that seems to lack in QUALITY seafood places by its vast shoreline.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,11/20/2014,182,171,3,8,5>This restaurant rocks with the Gluten Free menu, for those like my daughter who needs to eat GF items and loves Italian food, everything on the typical menu is on the GF menu.She loves rice balls and these didn't disappoint, and the eggplant parmigiana with a side of penne alla vodka, she couldn't tell the difference. Our entree's were excellent as well as the dessert, but service was just ok, wait staff is too young and don't know any better. But this is a 5 star restaurant for those with a Gluten intolerance and are craving great Italian dishes besides just GF pasta and frozen GF pizza as most restaurant claim to be GF. This is the real deal for Gluten Free foodies.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/19/2014,273,306,8,8,8>This is one of my happy places. I've been coming here for years. There are 2 things that make this place extra special for me. 1. The smell when you walk in is just insane. Sugary, buttery, nasal heaven. I'm not kidding. It's incredible. You know you're in for a real treat when you walk in. 2. The sweet old woman who runs the bakery is the sweetest ever. We walked in after not being there in over a year and she still recognized us. What gets better than that? We ordered some stuff for a family gathering for Sunday. 2 extra grande mixed crumb cakes and an extra grande tray of brownies. Since I was heading to my inlaws I also grabbed a medium mixed for them, and one for our home as well. The prices are insanely reasonable. For all that, with 2 small bags of crumbs given to us from the sweet old woman, our total came to $76. We'll have tons of leftovers as well. Stop in, have a heavenly experience, and eat some damn crumb cake!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/18/2014,114,108,2,7,8>Don't judge a book by it's cover....Yall should have seen the side eye I gave my breakfast buddy when we pulled up to this place ! LOL. Even though I had already checked the yelp reviews and photos I was still skeptical when I saw the place from the outside. It looks a little old. Actually we passed the place because its tucked away & easy to miss. But Im glad I actually went in! The woman who greeted us seemed as if she just loved her job & loved us for coming in. The decor seem kinda 50's ish. But that means nothing when it comes to their good food. The waitress were great. They came over several times to check our table & refilled drinks quickly. We both got french toast. Please understand that I am more of a pancake kinda girl, but I decided to try something different. The chef was right in front of us & I basically watched him make everything. I was happy to see he kept it all clean. Woah buddy.....The cinammon-raisin french toast was THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! So crispy and buttery on the outside with a soft interior. The slices were hefty and the maple syrup was piping hot! There was just enough batter on the outside that didnt overwhelm. And just enough cinammon & powdered sugar sprinkled on top. I believe thanks to The cookroom I will be ordering french toast more often. The fries were good, Home fries were even better. Our bill came to $23....Thats good look as we were both stuffed! I regret not taking the rest home. Thank you Cookroom! I will be coming back! Happy Eating Yelpers!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2014,11/17/2014,56,146,1,6,5>This has been one of my favorite liquor stores ever since it opened....why? Because the staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly, but more importantly they are very knowledgeable about their business. If you barely describe what you are looking for they are ready with all kinds of suggestions - and they are really never wrong. The shelves are stocked with as many well known brands as well as really obscure and very hard to find items (Ex: I had to find a bottle of pisco for a peruvian themed dinner party, this was the only place that had it ...and knew what I was asking for....I got a bottle of VERY fine quality pisco that impressed everyone). Also, they always have coupons in Valpak if needed.Bottom line: Great suggestions, excellent for hard to find items, great staff. There are no cons about this place, just a whole bunch of positive results. They might not have the cheap "trendy" shots that will leave you hurting the next day, but they do have quality items that will impress anyone around you.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,11/16/2014,90,119,6,11,9>Nesconset Bagel Café for the win! Even though they are always busy and I have stood outside.. in my opinion it is worth it. The line typically moves quick so pay attention and you'll be inside before you know it. Most of the staff is quick and efficient and usually helpful.It's my go to place if I want a flagel or a bialy. It's also super convenient for me. I have never really had any of their sandwiches except an egg sammie here and there and they are pretty damn good.Also.. their coffee is always hot and typically fresh. The iced coffee is pretty rocking too. The milk/creamer area is typically well stocked and if you need something just ask. They'll be sure to bring one out from the cooler. I sometimes get the hookup from the owner(I think he's the owner?) Randy when he's told me not to worry about my coffee so thanks Randy for the free coffee occasionally! So come here if you want some good flagels, bialys, and/or bagels if you're in the area.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,11/15/2014,117,113,5,7,6>This is a pretty solid shawarma joint in my hometown. They incorporate halal prepared food into their dishes, serving the burgeoning Muslim community in Selden with eat-in, take-out, as well as catering services in case you're looking for something a bit off the beaten path for an event/party/inservice. Now just because they serve halal, don't start thinking it's JUST middle-eastern cuisine. The grill puts out traditional  champions like hamburgers and grilled chicken as well as South Asian favorites. I love how they offer to switch pita bread for naan (for $1) in the sandwiches. I've had their vegetable dishes (chickpeas, peppers, rice, etc) and found the spice level to be pretty moderate, but that means it doesn't compete with the flavor of the food and I'm a fan. The chicken shawarma is always a safe option for me to use when assessing a place, and I found it up to snuff. I like their vegetable samosas although the tamarind sauce (my favorite) they serve has been of differing consistency at times - sometimes more viscous (yes!) and sometimes too thin and liquidy (bad!). Some other things I love about this place are their bottled lassi (available in: sweet, mango, and salty) and the iced-treat Kulfi, (an un-churned ice cream) in: malai (cream), mango, pista (pistachio), and paan (made from Betel leaves!)Inside, it's C-L-E-A-N. The people working behind the counter are friendly and helpful with describing dishes and making suggestions, so this is a great place for someone who is looking to dip their toes into Middle Eastern or South Asian food. Skip the garlic naan, and just go regular.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2014,11/14/2014,40,93,1,5,6>Very great experience.  Came here around 830 on a Friday night, good amount of people.  The vibe inside was very fun, beautiful decor.Sat upstairs.  The service was very slow BUT I like to eat slow so that worked out well for me.  I tried the bonsai (plum wine + sake) very yum and my bf got a fig lychee cocktail he liked a lot.  We tried the oysters as an appetizer as well as a seared tuna with balsamic vinegar and truffle oil, very very delicious.  We tried the TNT roll which had tuna and salmon, mango, wasabi... very great choice.  Also had the fish n chips special, seaweed covered in crunch as the chips and diced tuna and mango as the dip for it with truffle oil.I had a hot sake and my bf had a cold lychee sake. Overall very happy with our choice for the night and when in the area, will definitely return.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2014,11/13/2014,388,116,1,8,7>Based on the excellent reviews, we stopped in here for drinks / appetizers on a Friday and ended up staying for dinner too!We started off with the Bacon Wrapped shrimp special and Calamari & Hot Cherry Pepper Rings.  The shrimp was good but nothing to rave about.  The Calamari and Hot Cherry Peppers however were great! The peppers were battered and fried too which was different.  We liked the appetizer so much we decided to get a second round of food. I got a Cull Salad that was perfectly delicious. And he had the Fish Tacos.  They had a little bit of a kick to them - I think from the guacamole. All and all we were impressed with the food. The outsides seating is a small area but actually very quaint and quite for being on a road. We will be back after we check out some more local hot spots!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2014,11/12/2014,142,194,3,3,4>Came here and met up with some friends we have been to other Nisen locations (Woodbury, Smithtown)First negative is the parking is limited in their lot!  Make sure you come after  5 you can park across the street and not get towed! We came at 7 so even with a packed lot you will need to cross the street. Made an open table reservation which is always nice to use the app **We were seated right away it was a Tuesday and it was only 3 of us so there was plenty of room/space... Our waiters name was Dan he was great and attentive.we had an order of edamame to share, it was good but had some big salt crystals! it came with a fresh lime wedge to squeeze on top and i think i want all future edamame to be served that way!I ordered the warm truffle wild mushroom salad. This salas was huge and it had lots of flavor. Qhen i come back i will definitely order this again.   My friend ordered the kani salas it was delicious i had to try it but it definitely had a kick. The tropical bliss roll was good but i was expecting more coconut flavor and didnt think it wouldve been having a kick.  Lastly we had to get dessert.  The green tea fried ice cream called my name.   The portion for that was huge.I wish this location had some partions throughout the dining area.  The tables are a little close together...and the parking i didnt like. they also have a very nice outdoor looked like dining area. I would return but would make sure it is after 5!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,11/11/2014,83,85,5,7,3>SO EFFING THRILLED we finally got a Vietnamese restaurant on Long Island. Previously, you had to go to Flushing, NYC, or Connecticut to get a bahn mi, pho, or the like. This place is packed out during lunch now, but it's worth it if you have time to wait. Prices are reasonable, the food is flavorful, rich and authentic, and service is courteous and pretty fast. I'm a sucker for the lemongrass chicken bun (vermicelli noodle bowl, or hot bowl with noodles as it's now listed under), since the beef satay is a little tough and the peanut sauce a tad too sweet. It's not wholly traditional, based on what I've had in New Orleans, which has a really high Vietnamese population, adding tomatoes and omitting the fried shallots, but I'll take what I can get on LI. The spring rolls are a great accompaniment to any noodle bowl, and the summer rolls are fresh and stuffed nicely. I do wish there were more veggies on my plate, but they let you add more for a nominal cost. It's still not enough, but if that's all I can get, fine. Takeout portions are MUCH smaller, though, so be aware. Like seriously, half your veggies will go missing. But ... nothing that can't be salvaged with a head of lettuce and a cucumber from nearby Giunta's! One of my faves, and relatively guilt-free, clean food, if you use half the sugary dressing and ignore the fact that the spring rolls are deep-fried. ;)
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,11/10/2014,285,275,4,6,4>I had to do it.  I unceremoniously "broke up" with my nail lady of many years.  She is great, but a little too slow for my taste.  So that brought me to Dashing Diva.  I walked by one evening on my way to dinner and made a mental note to check it out.  During my first time here, I treated myself to a pedicure and gel manicure.  From start to finish, I felt relaxed and pampered.  The nail services also include aromatherapy (you can choose from different scents, such as peppermint and lavender).  And everything is extraordinarily clean, which really put me at ease.  If you are into gel manicures (as I am, because between work and the gym, I wreck my hands), you will be in awe of their absolutely incredible selection of colors.  The staff is so kind and friendly.  They don't rush through the service, but they do work skillfully and efficiently.  Keep in mind the prices are a little higher here than your average nail salon, but for the quality of service and extreme attention to cleanliness, I think it's worth the few extra bucks.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,11/9/2014,169,309,3,4,5>James Joseph is one of the few charter boats in the (North shore) Huntington area. It was PACKED like a sardine can on a Sunday afternoon. Before, during and after... all three day trips. Be ready to be elbow to elbow with fellow fishermen (and fisher ladies). The staff on the boat was competent and prompt, always ready to help you pull up a fish or untangle your hooks when you were catching other humans instead of fish. The Captain of the boat was exceedingly nice and let us come up stairs and play with their sweet black lab puppy. He was kept up in the cabin most of the time but gosh, was he adorable. Everyone was gushing over him (how could you not?). Expect to be pulling up fluke, sea robins, the occasional crab and each other's lines. My only real complaint about the trip is that we sat in certain spots for a long duration of time when no one was pulling anything up at all. On some of the other boats I've been on they'll scurry around a bit more. Oh, well. Cost is on par with other party boats ($40) and they wont bat an eye if you choose to sip some adult beverages while you're catching your dinner (or trying to)...
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/8/2014,425,101,5,19,8>This is pizza done right. Fresh ingredients with a discernible Old World Italian touch. You won't find your American bacon here-no, they use unsmoked pork belly instead, also known as pancetta. I brought my brother and his girlfriend here and they had never tried pancetta before, let alone on pizza. They fell in love with this pie at first bite. ;) We had a thinly crusted white pizza generously topped with crispy pancetta, freshly sliced scallions, aged scamorza cheese, and gooey mozzarella. Then it was drizzled with a lovely truffle oil. Additional toppings were sausage and mushrooms. You get a crunchy bite and then when you pull away, melted mozzarella just oozes out and you taste crispy, salty pancetta along with those sliced scallions that lift the dish up to another level. bit.ly/1D84zekForget about Pizza Hut and Domino's; Massa gives a refreshing take on pizza that brings it to the forefront of authentic Italian food. Not to mention, the service was genuinely pleasant and highly accommodating. I asked for their wifi password and the manager showed me where it was with a smile. With that in mind,  I give this restaurant and pie a 5/5.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,11/7/2014,140,162,2,8,8>I'll admit - I have haircutophobia. Haircutophobia (n): Fear and anxiety over having to get a haircut, and putting off getting a cut as long as possible. Also, fear of scissor-happy hairdressers who take off too much hair and don't listen to your wants and needs. You may ask, "Why Mandi, what caused you to get haircutophobia?" I'll tell you a story. I was four, and I had lovely long, long, curls. My older brother was growing bored of cutting the hair of his teddy bear, so he thought it would be wise to attempt his newfound skills on his kid sister. Guess who started kindergarten that year with an awful bowl haircut to her ears? Yep. This girl. Sigh. As such, ever since that fateful day, my quest for the perfect hairdresser has been on. I realized I had bookmarked this place some time ago, and with an upcoming vacation I decided to call. I asked the receptionist who she recommended for long hair, and she said "Michael". Conveniently, he was available for an appointment the following day at 10:30 am. I came in this morning and met Michael, who recognized me from Sephora days, and I recognized him as well. We were off to a great start, and I immediately felt comfortable. He talked to me about what I wanted and we had our game plan. This is the first time ever at a salon that the person who cut my hair, also washed and blew out my hair. I was VERY impressed with this, as many salons will have one person shampoo you, then you get your haircut, and sometimes another person will blow out your hair. I have A LOT of hair, and I knew it can be a pain to have to blow dry but Michael loved it and said it was one of his favorite parts of doing hair. Umm...then wouldja mind coming by my place every a.m. to do it? Pretty please? I never felt rushed and the total time spent from start to finish was about an hour and fifteen minutes. Michael gave me an AMAZING haircut, I feel like a total superstar. Watch out, Beyoncè! Mandi's in town! This is one of the best, if not THE best, hair cut I have ever had. I've received many compliments already, my parents loved it, the boy loves it, I love it. And as an added bonus, I ran into a few  people that I hadn't seen in a very long time at Target afterwards looking fab-u-lous. Don't ya just love that feeling? Thanks for curing me of haircutophobia, Michael!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,11/6/2014,159,531,3,3,3>Visit Date: September 13, 2014 and September 19, 2014I came here with my family because they wanted to take hubby and I out for our anniversary. I loved it so much I came back with my sushi eating best friend/sister. My one piece of caution which is why they get 4 stars instead of 5 is to stay away from the sesame chicken. When my family ordered it, the chicken was hard as a rock and everyone sent it back. My husband picked it up with his fork and let it drop on his plate and when it dropped on his plate you could hear a clunk. I think if he decided to throw it across the room it could have broken a window or hit someone else in the head. Besides the sesame chicken (which I didn't eat because I am a vegetarian) everything else was terrific. The vegetarian sushi is delicious and fresh, the crab meat rangoons (my guilty little vegetarian secret) were the best I've tasted so far (and I've eaten a lot of those), the pad thai was awesome, the cold sesame noodles were great, the scallion pancakes were deliciously greasy which is what I sometimes love!The restaurant is all you can eat. It's not a buffet because when you go in you are seated at a table and you look at the menu and tell the waiter what you want. Anything you want to eat is bought to you from the menu. You can eat whatever you want off the menu and order as many portions as you want for $19.95 (dinner) and I think roughly $11 for lunch. You also have a two hour time limit. Everything is bought to you freshly made based on your order which makes this place so much better than your classic grungy food behind a sneeze guard Chinese buffet. Be careful because whatever you can't eat you might be charged for. My suggestion on how to work this place is to order the majority of what you know you can eat at one time because it does take awhile sometimes for someone to come and take your order if it's busy. Definitely so much better than a buffet I'm sure I will be back again! It's a great deal if you can eat because you can probably put away more than $20 worth of food.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,11/5/2014,101,204,1,5,3>Lobster special all the way! I am a frequent guest at this waterfront gem.  Always a nice band playing and good drinks flowing if the weather is sunny or not raining. The inside seating is beautiful as well.  The bathroom is Small so there is usually a wait for the girls room if its crowded (There is a bathroom outside as well that a lot of people don't know about).  The front desk woman is always the same, summer after summer and always has the same attitude...not very nice.  I would say that is the only setback of this place (maybe she is an owner!) the bar is a nice place to hang while you wait for your table and the weather is not great.  I have eaten her many, many times and I can honestly say the food is extremely good.  I have always raved about the dishes, and this particular time we were surprised by the incredible lobster deal: $29 for lobster, king crab legs, muscles, corn and a side salad.  Very awesome. I highly recommend checking oakland's out, and try to see the NOIZ who is a local band that plays there a lot. Let's not forget the best part about this place: it is on the bay, accessible by boat and offers breathtaking sunsets!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,11/4/2014,47,154,3,4,4>Put simply, this place is awesome. It is also gigantic. In fact, I have never seen a larger restaurant. This place is so big, that if I didn't know it wasn't recently built for this purpose, I would think it was a 20th century blimp hangar! Outside they easily had over a hundred picnic tables. I made a reservation but immediately felt like a doofus upon arrival realizing that they could accommodate about 1000+ people easily. We sat in the upstairs portion of the "new building" on their outdoor terrace which was nice. Our server immediately came over, helped us pick out some great german beers and we were off and running. When she brought the beers, we were all happy with our choices. For food we had the giant pretzel (how can you not right?) and it was very good, fresh and tasty. We also had the weiner schnitzel w/mushroom sauce which was one of the best I have ever had. The little pretzel bun brat slider thingys were great too, and at 8 to an order it was enough for everyone to share. Also, the baked spaetzle w/gruyere cheese was good as well, similar to mac and cheese i'd say. Also liked the potato pancakes, the burger and the fried fish fillets.Overall, I will definitely be returning here, the service, food, atmosphere and entire experience was great, I would highly recommend you try it for something different than the usual fare on LI. Tip- We brought a 3 year old and it was perfectly fine for him. The place was lively but not overly loud. Also, they had a TON of security staff, which would be nice to have but for the fact that it was pretty calm for a Saturday night.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/3/2014,34,126,1,4,3>What a GEM!! Carnivore heaven!!! If one thinks that they have to go far away to get a great meal, they are sadly mistaken. Craving Rodizio (the skewered BBQ meats) that Portuguese restaurants are known for, we came across Antonio's - SCORE!!! Actually make that home run!! It was a Monday night, when all the other rodizio places are closed on LI and we wanted meat-fest! So we come across Antonio's that offers us meat-fest for $30.95 a person (cheaper then the others!) Upon getting seated we place our order and wait for the meats to start coming. Since the rodizio is cooked to order and not just waiting for the next guest to arrive, we wait and had a terrific salad and olives and some homemade cheese and oil. YUM! We could tell this was the start of something magical. Out come the side dishes - the homemade potato chips, rice, beans and what's that, oh Fried Banana!! YUM!! Now onto the endless supply of meat - (in no real order, Turkey wrapped in bacon, sausage, baby back ribs, top sirloin steak, beef short ribs, pork wrapped in bacon, skirt steak, another steak, a homemade cheese log grilled, and they ended the night with grilled pineapple in a port wine reduction with cinnamon & sugar. We were the only people in the restaurant that ordered the rodizio and the table next to us was envious and wished that they had ordered it. Service was terrific and we were able to get another order of the fried bananas because they were so delightful. Trust me - if you have that craving to be an all-out carnivore, this is your place. I will gladly be returning soon with more family and friends - What a find!!!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,11/2/2014,9,168,2,3,3>We've passed this location a hundred times, always wondering if it the food was as good as the building / landscaping.Well, we finally decided to give it a shot.  I read almost all of the yelp reviews, finding many people that either loved or hated the place.  It always makes me nervous when that's the case (though I'll say now, if your review referenced ordering a steak well done, I ignored it).Table service was great - not overwhelming but definitely there when we needed it.So, we tried the kobe beef sliders as an app, and to be honest, I wasn't all that impressed.  It tasted more like Jimmy Dean sausage than kobe beef.  I think the condiments lent the odd flavor.On to our meal, and we ordered the 22 oz bone-in steak, medium rare and the full size filet ordered medium.  For accompaniments, we chose the hash browns, creamed spinach and truffle mac and cheese.Both steaks were fantastic.  Cooked like they should be, charring on the outside to compliment a soft, juicy inside.  The sides were all great, though I found myself wishing the hash browns were shredded rather than home fry style, but they were still very crispy.  We ate about half of everything and decided to ask for a box so we could have room for dessert.Dessert was as good as the main course.  We went with the donuts topped with white chocolate shavings and drizzled with a raspberry sauce.  It was fantastic.  My wife had the dulce coconut macadamia cake.  Also very good.We'll be back, and plan to bring some people with us next time.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2014,11/1/2014,38,91,4,8,5>La Nonna Bella is lovely.  Each meal there has shown me the variety of sauces and flavors that can be experienced.  Every veal dish is heavenly and distinctly different.  Try them all.  The chef has an understanding of how to cook veal to make it taste mouthwatering. The shrimp, Bronzino and salmon are exquisite. What a pleasure it has been during my many visits there to sample these delicious meals. The mussels appetizer - muah- DELIZIOSO. If you're a pasta lover, the pasta is freshly made with savory sauces. The cavatelli with fava beans is wonderful. I think this is a real find. The lunch menu is a wonderful way to try this fine restaurant without breaking the bank. Dinner is a bit pricey once you add on a drink or two.  Still it's a special place.  Parking in the rear and in a lovely neighborhood.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,10/31/2014,29,45,3,5,3>This is actually my second visit at Bangz and each time I have been happy with the results.  This time I went in for a hair cut and dye job.  I made  appointment for Dina and Christine, both did a amazing job.  Dina was able to get the color I wanted and the ombre style perfectly.  I'm a very fussy person when it comes to my hair, and both were very pleasant with me and made me feel comfortable quickly. Christine has cut my hair before and was very understanding and put me at ease.  I tend to get super nervous about how much is being cut off due to bad experiences in the past where people end up cutting more than they should.  Christine let me know before hand how much she would be cutting off and made sure I was comfortable with the length and style of how my hair would look once she was done. I had called ahead to make an appointment and was taken right away. I'm not sure how walk-ins work or if they even take walk-ins. But I would recommend that you make an appointment so you're not waiting an outrageous amount of time.  I am an impatient person so I hate waiting more than 20 mins for something.  At Bangz I had just walked in 10 minutes before my appointment, checked in and then was taken care of 5 minutes later.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/30/2014,102,354,3,6,5>This is a 5 star for me... it really is... it is unconventional... but thats the charm of it. I spend my lunch eating outside overlooking the peconic. It was so relaxing and perfect. The people that were there were very busy, but super friendly. I ordered a meal for almost $10, but it could have fed two people with the side salad. Lets not forget the adorable little bag of cookies that comes with the meal, and the can of soda. What a nice touch. My sandwich was HUGE! Everything on it from the meats and fresh mozzarella was clearly at a high level. Please keep in mind that parking is a downside... parking is very hard, and the restaurant is right next to a busy main road. If you can look pass that and see the charm of this place, you will be very happy!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,10/29/2014,218,111,5,9,6>I came here strictly for the produce. The place was crowded and I quickly found out why. The produce prices were cheap!!! And the quality of the produce was excellent.  When I got home I tried the strawbeeries and they were some of the sweetest strawberries I ever tasted.They also have a meat dept, seafood dept, grocery & deli.  The meats looked excellent, the seafood looked super fresh. I  will definetely be coming back.If you come be sure to bring cash or check, that's all they take!!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,10/28/2014,76,60,1,8,7>Pretty Toni's...what a hidden little gem you are!I was on a mission to find a local soul food restaurant where I could sit down, relax, and enjoy a good meal. When I walked in, I was completely surprised with how adorable this restaurant is. Pretty Toni's decor gives you that feel as though you are home, with the earth tones and the relaxing, soothing music in the background. Gary who served us, was VERY attentive and made sure we were happy with our meal. Not only was Gary our server, but he also owns Pretty Toni's along with his wife, Toni. Yes Yelpers this is a family owned business! They have been featured in various articles including the NY Times on how amazing their restaurant is! I had the red velvet waffles with fried chicken and it was extremely good. I also had a Mango Lemonade which was also very tasty. I am excited to return to Pretty Toni's to try their brunch menu.If you're craving southern food, go to Pretty Toni's whether you are alone or with family and friends. You won't regeret it.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,10/27/2014,30,71,1,9,5>As we were walking down the street looking for dinner, we saw this place finally opened up so of course we popped in! Brook 23 is in the old J.Mags/Village Square spot on Atlantic Ave. The decor is very Americana, and it feels clean and fresh. We were sat at our choice of table or booth, so of course we chose booth. There were quite a few people considering the soft open, but the noise level of the music and the people was very comfortable. Our server, Rob, was friendly and walked us through the menu - a great touch considering they're brand new. Overhearing other servers they're all on the same page...everyone had recommendations for their tables and something they loved on the menu. They've got a wine list, cocktails broken down to mason jars, up, and rocks - and a nice list of bourbons. The specialty cocktails are focused around bourbons, and it feels like bourbon and wine are the go-to here. As for food, they've got "bites" and small plates, salads, a few sandwiches (lamb burger, grilled cheese, chicken sandwich), burgers and a short entree list that covers meat, seafood and vegetarian. For cocktails, we went with the peach julep (Bulleit Bourbon) and the vanilla old fashioned (Woodford Reserve). Both were very bourbon-y, so an excellent choice for someone who appreciates the spirit! As an app, we decided on the duck fries. Yeah, that's duck confit on thin French fries. Oh man, it was great. It reminded me of poutin, but thinner gravy and with duck all over it. I could definitely see eating that during a night of testing the cocktail menu, or maybe even with eggs for brunch (hint, hint!). Fab start for sure!For entrees, we decided on burgers - the 1000 Island and the Chili Burger - both medium. First thing first, they actually came out medium. Stellar. Shouldn't be so shocking but it seems so rare that it actually happens! The 1000 Island tastes like the million times better version of that fast food standard with the special sauce. On the other burger, the chili wasn't spicy, and was made with cinnamon. Super flavorful and not even a little bit dry. Although we didn't save room for dessert, we went for it anyway. They have boozy milkshakes (dubbed the 21-and-over shakes)! After some debate and leaning toward the Coffee option, we ended up settling on the Peach Bourbon shake (you know, keep with the theme). Holy cow, this thing was great. Excellent consistency, roasted peaches blended in with the skins still present (which might be weird to some people but man that flavor was worth it) and a thick whipped cream and cinnamon dusted over the top. Didn't really taste the bourbon, but it's not like I missed it either. I took a shot in the dark ordering this one, but I'm so glad that we did! TLDR: ambiance is good, service is attentive, staff knowledgeable, delicious food and some surprising choices. Definitely glad it's open and we will absolutely be back.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,10/26/2014,13,115,2,4,3>Food is great! I came here with a friend and this place we ordered the fried calamari and something my friend called the hunger killer as appetizers. The calamari was perhaps one of the best I have seen prepared. A lot of times you can judge a restaurant's quality by their calamari (bc most places have it on their menu and it is a simple dish that is hard to prepare in the right way). The calamari was perfect and was flavorful and wasn't the least bit rubbery. They sure did it justice. The hunger killer is like veal wrapped egg, spinach, pepper and some other stuff. It is looked delicious (prob cause I was starving) and afterwards i regretted eating it because it left me no stomach for the huge meat dish that came afterward.For entrees we had the porterhouse and the salmon in some sauce that my friend chose not to have. came with veggies and fries. The fries were pretty good, a little under seasoned but still good. The veggies were yummies. The salmon and steak were cooked very nicely and really showcased the food in it's natural state (very little additional seasoning other than salt). I think the porterhouse also came with shrimp in lobster sauce. The shrimp was well cooked but I found the flavor a little bland, probably overpowered by the meat. The sauce was prob a wrong choice on my end. Could've been better there but overall this place is a great find. Service was quick, attentive even though it was a packed house. The price maybe on the higher end but it matches well with the quantity and quality of food they serve.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2014,10/25/2014,56,33,3,6,5>My favorite place on Mainstreet/Fort Salonga to grab something quick and healthy to eat. Great selection of salads and paninis and the place itself is just adorable. My favorite here is the Grilled veggie panini on multigrain ciabatta (which i actually think tastes better than the regular ciabatta - surprisingly). They stuff the panini with so much i have to eat half the veggies before i can even bite it! The honey dijon spread on it is spicy and yummy. The sweet & spicy turkey panini is also very good if you don't want to go the vegetarian route. Along with any sandwich they also give you a pack of homemade tortilla chips and a teeny homemade salsa cup.They have a gourmet chocolate section (which is a little overpriced) with giant peanut butter cups and fist-sized nut clusters (of every kind) covered in caramel and chocolate. They also have a gluten free section. I don't know if anyone would go to Batata for this, but it's fun to look at while you wait for your order.Very cozy spot & reasonably priced with free wifi. Good place to bring your laptop, grab a coffee and do some work ( or grab a spot on the couch and day dream out the window while avoiding your work).
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,10/24/2014,186,125,2,4,3>In a older review I wrote that Taiko was tied for my number 1 spot on Long Island, but this has changed. Taiko hands down is my number 1 sushi spot on Long Island and anywhere for that matter. As I said in the past, the quality of the fish, the rice, and the special rolls make this place great! What I left out was the service. In the past we sat at regular tables to enjoy the incredible sushi and sashimi. Recently we decided to join in with the sushi bar crowd and the experience that we have had the last several times at Taiko requires Yelp to add a 6th star!! As soon as we sat at the bar we were greeted by the head Sushi Chef, we've been part of some great and usually very very funny conversation. The entire experience is made so much better when you are dining in the company of such great people. Most Japanese restaurants that I've been to on Long Island usually never have a crowd at the sushi bar, but Taiko's is usually packed! My advice to you is get at seat at the bar and join in on the fun! The large sashimi platter has been my meal of choice lately, it's absolutely fantastic and its made differently every time I order it. My wife tried the Sweetheart Roll for the first time and absolutely loved it! The Sweetheart Roll is Eel, cream cheese and i think cucumber topped with avocado, a special sauce, and dark chocolate curls!! This place is the real deal!!! They do get crowded at dinner time, but would you expect different from a great restaurant? Get off of your computer or smart phone and go get some!!!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/23/2014,59,184,1,5,5>We have not adopted a dog from Ruff House Rescue yet, but are in the process with them.We have been to almost 10 animal rescues/shelters so far in our quest to adopt a dog. Ruff House Rescue has BY FAR been the most professional, friendly, accommodating and responsive organization we have dealt with. Unlike other rescues we have been to, it seems like they take care of each dog individually to make sure that they get taken in, receive whatever medical attention they need, and then get adopted out as quickly as possible instead of cramming as many dogs as possible into their rescue. The quick turnover of animals in the rescue is a GOOD thing. They are very goal oriented, with the goal being to find these animals a good home!Melissa and Diane at the rescue have been so fantastic in coordinating our adoption process. I don't think I have ever waited more than an hour to hear back on an e-mail I sent them. I don't think that the process could have gone smoother so far. They truly care for these animals, have treated us with professionalism and kindness, and we cannot wait to take one of these angels home with us!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,10/22/2014,145,285,3,6,4>Great place to apple pick with young kids.  There's plenty to keep a toddler busy for a couple hours although not as much as the Western Town Harbes which is only a short drive away but this is the one for apple picking.  They have a nice tractor that pulls a long line of carts you ride in that look kind of like huge wine barrels.  They take you to the back row of the orchard and you pick your way back to the front.  Again let me state this place is great for young kids because the trees are only a few years old and still very small so picking is easy if you're small.  If you're expecting huge apple trees loaded with fruit and a dozen varieties to chose from then this is not the place for you.  For that I'd recommend the Milk Pail just a few miles away.  Harbes is for families.  You pay per person and get a small bag you can fill with apples so don't expect to be bringing home a bushel from here.  When you're finished apple picking they have a huge field for the kids to run around in.  They have peddle go karts, a small petting zoo, pumpkin picking, roasted corn, apple cider and donuts, wine tasting and a corn maze.  The staff is friendly and professional.  My tip: get here early as all these places on the north fork get packed by the afternoons!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,10/21/2014,113,382,3,8,8>WOWThis place is now open with new owners, new staff & new mugs (and yes it does matter)its a small place with about 10 tables including one big one in front and some counter space. Its almost reminds me of an old fashion lunchonette. simple tables simple decor. Great foodI am always searching for that ultimate breakfast comfort food and Corner Cafe fits the billwe came to eat on a Sunday morning we were warmly greeted by John and seated at a high top table right at the window. hot coffee was instantly on the table and yes my yelping friends that know me I am really picky about my coffee ...this was good! actually it was GREATService is very warm and friendly. Our young waiter was right on top of everything. I ordered the apple french toast it came with big thin slices of apples on top and a carafe of HOT syrup with apple chunks delish!Dan had a hearty breakfast of eggs bacon homefries and toast. perfect cooked homefries not greasy He also said this place knows how to do their bacon right. Thick country slices. Good looking hearty toast and its all goodMenu offers all sorts of yummy sounding french toasts plus other hearty breakfast choices and many yummy reading sandwiches what does this mean? it means I will be back again maybe even tomorrow
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,10/20/2014,382,325,9,6,7>Two of my girlfriends and I have been on a brunch kick lately, and we chose the city cellar jazz brunch for this month - score.  Seriously, score.  I checked out the menu ahead of time because I like to prepare myself and all that did was lead to a week of hemming and hawing and not knowing what to order.  Wait, let me back up - the location is in a spot that you do not expect good food to sit in.  Its close to the malls, and next to famous daves - right down the block from old country road.  There are a ton of little cookie cutter restos on Old Country road (think: panera, chilis, things like that) so this is a pleasant addition to the area.Inside, is a lot classier than I expected (good thing I didnt wear the sweatpants I was eyeballing before I left).  There is a fairly large dining area lined with booths on the outer edges, and a big ole bar with a biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig wall full of wine (hello, lova).  We were seated in a booth - sweet.Our waiter and bus service was very attentive, but not aggressively pushing us out the door, or overbearing with the food service.  Shrimpy Mary?  Don't mind if I do!  Complimentary mimosa?  Sure, I guess I'll have a second beverage.  We ordered mussels and burrata to start - the mussels were cooked with leeks and chorizo...and they were literally the largest mussels I've ever seen (I'm talking seafood here, not manWich, BeefCake has the largest MUSCLES ever).  And they were delicious.  So was the burrata - and let em tell you - portions were large. Large.  Like, meal sized - good thing we split (sort of - as soon as the mussels came out I decided I was going to gorge myself and just accept it).  One of my favorite things in the world is a good Eggs Benedict, but since it immediately spikes my cholesterol, I don't eat them very often - however...its brunch, so I made an exception - and ordered it over a lobster salad (other choices included a tuna and avocado salad, which was really impossible to resist, and something else...I was blinded by lobster).  Good.  Effn.  Choice.  JoJo.  the lobster salad was delicious - right amount of crunch in celery, not overly mayonnaised, very decent amount of lobster...mmm.  The eggs were perfectly poached, and rested on top an english muffin - my other obsession.I ate it all.  And I'd do it again.  Only next time, I'm wearing pants with some give.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,10/19/2014,237,506,1,5,5>I can't comment on the dinner menu because this is not the place to go for a fancy dinner.  This is a place you go to have some frosty adult beverages, delicious appetizers and a great time with good company.  As a fan of beer in general, especially craft beers, I was very excited to find out a place like this opened within stumbling distance to my home.  This is dangerous, but awesome.  The tap beer menu is impressive.  I had 2 delicious glasses of Ithaca Flowerpower IPA which, in turn, made me hammered.  We ordered a bunch of apps because we weren't feeling the dinner menu.  We ordered lobster sliders, Belgian mussels and  these Auntie Anne type pretzels that came with awesome cheese, icing and mustard dipping sauces. I really liked the vibe.  Great rock music was playing at all times and the restooms were exceptionally clean.  Our waitress was sweet and the service was prompt and attentive.  I can't wait to go back and try all the IPAs they have on draft.  A welcome and much-needed addition to the RVC bar scene.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2014,10/18/2014,238,372,4,5,6>Rumba is a solid five star joint in my books and here's why...Everything these guys do here freakin' rocks...not only do they KISS but they do things the right way. They pay attention to detail, the service is always top notch yet casual and very on-point, never an attitude, and beyond friendly.Frank and Shawn (usually behind the bar) are beyond fantastic - these guys get it, there's never any bullshit, and they're always making sure you're taken care of. It's really difficult to find a place like Rumba that is not only superbly consistent (drink, food, and service wise) but so casual at the same time; everyone is always here to have fun and just relax/enjoy what they have to offer.The views....ahhhh the views of Shinnecock bay, are always in sight and if you score a beautiful day, get there early and sit outside. You will NOT be disappointed, I promise you!Their FRESH coconut cream Pina Colada on the rocks (Passion fruit) - I challenge you to not only find a better tasting pina colada but one that is made FRESH without using any of that Island Oasis crap that most bars use which is not only disgusting, but calorie laden. By the way, I thought it was weird that theirs was on the rocks at first, but I will never go back to frozen or any other way if at all possible. It's done with Passion Fruit puree...KILLER. Order them in batches, so you don't have to wait going from your first to your second, or to your third. THIS DRINK is so good, it requires its own paragraph.They have a killer happy hour from M-F 4-6p where most of their killer drinks are HALF price ~$5 and many apps are discounted considerably! Seriously can't be beat especially for their happy hour prices...unsurpassed. They open everyday at 12p...They are deserving of every single letter of this glowing review...GUYS keep doing what you're doing, we love you!THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/17/2014,240,172,5,5,8>We were so impressed with Spuntino when we attended the Yelp Elite Event there recently it was a given we had to return. And return we did...Late last Saturday, around 9:30 we walked in, with rezzy, and were immediately seated in a small banquette in the dining room...very cozy! Our server Cindel was most gracious and took care of our every need. We started with a charcuterie board consisting of boar sausage, sheep cheese and sliced prosciutto....so good we also ordered the Speck ; a smoked ham. The crusty bread they served is the best ever and goes so well with the cheese and meats. Then we had a Funghi Pizza which was outstanding! Also had the Pulpo(Charred Octopus), tender and tasty delicious and as if that wasnt enough we had the Gnocci...a real taste treat.. And of course we had a bottle of really good Montupullciano de Abruzzo to go along with all our choices. A really nice Italian wine that goes down real easy with these foods. And, its only $28 a bottle..cant go wrong.  Enough about the food for a sec...We were visited by the Manager Samantha, who remembered us from the Event and came by to kibbutz...and then Ryan, the Chef stopped by and we all had a Group Hug together...what a wonderful time we had there....On my new list of favorites!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,10/16/2014,30,141,5,5,5>I've been here a few times since they have opened as La Semolina, and I am absolutely obsessed with this pizza!!I've never seen pizza slices so large in my life, and eating just one is totally enough for me even though I always want a second.  Not to mention, A GARLIC KNOT CRUST?!?!!??  Totally genius. The variety of pizza is unlike most pizzerias in the area. The staff is absolutely amazing, and they are always chatting with customers.  Thank god my fiancé an I have a Jeep.  Because the only problem that would come from La Semolina is getting a jumbo pie into your regular sized car.  We brought this pizza home to our parents, and they were absolutely beside themselves with not only the size of it (a slice does NOT fit on a regular sized plate), but also how delicious it is.I also love knowing that I am not eating the same crappy dough that most pizzerias use.  We will be back again and again.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/15/2014,149,241,2,8,3>I am quite the fan of this amazing new place. First. the owners are brothers and they are so friendly and helpful when ordering a new style of food. They give you a sampler if you are unfamiliar with the food and help to find you something you will like. First off the beef patties were easily one of the best I've ever ever had. Seriously, this thing was insanely good. For my main meal I went with the pounded yam fufu with black pepper chicken soup. It was so different and you take some of the yam which is more starchy than you would think and dip it in the soup with the chicken and it was just alllll soooo good. Another highlight of the meal was the amazing ginger drink they suggested. It was quite a bit spicy so i wouldn't suggest it unless you really like ginger and like spicy things.This place has a very special place in my heart as they serve up amazing food and the friendliness of the owners really make you feel at home. Taste of Africa is just awesome.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/14/2014,196,94,9,12,9>I love, love, love Cafe Havana!!! I've been coming here since the first time they opened their doors the FIRST time. After a renovation period, (which I sadly thought was the demise of the place), I was psyched to see that they re-opened their doors to a bigger and better Cuban getaway, which continually draws crowds every weekend. Who would ever think a place like this could exist in the middle of Smithtown?The attraction for me is the food. The Chicken Pineapple Pinchos appetizer ($10) is presented like a work of art and tastes as equally as good. Ropa Vieja ($20) is served in a lush tomato-based sauce loaded with peppers, onions, and the most tender shredded beef. So good! But, their Cuban steak ($25), sauteed with onions and their house seasoning, comes grilled to perfection, is served with rice and beans and is easily one of the best steaks I've ever. Utterly melt in your mouth delicious.The restaurant itself is just stunning and so relaxing. The feel is very reminiscent of the Bermuda-Miami restaurant scene. Always puts me in a great mood walking through the doors here. I could have the worst day at work but coming here for a Cuban steak and an Coronita garnished Ultimate Margarita (GOBLET-sized) makes it all go away. Weekends here pack out, so I would highly recommend making a reservation.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/13/2014,234,238,2,8,5>This is now my offical local place to go for ice cream. I heard that the owner comes out with a pumkin flavoured ice cream which is to die for in October. I really did enjoy coming to Port Jefferson and walking around and it is always a great thing to get some ice cold tasty treat. I do know that I really dislike the other ice cream/candy/yogurt/Willie Wonka store. I never enjoyed what they called ice cream. I guess for all the tourist. It is a perfect place to get it and why not. If you are a tourist or a local this is the spot to be. Well worth it and best of all the ice cream is extremly tasty.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,10/12/2014,42,64,5,7,4>This is my favorite place to get sushi on Long Island (Nisen is a close 2nd). I eat here at least once a month and sometimes several times a month depending on how much I am jonesing for their food.The food is always excellent although I get the same thing every time: a double order of fried oysters (one of the best things I've ever eaten), soft shell crab with hot chili sauce (the 2nd best thing I've ever eaten), filet mignon tataki, the paradise roll (shrimp tempura, spicy lobster & fried banana wrapped w. soy bean nori topped w. yuzu mango sauce) and the holiday roll (lobster tempura & mango inside, wrapped in soy paper, topped with spicy crunchy tuna, avocado & tobiko with spicy mango sauce).The service has never let me down. They actually remember our names and what we want to order each time we come in. The waitresses are always extremely friendly, professional and attentive. We've never had to wait too long for the courses to come out and I love the hot towels that they give you before and after the meal.  The only downside is that this place is almost impossible to get into on Friday and Saturday night even though there is a good sushi restaurant on each block next to it. We usually go on a Monday or Tuesday at 5 to make sure that we can get a table.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/11/2014,383,272,2,7,10>Chef's five course tasting menu changes daily. $64 without wine pairing. Four savory courses and one sweet course.  Chef is happy to abide your food restrictions such as allergies or preferences. Low intimate lighting.  Very nice for a special occasion or a romantic date. Diverse wine list or go with their wine pairing.  Inventive cocktails and bottled craft beer for non-oenophiles.  First course: figs, prosciutto, spanakopita (a little unbalanced). Second course: caramelized sea scallops (excellent). Third course: pork loin, bean cassoulet (rich, savory, excellent), fourth course: beef rare- perfectly done. Fifth course: assorted mini desserts (exceptional).  Full meal 2.5-3 hours.  Wonderful.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/10/2014,203,184,5,7,7>Even though this shop is really tiny, I had a blast looking at everything they've got- and it's a lot!I called my local Gamestop looking for the AV and power cable for my Sega Genesis (second version). I recently found my Sega Ghostbusters game after moving and had the pining to play it. The Gamestop didn't have what I needed- but the awesome guy over the phone recommended checking this spot out. That's already a plus when another video game store recommends another!First- definitely check the business' store hours or call before visiting. They don't have usual store hours, so double check! And getting there can be tricky. Don't enter the address of 4520 Sunrise Highway in your GPS. It brought me 5 blocks away. On their Facebook page, they suggest using the address of 80 Killians Road and to look out for the giant Native American chief. The Killians Road address worked perfect for me- and you can't miss the Native American chief! Also- hit up that ATM before you visit- as this business is cash only! I also brought along 3 games with me to see what the trade in value would be. I was happily surprised to get more than what I thought I would! After showing them my games, they seemed to research the value either online or in their computer somewhere. I must also note that two of my games were in great condition- in the original box with the original instructions guide. Since I was also in the market for the AV and power cable- we called it an even trade. Sweet!The two guys working here- one of which was the owner- were both friendly and super knowledgeable. One thing I really appreciated, is that after showing interest in purchasing a Wayne's World Super Nintendo game, they made sure to test it out on a system in front of me before I purchased it. After the first cartridge didn't work- he cleaned it out and asked me to check if there was another one we could try. In the end- I got myself a working Wayne's World!This shop is where you want to go if you're looking for anything old school or even something not that old! There's consoles, games, spare parts, and other goodies sprinkled all around. And there's lots of inventory of games for Playstation, Playstation 2, Sega Genesis, Gameboy, Nintendo, Super Nintendo, and Nintendo 64. Prices seemed to vary based on collect-ability, but were still very reasonable. I had a blast in my short visit- and I'll absolutely be back! I saw at least 20 other games I need in my life!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,10/9/2014,698,2008,6,7,5>PubThis place is a legend for late night and cheap eats - as well as a fun bar area.I am always amazed at the low costs for food in here - and the fact that it goes late is awesome for when you want .10 cent wings and you want them now!Pool table is an added bonus.,Seriously, what more could you ask for in a local dive beside solid, cheap food and drinks?Get in there.Parking on the street.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,10/8/2014,96,306,2,4,3>I came here on a Saturday night with a party of four at roughly 9:30PM. We were greeted by the hostess immediately and was told that we had a 25 minute wait... No biggie. They had what appeared to be a huge spacious bar off to the right but it turns out that it was an illusion created by a mirrors wall.... My bad lol. The cocktails were excellent and 20 minutes later we were offered our seats... Glad they held true to their offered wait time. We sat down and plowed through the pizza bread basket that they gave us... It was delicious. I am almost convinced that if they offered them to us at the bar, we would've stayed there and just drank all night. That is besides the point though, most of us ended up getting something off the specials menu... Everything tasted delicious and the portions were huge. The presentation was also quite pretty. For dessert we got the Napoleon..... Don't think I'd get it again but maybe it's because we were all stuffed. We hung out there till closing(12AM) and they didn't rush us out. Great dining experience. Thanks!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,10/7/2014,371,182,8,11,10>100 wines by the glass, seriously?Holy cow, when I first walked into Novita I couldn't stop staring. An entire wall filled with bottles of wine on "tap". So many choices, so little time!!!My family and I chose Novita for a nice quiet dinner to celebrate my birthday. We arrived about 6 o'clock on a Monday evening. Novita had a nice crowd going, but we were quickly escorted over to our table. (We had made our reservations a couple of days in advance using the convenient reservation button on their website)Interesting atmosphere in the restaurant. The area where we were seated was mostly high half circular booths. So half of my family sat in the booth and the other half sat on chairs. The arrangement makes it difficult to see anyone else around you and, more importantly, spot your wait staff. In their defense, I will say if you are looking for a more private dining experience, this works.The hostess was very friendly and greeted us as soon as we walked in the door. The waitress we had was also very accommodating and came over to the table within a few minutes. I liked that they brought over a brown bag with fresh bread as soon as we sat down, nice touch. Now let's get back to that wall of wine. Let me begin by saying that they have 50% off bottle of wine all day Sunday and all day Monday (for bottles under $99) with a pretty amazing wine list. The wine special ultimately delayed my journey down the wall of wine. My wife and I chose to share a bottle of Suhru Pinot Grigio from the North Fork, Long Island Vineyard ($36/bottle before the 50% off), highly recommended. After the bottle, I sampled a Maso Poli Pinot Grigio from the "great wall" at the recommendation of our waitress. Not disappointed at all.Let's talk about the menu. We all loved the selections in the Salumi e Formaggi section of the menu. We started our meal with a selection of four cheeses for $15 (Parmigiano Reggiano, Pecorino Locatelli, Machengo Doc (our favorite), and Beemster XO). We also added an order of Speck Prosciutto to our plate for an additional $5. Everything was delish. The only complaint was when the platter arrived at the table we were left to guess what the individual cheeses were. There was no explanation from the wait staff.My son and daughter both ordered the Pasta Special ($18) Porcini Truffle Ravioli Carbonara, Grilled Chicken, Forest Mushrooms, Sun Dried Tomatoes, Pancetta, and Shaved Reggiano. They loved the dish, portion size was spot on and the flavors all worked well together.My wife ordered the Marinated Skirt Steak ($34) from the Carne section of the menu. It was served with a gorgonzola potato hash, broccoli rabe, and a basil béarnaise sauce. She was very pleased with her choice and recommended this dish.I ordered the meat special of the day, Cenet Cut Filet Mignon, Eggplant Caponata, Truffle Basil Polenta, Broccoli Rabe Arrabiatta (spicy), and a Porcini Mushroom Cabernet Demi ($34). This dish was amazing, the filet literally cut like butter. The polenta was so tasty. The broccoli was spicy, but not overpowering.Bring on dessert! We all really liked the selection of desserts to choose from, I ordered the Rustic Tiramisu ($10) which is served in a glass jar with espresso, marscapone, and a wild berry sauce. I think I should have ordered a second one to go, I loved this!! I also enjoyed a Taylor Ruby Porto ($8) with my dessert, the perfect complement to the Tiramisu! My daughter was dreaming of the White Chocolate Souffle the minute she saw it on the menu the day before our visit. The soufflé ($10) was served with Italian pistachio gelato, caramel & chocolate sauce. It was a little overwhelming after such a big meal, but she made the yeoman's effort to finish. Well worth it. We love this place, I think I'm reaching deep into my star bucket here and I'm pulling out a full five stars for Novita. I would have preferred a different seating arrangement, but the food and wine selections more than compensated for the unusual dining room. I would recommend this place to my friends. We'll be back!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/6/2014,179,129,4,12,6>I have to agree with the masses.. this is the place to go! The menu is so expansive with many different choices for Asian cuisine, but the focus is definitely on Indian cuisine. We ordered Chicken tikka because everyone had that coming to their table and Chicken Vindaloo (spicy) and Malai Kofta. The Malai Kofta might be the best I have EVER had!  The vege-balls were dense and chewy and sizzling hot.  The sauce was sweet and savory.  This restaurant is definitely an experience.  If the wait staff doesn't know you, they make it their mission to personally get to know you. They come to your table and make friends.  Between this and the food, why wouldn't you want to come back. I literally live .54 miles away from this place and CANNOT wait to order some delivery or pick up.  We heard it always got packed but we walked right in on a Friday night at 6:30PM!!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,10/5/2014,37,154,6,16,6>I first visited Riella's Homestyle, a family owned and run restaurant, over a month ago with my family, after anxiously waiting for it to finally open, and have been back at least 6 times and have taken out twice. Needless to say, I have become an absolute regular. The decor is classy and trendy, almost like a NYC feel but located right in the heart of Levittown, lucky for me!! You are greeted with the nicest, friendliest hostess, and, the staff is equally friendly and accomodating. Lorenzo, who is one of the owner's Nephews, is extremely funny, makes you feel so welcome and glad you are there.You are immediately brought a bread basket filled with tasty warm rolls and Semolina bread, accompianied with a bowl of the best tomato sauce for dipping. There is also a bottle filled extra virgin olive oil on your table. Then, you are brought a complimentary plate of Brushetta on Italian toast, with a creamy balsamic vinagarette lightly topping it. Absolutely delicious!! Here comes the soup!! The Tortellini Al Brodo is filled with delicious cheese in a clear light chicken broth and my husband had the Pasta E Fagioli, loaded with beans, pasta & perfectly flavored. Next, appetizers. Although I do not eat Calamari, my husband and daughter have ordered it every time we were there and there is never any left. They said it is succulent, lightly breaded and not chewy at all. The fried Zucchini is sliced whole pieces and perfectly breaded. Main courses - The Chicken Francaise, my favorite, is made to perfection, probably the best I've ever had. The Chicken Marsala was made exactly the way I love it (a light brown marsala sauce and slightly sweet) and the Baked Lasagne is made with lots of meat, sausage, and pockets of ricotta cheese, just amazing!! Dinner comes with a choice of salad or pasta. The marinara sauce has big pieces of roasted garlic cloves and my husband said their linguini with garlic and oil is the one to get. Other family and friends I have been to Riella's with have ordered Linguini with White Clam Sauce, Eggplant Rollatini, both Chicken and Veal Parmigiana, and the Gianfranco Salad (served warm). All have raved about every dish and said they will be definitely be going back. The desserts are all homemade and unbelievable!! The Tiramisu is cake like, not in the glass, the perfect amount of everything, an absolute must!! The Cheesecake is unreal and made with a Graham Cracker Crust.Riella's also offers a diverse variety of specialty pizzas, but I have only tried the Meatball and Napolitano pizza so far. Out of this world delicious made with a very different type of crust that I have never had before. Best described as light, flaky and crunchy. The cheese is definitely high quality and they bring it all the way to the top of the pie with the perfect amount of sauce.Riella's, in my opinion, has already surpassed all the Italian main stays in the area. Prices are very reasonable, portions are above average and there is even a very nice sitting area with an extremely comfortable sofa and big screen TV!! Parking is in the front and back of the restaurant. I am cetain, without a doubt, Riella's will soon become THE Italian restaurant to go to. I know I will not be going to any other.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,10/4/2014,5000,690,4,18,10>Red Fortune Restaurant  has just opened it's doors in Westhampton Beach easily accessible on Montauk Hwy. Outside there were plenty of cars and a gentleman assisting with showing the way for parking as the lot was full. Inside is a large dining area, that extends back where a large group that was hosting a meeting was dining.There is a sushi bar and a drink bar for drinks & appetizers.King & Allen manned the sushi bar and were friendly and hospitable offering complimentary Asian salad and later sliced fruit with strawberry sauce. Quite friendly. Eric a manager introduced himself and was very welcoming as well.The sushi was presented nice, fresh. Soup was just ok. There isn't a good wonton soup in WHB or WH of the three places there are. But there is good and in some cases very good food. This is a welcome addition to Westhampton with a nice new place to go.Upbeat, good service, brand new, good sushi.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/3/2014,341,504,2,4,3>I can't think of a better way to spend a beautiful Sunday afternoon, than drinking cold beers and eating delicious chicken wings from 14 of Long Island's finest poultry purveyors! Immediately upon entering I was greeted with the hypnotic smell of buffalo wings. The nutty Irishman converted the interior of their bar/restaurant into a chicken wing convention center. Two floors plus an outside patio area dedicated to the two of life's greatest party foods, wings and beers.I decided to walk through the entirety of the venue before starting my wing enjoyment. So many different places offering so many different and distinctive and delicious chicken wings.Everything from your traditional buffalo wing to A chicken wing with a chocolate raspberry sauce. For the most part, all of the wings were unique and delicious however there could be only one winner. My favorite was the traditional Buffalo style wing made by Tony. Delicious in all of its simplicity the wing it's self was plump and perfectly cooked with just enough buffalo sauce on it as not to mask the flavor of the wing.This was an excellent and well planned event and I look forward to returning to it next year.!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,10/2/2014,90,109,4,4,3>An all around solid steakhouse that has been around for decades. Classy old school vibe has you feeling like your eating in the grand dining room from The Shining (minus the ghouls).  Service is excellent. Bow ties and all.Gorgonzola garlic bread is an awesome app, and raw bar tower is reasonably priced. Porterhouse for 2 is a generous cut of meat, and includes house salad, two sides, and some damn good onion rings. Not bad for $102.Never overly crowded, never rushed by servers.Couple of small negatives:Lobster bisque I'd pass on. A $12 bowl of soup with not so much as one solid piece of lobster floating around. Last time I was there the steak was slightly under seasoned, a little bland. Expect a little more flavor from a dry aged porterhouse. They force you to valet, even if the lot is empty. Not that I really care, but the lot is literally 5 steps away...this isn't the city. I guess they feel it adds to the experience.Bottom line, expect a good meal.Bring your wallet, and your appetite.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,10/1/2014,156,116,2,8,6>I tried Dirty Burger out when they first opened and I wasn't that impressed with their signature "Dirty Burger".  They have since changed their menu and I decided to give them another shot today after having a hankering for a cheeseburger.  Dirty Burger is pretty close to my job so I called in an order.  I ordered the classic cheeseburger with avocado and the seasoned fries.  As soon as I arrived to pick up my order, it was just being put in a bag.  Dirty Burger did not disappoint!  After paying for my order (and I saved some money by checking in with Yelp!), I realized I should have ordered some dipping sauce, but lo and behold, there were already 2 dipping sauces included with my fries!  The burger was huge and delicious and the fries were also yummy.  I asked for the burger medium rare and it was more like a medium well cooked burger, so that was my only disappointment.  You get a LOT of food and I was extremely stuffed.  Thanks Dirty Burger for satisfying my cheeseburger and fries craving!  I also saved some of the sauce that came with the fries because it was so yummy, I think it's the truffle mayo :)
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/30/2014,117,234,7,13,9>The mad Russian and I had heard that a new restaurant had opened in Huntington, so when we got a little hungry on Saturday, we knew where we wanted to try. We arrived at around two in the afternoon and by one look, we knew we had to come back soon for dinner. Finding a nice place at the bar, we opted for now to have some tapas and a beer or two.Gabby, behind the bar was a sweetheart and not only was good company, she also made us feel very comfortable. We chose two empanadas from the menu- one beef and one spinach--- Wow! out of this world good! and an order of calamari that was cooked just perfectly. Some great sauces came for the empanadas but there was not evidence of it when we left. The Chef, Juan came out to meet us and chatted us up a bit. Down to earth, warm and friendly, We chatted about the restaurant, the food, and just about everything else.I can't wait to come in and try some of the dinner menu and bring some friends for the event. Both of us talked about the meal we had long after we left.Check out the lunch specials they offer.... $10 when we came to visit
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/29/2014,657,500,14,11,12>Ever hear of that phrase "little slice of heaven"? Ever experience perfection in a pie?No? Okay. Hop on a bus, temporarily kidnap your friends car, take a hot air balloon, ... whatever you need to do... to get to Briermere Farms in Riverhead.All jokes aside, I would drive all the way out from Seaford to Riverhead just for these treasures. They're that amazing. The little store/shack is open your typical 9am-5pm* hours with an extended 1/2 an hour on the weekends till 5:30pm. All of the pies are baked right on the farm from scratch. There's no pre-prepped ingredients or fillings. All the fruit is grown on site. Could you ask for more? Talk about fresh and local.How can anyone doc a star from here? Okay, yes they may be a bit pricey... ranging from $15-$22 per pie. But the quality speaks for itself. It's lip smacking good. Briermere's flavors range from the common apple, blueberry, cherry, peach... to strawberry rhubarb, boysenberry, apricot and coconut meringue! Every pie I've ever had was nothing short of delicious.My typical experience visiting Briermere's: **I'm driving along Sound Ave, counting down the minutes until I reach the farm. I manage to find a spot somewhere on the grass (probably by someone's corn field) and dodge traffic like a pro. I usually arrive mid-day, so by this point all the popular flavors are slowly dwindling. As I reach the front, there's one Apple Crisp left. I see from the corner of my eye... someone trying to cut ahead. The next thing you know we're in an all out brawl. Fruits are flying everywhere, people are cheering, and there's just no going back.The fruits are juicy&tart and the crust is a perfect foundation of flaky&buttery goodness. This is a true gem of Long Island. Been coming here for years and I've never been disappointed. I hope you love them as much as I do. __________________________________*Yeah they SAY 5pm, but you better get your butt there sooner because they run out fasttttt.**Okay this never really happened. But I'd like to think I'd go to these lengths for a Briermere pie. Dramatic license people.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,9/28/2014,3,32,9,4,4>Quiz TimeWhat makes All American so amazing???A: the location and decor haven't changed since the 60'sB. the rock bottom pricesC. the delicious burgers, franks, fries and shakesThe answer is...Drumroll please..... ***D all of the above***!!!It deserves all the hype and praise it gets and I hope it never changes!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,9/27/2014,33,416,4,4,6>GSB has become my favorite brewery on Long Island. First, let's talk beer. Quality, freshness, and creativity are certainly evident. The flavors are bold. Their Blood Orange Pale Ale has quickly spread throughout LI. It has a unique flavor which should allure craft beer drinks, yet the beer is not overwhelming (in regards to hoppiness or maltiness) which makes it a great introductory beer for those unfamiliar with craft beer. Other beers such as the Hoppocratic Oath and the Chili Chocolate Milk Stout utilize creative blends of hops and other ingredients which yield intriguing and tasteful beers. My favorite was Hoppocratic which is a double IPA.The venue itself was very surprising. I accidentally passed it twice because I did not realize it was a brewery. The brewery seems to be converted from an old office space. The inside is huge. There is plenty of open space to sit and stand around. They have games such as foosball and corn hole. The industrial portion of the brewery is visible from the tap room which is interesting to see.There were at least fifty people there on a Saturday afternoon. That was awfully impressive to me considering they were only open from 12-5 that day. I was very excited to see do many folks supporting craft beer on LI. I hope GSB and other craft breweries can continue to garnish such support on the island!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,9/26/2014,232,277,5,11,8>Is there anything better than starting off the day with a hearty, delicious brunch?  I think not!  We came here around 8:30 on Saturday and there was no wait since it was a bit early for most.  By the time we were ready to leave, the place was definitely packed with a few people waiting by the door.  So if you don't want to wait get there early... Anyway, we ordered promptly.  Coffee, peach pancakes, corned beef hash platter, and Mexican omelet.  My corned beef wasn't the mush from a can; it was the real deal.  The home fries/potatoes were seasoned perfectly and crispy on the outside and moist on the inside.  Definitely one of the better home fries out there.  All topped with the perfectly cooked over and easy eggs.  I had a taste of the pancakes and they were fluffy and the peach topping was fresh.  This is definitely a brunch place worth going to, especially if you're in the area.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,9/25/2014,375,757,2,8,5>Danny's Kitchen is not your typical Chinese take-out joint. Yes, the food is Americanized but it tastes like real food. My boyfriend and I have tried several things from here just within the past week. It's our go-to takeout place. We've had chicken and broccoli, ribs, and sesame chicken. The egg rolls are the best I've ever had. All the rice is good but especially the fried rice. What separates Danny's Kitchen from other Chinese restaurants is that the food is not greasy and over-fried. I'm not saying its necessarily healthy, but for Chinese food-it's as fresh as it gets. The portions and prices are standard.They also have an awesome online ordering system that gives you tons of options and always works. You can specify your order down to the type of sauce you want on your dish. The garlic sauce is my favorite. They'll even deliver to your train stop...which is pretty awesome if you're in a rush. The actual restaurant is clean and has a few tables if you want/need to eat there.If you're looking for great, convenient Chinese take-out, look no further.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,9/24/2014,69,200,5,9,7>Is Burger-gedeon a thing?  If not it should be.  Long Island burger joints should be on notice.  There is new upstart on the market and he is packing some serious meat.  Situated in the new shopping center next to the Mount Siani heritage diner and threateningly close to the Inferno Roadside Grill burger truck this could be my new favorite burger.  This is first trip review, but our first experience will be hard to beat.  I had the Mount Siani with two patties.  My colleague took Elmont with an extra patty.  To start the bun is toasted, but still soft to the touch.  You can feel the crisp inside of the bun with each bite but you don't get any of the extra crumbs from having the top of the bun toasted.    Then they put a little butter on bun.  You wouldn't think this make a big difference but it really does.The burgers were cooked perfectly medium.  I don't recall if they asked us for a temperature but these were perfect for me.  Rare enough to be juicy but not so underdone that the fat didn't render from the mead and you get a big glob of raw meat in the middle.   All of the toppings were good and the jalapenos in every bite kicked up the temp just the right amount.  I would like to add a little more heat in the way of a tangy BBQ sauce, but there is nothing wrong with the way it comes.We shared one regular side of fries.  I recommend you do the same it's a large portion.  These have just enough of a cajun like spice to make them interesting but not drowned in the spice.  There are at least "five other guys"  who could learn to improve their cajun fries in this way.  This is a serious burger joint.  Price is about the same as any gourmet burger place.  Two tiny gripes, they don't take AMEX, again this is a tiny issue just an inconvenience for me.  The second one is the chairs.  Not really the chairs so much as the combination  of the chairs and the concrete floors.  The chairs are heavy and sturdy.  So much so that you'll drag them across the floor as opposed to lifting them.  We did this when the place was mostly empty and it made one heck of a racket.  When the place gets full it's gonna be awfully noisy if this is not addressed.  I recommend some of those soft pads that the put on the bottom of furniture legs.The gauntlet has been thrown down.  I know at least three nearby burger joints that have some catching up to do.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,9/23/2014,123,466,1,5,5>I don't know how I haven't reviewed Plancha yet, since I love it here. Absolutely wonderful place. I used to go to Salumi, but when I found out Plancha was opening 20 minutes from me, I couldn't wait to check it out!I've been here twice (once in December, and recently in May), and both times have been super satisfying. The wine is decently priced, and the food on the menu is so good. We got a meat board (I wish there had been a bit more jamon serrano on there, though), patatas bravas, the bocadillo ... let's just say everything was delicious. The service is spot on. They don't bother you excessively, and they come over exactly when you need them to. It's never super crowded here, and I tend to like the crowd -- families, older couples, young folks -- who all have one goal: enjoying tapas, fine wine, and just relaxing. I will keep coming back!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,9/22/2014,46,136,3,7,9>This is a great new addition to the Babylon Village area. It has a classy brick and wood look, like you would see in Brooklyn. It just opened a couple of weeks ago. There are 24 beers on tap, not to mention bottled beers and a full bar. The food menu has starters and entrees, with the plan to add more options as they grow. I had the Village Wings and they were excellent. They cut the chicken into cubes and bread them. Mine were buffalo because that's my favorite, but they also have BBQ and teriyaki. The buffalo was the right level of hotness for my liking. Among their many beers are two originals, the Villager Blonde and The Villager Dark. I love dark/ambers so I tried that first and was not disappointed. It was tasty and very smooth. Then I tried the blonde, which I usually find to be too light. This was not too light and had a decent flavor. I highly recommend this quaint new place.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,9/21/2014,72,191,8,35,15>Formerly The Artful Dodger/Radio, P's and Q's Autobody is a newly re-concepted concept Speakeasy Bar redone by one of the industries best nightlife and bar consultants.Once upon a time when I first moving to Huntington, someone mentioned to me that you never go to The Artful Dodger unless you want to be taken out in handcuffs or on a stretcher.  I had the unfortunate opportunity to visit the "old" place.  No need to rehash the past but I barely lasted an hour each time. It was a dark, dank environment,  which was overflowing with guys and girls who were barely 21, most whom were way past over-served,living out a club fantasy in the bar that served cocktails that you could possibly enjoy if you had no tastebuds.  If you were over the age of 25, you were probably viewed as a senior citizen to most of the patrons and the bartenders were less than gracious.Fast Forward to Now:  My husband and I made sure we checked out the place the day after it opened.  We wanted to try cocktails that were redone and on point and see the bar the way it was redesigned.  I was a little hesitant at first, to a passerby it looks like an auto body shop.  When we got to the door, the bouncers out front were very nice and we were welcomed to the "speakeasy", you push your way through a disney world type door that looks like the face of an autoshop and are transformed into an old word speakeasy.  Brilliant and honestly, pretty cool.  The bar is completely redone, with the bottles on beautiful wood shelves, cool lamps everywhere and bar stools (something that was lacking before).  You can find pretty awesome old-timey lounge couches scattered around and a piano in the back (which hopefully they will have someone play).We were greeted right away by the bartender Brittany, who was super nice and attentive.  The cocktail list was great featuring whiskey and gin drinks.  I particularly HATE gin and whiskey so when I saw this on the cocktail list I kind of poo pooed it but decided to try it, it's not everyday you get to try a cocktail designed by one of the best bartenders in the world.  I tried the French 33 and PQ Ginger.  UM DELICIOUS.  Our drinks were consistent and made perfectly.  They weren't too weak or too strong.  The flavors complimented each other in such a way that I didn't even notice I was drinking something I am not a number one fan of.  Cocktails were $12.25 each, pretty reasonable for a well made drink. The crowd started getting a little younger the later we stayed and a little more, well cocky, club-goerish.... It seemed like they were there for what the place used to be, it seemed like they'd come in and then leave which was fine by me.   After all, it was only their second night open so I'm sure everyone needs time to adjust and get used to being something new. Had some nice talks with the bartender, and another worker Brian, who were super nice and seem onboard with cleaning the place up and keeping up with the concept.  Definitely a place I'll be coming back to.  One of the coolest bars with some of the best cocktails in Huntington, I can say for sure.  Hope it stays!  Great job guys.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/20/2014,140,197,4,5,4>Authentic Pakistani food outside of Pakistan is usually a hit or a miss.  Forget what you know from any other Pakistani restaurants be it in Jackson Heights or any other South Asian street in the US.  This place is THE PLACE for authentic food that will leave you licking your fingers long after.  Outside of Pakistan, one thing that has not been perfectly reproduced is the Roghini Naan (a traditional naan given a buttery glaze, called here Butter Naan) until now.  Lazzat has done it flawlessly.  I only discovered this hidden gem because after not one but a handful kept telling me "you haven't had real food" till you've experienced LAZZAT..!  I was really stumped by it as I had never heard of it, so I made it a point to go find this so-called Pakistani food Haven.  Their appearance is not flashy and I am glad that they've put all their effort in bringing the US audience the amazing food of Pakistan, which truly one has to experience themselves as it truly is unique and an experience not to be missed in one's lifetime.  All of their dishes come with either a choice of naan or rice so that already is a plus for this place..!  Their menu is big and goes deep as it covers pretty much all the traditional food options from all corners of Pakistan.  Since we were having guests over this day, the food we decided to pick up multiple orders that included the meat samosa, chicken malai kabab, tandoori mixed grill platter, chicken seekh kabab, chicken shahi korma, chicken vindaloo, achar gosht, butter naans and plain naans.The food was prepped to near perfection as the meats were tender and the dishes were not floating in oil.  The ingredients were fresh and the individual exotic spices stood out.  The guests and the family were all left in awe of the amazing food and truly this place far exceeded the high expectations we had after hearing so many rave reviews.  This is the only option for the best Pakistani food close to being authentic not only in NY but perhaps outside of pakistan...
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,9/19/2014,35,132,6,5,4>My first visit to TJ McBrews put me on sensory overload.  The shop is small, but carries a fantastic selection.  The focal point is the wall of taps.  Amazing that a shop with such minimal square footage can provide a selection of tap beers so tremendous and diverse.  Not exactly sure, but I am certain they stock at least 30 tap beers.  They fill 32 oz. and 64 oz. growlers.  You can either purchase one in store, or bring your own.  The owner-operator was incredibly patient with helping me narrow down my selections.  He was focused on customer service and all but insisted that I sample a few before I made my choices.  This guy is proud to offer this vast array of beers.  From commercially available "high-end" beers, to micro-brews, both local and from afar, this place has a beer for everyone.  The owner boasted that he carefully selects his tap beers, and that some fly out of the shop in no time.  Kicking a keg in less than a day in such a small community shows that TJ McBrews is constantly taking the pulse of its customers and delivering what they want.  I brought my own growlers, one small and one large.  We tried the non-alcoholic tap root beer and a Summer Shandy.  Once home, they did not last long - both were incredible.  If you have never tasted tap root beer, you must.  You will never look at a bottle or can of root beer the same way afterward.  I'm looking forward to frequenting this place.  It's a local a mom and pop shop - they also own the wine/liquor store next door.  TJ McBrews is a store that I'm looking forward to visiting regularly.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,9/18/2014,67,123,6,7,5>Sunday brunch review: My girlfriend & I had a smoothie in the morning when we woke up (this is relevant to the review - I swear) Got ready, drove 45 minutes to get there, & fully prepared to wait for a table.  Wait was 40 min.  No big deal- we were in no rush.  Got sat around 12:35.  Food didn't come until 1:45.  Moral of this story?  Don't come here STARVING or you just might pass out.  I could see some hungry/angry patrons at the tables around me.   Thank god for that smoothie.  The food? Amazing.  Their eggs are on steroids.  Fluffy and perfect.  PERFECT.  The biscuits and gravy melted in your mouth.  The potatoes were crispy and well seasoned.  My girlfriends omelette with goat cheese and veggies was delicious.  COMPLETELY made up for the slow service.  Didn't try any pancakes but my friend tells me the banana peanut butter ones are awesome.  I highly suggest brunch, but be ready to wait.  Don't come here and expect to be seated right away unless you come as soon as they open, or after 2 when the brunch crowd dies down.   We stepped inside this place at 12 & didn't leave until 2:30.  Parking does suck, but let's be honest, are you not gonna come here just because the parking sucks?  OH .. One last thing.  They kind of have this "no substitutions" rule on the menu.  So I really don't suggest you come here if you are one of those annoying people at a restaurant that makes modifications.  Or if you are on a diet.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,9/17/2014,104,200,5,5,4>Tapas, paella, Spanish wine and flan- oh my!Did not know that this wonderful Spanish restaurant was there and so glad our dear friends found it.We had a reservation at 7:30 and sat right down on a busy Friday night. The decor is very inviting with white table cloth covered and well spaced tables. Staff was extremely hospitable and accommodating with a table change we requested early on.  Our waitress Patricia was amazing!  A warm and always smiling Spaniard who recommended a delicious Galician wine which we of course had 2! See picture and try this white wine with a slight sparkle to it.  Tapas were great and brought me back quickly to my trips to Spain. Bacon wrapped dates with an almond in the middle-5 stars! Tortilla Espanola was very good with small chunks of soft potato and a few peppers thrown in for fun! And if course some Serrano Jamon and Manchego to make it authentic (pata Negra would be a nice addition, just saying).The paella was delicious with scallops, clams, shrimp, chorizo and more!  For dessert,wonderful flan and a flaming creme brûlée.  Be back soon!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,9/16/2014,11,27,5,10,6>I work in the direct vicinity of this place and have been hearing reviews from literally EVERYONE, albeit mixed verdicts.  Perhaps you, too, are confused by the contradicting opinions that seem to be flying like seagulls around a dumpster... allow me to put a pin in it and make an executive fat-kid proclamation:  YOU WANT TO EAT HERE.I've been here twice in the past in the past two weeks; once for lunch and once for breakfast. The first thing that strikes you is the décor, both inside and out.  The huge neon sign, the shiny metal flashing, and the checkered tile... this placed in decked out the traditional diner glory.  The theme is continued inside, but it takes a second or third glance to notice the differences between this place and the run-of-the-mill grease-pot diner.  The whole inside of the restaurant is fitted in retro 1950's/60's design: copper/mustard/avocado/goldenrod color scheme, brushed chrome light fixtures in starburst-esque shapes, thickly stitched vinyl booths... but everything seems... new?  Maybe better than new? Maybe perfectly preserved vintage?  Its obviously higher quality, non-Ikea, very well-thought-out materials that pull together in a seamless (flawless?!) execution of a high-end experience in average sheep's clothing.Two weeks ago, I popped in around noon for lunch.  I ordered the chicken dumplings over cashew quinoa to start: crispy and light dough on the outside, moist and succulent chicken on the inside, served over perfect quinoa. Entrée was a house-made veggie burger (no bun) with sweet potato fries.  Hands down, one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had, but not for someone who is looking for an almost-meat type burger.  I could identify what I think is spinach, quinoa, carrots and maybe chickpeas in the patty; super moist and flavorful, especially with the garlicky house-made hummus and pickles on top. This morning, I stopped in for a second visit and arrived just in time to catch the end of breakfast.  I ordered The Healthy Omelette with a side of turkey bacon and an order of 'mixed melon'.  When my food arrived, I was just flabbergasted by the quality and amount of what I was served... the eggwhite omelette was HUGE and stuffed with fresh spinach, grape tomatoes, roasted turkey, and garlic.  Four enormous and perfectly crispy strips of turkey bacon sat beside wheat toast and house-made Valencia orange jam. The side of hash browns with bits of red pepper and onion are quite tasty, but just a tad raw.  Every single morsel screams "FRESH!" and, really, you just don't get that very much in this neighborhood.  But what really impressed me more than anything was the seemingly innocuous 'mixed melon'... what arrived at the table was not even melon, which at first made me wonder if my order had been messed up.  What I got was about two cups of utterly blissful blackberries, strawberries, red grapes, blueberries, and pared orange sections... I am telling you that every single bite was just perfectly fresh, high-quality produce that BLEW MY SOCKS OFF for $6.50 (which is about what a quart of organic blackberries costs at the store). It is the raw produce, the wholesome roasted turkey bits in my eggs, and the stunning orange jam that cement this place as a diamond in an intentional rough.I also ordered an order of chicken fried chicken francaise with matzo ball soup and coleslaw for my husband at home. Juicy, crunchy fried chicken with an enormous portion of mashed potatoes and lemony, buttery sauce.  He was a happy camper, to say the leastClosing notes:-bring your appetite and your palette... this is not your average diner. this is a fresh-food lover's haven, not a grease trap.-bring an open mind. there is a lot of modern cuisine going on with this menu. respect the menu. respect that there is a real chef in this kitchen. do not ask why they don't have egg salad (as I watched one guest do) or why they don't serve canned tuna (as I watched another guest do).-bring your wallet. quality isn't cheap, but this place is absolutely fairly priced for what will grace your plate.-bring your friends. let's make sure this gem stays open/successful! we need this place!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,9/15/2014,194,165,6,9,7>This Location is a Pizzeria / restaurant they have a nice area to sit and have dinner.  Decor- when you walk in they have a nice bar to the left where you can sit and have something to eat as well.  the hostess is located right after the bar, then the dining area i would say like 10-13 tables spaced out nicely. the decor could use some updating... i came on a sunday the place was not very busy, i was greeted by a hostess and she seated us immediatly. Food- when the waiter came over and took our drink order he made us laugh because he brought with him a  huge white board with the specials written on it and he did that for all the other tables, then they had a pre fixed special inside the menu as well which was done on a PC. didnt understand why they wouldn't put them all together on one page inside the menu...So anyway i was going to order fried calamari because the menu said it was fresh. when the waiter came i asked if it was in fact fresh,  and he stated fresh out the freezer!  i started to laugh again!! so no calamari for me.  so i opted for the chicken parm with linguini with garlic and oil and the wife had eggplant rollatini.  while we waited they brought over some garlic knots with marinara sauce for dipping.  That was nice and warm and the sauce was pretty good.  when the meal arrived i have to say it surprised me pasta was al dente and chicken was tender and had some good flavor, sauce as well...Portion was pretty good. My wife had no complaints about her meal as well, thats always good.lol...the hostess was very accomadating and eager to make sure we had a nice dining experience.  Overall - i would return again and hope they have fresh calamari next time and please take my suggestion about getting rid of the board or just leave it at the entrance before someone gets hurt...also i was somewhat confused it seems like you want to be a fine gourmet dining. i think your almost there.  Customer service -  Wait staff and the hostess were very pleasant and i like that the waiter was honest and didnt try to BS me.... so keep up the good work. thanks for having us...
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,9/14/2014,399,1359,7,4,7>Listen, it takes a huge pair of Cojones to open another ice cream franchise across from Ben & Jerrys.  Who doesn't love Cherry Garcia??I went to Kilwins, just for an exploratory mission. I wanted to see if there was something I'm missing? Kilwins opened in Babylon and now Huntington Village. What's next, Sayville? I'm begging you Kilwins, come to Port Jefferson Village. I have the perfect spot!!Anyhoo, we walked in and wanted to try their ice cream. We started to look around. Candy apples? Chocolates? Caramel Corns? Wait a second.. This isn't a typical ice cream store. Here is a snippet from their website:Our assorted chocolates are still hand-crafted in our kitchen in Petoskey, MI, using the same recipes developed by Don Kilwin and we still use only the very finest chocolates and other ingredients.That my yelp friends is crazy!This new locations is a fun place. Its very busy with lots of local folks looking to sample flavors like Banana Pudding, Traverse City Cherry, Georgia Peach, Birthday Cake, Pistachio, Superman, and Blueberry Waffle Cone. My choice was Turtle Shell :)Amazing! They have a few picnic tables out back that we took our yummy treats and ate outside on this nice summer night.So there is another ice cream parlor in Huntington Village. Is there room for another one? Well there is also a few pizza places in the area as well. It all depends on your appetite. I'll meet you anytime you want, in our new Long Island Ice Cream Restaurant..
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,9/13/2014,78,161,4,6,4>Cute little place to go for a tasty dim sum meal.LOCATION: right off 347 by Kumo japanese restaraunt and lowe's movie theater.DECOR: very tiny place, there is seating inside but its very cramped and casual.FOOD: ordered Thai iced tea which was orange and looked nasty but actually tasted really good haha. For food we ordered the veggie/pork pot stickers, soup dumblings with crab meat inside, spring rolls, and flat egg noodles with chicken. Food came out very quickly and everything was very hot. Spring rolls were light and crispy, dumplings had a generous amount of meat in them, the flat noodles and chicken was a big portion and delicious! And the crab soup dumblings were a nice treat. All very tasty, I was very full and satisfied after all that food. Bill came to $31, split it between me and my friend.SERVICE: average service, very quick with bringing out your food.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,9/12/2014,13,40,4,9,7>The fact that my boyfriend and I travel about 40 minutes from Nassau County, where there are two vets within 5 minutes from our house, says a lot about the quality of the care our dogs receive from Dr. Caporaso and his staff.   The small waiting room in this office is more like a meet and greet area for both pet owners and their pets, as well as the office's own furry residents.   Unlike other vets we have been to, the staff seems to really like animals; they always have one or two at the front desk, and are always petting them, eager to tell us about each one.   In more than one occasion, I have seen the huge crate on the corner housing kittens, mostly dropped off by local residents, looking for their forever home.  The community board on the other side of the waiting room serves as a place to post signs for lost and found animals, and is something I always gravitate to each visit.  I will never forget the first time we came to Dr. Caporaso's office:  the day we came to terms that our 14-year old Jack Russell's journey was about to reach its end.  We called the office before they were scheduled to open, and Dr. Caporaso answered.   After explaining the situation to him, he told us to come in immediately.  We arrived at the office, and started to check in.  Dr. Caporaso happened to just walk by, and before we could even say our names, much less complete our paperwork, he opened the door to one of the exam room's doors, and despite all the others waiting, ushered us in.  He gave us a few minutes to say our final goodbye, then showed us out, saying that he would send us the bill.   Really?  What kind of vet does that?  He didn't know us at all, and there he was, trying to make things a little easier on us, showing us that not all vets are there for the money.   That was something new to us (we paid anyway), and that act of compassion really made a big difference in the decision to bring all of our pets to him from then on.   That was three years ago.  To this day, we still bring our pets to his office.   We recently rescued a puppy, and although the organization insisted that he was checked by their vet, we decided to bring him in for a visit anyway.   As usual, Dr. Caporaso and his staff took care of him, and get this:  because he was a rescue, the visit was free.  Dr. Caporaso is truly amazing.   Having a new puppy requires that we visit his office at least once a month, during the first year, just to keep up with his shots, and despite the 40-minute drive, the quality of care our pets receive is sooooo worth it.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,9/11/2014,66,269,1,6,4>The exterior of the restaurant (and all the businesses in this strip mall) is currently being renovated.  However, Sufiya's interior is clean, inviting, and tastefully decorated.  My husband and I have eaten there several times, but after getting takeout last night, I finally remembered to write a review.  I love Mediterranean food, but my hubby doesn't really care for it.  So, I picked up a falafel sandwich for him--and he said it was the best he's ever had.  Win!  I had the babaganoush appetizer, which was smoky and creamy and delicious, followed by the chicken with pita, which was tender and juicy and well-seasoned.  My only complaint would be that the yogurt sauce is much thinner than you would expect.  Perhaps that is Persian style and I'm just used to a thicker Greek tzatziki sauce.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/10/2014,477,177,5,5,6>Let me just start out by saying that the decor and ambiance is quite lovely, simplistic, and modern. The bartenders make a mean watermelon martini that was amazing!! I have had watermelon martinis before but nothing compared to this one by far. I ordered tilapia stuffed with scallops and shrimp in a lemon butter caper sauce and it was served with sauteed chopped zucchini and tomatoes and whipped mashed potatoes. Of course, one can always choose a healthier option and go with rice or couscous, but I was really in the mood to have mashed potatoes in the worst way. The fish was incredibly moist and was truly cooked to perfection and the sauce complimented the fish in a stupendous way. I had a Caesar salad to start for an additional $3 and it was quite good. Upon first sitting down, the server, Tiffany greeted me warmly and immediately. She brought a fresh loaf of bread right over accompanied with a side of oil and herbs. Tiffany offered various suggestions and answered all of my questions knowledgeably and friendly. Tiffany anticipated all of my needs and brought me everything I needed before I even know that I needed or wanted something. I also noticed that she helped all of the servers in the restaurant and I could tell that there was a real sense of a "team" in the restaurant. I was quite impressed overall and I will most certainly be going back in the near future to sit in Tiffany's section to have another awesome experience.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/9/2014,140,122,3,10,9>Ten stars worthy!! after several visits. ( customer service, rocks)This was a deli years ago, and a few months back while going into Reisterer's Bakery ( next door) i noticed it was open and  now called Avenue Deli. The next weekend my Son's and I stopped in for some sandwiches to give them a try.1. CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! Every man behind the counter is extremely polite, personable, and professional.  2.The place is spotlessly clean!- and there are several two-top tables set up so patrons can enjoy their food there. ( Not fancy or trendy by any means- standard deli)3. The food.  extensive sandwich menu & everything in the deli case looks fresh and appetizing. We have now had breakfast sandwiches as well as lunch sandwiches from this deli,  and have loved every one of them.4. decent price point. lunch sandwiches come with either pickle or choice of  potato,  mac or slaw.5. Love that they use strong brown paper bags instead of plastic.You guys are a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!   keep up the great work!!Thank you for being above Par!rock on gentlemen ;)
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,9/8/2014,114,108,4,3,5>Surprise birthday subday brunch for my parents a few weeks ago. It was great! SO much....So little stomach space! Lol first off, pleas invest in a signal booster or have writter/printed directions with you in the car because cell phone service in these neck of the woods is scarce. But then there's the view....Oh the view! We were seated at the window in the back facing the water. The staff were so accomodating because people kept showing up for our reservation. I thought it would be a problem, but I guess not (Although I wouldnt advise having surprise guests)! I could hardly finish my second round at the buffet. Plus, the Unlimited Mimosas made the experience extra perky ;) The hot Italian cuisine was great, the Lox were Amazing! And the bagels were so good! The french toast & pancakes were dry & disappointing, but I saved that space for dessert! HELLO CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN!!! I think I dipped everything but a whole slice of cake in there! LOL My only other negative is the music selection...it could put a young girl to sleep! Liven it up a bit guys! Anyhoo, We all enjoyed our time at Lombardi's. Cannot wait to enjoy Sunday Brunch once again!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,9/7/2014,90,119,6,12,8>A solid 4 stars for Toast & Co.  I've been here now 3x but this is my first time checking in and taking pictures.It looked like it was bustling inside & outside and sure to be a wait and much to our surprise there wasn't. How nice is that?! I guess we caught them at coming off the peak time.What can I say? They've got a huge menu sure to please anyone's palate from eggs to salads to paninis to mac and cheese for the kiddies. You name it they got it.Today I had the biscuit benedict. It was pretty yummy. Only bummer is that the hollandaise sauce was a little thin and the "home fries" needed some work. Though I did love the fact I had some sweet potatoes in the home fries.No doubt I will be back since the service and food is pretty damn good if I do say so myself.PS - The inside has a nice dinery / retro chic feel to it.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,9/6/2014,273,306,7,9,6>I'm currently in a stage of my life where I want to eat everything in taco form. Last week I went to 3 different taco places. This was the second place I visited. I came in wanting some sort of variation of a soft taco. I was immediately greeted by the 4 or so people standing behind the counter. I took a moment to scope the menu and then decided on 2 pulled pork tacos. The guy who was helping me told me to add the barbecue sauce to the taco because it went well with the pork, so I took his advice and added shredded lettuce and cheese as well. I realized when I got home that they really stuffed these tacos. There was a large amount of pork and cheese and an excessive amount of lettuce. So I removed some and kept on eating. They also added a little too much sauce but it tasted good so it didn't really matter. The price to quantity ratio is really good. I wasn't crazy about the setup of this place.The line starts right when you open the door. It's a little confusing. But other than that there were tons of options, the place was clean, and it was pretty cheap. I now understand why people frequent this place so much.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,9/5/2014,117,113,7,7,7>Patchogue is a beer drinkers town. While every single bar on Main St carries an impressive assortment of craft and local brews, nobody does it quite like Hoptron. Upon entering, you'll notice the few tables for small groups near the entrance (as well as the comfiest chairs in the house).  The long standing-bar can accommodate crowds quickly, and the digital displays of what's currently being offered on tap give info beer geeks crave (including the origin of the brew, the style, ABV, IBU, general color, and even how much is left in the keg!) in order to cater to whatever theme you'd like in your flight if you so desire. There are typically about 16 beers to choose from, and they range from the more well-known breweries to more esoteric or newer players in the game. This rotation changes as each keg is kicked, so you're likely to see a different beer each day - and every few days it's a whole new lineup!The staff are SO friendly and knowledgable that it's clear they love their beer and want you to get the most out of your experience as well.  I was there once trying to figure out what exactly a "Rauchbier" was, and the beertender explained how it was made with barley that's smoked over an open flame - that usually some companies will just add smoke flavoring, but this was the real deal: and it tasted like a freakin' campfire in all the best ways!Further in, you'll spot a great painting of Long Island with stickers for all the breweries that are popping up like mushrooms after a week of rain. There are some high tables there with stools that are great for small groups. The back of the place sports some huge community tables and benches, along with a full wall of bottles for sale (mix & match 6-pack?  Yes please!!) and another double cooler full of cans. They feature a special "Bomber of the Week" that's a buy-1 get 2nd half off on particular 22oz bottles, and you can buy 64oz growlers as well as baby jugs of anything on tap. There's a small menu of pretty decent pub food, featuring cheeses (from American Cheese in Sayville), pretzels with special dipping sauces, flatbreads, panini, bratwurst, and flavored popcorn. I've only had the popcorn, and you can definitely taste the rosemary and black pepper they season it with. Check the website for their events - specials on flights vary per night - they also sponsor a running club, and have live music on Friday and Saturday. Closed Monday. Sláinte!!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/4/2014,425,101,4,5,5>For those college students nearby that are craving for authentic Chinese cuisine without having to drive an hour to Flushing or Bayside, this is the place to go!! After only coming here once, I can say that the food here is almost orgasmic after living on the commuter booths in the Main library for almost two weeks and having to stick to mediocre overly priced foodfare in the SAC or Union. My friend B* ordered a spicy beef soup, that wasn't as spicy as I thought. If *I* could handle the spice, I guess they should have added a few more pepper flakes. She enjoyed her bowl though. 3.5/5 bit.ly/1gxSgAIThen I ordered some of the best fried dumplings I've ever had. I could just be saying that because I did not eat that whole day. The dumplings satisfied my craving for hot, juicy meat encased in a not-so-doughy skin and then fried to perfection. They were so crispy...and then when I bit into one, the juice kind of just ran out....*drooool* Even the soy sauce that came with it, paired perfectly! It was sweet but not too sweet. Gosh, I was SO excited to find out that they had my favorite herbal drink that I guzzled down in my childhood days. So I guess there's a bit of nostalgia infused in this experience. #throwback 5/5bit.ly/TR2oL3I ordered fried pork noodle soup, which the waitress/cashier lady recommended. This order was worth every penny. The fried pork came on the side (understandable since it's fried and if it was in the soup, it would turn into a soggy mess). That was-hands down- the most delicious, hearty, and foodgasmic pork I had in ages. I would cut a few bite-sized pieces and then eat it with my flat noodles and bok choy broth. I will assume that the broth was purposely bland. If not, they really could have upped the flavor profiles for both mine and B*'s broths. 4.5/5bit.ly/1rdDwvsThis was satisfying food with an equally satisfying tab.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,9/3/2014,84,128,2,6,5>I didn't think a personal trainer would be for me, but I am SO happy I chose Steel Fitness to test the waters! The space is the perfect size for training someone like me, who is intimidated by large gyms and "meatheads" lol. The trainers are knowledgable and don't pressure you, but they will definitely push you to work out in the best way possible. The staff is SUPER nice and the place really feels like a community, they know you by name and always greet you with a smile. The prices for the training packages can't be beat - you pay for the trainer, but you can come in and use the cardio equipment any day of the week as well! So it basically becomes your personal gym as well.I have recommended this place to so many friends and family. If you're looking to invest in your health, this is the place to do it!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,9/2/2014,140,162,3,7,6>We heart Horace and Sylvia's. Our nickname for it is "Horace and Sylvie's" I don't know why, just sort of came about one day. Since moving to the area, we have been here several times. And when people come to visit, this is usually where we bring them. This spot can't be beat for their lunch specials if you're dining in. You can choose from a huge list of items that'll cost you between $7-$10. We have had the burgers, buffalo chicken wrap, turkey burger, salads...the list goes on and on. All have been very good, very tasty. They do boast that all of their food is house-made. However, when I asked about the veggie burger, I was told that this is the only item that isn't. My suggestion to H&S is that they create a house veggie burger. The only other caveat is that they up-charge for changing out the standard French fry side to something healthier, like asparagus. This will run you $2.50, and honestly - for almost three bucks I was hoping for something more that six small asparagus spears. They should double up on that serving. The service has always been pretty good, always friendly. In the many times we have been here, they did forget an app once - the mozzarella sticks that I was soooooo looking forward to trying. Was with the 'rents and family, and they offered to bring it out...but we had already finished eating and were onto dessert. Well, my nephew was anyway - kids meals comes with a sundae! Which are made to be sharing with your Auntie Mandi! Sad face, we will have to order them another time. If you come here looking for a drink, and are partial to beer - expect them to just hand you a list if you ask "What do you have on tap?" because they have a lot...and it changes fairly often. And they'll gladly let you sample anything you'd like. The bar area is nice, complete with comfy chairs and a fireplace which is awesome in the colder months to cozy up to.  At each table/booth they have a little list of all the specials they have throughout the week, so definitely worth coming in here to check it out. They also recently posted a deal to Living Social, which we cashed in on last week. I got the salmon - it was pretty good, and something I'd definitely get again if it were on a special/promotional night (usual price - $22). Cute place in the village to grab a drink and a lunch bite.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,9/1/2014,287,356,4,5,6>While most of my days at RVC are spent in Kasey's, McFadden's (RIP), Stingers, and  Cabo, I think I will demand our outings to go to Blackthorn's. From their medieval times inspired facade to their insanely spacious bar area, Blackthorn's offers the best of both worlds. Earlier in the night it is a low-key dive bar, where conversation is flowing and drinks are pouring. They have great deals such as two-fers. At around 11, the lights are dimmed, the music changes, and the volume increases pumping out great dance tracks. The bar area is massive and to order food or a drink there is very little elbowing and squeezing to get to the bar. The bartender were fantastic and entertaining. My group had our own stand table and so many other bars should follow suit on that.They would have gotten a full five stars, but a star had to be docked for the deplorable state of their bathroom. The floor was wet, it smelled awful, very cramped, and only two working stalls. With a bar with such a high volume of people in it, it should really be reinvested. I had their pretzel bites which were really good. I wasn't wowed by the cheese dipping sauce, but the homemade spicy mustard was divine. I had a couple steak fries from my friends plates and those were damn good as well. It paired very well with my tall glass of Guiness.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,8/31/2014,285,275,4,8,3>Why should the city get all the fun?  I'm very excited that DryBar has come to Long Island.  Before getting a blowout here, I have previously gone to other blowout bars and had mixed feelings about them.  My first experience, out in California, was not so great.  The next few were a little better.  But upon going to DryBar, I realized that these ladies know what they're doing.  From start to finish, during the 3 times I've been here, the service has always been fantastic.  And the actual blowout is pretty awesome, considering I get my hair done, drink champagne, and watch movies.  Not a bad way to pamper yourself.  The stylists also gave me great tips on how to extend the life of my blowout.  The products and tools they use are also great and worth checking out (I personally use the shampoo, conditioner, sea salt spray, and dry shampoo at home).  This is certainly $40 well-spent.  Highly recommended!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,8/30/2014,182,171,3,6,7>This is a hidden gem, a diamond in the rough! This pizzeria has been serving the community for 40 years. I saw a delivery car in the area and decided to call for take out, I can't stop calling, the food is that great. Antipasto salad great, Chicken roll, Sausage roll great, the best entree so far is the Veal Sorrentino Pizzaiola what a freak-en great sauce. Everything I have tried so far is better than the last. Delivery is fast and the food is steaming hot.Thank you Little Joe, whom ever you are.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,8/29/2014,101,204,3,6,4>We were in the mood for a good burger and a cold beer, and a quality place is hard to find.  We looked at the competitors in the Best burger contest and saw this place was in the running, so we visited.  First of all, I would never have known this place was here-it is a cool brick building and you could pass it easily.  We were seated quickly and the ambiance was reminiscent of a Brooklyn setting-kind of industrial, but chic.  The waiter greeted us, and since it was a brewery as well-we wanted to try all of their beers.  There was no sampler on the menu, but he said although it is not on the menu, choose 5 beers and he will serve them.  The beers were great! My favorite was their IPA.  Then, the Caesar salad arrived; light, cripsy and tasty.  However-the shining star as I hoped was the Steakhouse burger. Wowza.  The bun wasn't the slightest bit wet-but the burger was so juicy and delicious.  The combination of onions-blue cheese and magnificent meat created a party with every bite! Seriously-this was the best burger I have had in a long time.  I HIGHLY recommend this burger! Also, the fries were awesome.  Will definitely go back-and have already told many friends to check it out.  Kudos for getting a burger right.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,8/28/2014,169,309,3,7,7>This is Long Island.It seems that so many of my much loved 24 hour Suffolk establishments are diminishing. From Starbucks to grocery stores to that one quirky laundromat I grew up near, hours are getting slashed. This bagel shop remains and stays strong throughout. While enjoying a brew at the nearby tap and barrel I ended up getting a little hungry. Thinking for a second I realized we were in the same shopping center of the 24hr bagel place. My mind instantly ran through all the possibilities. Everything with butter? Lox on an egg bagel with cream cheese? It all sounded delicious but I ended up settling on a cinnamon raisin with cream cheese. I asked for it toasted but the guy behind the counter cheerfully told me they just came out of the oven 30 mins ago. Seriously? Man, I was in carb Heaven at that moment. Our bagels arrived with the oh so typical overly generous portion of cream cheese (which I took half off) in a brown paper bag filled with napkins. My bagel was most enjoyable, especially after a drink and the random craving. For being so fresh I expected it to be a litttttle softer but hey, I'm not going to complain. Prices were good, plus they offer a commuter special if you are there in the AM hours.Get your 10pm breakfast craving satisfied here.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/27/2014,29,45,4,5,4>I went here for their $20 all you can eat deal.  Our server was awesome he was calm and helpful with my many questions about what certain things are and also recommended some great items.  When you order food you feel like you would get really full because of the rice you're consuming, but it was the opposite for me. I just kept eating and eating.  I will suggest that if you do come here just do the all you can eat it's the best deal because basically the whole menu is included.  The only things that are not included are the desserts and drinks. Either way it was AWESOME just depends on the server you get.  The first time I went the server was a beast, he was on point with everything, as well as his suggestion and he also made sure we always had food on the table.  The second time the waiter looked a bit bothered by us mainly cause one of the people in our group was asking rhetorical questions that we had given him the answer to already.  The second server also didn't visit our table as often as the first to make sure everything was ok.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,8/26/2014,142,194,6,6,4>My boyfriend needed to get a haircut.  He is from Queens and is very partial to his barber shops, so convincing him to go elsewhere was a little struggle.  My boyfriend is the type that likes to be pampered.  He wanted a shape up, a haircut and to be shaved with the straight edge.  we walked in there at 430  and the place closes at 5 so i was a little concerned that the barber was going to rush through it.  Marco the barber didn't he took his time. we did not get out of the place until almost 530.  the place was very clean the inside had some new fixtures open and airy.  Don't let the curb appeal fool you. its about finding someone who takes their time and enjoys their work and how to make sure the customer leaves happy.!Let's just say my queens boy is finding more Long Island places that suite his needs!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/25/2014,102,354,6,6,7>I had a really awesome experience with this place. I was driving around with the family and the dog all day. We were looking for a place to eat that was outside, and allowed dogs. I spotted this little place nested next to a little creek, and immediately pulled. I walked inside and asked if we could bring the dog outside by the tables to eat. The man behind the counter was very enthusiastic, and proceeded to tell me that they love having dogs there, and they would even bring out water and biscuits for the pooch! I was so excited! A place that takes care of my pooch is a place I want to be. They brought my dog a bowl of ice water and some biscuits, right after we ordered from the window. I noticed the prices were reasonable to the area, and even less then some of the more popular places I have been to this summer. My boyfriend ordered the fish and chips, and I ordered their new crab roll. Lets just say the food was on point! I loved their seasoned fries, and my roll was really fresh. Points for toasted the roll before putting the crab on. My boyfriends fish was super fresh too, and he is picky about that. We ate in 10 minutes but ended up sitting there for like 45 because we enjoyed the company of the other people with dogs eating lunch, and it was a beautiful day to sit outside. Very excited to bring other family back here with our pooches!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,8/24/2014,159,531,3,6,4>Visit Date: July 11, 2014Came here with hubby for a one day belated romantic dating anniversary dinner. The food was good the atmosphere was very quiet and just a little bit bizarre but the food definitely made me overlook the atmosphere. We split an indian pancake for an appetizer. It was really sweet and much more flavorful than the crappy one I ate in Pattaya in Woodmere. For dinner I ordered the drunken noodles with tofu. I thought my other order of drunken noodles in Pattaya were okay but after having the drunken noodles here I realized Pattaya over spiced their drunken noodles and they were hindering on overly chewy. The noodles at greenleaf were much better, not so chewy, not very spicy but still full of flavor. As for the atmosphere I loved the tables because they used pink table clothes. If I owned a thai place I'm not sure if I would use pink table clothes even though its' my favorite color because it doesn't scream thai to me as an earthy colored table clothe might. So even though they were awesome they didn't mesh with how the atmosphere should be. The restaurant itself was quiet which I loved. I hate going to places that are overly crowded as it annoys me and sours my visit. I appreciate an emptier quieter place like this one. The weirdest thing I noticed was a dresser with a computer situated on it. They could have used a desk or a table because a dresser screams home and not business. The place did have a homey feel to it though, the carpets and table felt like you were in a person's giant kitchen and not in a restaurant. So if you don't mind a weird atmosphere with your nice thai food this would be a good place to come to.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,8/23/2014,8,121,4,3,2>The pizza is easily the best around but this place makes you jump through a LOT of hoops to get it, let be honest.The phone gets disconnected sometime after 6PM so dont bother calling.They are strict about cut off-times and will not allow you to order a pizza after 7PMThey have only ONE brick oven and pizza takes about 20-30 minutes to prepare, expect to wait 45 minutes to an hour average on a "busy" nightPrices are a bit steep - toppings are $4 each so it can add up. The pizza's are very big however.The nice thing is if you stay, you can BYOB.But if you want the best pizza around, you will come here and sit through whatever it takes to get a pizza
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,8/22/2014,20,144,3,2,2>Overall: 4 starsFood: 4 starsService: 5 starsDecor/atmosphere: 4 starsWill I go back: yes.Went to Insignia last night with the wife.  Probably wouldn't have made the trek out to Smithtown, but we had a giftcard.Service:Service was a tad slow, but excellent in all other areas.  We had Tristan/William as our server duo.  Not sure why they do it in pairs, but it worked.  very helpful with the menus, and suggestions. Food:Main course & dessert fantastic. Appetizers, meh.  I ordered the caesar salad, my wife ordered the lobster bisque.  The salad was pretty good.  My wife's lobster bisque was very good soup, but didn't have much lobster, nor lobster-y taste (if that makes sense).For main, I ordered the rib steak, my wife the lamb chops, and for sides, mashed potatoes and grilled artichokes.  Potatoes had the texture and taste of an out of the box mix, but everything else was absolutely fantastic.By the time dessert came, we were stuffed but ordered the donuts that were on special.  Excellent, also.Decor,Place is large and looks upscale.  However, tables are a tad too close together.Will I go back?  With the amount of steakhouses and upscale restaurants on Long Island, I often go to a restaurant and leave impressed, but find nothing there to compel me to return.  Insignia was great, one of the better steakhouses I have been to, and I will try to go back.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,8/21/2014,35,234,2,5,1>it seems these ayce sushi joints are popping up all over long island - i've been to quite a few at this point (when the addicts group starts i'm sure i'll be invited) and so I feel I can make a fair comparison between them at this pointlocated on route 107 just north of hempstead turnpike, watawa is a quiet, nicely put together japanese restaurant who does the bulk of their business on the all you can eat platform: $21.95 gets you the usual checklists full of hot items and sushi bar offerings...what puts this place a notch above others in the area is the quality of the fish as well as their willingness to accomodate...let me explain: as passionate as my love affair with sushi is, i'm also trying to eat right, so my tendency is to go for sashimi & lots of it...while the pieces given aren't the size you'd get at an a la carte restaurant, they're also not the paper thin little scraps other places often give out on these deals, and they also have never balked at any amount of it i've requested...the other huge plus: if you want brown rice, it's perfectly fine with them & there's no upcharge - i've enountered a few places that want extra money PER ROLL for the brown rice option, so to have them give you all your rolls, nigiri sushi etc with this option on the house is huge in my bookthe only negatives i find are the same as most of these places: first, the service can be a tad aloof...don't get me wrong, they've never been rude or nasty but it's also not friendly, some waitresses almost seem downright militant honestly but as long as the food comes out & there's no hassle i could care less..problem 2: i drink unsweetened iced tea, the same stuff they brew hot by the gallon & serve up no charge, but because i want it over ice with a little lemon i'm paying the same amount as the coca cola crowd, and the lack of free refills is also not cool...otherwise, a nice place to try some new stuff out & enjoy a good meal
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,8/20/2014,30,71,3,6,6>Great neighborhood spot. The bagels are smaller and a bit different (more dense, maybe?) than what I was used to in a NY bagel before moving out to LI. Some people don't like them, which I can understand due to them not being exactly like every other bagel. However, they make my favorite onion bagel, hands down. It's great with butter, great with a slice of munster, and great in breakfast sandwich form with sausage and cheese. Flavored iced coffee is another great selling point. The flavors rotate so you never know what you'll have to choose from on a given day, but more than likely you'll find something to drink. The hot coffees are flavored as well, generally offering different flavors than the iced. Oh, it's not syrups that flavor the coffee, it's infused in the bean. This is great if you're like me and hate sugar in your coffee! It's a lucky day for me when they've got Snickers Iced on tap!This us a CASH ONLY spot, but they've installed an ATM if you don't know, forgot, or didn't bring enough cash.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/19/2014,40,93,3,7,3>Back to Blue Fish again, for an even better experience than last.We were seated right away and came with another Groupon.  They brought our large hot sake to the table and we ordered two glasses of tea,  We couldn't decide on an appetizer, had a few different choices, but our waitress suggested the tuna purse since I said I really wanted seaweed salad.  We hung out for a bit before deciding on what else to go with.We ordered the Hicksville Roll and the Sashimi roll.  Shortly after our app came and it was so so yummy!! (as long as you like seaweed salad).  After we finished, we had time to finish the hot sake and relax and asked for a bottle of Nigori for our meal.The nigori came out and they even offered to pour it in a decanter but we said we can just pour from the bottle.  It was slightly sweet but not over bearing.  Very happy with the choice.Next came our two special rolls, which both looked delicious!  We first tried the sashimi roll and it was to die for.  All sashimi, no rice, with crunchy rice cracker flakes, very very good.The Hicksville roll was good as well, with spicy snow crab, mango, avocado, masago and mango sauce.  It was good, nothing too great, but fresh. Not the biggest crab person so I should have realized that, but the mango was a nice refreshing twist.We finished our meal with our favorite, mochi, and got red bean, green tea and mango.  My favorite always is red bean but I did like the mango as well a lot.  The green tea was actually for the other person I was with so it worked out very well.We will continue coming back here!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,8/18/2014,62,240,1,11,6>Newly re-opened hibachi restaurant - successfully separated themselves from the previous incarnations of the same location. CLEANER restaurant, roomier diningroom, nicer appeal. We had sushi.  hey have the hibachi grills on the opposite side - smelled great over there.  The sushi was very fancy... nice and FRESH, generous portions, care went into the preparation. I enjoyed a simple rainow roll, presentaiton alone won me over.  My sister had the Dynamite roll - fancy with mango and sauces... delicious.  She also enjoyed a jalapeno yellow tail - nice crunchy pepper didn't get lost. All served a lighted super fancy fruit & veg decorated platter. The sushi rice is perfect, not too sweet, not too sticky. Staff is attentive - granted, it was not busy but they seemed to actually watch our reaction to each course. I'll be back.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,8/17/2014,34,126,3,5,4>Bay Shore's hidden gem!! After having not gone here in some time, it was a last minute decision to have one of my many birthday dinners here last night with my hubs and bestie!! SCORE!!!  Gotta love walking in over the koi pond bridge!! We basically had the place to ourselves, and we took our time ordering the overally strong specialty drinks, and appetizers and were in love with everything we ordered!! Since this is both a Japanese and a Chinese place, Hubs and Bestie ordered some sushi and I got my usual favorite, General Tao's Chicken, and it was just as good as I remembered!! Sit at one of the tables by the koi pond, in the comfy chairs with pillows and forget were you are for a while..OH... one more thing, if you're still paying attention then good for you.... It's a BYOB place as well, $10 corkage fee, which overall isn't too shabby!!! Can't wait to go back!!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/16/2014,47,154,4,4,4>We recently had our son's 3rd birthday party at the Long Island Children's Museum. Overall, we cannotsay enough about the great experience that our son had, and we had in planning his party. Beginningthe planning process, the museum website was helpful in giving us information to assist us in planning the party, then we worked with Tiffany, the party planner who was happy toanswer any questions we had, and was very flexible to work with.We chose the Totspot party with the Music and Movement theme. We arrived at the Museum and even thoughthey had two other parties that morning, at NO POINT did we ever cross paths, or even notice that otherparties were going on. Our son's party was in a nice large, clean, private party room. The party beganwith a trip to the bubble room (a.k.a. our sons favorite place on earth), and then we reconvened in theparty room for more activities. Throughout the party, the two party leads shuffled the kids into the totspot room and another gallery as well for fun. The kids had an absolute blast, and what was great, was thatthere was something for everyone, from infants to 5 year olds and up. The two "party leads" were also great, in fact all of the museum staff was great. They genuinelycared that our party went well, and that our son felt special, and had the time of his life, which he did.They fed the kids and made sure that everything was taken care of so we could enjoy the party with ourson. Overall, I cannot say a bad thing about the LICM for a kids party! The facility, staff and overall feelof the party was great. Unlike other "party mills" you felt like they truly cared about your experience,and making that experience a great one. I would HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend the LICM for a kids birthday party, or just for a visit!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,8/15/2014,218,111,11,11,11>This is a place you can go to for great food and have a great time as well.  When you eat here you really feel like you are family, only treated better!!!!The bar is huge, reasonably priced, and the bartenders are very attentive.Anyway, lets get to the dinner.  For appetizers I had the fried calamari with fra diavlo sauce.  It doesn't get any better than that. The sauce was excellent and had just the right amount of spiced and the calamari was super fresh.  I also had the stuffed peppers which were great.For the entree I had the chicken parm which was a very generous portion!! If it wasn't so good I wouldn't have finished it.  It comes with a side of any pasta you want which was superb & a huge amount.But, the best part of the night had to be Frank the accordian player. This guy is amazing and can play just about any song you want.  He will even sing for you!!! I was with my parents and he even knew how to play their wedding song. Now, the've been married almost 50 yrs so that was impressive!!Absolutely Marios provided a great dining experience and fun for all.  Will I be back???? ABSOLUTELY!!!  I know, I know, that was corny
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,8/14/2014,113,382,5,5,5>can you say FRIEDcan you say CUTEcan you say YUMMYwow what a little gem this fried fish little heavenly place isit almost looks like a converted house blue and white theme. inside looks like an old fashion diner with only counter spacesuper friendly staff I mean I just love the U shaped counter you can watch the fried yummys fryingDeb had a huge plate of fried clams and just loved themI had a fried fish sandwich (flounder) this is no crappy bread crumb crust its more like corn meal and man is it so good n crunchy with beautiful cooked fish with inand Bigelows knew I like my fish with American cheese on it yup it was right there on the menulettuce and tomato I ordered to complete my perfect fish sandwichperfect cocktail sauce way better then ketchup for my condimentand really good unsweet ice tea Our waiter made sure our cup was never emptythis little fish spot looks like it was picked up in Maine (whole) and dropped off on Long IslandI can't wait to go backps this food is not cheapie sandwich was 11.50 but its very worth itI saw key lime on the dessert menu but was too stuffed
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/13/2014,70,22,6,8,6>Wow this place is unbelievable! Everything about the place is grand! My first time here, and it was great! I never knew the restaurant opened at noon for lunch so me and my cohort decided to give it a try. Upon entering inside the castle, there are two grand stair cases, leading to a set of wooden doors. I thought we were in a movie! We were greeted by one of the friendly staff who directed us to the restaurant. After making a couple of lefts, we were in the right place .We were greeted by Annie, who turned out to be our server. She was friendly and knowledgeable. And we loved her recommendations! We started out with the lobster balls, with the bisque dip. OMG!!! They were delish! We rarely see pig in a blankets on a menu for an appetizer,  so we indulged in that as well. It came with a grain mustard, grey poupon,  and guldens mustard. Now for the main course! Keep in mind these two entrées Annie said were REALLY good! I had the sea bass sicilia. It was sea bass with lobster, shrimp, mussels, clams, and served with cous-cous. All was delicious! My cohort had the summer grilled swordfish. It came with jasmine rice, sesame green beans, and a cucumber melon salsa. You can NOT go wrong with either entrée! After having the entrées we were greeted by Gary, who sweetly said "welcome to my home". Such a nice sweet man!Then Annie came back and asked us the most silliest question. "Do we have room for dessert?!". LoL, she doesn't know us very well, haha. We went with her recommendation of the flourless molten chocolate cake. WoWie! Boy were we sorry we decided to share!All in all I highly recommend this place. The food is great, the views are spectacular,  the staff is friendly, and the ambiance is exquisite! On a side note. We found out that there are also tours of the castle starting at 11 am. There are also two options. The first costs $25 per person for the tour. The second option is $50 per person for the tour, and includes a two course lunch! If you have never been here make it a point to visit! You will not be disappointed!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,8/12/2014,9,107,4,8,4>Want to hear a nice story? It's birthday time and my friends want to go someplace special. They choose Casa Rustica and I don't have the heart to tell them about my past experiences there. A weird room made me feel like I was having dinner in a basement. It was overpriced, and they never honor reservations. I say nothing but I'm not really expecting much.And so, when we show up at 7:30 on Saturday evening I am expecting the worst. This is what actually happened. The valet takes our car and we enter the restaurant. A very pleasant hostess checks our reservation and escorts us to an excellent table in the main dining room. (I had never been seated there before). We are greeted by a very professional server who takes our drink order. Could this be the same restaurant that was so poor just a few years ago. Drinks come and we are told the specials. One is a 2 lb. lobster dinner, complete with any starter, coffee and dessert for about $55.00. Remember, this is Saturday night. So much for too expensive.Our meals came promptly and no one at our table had a single complaint - apps through dessert were uniformly good. Everyone had a super evening.What a wonderful improvement. If they can repeat this kind of experience Casa Rustica will once again rise to the 5 yelp star elites.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/11/2014,382,325,11,12,9>Not to brag (maybe a little) but when it comes to dining - fine or otherwise - I know what I'm talking about.  Pops had us coming to nice restaurants since we were knee high to a grasshopper, so I know good food and good service when I see it.If price is an issue for you - do. not. come. here.  There is nothing wrong with avoiding a restaurant because its not in your price range, however, if you can't afford it, and you come here, and then complain about how expensive it is...you're an idiot.  My honey loves steak, so for his birthday my parents and another couple we dine with fairly often came here.  Special occasion, special man, steak - it all fits together.  I made my reservations via Open Table and when they called to confirm I requested a specific server because I heard she was fantastic (she was - Kimberly, she's great and so is her team). 1.  We arrived shortly after my parents, they were having a drink at the bar. The bar can get a little crowded, but I think the next time we come here I'm going to see if we can sit in one of the bar booths because there is some grade A Long Island People Watching happening here2.  From the very second we drove in, the valet, the hostess, the maitre'd, bartender and every one employed here was nothing but polite and professional, and very accomodating - the service alone gets 5 stars.3. ManWich and my friend ordered special rolls - that they devoured.  Like "no, I won't share with you".  The special rolls were LARGE - (ie, large enough to share but whatev guys, thats fine) - and I feel that for the size and quality of the roll alone, they far beat out what we get at most sushi restaurants.  My pops got a few different pieces of sushi, my other friend got the wedge, mom got the polenta and I got the crab cake.  Every single one of us was silent while we ate.  The wedge looked absolutely wonderful and my mother was kind enough to share some of her polenta, topped with gorgonzola and portobello with me...out of this world.  The crab cake was clearly made with skill - it wasn't bready, it had large hunks of crab meat in it and nicely seasoned, adorned with a great little salad.4.  Okay so don't judge, but Beefcake and I shared a porterhouse for three - merely because we wanted two bones to bring home to the dog...sure...and my dad got a porterhouse for two (see where I get it from?).  Both Maura and her husband got the bone in filet and my mother got sea scallops (I know, we're at a steakhouse right?  They were served over risotto and looked absolutely delicious...but I was busy).  Now, my friend ordered his bone in medium, and it came out a little overcooked.  Normally, I wince anytime someone complains about their meal, however, this was a pricey cut of meat, and it should absolutely be cooked the way he wants it.  We told the waitress and she immediately brought it back.  It was replaced incredibly quickly - with no snuff, aggravation or sideways glances from anyone on staff.  The maitre'd came by when his replacement was ready and waited while he checked to make sure it was prepared the way he wanted it, and apologized multiple times.That's the sign of a good restaurant.  Should it have been overcooked?  Of course not.  Did the immediately amend the issue?  100%.  Mistakes happen, its how you deal with them that separate the men from the boys.I almost don't want to talk about dessert because at this point...I've disgusted myself.  Mantle and I plowed through a decent portion of the porter house (for three) that was cooked absolutely perfectly au jus and rare....with enough to take home next to the hashbrowns and asparagus for a slammin post birthday dinner breakfast.  Did we order dessert?  You bet your bippy we did.  And, to no fault of my own, they sang to my honey over his peanut butter something cake (he did not share with me) and brought out this special of the day dessert for my friend and I, that was a warm custard in a wellington type flaky pastry, topped with banana ice cream and boysenberry spread, granola and home made whipped cream.Sweet Baby Jesus have mercy on me and my waistline.  I cannot wait until the next occasion to come back here again.  Of their sister restaurants, this is by far the best.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,8/10/2014,82,45,10,21,4>In place of the long-gone Harvest Buffet, a spot that brings back fond childhood memories of endless Snow Crab legs, sushi, and a self-serve ice cream machine, resides the much-anticipated new Moonstone.We were greeted warmly upon entrance and seated at a prime location with great views of the elegant restaurant. It was nearly 9pm but there were still a few diners finishing up their meals.While the menu was gorgeous, I was immediately disappointed by the menu and the striking resemblance to other-Great-Neck Chinese restaurant "Elaine's". From the way the menu was organized, to the actual choices, and even the text! There were certainly some repeats (aside from sushi, which Elaine's does an excellent job with). I was really hoping for a fresh new take on Chinese food without the usual options. ...guess I shouldn't have let the decor heighten my expectationsI asked our waiter (named Charlie according to our receipt) for some suggestions, this being a new restaurant. But Charlie was not of much help, giving us an unsure suggestion of their steamed dumplings. Me: Mm.. maybe next timeCharlie: Tomorrow? ha haMe: ... ha!I remember thinking Yes! a funny waiter! But man was that joke not as funny the 2nd and 3rd time..Later, Charlie brings over our first dish, the Crispy Duck. But as he put the plate down at the table, he suddenly interrupted our conversations and gave a surprising "That's all you guys ordered?!"We looked at each other confused, what was this guy talking about? Did he mess up our order? A few awkward moments later:"Ahh.... got you just kidding ha ha", and he left.I could only force a strained half-smile.. Aside from Charlie's awkward humor, we ended up ordering the following:Fried Oyster- a great amount of old oil taste ruined the otherwise good quality oysters Shrimp dumpling- nice and light dimsum, nothing extraordinaryShrimp lettuce wrap- very light and tasty, i LOVE the addition of pistachio, i definitely recommendCrispy Duck - basically your run of the mill fried wonton wrapper with duck inside, meh.Steak and asparagus - the steak was more like tough chunks of beef served with a goopy brown sauce. would not recommendLamb Chop - thin fried lamb chops, looked dry but surprisingly tender! I got it with the wine sauce which had a tangy and smokey flavor, highly recommended!Beef Chow Fun - probably our favorite. this isn't your average chinese take out chow fun. properly cooked wide noodles with tender slices of beef. we loved it so much we ordered a second!Duck skewers - a little mixed bag.. two skewers with pieces of duck breast and lychee. duck was cooked well, but a little on the fatty side. unlikely to reorderGiant Prawns - meh, for the price, i've had much better. It was a little mushy and didn't have as much flavor as I was hoping for.As im writing this, im realizing more and more that this restaurant doesn't deserve the four stars I am giving it, but I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt as it is still a new restaurant (and is sensitive to initial reviews). I do believe the owner is the same as Harvest Buffet, but under different management. Hopefully the next time I visit, the staff will be more well trained. We actually had a lady help us clear the table and refill our waters at the end, she was fantastic, very sweet and genuine. In all honestly, the menu was just.. uninspiring. However despite the boring menu, some of the actual dishes we were served delivered quite well, and I still have high hopes for this up and coming restaurant.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/9/2014,62,198,4,5,4>One of the most pleasant and enjoyable experiences of your life will be an evening at Farm Country Kitchen, especially if the weather is on your side. Start by pulling two wines to take with you, and show up a little earlier than your reservation, and have them pop the cork on something light and supple, like a Rose of Cab Franc or a Pinot Noir, and drink it on the back Adirondack chairs overlooking the peconic river. Then, make sure you get the best table in the house and sit on the far right side of the porch, with a corner view of the river. Finish off bottle number one while you peruse the menu. I thought the fried artichokes were fantastic, as were the stuffed portobellos. Pop bottle number two on your way to entree time. For dinner, I ordered the shrimp sandwich, which was served with a marmalade and a guac topping, Po-Boy style in crispy bread. A tasty pile of potato salad on the side was a nice complement. The view at quaint atmosphere simply cannot be beat. I suggest topping off your meal with a cup of coffee and one of their desserts, which are sourced from a Brooklyn Bakery. Definitely a memorable place and something any food-loving human should experience!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,8/8/2014,13,115,5,5,4>I've been coming here for years now... I know! It's been forever, but this store provides the only source of Chinese groceries short of going to Flushing, NY.Don't let the size deter you, they have everything from sauces (siracha, curry, a whole lot of other ones that I can only say in Chinese) to all types of Asian food items such as ramen, szcheuan noodles, pigs feet, scallion pancakes, dumplings, etc... The list goes on and on. They have all sorts of varieties of soft drinks that I can't describe such as the bubbly ones where you pop the ball into the drink to open it. They got teas, lychees and a whole bunch of other drinks. It's basically like a small version of flushing. They also have a whole lot of snacks from candies to crackers to fish and dried fruit snacks. Lastly my favorite part is they go to the city/flushing/jersey 2-3 times a week to replenish their stocks of fresh food which include plain buns, meat buns, side dishes (pigs ear, stomach, etc...) and bread. They have a whole lot of different types that is kind of hard to describe. I'll try to take a picture next time. Every Saturday, they restock all the fresh food, bread, vegetables and get dim sum. They usually come back between 11am and 12noon. If you come here from 12-3pm be prepared to wait an hour in line. Everyone comes... Like everyone. But in my mind, it's worth it if you know what to come for. They get a lot of dim sum dishes like chicken feet, pigs stomache, some pork dish, rice congee, rice wrapped shrimp, cha Sui, etc... You really have to come and see and realize this place  is a jewel that will save you so much hassle of traveling far or to a restaurant, especially Saturdays. Did I mention they restock all their fresh bread, snacks, dishes too? I've been coming here for literally years. This place beats everything short of going to Flushing itself, but who has the time to drive an hour to flushing every week? (I live an hour away T_T). This place replaces that need very nicely. Just a note, the owners are very friendly, and if you have a question of where something is or if they have it, feel free to ask.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,8/7/2014,73,138,4,5,5>4.5 stars..Came here for father's day with a family of 5. I figure since this place is hopping on fridays and saturdays I should make a reservation. Even though I did--there was no need. Unlike the party peak times, Sundays seem to be very slow, which means attentive waitstaff and speedy service. Seated right away in the family style booth, extremely comfortable seating, decor and ambience of this place is breathtaking-you feel the high-class city vibe that they were striving for. Rita, was our waitress, she did a phenomenal job--being that she was the only one waiting at least 7 tables, very personable, made amazing recommendations, and was very courteous and professional..she enhanced the whole dining experience.Ok let's get to the food: We kept in mind that this was a "$$$" priced dining so we were prepared for pricey dishes with small portions. The apps--small plates stayed true to that concept. We ordered the scallops and the steak and cheese quesidillas. This is the only part of the meal that fell short for us. The scallops definitely flavorful and with 6 small pieces barely can fill up a newborn. The quesidellas just tasted like they were mircrowaved- had an annoying aftertaste--I DONT RECOMMEND THIS ONEEntrees: Mine was the two 6 oz lobster tails with mashed potatoes. Presentation matched the food: mouth-watering. The mashed potatoes were beyond perfect, and the lobster tails were succulent. The other memorable dishes were the NY Steak--made exactly how we wanted it after Rita warned us the kitchen staff can get heavy handed so glad we ordered it between medium and medium well. The pork was also very moist, the seasoning on top was outstanding. The Sea Bass was also excellent..better than the grilled Mahi Mahi--sooo bland--which was the only other  dish that fell flat--the cous-cous  though that came with it was really good.Honorable mention: we ordered the mac and cheese with bacon...TO DIE for- A++Drinks: Like everyone else says, the coconut martini is outstanding-props to BartenderBill: $222..again pricey spot but well worth it. I will def come back without the family to enjoy the party vibe on the weekends and try other small plates
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,8/6/2014,149,241,4,4,5>I have been to this Press 195 quite a few times and it really never disappoints. The space is really cute and has a really cool atmosphere to it. They offer two of the best things to have, sangria and their fries with various dipping sauces(my favorite is chipotle mayo). Two of my favorite sandwiches are the 45 and the 47. The 45 is grilled marinated sliced steak, Provolone, pan-fried sweet peppers & mushrooms, fresh baby arugula and pineapple sesame sriracha sauce. it is just all sorts of good! The 47 is Cilantro-lime marinated chicken, Fontina cheese, pan-fried sweet peppers & mushrooms, spinach and pineapple sesame sriracha sauce. I personally love cilantro lime marinated chicken and theirs is just awesome. The sauce on it is so good and will just bring a smile to your face.This place is just always a really good time. Grab a panini, a beer or sangria, and some fries and just have a good time. Just an FYI you can rent the back room for a party and it a really nice space.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,8/5/2014,237,506,4,6,3>My new eyebrow threading place!  Emma is SO SWEET and it's close to home, very convenient for me. She has worked with me for months trying to grow out my brows, but we have given up on that and she gives me the arch I want and is always there.  I don't have to worry about having the wrong person and/or gambling with using a new person who could potentially screw my brows up even more than they already are.  It's consistently her and only her.  She takes her time and is meticulous with her attention to detail.  I don't feel like she's rushing me out the door.  I can even bring my kids with me, she doesn't care.  The store is small enough that I can still keep an eye on them and not worry about them getting into trouble.  She's also the best priced in the business, charging only $5 for eyebrow threading.  Use the punch card each time and after 4 punches, get the 5th free.  Easy parking in the front, private parking lot in the street.  Give her a chance, I promise you won't use anyone else.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/4/2014,181,320,5,6,4>Yupo, it's a supermarket. I know. Really, what do we need to review a supermarket for? But, this area has been pretty starved for a decent not Shop-Right/Rite Aid supermarket like option for a few years, so forgive my little bit of gushing.The best thing about this place is that they have fresh salads, hot food, and many prepared dishes, which means there's always a busy lunch crowd. Additionally, there is a cute seating area where you can go, and it's never full.As for the supermarket aspect, it is what it is. Has all of your basics and then some, and they always keep it clean. Quite a large amount of foreign items. We've decided that the owner must be Greek because there are a lot of random and very specific greek items. Can also find flake bars!It's a good place to pop down to buy what you need at the standard prices. Produce also always looks good...and those prices are comparable to other supermarkets. The only problem with this store, and really, it isn't their fault, is that the traffic is now TERRIBLE! The drivers in this locations were always pretty dodgy, but now it's just insane. They had to change the direction of some of the "streets" within the lot, and have added stop signs, but nobody pays any attention to them. Driver BEWARE!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/3/2014,240,172,3,2,3>We have been wanting to try JH for a long while, and took our Anniversery as the opportunity to visit. After a long day of Barrel Tasting at Bedell, we arrived for dinner at 6pm. The house is a standout. Beautifully situated just off the Main Road in Jamesport. The parking lot was pretty full so we parked in the north 40 and hiked to the front door. Not knowing what to expect we were surprised at the layout. We walked into the greeting table in a small ante room and checked in. Our Open Table rezzy was honored and we were seated immediately. We were taken to what looked like the living room, with a large fireplace being the center piece. We felt like we were in the Shining, with old photos of the house with its original inhabitants looking down on us. One of the bathrooms was full of photos of what looked like shots all around the house. The decor was ultra rustic, with what looked like the original wallpaper or a good copy on the walls. There was another room just behind the main one which looked like a den..To begin, the Staff was really nice and took care of our every need. Now the food....We were surprised that they were only using the Restaurant Week menu and the regular menu was not available. That being said we had the Duck Wings as the appetizer which was probably the best of those being offered. For entre's my wife had the Rack of Lamb, I am not sure whether the portions were smaller for Restaurant Week menu but it was rather small with no accompanying starch on the plate. the cut of Lamb was very fatty. What looked like the best piece of meat by the bone was disappointingly fat.  Mine was the Hangar Steak. It was served beautifully but there was a sinew running thru the meat and it couldnt be cut with a steak knife and was too tough to chew. The replacement order was much better although small but ordered and delivered rare. I cant fathom what the price for dinner would have been as no other menu was available. The only indication that prices may be high was the extra item we ordered...coffee was $5 a cup. Please not that I am tempering my review due to the fact that we couldnt avail ourselves to the regular menu and it would not be fair to judge on the Restaurant week fare alone. Our visit was truly an experience......
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,8/2/2014,383,272,3,10,5>Fantastic place for a day trip.  Carpool to save at parking as it is expensive! $13 on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, $7 rest of the week. Boat fare/ entrance fee will set you back another $13 round trip. Facilities are what you would expect for a beach / national park. That being said, there is nowhere as cool as this place. Over a mile of boardwalk thru the sunken forest. There is a very nice sandy beach on the ocean side of the island for sunbathing and swimming. Very low key and relaxing. Concession stand CASH only.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,8/1/2014,698,2009,6,7,4>Theater in the Round...Known for many years as The Westbury Music Faire, this place is still gong strong.  It is a style of venue that has sadly gone out of fashion - most likely because it does not generate billions of dollars.  The venue is small and well, round.  This means two things:  a stage that rotates and not a bad seat in the house for the patrons.  Excellent sound all around and you have yourself a sweet place to view a band.I've been here countless times over the years and am always surprised that I don't get there more often.  I will have to make a point of that.Definitely worth whatever the ticket cost is to see your show- although this place tends to tailor to the "B" and "C" list performers - but this also means you get a great show in an intimate setting for a really good cost.What the hell are you waiting for?  Get in there!Parking is in a giant field and is a mongolian cluster fuck trying to get out.  Plan accordingly.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,7/31/2014,203,184,4,5,3>My experience here was perfection.I walked in with a broken iPhone 4 back glass. The friendly guy at the desk told me that it could be done in 2 minutes. He also made sure to tell me that the glass he would be putting on would not have the Apple logo on it. The $20 price tag was exactly in my budget, so after handing my phone over- he took it to a back area, and in 2 minutes flat it was done. Brand new back glass and he kept the clear protective sticker on it for me to peel. The waiting area is really nice with a ton of magazines and a TV- which happened to be playing The Hunger Games while I was there. Nice choice!I'll definitely be back if I break anything else!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,7/30/2014,196,94,5,5,6>Hands down, the most incredible Polish food I have ever had. This food tastes like it is prepared by a little old Polish grandmother in the back. A" home cooking" feeling all the way. The Goulash over noodles may have just been in one of the top 3 meals I've ever had in life! Superb! They had some really great and strong Polish beers which they serve from very large bottles into very large glasses which were quite nice!Service was very good. This is obviously a family-run establishment; our waiters were a father and son team that seemed to manage a full dining room with ease. Let them know if it is your first time dining here and they will offer you and array of solid recommendations. All entrees come with their very fresh "salad bar" which is not your typical salad bar. Think: potato dill salads, cucumber and onion, tuna with relish. All fresh and very good, just different. Lol, the bulbs of the salad bar itself had a short in it so it was flickering like a strobe light. Weirdness.Ok so onto the strange ambiance of the place that other reviewers have mentioned:I probably would not have come here if it were not for the restaurant.com coupon, but what a pleasant surprise! I didn't know what to expect from the outside since the restaurant itself looks like a non-descript office building. Once inside however, one feels like they could have stepped back in time to a Polish wedding reception in Warsaw, circa 1990. I went on a Saturday night, so there was a huge private party, separated by draw curtains, of all Polish speaking people (we probably were the only ones speaking English). Polish music was being DJ'd overhead intertwined with 90's to current "dance" music. There were bottles of Johnny Walker Red and 2L bottles of Pepsi on the tables next to mine(not that there's anything wring with that!). I just have to say it was a little strange, but it just kind of worked since I was all about the "traditional Polish experience." I think most people would not appreciate this however as it kind of teetered on the bizarre, but just take note of this prior to going and keep and open mind. You may be pleasantly enlightened! Your stomach definitely will be!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,7/29/2014,42,64,6,10,7>I wish that I could give this place more than 5 stars, everything about it was perfect! It is definitely in my top three best restaurants on Long Island.We arrived very late with a large party and the maître d' politely informed us that the kitchen was in the process of closing. We asked if they could still serve us if we promised to order quickly and not to stay too long. After a few minutes of deliberation in the kitchen they told us that we could stay but the service might be a little slow because they had to turn everything back on. The dining area was exquisite. The room was formal yet rustic in terms of the decor. They immediately brought us a few baskets of what seemed like freshly baked, crusty no-kneed bread with small bowls of olives and roasted garlic in olive oil.The service was impeccable all night. We actually had three people working the table: the head waiter, a server and another person who re-filled the waters and replaced the plates and silverware. Each of the servers were extremely pleasant and detail oriented while maintaining the charm and wit you would expect from a traditional Italian waiter. You would think that they would be short and surly with us because we made them stay open for another hour, but that was never the case. The staff was also very accommodating to our two-year old son and made him feel very comfortable in terms of seating and interaction.The food was sublime. The menu offers an eclectic mix of pasta, fish, veal, beef and lamb dishes as well as daily specials. For the appetizer we had two orders of the Antipasta Calda which had grilled herb marinated shrimps, baked clams, grilled artichokes, fried calamari, topped with garlic, crushed red pepper with a basil white wine lemon sauce. We also had a few orders of Prince Edward Island mussels in a white wine sauce. All of the appetizers were freshly made and well executed. Since most of us were stuffed from the bread and first course, we decided to skip the beef and veal entrees and go with the pastas and fish. The best dish of the evening was the the filet mignon tips penne pasta with portobello mushrooms served in a rich brown demi-sauce. I spent the rest of the evening thinking about that dish!The bill wasn't cheap, however I would gladly pay a little extra for truly memorable service, food and atmosphere. It was the perfect evening. I can't wait to go back and try the lamb and veal dishes. Thank you for an amazing dining experience!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,7/28/2014,179,129,4,12,5>How hard is it to find *quality* AYCE Sushi on Long Island?  Pretty hard. I made reservations for a group of 6 on a Thursday evening and this place was packed.  Everyone was thrilled to find out that this place is BYOB, with a King Kullen on the same block. We ordered more rolls than normal because there was just such an abundance of choices. Each roll sounded more interesting than the last.  The roll with banana was my favorite - I can't find the name on the website. The starters were decent but can easily be skipped over to make room for the rolls.  The shrimp tempuras were really hot and flaky though, definitely a treat. The rolls come out quick but if you have a food allergy or need something special, be prepared to have a hard time conversing with the staff - they move quick and just want to keep the sushi coming.  There are always coupons in the local paper and for $19.99 AYCE on a weeknight, you can't go wrong.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2014,7/27/2014,52,302,5,11,8>After having several sub-par Italian restaurants in this location it is really nice that we get a rare ethnic restaurant in Saint James.  No this is not Colombian/Mongolian fusion, or Colombian inspired tapas... It is honest Colombian style food at very reasonable prices.Upon entering the restaurant it appears the decor has not really changed at all from the previous owners.  The employees welcomed me pretty graciously and you can tell they were trying very hard to make things right.  They must have adjusted the lighting about 10 times.  I had just came back from work and World Cup soccer was on (which they of course had on here) so I sat at the bar.  The bar was not serving alcohol which is typical of restaurants that open in NY, with their terrible delays in granting liquor licenses.  I am pretty certain that they will have a full bar when that happens.  They were also cash only for the day, but they said that was a temporary situation  until they get their credit card terminals up.I had the classic arroz con carne which had quite a bit of thin steak for a reasonable $12.50 with salad, plantains, and of course rice and beans.  They may consider heating up the plate a bit because the steak although it was cooked fresh and was hot when it arrived, cooled down quickly. The rice and beans were excellent.  Several Spanish speaking customers came in, and a few interested locals came to eat.I will be back to try some more of their dishes.  This is a much needed addition to the area, and I hope they can survive here.Edit:  Been back 2x, Highly recommend their soups.  The chicken soup is one of the best I have ever had.  If you get the $4 one you get a good size cup but the $8 one comes with a lot of sides and is a meal on its own.  You can also get the soup with the 1/4 chicken and rice for $12 or so nice!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,7/26/2014,371,182,7,16,14>Delicious Asian FusionThis place was formerly Homura Sushi. It's now under new ownership including a new decor and a revamped menu. Love this place, it's tucked away in a row of stores in downtown Williston Park. The new decor is on the dark side (read that as black) but classy. The hostess and wait staff are friendly and very accommodating. The name change happened in the last few weeks but my family has already made this our goto place for sushi. We usually start off with and order of sushi and finish with either a bento box or hibachi meal. Tonight I ordered the Filet Mignon Hibachi. My wife ordered the Chicken Hibachi. As soon as we were seated we were offered hot towels to wash our hands, a nice touch. Our meal started off with salad and Miso soup. The salads are served in dishes that come right out of the freezer. The dressing (a standard at all Asian restaurants) is my favorite. The Hibachi Filet Mignon includes shrimp, vegetables, noodles and a large serving of beef. The filet is delicious, I thinks it's my favorite dish here. The California Rolls ($4.50) as an appetizer are delicious. The food comes out fast and the staff came by regularly throughout our meal to make sure we had everything we needed. So far we've been very pleased with all of our selections we've had here. I'm hoping to post updates to my review and we dive deeper into the new menu here. The only disappointment here is the acoustics. With a tile floor, solid walls and a solid ceiling it's easy to unintentionally eavesdrop on conversations from all corners of the restaurant. We were seated by the front window but could still clearly hear conversations from the sushi bar in the back of the restaurant. The previous decor had a soft fabric on the ceiling that absorbed so of the sound reflections. That being said, this place is still our #1 place for Asian in the neighborhood. I'm going with two thumbs up for this place. Worth the trip.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,7/25/2014,69,119,3,6,5>Excellent sushi! First time here as they just opened 10 days ago, but so far so good with the food. The miso was so flavorful and the ginger dressing, tasty. But of course, the sushi is the star. I had my usual spicy tuna and spicy salmon roll which were both very fresh and delicious. When I requested extra crunchies, they happily put them on top. Yay! My third roll was the shrimp mango which was also very good. A coworker had the hot chicken teriyaki lunch and said it was also very good, and two others also had sushi, saying they loved what they got, so no complaints in our office today!One thing that stood out today, the friendliness of the server taking my order over the phone. She was very thorough and after I arrived, extremely friendly welcoming me to their new place. You can tell she is filled with pride and that really makes a difference to me.I'm going to enjoy this new lunch spot for as long as I can while it's quiet since in time, the word will be out and I'm sure they'll get super busy!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/24/2014,37,154,5,5,5>This past January, I decided to treat myself to a nice, relaxing, getaway weekend, all to myself. My sister had stayed at 1708 House years ago and she highly recommended it, so, off I went. Everything I wanted in a B&B, they delivered. My room was ready when I arrived, immaculately clean, very cozy and nicely decorated. After I unpacked, Linda, who works at the front desk, was very gracious and accomodating, and gave me a tour of the 1708 House. I learned all about it's history, which was extensive and fascinating. There is that feel of old world charm as I walked through every room. Every afternoon, you can relax in their beautiful furnished dining area for afternoon tea, along with the most delicious baked goodies from the Blue Duck Bakery, also located in Southampton. On every table, there are place settings with the most elegant fine china and linen napkins. You are offered a very nice selection of herbal teas, coffee, wine and the brownies were outrageously delicious!!In the morning, you are welcomed with a wonderful complimentary breakfast which includes fruit, bagels, danish, cereals and they will even prepare your choice of eggs if you wish. I love that 1708 House is located right on Main Street, within walking distance of the many great stores and restaurants Southampton has to offer. It's perfect for the summertime as the beach is right down the road, and you are given free passes for the day. I will definitely be visitng here again.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/23/2014,5000,690,14,22,13>Well friends, this is going to be interesting.... As Syosset now has a new Greek Restaurant in a location where the rent is likely so high it would break the back of a camel.  It's a great spot, high up in North Syosset, where it's commonly said no one cooks. Every eatery does well here..  even the smallest places don't seem to fold, some may sell but none fold.. except for this spot..  Formerly Toast, Bistro 516, Moules Frites, a Pomedorino's, an Asian place, and before that etc etc..Ok............ enough with the commercial real estate analysis ...This is a new and very ambitious effort and use of space... and impressive to any eye..Welcome Nisso's!  A seaside oasis has been created here...Overall experience today/new place... It's four stars. Its the best all out effort this town has seen for restaurant design & style. Its got  new stone walls created just like you might have high in the hills overlooking the harbor in Greece...  Interior colors white, blue, even the ceiling has beautifully detailed sailing ship décor.Ambiance, five stars, welcoming staff five stars. Lunch I thought it  was ok, Mom was with me and is way too tough as always.So all around four stars and I am assuming the kitchen will only get better for dinner. I'm expecting some nice adventures here. I'm thinking the right time to go is evening, when the outdoor tables are outside, some white wine and some seafood.  Today with mom it was not exactly that vibe.. I tried the spinach pie, (not crispy after heated) and she tried the chicken souvlaki, and felt it dried, skimpy and felt one piece odd had her remove it.So I shall return with an easier guest.. I think I'll bring one of my hungry man friends. Lol!This place is so nice looking, it should remain on and never be changed, and the restaurant owner should buy out the landlord and end this matter for good.  So we can come to enjoy what should be the final place here.. take a look, this place is too good looking to ever go.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,7/22/2014,33,416,3,4,1>I started off with the spring rolls. They came out hot and crispy. I had trouble discerning the filling and making out the taste, but the vinaigrette on the side added plenty of flavor.For my main course, I had the classic bahn min. This time I was able to easily taste the carrots, cucumbers, cilantro, bacon, sliced pork, and duck-sauce like sauce. It was an interesting contrast between fatty meats and crisp vegetables. I liked the sandwich; however, I'd opt for a different sandwich or the pho if I return.Lastly, I need to mention the spunky waiter. This guy had energy and pizazz. He's a bit quirky, and he makes your stop way funnier than expected.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,7/21/2014,657,500,8,13,13>Ever since my last run-in with an Indian buffet, (which was a highly negative one) I must admit that I was skeptical. But I'm so glad that I came across Namaste America. After a long trip to the outlets, I was starving. (As far as I know) Long Island doesn't have too many Indian restaurants outside of the Hicksville area. So I was glad to have come across this place thanks to you Yelpers. Upon walking in, I noticed a big sign that said $16 for the weekend buffet dinner. Not bad! We happened to be the first patrons that night so the buffet was hot and ready to be eaten. The decor itself is simple yet cozy... a no frills kinda place. We put our stuff down and the waiter gave us a small breakdown of their food, what they do and what's on tonight's menu.There's something truly special and admirable about someone who is very proud and passionate about their food as well as their profession. Our waiter (whose name escapes me) was the quintessential example of that. Always wondering, I wanted to know how Naan is made. He took the time to explain the ingredients, the process, and the fact that the clay oven cooks it in about 2 minutes. Always fresh. He also mentioned that the food isn't left to sit over the burners all night and that they're constantly adding new items and rotating them so that it's all fresh from the kitchen.And boy was he right. There was an assortment of food to choose from, including: Tandoori Chicken, Bhel, Chole, Palak Paneer, Daal, and some other names I cannot recall. Combine that with some basmati rice... you're all set. It was all labeled so if you're a vegetarian or have dietary restrictions you know what's what. The flavors were earthy, bold and had layers of depth. Everything was delicious. My water glass was constantly full and fresh Naan was always on the table. My kinda place.Usually when it comes to buffets, I expect the food to be bland/tasteless... but not here. Everything was superb and somehow (I amaze myself sometimes) I managed to even grab some dessert*. Let's just say by the time I left, I had to be basically carried out of there. Namaste America is a place you should try if:-You love spice.-You're not afraid to try new things. Sample away!-You want a flavorful food exp, without burning a hole in your pocket.__________________________*One regret. (Not in the buffet that night) but I have to try their Lassi and Gulab Jaamun.P.S. Woo hoo to review #400!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,7/20/2014,73,279,2,6,2>Amazing experience. Haven't been this happy with a meal in months. We went on a Saturday night. My fiancé is vegan and we saw prior to going that they didn't have any vegan options. At first they were hesitant to do something, but they ended up making a delicious tofu dish for her. Bonus points for that.My meal was amazing. Started with the Thai calamari (excellent) and lobster bisque (soup de jour) which was one of the best lobster bisques I had. Buttery, creamy, and had this delicious truffle foam.I got a filet mignon for my entree with a bernaise sauce. Steak at restaurants are usually hit or miss for me. Theirs were excellent. It didn't need the sauce (had lots of flavor and was tender). One of the better steaks I've had. The bernaise suave was delicious.Got it with a side of truffle Mac and cheese which was very good but probably my least favorite between the steak, calamari, and soup (but again was very good).Opted for the donuts for dessert which also were delicious.Between the absolute delicious meal, great service , and the very accommodating chef it was an excellent meal and I can't wait to go back
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,7/19/2014,90,109,5,8,4>Honestly, i'd give this place Five Stars solely for having the jolliest coffee guy on the planet.  He brightens my day.  Seriously, I wish at any given moment of any given morning I was as happy as this guy.  He's like, excited to bring you your coffee. And keeps refilling it with equal excitement.   So needless to say, service is great.  Fairly typical Diner menu, but it's done to perfection.  Big breakfast platters served up on skillets.  Eggs cooked just right. Crispy bacon.Gigantic fluffy pancakes.  Banana stuffed French Toast with pecan caramel sauce is craveable.  Like it's 4pm, and I want some right now.  I wish this place was closer to my house because i'd go every weekend.  I don't know how I went so long without knowing about it, but now I do, and I will most certainly return.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,7/18/2014,60,132,1,8,2>What a hidden gem this spa turned out to be. Last minute appointment accepted. I got an hour back massage and hour facial.  What a relaxing experience, music was just soothing and very romantic, musical current love songs.  Atmosphere was low light, aromatherapy was all over to help relieve your stress. All staff was very friendly and listened very well.          My back massage therapist came in and introduced herself, very impressed and then asked the strength that I wanted, which I think is very important to be asked.           My facial therapist was very good as well. She must have put over 10 different lotions on my face, each one bringing a new relaxing fragrance.  The price was $50 for my facial and $35 for the massage. Try this joint out!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/17/2014,156,116,4,9,5>I had an expensive handbag and the zipper broke apart from the actual bag.  I brought the bag to a tailor (located in a dry cleaner place in Hicksville) and they said they would not be able to repair the bag with their machine.  They referred me to Michael's.  I brought my bag in late Wednesday afternoon.  Michael looked at my bag and said he could fix it for $20.00.  He told me I could pick it up Friday.  As promised, the bag was ready Friday morning and he did a great job!  Now I have my favorite bag to use again.  I will keep him in mind next time I need something fixed!  I also noticed he had quite a few bags in the back and lots of things to work on so people must know to come here already :) Also, quick tip, he only takes cash.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,7/16/2014,119,115,4,6,6>Some business people need more than one opportunity to establish a great reputation.  Others - like the people at Health Mart - simply exude a friendly and helpful character.  I'd previously been a CVS acolyte, not out of any special loyalty, but simply due to their ubiquity.  This changed with a recent health scare my wife experienced.  I ran all over the Oceanside/Baldwin/Freeport area looking for a pharmacy which carried what I thought to be a fairly common piece of medical equipment.  And after my fourth mega-pharmacy visit, it dawned on me.  CVS, Walgreens, Rite-Aid and the like are not in the pharmacy business.  They are nothing more than convenience stores which fill prescriptions.Finally, after giving up nearly all hope of finding what I needed, I stopped into this small store and was immediately greeted by a young man behind the counter who eagerly and sincerely asked if I needed assistance.  In a mega pharmacy, you can barely get the clerks to put down their cell phones long enough to look at you, let alone do it with authenticity.  This man directed me to the pharmacist, a middle aged woman who patiently went through the THREE options of the equipment I needed.  After going through all the features, she told me to go with the cheapest one since the primary functions of all three were basically the same.When I returned home that night, I told my wife we were moving all our prescriptions to Health Mart.  No looking back.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/15/2014,117,234,12,19,16>Yelp! Saves the day and hooks us up with an excellent meal on the way home from Brooklyn and a visit with the family. A great place with an entrance in the front on the main drag and another in the back where all the parking really is. Very rustic inside, they made the Plancha Tapas and Wine Bar look like you are NOT in a strip mall on the main road in town.We got a couple of great seats on the corner of the bar so we could talk and watch as a very busy cook prepared all of the tapas right in front of us. A glass of Cava for the mad Russian and a Martini for me. We opted for Patatas Bravas with a great cumin dipping sauce that had the right kind of bite, the pulpo- also excellent and flavorful. I'd even venture to say that it ranked among the best we ever had. Also very delicious was the Bone Marrow. Served with bread, it was both flavorful and warming to your insides. Each plate was delivered to stand on its own and was spaced appropriately so we could enjoy each one on its own merit. The result was an excellent meal, with a great ambience that will surely have us coming back.Although we didn't try them, also available are some great looking cheese plates and meat plates. You are even given the option to mix and match your favorites.Prices--- very appropriate for the quality and the overall restaurant experience you'll have. Four drinks and three small plates followed by a delicious panna cotta and coffee- less than $85---- in other words, priceless!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,7/14/2014,72,191,4,5,4>Why did the human cross the street? To go to the chicken wing place.  Ha ha ha.  On a serious note, what a gem Ideal Wings & Pommes Frites is!!!  It is the take out part of the new Ideal Wine and Cheese Cafe (equally as yum).  When I saw the sign go up for this place, I had butterflies in my stomach - literally.  In my opinion, most of the wings in Huntington Village are no bueno, with a few exceptions of course.  I figured that this new place would hold me over until I got to the mecca of chicken wings - Buffalo Wild Wings -  I was WRONG.  The wings at Ideal Wings are SO delicious and if you can even believe it, better than Buffalo Wild Wings.  The wings are ALWAYS crispy, the sauces are homemade, delicious, taste fresh, and are not overwhelming at all.  My personal fav : The Habanero Mango.  I have tasted this flavor elsewhere and I have loved it, but the overwhelming HOT flavor that made my lips swell and my eyes tear just didn't do it for me. Here, the flavor is subtle and not too hot. The wings always come with tons of carrots and celery.  The fancy Pomme Frites (french fries) are delightful,  and must be tasted to be believed.   They offer a pretty decent takeout menu of melts, soups, etc. I have been here several times and the quality is always consistent.Definitely worth a try, I have a feeling you'll be hooked.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/13/2014,375,757,3,4,3>RVC was in major need of an upscale bar. Enter: Parlay.I always assumed whatever replaced the shuttered McFadden's would have the same fate. Not so sure anymore!Parlay is dubbed as RVC's (first) gastropub. I don't know if I would categorize it as such, but it definitely had delicious food.My boyfriend and I shared wings. Side note: They have daily specials; Thursday is 30 cent wings! The wings were one of the best I've had, especially on Long Island. They were super crispy and smoky, with a strong buffalo sauce flavor. We couldn't help but get a second order.We also split the French dip sandwich with fries. It was average, but I must say that it might have tasted less than stellar because my mouth was still burning from the wings.I washed everything down with a blood orange pale ale (my new favorite beer, which was also  1/2 price that day).A nice addition to the area. Definitely an upgrade from McFadden's.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,7/12/2014,232,277,4,7,7>This cronut craze has definitely hit Long Island bakeries although there was no line at Buon Amici in Smithtown when I walked in at 10:30am.  I love a good chocolate croissant but never cared much for donuts, and am curious as to what a cronut would be like.  I've yet to try the Ansel cronut in NYC, so for now one from Buon Amici will have to do.  The bakery is spacious and clean with plenty of beautiful pastries, cakes, chocolates on display.  They have several flavors of cronuts-jelly, hazelnut, chocolate, cannoli, etc.  I picked a hazelnut one.  It was definitely bigger than the regular donut from dunkin donuts but the price was quite steep at $4.5.  The dough was definitely less dense than a donut but wasn't as flakey and airy as a croissant.  This particular cronut was stuffed generously with light hazelnut cream although I couldn't taste much hazelnut flavor.  All in all a good cronut, but not worth its price.  Maybe the Dominique Ansel one is worth it?
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,7/11/2014,35,132,,2,2>Tara Inn is an area institution. Well known from near and far. The staff are super nice and this place offers inexpensive food - that's pretty good. It gets packed at times. You will see a very diverse crowd at Tara Inn: businessmen/women, bikers, families, college kids, etc. When entering, don't be put off by the décor...it adds to the overall ambience. Anything fancier would detract from the fact that you get what you see at Tara Inn. Cold beer. Cheap food. Friendly bar and waitstaff.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,7/10/2014,14,16,,3,1>Mannino's definitely pays more attention to detail when making their food compared to other Italian spots in the area. They use quality ingredients and have a good mix of traditional dishes v. modern Italian. Usually there's a few creative specials if you're up for that.I like their cheese/meat platter, the Veal Mannino, Penne Dolce Vita, and pretty much everything else I've eaten there.It's clean, the staff is friendly, and the owner is always there keeping an eye on things. You can also sit at the bar or in a sort of lounge area and eat if you don't want to have a standard dining experience.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,7/9/2014,17,5,3,5,3>My family has been coming here for years.  We always order gyros and greek salad from this restaurant!The prices are reasonable and the portions are generous.  I LOVE their salad.  I could live on Akropolis salad for forever.  The gyros are large and satisfying.  I usually get the Spinach Pie combo: spinach pie (generous size!), small salad, and I get the 16 ounce Lemon Egg drop soup (I love this soup, as well as the chicken orzo and beef barley soup).  To be quite honest, I don't order much else on the menu.  I suppose I like sticking to the basics, which are done quite well at this restaurant.  I cannot speak for anything else other than what I've mentioned above.  Great for takeout!  If you dine in, there is complimentary pita bread and chick peas.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,7/8/2014,11,41,3,4,3>It has been years since I have eaten at the Black Forest Brew House. It seems to have improved quite a bit, which makes sense given it's longevity.I started with the in-house brewed pilsner, which was a little too hoppy for my taste, and the cloudiness was a little off-putting for a pilsner. But thankfully it was at least cold enough so despite the drawbacks I still had two.We shared the Black Forest Lager fondue withe the fresh baked pretzels as an appetizer. This was about as good as I have had. The beer-cheese fondue stayed nice and soft while we worked our way through the pretzels, and the flavor was terrific; a little cheesy, a little beer-y, just right.My son had the filet mignon club sandwich, which he reports was fantastic. He loved the remoulade sauce, although he deemed it a little too spicy which surprised me. The onion rings that came with it were immediately stole (by me) and they were made from real, fresh onions. They were big, crunchy, and very tasty.I had the Horseradish-Cheddar burger which also came on a soft pretzel bun. The horseradish sauce was tangy but not overly hot, and the burger was big and juicy and cooked perfectly. The pretzel bun, after the fondue was a little too much pretzel for one night, but that was my fault, not theirs.The fried pierogis that came with the burger were starch overload. Also they were not fried in butter, so they came out a little dry for my liking.The food did take a long time to come out. But at least it was fresh and hot and ready to be eaten. Just don't go here if you are in a hurry.All in all, I found the BFBH to be pretty good. Four stars yes. A return trip, yes. Five stars, not so much.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,7/7/2014,14,81,3,8,6>Wanted to bring my friend to a nice restaurant for her b-day. She has been feeling a little bummed so I needed to make sure it was a good place. Came across this on yelp since it was around where she lived. The menu caught my attention immediately as i looked at the food pictures and the menu i probably started to salivate a little. Drink:Catdaddy (Really refreshing)Appetizer:Pulled Chicken Arancini Arborio Crusted Scallops (I enjoyed this much more but that could be because I love Scallops - YUMMMMM)Dinner:Pasta Dish - forgot the name (was a Saturday special) - The dish consisted of:Penne PastaChickenString BeansCream SauceCabernet Braised Beef Short Rib - this tasted like heaven. The meat was so tender and juicy I may dream about this shortly.Not only was the food amazing but the service was amazing as well and thats what gives this place 5 stars.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,7/6/2014,63,119,7,8,6>Going in I had heard that this place did things a little differently.   That was absolutely NOT reinforced walking in.   Besides the giant blinking arrow sign in front, this place was about as standard looking for a Long Island diner as you can get.   Right down to the chrome decor, neon, waitress uniforms, booths, and counter area.   So I was NOT AT ALL expecting what happened when we sat down.This place isn't your typical diner at all!  The menu is really more like a high end restauranteur's take on diner comfort food.   Lots of fresh ingredients, lots of care in the preparations and plating of the food.  And of course like any good new american restaurant, lots of references to truffle and lobster.   The dish I had, Corn Flake crusted chicken francese was prepared quite well, plated beautifully and came with some truffle (there we go again) mashed potatoes and a bit of cole slaw ( I guess there is where the diner influence snuck in ).I'll be back.  Especially to see what they can do with breakfast.  Cool place if you can deal with your expectations being messed with a bit.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,7/5/2014,21,31,4,5,6>I'm eating their lamb gyro while I'm writing this review and it's delicious! I ordered takeout and to my surprise each lamb gyro order comes with two smaller gyros! I wasn't too fond of the fries in the gyro but halfway through I felt like it worked with it. Next time, I'll ask for lettuce (it doesn't come with it) only because it's what I'm used to. Great flavour, the bread is soft, the lamb is delicious!FYI I was super hesitant ordering from this place for a while because I was emotionally attached to GyroLIcious, but this place is amazing! Even the customer service was great. While I was waiting for my takeout order, the woman at the counter offered me a glass of water while I waited. I was surprised because that never happened to me before :'D. Definitely worth a visit!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,7/4/2014,45,38,4,4,3>This is the conversation I was having via text while waiting for my food. "The waitress just offered me a special. It was an omelette with spicy guacamole. But she pronounced it guak a mol. This place charges far too much for that bullshit. I want to slap her.""Hahaha!""Everyone knows you pronounce the e, she's being willfully ignorant.""That's the way we say it hurr, you don't like if you can git out.""I will, but if y'all can't say it right, I'm taking all the guacamole with me. Y'all don't get to have any avocadoy goodness if you're gonna be willfully ignorant.""Ok, you can stay. The rest of the tan folk gotta go."This is to illustrate my annoyance with the waitress and also the ridiculousness of my friends. But then a mouthwateringly delicious egg sandwich and a killer cappuccino showed up on my table and all was forgiven. Good food and coffee does a lot to calm my morning grumpiness.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,7/3/2014,31,60,4,7,4>Finally, I have made it back to Sapscukers. I must say, this review is going to parallel my first one ...I still love the appetizers more than my meal. I ordered a pretzel and wings again (both did not disappoint! And that is surprising considering I was remembering them from a year ago and had high expectations. I would order them again! And hopefully soon.) I also finally got the pierogis. They were pretty good, but I'm still thinking the pretzel braid and the wings are the way to go!This visit was different because I was motivated by hunger and a need for a nice stout beer. I got an Elisyum on tap and it was super nice and served in a snifter which made me happy as can be. As for my meal, I had an insane hot dog special. It sounded better than it tasted and I was reminded that I should come here for beer and appetizers. The rest of my party seemed to enjoy themselves.I would also like to put it out there that our waiter was quite good and I was very pleased with the excellent and happy service.For a Sunday, it was quite busy and I liked that. We had to wait for a table for three and the bar was full. Definitely a good place to go on a Sunday afternoon, enjoy a beer, and hide from the cold.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,7/2/2014,4,24,3,7,3>If I could give this restaurant 4 1/2 stars, I would. After seeing a friend's (shout out to Keith K) Yelp review, I knew I had to come. It's on Hempstead Turnpike in the Uncle Guiseppe's and Jake's Wayback Burgers strip mall. What a gem! Service was very good and very friendly. I'll definitely be back. You start off with a complimentary pita basket with a dill, yogurt-like dipping sauce. It came out warm and hit the spot. We tried the Sambuseh (crispy dumplings filled with chickpeas and vegetables)...kind of like a Samosa. It was okay...can't go wrong with fried food. But I felt like the filling (chickpeas and veg all mashed up) could have been more flavorful.For entrees, I had the Barg (steak) Kebob with white rice, and it was delish! You can pick the temp of your meat, but mine was pretty much well done (I asked for medium) but it didn't really affect the meat...it was tender and very flavorful. The rice was yummy, and the beef is served on top of a flatbread pita that soaks up all the juices and tastes great. You also get half of a grilled tomato, lemon and onion on the other side of the plate. The bf had the Jujeh (cornish hen with bone) Kebob, and it was soooo good! I will definitely order it next time. Seems like you get more with the Jujeh Kebob, but I think it's because it comes with the bone. He tried the Barberry Rice (extra $2.75) and he liked it a lot. It's a rice with cranberries, so there's a hint of sweet and sour.When we checked in on Yelp, there's an offer for a free dessert. I've never used one of these before, so I tapped it and a timer starts to count down...yikes! I had 4 minutes to order...good thing I did it after we finished our entrees. The waiter was very familiar with the offer, and he took my phone and tapped on it so it was redeemed. We chose to go with the Persian Ice Cream but there are other desserts (mostly American). The Persian Ice Cream comes out in a large martini glass and they are shaped in little rectangular blocks. I liked it...but it's not something I will crave. It has pistachios in it (yum) but I'm not exactly sure what flavor the ice cream was...vanilla? The bf said there were too many pistachios...maybe it masked the flavor of the ice cream.Definitely worth a visit, if you haven't tried it yet.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,7/1/2014,11,98,3,5,3>WARNING:  Must come hungry and with a big wallet.Now that we got the disclaimer out of the way, onto the review.  Churrasqueria Bairrada is a tasty Portuguese BBQ establishment out in Mineola (with a similar churrasqueria not even a mile away owned by the same people).  As some have told you, this place fills up quick and when I say quick I mean within an hour the place is full.  I do not recommend you come here for a late dinner but rather for a late lunch or early dinner between 3 - 4 PM otherwise be prepared to wait for at least 45 minutes.  The parking in their back isn't enough to accompany the flood of people that arrive (and its an average sized lot at that) so I recommend parking on a nearby side street.  It gives you a way to work off your meal for an extra 100 steps.Once you sit down, the service is quick and friendly, however you'll be hard pressed to find much in the way of elbow room when all the food is placed on the table (more on that later).The menu isn't that big but that's a positive here since they focus on their strengths and not overload the menu with mediocre choices.  The big draw, which most churrasquerias have is the rodizio; for $35 you can have as much meat as you can eat as waiters come and cut off various dishes off a skewer for you to sample including pork chops, chicken, sausage, turkey wrapped in bacon and more.  They also will bring a slew of side dishes to the table where everyone can take from at their heart's delight.  The sides include salad, black beans, rice, french fries, home made potato chips (sometimes they forget to bring them), collard greens, plantains, and some cold broccoli and carrots.  The sangria, which you can get in red or white, is fantastic and has a nice fruity taste even if it doesn't taste too strong.  The remaining dishes and desserts are are on the pricey side, but in this case you tend to get what you paid for.Some have mentioned that the seasonings on the meat taste similar, and I'd somewhat agree with those sentiments.  With that said, I'm a fan of their variety of choices and none of the meats is below the level of decent.  The sausage and chicken is fantastic and I'm a big fan of their sides.  The few times I've gone here I tend to eat until I nearly burst.  The black beans and plantains are particularly standouts amongst the sides.The desserts are excellent too.  The Heavenly Delights, a parfait-type dish is light and tasty and their strawberry cheesecake is very sweet.  Everyone in my party was very satisfied with what they had and left beyond stuffed.Yes the final bill might be higher than you'd hope to spend but you can't deny that they're doing something right with the preparation and quality of their meats.  Its worth checking out if you're in the mood for something off the beaten path and if you're extremely hungry this place won't disappoint.  Give the Bairrada a chance.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,6/30/2014,477,177,5,7,7>This is now the second time  I dined at Vincent's & I was equally impressed as I was the first time many years ago. The server, Junior was extremely attentive & truly gave us superb service! We were greeted immediately by him & he asked is what we wanted to drink or start with if we were ready for apps. We ordered the Ceaser salad & fried mozzarella app to fulfill my pregnant friend's craving. Both were good, but I've had better at other restaurants. The Cheesecake Factory/Grand Lux Cafe has the best Ceaser dressing around to be honest. For dinner, we shared the Tortellini Alfredo with chicken, Rigatoni a la Vodka with chicken & a Margherita pizza. The pasta dishes were very good & I enjoyed them but the pizza was very soft & had no crisp to it whatsoever, although it was thin & I do appreciate that. The server anticipated our needs & silently refilled our drinks & offered to wrap left overs. The bussers cleaned the table promptly. We orders cappuccinos & they were served with a small biscotti on the side; again very good, but not the best ever. I saw people eating chicken dish entrees everywhere I looked & I must admit I regret not demanding we share a chicken parm or francese. Those dishes are huge & looked amazing from afar. The waiter then brought us a complimentary Napolean dessert to share which was very nice, although we were way too stuffed to actually eat it. I took it home & took a bite; again good, but not the best. I am giving 4 stars because the service was superb & the food was good, but not stellar. I still prefer Mama Theresa's any day for Italian & pastries from Dortonis, no ifs ands or buts about it. I will come again one day in the future & order chicken parm & baked clams without a doubt.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,6/29/2014,194,165,6,12,9>This is the best kept secret here in nassau county, its great for all ages.   Now for the museum. It is housed in three of the original hangars from the old Mitchel Air Force Base. the place is kept is clean and maintained as best they can. They survive mostly on donations.  The employees that work here are great very informative and polite.  also they have alot of volunteers that are veterans, and they love to share their stories.  all you have to do is ask..I cannot say enough about how great  the Cradle of Aviation Museum is. Aviation enthusiasts could spend days here, children love it for parties , school groups come back more than once.  They also have the IMAX theatre awesome....this museum needs everyones support.  We dont have to many museums like this in long island ,please lets keep it alive...
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,6/28/2014,273,306,7,8,7>Bobby Flay, you've done good.Was in the mall getting my phone fixed when I felt a pang of hunger hit my stomach. I've been reading a bunch of reviews from my yelp friends speaking highly of this place so I decided to pop in. I didn't really like that you have to walk outside to get in, especially in late January. Not cool.My sister and I were greeted upon arrival, placed our orders, and took a seat. Upon first view I found the place to be smaller than I expected. But, there was ample seating and it was far from busy when we were dining in.It took about 3 minutes to receive our burgers. My sister ordered the Napa and I ordered the classic but added bacon. We also got onion rings and fries. Burgers came out about 5 minutes before the rest of our order. That was strange for me. I wish it had all came out together, especially when it wasn't busy. As for the food, it was pretty good. Mine was cooked rare just how I liked it. But it wasn't special. Nothing particularly exciting about it, but I guess that's my fault for not ordering a more gourmet burger. I did love the bun it was served on. Though my sister enjoyed hers, the portion of goats cheese was a little overwhelming. Onion rings were on point. I wish they had some fun dipping sauce to go with it though. The fries were perfect and the fry sauce was spicy and addicting. Food was good, price was pretty good, and service was okay. I'd come in when in the area again, but there's always Shake Shack 10 minutes away.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,6/27/2014,65,130,3,5,3>Mavis does it again... 5 (million) stars.Got my brakes changed and the guys bought me and my girlfriend pizza.Had my brakes checked in the summer and Mavis told me that they were actually only 50% worn (despite the dealer saying they were 75% worn) and recommended I get them check around this time.  I did and they were ready to be replaced.  I was told it would take about an hour (30min for the parts to get there and 30 for the labor).  I was pretty hungry and so was my lady so I figured I'd order a pizza.  The guys were pretty hungry too so they ordered pizza for all of us.  When I asked how much it was for the four slices, they said nothing.Honestly the work and customer service here are unparalleled.  I cannot go anywhere else.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,6/26/2014,425,101,4,5,5>Before my best friend, C*, and I went to Jones Beach, we took a detour to this place with what C* raved as "the best sandwiches ever!" I raised an eyebrow in skepticism but I didn't raise or lower my expectations. I wanted something really refreshing and light for such a warm day so I ordered the Shrimp Salad roll on a soft kaiser bun. Ravenous by the time we settled down on sand, I unwrapped my purchase to find... bit.ly/1dI1PVSMmm Even in appearance, it was large due to the generous filling of shrimpy goodness. The shrimp was fresh and plump. Your teeth just kind of sink into soft bun until you get that bite and crunch from shrimp and celery. bit.ly/1lRdY20 It also came with slaw (or your choice of mac/potato salad) and a pickle. Overall, their sandwiches were pretty satisfying, considering I only managed to eat half of my roll. C* won this round..
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/25/2014,90,119,8,21,15>Tate's Restaurant gets a 5 from me! I consider it a little gem especially since it's on a busy stretch of Smithtown Boulevard and most of the places to eat in this general vicinity are kind of meh. Though I do love Little Vincent's & Nesconset Bagel Cafe but they got nothing on Tate's!Upon walking into Tate's I tend to forget where I am and feel like I should be sitting in the restaurant whether it be in Brooklyn or Manhattan. It's been awhile since I had a meal there and they keep updating the space to become even more cozy and intimate. ** HEADS UP ** The menu does change frequently but there's usually a few staples that Jack (the Chef) will keep on there such as appetizers like the Orecchiette, Crab Cakes, Meatballs. He always tends to have Shrimp Francaise (which is always a nice treat!!) and some sort of beef that just falls apart with a flavorful horseradish cream as entrees.We opted to do the Prix Fixe as usual and we started with the Orecchiette and the Crab Cakes. Man oh man... I just love the crab cakes. Everything that comes out of that kitchen comes out beautiful. Beautiful in flavor and on the plate. I love when I take a bite of food or bread (by the way he also makes that fresh too!!!) and you can taste all of the love that's put into it. All of the food here in my opinion just oozes of love. The bread usually comes with a head of roasted garlic (but if he doesn't have that he'll make something else like a Caponata). The garlic is perfect too! After our appetizers we got the Beef Brasato. I thought about getting the Shrimp Francaise (since it is Lent after all) but since our waitress Kelly said that it was like the Short Ribs he makes but less fatty I was sold. Hell... I was already kind of sold because I saw the horseradish cream (which I absolutely love)! The beef just fell apart every time I cut a piece and took a bite. It was so good!!!Dessert we got to go and we had the Chocolate Cake & the Salted Caramel & Butterscotch pudding (I think that's what it is). It's served in a short wide mouth mason jar and come to think of it... I've got to bring back the empty clean mason jar.So if you haven't tried it... you really should!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,6/24/2014,140,122,4,8,9>5 stars after 2 visits( Wednesday) My son was coming into the Mineola train station, the train was late. I was in need of Sustenance,  and i am a sucker for an Irish Pub. The location of this Pub is Prime, because between the train traffic, and the Winthrop hospital traffic.. plus all the other businesses in that immediate vicinity makes it " the spot" to grab a drink, and a snackie poo.The burger deluxe was absolutely fabulous.. i mean deliciously cooked to perfection. SERVICE was terrific as well. I said to myself then and there I need to come back to have a drink and see the soul of the place, I learned they were having an open mic night that very night..( I love a pub that has live music)  at this point I was totally sold on this place.(Thursday) Took a cab and had a couple of Stella's.  I had a fine time. Again service was up beat and friendly. Patrons were a mix of suits, scrubs, skirts and jeans.I  personally never use that train station, or that hospital, LOL LOL ..that said, I now have a spot to recommend to people who are going to be using either or. I do believe i will return to maybe check out the musical stylings of the local talent. or if i want to be off the grid..HA HA HAFor what it is .. it gets 5 stars!!  PLUS decent pub food and overall excellent service!Thank you!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,6/23/2014,117,113,8,9,6>I vacillated between a 4 and 5, simply because their small plates and soups aren't sold before 4pm (which knocks it off of my places I can stop by for lunch), and the cheese boards have a limited selection when compared with the ones for sale at the counter. Of course, yes, I could simply buy one of the cheeses individually and have them plate it, but at $18 for 3 cheeses ("for 2" although I'd easily devour that flying solo!) it's not like I'm getting a discount on the pre-chosen plates. But I digress...CHEESUS CHRIST this new joint is freakin AWESOME. It's so much bigger than the previous incarnation, and comfortable in all the right ways. Surrounded by wood, there is a rustic vibe throughout that really meets the farmhouse-provisions where cheese, jams, and pickled goodness have their origins.  Even the lighting is comfortable, with Edison bulbs draped across the ceilings. The few times I've been here, they've had on some old school roots reggae playing softly enough to not compete with conversations (or ones thoughts/reading if hanging out solo).  The cheese selections are pretty varied, with some difficult to find obscurities sprinkled in here and there as well as the standard favorites. The small rotating beer list incorporates local brews that pair well with different cheeses, and the wine list matches them as well for whatever mood you're in. The small plates menu changes REALLY frequently (weekly?) and they're cognizant of updating their website, so check it before you go. On my last visit, I got to try some mozzarella skewers with balsamic vinegar and olives, as well as melted Gorgonzola on flatbread with prosciutto. Both had well balanced complimentary flavors and were just the right size for 2 to nosh on, or 1 for a light meal. I also hear the soups are not to be missed. Cheese plates come with fresh bread, fig jam, and an assortment of nuts. While fig jam pairs well with almost any cheese, I'd like another option or 2 for jams myself (but I'm a curmudgeon, so take that into account please). You can also pick up a HUGE variety of (locally sourced) jams, chutneys, and pickled-everything from their shelves. Take a few minutes to browse, and you'll find something that catches the eye (or more likely, stomach) to take home. Be sure to grab a few pieces of fudge from near the register as well - they sell out quickly, which speaks more than my review ever can!Service has always been friendly and engaging, as well as educational regarding the stories behind the cheeses offered. Rumor has it that they're trying to get approval for the side-yard to have tables and set up a projector for the warmer months to watch some movies and have music. Please write the local representatives and advocate for such a cool scene to develop!!(Parking around back, through an entrance on the side street, or across the street in the train/municipal lot)
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/22/2014,158,144,1,8,5>You cannot call yourself a local craft beer expert until you have been to Bellport. It is a rite of passage into the craft beer community. I thought in the first room that was all, there were already so many varieties of craft beer and rare bottles, then you make it up the ramp into the second room and there is just more amazing beers as far as the eye can see set up by geographical location of the brewery. Then there in the center island in there dedicated to just LOCAL craft beers! I dare you to go there and NOT buys something. It just will not happen. More so Dave, the owner, is a great guy. The staff are all very knowledgeable and helpful. Many thanks to Kevin for the tour and a look into "The vault".You love craft beer? I don't care if you live an hour away, haul your ass out there for a great selection of craft beer!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,6/21/2014,182,171,4,7,4>Cabo Fresh is a California / Mexican grill with only two locations on Long Island, Stony Brook & Commack. This place is really good, the food is so fresh and delicious, and the counter help so friendly and ready to explain your different options or any questions you may have. They serve gourmet burritto's with a choice of a flour or whole wheat tortilla with baja rice, black or pinto beans, choice of meat(grilled chicken,grilled steak,roasted beef, or sweet pork carnitas) or seafood(grilled shrimp or seared Ahi tuna). Baja bowl same as above but without the tortilla. That's what I enjoyed and they split half chicken/steak. The Guacamole is 1.95 extra but so worth it, great taste and homemade. They also serve quesadillas,nachos, fruit smoothies, and have a kids menu. This is truly a great place when you are looking for a Mexican grill to chow down. Watch out Chipotle there's a new burritto in town and it's Cabo fresh.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,6/20/2014,40,234,3,8,4>How is it possible I've never written a review for this place, and have only checked in once?  I'm seriously slacking.  Del Fuego on the other hand is bringing it every night of the week.  Great chips, awesome guacamole, and taco's are the sh*; especially the ground beef and BBQ pulled pork.  Oh, and did I mention tacos are only $2 every day of the friggin' week until 4pm?   What?  You want two more tips?  OK fine...great beer and tequila lists and the staff is super friendly.   One quick negative...the space is small, so good chance you'll wait for a table on the weekends.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/19/2014,285,275,4,8,4>Long Island runners, before you go out for your next run in those shoes you bought at Modell's or Dick's, please do yourself a favor and get a proper fitting for the right shoes for you at New York Running Company.  I was due for a new pair since I had recently retired my New Balances after my first half marathon.  Mary and Anthony, both seasoned runners, were very helpful in the whole shoe selection process.  My gait was analyzed on their treadmill, which features a video camera to capture your gait frame-by-frame, and from that and a few questions, they made recommendations on the type of shoe I should be running with.  I tried on at least 7 different pairs of shoes, each time getting on the treadmill so they could assess whether or not a particular pair worked for me.  After several tries, I eventually found the perfect pair that fit my needs.  (And upon the maiden voyage of these shoes, it was reaffirmed that these shoes were awesome!!)  Aside from a large selection of shoes (New Balance, Mizuno, Brooks, Asics, Nike, and more), there is clothing, socks, accessories, an impressive array of GU gels, compression wear, runner gifts, etc.  They also have different events going on, like demos, evening runs, etc.  This place is shopping heaven for runners.  I'm so happy it's close by in Garden City.  5 stars for the outstanding level of customer service, selection, and location.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,6/18/2014,140,162,10,8,5>One of the things that I love in life the most is cheese. Cheese + wine = perfection. They have a wonderful selection here, and lots to sample out front. If you want to try something else you see in the case, they will gladly cut the cheese for you and allow you to sample it. Yes, I'm aware I used "cut the cheese". I like cheesy humor. Okay, okay - I'll stop now. They have a very knowledgeable staff here if you want to talk cheese. I always get the gruyere, yum! They don't carry Emmentaler, but that's okay - the delicious gruyere makes up for that. Additionally, they sell olive oils, jams, little snack crackers and the like. The sandwich board outside has bore the slogan "Sweet dreams are made of cheese, who am I to dis a brie" for a few months. It's cute, but it's been the same for awhile so I think they should update it. May I suggest..."The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese" or "Cheese always a woman to mascarpone". Hmm...that didn't make much sense. Perhaps...."The Manchego of La Mancha looks so gouda in bleu (cheese). Alright, alright...I'll Swiss...err, I mean, stop.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,6/17/2014,2,51,5,7,4>So we came here for New Year's Eve.  OMG!  First off, it was crazy busy!!  We did make a reservation & somehow we still ended up waiting for a table!  Guess they didn't plan for people to linger as long as they were.  This will be my only complaint.The food was awesome!I have eaten here before & never had a problem with the food, the staff or anyhing.  And New Year's Eve would be nothing less than expected....great food!!I ordered the shrimp & lobster rissotto.  OMG!  It was heavenly!  Lots of seafood in an amazing sauce with this wonderfully fluffy rice & just packed with flavor!!  Everyone wanted to taste my dish.....I share....it's only right.  But OMG how I wanted to lick the bowl clean!For dessert I had this strawberry banana Napoleon.....delicious!  Again, everyone wanted what was on my plate.We drank some wine, laughed & had great night together.I need to come back here more often.  Our service was awesome.  Not once did we get overlooked.  And anyone paying attention to our kids is a great server!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,6/16/2014,399,1359,5,7,5>When Williams-Sonoma closed in the Smithaven Mall, I said to myself why?? It's such a rockin' store. Quality cookware and they had the best free samples!Psst. Here's some good news. They opened a huge outlet location in the Tanger Mall and have some crazy discounted items. I'm sure throughout the years you had a nice set of wine glasses. My history, One broke at the stem, one broke while washing and one broke from dropping on the floor. So we both have mismatched glasses. Come out east with me to Williams-Sonoma outlet. I recently purchased (4) really nice new wine glasses, a replacement Waffle maker that I  broke, An amazing Hot Chocolate mix and (4) highball glasses for NY whiskey that I purchased at the Empire Cellar Wine store.So what did we learn. Gadgets and Gizmos? They got plenty!I love this Outlet store most of all, its a hidden gem
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,6/15/2014,287,356,6,7,4>I switched dental offices because my sister works here as a hygienist. So yeah, I am going to be a bit biased towards her work. I'm proud of my sister and she's very good at what she does, and I should know because I've been in the chair with her so many times (and i even started to doze off on my first visit here)I've been the guinea pig for my sister since her hygiene school days. I was one of the first person she did an injection on. While there will always be some discomfort with cleaning teeth, it really does help if you take good care of your teeth. Since she became a DH I've listened to her advice, flossing more and so on and my visits have been less painful and with better reports.The office is very nice, the waiting room has a big tv and magazines. The dentist was also a good and he was the first dentist I had that didn't cause me to wince when checking for cavities. It has a big parking lot, but it's also very busy, I recommend, depending on your direction, coming in frm the Mobil station entrance, the one on Northern can be insanely hard to turn to, especially if you're coming from the direction of the Americana.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,6/14/2014,102,354,3,6,6>I am all about this place.Went here for the first time with my boyfriend last night. It felt like a really nice place to visit and work. I always love a homemade ice cream shop!The decor was welcoming and whimsical. There is room to sit down and eat your ice cream, which is nice since a lot of ice cream stores do not have space to sit and eat. I was immediately taken back by the amount of original flavors available. Everything from regular ice cream to custard, soft served, etc. Of course I had no idea which one to go with. Then the sweetest young lady from behind the counter greeted us with a huge and eager smile. I have never seen someone so happy to work in the food industry before.  I wish I got her name because she was like the best employee ever! So very kind. She said to us that we were allowed to have as many samples of the ice cream as we wanted. I was like that is crazy! However we did not want to be rude so we just tried two. We went with a large cup with 3 scoops.... 1 boston creme pie... 1 birthday cake.. and 1 cookie dough. The texture of all the icecreams was fantastic. Just the right amount of creamy and refreshing! I really could taste the boston creme pie! These had to be extra big scoops, but this was way bigger then a normal 3 scoop dish. The cup cost just over $5 which I was very okay with. I have gone to a lot of homemade ice cream parlors and usually find them to be very expensive. This was a time were I left very comfortable and impressed by the ice cream, and price!WILL BE BACK WITH FAMILY!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,6/13/2014,1,26,3,6,3>Ambience: A Cleanliness: ACustomer Service: AFood: BOverall Rating: A-Price -If not for the price this restaurant would have gotten five stars. Its not that I'm opposed to spending a lot of money on good food (and it was good food) I just don't think it was good enough to warrant the high price tag. Expect to spend a minimum of $75 per person (not including tip) if you skip the alcohol and go with soda. Atmosphere-Its a very large restaurant but layout makes it feel intimate. -The noise level was at a minimum and having dinner conversation was no problem. -The lighting was perfect, set the mood for a nice fancy dinner.-All and all you feel like you are enjoying five star dining. Costumer Service -I've done to Ruth Chris on several occasions; twice with a large group, twice with two people and the last time with a group of three. Wait staff as ranged from extremely friendly to just pleasantly cordial but the one thing I must give them credit for is adjusting to any size group. Where other restaurants sometimes seem to have trouble handling a large crowd, Ruth Chris has enough staff to allow ALL our food to come out at the same time and they never ask "who ordered the chicken". Very well organize and efficient staff. Food -Now the food is good BUT I've eaten at other restaurant where the food has been better and at lower prices. I'm not sure if Ruth Chris is worth the money for what you get which is why I'll go there a few times a year but its not a regular spot for me. -Some dishes that I would recommend: sweet potato casserole (YUMMY), Stuffed Chicken Breast (honestly, I feel like I can get better steak else where but I've yet to find a place to top their chicken.) Any of their salads, they are all just plain good.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,6/12/2014,81,113,3,7,6>Witches Brew is awesome on so many levels. When you walk in, you feel like you're in a little coven. The decor, music and atmosphere helps you unwind instantly. They have an extensive coffee, latte, shake, and tea menu service iced or hot straight from your individual kettle (great for tea lovers!). They have a dessert menu filled with delicious treats: cake, sundaes, s'mores, brownies, etc. And just recently, they started serving finger foods: nachos, quesadilla, tacos, etc.The only bummer with Witches Brew is the long, long wait! It doesn't matter what time you arrive on what day...you will wait at least 20 mins+ to be seated. If you have never been here though, people will tell you that it's definitely worth the wait!P.S. They only take cash...They are open until pretty late and closed on Mondays!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,6/11/2014,35,14,3,6,4>Finally got a chance to come and check out this restaurant and I am SO happy I finally did. The place is really cute inside and enjoyed the selection of Greek music. The staff was so friendly n made sure we were happy while we were there. Now being Greek I didn't need help with the menu but our waitress made sure we didn't need any help. Everything we ordered was delicious!!! OH MY GOD the octopus was AMAZING. It was cooked to perfection which is hard to find!! The saganaki, tzatziki and taramasalata was awesome. I ordered the gyro platter which came w lemon potatoes and soup. I loved it!!!!It is hard to find really good Greek restaurants and I am so happy to say I found one so close to home. Highly recommend this place and I'm looking forward to going back :)
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,6/10/2014,2,17,3,4,4>Stopped in for an early dinner with friends a few weeks back and had an awesome time. We had a drink at the bar when we saw it was happy hour, and grabbed a few apps to share of the happy hour menu. Zucchini cakes were perfect, the potato crusted scallops were great, and the bartender was extremely pleasant. We were sat in the back room, which was beautiful with all if the Christmas decorations. My half chicken was awesome and came with really nice sides. Buddies burger was huge, and everything else was great. They were busy but we never felt neglected. Opted not to have dessert even though they looked delicious. Overall great time.  Going to have to come back for brunch.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,6/9/2014,98,295,3,5,4>King Umberto's is excellent. I have been here twice in month and I love it. The food is excellent. I have enjoyed the Fried Capellini for appetizer. It is different and tastes great. For dinner the Veal Saltimbocca is excellent as well. The sauce that the veal is sautéed in is very tasty. I have also ordered the Veal Rollatini which is excellent as well. The service is also wonderful. The staff is on top of everything! No complaints at all. For a excellent Italian experience in Nassau County, I recommend King Umberto!!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,6/8/2014,40,93,3,5,3>Just great!  Went here for dinner for my boyfriend's moms BDay, party of six, and we all had a great time.First arriving to the table, there was bread in bags but they were a bit stale, probably set up earlier in the day so one thing I would change is having fresh bread.On sundays, all wine under $99 is half off so we asked the waiter for a recommendation.  He picked out a pinot noir ($60 so only $30) and it was a great choice... big fans of the wine.  BF's sister got the sangria, one of my faves, and his mom ordered a specialty cocktail that she loved.We ordered the mussels with wine sauce as an app and spinach artichoke dip.  Mussels were actually a bit fishy, but the sauce they were cooked in was really yummy.  Everyone liked the spinach artichoke dip.4 people ordered the price fix menu and me and my boyfriend's sister ordered entrees.  I was debating between the seafood fra diavolo or one of hte salads (Arugula).  I really wanted grilled seafood and the water let me know anything I want they will accommodate, very great service!For the price fix, my bf ordered the papparedelle with lobster and the mixed green salad, which had pine nuts and goat cheese, and his mom ordered the same.  They finished every last bit.  His dad ordered the italian wedding soup and the cavatelli with crumbled sweet sausage which he said was very very good.  Bf's sister ordered the marinated skirt steak with gorgonzola has and she loved the steak, said it was cooked perfect.  Her boyfriend ordered the radiatore bolognese which was braised beef short rib based, and he said it was definitely a hit  I ordered the wild arugula salad, which had spiced pecans, gorgonzola, dried cherries, poached pears and honey balsamic and I asked for grilled calamari, which was perfect!The price fix came with the nutella tiramisu, which was definitely not the greatest, smething I Would not recommend ordering.  With the price fix being 19.95, this was a hit, great deal for everything!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,6/7/2014,32,7,4,5,3>My guest and I visited Orto with last night for a belated Valentines day dinner.  We were thoroughly impressed with the food, the location, service and the value.  We went through Open table and made a reservation for 7:15pm.  We had a bit of trouble finding the location because the navigation that we were using in the car kept changing the address to 90 RT 25-A instead of 90 North Country Rd. Just something to watch out for if you are unfamiliar with the location.Some friends told me before my trip to pick up a bottle of wine on the way in and I did bc although they do sell wine and spirits they allow you to bring in a bottle and have no corking fee. I found this to be wonderful since I would rather bring something that know I like instead of hoping that a place has selection that I would enjoy.Our server was very well spoken, polite and helpful. She also had a very unique (in an awesome way) hairstyle.  She anticipated almost every need we had and provided a very high and seamless level of service.They have a 3 or 4 course Prix fixe options with their menu.  Me and my lovely guest went with the 3 courseFirst Course - Linguine with Clams - Delicious, pasta tasted homemade, clams were excellentRisotto Balls Stuffed with Bolgnese - Tasted wonderful with great textureSecond Course - Lamb Sirloin - lamb was perfectly cooked and delicious with some side items that I was not terribly familiar with but they were very good as wellRoasted Duck - It was served as a split boneless breast accompanied with fried greens, very goodThird course was DessertChocolate Cake with Almonds - I would order it again in a secondWarm Donuts with Chocolate Sauce - Good as Gold ,loved the presentation.The one thing that really made me laugh, Being 6'7" tall  I had to duck to fit into the men's room because the ceiling of this old (but beautiful) building has such a pitch that it may be awkward for some taller guests.  I thought that it was great and if you are 6ft tall or less it probably will not be an issue  Our check was very reasonable, and I plan on coming back with guests again soon. We enjoyed our visit immensely.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,6/6/2014,286,505,10,12,10>I have been in for dinner several times over the years, beginning shortly after opening.Was in last night with a group of nine for a wine dinner - our wines, Peter's food.There is no doubt Peter Kelley can cook - his original restaurant(s) in Garrison (closed)and the duo in Piermont (Xaviar's and Freelance Café) always deliver a terrific menu and delicious meal. In fact, Freelance Café is one of my favorite restaurants in the tri-state area, delivering outstanding food and service every visit.Last night was no exception on the culinary side (see more below) - the food was terrific. The rough spot has always been on the service side, and last night we noted a marked service improvement from last few visits. The only real service hiccup was that the side dishes we ordered (crispy cauliflower and spaetzle) arrived with our appetizers - I mean what was the wait staff thinking?I enjoyed the medley of warm seafood crepe in a "wipe up every last drop" sauce as my starter and then split an Iron Chef winning rib eye steak, served with au gratin potatoes and some spinach. The spinach was unremarkable and would have benefited from some seasoning. The taters were wonderful, and the steak was killer.The seasoning rub, including soy, cayenne, mustard and brown sugar, gives the steak a sweet and crispy crust. It was done to perfection (chef recommends medium rare) and almost melted in my mouth.The recipe for the steak is available on line, and I am definitely going to give this a run if Spring ever arrives to NY. Here it is if you want to give it a try:archive.lohud.com/articlThe bottom line is that X2O is a terrific destination for a special meal, but has not yet matched Xaviars and Freelance café for a total dining experience.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,6/5/2014,18,62,3,6,4>I have eaten here a handful of times and always try something different, but ever since my last visit I found the dish I love, Beef Wellington, it is absolutely delicious!  Prepared & cooked to perfection with an amazing sauce to compliment.  We also had a NY Strip steak as well as a few sides, scrumptious mac'n'cheese and asparagus.  I will comment that the asparagus was a HUGE portion, enough to feed 4 people, skinny stalks and a little too overcooked for my taste but nonetheless we thoroughly enjoyed!All in all, thumbs up for PRIME I will certainly be back and of course have the Wellington again, its a must try for any beef lovers.Last but not least, the ambiance is very nice and the staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  Service was great.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,6/4/2014,6,2,3,7,4>Living in Hicksville I've been to more than my share of Indian restaurants and I have to say this is by FAR my favorite. Today I went for lunch with my brother and father (who had never eaten Indian food before). Yes, parking stinks, especially today in the rain. Since we went for lunch we were lucky enough not to have to wait on a line. But even when that happens - trust me it's worth it. We shared a few dishes today. As an appetizer we got the Samosa Chaat. A delicious potato and pea samosa cut up and then covered in stewed chick peas and a yogurt sauce. Let's just say there were no leftovers. For our meal we shared Chicken Tikka Saag and Aloo Gobi plus 2 orders of naan. The chicken itself was delightfully flavorful and when you add the pureed spinach...well I just don't think it gets better. For the aloo gobi there were nice chunks of potato mixed with cauliflower all in a nicely spiced sauce. My dad isn't one to handle too much spice so we got our food Indian mild but I usually kick it up a notch when I'm with friends.The staff was helpful and pleasant. They checked on us several times during the meal, gave recommendations and made sure our water glasses were never empty. I will definitely be returning again and again and again. If you haven't tried it, what are you waiting for??
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,6/3/2014,382,325,12,11,10>So, even though I've lived on long Island my entire life, and love it mucho mucho, I dont really venture into the far depths of suffolk county.  Mainly the furthest I've gone to hang out is the Huntington Area - I mean, Long Island is...long.  And its a lot longer than most people give it credit for, so it takes well over an hour for me to get this far out east.My friends just moved into this particular area, so we decided to meet them out here for a few drinks.  I'm not familiar with the area, so they offered to wander and find a place.  Lo and behold...meetball place.when we first walked up, my manstuff thought that it was called "the meatball palace' and was immediately thrilled by the notion of bowls and bowls of meatballs satisfying his every whim.  While thats not exactly what happens, its not too far off.1. Decent beer selection, I like the spectrum of tap beers they have - i'm sure their bottles are just as varied.  Fully stocked liquor bar, serving their drinks in mason jars.  Ugh, so cute I get a toothache...but its okay, it fits with the place.2. Decor is fantastic.  Fantastic.  there's a nice long table with tall bar stools, booths, and plenty of seating by the bar.  the bathrooms are clean and large (one person per bathroom, which I love, but not when a bar is uber packed, it can make the lines long).  Big windows, everything is clean and new3. lots of security.  Again, I dont know much about patchogue but its got a few colleges around it, and when I told mom dukes thats where we went she wrinkled her nose and said "ugh.  hipsters and dirty college kids, and a couple of criminals, good thing you have the man with you".  so apparently theres a little bit of a crime wave in the area (think: those jerks that beat up some immigrants a few years ago pretty badly, this is that area) BUT they look like they're trying to gentrify the area so main street really didn't look bad.  except for the hipsters (GET OFF LONG ISLAND).4. Parking: blows5. Food!  okay so we ordered several different types of meatballs - they come per order with a sauce of your choice and bread.  And quite honestly, they were fantastic.  very well seasoned, moist, not dry at all, and I liked the different types they had.6. Bartenders: meh.  there were a lot of chicks serving drinks...slowly.  I also noticed that we didn't get one buy back, which I find annoying because the man was putting them down, and i was tipping with each drink.  Fix that.7. Crowd: mix of typical suffolk trash, hipsters, us...and a whole lotta dudes. meatballs AND sausages if you know what i'm sayin.  The only chics that were in there might be better off hitting the gym a few more times before summer hits.what?
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/2/2014,95,270,4,9,9>Lunch in Bay Shore!  We spent this lovely Saturday afternoon meandering thru Bay Shore. I did my "yesearch" before going and was surprised by the plethora of restaurants in the area. What to choose? Tullulah's sparked my fancy and off we went! We were a little confused when we walked in because there were a few seats in a nook near the front door, followed by a long bar, but no visible tables. The hostess escorted us to the back of the restaurant into a large, albeit austere dining room. The walls were devoid of color, the lighting was dim, and the decor was sparce. In fact the only pieces of art in the room was a bust of President Kennedy and a picture by Alfred Eisenstaedt. (Yes, I was intrigued by the print, took a picture, and googled it when i got home) We were given menus and water, ordered a Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA and glass of white sangria. The sangria was absolutley divine! Mike ordered the Cowboy Sandwich with cajun dusted french fries and I ordered the King Knish Burger with a side salad. WOW! The food was outstanding! My meal must have weighed in at 5 pounds. The burger was flavorful and juicy sitting between a large potato knish topped with pork belly, cheddar cheese and scallions. I felt like I died and went to heaven! Mike's sandwich had marinated steak, mozzerella and a sriracha aioli which was also perfectly cooked. We were smitten!The bathroom was beautifully appointed and smelled fabulous. I spy with my little eyes the source of that aroma and jotted down the make and model of the diffuser which I will purchase today at Target. Service was attentive but not overbearing. Prices were fair. I love Tullulah's and will surely return!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,6/1/2014,143,111,4,9,6>Pretty restaurant and awesome food. I got a Creole mussel pot that came with chipotle sauce, corn, and crispy crawfish tails. The meal also came with some french fries and delicious mayonnaise. I didn't want to stop eating my meal but I had to save room for dessert. For dessert I shared a Belgian waffle with whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and strawberries on it. You can't get much better than that. Waterzooi has something like 121 beers. I had a Troubadour Obscura, which was chocolaty and sweeter than most beers I've had. I'm not into beer but this was good. If you like sweets I definitely recommend it. Waterzooi has a weekend brunch from 12pm-3pm, which I'm sure is very popular. They also have a prix fixe menu Sunday-Wednesday lunch or dinner. For the prix fixe you can get three courses for $21.95.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/31/2014,62,240,5,8,4>My husband and I ate here Sunday night. I rememebered that the portions were huge so we decided to split an App, a salad and one entree. Worked out perfectly, we even brough home some of the steak. Full satisfying dinner with wine for just over $100... IF you can share. We had the lump crab cocktail, served over greens with cocktail sauce and dijon mustard dips.. the mustardk inda tasted squirted out of a bottle, they could have jazzed it up a bit, but it didnt stop me from eating it.  We split the wedge salad, which the waiter brought us on two plates... we could have split just ONE of the plates! I have to say he wasn't the least upset about sharing - in some restaurants you really get an attitude like we're doing something wrong.  I just can't see the waste when you know the portions are so big.  He brought us 2 sets of toppings and dressings for the salad, it was good and fresh and HUGE.  We had the Rumanian skirt steak and a side of baked potato and grilled garlic asparagus (in the waiters suggestion) delish. he steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and again - brought out on two plates with full accompaniments - no charge. Nice dinner, good food, no hassles. I'm a fan.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,5/30/2014,218,111,7,13,7>I came here for an early dinner on a Saturday around 4:30.  The place was pretty empty as I would expect given the time.  The beer selection was good, there were plenty of good choices.  The hostess and waitresses were friendly from the start.I started with the french onion soup which was great, came out piping hot with the melted mozzarella & swiss cheese.  The flavor was great and it had the perfect amount of bread. I also had the Irish nachos which were excellent. For my main course I had the Shepherds  Pie.  It was delicious, the beef was well seasoned and the potatoes were perfect, it really hit the spot on a cold night.All in all, a very good place where I will be sure to return.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,5/22/2014,159,531,3,9,7>Visit Date: November 30, 2013Stopped here for dinner with hubby and the brother in law! The atmosphere was so nice, it was casual yet classy. Right when we walked in and sat down I knew this was a place where everyone who came sat down, hung out, and enjoyed some brick oven pizza. A few tips about this place!It's BYOB so if you want to drink wine you must bring your own, it seems they will provide glasses. You have to physically get up and place your order with the person at the register (something we didn't realize until the bus boy told us lol)The pizza was superb, it was a little bit burnt here and there but I've come to realize this is how it is with brick oven pizza. We ordered a pizza with half eggplant and mushroom and half prosciutto and something else I'm not really sure because it was hubby and brother in law eating the slices with meat so I didn't really pay much attention. The crust was very thin. The pies are large and even though they seem like they aren't filling they are so you should definitely share a pie when you come in or take home leftovers. I sampled the cappuccino and espresso. I loved the cappuccino but the espresso tasted slightly off to me. I also had a linzer tart which was good also. It was a mini sized linzer tart, more pastry than raspberry jam filling but still good. I believe we met the chef or the owner he was a pretty nice guy, very funny, very hyper and very cool! Definitely a great place to come to!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,5/21/2014,642,123,3,7,7>This looks like it plays fairly easy....Wrong! This is a challenging course for every golfer no matter the skill level. Started playing here in a few Tournaments which were run nicely, but the food was just OK. Course is always in great condition, hats off to the grounds crew. Greens are really tough to read. Always an enjoyable round even when I just show up as a single. Been paired with some good and not so good golfers just like most other golf experiences. Go and play this course, you will be happy you played it!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/20/2014,698,2009,1,8,6>Bowling!I haven't been bowling in so long that the last time I went, they still had people placing the pins... ok, so maybe I'm lying but it has been a pretty long time.We hit the place up on a Saturday and were surprised that is wasn't that busy.  They were doing some night bowling and the lights were off and the music was pumping.  We grabbed some shoes and hit the lanes.  The shoes looked brand new and the place was laid out nicely with balls lined up for the most part, by weight and it was relatively easy to find something to bowl with.The music was definitely geared towards the younger crowd but there were some older tunes tossed in for variety. The computer system was a bit wonky and it was kicking my ass- but the super helpful folks at the desk got me up and running and we bowled for a few hours.. essentially until our arms were dead.  It only reinforced just had bad I am at this game...There is a snack shop there with fried stuff and a bar area to get a few beers if you so desire.Prices were very affordable and we got out of there for under $40.  A good time was had by all.Definitely a great way to kill a few hours with friends or family!Parking all around the perimeter.  Entrance is on the side.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/19/2014,169,309,11,13,10>Hoptron Brewtique has gotten plenty of Yelp love so I'm going to keep it simple. I first strolled in about 2 months ago and have been back not one, not two but three times since then. I dare say, I like it here. Drag your derriere here for the:- Weekly (and sometimes daily) changing beers on tap- The beer sampler! *- The insane amount of hard(er) to find craft beer in the fridge and lining the wall.- Surprisingly unpretentious beer snob staff- Sweet coasters to steal for your coffee table **- Lack of LONGGUYLAND bro-man-dudes. Stay for the:- Board games! Huzzah! - Chill Atmosphere with community seating- Olive oil and truffle popcorn- People watching - The old(er) man with the leather gloves. What's his story? Is he all tough and hard like Danny Trejo? He doesn't say much so world may never know...If you can, try to avoid prime time (late night sat/sun) as it will start getting crowded. Patchouge is a boomin' town for night life now, a far cry from 8 or so years ago.~~~~~~* Which recently went up in price. I was charged $9 for 4 tastes now** Am I the only paper coaster klepto here? Oops..
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,5/18/2014,145,285,1,8,4>My wife and I had a great dinner at Carvalhos.  She had the skirt steak and I needed to over indulge as usual so I ordered the Rodizio (all you can eat meat).  They bring you a ton of delicious sides and the meats come hot and fast.  The skirt steak was actually my favorite of all I tried, but the sausage, chicken, pork and many things I cannot even remember were also outstanding.  The sangria was great and the service was top notch.  The restaurant is very nicely decorated and is a great spot for a date night.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/17/2014,152,369,7,12,8>Finally, great thai food outside of Boston. I had no idea that we would find it in Franklin Square but, to me, that makes it all the better. I love a good surprise. What's so great about Frankly Thai? Well, for one the food is awesome. Perfectly cooked noodles with just the right amount of spice AND a great noodle/vegetable/meat/sauce ratio is hard to find in this area... unless you come to Frankly Thai. That's merely the food though. A great Thai restaurant always has that little something extra that makes it great and here it's the owner and his chef/wife. Husband and I went for dinner last night and it was jam packed with people. It was also jam packed with flowers and balloons. It turns out that it was the chef/owner's birthday and boy were they celebrating. Well, there were also other birthdays going on as well... so many that there was not a seat in the house to be found. No matter, husband and I are always perfectly happy sitting at a bar. So, there we sat, placed out orders for food and were just getting ready for a great meal when one of the owners announced that a table had JUST left and it was now ours for the taking. When we stated we were fine where we were if it was reserved his response was priceless: "Enjoy each other! Take the table." I love a good restaurant with owners and staff that clearly like one another, their jobs and their customers. Frankly Thai is a great find for anyone looking for amazing food and the most welcoming atmosphere on Long Island. Also, it appears to be BYOB so if wine/beer and thai food are your thing, you're in luck. I personally prefer my thai food with a healthy glass of Thai iced tea but to each his own. :)
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2014,5/16/2014,371,182,6,9,8>I've been going to Mama Felicia for years for their pizza, it's one of my favorites in the area. So this review is my first opportunity to review the restaurant-side of Mama's.  So it's Saturday night and my wife and I decide to swing by for a nice sit down Italian dinner. Disappointing. We walked in to a serenade on the Muzak of the theme from The Godfather. Interesting. Sadly aside from the musical serenade the Italian feel is missing from Mama Felicia's. The walls are painted neutral and the wall decorations are limited to stale pasta creations. When we arrived at 8:00 on a Saturday night the restaurant was fairly empty, there were two other couples having dinner at the time. The waitress brought us menus fast and took our drink order. Paper menus, nothing fancy here. My wife ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana with penne pasta ($13.75) and I ordered the Shrimp Fra Diavolo with spaghetti ($16.75). We were both pretty hungry and were hoping for a bread basket to come out of the kitchen. Sorry, no bread baskets at Mama Felicia'sThe Eggplant Parmigiana was overdone and was very mushy. I asked my wife what she thought of the dish and she just looked at me and handed my a fork telling me to taste it for myself. I was equally unimpressed by the dish, It was disappointing. My Fra Diavolo was nice, the portion size was decent, shrimp were cooked well and I liked the flavors. Sadly our dinner conversations had to compete with the Muzak. It's pretty loud which probably not and issue if you're just in for a slice of pizza but when you sit for a meal it can be overwhelming. Now, in all fairness, I need to highlight the most enjoyable part of our evening. The young lady who was our waitress did an amazing job. She checked back with us regularly during our meal and was always there when we needed something. She even added "I hope you'll come back to see us again soon", a nice touch. So to sum it all up, excellent pizza, loud Italian music, bland decorations, average food, and attentive service. It's a mixed bag so I'm going with three stars.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,5/15/2014,196,94,5,17,9>Dined here last night (Saturday), just 3 days after their grande opening, and I'm glad I did before word gets out of this little gem. Housed in the former house of Canterbury Ales (which I was so sad to see go btw), Sur is serving up some pretty fine steaks with an Argentinian flair. The ala carte menu is quite steep but well worth the quality of meat cuts you get here. Had the 14oz. Filet Mignon served in a peppercorn sauce plated with cheesed potato cubes ($39) and a side of broiled veggies served in a mini skillet ($5). My steak was incredibly tender a cooked to an absolutely perfect medium rare. Like butta! My 3 dining partners this evening were also equally impressed with their meals as well, and included, a Flank Steak, a New York Strip Steak, and a Salmon in a Crab Spinach Sauce (see pics). We all sampled each other's meals and agreed something special was going on here. Their table appointed cup of home made Chimichurrisauce is worth mentioning as a perfect accompaniment to the steaks. A perfect blend of garlic, oil, oregano, parsley and white wine vinegar. Sur has done a great job at renovating the space into a handsome and sleek dining space of warm woods and a gray slated gorgeous bar. Probably not an easy feat knowing what Canterbury looked like lol!Service was attentative, professional, and accommodating to say the least. During out dining experience, our table was served a complementary glass of their house red (an exceptional Malbec) and a Poached Pear seated next to a scoop of rich Vanilla Ice Cream in a Cabernet reduction -- very nice touch!I highly, highly, (did I say *HIGHLY*?)recommend Sur, especially if your a lover of Argentinian steak houses! Will definitely be retuning here soon.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,5/14/2014,238,372,1,13,6>This place is freakin' awesome - it was a VERY long wait for all of us in the area, and after much ado, it's finally open. Feel free to read their story on what they had to go through, online, and even a site to dispell all the stupid untrue rumors floating around.The tasting room is gorgeous, it's easily accessible, and when you don't want to go to the NoFo for wine tasting, it's right in your back yard (assuming you're within reasonable distance). Cheers to those who finally got over themselves for allowing such an amazing place to open.My favorites are their 2007 Merlot & 2007 Red Cape Blend. It's what you would expect from a LI Merlot and their Red Cape Blend has a great black pepper / licorice finish going on that is truly enjoyable.Come here and enjoy some fantastic wine, fantastic people, and order up some cheese/charcuterie plates to pair.THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,5/13/2014,96,146,3,5,6>I stumbled upon Food World about a year ago thinking it was still Waldbaum's.  I was doing my "Earth Day Recycling" and the redemption center at King Kullen down the road was full.  I remembered there was another food store close, so I headed down.  I was surprised at first and a little turned off that I wasn't going to a big named food store.  Would they even have a recycling area?  Well, they sure did...AND it was outdoors.  Outdoor redemption centers are a treat, especially in April. Bee's and yellow jackets aren't around yet, and there is no stinky, sticky beer-soda sweet mess you are smelling or stepping in.  Bleh.  There was no one redeeming their cans there so I was able to quickly do my recycling part.  Got my tickets and headed into Food World to redeem my $12.35.I was pleasantly surprised!  I decided to do a little browsing and the produce section was right there.  It was gorgeous and competitively priced.  OK, liking this place...I walked up and down each aisle and was very impressed.  They had the usual food store items but a lot of exotic things you don't see in your everyday grocery store.  The place looked clean and was pretty spacious.  They also still carried fresh Irish Soda Bread, a month after St Pat's....(the Irish will appreciate that.) Comes in handy when you have a craving!When I went down the frozen aisle, I noticed they had Key Food branded items.  Red flag?  Nope, once I reached the register the person before me presented her Key Food Saving card.  COOL.  They sell Key Food stuff I guess.  Although I didn't buy anything, I cashed my redemption tickets in and knew I'd return.  Especially for that Irish Soda Bread...
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,5/12/2014,237,506,4,9,5>It took me forever, but I FINALLY tried Jimmy Hayes!  Don't even think about NOT ordering the Gorgonzola bread appetizer.  Simply put, it's heaven in the form of bread and cheese.  It should be against the law to come here and not order this.  In fact, if you order the Gorgonzola bread and don't like it, you are not human.   I heard they don't take reservations, but that's not a problem for us because we're old farts that enjoy eating dinner with the cadavers before 5pm.The appetizer was so filling, we couldn't even finish our Porterhouse for 2 which was cooked perfectly (or lack thereof) rare with a cold, red center.  You'd be surprised how many restaurants mess that up.  I also love how the steak comes with a side and a salad.  Most other restaurants of this caliber are a la cart,  so that was nice.  We ordered a side of creamed spinach which I thought had been pureed too much and wasn't that great to be honest, I wouldn't order it again.  That being said, our waitress& the atmosphere  was great and everything else was perfect.  Valet parking in the front.  Gorgonzola bread is a MUST.  You're welcome.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/11/2014,657,500,23,22,14>You may cringe, you may laugh or you may scoff at the ridiculous amount of puns I am about to unleash in this review. You have been warned.THIS PLACE IS ON A ROLL. (Here we go.)One of my many food missions in life has been completed: to try Pho. I'm pretty new to everything in the Vietnamese food chain, so I went in with an open mind and stomach. I know what you're thinking. Your first Pho experience was on Long Island of all places? Yes. And let me tell you, no regrets people. Rolling Spring Roll provided a wonderful foundation for my Vietnamese food pallet. It can only go up from here.When my partner in crime (Steph M.) asked me to come here, I was like "Pho sho'!" First impression? Tiny. Casual. And a weird shade of green. The menu is small but covers all the essentials. Naturally I wanted to try everything but ended up settling on:-Lemongrass Chicken Banh Mi: VERY flavorful. The chicken was moist, bread was toasty and the flavors just melded together.-Beef Pho: Great first experience. The different varieties of meat in one bowl was interesting. I enjoyed the pairing of bean sprouts, basil and jalapenos. Steph showed me how its done with the addition of hoisin and sriracha. Delicious and not too salty.Our waiter/comedian of the night was Joe. Joe has a sense of humor like me and our conversation went like this:(At the beginning of the meal.)Me: "This pho is PHO-nomenal."Joe: "That's great, I'm definitely taking that one."(During the meal.)Me to Steph: "Wow the music selection here is really interesting and amusing." *Joe: *does a little dance while he passes by*(At the end of the meal.)Joe: "You didn't finish it it all?! I'm sorry but we're not friends anymore." **Me:  ".........wat?"That pretty much sums up our hilarious interactions with the waiter that night. Needless to say, I will definitely be back. If you're looking for delicious, quality Vietnamese food and you can only venture to LI, come here. This place will be pho you. Rolling Spring Roll Shop pho ever.***__________________________________________________­______*I think I heard Bryan Adams, Bonnie Tyler and Destiny's Child in a row.**I'm sorry, but I didn't think we were at that level yet... lmao.***buzzfeed.com/arivoukydis -- you're welcome.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/10/2014,5000,690,15,35,24>Welcome to Massapequa Leonardo's.... Benevenuto!Just opened is a brand new, Pizza restaurant coming from a family nearly 40 years in the Italian pizza/ restaurant business.  Leonardo's is in the CVS shopping strip on Broadway directly across from the train station. It's tucked back off the street, so you will have to pull in.The restaurant itself is the size of a small cafe, is newly done, has a very nice look and feel to it, and lends itself to a casual sit down as well as take out.   We went with the basics to start.  One sausauge pizza, one meatball. The owner Dominic was on hand to tell us that 1) he makes his own meatballs, and 2) makes real sauce. This may be true but would it hold up in this very Italian town?It did. This is no novice pizza place. Au contraire! ok enough with the international comments.. lol but in fact.. this place has begun with a real pizza pro.  We got the pizza's home.. and both were good. Normally I am not a meatball pizza fan, I find it a bit bland, but.. here the meatballs were good, had enough flavor to add taste to the pie, and the pie itself was excellent.Think more like a Pappalardo's pizza cove type chewy crust and extra cheese... then think of perhaps a Branchinelli's extra flavorful sauce. Then add a good sausage on one, and a flavorful meatball on the other.. and both were winners. But of course the sausage pie is always my fav.This was serious real pizza, and it was generous not skimpy and wimply.  Real Italian style, and worth ordering again. If you are near south Broadway, or passing through, call ahead and try it. I have yet to try my favorites here because it's brand new.. but.................. I will give it a try on the eggplant and shrimp parm, will update when tried : )
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,5/9/2014,90,109,10,7,4>"You know what would go great with my spaghetti and meatballs? A nice, hoppy, double IPA" --  said no one ever.I feel like this concept is fucking weird. Italian food and beer don't go together.  There was no thought process behind pairing the food with the beverages.  I want to open an Italian restaurant...but craft beers are so hot right now....hmmm....fuck it, let's do both.  That being said, their beer list is great, and their food is good, separately. Pineapple jalapeño oven roasted chicken wings were excellent.Antipasto salad was pizzeria quality, not bad.Brick oven pies (I tried smashed meatball and buffalo chicken) were good.Cannoli dessert was decent. Service was great.Basically what I'm saying is we had a good meal, but the beer I washed it down with (although awesome) did not go well with any of the food except the wings.  I probably would've been better off with wine, but then again, if I wanted Italian food and wine I wouldn't go to a bar. So maybe just order a shitty Bud Light type lager, that goes with everything. But how can I do that with all these great beers on the beer list? Fuck, I'm confused. Would I return for some pints. Absolutely. Would I return for pizza and wings. Yes.Would I return for an Italian dinner. I don't think so? I'm Ron Burgundy?
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/8/2014,44,26,4,10,7>I'm a regular here at thomases ham and eggery and it truly is the most phenomenal diner. It's not your average diner the food is amazing and it's a really cute environment. They also serve you your eggs in the pan it was cooked in which is epic! I usually get an omelet or greek salad and their both incredible all the food is! There is a controversial light which you must use to turn in and out of the eggery. Do not be alarmed just be careful I assure you it is well worth it.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,5/7/2014,38,31,4,8,5>If I can I would seriously eat everything here. This is a usual weekend spot for us when we want to relax with a nice cup of coffee and some tiramisu or some cookies. My favorite is their flan I am obsessed! Only complaint is they need to make cappuccinos a little faster because by the time I get my drink the dessert is finished every time! Speed it up coffee should always be served with the food!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,5/6/2014,30,71,4,6,6>We come here pretty often - and not once have we had bad service or food. I've tried quite a few of the sandwiches, but my latest favorite is the turkey and guacamole with chipotle mayo. That chipotle mayo is probably what hooks me, since it's always the choice for fries as well. Anyway, they have a great beer selection as well, draught changes seasonally and they have quite a few local options regularly. The Belgian fries are absolutely enough for two to share, and the sandwiches are a large portion as well. (If there for lunch - their 1/2 sandwich with single order of fries special is perfect!) they've got tvs as well if you're trying to catch any game!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/5/2014,29,11,3,8,7>I checked out this bakery while I waited to pick up my cats from the Crawford Dog and Cat Hospital nearby. It was a very sweet place and I felt that I got a glimpse of a future Long Island, one where similarly adorable vegan bakeries abound. One where finding all-vegan everything: supermarkets, delis, convenience stores, etc., is a very real possibility. At Sweet To Lick, I had a delicious, jumbo, chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate with sprinkles on top, an iced tea, and a chocolate cupcake that I shared. My fiance and I sat at the window table, but there were also cozy armchairs and larger tables available. Aptly named, the treats were all, indeed, sweet to lick. I will definitely be returning and hopefully one day soon ordering cakes from their eye-pleasing glass displays.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,5/4/2014,14,23,3,5,4>I came here during lunch on a Sunday. There was a lot of parking and seating. There is a sign saying no slices, no credit card, and no cry babies. Fair enough.Service was slow but the food made up for it. The garlic bread (pizza style) was delicious. A must  when coming here. I got the pizza with crushed plum tomato, spinach, and meatball. The thin dough mixed with their tangy sauce, generous mozzarella, and fresh ingredients was a heavenly experience. I ate at many pizza places such as Difaras, luzzos, Lombardi, etc and this was up there, without the price.I also tried the baked ziti with sausage. The presentation was good but the taste was off. Maybe an off day but I would not recommend it. I will be coming back.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,5/3/2014,240,172,3,5,4>This is indeed a find, because its hard to find! Located in a very small strip mall next to a tatoo parlor, Raan Thai is a shining star in a virtual black hole! But, we did find it and were glad we did. The folks there are super friendly and will accomodate your every need. The table settings were nice and kinda classy considering the rest of the place was non descript. BYOB is a big plus and they had good wine glasses and happily opened the bottles. The food: started with Chicken Satay, very small portion but peanut sauce was the bomb! Drunken Noodles were delicious and hot as requested. For mains we had Red Chicken Curry and a Crispy Duck dish. Both were great and no leftovers. Our dessert was the best of all. We had Sticky Rice with super ripe mangos....Yum!Despite the 30 minute drive we will most certainly return to Raan Thai to try the rest of the menu.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/2/2014,117,234,10,13,11>When we entered the Heirloom Tavern, we didn't know what to expect. We had been house hunting all day long, and found this unlikely spot adjacent to the rail terminal in Glen Head. It didn't take long for us to realize we were somewhere special and inquired about the food. When we were told that we were in the same restaurant that the owner of the Brass Rail, we  understood completely. The small plate menu is right up our alley; we love to sample a little from each corner of the menu. We opted for the crab cake, the ravioli and the veal meatballs. All of them were excellent and we knew that the design of the plates and the flavors were familiar to us. We eat at the Brass Rail every couple of weeks and noticed the flavors and the feel of the food.Not usually a dessert guy, I must say that the cheesecake was THE SINGLE BEST dessert I've had in many, many years. Wow! It was so delicious I grunted while I ate... Yes... that good.The restaurant filled up completely and we cant wait to get back there to sit in the patio when the weather is a little more agreeable.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,5/1/2014,72,191,9,36,12>Okay, okay, I know what you're thinking and I bet it's the exact thing I was thinking.  "We already have enough pizza places in Huntington and I already have my favorite".  I said this a million times as I walked by then my belly won and now I have a new favorite in the village.  This is really a different type of pie, something you must try whether you have a fav or not, I guarantee you'll love it... if you don't... I'm sorry there is possibly something wrong with your tongue :(Massa's is different - coal fired pizza.  A super thin crust, fresh sauce, fresh mozzarella  essentially the thinnest, most crispy, most delicious Margherita pie you'll ever experience. The crust is to die for.  We dined in because last time we ordered out a coal fired pizza it wasn't exactly the best because it cools super quick, I just feel like experiencing there is better.  The pizza came out of the oven in less than 5 minutes, piping hot deliciousness! I can't even tell you.  I usually eat 2 pieces of pizza and I ended up eating 4 (don't spread it around... I just couldn't stop eating it was soooo good).  When I first saw the menu I though $18.50 was a little steep for a pie considering I can get a decent pie for around $15, but after trying it price really isn't an issue.  $3.50 more for a fresh, fresh pie is nothing.  The menu is small consisting of a few pasta dishes and pizzas. Will definitely be back for more and more and more and more.  PS they also have a full bar.Massa's Coal Fire pizza seriously what dreams are made of (for this food addict anyway)...
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,4/30/2014,375,757,3,5,5>You want authentic Italian food with a cozy, yet elegant atmosphere? You can have it at Dario's!While I was expecting something a little more upscale, Dario's did not disappoint. Both the service and the food were phenomenal. The outside of the restaurant is very discreet. Blink and you'll miss it. The inside is rather small, but large enough to hold a few large parties. We were promptly seated. After browsing the drink menus, I ordered a glass of wine and my boyfriend ordered a martini. We were served our drinks along with a delicious basket of warm garlic bread and complimentary bruschetta. Our waiter recited some specials in detail, while even displaying some of the ingredients (like fresh tomatoes, mushrooms, fish, etc.) He then offered us the full menu to review. We shared:Caesar Salad for 2 (perfect amount of dressing)Fresh mozzarella with tomato and roasted red pepper -the roasted red pepper was a nice touch to the otherwise traditional Caprese saladVeal a la Dario (basically veal parm without the tomato sauce)-This was so delicious. Served with a side of mashed potatoes with escarole.Penna "a la vodka", or, how our waiter put it-"pink sauce with a touch of vodka"-I wish this was a little creamierChocolate Mousse Cake-Way better than I expected, super moist and dense chocolate with whipped cream.We enjoyed our whole meal in peace. No one rushed to give us our bill. The only reason I am giving Dario's 4 stars instead of 5 is because it was slightly expensive in comparison to similar restaurants. It was definitely great Italian food, just not the absolute best I've had.Notes: They take reservations only 10 days in advance.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/29/2014,149,241,5,11,8>OH MAN OH MAN OH MAN!!!I am getting some serious meat sweats just thinking about this place. If you are a fan of german food there is no excuse for why you have not been here. Anything you could think of making that is german is here. From the wursts to the beer, to the pretzel bread, sour kraut, mustards, potato salad, everything, they have it! The quality of the meat is just outstanding. I've never had german food this good. I would rather shop here and cook myself than go to restaurants bc I think the quality is just better. I would mention what to get but I would jsut be listing every single thing they offer. I will list some favorites though. Their bratwurst, knackwurst, and krainerwursts are my favorite of their wursts and just incredible, Their suelze(head cheese with vinegar) is one of my favorite snacks even with the odd looks I get from my fiance. Try the landjaeger or tv sticks for a snacking food, they are both dried salami sticks that are just the perfect snack. Potato salad is also incredible, just simply everything is incredible. I also have to make a note that the guys behind the counter are so friendly and nice. They are so helpful when trying to make decisions and give plenty of great suggestions. Do not be afraid to come here bc they will make you feel at home. This place is 100% legit. Any authentic german food you could be looking for they have. What are you waiting for?
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,4/28/2014,35,124,3,10,6>Oheka Castle how do I love you let me count the ways:Amazing atmosphere, really really gorgeousFantastic food, top quality and attention to detailGreat service, very attentivePrices, are you ready??? in line with any other upscale restaurantI have known about Oheka forever, what I didnt know is that they serve lunch & dinner everyday...duh??? I only thought they did weddings & events.Went to a late lunch New Years Day the ambiance is magical. The restaurant area has floor to ceiling windows and there are stunning views. Beside the fact that its in a Gold Coast mansion, so there are cool antiques and rooms of them every where. The bathrooms are even amazing.The food is really top quality and artfully presented. The prices are very reasonable for what you get considering the food & atmosphere. No other restaurant can even compare with a dining experience like this. Why, why why didnt I know this before, just think how many meals I could have had. All I can say is "GO" I think you will love it, I know I did.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,4/27/2014,16,21,4,6,5>I have two words for you.. FAT BASTARD!  Order it. Two eggs, home fries, sausage, bacon, ham, and pancakes. It's the ultimate hangover cure and it's always made with love. You can just tell from the moment you enter this place that the people working there care. It's very cozy with friendly service. I've only had two other items on the menu, an omelet and frogs in holes.  They were good but the fat bastard is so good that's all my friends and I ever want to order. If you haven't been here it's definitely worth a trip. Also, there are tons of healthy options on the menu, I'm just a fat bastard. Food: 5/5Atmosphere: 5/5Service: 5/5
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,4/26/2014,11,22,2,6,3>Clean clean clean! These folks are major accommodating and friendly! Shop is beautiful and clean. Everyone was so friendly and Phil did amazing work - he was so patient with me. Lines were crisp and clean. My friends have also been here for larger pieces and were equally as happy. Thanks to everyone there for making it a wonderful experience!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,4/25/2014,140,197,3,7,5>Having heard rave reviews from family on several occasions, being in the area, I was not going to miss my opportunity to check this haven for some "epic" sandwich haven. Don't let the size of this place or the limited parking let you overlook this gem of a place.  As you walk in, the place has a welcoming decor and the service is friendly, warm, and very accommodating.  Being my first visit, I felt overwhelmed with the menu offerings and wanted to try everything.  Since we were taking out for a few people, it was a good idea to sample a few items from the menu.  We ordered the Roasted Pear Salad, Buffalo Roasted Chicken, Southwestern Roast Chicken, Philly Cheese Steak, mac n' cheese (without the bacon-herb breadcrumbs), spicy black bean soup and house-made french fries.  From these choices, the buffalo roast chicken (buffalo sauce felt it empowered the sandwich) sandwich and the spicy black bean soup (for personal preference, was too thick and felt like chili) were the only two that didn't fare well with the audience, but everything else was a major hit.  My favorite was the southwestern roast chicken, which I believe all should try.Overall, this place might be small but it packs a solid punch to be a top sandwich hotspot in Long Island.  With FRESH FOOD made to order to top-notch service, everyone must try this hot spot..!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/24/2014,60,3,6,9,5>I started going here a few years ago when I moved out east. My husband and I had several parties here, and we have used Anton's for catering several times, and like to eat here on a weekly basis. We keep going back because we are always greeted with a warm welcome and usually linger at the bar after our meal and drink the Pinot Noir. I usually choose the appetizer that is on the specials for the day, The Burrata with tomato is creamy and light. The tuna appetizer is a must, and the goat cheese salad is my go to salad.  As for an entree, we usually order the pizza that has prosciutto and truffle oil. La Volpe's best kept secret is the  shell steak! The service is great The menu is always exciting and newMy favorite place!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,4/23/2014,22,30,4,6,5>Mama Lisa is just amazing!  Great food, great prices, great service!Our favorites- Contadina Salad with Grilled Chicken.  It's a HUGE salad, great flavors and a delicious dressing.  The chicken is very tender and extremely flavorful.  My husband always orders the Baked Combo #2 and is pleased every single time.  It usually is enough for dinner and lunch the next day!  Delicious sauce.  We also enjoy the pizza and rice balls for take-out.  The only thing we had here that we weren't thrilled about was the alfredo sauce- too thick and not too much flavor.  Literally everything else we've had or our dining companions have had here has been amazing!!!  We always tell people about it and bring friends.  We went for Pasta night once, such a huge meal for a small price, and delicious!!!You really need to go, it's worth it.  The staff is always super friendly and accommodating, something that's rare to find nowadays.  Mama Lisa- thank you for being a very bright spot in our community!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/22/2014,5,7,3,6,4>This place has awesome Heros.  There is also a great selection.  I love the Louisiana lightning.  There is something about that stealth sauce that makes it taste so good!  My all time favorite was the "rodeo" but they did away with it for some strange reason :-/.   The ice tea is out of this world and taste great.  So refreshing as well .   The worst part of tj's is the prices.   Just a tad above the usual sub prices.  Definitely go to this place it's great!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,4/21/2014,477,177,4,9,5>The pizza here is quite good. I had a chicken parm slice & it was tasty & crispy since I brought it home & reheated it under the broiler. I like thin & crispy pizza the best. I will definitely be back to try other slices. I regret not trying a plain slice because that's truly the best way to judge how good a pizza place really is. The taco pizza, the stuffed sesame crust pizza & the white pizza looked really good & I think I will definitely be trying those sometime in the near future for sure.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/20/2014,90,119,8,14,9>Ok ok I know I'm reviewing a liquor store but if I do say so myself... ITS A FREAKING AWESOME LIQUOR STORE!!!Cut to the chase... yeah it's attached to Costco & no you do not need a Costco membership to enter. But c'mon people it's 2014... everyone has a Costco membership these days! This liquor store as I previously stated is awesome. The prices are pretty darn good if I do say so myself. Service is usually right there asking if you need help and always happy to help. Even when I was here a couple of days before Christmas.. I had to wait outside for a minute or two because they were at full capacity but once inside I was in and out with my adult beverages.Also it's not huge but it's just the right size. Might I add super convenient because you can go to Costco get your bulk on and then head right next door and get your booze on or vice versa. Please wait until you arrive at home and unpack your bulk items and then enjoy your bevvies.So check it out. I promise you won't regret it.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/19/2014,425,101,4,9,6>Hidden away behind the highly frequented La Piazza on Old Country Road, is an unassuming Japanese restaurant with food of exceptional quality. I've had my fair share of sushi buffets, Asian fusion joints, and authentic mom-n-pop sushi bars in Japan. With that, I can say that I have experience (and confidence!) in discerning great sushi from the substandard. One afternoon, my friend B* and I arrived here on a whim and we came to a vacant room. Our worries ebbed away when we dug into our food. B*, a past customer, ordered the complex Mindy Roll whilst I got the duo Spicy Crunchy Tuna Roll and Salmon Roll. Her sushi not only looked visually enticing but when I bit into one, it also exploded in bursts of sweet and spicy. Pearls of luscious caviar, chunks of fresh tuna, and an herb of some kind lifted this sushi from ordinary to sublime. bit.ly/1esXHeoWhereas her roll was multi-dimensional in flavor, my duo was equally delicious in its simplicity. Both of my rolls used Japonica sushi rice of a fine quality grade and they were perfectly moist, plump as well as delicately seasoned. bit.ly/1cp5arRAlthough the prices for these rolls range on the higher end, I recommend searching for this hidden gem to tuck into a satisfying and homey Japanese meal. They even use jpop for their background music!If you are ever in a peckish mood for sushi but you want a satisfying experience, I urge you to go to Robata!!!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,4/18/2014,273,306,9,10,10>We were lucky enough to have Roslyn Village Pizza cater our Super Bowl party. I have been hearing good things about this place in the neighborhood, especially about their ability to cater large parties, so it was perfect. We ordered 3 pies, a tray of penne alla vodka, garlic knots, and a tray of hummus. When everything arrived it was still piping hot. The three pies we got varied. One plain, another fresh tomato and fresh mozzarella (one of the best slices I've ever had), and a mixed pie-half peppers and onions and the other half broccoli and tomato. The pies were fantastic. Crunchy but not burnt with a chewy consistency. The sauce was special. The penne was delicious and the addition of the fresh basil was perfect. The garlic knots were addicting. Seriously. So much fresh garlic! And the hummus was perfection. Perfect amount of garlic and you could tell it was made from scratch.This is a serious joint in the neighborhood. Very eclectic menu and prices couldn't be beat. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu, and come back for more pizza!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/17/2014,119,115,3,9,7>I grew up in Brooklyn, City of Churches, Pizzerias and Diners - so if there's anything I can review with absolute confidence, it's food.  During my childhood, I had an option of 10 diners in a 3 mile radius and all my friends had their (faulty) opinions of which was the best.Fast Forward 20 years and transplant my home to Southern Nassau County and there is a relative dearth of good diners. The good news?  I live within walking distance of two of the better diners in Southern Nassau and Imperial is the best.There is something for everyone on this menu.  Picky eaters, big eaters, kids, vegetarians, calorie counters...they've all got an option here.  My personal favorite is the Vegetable Panini (or Steak Panini depending on my mood.)  They are served on a wonderfully toasty Ciabatta with Pesto and Fresh Mozzarella.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them.I can't understand the folks who ding a diner they've been to ONCE for a service issue!  If the food is good (which it is) you need to give them a chance to redeem themselves before labeling them a 2 star diner!  There needs to be an egregious issue to fault the diner for one bad instance of service.   My waiters are normally very attentive, refilling my coffee or water themselves every 7 or 8 minutes.  Granted, they get bogged down on Sat/Sunday mornings and during the dinner rush, but find me a good diner that doesn't.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,4/16/2014,117,113,,9,3>Ok, so this is an Animal Emergency Service.  For EMERGENCIES.  That's why it's $150 for an examination (no matter what the next steps will be) up-front.  They're open 24 hours, 7 Days/Nights a week.  If you can stand to wait for a daytime appointment at your regular vet, that's probably your best bet - but when you NEED some help with your companion, it's nice that this place exists.There is a Veterinarian in-house at all times - which I was surprised at when I called to get some info.  I had made an appointment with my normal vet for the next morning to go for the trip every animal lover dreads, but by the time I got home from work my little guy was in the last stages of heart failure and actually looked like he was suffering for the first time in his life.  It was time.The waiting room is pretty large, with benches along the walls for people to sit and a TV to try and take your mind off of whatever-it-is that brought you through the doors.  The receptionist at the desk was friendly and compassionate, and seemed to do her best to expedite the people who came in.  They offered to make a paw-print in clay (for a fee, I am sure) for those who are making this their last trip together.  The night I was there, a dog had been attacked pretty severely by another dog, and there were 2 other people also waiting.  I had about a half hour before I was admitted into an examination room, where I met a friendly tech who did a quick assessment of my cat and then took him to get a catheter placed (which makes it almost impossible to make a mistake when administering the euthanizing agent, thus minimizing the suffering of your friend at the end).  When she returned, she said she gave him some oxygen and he seemed to improve slightly for the moment.  They didn't have to do this, and to me it demonstrated that the care here really aims to provide the most humane treatment even when ultimately it is just a temporary alleviation.  The doctor was sympathetic to the situation, and since I elected to stay for the final moments, I got to hold my friend for his last heartbeats.  Sedative followed by euthanasia, and a final vital signs check to confirm that the process was complete.  I was allowed to stay with my friend until I was ready to leave him behind, and nobody rushed me out - which I really appreciated.  Since it was past midnight by the time the visit was over, I decided not to take my friend with me and to let them handle the remains.  It's $70 for a group-cremation added to the $170 (total for euthanasia procedure) and they accept credit cards.  While I am sure that I could have gotten this service for substantially cheaper at my normal Veterinarian, there was absolutely no way I could sit and watch my loyal friend suffer and do nothing until the morning.I do wish they would replace the front door with an automatic sliding door though - most people coming through them are carrying their pets due to their situation, and it would be much more convenient to be able to just walk through  to the inside.  Inner-door is locked past midnight and you need to buzz-in but the area is all glass and I don't think I would see someone having a problem with waiting too long.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/12/2014,341,504,3,6,4>Had to bring the company whip here after hitting a pothole. Sabrina at the desk was extremely professional and polite and made the entire transaction seamless and enjoyable.The collision repair specialists Frank and Kobi were very informative and made certain that I knew exactly what needed to be repaired and gave. E an accurate estimate on how long the repairs would take. The facility itself is quite nice, very clean, with a generous service bay along with a comfortable waiting room. Upon completing he repairs I was called immediately and was even given a coupon for a free car wash. All in all a painless experience. If my personal vehicle ever needs auto body repair, I will be bringing it to Kobi.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/11/2014,140,122,3,7,7>Who loves a great steak? this girl... I also love a great place with a stately yet chic ambiance,  and servers with personality. Hendrick's Tavern has a pretty straight forward menu, set at a decent price point for the portion size. This is a warm and inviting setting with it's swank leather seating, perfect for a group of friends or a romantic night out.  The place has 5 star potential in my opinion, IF they can work out the kitchen kinks....There was a timing issue that affected my dining companions( see below)  BUT... everything from the salad ( heirloom tomato & onion) to my main course( rib eye, baked potato & sauteed spinach leaves)was prepared and presented well. My dining companions enjoyed a large platter from the raw bar. It looked great, and they seemed pleased with it, The chicken entrees however were slightly  rubbery from being kept warm too long, other than that one issue .. our cocktails were super strong..and we all really dug the vibe there. This is a nice place on the north shore and i am happy to add it to my rotation. Valet parking was on point as well, which was an added plus.Minus one star for the timing issue. I will return again.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,4/10/2014,54,273,1,8,5>Don't hold ant pre-conceived notions about this place because it is attached o a Days Inn. As you enter the restaurant the front part is a blue lit bar and lounge. Happy hour most everyday and appetizers half price. You can also order your meal there although the music may hinder conversation.The restaurant part is quiet, with low lighting and has tables or you can sit at the sushi bar and watch the chefs. Fish is fresh and firm, sushi deluxe with 10 pieces and a spicy tuna roll was $19 and a choice of soup or salad. Teriyaki dinner box was also $19 and more food than you could eat including soup and salad. Hot sake bottle $8. Everything was prepared well and service was top notch. 7PM on a Thursday night the place was full so if you go on a Friday or a weekend make reservations. I have seen some good deals on Groupon for this place so check that out.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,4/9/2014,153,67,10,9,5>Says 4 stars, but more like 4.5.   I was VERY pleasantly surprised in this swankalicous joint.  There's a recent infusion the last few years of these high end swasi-futuristic-y clubbish type sushi places, gives me a sense they want to be in Manhattan but aren't, and I find (like at Kashi around the corner) the food is bleh to the fullest.  So I walked in here expecting just that.I'm in the industry, I know full well January is the pits for restaurants so I expected it to be uber slow which was perfect me to sit alone in peace and quiet.  I was the alone one at the bar, and because of this I also wasn't expecting top notch service as even though it's slow, staff morale tends to be down.  The bartender was certainly pleasant enough starting out, I ordered a sparkling sake (never had one) and the spicy miso as well as the rock shrimp tempura.  They didn't have the oysters and foie gras which really rattled my cage but when it's slow like that I understand not carrying your higher priced inventory.Spicy Miso with shrimps, scallop, and fish-BOOM!!!  This started me off RIGHT!!  Twas bitter cold out, the soup was piping hot, it was perfectly spicy, the miso shone through as did the briny fish flavor....it perked me right up.  True winner.  Rock shrimp tempura- presentation is pretty, but I noticed it covered in sauce, right away I though it'd be soggy.  I was wrong.  The tempura held it's own and stayed crisp.  The wasabi aioli it was covered in was noice, but that spicy gochujang smeared on the side of the plate put it over the top.  I needed more of it and will ask for more on my next visit.I had ordered these two dishes but asked to keep the menus.  If they failed I was going to pay the bill and skidaddle but I began to wonder if I might make it one of those epic 7-9 course meals I love so much.  I finished up my sparkling sake then moved on to a cocktail not offered on the menu, suggested by the bartender, I didn't want something sweet.  Forgot the name.  Whatevs.  Back to the food.Tamarind and chili spare ribs- advice...do not eat right away.  They are served HOT!!!!!  Coating on the ribs, and nice sticky gooey spicy sweet, rib meat slid, and I mean really slid straight off the bone.  Juicy and tender, thangs was bangin fo rillz!After these I decided I was now pot committed.  All in.  Let's rock and roll.  Soft shell crab salad?  Sounds interesting.Soft shell crab salad- meh.  Not that it tasted bad, just compared to the other stuff I had previous this left me uninspired.  This dish is actually perfect for the not so adventurous.  Dig in, you'll love it.At this point I felt it time to move on to sushi.Spicy crunchy salmon- one of my favorites since I was a kid, nothing fancy, just comforting.  This fit the bill just fine.  I felt safe moving on to sushi a la carte at his point.White tuna sushi- perfection.  Perrrrrrrfection!  Some of the best quality I've had on Long Island probably in my lifetime.  Literally so clean it felt as though it cleaned the interior of my mouth and refreshed my soul.Eel- nicely well done eel!!  Scallop sashimi- GREAT fresh scallop!  I sunk into my chair.  As I was eating the scallop I recall talking to myself in my head and not believing this stuff was in Rockville Centre.  SCORE!!!  Amberjack- another win.  Great firmness, fresh, perfect hint of brine.Red snapper- just like all above.  Clean and fresh, top quality, winner.The joint is SWANK!  Music was like a 90's hit mix, I'm down with that.  Prices I suppose are a little higher?  Not even sure, but I'd pay it for this without a worry.  I'm still kind of shocked I'm raving this much about a place that's so local, especially for sushi which I find is just not as good as it used to be, I'm real excited.  Thanks for being here 212.  Next I come in you'd better have those oysters and foi gras AND the toro, I'm sure both are dynamite!  Oh, and the cocktail list....it's not only pretty big, it is wildly original and creative, each drink loaded with ingredients and flavors....you can get lost in that list.  In a good way.  And a blacked out way.Bartender, by the way, was also great.  He caught onto my groove and I knew he was enjoying serving me and he actually shook my hand and told me so and, you know, it's one thing to really enjoy your meal, but when the person who served you genuinely tells you they enjoyed serving you....that's pretty rad.Eat here with confidence.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,4/8/2014,12,30,4,10,8>The other yelp reviews are right! What a lovely little place, that's tucked away in Riverhead!I was looking for a restaurant  to celebrate my birthday. At the last minute stumbled upon Farm Country Kitchen through yelp. The restaurant had such high reviews and often when I see that it makes me wonder whether they're all legit or not.***Well, let me just say the high reviews are spot-on and well deserved!***This is the kind of place you would never even know was there, unless you were specifically looking for it- as many say a 'hidden gem!'Sherry, and the other manager/owner go out of their way to make you feel welcome. Many times she engaged us in conversation and playfully joked with us, nicknaming my friend 'slick' after he complimented their food calling it slick. This place has a peaceful ambience with lovely mood lighting and some holiday garlands that I wish would stay up year-round. To me, it has a slight rustic, beach house vibe.Their menu is a bit pricey, but thankfully they had a more affordable sandwich menu which was just perfect for us ($10-$11/sandwich)!They are also very lenient when it comes to sharing dishes, as we learned from other couples sitting around us in one of the quaint dining areas. No fees for sharing dishes, which is also very appreciated!Every patron in the dining area with us was incredibly friendly- infact it's probably one of the best, if not the best, dining experience I've ever had in terms of friendliness, attentiveness, food taste/ quality and overall feeling welcome and like part of the restaurants family.It's byob and again they are very generous:  no uncorking fees here! Which is awesome- thank you!  The couple sitting behind us were just as welcoming and very pleased we'd discovered one of their favorite places to dine. They even offered us multiple glasses of the white wine they had brought with them! Again, awesome and thank you, Regina and Al!  The owners even surprised me with a candle in my dessert to celebrate my birthday. And then playfully led me to 'skip around the room' :) Apparently I was the first to take them up on the offer! (tee hee)Later in the evening, 3 other customers were celebrating birthdays too and the owners invited everyone in the front dining area to visit the other dining room so we could sing them all happy birthday as well! A fun time, indeed! :)Onto the food:We started with the guacamole, salsa and chips- it was pretty straightforward and simple, but it seemed the guacamole was fresh. It was very tasty. My only request: serve the chips with a bit more salsa.We both were in the mood for burgers. They offered an appealing chicken wrap  with cheddar cheese, avocado, red onion, bbq sauce. I thought that would be amazing as a burger and asked if those toppings could be used on my burger instead. They were happy to oblige and my friend wound up ordering the same thing.I should preface this by saying, I often have issues with chefs not cooking my burger all the way through (well-done), even though I ask for it 'very well done, no pink at all,' and follow that up by saying, 'I don't mind waiting.' My friend and I usually share meals together and he almost always orders a burger when I do.  He also requests his burger 'well done.' The irony is, his comes out well done and mine always comes out medium-well (very pink). It's close to a running joke now, and something I almost expect at this point. Not to disappoint the running joke- his burger came out well done and mine was pink inside. LOL I let this slide though b/c they were very accommodating and quickly took the burger back to cook it to my preference. I even heard them call back to the kitchen and say 'She doesnt mind waiting.'When they brought my plate back to the table, my burger  was cooked all the way through, which I appreciated. (Sidenote:  I cant tell you how many times I have to send a burger back 2-3 times at other places, b/c they wont take the time to just cook it all the way through once. That's when I start to get frustrated and upset.) Sherry and the team took care of me though.We had potato salad with our burgers. Both were very tasty!My friend said he though the burger roll seemed like it was made  fresh that day.I'd heard good things about their desserts through yelp and while I dont normally get dessert, was really hoping I'd have room on this night and we did.My friend ordered the almond tart and I ordered a warm apple pie type thing (I cant remember the name). Both were served with a side of  fresh whipped cream and fresh berries. We split both desserts and again, not to disappoint the desserts were quite good! Overall, I left there feeling like I'd had an experience, as opposed to just a meal. It almost felt like I was visiting a warm, cozy B&B. I highly recommend this place!!! And make a reservation, as it's a rather small place. I cant wait to go back and have another 'experience.'
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,4/7/2014,12,15,3,7,4>This is one of my favorite places on Long Island. We usually order takeout, so not much to say about the dine-in experience. The Indian food is the best I've had on LI. Chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, goat curry, naan, onion kulcha, shrimp saag, goat saag, bindhi masala, channa saag, even the mint chutney. I would definitely not put it on par with some places in Queens and Jackson Heights. But awesome compared to Curry Club on the overall menu.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,4/6/2014,182,171,3,7,6>This is a hidden gem in Amityville, yes I said Amityville. I have driven by this restaurant for the past 10 years and never went in till yesterday. I can't believe I missed out on 10 years of amazing food and 5 star service. Let's start by saying I love Italian restaurants, but this is an Italian steak house with dry aged prime cuts and where the veal parmigianino is served on the bone pounded perfectly thin. Pasta dishes are outstanding (Pappardelle, with porcini mushroom cream sauce drizzled with white truffle olive oil) as are the appetizers like Salumi & Cheese to go along with a great collection of wines. The wait staff is so knowledgeable and always have a smile on their face. This is the real deal, and I recommend this to those that want exceptional quality and service and not afraid to pay for it. Ciao
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/5/2014,10,33,4,8,5>Definitely our go to sushi joint!They have THE BEST specialty rolls if that is what you are into. The fish is always so fresh, I never get that "I ate too much raw fish" feeling. The service is outstanding and we are always seated in a timely fashion to our reservation. We always start with the crispy duck, extra crispy and a grenade appetizer. Then we have a specialty roll or two. The New Years and paradise rolls are the best rolls I have ever had and we come back for them!It's a perfect date sushi place and lacks that cheap, Japanese menu and decor that a lot of places have. I hate the faded old menus and cheap feel if a lot of sushi places.They also offer cold sake by the bottle and bring out the shiny bottle stand if you want to feel fancy. The sake is always poured for us and my gf enjoys the leeche martinis and other fancy girl drinks that they serve. Sometimes they give you these cool wooden cups for the sake.This is the best sushi place period. I have been here almost a dozen times and it just gets better and better. Zero complaints. Wouldn't change a thing. An earned 5 stars.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,4/4/2014,9,107,3,7,6>So many people in my social set think of Rothmann 's only as a Thursday night singles bar that they forget it is a really good restaurant. A recent Saturday night dinner confirmed that they can hold their own against the best of the North Shore steakhouses.First of all, our reservation was honored. The place was packed but there was a table waiting for my group. A good start.My dinner started off with seared foie gras. No longer served in many restaurants this preparation was great. The only fault was that the portion was tiny. Lots of accompaniments but only a tiny piece of liver. A prime rib special came in three sizes. I ordered the middle size and not only was it wonderful, it was more than any one person could eat. (The large cut must be half a cow.) My dining companions all ordered steaks and all came to the table perfectly cooked and delicious. Sides were also very good with just one exception. The french fries are awful. Not just bad they are really awful and have no place in a resturant this good.Rothmann's is a full priced NY steakhouse that not only competes in the big leagues but is close to the top. With some fine tuning it could get there.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,4/3/2014,35,234,4,6,3>oh...my...goodness...if you love all things seafood like i do, especially the fried variety, this is THE destination on Long Island - quite possibly in the entire northeast, maybe even beyond...situated in a cozy little spot on the corner of Sunrise Highway in Rockville Centre, Bigelow's appears on the surface to be little more than a hole in the wall luncheonette, but in reality it's anything but that - don't let the informal scene here fool you, they are serving up the best seafood around in very nice sized portions...any time I get a craving for fried oysters or ipswich clams, this is my go to - and if you love new england clam chowder you're in for a real treat...all this great food comes along with super friendly staff who will gladly answer any questions you have & always treat you rightso why 4 stars? two reasons...number one, it's cash only - I know, I know, there's an ATM in the corner, but in this day & age it feels like a bit of a shakedown to not be able to use plastic, especially when you consider point #2 which is the prices...the food is wonderful, super fresh, etc. etc. etc, but it's also expensive - unless you're rolling in dough, this is a once in a while stop kids, hence the annoyance at needing cash, i'm certain many a patron over the years has come in unprepared for this & felt a bit over a barrel to use the ATM & pay whatever fees come along with itbottomline, come hungry & with pictures of dead presidents in your pocket, leave with a fully belly or a bag of hot delicious grub to go, you will not be disappointed
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,4/2/2014,102,354,4,9,5>This is my parents favorite place, and it is becoming mine as well. They swear by the ribs! I am not a rib eater but everyone who tries them when we eat there loves them. I like to keep it simple when it comes to my Chinese food. This place makes the best eggs rolls. They are very thick and packed with goodness! Seriously I ate two of them and I was satisfied. I also love some of the personal touches with there entrees. A lot of their meals such as chicken with garlic sauce come shredded . Like the chicken and veggies are shredded. This is a personal preference. Also the prices are just right. We always go here with a big crowd and really feel we get our money's worth.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,4/1/2014,287,356,5,10,9>For a second I thought I may have forgotten I took a half hour LIRR ride to the city, because the Glow Thai and Japanese restaurant feels like NYC. The store front is bland and easily missable, we drove by almost twice passing it, but luckily my phone helped us figure out it was near the Floral Park Terrace and Crabtree Restaurant and across the street from the Wendy's.I had seen Glow under the hot new restaurants area of Yelp a few weeks ago and had been dying to go by the pictures alone. From the sophisticated color palette with warm pastel hues creating an inviting atmosphere and the presentation on dishes parallel to the intricate designs marveled about on the top chef programs on the Food Network, I was hoping Glow wouldn't be merely a visual experience.And boy, did my hopes of Glow also being delicious were shot far out of the park. Glow surpassed every previous Thai food I've ever had. And their sushi was on the top ranks too.For a Friday night it was quite dead, but it's also new and I wouldn't have known about this place if it wasn't for yelp. So I will definitely be a harbinger to my friends and family about this place. We used the yelp deal offered on the page. After we ordered it was a bit of a wait for our food, so the waiter brought us over spicy tuna dumplings in a Thai-inspired guacamole sauce. Next time I come here I am ordering a plate for myself. It was perfectly fried and the flavors mixed so well. It wasn't that spicy so if you're hesitant to try because it's called spicy tuna, kick that fear to the door.I ordered a simple shrimp an avocado roll and Mee Gai Thi with chicken. My shrimp and avocado sushi was fresh and refreshing. I tried my sisters Yellow Blossom roll and that was on a whole different stratosphere of delicious. It was a salmon tempura roll with cream cheese, cucumber, and topped with fresh mango and tobiko. I've never had tobiko before and it was definitely a pleasant spicy kick.I've never had Mee Gai Thi before either and what a mistake has that been for me. The subtle coconut flavored noodles coated my gratuitously sized pieces of chicken. It also had bean sprouts, green pepper, mushrooms, and lime leaves. The lime leaves were a bit strong for my palette so next time I'll ask for without, but even with that it could not change how much I absolutely adore this dish.I tried my sisters entree and I can't remember what she ordered, i think just a pad thai. She'll write down her review in a bit XD. It was a fantastic, but I was overjoyed I ordered what I ordered.By the way, these portions were ginormous! We all took leftovers home so I got to relive the mouth-watering journey all over again.The food here blew my mind! And I find myself raving about the food more than the awesome decor. Some other fun things I learned:- They have free delivery with a $15 minimum!- They cater!- They have a vegetarian and gluten-free menu!I CANNOT WAIT TO COME BACK!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/31/2014,140,162,5,11,8>It's no wonder that this gym is consistently voted the best gym on L.I. I was growing more despondent each time I got on the treadmill or elliptical at my other gym. I didn't like the fact that they offered very little in the way of classes, and what classes they did offer were mediocre at best. After moving to the area, I decided to check out Fitness Incentive. They gave me a 2 week free trial, which I think is unprecedented - most gyms give you one day, maybe a three day pass at best. Of course, I signed up. They had (not sure if it is still going on) their anniversary sale going on - $55/month. This is if you agree to a 1 - year contract. Heck, I'll have my iPhone for twice as long as that, and this is for my health! You can also pay 3/month intervals, but it is in your wallets' best interest to do the 1 year. The only negative about this, is after the free trial, they didn't tell me that you have to pay three months upfront. However, I won't be charged again until May, so...I have never had a problem waiting for a machine here, which is good. But the REAL reason I joined this gym is for the classes. They offer EVERYTHING you could imagine. I have tried several already, my favorite being Zumba with Wil who is AMAZING. You will dance your butt off, literally and figuratively (hopefully more literally). The sculpting classes are also very good and I LOVE the bounce camp and pump and jump. You haven't lived until you have ran for 60 minutes on a mini trampoline (a rebounder) lifting weights. Quite frankly, I'm surprised I didn't trip and fall flat on my face the first time I tried this class. It will whoop you into shape, super challenging. They have a huge room where all of the cardio and sculpting classes are held, a spin room, and a room for the dance/yoga/pilates based classes. Also, there is another large room that is free to do whatever you want, with a punching bag, TRX bands, mats, pilates balls, ect. However, I have used the cardio room when it is empty in between classes with no issues. The staff and the instructors here are super friendly, the bathroom is clean and large with plenty of lockers (there are extra lockers next to the cardio room), however I think their scale might be a few pounds off. I heart this gym, and I have been going pretty much every day since my trial began. Summer 2014, I am (almost) ready for you!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,3/30/2014,91,140,4,6,5>This find was a happy accident when the Boy Friend got us on the wrong LIRR.  But this place made us smile and filled out Tummy's with some good old fashioned diner food.  The BF got a burger and curley fries and I got this crazy french toast pretzel sandwich!  Both menu items were great and then we split the Rainbow Cookie ice cream and I understand why other Yelpers suggest this dessert!  We Loved it!  It's the most New York Ice cream EVER! I also really loved the service at this location, I felt like I was back in my small hometown with the extra friendly staff here.  So, wether you are list like us or you came here on purpose, you will have a great dining experience!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,3/29/2014,104,200,3,7,3>Great menu and delicious food, nice ambience, prices are reasonable.You'd never know that sitting in the back of a somewhat deserted strip mall was this hidden gem unless someone tells you "you have to try this place". Thankfully someone told us that!Very crowded at 8pm on a Sat night however our reservations were perfectly honoured and we sat at 8 in a quiet corner in the back. The restaurant was packed and because its not a huge restaurant, it can get kind of loud so we were lucky to secure this somewhat secluded table.A quick bread basked with delicious pesto rolls and the waitress was there within seconds. She was a wonderfully attentive waitress and I wish I had her name to share. All I know is she was half Puerto Rican and half Italian and had a tattoo on both arms and had a great friendly personality! Our apps were amazing and included tuna sashimi pizza, duck tacos (my absolute favourite dish of the night) and a delicious refreshing salad with beets, pears, almonds and all good greens.Entrees included a braised lamb shank (my dish and it was tender and full of flavour), huge scallops, venison and striped bass. All served with great sides like squash, mashed potatoes and more. All of we're raving about our entrees and were sufficiently stuffed.We squeezed in an amazing piece of piece of pecan pie and some coffee!I walked away with the totally satiated feeling of great service, great food and can not wait till we eat there again (next week)!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/28/2014,382,325,10,12,12>Here's my dilemma:I love lobster.  I eat it as often as I can - in many different fashions - boiled, steamed, baked, sushi, in a roll, with mayo, without mayo, in ravioli, straight from the tail, poached in butter...You name it, I eat it.  Thats why I love Jordans so much - they have lobster.  Their smallest is 1.25 pounds, which I think is a great size because its still young and tender, but you're still getting a decent amount of meat.They have a great selection of other fresh fish, salads, marinades, seasoning and spices, cooking items.  They also will cook your lobster for you at no extra charge.Which was what I wanted. I didn't want my lobster hanging out in my car, knowing he was going to be dinner.  I didn't want to hear it moving around, or risk it getting out and pinching me, and I didn't want it to chill in my fridge all day staring at the potato salad knowing they were going to be a meal soon. I guess thats a little odd, because I've cooked clams before, and they're also live, but it didn't bother me.  I thought it was kind of cute when they snapped close during the cleaning.  Maybe its because the lobsters are bigger?  And they were doing headstands on my counter?  I digress. Unfortunately, I was vetoed and I had to buy them live and cook them at home.  It was a terrifying experience...and SO worth it.  I think the guy working there sensed my terror and basically held my hand (and carried my LOBSTAHS), as well as all the other goodies I picked up (think shrimp - cocktail and scallops that would be later seasoned, basted in a garlic butter sauce and wrapped in bacon...its NYE we're living it up) from the pit, up to the register.  Its a little wonky in there on the busy times, but they move quickly and they're all very nice, and very accomodating.  I think they knew I was a Live Lobster Buying Virgin and were realllll easy about the process.  They cook them beautifully at Jordans, and thats the way I will most likely go...but everyone should cook their own lobster at least once.  hey - they don't scream (thats a filthy lie) and they taste great!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/27/2014,179,129,5,9,5>Like any good Jewish person (although I am not really religious), I went to eat Chinese food with my family on Christmas day.  Being one of the only open restaurants in the area, this place was packed. They obviously knew the long lines were coming and they were fairly organized about it.  We only had to wait around 15 mins and we were seated. A little cart was brought around with buns and this was exciting because who doesn't like buns?  Well vegeterians dont! They also had lotus flower pancakes for me which were AMAZING.  It was more like a dessert. We ordered our meals and they were very fresh and steaming.  I had the vegetable Moo shoo plate and the pancakes were fresh and the cabbage was not too greasy. I am pretty pleased to have found our new Chinese go - to.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/26/2014,218,111,7,13,8>This place has excellent, excellent sushi!!! Very modern place, very sleek looking, friendly staff and an excellent value.  I came for lunch on a wednesday and had a 2 roll lunch special.  The lunch special comes with hot tea, soup, salad, and the 2 sushi rolls for $9.  How can you beat that? Also, I might add, the sushi is one of the best I have had.  Very fresh fish, rice cooked perfectly.The quality of the food and the low prices makes this place an excellent value, at least at lunch. I haven't been here for dinner so can't comment on that.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,3/25/2014,95,270,3,14,8>If you closed your eyes and someone plopped you at Plancha, you would swear that you were in Salumi. The same owners bought this restaurant and it mirrors their wine and tapas place in Massapequa. That's a very good thing!  It has the same rustic charm and offers much of the same menu items. Mike and I ordered Oren Swift's "F" wine which we adore. We paired it with the Spanish charcuterie board and the Burrata. Everything was delicous! The staff was wonderful and prices were fair. Garden City really needed a tapas and wine bar and I'm so glad that these folks were the ones who filled the void. 5 stars! Woohoo! As good as it gets!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/24/2014,9,7,2,6,6>Continue to be impressed with the excellent food, service and experience at Sufiya's Grill. Having been here a number of times it's food remains, consistent, fresh and desired! All the appetizer choices can be a good choice but our favorites are the spinach pie, hummus and any of the eggplant starters. The salads are good and can be upgraded to feed 2. Most dinner choices include rice, grilled onions, tomato and the choice of a meat all on top of a flat large pita. It is big platter! The chicken, steak and lamb are our favorites. Consider combinations if you are sharing the entree. The stews are  very good!!!! Have had the fish and again consistent and fresh. Entire fish deboned or whole with a few choices. They do have a Kids menu which comes with enough or they can share your generous dishes. Staff is very accommodating and even when they are busy provide helpful coverage. It does get busy during prime hours...call ahead for a reservation...it is so worth it! Cold Turkish wine is nice! Have not tried desserts as there is a nice frozen yogurt place next door, but hope too soon!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,3/23/2014,5,81,2,5,3>A solid 4 star meal.Went to King Umberto for a 20th Anniversary dinner before going to the Elmont Theater.  The meals were very good.  I enjoyed the Veal Sorrentina, though one piece was a little tough, but the other two were terrific.  My wife had the grilled chicken and loved it.  All the sides were very good and the appetizer, fried zucchini flowers were just like Grandma's.  They serve them with sauce, so if you are not use to that, make sure you ask for the sauce on the side.The only negative aspect was that we waited 15 minutes for our waiter after being seated.  We moved from a booth to a table because the A/C was a little cold for my wife.  The bus immediately brought our waters and fresh bread as soon as we moved.  but we sat for almost 15 minutes before I finally called the hostess over and asked if we had a waiter.  We were a little pressed for time and that annoyed me.While the food was good and the service was EXCELLENT once we got that sorted out, I am not sure I would go back.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,3/22/2014,2,5,5,7,6>This place did not disappoint! After searching yelp, my boyfriend and I decided on Waterzooi. All of the reviews were completely true. The place was packed with many people of all ages (mostly 20's and 30's) which is what we look for. There were tons of beers. and they were very tasty! We waited for our table and were brought back to the loud lively dining room. The bread was eh, but if we were looking for good bread we would have gone Italian. We started with the lobster max n cheese which was to die for! There was corn in it which i thought was interesting, but my boyfriend loved it. I also liked the garlic flavor in the dish.For dinner my boyfriend got one of the steaks, which surprisingly was to die for and I got a huge seafood dish, one of the first two, which was unbelievable! KEEP NOTE: portions are huge! When we thought we were full we ordered the Smores cake for dessert and it was the best part! I'm so glad I splurged for that! The molten chocolate cake were perfect for me, and the chocolate ice cream on top topped it off for my boyfriend!I hope I talked you into tryjng this place! Enjoy!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,3/21/2014,18,62,2,4,4>This place rivals all other Indian restaurants. I especially enjoy the mix of Thai, Indian, and Chinese foods. I can't say enough great things about it other than that I wish I could eat it everyday. Love the tikka masala and chicken with mushroom & basil. The combo fried rice is great as well. Long story short - a must visit!!!  I am going to try and go during the day during the week. I walked in of takeout and noticed a buffet they serve. Have to check it out so I can try some other choices. A wonderful hidden gem in Hicksville, NY
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,3/20/2014,30,36,2,7,5>I'm not sure how I passed this place for years without giving it a try. It actually makes me sad that I missed out on the wonderous food this place has to offer for so many years. Let's start with the service - the guys here weren't just polite, they were so friendly! Although they were busy, they took the time out to actually converse a little with customers. They were very enthusiastic too. The wings are quite possibly, hands down, the most amazing wings I've had. It isn't your typical buffalo wings, it was better! The flavors are unheard of, but are palette pleasing. Very well seasoned and cooked perfectly. Their sandwiches are ginormous. Every sandwich I've tasted, I've loved and wished that my stomach had more room so I could eat the whole thing! I had the gyro calzone, which was mind blowing. The concept was strange, but I love ricotta and had to try it. So yummy! Love this joint!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,3/19/2014,43,24,1,8,3>Was not disappointed. Better BBQ than when I was in Austin, TX. Had the char-grilled salmon and the whole rack of ribs. Salmon was perfectly moist and the ribs were dry rubbed with a great spice blend. They had some sauce on them too. Cooked just right. The sides we ordered were the grits with cheddar, onion rings, jalapeño cheddar and rice & beans with andouille sausage. All seasoned just right. Especially impressed with the onion ring seasoning. So many places stop at beer batter and don't do much else. For dessert we had pecan pie with bourbon whipped cream and bread pudding with white chocolate sauce. If you go in winter, dress warm. This is basically a fancy trailer with no insulation. Overall you expect to see this kind of BBQ down south. Not in Long Island. Skip Famous Dave's and head here.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/18/2014,48,137,2,10,6>Don't miss out on this local opportunity to explore the old and new of Long Island maritime history. This museum is unlike most and I mean that in the best possible way. The Long Island Maritime Museum is composed of several buildings located on a beautiful piece of land in West Sayville overlooking the Great South Bay.When visiting the museum be sure to pencil in some time so you're not rushed and can enjoy your visit to the fullest. From the main building (I won't spoil the exhibits) to stepping back in time at The Baymen's Cottage (A local home that was relocated to the museum property and restored) you'll experience aspects of maritime life that you didn't think possible. When visiting during warmer weather feel free to pack a picnic and enjoy lunch by the water. If visiting during the Spring to early Autumn call ahead and ask about Priscilla. She's a historic oyster sleep that's available for sailing throughout the week. It's an incredible experience that no one should miss.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,3/17/2014,218,126,5,8,7>Ummmmm WHAT?! This library is the bomb diggity!First of all the parking lot is adequate, and as you are walking up to it, you realize, wait is this the library? Or a mansion?My answer, both. This gorgeous library is quiet, a good amount of study space, decent wifi with a great view on the side, especially if you knocking out multiple hours in one day or have made the library your home, this library really is good. The study rooms are very quiet, but are too small compared to other libraries, and they only have a few quiet study rooms as opposed to other libraries in the area. Don't miss the great view over the harbor at sunset!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,3/16/2014,34,126,3,7,4>Updating because they truly deserve 5 Stars!! I live so close that I could always go and get it myself, but I like that when I call they KNOW us, and their delivery is quicker than I can get shoes on and get over there! By far it is the BEST take-out Chinese food in the surrounding area and while I always get the General Tao's Chicken, I do because it is OUTSTANDING to the point where I crave it bi-weekly! Hubby is constantly trying new things and always raves about them!! I really can't say enough great things about them - Just PERFECT!!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/15/2014,159,531,,6,3>Visit Date: January 18, 2014Hubby and I came here in desperate need of a good Mexican meal! Just a warning if you are going to come on a Saturday night be prepared for much loudness. The place itself isn't loud but the guest noise made it pretty insane. Between the drunk girls a couple of tables away and the annoying pretentious couples next to us on a double date plus the other guests we couldn't really talk to each other much. I can't give this place 4 stars because of customer loudness though, it's not really their fault. Hubby says it's quieter during the week. It's true Mexican through and through. The atmosphere is lively decorated with all kinds of Mexican restaurant paraphernalia and they had a live Mariachi band on Saturday night, not  sure if they have one all the time. I ordered the vegetarian combo plate and we split the gauc & chips. Everything was so delicious, cheesy, beany, ricey, tortillay Mexican goodness. It was all perfect. I stuffed my face with it until I could eat no more. My suggestion if you can't deal with a ton of loud people visit this place during a weekday if possible when it's less crowded.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,3/14/2014,1,154,,6,5>I love coming to this place. The service is great and the food is great. It is a small restaurant with limited seating. They also have a small bar. I usually try to go around 5:30 for dinner and I don't have to wait. They have dozens of different kinds of sangria. Everyone that I have tried was wonderful. They have several different kinds of tapas salads that my wife and I shared that was very flavorful. Then we tried the empanadas. The pork empanadas were my favorite. All the rest of the tapas dishes were great too. The meat, chicken and fish were all very tender and came with great sauces. I was very skeptical of tapas at first because I didn't think it would be enough food but I was wrong. If you order a few dishes it is more than enough. I have tried other tapas place since this but I have not not enjoyed them as much. If you're not in the mood for tapas try the Paella. It is so flavorful and enough for more than 2 people. If you come here and you don't know what you should get, get the tapas or the Paella because they are both delicious. For dessert you must try the fried Oreos. One word, AMAZING!The service is great, they are very attentive. Different waiters always ask if you need anything. The owner always comes by and asks if everything is okay. Parking is the one issue but I'm still giving it 5 stars. Street parking is metered before 6pm. There is a parking lot in the back that is also metered before 6pm. They also have Group ons which I have used.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2014,3/13/2014,46,88,2,14,3>it's been about three years since I wrote my original review of Lola. Since then I've been back about 4-5 times. I've consistently been impressed by Lola's decor, service, and the creativity of their dishes. I've told many friends (as well as posted on my blog) that Lola is perhaps the closest Great Neck has to a fine Manhattan restaurant. Unfortunately, my latest experience wasn't quite up to par. I went on a Monday night. The service was very good, and the decor was still excellent. The movie playing on the big screen was Casablanca, which I appreciated as that's one of my favorites. But the one shock to me was the food. We ordered many of the exact same dishes as we did three years ago, namely the "crispy, sweet, and salty Brussels sprouts" and the "creamy black polenta with balsamic glazed forest mushrooms". I mentioned in 2011 that the Brussels sprouts were a bit too salty. This time, they were practically inedible. Almost a half of the dish consisted of what appeared to be fried onions drenched in a syrupy sweet glaze. I didn't see one complete Brussels sprout anywhere--there were mostly individual leaves that were burnt. The black polenta also looked and tasted completely different than it did before. When I compare the photo I took in 2011 to the one I took tonight, it might has well have been two separate dishes. The dish from three years ago was beautiful, perfectly prepared polenta beautifully surrounded by black balsamic vinegar, beautiful forest mushrooms, and a green herb oil. The dish from tonight looked a lot more haphazardly assembled--chopped sauteed mushrooms on a bed of polenta with a smattering of chopped green onion. And it was far too sweet for mushroom polenta. We also ordered two new things on the menu: two classic Maine lobster rolls on Korean milk bun with french fries and 24-hour smoked brisket, truffled stone ground grits, and pickled cabbage. The lobster rolls were decent, although I really question the choice of the Korean milk bun, as the thick and rich bread tends to completely overwhelm the few pieces of lobster you get. As for the brisket, while the meat itself was excellent, I really question the flavor choices. The pickled cabbage was sickeningly sweet like candy, and while the pairings of savory brisket with salty grits and sweet cabbage might sound interesting on paper, at least on this particular night the combination wasn't very appetizing. Honestly, I left with a bit of a sick feeling--most of the dishes felt much too heavy and with absolutely no subtlety in any of the flavors.Honestly, I'm not sure if it was just a bad night for Lola or if this is a sign of deeper problems. But I definitely sense a downhill slide from my first visit three years ago. In addition, I started to notice other areas where Lola might be getting a little lazy. The paper menu we were given was obviously reused, as there was a big stain on the menu. The silverware was obviously worn and old. I'm not ready to give up on Lola, as I still believe it to be a neighborhood gem. But I hope that Michael Ginor and the management of the restaurant take note to not just recapture but also to build on the many strengths it had when it first opened. At the end of the day, a chain is only as strong as its weakest link, and tonight's experience was pretty weak
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2014,3/12/2014,371,182,11,17,12>Oh Miss Crabtree, I have something heavy on my heart...Growing up around the corner from Crabtree's I must have walked by this restaurant over a hundred times. It finally took a gift certificate from a family member to finally get me in the door.  It's not that I had anything against the restaurant it was just never at the top of my list.  Tonight we go in!My wife and I decided to enjoy a quiet dinner without the little rascals.  We showed up at Crabtree's around 6 o'clock without reservations but the restaurant was empty with the exception of two other tables. The host was very friendly, welcomed us as soon as we walked in, and seated us promptly. They had some unusual curtains hanging in the front door when we walked in that we assumed were there to keep the cold draft out or quell the noise of Jericho Tpke.  The restaurant is divided up into smaller rooms which created a nice atmosphere for conversation. They also have an impressive outdoor patio area in the rear of the restaurant. The waitress came over the table immediately and was friendly too. The menu is primarily focused on Mediterranean seafood dishes but also includes steak and burger options. The bus boy brought us a small bread basket with a very nice selection of fresh rolls, very nice. We decided to split the Sweet Potato Gnocchi ($10) as an appetizer. The dish is served with saffron cream and strips of Tasso. Tasso is a spicy, peppery pork usually reserved for Louisiana cooking. We both loved the flavors in this dish. This was the first time we both tried sweet potato gnocchi and we were both very impressed by this dish. Highly recommended. Now for the main courses, I regret the main dishes did not quite overwhelm us in the way that our appetizer did.  I had the Maryland Crab Cakes ($20), described as Pan Seared Lump Crabmeat, a "New York Times" favorite. I was disappointed to see the menu did not describe what side dishes came along with the entree. So to my surprise, I learn it's served with rice, Bok Choy, and a red beet when it arrives at the table. The crab cakes appear store bought, very well shaped with perfect rounded edges, not the true lumpy texture I would expect to see in restaurant crab cakes. O.k., I know that sounds whiny but I love a decent Maryland Crab Cake. The cakes did have a decent flavor and were seasoned well. Unfortunately, when I flipped the crab cakes over on my plate they were burned on the bottom. Very disappointing, sorry "Times" you missed the mark on this one. My wife ordered the Rigatoni with Artichoke Hearts ($14). The portion was generous, ample pasta with plenty of tomatoes and vegetables. The menu also describes that it's served in a light broth. Appearance wise it was spot on. Unfortunately as my wife worked her way into the dish there was a lake of broth at the bottom of the dish. Way to much broth. She wasn't impressed and ended up not finishing the dish and leaving half of it on her plate. No leftovers coming home from tonight's dinner. I consider Crabtree's a mixed bag. Maybe we made so bad choices for our entrees but we loved the Gnocchi appetizer. The staff are friendly and very accommodating. I think there is potential here but it may take another visit to discover it.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2013,3/5/2014,698,2009,1,8,4>Wholesale clubI hit these places every now and again - as a single person you sort of have to go with some friends in order to take advantage of the large sizes available - unless of course, you can eat five pounds of chocolate pudding all be yourself.In any case this BJ's location is a little confusing but overall you can find what you need - and stuff you didn't know you needed - by walking all the aisles... just like I did.The place has reasonably large aisles yet gaggles of lookie-loos were just wandering around like they were in total awe... strange and not the fault of the store of course.  Prices were decent- but not always a great deal - you need to know the normal costs of your items and work out the math to be sure it is worth it.Overall a good experience and I got out of there in relatively short order.Business parking in front.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/4/2014,146,186,5,11,8>I absolutely detest airports and If they didn't take me to tropical getaways I'd never set foot in one.   I detest all except for MacArthur Airport.  If you have a flight and can leave from here do yourself a favor and flight out of here.The staff is always nice and make you feel valued. It is never crowded and the parking is great.The big boys over in NYC should take notes on how to treat people like MacArthur does.Definitely Recommend!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,3/3/2014,196,94,7,10,11>So, who doesn't love a decent Mexican restaurant? I do, and this place delivers quite nicely. From being greeted until the bill came, I found myself remincing a off a time I spent in Puerto Vallarta sipping margaritas and devouring the the best salsa and tortilla chips I ever had.Gaucamole was saved table-side by our incredibly attentive waiter.Emanadas of pulleded chicken with an adobe sauce was served crispy warm on the outside yet succulent moist on the inside.Entrée consisted of a Enchilada ala Mole Negro and Pollo Relleno in a tequila mushroom cream sauce. Both were excellently prepared and was just the right proportion. The Mexican rice with the pumpkin seeds was a unexpected delight. What sealed the deal was the Patron XO Cafe shots on the house at the end of our meal! Would highly recommend Caracara to anyone in search of some decent Mexican grub in an environment of like-minded fiesta seekers.** H o t tip: request the house prepared habenero puree (not on the menu, and not for the faint-hearted), for you heat seekers!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,3/2/2014,383,272,5,11,9>Lolly's Hut is a 1970s era roadside diner. A true throwback to the time when you could get a huge breakfast plate with eggs, pancakes and home fries for $5.  If you want fancy, this is not your place. If you want the diner equivalent of Cheers, go no further, you have found what you are looking for.  There will be no red velvet pancakes on the menu, no cafe au lait or macchiato. The grill is two feet from the counter where Lolly makes your food fresh to order.  Pancakes, crisp home fries, eggs any way you like, French toast, and corned beef hash the way grandma made it.  There's a film of grease above the stove where millions of breakfasts and lunches have been prepared. If you are able to see thru the veneer, it will reveal a place so few of which are left, the American diner, the hometown meet and eat.  Go.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,3/1/2014,237,506,6,7,5>4 years strong, you and me, EDO.  You've never once let me down.  I love you for your spicy tsunami rolls.  I love you for your kani salad.  My kids love you for your chicken and beef teriyaki.    I love you for your speedy delivery.  I love that  you're an option when I'm starving, but too lazy to cook dinner.  I don't love it when you're closed on Mondays, but that's okay.   I love you for your friendly service but most of all, I love you for your prices.  I will love you forever and ever til the end of time.  When you closed down after the bicycle shop went on fire, my whole world collapsed.  Every day I am thankful for you, EDO, the sunshine of my life.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,2/28/2014,169,309,6,12,11>I've only visited once, but I'm officially infatuated with Jam. I love everything from the casual shabby chic decor, to the visually appealing and delicious food and the locally sourced products.Their varied and affordable menu has all of the basics such as omelets, pancakes, french toast with a few extravagant twists thrown in there like surf & turf benedict. I don't mind the variety, even if there's a handful of things I wouldn't eat. Their coffee comes from Massapequa perk cafe down the block. It was served piping hot and I found it smooth in taste with no chalky over brewed flavor. The west coast omelet was perfect and a a solid choice for those desiring a healthy(ish) protein. Turkey, egg whites avocado and Swiss cheese were right up my ally. It came out looking quite fantastic. Oh, go ahead Jam, make my omelet pretty. All pancakes are offered in the short stack and normal size. The blueberry pancakes were fluffalicious and sweet. I didn't need to douse them with syrup to enjoy. I love carbs and Jam's bread is no exception! The light -yet hearty multigrain wheat from sugar rush bakery was a pleasant addition to my omelet. I was floored by how fresh it was. It seriously had to been made 2 hours before I ate it. There's only one thing missing from Jam's menu... mimosas with fresh squeezed oranges. Mmm, those will definitely round out any Sunday morning brunch.Edit: They now have seating outside - worth it for brunch on a beautiful afternoon.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/27/2014,11,98,5,10,6>I remember going through a set of circulars one sunny day and a place called Reel stuck out to me.  It looked like an ordinary ad but what made it stand out is partially that its located where The Fishery once stood and because their head chef was featured on the Food Network (Plus a customer appreciation coupon helped sweeten the deal... okay I'll level with you it was the coupon that did me in).If I went by first impressions, I'd have left Reel within 5 minutes of seating.  The exterior was bland besides the Reel sign, the inside was too cold, and the hostess was eager to sit us to the table closest to the entrance, while the restaurant wasn't even 25% full!  Naturally we refused and were then given a better spot closer to the back although I happened to sit in the direct line of the quickly setting sun so my eyesight has never been the same.You know what they say about first impressions though...  oh you don't?  Well sometimes they aren't always right.  Our server was friendly, and was very attentive towards our table.  We were given bread rolls covered in olive oil with a seasoned butter on the side, which had mixed thoughts with everyone at the table.  I thought they were decent but one of the people with me begged to differ.  At this time I was able to notice Reel's ceiling, which is beautifully painted with nautical themed pictures; from ships on the ocean to the dreaded loch ness monster attacking her next victim, its a unique look.  The decor of the rest of the restaurant treads a fine line between casual and classy but I think the casual side ekes out in the end due to the quality of the tables, chairs, and napkins.  They get the job done but they have that classic causal vibe.  The prices are your average fair but one thing really stood out, the prix fixe menu, which you can order everyday at any hour, a smart move on Reel's part.  You get some excellent options for the price $25.95, and I chose to order off of it.  I got the soup sampler, the cedar plank salmon, and the special dessert of the day, a blueberry tart.The soup sampler gave me four of Reel's soups to try:  The New England clam chowder, the Manhattan clam chowder, the lobster bisque, and the soup du jour.  The two chowders were excellent, full of fish, and big on taste, but the bisque was more broth that lobster and would've helped with more seafood.  The soup du jour, duck and pork skin soup, was overly sweet and a strange mix of flavors; I think they should throw that soup out of their line-up where its better off because it was very awkward.  The salmon was in fact served on a cedar plank, drizzled in a dill pickle mayo sauce, served with vegetable chow chow and roast potatoes.  The salmon was decent and the dressing helped bring the dish up a notch but it wasn't the highlight of the meal.  The vegetable chow chow was fresh and flavorful, as were the roast potatoes (although could they stand to give you a couple more pieces than 4 little potatoes?).  For desert, the blueberry tart was excellent and complimented the vanilla ice cream nicely.  The blueberries at the bottom were warm and gooey, and I was sad that I couldn't have seconds.  I also had a chance to sample a few of the other dishes my friends had.  The popcorn shrimp was average but the sauce that complimented it, a cocktail sauce mixed with what I believe to be mayo, helped.  The lobster risotto as one yelper mentioned was excellent (and I'm normally not a fan of risotto) so I definitely recommend it.  The french fries had a solid look and texture and okay flavor but they could be much better, and the coleslaw was decent though far from the best I've ever had.  The chicken bites (grilled chicken on garlic bread with mozzarella) were solid and a good choice for those that aren't in the mood to seafood.Reel left a nice impression on us, especially when we got the bill.  Granted we had a coupon, which was a huge plus, but that prix fixe menu helped ease the blow.  With most of the dishes ranging from decent to good in taste along with solid service, Reel looks like it may be an adequate replacement for The Fishery, which to be honest I only found to be average at best.  Though my actual score of Reel would be 3.75 stars out of 5, perhaps they've succeeded in "Reeling" me in.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,2/26/2014,12,20,4,15,5>I was here on a recent Friday night and found the food and the service to be pretty exceptional.  I've noticed that there are a lot of complaints about the service which are either inaccurate or the staff has taken the feedback to heart and really stepped up their game.I've eaten at most restaurants in Garden City (everywhere expect SNARF) and this is definitely the best food I've had in town.  It could be defined as new-American cuisine which is a nice break from the Italian heavy restaurants that are typical to the area.  The tuna tartar starter was seriously good as well as the lamb and risotto.  The cocktails are Manhattan prices but I was really impressed with the effort.The only con (this could almost be a deal breaker) is the acoustics.  This place is punishingly loud.  I will never understand why restaurant designers don't take this into consideration especially when there are so many easy options to address this.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/25/2014,657,500,11,13,12>Two things I love:1. Art (Pottery)2. WinePottery+Wine+Friends= my Friday night.I couldn't think of a better way to catch up with my friends from home. ARTrageous! is an adorable find in the heart of Rockville Center. It's a fun alternative to the other sorts of debauchery we find ourselves in while visiting RVC. Friday is BYOB* night. Call ahead of time (day of is fine) and reserve a table. They want you to come at 6:30pm-9:30pm but if you walk in a bit later that's fine. They offer a hearty selection of snacks. We had pizza, strawberries, cake, veggies, etc. Don't be shy about grabbing seconds**... they basically come to your table telling you to take more. When you walk in, to your left you'll see an array of different pieces to choose from. Yes, some can get pretty expensive. But the average piece is about $20-$30. A little mug may be like $10 and the giant platter may cost $45. So plan accordingly. Once you pick your piece, bring it to the register where you can pay. They have a wall of paints that you can choose from (hardest decision of my day, no joke) and they display what each of the colors will look like once fired. Very convenient. Grab as many paints/brushes as you like... you can bring them to your table so you don't have to keep getting up for more. ARTrageous! played fun, upbeat music throughout the night. I was glad to see that even on a reallyyyy cold day (thanks polar vortex) it was packed. There were people of all ages (above 21 of course) and both men/women. My friends and I brought some Riesling and had a blast. The staff members were so nice and said that if we didn't finish, we can always take some of the supplies home. And it takes about 2 weeks, (depending on how busy they are) till you can pick up your finished piece. I ended up painting a chip/dip plate (see pic) which was very fun. If you're looking for a relaxing night out, I'd highly recommend coming here. I can tell people think it's pretty pricey... but for the amount of supplies, food, atmosphere, space, service and selection of pieces... it's worth it.__________________________________*People don't mess around with their drinks. I saw some women with a concoction of jungle juice. They take BYOB very seriously.**Yes, that person is me.P.S. artrageousrvc.com
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,2/24/2014,5000,690,11,18,15>Williams Cycle not yet reviewed? hmm.. perhaps a bit off the beaten path lol! hahah ok I like this bike shop for a few reasons. Small town bike shop on Woodbury Rd. just west of Plainview into Hicksville.. despite the mass development on the main roads nearby. This is a quiet part. The shop was originally named by the first owner, after a guy named William who funded the shop for the guy.. then he sold it to a new owner who has had it at least 15 years.Met the owner Bob, after waiting 3 or 4 weeks to reopen, who is a great guy and has posted on his door, that his wife needs his care now and comes first. So it was hard to read that and not wait.. Plus I saw a cool red GT bike in the window also.. He posted the day he planned to return.. so I came back. He had exactly what I and a good friend both wanted... Somehow we found two perfect bikes on one visit.  I have browsed Bicycle Planet in Syosset, Sports Authority, and even Twin Forks out east. But the owner listened and helped me make tough choices .. ie  type of gears, brakes, size of frame, color hahahaha, aluminum or steel, shocks, coated spokes etc. Most importantly all terrain off road tires not those thin street bike tires for the city.. I need to go on grass at times! lol He was so cool.. it was his idea to bring out at least 8 bikes to the parking lot, said.. go ahead ride them around. And left a few out at once to compare. not paranoid as long as one of us was out there. At one point he mentioned he had an upstairs with more bikes... and I wanted to know if he had the right one in white.. so he actually came down with all my key items in off white.... so.. naa..not off white haha..  went with a fuji.. lol  in cool colors. Almost got a red GT because I like the gear shift on them.  He has about 6 bikes of his own and rides them often. All decked out with lots of extras on them, I saw two of them parked inside. He never seemed like he was grinning and bearing it.. he really likes his customers. And doesn't mind Yelper types.. lol.. if there is one.. but we certainly can be a bit choosy... So I have given five stars even if proprietors aren't the best, being objective when neccessary.. but this time its easy... had what we wanted, found it for  us, let us race around the parking lot, his idea... and puts his family above his biz no matter what.  And patient! Honesltly patient and thoughful. So if you do want a bike from William's you may have to wait till open! (or call ahead). Wishing his wife all the best.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,2/23/2014,90,109,5,15,5>I'm ecstatic that someone finally opened a fun spot on the East end of Long Beach. We deserve fun places too, why should the West end have all the fun!?  This place is your typical sports bar.  The waitresses are cute and dressed in referee uniforms.  The menu is your typical mix of wings, burgers, sandwiches, and a few entrees.  There is a great draft beer selection.  There is a DJ that spins whenever game sound isn't on. Oh...and there's about 90 big screen TVs....That's not hyperbole...I counted....NINETY....OK maybe not, but they are everywhere.  Not a bad seat in the house.  A few negatives, but I'm hoping that these are "new place problems" that will work themselves out:  -they have beer towers, but only like 10, so on crowded nights there aren't enough for every table...-the first time I went to eat, the wings made it to the table before the drinks, silverware or plates, strange...-a waitress actually had the balls to drop a check (that we didn't ask for) on our table during the 3rd quarter of a football game (we intended to watch the whole game) and when we told her we weren't done ordering drinks, she told us we could close out and order from the bar. Like get up, and walk to the bar, even though we have a table, with a waitress. You can go home when your guests are finished sweetheart, not when you feel like it. We actually watched her leave while we were still watching the game...unacceptable behavior.   I live local, I come here frequently, place has major potential, they just need to straighten some things out.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,2/22/2014,238,372,3,8,6>Angelina's in Williston Park has become an almost weekly Friday occurrence for me, after being introduced to it by fellow multi-year elite Yelper months ago, Joel H. It's become an incredibly affordable spot to visit for fantastic Italian-American food, service (Rose-ann is the best server/bartender there), and overall experiences which I'll explain in detail below; it will include dishes from different visits!Be sure to roll in with at least 4-6 people to capitalize on the entire experience.Restaurant:+ They have their own private parking lot in the back with front and rear entrances to the restaurant. It's conveniently located, easy to find, and has quite a lot of dining space inside; it tends to get quite busy especially Thurs-Sun so be sure to get there early enough!Food:+ Filet of Sole Oregenata. $20.95. In the top 3 I've ever had, the oregenata is exactly how it should taste, the filet of sole was breaded perfectly, and the sole was sooooo perfectly succulent. Outstanding job guys!+ Veal Cacciatore + Shrimp Cacciatore in one. $20.95. I ordered a half dish of their veal cacc and shrimp cacc, in one dish! Here's what rocks about this place - they are so flexible, they'll let you customize your own dish and won't charge you extra for it! How awesome is that? the vegetables were done well, still had a bit of crunch but cooked through, the cacc sauce was quite good, the shrimp were large and thankfully not over cooked like most places, the veal was good but pounded a little too thin for my liking and was a bit overcooked...+ Combo Francese Plate. $xx.xx. I have no idea what it costs because I took 4 of their Francese plates and combined them in one (veal, shrimp, chicken, and sole). Of course I would do such a thing and drive the kitchen nuts! :) The Francese was really good, the breading in my opinion is a bit heavy but it's done very well nonetheless. Great lemony garlicky sauce going on...+ Mozzarella de Casa. $9.95. Buffala Mozzarella with roasted peppers, beefsteak tomatoes, basil, over a bed of greens. Not a noeveau dish since everyone is doing it but for less than $10, you will not find larger/thicker pieces of buff mozz paired with HUGE pieces of beefsteak tomatoes. NUTS!!!Desserts:+ Their tartufo is quite good as is their just standard scoops of ice cream. In fact, many times we'll have an entire plate of whip cream with chocolate drizzled on top, with a slice of chocolate cake / mousse on the side :) great family style dessert sharing!Service:+ Make sure you sit with Rose-ann (sp?) as she's the best server, bartender, and personality that exists at Angelina's! Her smile will get you every time...Owner/Noah:+ Noah is the man - he is always walking around to ensure things are up to his standards and takes feedback very well. He's keenly interested in everyone's experiences, what they've ordered, what they're drinking, what could be done better, and how you're doing overall (personally). Very nice!!!A solid 4 Yelp joint, and my favorite spot to visit if I don't make it in to Corona, Queens to visit Park Side. Keep up the great work Angelina's!THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,2/21/2014,285,275,4,11,6>I've been working out at Crossfit 516 for almost 6 months now.  I don't usually wait that long to write a review for an establishment that I deem to be 5-star worthy, but I wanted a fair amount of time to evaluate it.I've tried quite a few different types of activities and workouts throughout NYC and Long Island but nothing truly challenged and engaged me until I started Crossfit.  I started working out here in pretty good shape and in the last few months, I've really started to see my fitness move to the next level.  I'm doing things I could imagine doing a mere few months ago.  This is a workout and an experience you will not find at a traditional gym (I did that whole routine before....and it's boring and uninspiring).  The coaches - Logan, Tyler, Joe, Kyle, and Rob, are all incredibly skilled and talented.  They all emphasize proper form and skill development.  I can't say enough great things about this place.  This is one of the best affiliates out there and certainly the best in the area.5 solid stars.  I would give it 6 stars if I could.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,2/20/2014,18,15,4,7,5>After coercing mi amor to come into this place (not cute on the outside, for real,) we found our new tapas place. Woohoo!! Let's start by talking about the margaritas, because those things were a) delightful b) not for the faint of liver. The owner makes them, and he has a heavy hand. I was buzzed before we even started. Woops. I thought I was speaking fluent "Spanish" by the end of the meal.  They offer three flavors: traditional, mango, and strawberry, which is frozen. I didn't get to try the strawberry, but the mango was incredible.  The service was friendly and efficient. Our food took ten minutes, tops, to start coming out (mind you this was a Monday) and we got to nosh on some delicious olives while we waited. We ordered: Empanadillas (pollo): Good. Freshly baked. I wish they were a little more meaty.Albondigas (salsa roja): Delicate beef, fell apart in your mouth. I really enjoyed the veggies in the sauce. La ensalada calamare (grilled. Como se dice "grilled" en espanol?): Pretty solid. My boyfriend really enjoyed the calamari which weren't rubbery at all. They freaked me out because they serve part of the actual squid rather than the individual rings and tentacles. The mayonnaise they serve with the salad was surprisingly complementary, though. If you're brave, you'll enjoy this more than I did. Pimientos rellenos (con camarones. Am I stretching it?) Yum. I'll be honest. I don't remember them much. I was already three margaritas in at this point. Tortilla espanola (de patatas y cebollas) So good. I was wasted. "THIS IS EVERYTHING A POTATO LATKE SHOULD BE. OM NOMNOMNOM."My boyfriend also had the rice pudding for dessert which I heard was pretty delicious. We'll be back, Espana. Liver, lo siento.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,2/19/2014,13,179,4,9,7>Fargiano's is a good option to the over saturated East Islip/Islip/Islip Terrace Pizza scene.  Great for lunch, the specialty pizza is packed with delicious stuff.  The Buffalo Chicken pizza, Chicken Bacon Bomber, and Chicken Parm slices are really good.  They also have these pepperoni twists which are good.  Got better with the addition of olive oil and garlic and could become even better if provolone were added.  I think the thing here is that if you want a specialty slice, this is the place to go.  Their regular pizza is good, but IMHO not the best around.  However, the specialty slices are some of the best around, if not the best. Prices are good to.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,2/18/2014,2,29,3,8,6>Seriously good sushi in interesting combinations and a great presentation.  Aji 53 would be a great spot for a date night.  We had a variety of appetizers: edamame, coconut shrimp, calamari and veggie gyoza.  The gyoza were average, the edamame and calamari were good, and the shrimp were awesome.  I had the Monster Roll, which was delicious, and had just the right amount of heat.At ~$15/roll, it's not cheap though.  If you're looking for a stripped down, good sushi with all the classics, try Benten in Miller Place.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,2/17/2014,1,9,5,5,4>DISCLAIMER------------------------------------­ECCENTRIC REVIEW BELOWAlthough I understand how frustrating poor service can be, I don't think it's justified to rate this a 1 star for poor service. Especially when you artificially inflate the next restaurant you went to because "they served me food fast, me hungy". My reasoning will be below but give this establishment a chance, one more time. I'm also quite stingy with my Yelp stars so this came as a great return back to the wonderment of Thai Food! This place is not for people looking to fill your stomachs boringly, have peace and quiet (it is located next to a dance studio, music WAS an issue) or be treated in the same manner that American Waiterdom presents. Service will be slow or spotty, you probably won't be seated immediately but it makes everything more of a mystery. These are the only cons; continue below: This place is an restaurant for the true seekers of flavors, the hunters of gastrointestinal enlightenment and pursuers of palate pleasing. Whether Thai be yo thang' or a completely foreign experience to you, one should try this. If you have ventured into South-Asian or Indian restaurants previous to this one, you will slide seamlessly into the generic comforts of this menu. The reason why this warrants 5-stars you say? (and this bases my review off 2 dishes) It felt as though I had the Obama administration drone-bombing my tongue and throat with deliciousness. My yellow curry, I'm guessing, was birthed into this universe as a shining prize of the gods to us mortals. As if Zeus himself was sweating over the wok in the kitchen, it felt as though my brain had just punished me for not finding this culinary delight previously in my life and was trying to catch up by inhaling it, primarily, through my nostrils. I also had the Roti bread which is a generic bread used, sort of like Naan bread, which added as a base to mop up the remnants of the culinary equivalent of Babylon. This bread could destroy countries over it's taste. I abhore you, nay, COMMAND you to try this and stray away from the boring Applebee's, Italian Garden, Chinese Food rotation you Long Islandians are used to. Do it for the bread.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/16/2014,23,46,5,11,6>Patchogue's newest arrival incorporates unbelievable decor, an amazingly attentive staff & food that leaves you craving for more! The signature pork, veal & beef meatballs are the anchor here, providing a foundation that will become a Patchogue staple for years to come.  Try a meatball slider with a fried egg...... the creamy goodness of the yolk melts into the delectable, tender moist ball to create what can only be described as a mouth orgasm. I was surprised again by the chicken & Moroccan lamb meatballs.  Most times they are a dry, rubbery disaster.... here they are perfectly tender,  the flavor profile balanced & noteworthy.   The lamb sports a subtle but noticeable heat that graces the back of your pallete,  leaving you in mortal disbelief of the earthly heaven you're in.  As you dive deeper into the list, the crispy panko breaded lobster & risotto balls leave you, once again, scraping the plate for every miniscule bit of goodness.  The first night I was here, I feasted on 23 meatballs total & I have NO REGRETS!  if you start wondering if this mortal extravagance will light your credit card on fire..... now brace yourself.....  sliders are $3.  A bowl of four meatballs with sauce & bread is $9.  Add $5 for some pasta.  Yes... amazing, succulent meatballs, gravy, pasta & bread for $14.  This might be the best place to open in Patchogue in a very long time....
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,2/15/2014,117,234,10,18,14>The mad Russian and I have been coming here about once a month for a while and I thought I'd update my review. We were looking for some live music the other night and not having found any that was starting for another hour, we showed up at Jack Halyards - We were seated straight away and Sean came immediately to take our drink order and explain a few things on the menu. Use your yelp "check-in" feature for a free glass of wine! We've always enjoyed the food when we've come and this time is no exception. Two new updates:If you like tuna tare tare, this has been updated to a "nacho type" platter. Wow was this great- chips guac and chunks of Tuna.... So goodThe mussels pot was out of this world good... big chunks of Onions and Red plum tomatoes with plenty of garlic and dipping juices.... my stomach just smiled thinking of them.Great food- Great service
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,2/12/2014,119,115,6,8,7>It's a gas station...how great can it be?  Well, let me count the ways.1) This HESS routinely has better prices than the closest alternatives. Just Look - longislandgasprices.com/2) Even when it doesn't have the best prices, cash and credit are the same price.  3) Free Air!  Enough said.4) The HESS Express shop is basically a 24 Hour Convenience store with great coffee and a huge array of beers, snack-foods, dairy products, etc.5) Well lit and clean pumps with stocked paper towel dispensers and squeegee stations.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,2/11/2014,117,113,4,8,10>**Radio Static**"This just in!  Chicago gangster Al Capone is sentenced to 11 years for tax evasion!  Red China proclaims a new Soviet Republic under Mao Zedong... This weekend, Frankenstein premiers in New York theaters; and afterwards, come stop by Brownstones Coffee for a delectable treat with your favorite gal.."**Radio Static**Steampunk brunch, anyone?  What an awesome place.  If you come on the weekends, be prepared to fight your way up to the service counter for one of those pagers and then go get the paper, because it's going to be 30-40 minutes before that thing goes off and you're seated.  It's worth every minute of wait though, because this was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a while.Once you get inside, look around.. this place has been decorated with a meticulous eye.  It seems like time has stopped somewhere in the early 1930's (I believe there was an exact date somewhere on one of the signs) and what a comfortable aesthetic to lounge about inside.  I really liked the touch of making a faux-office above the service counter - available for rent?  I'd suffer the stoop-induced-backaches to hang out up there on a daily basis.While they do serve lunch, it seemed like even at 1pm on a Sunday that everyone was digging-in to breakfasts, and with good cause!  I ended up getting the classic (aka typical) cakes-n-eggs: 2 huge pancakes, eggs anyway you want em, home fries, and bacon/sausage.  Everything on my plate was perfect.EverySingleThing.I really like how they have descriptions of the different coffee beans available - it makes it easy for someone (like me) who knows they like coffee, but is just beginning to dip their toe into knowing what's what in that world.  Check out the pics for their food - they don't just make things look pretty for the menu and then throw crap out on a plate when you order.  Brownstones, you make me wish I lived closer to here so I could indulge (much) more often.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,2/10/2014,425,101,7,8,7>I could never pass up all-you-can-eat sushi. Typical AYCE sushi joint and twenty bucks per head (there were three of us) on a weekday. Completely ravenous, we were really tempted to check off as many sushi rolls that caught our eye on the menu but they would charge you if you didn't finish the food or at least almost finish the amount you ordered. Understandable, considering the waste of food.Luckily, we (somewhat, and I say that loosely) restrained ourselves and ordered the: Yummy Maki: eel, avocado, mango, topped with tabiko 5/5 Philadelphia: salmon and cream cheese 5/5Butterfly: soybean paper, lobster, mango, crunch, avocado, sweet chili sauce 3/5 (Weirdly too sweet.)Salmon Avocado: what I just wrote. 5/5 Crazy Salmon: crunch spicy salmon, avocado, with crab salad 4/5 (Yummy but a bit one-note of course.)To be honest, all three of us couldn't finish at least three rolls on the platter so we dissected them, discarding the rice and ate the insides. Rice definitely fills you up. Note to self: Next time, we need to order more sashimi. bit.ly/14U4v23As for one piece orders, we *only* ordered four slices of salmon, two shrimp tempuras, three bowls of miso, and two fried oysters. Wow, I still don't know how we managed to order more food...BUT WE DID! Luckily our second round was a bit more...minimalistic? Three pieces of squid, two salmons, two white tunas, two eel, four shrimps, and tobiko. *cough* Okay, I admit. We were bottomless pits. 4/5 bit.ly/16VtXoAAlthough we were gut-busting full, we also ordered dessert. It was truly never-ending. We simply ordered ice cream...one bowl of each flavour!! I devoured the red bean, savored the matcha, whilst my sister took careful bites of vanilla, and friend weakly scooped bits of chocolate. 5/5 bit.ly/1477sgaWe all left Sushi Palace, waddling out like ducks and absolutely satiated. This meal was not only my brunch but also my dinner. Fantastic experience but I really need to steer clear of AYCE sushi places. They had some really nice lunch combos (bentos) that we were all *originally* going to get, with a more appealing price and appropriate portion but we all decided on our amateur careers in sumo-wrestling that day.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/1/2014,2/9/2014,273,306,5,9,5>I can't give this place more than 3 stars and there are a few reasons why.Small place, when it's busy, it gets chaotic. There's no way of knowing who was there first, who already ordered, who paid, etc. It's a nightmare. Steer clear at peak hours such as lunch time and especially weekend dinner time. Service takes a while. Even if you just order a salad, expect a 10+ minute wait time. Want protein in your salad? Add at least 5 minutes more. A chicken Caesar salad took 15 minutes to get. Not cool. They also don't inform you how long it will be. I asked the girl after waiting a considerable amount of time and she looked up in the air and guessed a minute or two. After 5 minutes I asked her to check the kitchen. It's a salad for god sakes. But, the thing that knocks it down to 3 for me was my last visit. Everyone who was working (grown men) were standing around bashing some customer who was unhappy with their service. Are you kidding me? A customer is standing in ear shot and you're demolishing someone who pays your salary? I'm not saying that the lady didn't deserve it, I'm sure they thought she did, but it was super inappropriate that they had that conversation in front of guests who weren't even being taken care of. The chicken Caesar salad here is good, but the service leaves a lot to be desired.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,2/8/2014,477,177,3,6,5>I was pleasantly surprised by this Japanese restaurant. I ordered the steak & chicken hibachi combination & was impressed that it also came with two shrimp that were cooked to perfection. The chicken was moist & tender & dipped in the accompanying sauces they serve on the side, it was really tasty. I love the white sauce (get your minds out of the gutter people!!) & can literally dunk anything & everything in there! The steak I ordered medium rare yet it was definitely more medium well. Although I wasn't thrilled with that, the meat was not rough or chewy at all & had really nice flavor so I definitely still enjoyed it, especially after dipping it in the brown sauce on the side. The vegetables & noodles on the side were really good too & I didn't even need or want the white rice they brought on the side at all. I must admit this is the first time I had hibachi without sitting at the large table surrounded by annoyingly loud, obnoxious people that I really could care less to engage with & watch the "show"...I mean, it's cool & all I guess, but I want to eat...not always in the mood for the show. I also always disliked that when the chef cooks in front of you, the meal is served separately. Who wants to eat vegetables, then noodles, then the protein you chose? I would always sit there waiting for it all & the rice & noodles & veggies would be cold...I never realized I could sit down at a regular table & order same meal & eat it all at once hot & yummy with just my company for dinner instead of a raucous group. Hell yes!!! My take on Japanese just changed!! Not sure if this is possible at all restaurants or just here but I'll be back!! The service was also incredibly prompt & attentive. Overall, a very nice experience & look forward to going back really soon!!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,2/7/2014,4,20,6,11,7>Really great gym. I was so impressed and amazed by everything. All the equipment is new and up to date. The staff are wonderful people. I felt so comfortable there. I was trying out several gyms when I came to this one. I came to this gym cause of the day pass that I had but I'm so happy I stumbled upon this fitness center. It has everything I want and more. They're prices are fairly affordable, not like most fitness centers. They have a juice bar in there which is great as well. I don't use that stuff but I know people check for that in gyms. I would definitely recommend this gym
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/6/2014,56,75,3,8,5>Been here three times. First time was Bc of the name, Even Flow. Had to check out the Pearl Jam theme. Saw a a band perform and we loved it. Second time, it was packed for a night of bands. So we did drink but never got around to those wings. Then, finally...We went one afternoon during a jet game. Grabbed a table, and placed the order. Amazing waitress, great beer and......holy balls, wings. Never have I ever had wings like this. PBnJ wings were spectacular and I crave them each evening now. And the regular medium buffalo wings were better then any I have ever tasted, and I have had my share from various places. My goal will be to try most of them. I suggest (and hope and pray ) that the owner opens an Even Flow here in Nassau County. Specifically, Wantagh. I highly recommend getting down there and trying them. Great eating!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,2/5/2014,72,191,6,12,4>If you want seafood in Huntington - Buoy One is the place to go!After seeing that this Hamptons staple was being placed spot that was once lackluster Strawberry's I was ecstatic! Having grown up out east, I always knew that one of the most reliable, affordable, fresh, and delicious places to indulge in seafood was Buoy One!  Bringing some staple dishes from their home restaurants and some new choices this place surely lives up to their flagship store out in Riverhead.  I can't think of any restaurants in Huntington that cater solely to seafood, so this is a welcome newcomer to the restaurant scene!Decor: BEAUTIFUL! You feel like you're in a restaurant on the sea.  The beautiful sea greens and blues, go perfect with their elegant understated decor. The bar is beautiful, the pictures are beautiful.  I felt like I was in a Hamptons getaway.  As we sat in the front of the restaurant with the windows open, and the warm summer breeze blowing in, we were able to people watch and watch the hustle and bustle going on in Huntington but were still far enough removed.The Food:  So let's get down to the knitty gritty - the food.  The food does NOT disappoint.  We started with  a dozen raw oysters, the freshest you can get.  These are Bluepoint Oysters caught in Mecox Bay and delivered fresh.  They were delicious! Some of the freshest oysters I've had short of sitting at a fish house right on the bay.  We also tried two specials: Piggyback oysters and shrimp and avocado quesadilla.  The piggyback oysters were very unique and delicious.  They were fried oysters ontop of pulled pork served right in the oyster shell - I would never think of pairing these but they were one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted! Such a nice combo! The shrimp and avocado quesadilla was equally as delicious served with a nice sauce, it was in a light and crispy dough rather than heavy tortilla.  Being not too hungry, we decided to split the Sesame crusted tuna.  YUM! Ordered rare, it was served perfectly.  The flavor was delicious, also delightfully fresh! It was combined with fresh julienne vegetables and jasmine rice.  I find that sesame tuna is hit or miss depending on freshness and cooking style.  This is light, clean, fresh - YUM! Get it you won't be disappointed. The food is also very well priced for the market, you can get more affordable dishes or splurge for expensive.  The price of the raw seafood is beyond fair! They also have fare for the landlovers as well.Drinks: The beer tap isn't running yet :( BUT the sangria was delicious!Service:  I've read reviews of slow service - we had no problem! We were greeted with a smile and served promptly and efficiently.  Maybe these other reviews are from weekend nights? I don't care where you eat on a Friday/Saturday it is always packed and you can't expect the most wonderful service ever BUT I have absolutely no complaints.  They were so friendly and were able to tell us what type of seafood, where it was caught, and explain the dishes thoroughly.Try Buoy One! The perfect restaurant that Huntington was lacking.  Also a nice place to give back to the Long Island Market, supporting local agriculture!  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,2/4/2014,78,161,3,7,5>This place is a nice change from the standard chain restaurants. Good for kids, they have crayons and such on the tables for them to play with.LOCATION: On rt 25 down the street from smith haven mall.DECOR: Very homey-countryish feel to the place. Wood floors and tables, casual style dining.FOOD: Ordered sea food bisque and mozzarella sticks as appetizers. The sea food bisque was very tasty, not too fishy, a nice creamy soup (could have used more chunks, not much seafood pieces). Mozz sticks were average, nothing special. Chose the create your own burger option for our entrees. Ordered two bacon cheeseburgers, one with old-english cheese and one with mozzarella cheese. Burgers came with fried onion rings, cole slaw and french fries. Burgers were tasty, meat was cooked as I asked and the burger buns had tons of sesame seeds on them which I enjoyed.SERVICE: Was pretty packed being a Friday night, but the wait was only 20 minutes which was good for how busy it was. Waitress was nice, average service.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,2/3/2014,2,7,3,4,3>It's rare to find a restaurant that I cannot find fault in. Super fresh well prepared sushi with interesting choices like tortilla tuna and duck tacos. Martini salad is a must with fresh crab and daikon radish. To go along with incredible sushi, the staff is attentive and personable. A great family neighborhood feel with top notch sushi. Highly recommended
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,2/2/2014,45,145,2,4,2>Our go-to spot when we have no plan for dinner. We take out from here almost weekly!  Our favorite meals are pasta bolognese and Penne Alla Milano. Each meal comes with a salad with delicious dressing and garlic knots.  We also regularly order heroes. We really love the roll and the tomato sauce.  The pizza has a thin crispy crust. Our family likes the plain cheese slice, the salad slice and the bbq chicken slice. While we usually take out, there is slice seating in the front and waitress service in the rear. For a great meal in a neighborhood restaurant try Villa Milano.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,2/1/2014,58,82,3,12,4>Amazing! It should be called "Genuine Taste of Africa". There are very few authentic West African places on Long island (or America for that matter) and TOA is the real deal.  The place is neat and clean with a no frills decor perfect for a cheap eat.  The service is great and the food is fresh, flavorful and authentic.We were greeted by the owner (Ella) who sent over a tasting sampler plate with various dishes and stews.  Smart idea for folks who may not be familiar to West African cuisine. Pique the ever smiling server was a little surprised that we could rattle off the menu list, intrigued that I had spent some time in West Africa. Pique on the other hand could rattle off Chinese to my astonishment. Claims he learned it on the internet and while watching Kung-Fu movies.As for the food: Pounded Yam with Egusi Stew, Jollof Rice and Beans, Fried Yam with Tomato stew, Meat Pies, Pepper Soup!  You name it, they got it and each one of it is simply amazing.And boy, does the Pepper Soup pack a punch!  It's like sparing with Mike Tyson, just tastes better.This place is a foodie's delight: refreshingly authentic flavors, fresh food, great service and cheap prices! Whether you are familiar with West African Cuisine or simply want to explore, this is where to go.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,1/31/2014,375,757,7,10,8>I don't know why but I always expected Limani to be a rinky dink Mediterranean restaurant. I had never passed by the restaurant, so I didn't even know what the front looked like. Judgey Wudgey. That's me.As soon as I turned into the valet parking lot, I knew I was wrong. Quite the contrary. Limani is an upscale restaurant that serves modern Mediterranean fare.The inside is enormous. Clearly, no expense was spared for décor. From the chandeliers to the chairs-everything is high quality. My friend and I were seated rather quickly in a quiet corner. We were served hummus and eggplant dips with fresh pita. My friend and I shared the octopus dish and the Kolokithi.  The octopus was grilled very well. Not too chewy. Kolokithi is paper thin zucchini (lightly breaded and seasoned)served with eggplant and fried kefalograviera cheese. The zucchini was heavenly. One of the best things I ever ate. Seriously. A creamy tzatziki-type sauce was served on the side for dipping.Limani is heavy on the fish dishes. Almost every fish is prepared the same way-grilled and lightly seasoned. Some may say this is too simple but I think this is the perfect way to get the most out of a fish dish. You can taste the actual fish. The travesty! We got the black sea bass for 2 upon a recommendation from the waiter. The fish came to our table whole and someone cut it up for us. With a little spritz of lemon, the fish was perfect. Light but filling. We shared 2 sides as well: the lemon roasted potatoes and white (never saw that before!) and green asparagus. Again, notice how everything here is simple and fresh, but still delicious. We decided to sway away from typical Greek dessert and got the Chocolatina. What was supposed to be a warm chocolate soufflé served with roasted figs and fig ice cream was actually more of a molten lava cake. No complaints here but I just wish they would label it correctly. A soufflé is more light, puffy, airy and this was definitely not.Is it expensive? Yes, very. I'm not going to sugar coat it.  However, I think a special occasion completely warrants this type of restaurant.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,1/30/2014,62,198,4,7,7>The fine gentlemen from Sempre Fame provided me and 5 good friends with one of the best meals we've ever had. And not only that, they came right to my door so we didn't have to lift a finger. We started with a pulled pork quesadilla, which was crisped perfectly on the immense grill they brought with them. It was extremely tasty and a perfect appetizer. Also served was an enjoyable grilled bread with a rosemary infused EVOO. They also made a delicious taco salad and these bacon wrapped shrimp that tasted like candy, literally. Entrées were glazed ribs, which were so wonderfully tender and flavorful, and my personal favorite, grilled steak with mushrooms and onions. This combo was nothing short of stellar, the steak was juicy and cooked to perfection, but the mushrooms and onions were out of this world, with a carmelization so perfect, it could be served as dessert. On the side, they served grilled zucchini and sweet peppers, brushed in oil. Exceptional! We loved loved loved it, and will definitely be using their services in the future. Thanks so much, guys, for such an unforgettable evening!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,1/29/2014,264,355,1,3,3>I've been here several times in 2013 all during lunch aka waiting for my car to be ready from across the street at Sears Auto. The decor is nice and loungey but its all about the Sushi. Its overhyped in the sense that people say this is the best Sushi joint on Long Island, haha no. House Roll, Nisen Roll, and Volcano are all real good. Some of the other rolls are okay but nothing mind blowing. The service here can sometime become Zzz. I definitely prefer Aji 53 in Smithtown over this especially since their similar in price.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,1/28/2014,145,285,5,12,5>The Morning Rose opened recently in downtown Bellmore.  Open for breakfast, brunch and lunch this quaint cafe is serving up some of the most unique and tasty breakfast around!  I had eggs Benedict with pork belly and hollandaise which was just incredible, pork belly was crispy and packed with flavor.  The poached eggs were cooked perfectly and covered in a rich hollandaise sauce.  Beneath the eggs and pork belly was delicious potatoes and some tasty biscuit.  The waffles were light and sweet, served with cinnamon butter and real syrup.  The bubba biscuits consisted of biscuits and sausage gravy with roasted tomatoes and two eggs.  Everything was awesome and they have a ton of unique meals I am looking forward to trying.  Also want to hit them up for lunch as that side of the menu also looked full of great choices!  The service was fantastic and the decor was very tasteful.  This cafe has about 15 tables and I predict we'll be waiting for tables as soon as the word gets out!  This place is going to be a hit!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,1/27/2014,182,171,6,12,5>This is the BEST pizzeria in Massapequa!  Leonardo's is named after the owner's father. Dominick is no stranger to the restaurant business, he's been doing it since 1975. As he states, WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF PIZZA!All pizza's use all imported ingredients from Italy, he even imports the oregano from Sicily. He only uses San Marzano tomato's for his sauce, considered the best tomato's in the world for their flavor. My favorite pizza's were House slice (pepperoni,sausage,mushrooms,onions,and peppers), Spinach & Artichoke, this is like having a spinach and artichoke dip already on your bread...amazing flavor. Full assortment of appetizers,salads,calzones & rolls, pasta, panini,entrees (we had the chicken marsala & veal parmigiana both fabulous). All Yelper's must try this pizzeria, you won't be disappointed.Say hello to Dominick, he is the real deal, one really good fella. Ciao
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,1/26/2014,90,119,,11,6>Came here for the Rise of the Jack-O-Lanterns walk and I have to say it was neat.  Some spots had little clusters of people but totally manageable. I would definitely like to come back during the day to walk the grounds and get a tour. It started to drizzle while we were there but it didn't stop us from checking out the pumpkins. Yet if it started to pour I think we would've hurried along since the trail seems like a grass/dirt mixture. Plus walking around in the rain with no umbrella is no bueno for me.I'll definitely be back during the day for a tour and take better pictures with my actual camera and not my iPhone.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,1/25/2014,102,354,5,11,4>Are you drunk, tired, or just craving bagels at night but do not want to spend a lot? COME HERE!I came here with some friends after a gig of mine late at night. The lady working behind the counter was adorable and working so hard. I could tell right away the bagels were going to be good because they were soooooo fluffy. And it was!This is not a deli...do not come here looking to get the typical sandwich, macaroni salad, meats on a bagel etc. This place has a very limited menu. Except for their extensive list of cream cheese flavors (which i clearly need to try next time I go). This place seems to be all about the simple bagel and shmeer combination.I got a bagel with Tuna and was impressed. The tuna was simple without a ton of mayo, just the way I like. Combined that with the fluffy everything bagel and I loved it. Next time I have a gig I will be sure to come here at night!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,1/24/2014,152,78,10,14,9>$28 for an 1 hour foot massage!  Can't get any better than that!!  Staff are very friendly, never make you feel rushed.  When you get in they have you sit on a little stool and have you soak your feet in warm water while they massage your back.  Then after they put you in this big comfy recliner chair and cover you in blankets and they work on your feet.  It was sooooo relaxing!!  Let's just say that I was so relaxed that I  woke myself up after hearing myself snore lol.  I would definitely recommend this place to everyone!!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,1/23/2014,26,96,3,4,3>What a delightful meal-delicious and fun.  It is on the small side (downsized from Superstorm Sandy) and quite busy , although our party of 7 was seated very shortly.  It is a bustling place, appropriate to big groups looking to cut loose.  A friend in our group has loved the place for years and it was our first time here and we were very impressed.  Our waitress couldn't have been nicer or more efficient.  Her name was Mena(?) I believe.  I apologize if I got the name incorrect.  She was friendly and quick, answering our requests with a smile.  The food- Gratis chips and salsa- legit! Both mild and Spicy Queso- the spicy had a good kick to it.  The guacamole was on point- a little chunky, hint of garlic.  Margaritas- generous with the booze and tangy.  My fajitas!!!! OMG!!! So perfect.  I got a skirt steak/pork carnitas combo- to die for.  I bumped it up with added on poblano and red peppers-nice addition. The burritos looked generous.  The quesadillas were ample.  For dessert we enjoyed these little shooters they have in flavors like Key Lime Pie, Apple Pie, Double Chocolate,etc.  Very fun and sweet.  It isn't a fancy place, but just delightful and fun.  Can't wait to return.  Only thing I didn't care for were the height of the chairs on some of the larger tables-they are bar height with big chairs to match! Lol.  I'm a shorty so my legs were dangling! Not really a biggie, though!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,1/22/2014,140,162,9,14,13>The food here is solid. Great little place for tapas and a night out with friends. The best thing on the menu would probably be the blueberry bread pudding. Mmmm, bread pudding! (Sorry, I've got a sweet tooth.)Came here last Friday with a big ol' group of people and we had a smashing good time. The service is top-notch and I really enjoyed the food (mac and cheese, summer salad, burrata). I truly hope to make a return visit sometime soon. I think this would be a really cute date spot with a special someone. Also super convenient is that this restaurant is right on the end of a side street near the large parking lot, so after you stuff yourself silly you can just roll yourself to your car. Congrats to Tullulah's on their relaunch! We'll see you again soon.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,1/21/2014,287,356,4,6,5>Renovated around ten years ago Notre Dame is a beautiful, elaborate church. It is spacious, well -heated in the winter, and has plenty of parking. I remember going to religious ed classes in the adjoining school. The school is large and could use a little renovating itself.I was surprised they didn't put a family room in the back of the church like a lot of them do nowadays. I remember going to a different church when I was little and if I made noise my mom or dad would take me to the room so I and the other fidgeting kids, wouldn't disrupt service. Notre Dame doesn't have that.The church hosts blood drives every so often which is great, except that the last few times I haven't met the mark on donating. Definitely call them if you're interested and see what other drives they may have,
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,1/20/2014,113,382,,11,7>In the olden days long before yelp long before computerslong before seat beltsyou could walk around the Town of Syosset and find 2 full supermarketsthere was a long dry season of just 7/11 and a couple of grocery items in the cvsThink fairway meets 7/11 meets stopnshop This is a small supermarket grocery organic natural food storeits tiny but chock full of just about everythingorganic grains organic fruits and veggiesfreezer full of vegetarian foodscheeses and Milk my yelping friends pay attention to expiry dates on regular ol supermarket milk compared to organic (at least 1 month longer yes 1 month)there is a deli departmentfresh sandwichs made to order a fresh juice barsushi fresh flowersthey even carry a full line a Mrs Meyers soaps and cleaning suppliesvery friendly staffI bought  organic 1/2 gallon Milk ,eggs bananas, organic celery, organic maple syrup,a bottle of REAL all natural (you can see the ginger in it) ginger ale and a beautiful(ready made) fresh filled with fresh veggies goodness blue cheese saladthe parking situation on Jackson promises a hasslebut you can always park in back there are little wagons back there Syosset was in deep need of a real grocery right in town and here it isI hope they stick around for a long time
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,1/19/2014,382,325,3,9,7>So happy these guys were able to reopen after the storm.  They are so nice here, and just walking in reminds of how GOOD real Italian food smells and looks...Doughs the name of the game here, come in for some delicious brick oven pizza....smells so good! Little Italian pastries line the counter in the front, and fresh meats and cheeses, marinades, sauces, everything line the deli counter.  BYOB, grab a nice chianti, grab some friends, and sit out on the patio pretending you're in Italy
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,1/18/2014,104,200,4,11,8>Cold winter night and we wanted to stay local so off to the Bayou.Outside Bayou is an unassuming bar, step inside and you've walked into a local New Orleans pub.  The atmosphere is festive, the staff are friendly and food is tasty. A nice wedge salad for me, cup of gumbo for my friend. I have had their gumbo before and although a bit spicy for me (can't handle spicy these days as my stomach won't cooperate) it delicious. For my main I had a mildly spiced stuffed catfish. The catfish was pan seared and stuffed with a seafood stuffing (some shrimp in there). This was served over grits with their delicious étouffée gravy.Dessert was a extremely sweet piece of caramel pie with an Oreo crust, yum!Beads accompany the check and btw, cash or Amex only.I loved that the hostess/ owner came over and thanked for coming out on such a cold night.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,1/17/2014,218,111,4,9,9>Came here Friday night at around 7pm. The place was packed, was very glad I had called to make a reservation.  I started off with the caesar salad which was excellent. It was perfectly dressed and had a nice amount of cheese mixed in.  For the entree I had the hangar steak which was to be cooked medium.  It came out just the way I asked. They had a horseradish sauce on the side to dip it in which was great.  The creamed spinach was also spectacular. I came here with my wife and another couple and I can say everyone throughly enjoyed their meal. I also noticed they have great specials on Wednesday & Thursdays, I think it was $5 burgers on thurs and $5 fried chicken on Wedenesday. I gotta get in to try those.Oh, one other thing, if you like good beer they have some really nice craft beer selections here.I will be back
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,1/16/2014,95,270,3,4,5>Otto the ghost! I have been celebrating fall at Hicks Nurseries every year since I was a child. I carried on the tradition with my own children and this year I was fortunate to have my my 26 year old daughter join me after many years apart.  It just never gets old!  When she was at college I would come here by myself and buy her a tiny Otto the Ghost doll just to remind her of home and how much I loved her. The magic is still here! It's a huge nursery that sells everything under the sun. The displays are awesome. Halloween, Christmas and fall, all under one roof! I am such a fan!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,1/15/2014,62,89,3,7,3>I like Oaxaca and recommend it if you're in the area.Restaurant:Part of the restaurant is dedicated to take out and the rest is for sit down lunch/dinner. The restaurant and dining area are clean with appeasing tiled floors and nice Mexican themed items/designs throughout. Service: Our waiter was personable and attentive. I like how they gave us free appetizers and dessert which is always a nice surprise. They also give you your standard basket of tortillas and salsa before your meal begins.Food:Awesome, delicious and fresh ingredients. It is also good on your wallet because it is comparatively inexpensive. My girlfriend and I ordered the Mole Oaxaca (for $15.95) which consisted of broiled chicken breast covered in homemade mole sauce. It is served with Mexican rice and a side of soft corn tortillas. I liked this entree a lot as everything was well done and scrumptious. The second entree was the Chicken Quesadillas (for $10.95) and I had no complaints. It was a good serving size and tasted very good.Come here if you're in the area and you won't regret it. I'd say to come for lunch rather than for dinner unless you're in a very casual mood.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,1/14/2014,22,7,6,9,7>Love, love, LOVE this place. Don't let the surrounding area and outside front fool you, this is authentic Mexican food and you can tell once you eat it. I've tried plenty of things from the menu but I have to say the tacos (chicken, fish, steak, or tongue.. yes, tongue) are all delicious. They're fresh and hot, made right when you order them. The shrimp burrito was litereally the size of my forearm..and in this case, size matters. I didn't want this thing to end! It's packed with full peices of shrimp, fresh avocado, salsa, cheese, ugh...I'm hungry just thinking about it. Oh, and their salsa is amazing.. full of cilantro flavor, chunks of tomato and onion...I might have to stop there after work.I haven't ordered anything here I wasn't 110% satisfied with. You can dine in or take out, but the dining room is small and has a tendency to fill up around dinner time on certain days. The food is ready quick, it's cheap, and it's real Mexican cuisine. A+ in my book.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,1/13/2014,30,26,4,8,4>Fairway has just about anything you could need on a holiday even when other stores are out. Have to get their bagels they are the best around. And go to their coffee section. There are beans from all over the world in barrels. My favorite is the Costa Rican or Guatemalan if you like a smooth mellow coffee. The decaf it naturally decafinated with water. Get the Guatemalan decaf and you won't know you are drinking decaf.  Also the Fairway to Heaven blend is very good. They also have strong dark roasts but I don't get them. For people that like dark roasts they love them.A nice organic section of produce and also a gluten free section of foods.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,1/12/2014,1,24,1,3,2>This is probably my favorite diner around here. Every time I want some good food, but don't want to get specific, I head to the Thomas diner. For any meal, it's great. I've hit up all the other diners in the area including the Carle Place, Old Westbury, Landmark, Majestic, and Greenvale diners and have found this to just be the best. Its a nice little place with a very classic diner look and feel. The staff is always nice and has come to know me. Everything is always quick. The food is great. The burgers and sandwiches are all great tasting and large. The Breakfast is also fantastic and probably their strongest point. Over easy eggs always turn out perfect.  Highly recommended
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,1/11/2014,35,124,4,7,4>Everything about the tasting menu is amazing, but before I get to the food, I have to tell you from asking about the menu, to making the reservation, the meal and service, Maronis customer service is fantastic. It started when I called to see if the tasting menu would be suitable for a vegetarian, they assured me they do whatever they can to accommodate everyone, and boy did they. Linda was terrific. We got to dinner and everyone was warm and welcoming, Donna our server was excellent. We all enjoyed everything and there was something for all of us. We all had whatever wine we wanted and they kept the glasses filled. We started with lobster bisque, so rich and creamy, just outstanding. Seafood followed, million dollar chips, truffle ravioli, yummy!!! shrimp scampi, homemade potato chips & tuna tartare, lobster & mash potato, grouper & slaw, that was really good too. OMG the sliders & tater tots, amazing!!! eggplant, of course spaghetti & those famous meatballs, chicken milanese, there were other things that I forgot, only because there is soooo much food. Espresso and desserts, chipwhich, dove bar, fantastic creme brulee and chocolate mousse. It was really a great experience. It really struck me that when you go there for a meal its really important to everyone there that you really enjoy your visit with them they do whatever they can to ensure that, totally worth every penny.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,1/10/2014,35,234,2,9,2>Rarely have my eyes lit up the way they did the first time I tasted banh mi...that first trip to saigon vietnamese sandwich shop was a flavor experience i'll never forget...sadly, living out on long island has made it nearly impossible to have banh mi become a staple of my culinary rotation...enter the rolling spring roll shop, when I first saw it listed here on yelp I had to do a double take - vietnamese on long island? in farmingdale? too good to be true it seemed, but a drive down main street proved that it was a reality...naturally, i had to stop in for a banh mi - and while it wasn't bad, it was missing some of the flavor i've come to expect, everything on it was great but it had no pate, a main staple of the traditional sandwich, and this left me feeling extremely cheated...what i found on there was quite good, the vegetables were super fresh & the cold cuts really tasty, but that missing pate would have really tied it together for me...on the plus side the spring rolls i also ordered were simply divine, and the staff were incredibly friendly, hence my 4* rating which should probably be more like 3.5 but i chose to round up since they were so nice...i will definitely give them another shot, perhaps to sample the pho i see people raving about on here, and definitely in the hopes of solving the case of the missing pate...will update
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,1/9/2014,52,302,2,6,3>Normally I would not really like a place like this. The previous Eldorado restaurant I have never been in due to how much I dislike that chain. This place was a pleasant surprise though.$5 Long island iced teas- Sure it is made with the worst of well liquors possible but it is strong and huge for $5.  So if you are looking to get bang for the buck, this is it.For those that want to enjoy their drinks there are 52 beers on tap!  Now normally this results in a lot of poor choices but I have to say they put on a lot of very interesting beers.  Lots.  While Croxleys has 80 beers with 45 of them being some sort of IPA, they have many seasonal choices, and non perfume tasting beers.  All the beers are 6-7 dollars with the higher ABV ones being a 12 oz pour.   Tech tip: Get the 3 beer 7oz flight for $7 as you can then have 3 different beers even high ABV and get 21 oz.The food was typical casual sit down horrendously unhealthy food but it was well executed.  That said you can't rate the food here as if you are comparing it with Per Se or something, it is solid in comparison to its peers (Chillis, Fridays, Applebees)They also have NFL Sunday ticket.  And despite Sunday ticket costing bar owners a fortune it seems they all mess it up with the audio or not showing all the games (or worse putting the some TVs on the SD feed so you see the future!)  This place did it 100% well having every game in the NFL well positioned on TVs throughout the placeThe negative aspects of this place are the floors being covered with grease.  The whole place is covered with cheap Pergo flooring and there is a sheen of grease covering the whole place.  One time I went there when it was raining and going down the ramp from the bathrooms might as well have been on ice.  They really need to take a floor cleaning machine and do the whole place nightly.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,1/8/2014,234,238,2,6,3>Well, well folks. How many places do you know of that you can get tipsy or a good buzz for about $20. The drink special and more drink special here can help you achieve your buzz. Some of you folks may get drunk like me if I did drink my $20 worth. I had a $2 whiskey sour or two. If I had about 10x I think I would not wake up the next day or just stay home. The food is just like your old fashion chain food restaurant. I think we all know why we come to establishments like this one. For the drinks and people and not entirely the food. Some may come for both which is still a A+ place. Will I be back, HECK YES!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,1/7/2014,83,85,2,12,3>Training with Tristan can change your life -- or at least change your outlook of it. Extremely knowledgeable, having devoted years to getting properly certified and educated about fitness techniques that can be dangerous with improper instruction (I've seen horrible things done with kettlebells in boot camps I won't name with nary a blink of an eye by the trainer), you walk away from every class learning something new, not just about the techniques in class but about how your body works. Also, with how much he customizes every class to every person in it and the fact that he limits his class sizes, this is essentially the CHEAPEST personal training you'll ever get (lol).The draw is that Primal Strength is the only studio of its kind on Long Island, incorporating primal move to help people move more naturally, which is cool for those recovering from injuries or have chronic pain and whatnot. However, his other programs have a fiercely loyal and devoted following. Personally, I've been dying for him to open his own studio ever since he left Green Cloud as the head kickboxing instructor, and I'm LOVING this new place.His kickboxing classes are high energy, and like all of his classes, he emphasizes form over reps, making you work harder by working right. It's amazing that no matter how many people are in the class, his eyes are everywhere, and everyone gets personal instruction and attention at several points during the class. No one is allowed to get sloppy and go half-assed if he has anything to say about it, which leads to a more inspiring class with a great vibe. His equipment is top-notch, and I love being able to hit big, full-sized bags to great hard rock playlists that motivate you to go harder -- no cheesy, radio-edit, big-box gym "dance mixes" here!Honestly, I didn't expect to love the kettlebell classes, but after only a few, I'm obsessed. His highly detailed, personalized and individualized teaching style make you really work, with minor adjustments here and there intensifying every workout. Again, it's all about form with Tristan, and he makes sure everyone gets it right, which is kickass for me since with my heart rate monitor, I've found I can burn more calories and work harder doing less reps with his minutely detailed feedback!Just as important as the actual class offerings is the fact that Tristan makes a point to not only get to know everyone's names, but also to remember all of their known injuries, providing modifications and special exercises from his diverse background to fix specific problems. He can even pinpoint with a glance injuries and joint compensations people like me have gotten so used to that we don't even notice, which is crazy impressive in action.Also, his classes are (dare I say?) FUN above all else. It's just straight up FUN to be there, working hard and sweating buckets. I know it sounds nuts, but he's just so enthusiastic and passionate about what he does, so eager to share what he knows, and so into helping his students achieve a better physical quality of life and reach their goals that you can't help but be pulled into his vortex of enthusiasm. His teaching style is engaging, hilarious and, for lack of a better word, even a bit mischievous; his persona is charismatic and motivating to the point that you truly want to do better because he believes so hard that you can. Like, seriously - I get EXCITED about getting to his classes after 9-10 hours at work because I always leave more energized and ready to take on the world, no matter how exhausted I was when I walked in.Needless to say, I'm obsessed. I lost so much weight kickboxing with him, and his long talks with me about proper nutrition, fitness and etc. have literally completely changed the way I live my life. So, so glad to see this place open up and looking forward to being a lifelong member. LOVE.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,1/6/2014,54,126,2,4,5>What a beautiful store! Neat, clean, well displayed. It's a lot like Whole Foods or Fairway which, by the name I would never have guessed. Obviously, it's not where you do your entire grocery shopping (unless you can afford it of course) but they have everything. They boast a beautiful produce section, the bakery is to die for with gorgeous Italian pastries, and beautifully decorated cakes and cookies,... a giant family size black and white cookie!?? Hello!  Beautiful deli, fresh cheeses, olives, fresh pastas and raviolis. Seafood is there, for those who eat it, it looks fresh and is displayed nicely (although, I only can think poor fish but at least they're displayed pretty?!). The chickpea and feta salad I bought was delicious I ate it all quickly, but gracefully. They also have a decent selection of organic and natural foods. Just wish they had soy yogurt, oh well can't have it all. I will be going back, truly a lovely store!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/5/2014,341,504,3,10,6>Let me start by saying that I am a true food snob. It is rare that a restaurant "wows me" I can now welcome the Vinoco into that small group of elite establishments.The wife and I came here for her birthday as she had a Groupon and heard from several of her friends at this place was the real deal.We started with the ceviche combination. A mixture of the ceviche classic and the ceviche cocktail. Tender and fresh pieces of fish, shrimp, calamari, and squid marinated in a delicious acidic base with mangoes and tomatoes and onions. A truly playful starter to warm up the taste buds.We were then presented with the paella croquettes.  Unlike any other croquettes I have had, these were light and airy and full of rich and delicious seafood flavor with chunks of fresh shrimp.Next were the empanadas. We ordered the jerk chicken, artichoke Parmesan, chorizo, and the duck. All of which come with a delicious remoulade drizzled over them. The crust was light and flaky, not oily at all. The ingredients for the feelings were rich and delicious and fresh. These were by far some of the best empanadas I have had.Next we were onto the meat skewers, we decided for the combination platter. Delightful and slightly larger than bite-size pieces of marinated skirt steak, shrimp encrusted with Phyllo and chicken Asada.Each comes with their own personalized dipping sauce. A light curry sauce for the chicken, a delicious potato sauce for the steak which could certainly have been eaten as a side dish itself it was so tasty.Then we feasted on the grilled octopus and cannellini beans which was presented in a springform casserole. Rich and full of flavor, the octopus was grilled to perfection so succulent it was pleasant to the teeth. The cannellini beans were perfectly cooked soft and Reminiscent of the flavors of the ingredients that they were cooked with.All of these delicious items were accompanied by several glasses of their house made sangria. I opted for the blue corn red and then the white peach followed by the watermelon. Each one was a perfect accompaniment any item on the menu. Not too sweet not to dry and served In a larger-than-life cup.This restaurant is certainly not to be missed. Whether you live in the area or looking for a neighborhood gem, Vinoco is worth a trip from wherever you are coming from. Well done. Bravo. We will be back!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,1/3/2014,181,320,5,3,3>Well, I think saying i'm a fan is a bit strong. It's more like i'm a fan of the times that I've had there. But in any case, this place is a dive. It's exactly what you would think of when you think ghetto bar in the 'burbs. BUT, the bartenders are always super friendly, and surprisingly trustworthy. I gave the bartender my card, asked him to only give me $50 worth of booze for the night, and I had all I wanted, bought my friends plenty of drinks, and then still had enough to give him a $15 tip.Now, I advise young good looking women to NOT go alone. I'm sure it's fine, I'm sure nothing will happen, but if you want to be oggled in not a particularly pleasant way then, go alone. But, if you're in a group, it's perfect. 30 of your nearest and dearest friends, and it turns into the best place to be in in Commack/E.Npt for miles around! Cheap drinks....i've never eaten there, but apparently it's pretty good. Plenty of parking......KARAOKE night is on Friday! It's a new thing, and again, the place is usually empty so you'll have to bring your own possie, but it's worth it!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/2/2014,371,182,5,8,6>Lombaro's Saved My Sole, and they can save yours too!My daughter had a pair of bowling shoes she received as a gift from her grandmother. Beautiful new shows that hadn't seen the light of day in years. Naturally the first time bowling with them the soles peel right off the bottom. The glue that held the soles together dried up and cracked. Oh no! We have used Lombardo's a few times in the past. Everytime we've been pleasantly pleased by their work. The bowling shoes were returned to us within three days. The cost $30. We appreciated the attention to detail. The shoes were clean and the sides of the soles were touched up with white paint. The shoes looked brand new. It was an excellent investment in my eyes.I trust Lombardo's to always do top notch work.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,1/1/2014,388,116,1,7,3>Stopped at the NEW main Event in Farmingdale today. I've been to the Plainview location (which is always packed) so I figured we'd give this a try although Kodiak's which used to be in its place left a bad taste in my mouth. Glad we did! For lunch, a coworker and I had a House salad with grilled chicken and a Santa Fe wrap with fries. My salad was good. 4 nice big pieces of freshly grilled chicken. His fries were perfectly hot. I did not try the wrap but he said it was good. Service was QUICK which is exactly what you need for a lunch around a corporate area. We'll be back! ESP to try it out for Happy Hour!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,12/31/2013,158,144,2,7,3>New favorite tex mex spot! This place is cute, the decor with the menu on chalkboards, a shelf full of different hot sauces and nice tile work. It is similar to Baja, but I think the menu selection, long list of tequila and the many choices of craft beer on tap, make Del Fuego reign supreme. I had the BBQ pulled pork fried wontons and the beef brisket burrito in a tortilla bowl. Seriously they were both AMAZING. The wontons were perfectly fried and the pulled pork on the inside was beautifully seasoned, with a drizzle of BBQ sauce over them. The brisket was killer, as good as brisket I have had in NYC that was slow cooked for hours! Plus for me as a craft beer lover, there were at least 9 beer on tap which is amazing for a restaurant this size. The service was excellent as well. Our waiter was well informed, funny and knew his beer. Also they have a whole menu of tequilla- YES! I will definitely be back again and again! If you are in the St. James area check it out!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,12/30/2013,48,137,2,8,3>Grand Opening, November 13, 2013! This The Fresh Market location serves to impress just as much as the other locations I've enjoyed throughout the year. The store is ample in size and and stocked with the same high quality products that we've all come to expect.On my first trip to this location I was quite impressed with the level of organization and professionalism by the staff. I couldn't mange to pass a single associate without being a greeted and receiving a smile. The produce looked amazing, the butcher was stocked with an incredible variety of meats and the cheese shop was brimming with an international variety that's sure to impress. I'm already looking forward to visiting The Fresh Market again.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,12/29/2013,63,314,2,3,3>This place is a mixed bag.  The bar, beer choice, pours, etc are fantastic.  The food, it depends what you get.  Then, there is also trivia night.  All rolled up, it comes across as a pretty damn cool place to be.I've been here a few times, and ordered the wings (too much sauce) even though the chicken is cooked really well.  It comes with ranch, not bleu cheese, so ask for bleu if it matters to you, it does to me.  The shrimp lo-boy is pretty tasty and the 'steak fries' are basically just a potato cut into 5 fries, haha.  They're good though.  People rave about the burnt sprout leaves, I don't get it nor think it's good.  The mac n' cheese is decent.  Their tuna tacos are just mediocre as well.  Their calamari is pretty good, although last time I  was there, it was left in the fryer a minute too long, but the other 2 times i've had it, it was good.  As you can see, i've obviously been here more than once, and will continue to come back.  I'm learning to not order certain things, and reorder (or make friends order) other things so I can taste them again and again.  Trivia night on tuesday is awesome too, and ran really well. The place has a great feel and vibe to it, which is what brings me, and my friends back.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,12/28/2013,159,531,3,4,3>Came here with hubby! Unfortunately we were eating under sad circumstances (we had a memorial service to attend nearby). The restaurant is nice inside, it's very clean and sort of modern looking. It didn't transport me to Italy like other Italian places I've gone into but it was still very nyce!I had the eggplant parm, he had his usual chicken parm. I got the side salad with my eggplant parm to circumvent some of my fat assishness, he got the side pasta with his chicken parm. We were also served bread and each of us ordered a cappuccino. The eggplant parm was very good! Lots of cheese (which I love), not as saucy as I'd like but still saucy enough. The eggplant was tasty, seasoning was just right not too much, not too little, classic Italian way to season dishes. The salad was good, veggies were fresh, they didn't serve a wilted salad which was quite awesome! The bread was pretty yummy as well. The cappuccino was zippy. They gave it the rock candy sugar touch (which I've been seeing a lot of and I definitely approve) and accompanied it with two mini biscottis, very nyce and very tasty!Phil's is worth at least one trip! My leftovers tasted even better as I ate them for breakfast the next morning and Shawn looked at me quite funny while I was chomping away before driving to work.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,12/27/2013,301,223,4,6,3>On a rainy summer weekday morning, three sleep-deprived friends stumbled up the short steps only to find salvation. We were starving, having worked all night without much needed food and water. In some ways we were shipwrecked at work, and were greeted by a warm welcome home. Having braved nature's elements (it was quite the downpour that morning), this place was a great life-saver. We sat down immediately at 8am and within seconds it seemed, fresh, piping hot coffee and a hometown friendliness (seemingly restricted to the south) came our way. We knew we chose the right place when the coffee came with fresh corn bread and chunky fruity jam.  The food was yum. All of it. There was a moment were no one was speaking-- whether it was because we had been simultaenously stuffing our faces or that were were momentarily transported to food heaven and no words were necessary. Here's what we had:Lobster Benedict with grilled asparagus:Eggs cooked perfectly, asparagus was crisp, lobster was yummy and not rubbery. Great choice. I had wanted the crab cakes benedict but opted for lobster. I will be back for crab cakes!Sweet Italian sausage, roasted pepper and mozz omelet:This omelet may have been on the table for less than a minute before it disappeared in our bellies. It was that good. Strawberry pancakes:A delicious and perfectly made pancake. It appeared to just have strawberries on top but we were pleasantly surprised by the strawberries cooked within the batter. They were hidden gems in this treasure of a pancake. Great friendly wait staff and lots of jolly regulars. Everyone was talking to eachother in this cute restaurant early morning. Overall, this is a great hole in the wall for breakfast!!   Tips: CASH ONLY but it does have an ATM. Also, don't forget to pay the meter out front.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,12/26/2013,34,126,2,11,2>5 stars all the way!!Wanna impress your girl/significant other/parents with some fancy meal without having to fork over mega bucks??? -- Enter in The Lake House, in beautiful Bay Shore, on a small little lake, perfect for a great view of the changing leaves this time of year, and a perfect escape without the hours drive out east. I think we got the perfect reservation if you ask me, 45 minutes before sunset on an autumn Saturday evening... most of our entire meal we sat watching the lake, the leaves, the scenery and just forgetting all worries. By the time dessert was served, it was dark outside, but the firepit was roaring and guests were enjoying both pre & post dinner cocktails. I can not think of a single bad thing at all... Service was spot-on, and a special mention to Gus, who I must say knew exactly when my wine glass needed refilling, and for that matter any of his tables needed ANYTHING!! Kudos!! Food... OMFG... Where do I begin??Thanks for that little starter of Amuse Bouche.. I knew right then I was in for a palate loving night!! Then came the 1/2 dozen local oysters which of course were cleaned to just slide right into your mouth,  and served chilled with both a cocktail sauce and a minonette.  We also got the cheese plate since the wine we had was perfect, and the scenery set the scene and reminded us of just too many times out east on the north fork. It was at this point where I said, WOW, this would be a great spot to propose, this to my husband of 10 years!! HA HA, anyway, it is that kind of place! Entrees where just as to-die-for as the view, as my rib-eye was the perfect medium-rare, and hubs had the skate filet... He said, and I quote, "as a fisherman, I will never throw a skate back if I can make it this delicious!!" The lovely evening topper was dessert, a decedent chocolate souffle with coffee and cordials... I would almost say it would have been better if there were more seats outside to enjoy the firepit, but the quaint-ness of the spot makes it soooo special that it needs NOTHING to improve on!! Such a gem on the south shore... diamond in the rough...  I was there an hour ago and would go back again tomorrow...
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/25/2013,72,100,4,6,3>When I first heard of this place and expressed interest in it to those of my family and friends who have been there before, they looked at me with a funny expression and complained, "the food tastes too bland and healthy."Well, the first time I went here, I had to go TWICE in one week.  The flatbread pizza was so fantastic I was craving it for a week after I tasted it.  Furthermore, I kept gorging myself on food both times to the point that I honestly couldn't put another bite in my mouth.  I actually wonder if I've completely defeated the purpose of each item being under 475 calories given the amount I devoured in both seatings.  I went for lunch during the week and on the weekend, with no wait times, friendly staff, and just an overall wonderful dining experience.  I wouldn't want to wait for a dinner seating because the line is just ridiculous!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,12/24/2013,1,154,6,5,4>Calda is our family's go-to place when it comes to pizza or casual Italian food. They have a large selection of slices, all of them are fantastic. My favorites are buffalo chicken or BBQ chicken. Their entrees are also delicious. My favorite dish is chicken balsamico. Their alla vodka sauce is also amazing. If you're not feeling like Italian they have good gyros and burgers. If you like salads their creamy balsamic dressing is very good. They have plenty of seats for table service and a section for self seating.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,12/23/2013,383,272,4,8,5>Early Girl farm is an organic farm stand, in conjunction with Red Bell Public gourmet food stand.  I arrived too late to hit up the farm stand, but I gratefully got to shop the Red Bell public store. Win!! Gourmet cheeses, farm fresh eggs, uncured Vermont bacon, fresh bread and assorted baked goods as well as shelves full of gourmet condiments.   Oh and Joe & Liza's Ice Cream priced lower ($6 per pint) than anywhere else you'll find it.  Check it out!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,12/22/2013,698,2009,2,9,7>Petting zoo and other stuff.My girlfriend, being from this area, wanted to show me the local petting zoo and we popped into the Holtsville wildlife center- it was great!There is apparently a lot going on in this place- they have a pool, a small zoo area with a petting area and small botanical gardens.We came for the zoo part and after running the gauntlet of starving and insatiable goats (that you can purchase some food pellets for and feed) we met the alpacas and bunnies.  A few foxes later we came upon the Bobcat (very cool).We entered the bird area and saw some red tailed Hawks but the show stopper, at least for me, were the two bald eagles.  Holy cow, talk about a magnificent bird!  They are huge creatures and very regal sitting up on their towering perch area...  I spent a ridiculous amount of time just checking them out.We wandered the rest of the place:  owls, bears, horses, cows, and you name it were in there - it is bigger than it appears from the parking lot.After the animal section, we poked around the smallish hothouse and gardens and spend a few minutes inside the ecology center proper.Great way to spend the afternoon with the kiddies and guess what?  Totally free!  Of course, donation boxes are scattered around and donations would be greatly appreciated- so pitch in if you can!Parking in front.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,12/21/2013,196,94,4,8,4>Wow, what a really nice place this is. I only wish it were located closer to my home. Came here for an Oktoberfest dinner and was pleasantly surprised. A little bit of old German school charm mixed with a modern flare.  A very classy place indeed. I've added a few pics to try and illustrate what I'm talking about. They serve all the solid German beers on tap and in bottles. All of the German classic fare can be found here of course too and well executed. We had nothing negative to say about the quality of the food what so ever. Delicious! Staff was friendly and courteous - couldn't have been more pleased with the service. There can never be too many German restaurants IMO, so I 'm glad that Prost is here! Seriously can't wait to return here to get my sauerbraten on!Highly recommend checking out!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/20/2013,140,197,4,8,7>Having been to several events at Cotillion, i knew this was an option for a party i wanted to host last week. After inquiring several out of this world rates from a few venues that were quite astronomical for a simple event I was planning, I thought I'd try my luck with Cotillion. From the first phone call, the respect and importance of customer service was out of this world.  Hence, the same day I opted to go in person to see if we could make the event happen there.  Upon arrival, I was greeted by the manager, Manoj. Now, I have hosted many parties and events across the Island, but I have to make it clear, by far this has been the best and easiest planning I've done in the past 6 years at least.  With the number of people i had, we were told we'd be getting the hall downstairs as not enough guests were met for the bigger hall on the main floor.   That was fine as both halls are elegant, spacious, as well as seem to give a good atmosphere. As we discussed the pricing options with Manoj, he asked what our budget was and how best he could accommodate us.  In the past, I've had people change prices on me during the event, not serve food that was agreed upon, or simply the quality of food/venue preps have been less than pleasant.  This is what sets Cotillion apart from most places on LI, their respect and giving importance to the customer. The prices were not only reasonable, but very fair and offered over 14 food items throughout the event.  On top of that, we were told that if the bigger hall is available on the day of the event, as a courtesy our event would be shifted upstairs on the main floor, which it was.From the time we put the deposit down to the day of the venue, the manager touched base to make sure everything would be perfect and if any changes or ideas we needed to address.  This showed their level of integrity and willingness to make our event of about 100+ people as close to perfection as possible.  Even, lighting and a beautiful stage with sofas was provided at no charge. How many times is it that at an event of 100+ people, every single person loved every single food option and went for seconds and thirds without any hesitation.  All of the food items from the appetizers to dessert, each item was freshly prepared and tasted extraordinary.  The menu was as follows:Appetizers: Pani Poori, Cauliflower Salt & Pepper, Tawa chicken seekh kabob & Tikka, Veg Samosa, Chili Chicken Dry.Entrees: Chicken Shahi Korma, Chili Fried Lamb, Paneer Makhni, Bhindi Masala, Chana Masala, Naan Assortment, Green Pea PillaoSalad/Dessert: Mango Salad, Macaroni Salad, Chocolate Ice Cream, Malai Kulfi, Gulab JamanDrinks: Sodas, Mango LassiAs you can see, this menu was not a simple menu.  Each item was not only delicious but the combination of Asian Fusion and Desi, totally was loved by guests.  I have to make one point here, the Pani Puri here has got to be one of the best I've ever had outside of South Asia. Their tamarind water was out of this world and without it, the pani puri can be a deal breaker. Overall, the food was great, the service was top notch and the venue was beautifully prepped on time and each staff member went above and beyond to make sure the event was a hit. I for one will definitely be back for future events, as well as recommend this gem to anyone looking to have a party or occasion on the island.   My sincerest thanks and gratitude to Manoj and the entire staff here for not only living up to the words as promised, but for the respect and care shown for all those that came.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/19/2013,11,41,3,12,6>So my family and I are rolling into Maureen's Kitchen and the wait is going to be an hour. My wife hates waiting on hold for a minute when I'm at work. No way is she waiting an hour for breakfast. Another woman who is waiting says "Why don't you go try Javier's Cafe? He used to work here and I hear it's great." So we bundle back into the car and go in search of Javier's. It turns out it's five minutes away.Javier's is much smaller than Maureen's, and it's also very crowded. But it's crowded for a good reason: awesome food and lots of it! We waited about 10 minutes for a table, and as we waited we watched 10 people finish and leave an almost every one of them had a Styrofoam container in their hand with food they were unable to finish but wanted to take home. When have you ever seen that from a breakfast place?!?My wife had the Eggs Benedict. It was a classic version, but the Canadian bacon was thick cut and substantial, the English muffin was nice and crisp and held up to the hollandaise sauce, the sauce was piquant and lemony, and the poached egg was absolutely perfect. My son had a custom sausage and smoked mozzarella omelet, and when it came to the table I thought perhaps Moby Dick had landed. My 13-year old son was in love with this behemoth, and informed me that this was the first omelet he had ever eaten. Who knew?I had the 2X2X2X2 Special. Two eggs (over medium) two pieces of bacon, two sausage Logs (links just doesn't do it justice) and two pancakes. The pancakes are every bit up to Maureen's standard. The eggs were perfect and the bacon fine. The sausage was just tremendously flavorful.The only downside i could see was the homefries. While they were tasty, the rough chop left too many large pieces that were cooked indifferently. A finer chop would give them more crisp and ensure that they were cooked all the way through.All in all, it was a five star breakfast. My wife is, hmmm, how shall I say, hard to please. We got in the car after the meal and she immediately dialed the address of Javier's into the GPS so she could find it on her own. THAT'S how much she loved it.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,12/18/2013,169,309,14,15,10>Finding a restaurant on long island that not only has 150+ reviews with so many 5 stars is exceedingly rare. Almost as rare as a 5 star review from me.......No need for a long drawn out review here. This place is amazing. Yes, it's TINY.Yes, you WILL wait forever.Yes, the parking sucks.Yes, the menu is huge.Yes, the food is worth the wait.Yes, the owners and staff are hilarious and friendly, just talk to them! When you're waiting eons to get in here they'll gladly let you order a beer and chill. Might as well, you're not doing much else!Don't come here!! Please leave it for the rest of us :D
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/17/2013,280,325,6,9,5>Mall Sushi.It defies logic. It sounds terrifying but it is actually brilliant. Sushi.com offers an extensive selection of sushi rolls, cooked Japanese dishes, and bubble tea, all of which are dirt cheap to moderately priced. There's always a constant stream of people in front of the counter but the servers, very much like a fine tuned machine, swiftly makes the sushi on the spot. There's never a crazy long line and everyone leaves with a freshly constructed roll.We had the Spicy Tuna Roll and the Spicy Salmon Roll for $8.63. These basic rolls were very fresh, very delicious, and made with high quality ingredients. The tuna and salmon were actually thick meaty slices of fish. There were big thick avocado and good quality rice. The spicy mayo was actually spicy and creamy and they gave us enough wasabi and ginger. Their simple roll was executed so nicely it puts restaurant sushi to shame.We will be regular customers to this food court mecca.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,12/16/2013,5000,690,9,17,15>I'm going to regret this...  Gosman's Topside Inlet has the best waterviews in Montauk. Also the best Pina Colada's.  Enough said.  Food? oh yeah.. fresh seafood, salads, soup, etc.. It's part of Gosman's. There are FOUR various Gosman's. The restaurant, the outdoor good for kids clam bar, the more casual Inlet Cafe next to the clam bar, and above it, the Topside, Topside has an oudoor bar, and restaurant table service with waterviews everywhere.. adults only.If the weather is nice.. and you are anywhere else, your missing the point. Well  Lol no pun intended. this is the harbor. Ok there is a cafe by the actual Point but its like a beach concession, so dont do that. This is good. Like sit here 3 hours drinking overlooking the inlet and harbor, I'm not going back to the mainland ever good. I never critique other Yelper's views, but might I say, Kate.. come back, look around, and have a drink. If you must eat, steamed lobster, broiled fish, awesome new england clam chowder, super delicious calamari, and nicely done baked clams are good choices. Joe L is right.... steamers too. Tip: Stick to seafood when out here. They also have other untested items such as seafood cobb salad and wild mushroom pasta. Tempting also.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,12/15/2013,90,109,16,18,15>I can't help but laugh at some of these negative reviews...This place is the best concert venue in Long Island.   For those complaining about ticket prices, the venue is a great intimate setting to see some pretty famous acts.  I can't think of another place that you can stand at a bar 50 feet from the stage and watch top notch performers.  Most concerts here are general admission, allowing you to practically walk up to the stage if you choose, and yet the venue is small enough where if you're stuck towards the back you can still see the stage fine.  There is no such thing as obstructed view seating here.  For those complaining about drink prices,  you sound like a bunch of whiny bitches. It's a concert venue, not a bar.  Expect an upcharge. Drink prices are comparable to other places, and at least here you can get a buyback. Have you bought a beer in that shit hole better known as Nassau Coliseum lately? More expensive, and the place is a dump.  AND they charge you $20+ to park your car...Free parking in Huntington at night.   I think it's great that they brought this place to the heart of Huntington.  It creates revenue for neighboring restaurants and bars, and brings new life to the area.  And to the asshole that listed "obnoxious Long Island crowd" as one of the negatives for THE VENUE, go fuck yourself.  I hate yelpers who pull that shit.  The place has no control over the personalities of the people who buy tickets, and if you're implying that the entire Island is obnoxious, you just sound ignorant.Props to The Paramount!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,12/14/2013,59,184,8,8,7>We came here for very late dinner one night and again last night. The first was a very quiet and relaxing experience. The second time, we came on a Thursday (more on that later). Their regular menu steaks are good, but not as good as Blackstone in my opinion. APPETIZERS:The Kobe Beef sliders are fantastic. I would recommend these if you're looking for something substantial to eat alongside sushi. Thick Cut Bacon - Ridiculously good! They don't do it as good as Ben & Jack's but it's pretty damn good. I just wish they didn't put onions in the salad that goes with it. Totally overwhelms your palate. I can't remember the specific name of the cheese that is also with this, but it's excellent and fresh.Last night we had a Kobe Beef Carpaccio appetizer that was a special. It was one of the best carpaccios I've ever had by far. Of course, it's going to hurt anyone's brain to pay $45 for two thin slices of meat...but again, quality of ingredients, ambiance and service are what you're paying for here.STEAKS:Last night we indulged and both ordered the Wagyu ribeye steaks on special. This is seriously the best steak I've ever had. So soft I could cut it with the side of my fork! My only regret is that I ordered it medium rare instead of rare. Seriously, an exceptional piece of meat. ($95/plate)The first time we came, we had the porterhouse for 2. Nothing to write home about.SIDES:The first visit, we had the hashbrowns which were kind of eh...in my opinionBoth visits we've enjoyed the black truffle mac and cheese. Seriously delicious! I absolutely love black truffles, though. DESSERTS:Last night, we were given a complimentary plate of berries. I thought it was a nice touch. Both of us were way too full to order a dessert, but you always want something sweet after devouring a ridiculous amount of savory foods!OVERALLWe've been here twice now and had very different experiences both times ambiance-wise...The constants between our two visits were that both the food and the service were excellent. I never understand why people think that they should expect a $4 california roll in a place like this. If you want imitation crab and self-serve soda in a styrofoam cup, then why are you here??? My first tip would be to stay away on Thursday night unless you're a desperate 40-something in your most obviously expensive outfit looking to get a tad too tipsy, dance ridiculously to Robin Thicke and get hit on by some strange man with a weird earring and a pastel paisley shirt on. We went to valet our car and it took 10 minutes just to get our car whisked away. When we walked in, the music was blaring and it seriously looked like the Jersey Shore reunion 15-20 years later. I almost wanted to run. Luckily, they seated us far away from the zoo in the front and I actually liked the DJ playing in the background. We didn't have to worry about being too loud with our conversation and it kept us in a lively mood.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,12/13/2013,73,122,6,11,4>I LOVE SUSHI...my wife does not, what does the sushi lover do?  Go to Sushi Tine 560.  Understand, I do not consider myself a Sushi "aficionado," I just enjoy it.  You can't beat the deal here, all you can eat sushi, sashimi, tempura, amongst a myriad of soups and appetizers. The place was about 3/4 full and we were immediately seated.  An extremely pleasant young lady came to our table and explained how the system works...you check off the items on one of two paper menus (one for kitchen (cooked food) and one for sushi/sashimi/rolls,) and they bring it to your table.  The staff works as ONE TEAM so the service was speedy with very nice servers.  NOTE:  I found all the help to be extremely friendly and helpful with all my questions.We started with the Miso and Udan noodle soup...  Hot, very hot (temperature.)  We sampled the gyoza, (small and crispy with a tasty filling), fried rock shrimp, calamari, (not over-breaded) scallion pancakes, (small and very flavorful) seafood skewer (shrimp and salmon and the beef saty, (my least favorite.) The boneless short rib is definitely worth a try (order two, they're small.) I then had a variety of sushi / sashimi / and rolls, Salmon, Tuna, Yellow Fin, Eel, and white tuna.  All were moist fresh [tasty] fish and I did not feel that I had an overpowering amount of rice on the sushi.  I tried the crispy spicy salmon roll (6 pieces to the order) and really enjoyed it.  The right amount of crunch and spice with overpowering my taste buds.  We had plenty and did not go away hungry.  I was careful not to keep ordering until I would have to be wheeled out too. A simple scoop of chocolate ice cream was the perfect finishThe pricing for Fri and Sat night is $21.95 a person plus drinks tax and tip. For 2 people, it came to about $60, tip included.  I don't think his was bad for an all you can eat, large variety, establishment serving good food.DO NOT FORGET, this place is a BYOB so take advantage of that and bring some North Fork One Woman Vineyards and Winery Gewurtz or Gruner or Finger Lakes, Standing  Gewurtz with you, it will definitely compliment the dining experience.I will continue to review as I try different items on my next visits.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/12/2013,30,48,3,5,5>this place is incredible.  Absolutely not what you'd expect connected to a Day's Inn, but the ambiance is great.  Two totally different rooms with different vibes, and a full bar. The menu is extensive and the food is just amazing. Ask for Charlie, he's incredibly nice and super attentive!Also, they often have groupon and living social deals, absolutely worth it!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,12/11/2013,54,273,10,6,4>I am a fan of Rothmann's. I have eaten at every steakhouse along the North Shore steak trail and I keep going back to Rothmann's. Is it the best? I don't know. There are some like Vintage that have an equal Porterhouse for less money and others like Luger's that cost more but is more traditional. I like the atmosphere here and the excellent, courteous, professional service. Salads, sides, and raw bar equal the quality of the steaks. I will continue the Porterhouse quest while noting that for some reason the best steakhouses are clustered around St Francis heart hospital.For those of you not aware on Thursday night this place is a gathering spot for mature singles and  those not single but looking. Do not stay until the lights come on about 11 PM if you want to keep your fantasies intact. When the lights come on the place turns in to the bar from Star Wars. Not enough wine in the place to counteract that experience.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,12/10/2013,117,234,12,17,16>Friends in town- check... wake up at the crack of o" dark hundred- check.... Trash talking about who is going to catch the biggest, first, most delicious fish- check. We opted for the early time to fish so we could have a full day afterwards but here's the skinny on the schedule:7-11am Sea bass, flounder, and porgies12-4pm sea bass, flounder, and porgies4:30- 8:30pm Striped bass and Bluefishjamesjosephfishing.comPrice is $45.00 for adults but look for a coupon from any of their competitors and they'll honor it to save five dollars. A pool on the boat for the largest fish that's in season and let the fun begin! They bring you right to the fish and supply all of the poles and bait you'll need. Catch one and the nearest deck hand will come to remove the hook and add your catch to your bucket. In a little over two hours our party of four was able to fill nearly to the top a five gallon bucket. We ate like kings and queens that night.Bonus:The very knowledgeable and friendly deck hands will clean your fish for free. But after seeing how beautifully they clean your fish, you better tip them extra well. They offered us tips on baking some of our fish and making ceviche.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,12/9/2013,657,500,,7,8>What's not to love about the Witches Brew? This gothic/eclectic styled coffee shop was the home to many high school hangouts several years back. There is a pretty diverse crowd here which is nice to see. The Witches Brew is everything I look for in a coffee house:-Oversized comfy couches-Vintage decorations-Funky menu items (food & drink!)-Smooth music *Awesome friends.They have STELLAR teas here. Me being such a big Tea-Drinker, I know that every visit will be a great one. During the fall season, the pumpkin and chai make it's guest appearance. My favorite! The cookies, cakes and other assortments of snacks are enough to convince me to travel to Hempstead anytime. Don't forget this is a CASH only place! I have to make sure to go back here soon. It's been a while and I'm waaay overdue for a nice chai latte and a giant ooey-gooey cookie. Weekends can bring the crowds, so plan to wait a bit. And yes, the drinks may be a tad bit pricey but you're paying for the ambiance, the service and good company! And as you can see by the other reviews, this coffee house is loved by many.*I could totally picture the cast of FRIENDS hanging out here. This is like the hip version of Central Perk.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/8/2013,153,67,8,7,5>Alright, so since I started coming here last February (it's now mid November) I must've returned at least 40 times.  Yes...that many.  I make it a point to stop in once a week, some weeks it's two or three.  Sometimes I go in thinking I'm just stopping in for a glass of wine or two before heading home after work but that was successful two times at the most.  I ALWAYS end up eating and I've literally had just about everything on the menu more than once, so here's the rundown along with marks for how often I tend to order them.  1 * being once in a blue moon, 2 ** being here and there 3 *** being somewhat often.  Remember I switch up a lot, so if I order something often, it's a real winner.  No stars means I've only had it once or it's new.Cabra Salad- Had it last night for the first time (I'm not one to pay money for salads).  I'll be ordering it much more often.  The crasins have a great sweetness with the guava vinaigrette, the almonds add a nice neutrality as well as contrasting texture, and, oh lord, throw in those goat cheese croquettes and it's a win.Bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos***- This is sheer crack.  Crack crackety crack crack.  I dream of it.  3 jumbo jalapenos stuffed with cream cheese and chorizo, wrapped in bacon, swimming in apple cider reduction.  BLISS!!!!!!!!!!  Sweet corn and black bean salsa-  New to the menu and divine.  Comes with three different kinds of chips.  This is perfect for ordering immediately to wet your appetite while you browse the menu and plan your attack.  LOVE this. (will be a 3 star for sure)Cubano*- Crazy good.  Perfect if you add hot sauce to the bbq, but I do that with virtually everything.  Haven't you read my other reviews??  Pfft!!!  But since this is a sandwich, it's a bit more filling, which is the only reason I don't order it often.  I like to order 3 or 4 dishes.  Maybe they should offer a half order?  WINK WINK!!!Empanadas***- It took me about 6 months before I tried these.  I thought,"Empanadas.  Whatever."  I was wrong.  Put this in the crack shack with the bacon wrapped jalapenos.  These make the world disappear and all of existence is you and these empanadas.  Chorizo**- Things that make ya go MMMMMMM!!!Churrasco**- skirt steak, caramelized onion, goat cheese, sliced baguette.  Makes me think of a latino steak tidbits...kind of.  Damn good!!!  But in espanol.  So damn bueno!!Shrimp and crab ceviche***- on it's own it's incredibly light and flavorful and comforting.  But I'm a lunatic so I add black pepper and hot sauce.  Lump crab cakes- these won me over and I'm not even huge on crab cakes.Mussels*- delicious.  I mean, duh.Berenjena***- another dish I waited too long to try. Great contrast of texture, great salty parmesany crust, I just love this dish.Quesadilla**- staying with the "waited too long to try" theme.  I have intention of one day ordering about 5 of these and taking them home to eat on my couch to a movie in private where no one can see the slob level that will ensue.  Another dish that is GREAT on it's own, but I ask for a side of sour cream, extra hot sauce, and angels descend from the sky and give me hugs.Pinchitos de Puerco**- Pork skewers.  One more dish I think is great for wetting the apettite.  Salmon filet-** reeeally good dish and also very citrusy, which of course makes me want to add heat, but via chili flakes instead of hot sauce.  Without the heat this is definitely considered comforting.  You also get a few sliced baguettes.  Playing with your food is fun!!Blackened chicken- had it once, wasn't my thing.  The chicken itself was good, I'm just not big on mango, especially mango salsa, and I'm not totally big on sweet, so, this dish and I don't get along.  From hanging out there, though, everyone else seems to love it.  Actually, one of the more popular dishes.  So sue me!  Not EVERYbody has to like you, mango!!!Mofongo- I shouldn't even comment on this.  I had it only once, and I recall loving it, but I don't remember why because I was drunk.  I haven't ordered it again, yet, because like the Cubano, it's filling.  Season pork and garlic with mojito salsa over fried and mashed plantains.  Yeah, ok, so that's probably why I liked it.What you see above is why I love this place so much.  I never know what I'm going to order when I go there, but it's always delicious and I always get great variety.  I have my favorites that I order frequently but because it's more tapas style I can always throw in different dishes while still sticking to my faves, all the while slurping wine.  Oh, and Wednesdays bottles are half off when you eat there.  SCORE!!!!!!Note that due to their location they're not allowed to serve liquor.  Only beer and wine.  So forget your grey goose and cranberry (pfft), drink some wine, eat a slew of dishes and enjoy the music de latino.  I doubt I said that right, I don't speak Spanish....and my English is questionable at breast.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,12/7/2013,233,454,2,6,3>I've been dying to stay here ever since driving to the movies one night and saw the new hotel that seemed to pop out of nowhere. I finally had a reason to when I needed a place for a little photo shoot. plus a night out with the fiance is always fun. plus we got to watch a movie not on dvd yet! (the purge)checking in was easy and they even let me check in early so I could go swim and relax in the pool & hot tub. the room was absolutely amazing, yes the balcony has no real view but the fact it's a balcony is nice. I love balcony's! everyone was very friendly anytime you walk thru the lobby. the bed was so comfortable, the shower was the best shower of my life seriously. if I could move into a hotel I'd move in here. sadly I'm on a hardcore diet so I didn't get to try any of the food  at Marco Polos but I will so be back and do that one day. actually today I see a groupon for it and might need to buy that.this is just a great hotel. long island needs more hotels like this. I really only consider this place and Inn at Fox Hollow to be worth a stay on long island. I also want to check out the spa one day here. it looked nice the only bad thing is the bathroom set up, the toilet should be in a little private room! that's the only complaint I could come up with about this place. and it's not even that big of a deal. I just didn't need to hear my fiance in the bathroom at 6 am lol. not very romantic! I loved how the doors open from the tub to the room but the toilet should be not in that room. they should have consulted the Hilton in Niagara falls which has a similar set up but the toilet isn't right there lol. even with my ipod music playing you could hear anytime someone went into the bathroom we had some laughs about it. besides that though really this hotel is awesome. I'm already trying to find another excuse to go stay here preferably when I'm not on a diet :) also for the gym rats the gym was awesome. they had everything. I just got back from a vacation and the hotel I stayed at did not have a gym like here, it was amazing.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,12/6/2013,285,275,4,8,8>The Greek Place is my favorite local place to get takeout (however, there are a few tables there if you choose to dine-in).  I've been ordering from here since they opened and the food is consistently delicious.  My go-to dishes are either the chicken souvlaki in a whole wheat wrap, falafel, or the horiatiki salad (and their house salad dressing is pretty darn tasty).  You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu and the portions are quite generous.  I can't say enough good things about the staff and their service either.  They're friendly and they get your order out very quickly.  This is some of THE BEST Greek food in the area.  Highly recommended!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/5/2013,117,113,4,12,7>Here's how much I love this coffee shop:  I drive 8-miles (which is somehow a half hour away, even on highways) OUT of my way to work in order to stop here for a latte and grub.Inside, it's quirky in all the best ways.  Comfortable mis-matched seating, a table that doubles as a chalkboard, a bar with about seven seats + TV (often tuned to News12), and kid-safe-pin-up artwork line the walls.  There is a counter where you can drool over the craft beers they have in stock (yes, even at 9AM on a Tuesday - I'm already thinking about getting OFF work) and peek at the day's muffin-offerings (which are some of the traditional stuff like blueberry, banana, choc chip, etc - as well as more "crazy" ones like peanut butter & jelly).  There is a board with specials (I understand the hash is to die for) and listing for special syrups/flavors to use in the coffee.The loco-breakfast-burrito was delicious!  No ingredient was overplayed in it, and it was just the right size to make me feel full without that bloaty aftershock.  I've also had the bacon/blue-cheese grilled sandwich, which was even better!  The salad I've eaten there was just big enough, and the candied walnuts give a great crunch-factor while also making it even sweeter.Service can be a little slow - not because they're inattentive or lazy, but because it's a small shop with usually only one or two people manning the counter (as well as serving tables and even washing dishes!)  BUT this is the price you pay for true crafts(wo)manship - every coffee is prepared with the same care as the one beforehand, so if you're waiting, don't fret - you won't be disappointed.The shop also opens up at night (with some nights kitchen opening back up) for different small events: comedy night, western night, music, etc.  I'd love to see a trivia night sometime!  In addition to the bottle-list, there are also 2 beers on tap, one of which is usually the elusive Rocky Point Brew Club (I think that's it?) - so if you hate coffee but LOVE beer, don't neglect this joint!  Local LI wines are also available.You'd have to be crazy NOT to come here!  This is the perfect jumping-off place for starting off a day touring the wineries further east.  And when you're all done downing grapes, head in on your way back to drink some beans or brews too.  Leave some cash on you though, because as of right now they do not take credit/debit cards.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,12/4/2013,425,101,5,8,6>I had such a lovely experience here when my sister, J*, and I wanted to create some sibling bonding moments.She had already reserved a table earlier that day but I was running a bit late, driving circles around the parking lot. Luckily, J* called me and spotted me for valet parking. Thanks bunches, big sis! ;DRight away, the staff were extremely cordial and attentive to our needs. They asked us if they could check our coats for us. Sweet! We also had the MOST entertaining waiter who obviously knew the menu like the back of his hand. For apps, we ordered my sister's favorite combo of prosciutto and mozzarella as well as a hearty clam chowder. The prosciutto app was not the best we've had before. The mozzarella did not have that gooey, melty quality it would've had if it was served a few minutes earlier. To be honest, the cheese tasted quite bland. As for the proscuitto, it was tough and salty. The best component on that plate was the crostini, which we gobbled up. Not a good start, my friends. I give that a 3/5. bit.ly/13wYEvOThe clam chowder was just what the doctor ordered. It wasn't mind-blowing good but it definitely hit the spot for us with its creaminess and savory flavor. The soup also had decent chunks of clam.  Typical croutons on the side that I didn't care for. 4/5 on that, baby. bit.ly/1bMkbtvWell at this point, I was teetering on excitement for my entree. At this high-end establishment, you expect quality ingredients and that goes for skillfully handling them as well. I wanted my dinner course to start off with a bang but a crescendo was fine, I guess? Call me the optimistic type!When my entree came, I was hoping for better presentation but you can't have everything. I ordered the Parmesan-encrusted sole with a crab and avocado salad. WOW!! The sole had a crispy and nutty exterior but a real tender juiciness inside. All around great seasoning that was brightened by the tart lemon juice squeezed generously on top. It was absolutely fulfilling but light!! The salad had great pieces of fresh crab and perfectly ripe avocado. It was super soft but there was also a crunch from slithered almonds and radishes. 5/5 on this one!!! bit.ly/16GunwWI didn't take pictures of the sides we ordered but they were fantastic!!! I recommend the creamed spinach and the creamed corn!! I love these two dishes on a general basis but The Capital Grille really nailed them. The corn was fresh and sweet. As for the spinach, it was flavored quite well and was not overpowered by too much cream. 5/5 for Capital Grille's awesome sides!!! Get them! They still taste great as leftovers the day after! :P I had a blast here and I will be back in the future! I have my eye on those sides and I think next time, I'll try a different entree. Keep up the good work, guys!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/3/2013,273,306,5,8,7>This place opened up a few weeks ago and I finally got over there tonight to try it. When you walk in, there is a huge counter with at least 10 different specialty pies. There were plenty of staff member on hand, on a rather low-key Tuesday night. Even the hostess was out cleaning surfaces all over the place. I was impressed.This location used to be a run-down pizza place that attempted to become a restaurant. It was not the kind of place you wanted to have a seated meal in. This place is quite the opposite. It is clean, modern, well lit, and quite beautiful inside.My sister and I decided to take our mother out for a nice dinner, it was just an added bonus that it was pasta night.For $9.99 you got a salad with delicious homemade Italian dressing served in a gravy boat, lots of pizza bread, a big plate of pasta. Pizza bread is a new revelation for me. It was basically Sicilian pizza cut up into strips without the cheese. Obsessed with it now, and we went through 2 baskets. I opted for the rigatoni fiorentina. Perfectly al dente rigatoni covered in this delicious pink sauce with chunks of chicken, spinach, and mozzarella cheese. It tasted even better than it sounds, and the portion was massive. I ate to my belly's content and have enough for at least 2 more meals. I barely made a dent.My sister and mom were both very pleased with their dishes as well. My sister had pasta with escarole, beans, and sausage that she really enjoyed. My mother had seafood fra diablo that was packed with shrimp, mussels, clams, and calamari. It was only $2.00 more for seafood pasta dishes, and it was completely worth it.Our waitress was a gem. She was sweet and very attentive. I was impressed. For a tea, glass of wine, and 3 big meals, our bill came to $42. A steal for a night out with many leftovers. Can't wait to come back to try more of the menu!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,12/2/2013,34,46,3,5,3>There are always long lines at this place, so if you want to be able to sit quickly, come at an awkward time. I came around 4 and we were seated right away, but almost all the tables were filled. I am not a huge chicken fan, so I usually get a steak dish with rice. The plantains that come with are soooo good. Also, even though I don't like chicken I have to admit that their chicken is really juicy and most people love it.If I am here with someone and it is their first time, I usually tell them to get the arroz con pollo and so far no one has said that they didn't like it.I also like the smoothies/shakes here. I always get the mango and there is an option to have it made with water or milk, and I've only had it with water. The texture is fluffy and it tastes so refreshing!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,12/1/2013,46,49,4,4,4>Vincent's Clam Bar's red sauce is the best I've ever eaten. When we were waiting for our table, there were free drinks and a large pizza sampler at the front desk for everyone to take. The pizza was so good, the marinara really made it special. And right by the front entrance, the restaurant sells all their different bottled red sauces, which is a genius idea. The menu concept can be enjoyed family style,  and the portions are huge. But I've actually seen one person ordering a whole plate for themselves. This is a great restaurant to eat with a group. One main dish will set you $17 - $20-something.When we sat down, we were offered bread and I  absolutely love what they serve with it. They bring over crushed red pepper flakes, roasted garlic, parsley, (oregano?), and other seasonings on a piping hot plate, and pour over their rosemary and sun-dried tomato infused olive oil right on top. Because of this, I now have a bottle of infused olive oil sitting in my kitchen so I can eat my bread with it. My table ordered the fried calamari, calamari arrabiata (fried calamari in a spicy hot red cherry sauce), chicken marsala, shrimp scampi, linguine with white clam sauce, and a white clam pizza. (Yes, this ended up being A LOT of food haha) Both the fried calamaris were really good, tender and crispy. My favorite pasta dish for the night was probably the chicken marsala and the shrimp scampi. The shrimp scampi was thick, rich, and delicious. I wasn't a fan of the linguine with clam sauce, but that's just my taste, I'm not a fan of clams with my pasta. It was a little too bland for me, it was like having plain pasta in a broth that tasted like sea water. However, I was a fan of the white clam pizza. The dough was crispy and crunchy on the bottom, which is how every pizza should be, and had chucks of clams, garlic, and parmesan.Overall, the food is good, and if I was ever craving Italian, I would come back here.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,11/30/2013,35,246,3,3,3>I just came back from this wonderful gem of a restaurant and I ran to Yelp to write my 5 star review. A friend invited me for a girl's night out for some Afghan cuisine and the bellydance show. After reading wonderful reviews of this place a while ago, I knew I wasn't going to be disappointed. I sampled some appetizers that were passed around the table that was all very delicious-- unfortunately I cannot remember any of the names. I ordered the chalaw dahl (vegetarian) with a side of rice mixed with raisins & carrots. WOW oh WOW! The "side of rice" is a heaping plate of it. My friend's meal had lamb mixed in with the rice-- the lamb is so tender it practically melted in my mouth. The wine never stopped flowing; it was the only way to dine!Service was fast. Servers very friendly. Authentic environment. Job well done Kabul.I will absolutely be back for date night with my husband to let him experience Afghan cuisine at its finest.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,11/29/2013,1,2,4,4,4>Gastropub in every sense of the wordStaff:   Our server was professional yet down to earth.  He was attentive and             patient while I decided on which beer and food items to select.  Our beers             were always full and he talked with me about the style of beers I prefer and             made wonderful suggestions.  He also walked us through the menu and             articulated the food items which were on point with what we received.  Beer:  There was a wide selection of craft breweries to choose from, on tap and                in bottles.  They also had  some neat beer cocktails too, such as a take on             a  "shandy."Food: Steaks, burgers, and appetizers, all innovative and made from quality             ingredients.  I initially ordered the tuna sandwich which turned out to be             out of stock for the evening (must have been a good one).  That is okay             though,because I then went for the burger with TRUFFLE MAYO.  Any             restaurant that orders some sort of truffle product always earns praise in              my book.  It was juicy, truffley, and cooked medium rare to perfection.Aura:  There were many other patrons in the restaurant but it did not feel crowded.            There were two rooms, a dining room and the bar area.  The dining room             was filled with families and the bar are with mostly couples and small groups             with ages ranging from mid 20s to late 80s.  There was fireplace and  a table             for 2 right in front of it, as well as some tables and booths.  At the tables there             was also a nifty tic-tac-toe game set made of wood to help pass the time             while you sip on your beverage and wait for the food.  Parking was not an             issue.  No need to travel into Huntington if you are looking for a semi-casual             enjoyable dining experience.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,11/28/2013,67,22,5,3,4>The food here is fantastic!  Farm Country Kitchen, as its name accurately suggests, is run out of a country house with a large backyard with a nice view.  This place usually gets pretty crowded, and there is limited parking along the side of the road.  As others have mentioned, parking might be a little tricky, you need to get the angle right (that's what she said).If you eat here at any time that a normal person would, you will probably encounter a line.  This place is very popular, and deserves the ratings that it's gotten on Yelp.  There are a number of waiting areas - you can wait by the front porch or in the back yard, where they have set up a small fire pit and picnic tables and a heat lamp, which is nice.The backyard also faces a river (or brook or whatever), and you can see the forest and land across through the clearing - it is beautiful in a serene and somewhat secretive way, similar to the feeling of having a private island.The wait can be somewhat long, but you can see that the staff is working as hard as they can and as quickly as they can.  Just a word of caution, if you are the type of people to sit and dawdle after eating, this is probably not the place for you.The bad reviews here are pretty funny - it's a simple situation.  If you serve people slowly, you get a long wait time and people complain about that.  If you serve people quickly, you get complaints about rushing people out.  Lose-Lose situation.In any case, the food was perfect and our waitress was super nice and excited. We started with a salad (starting light, right? NOT).  It was a heaping portion of a salad, loaded with juicy tomatoes, pineapples, very juicy duck, and more. Then I got the seafood ciopino, which was full of mussles, clams, and an assortment of other seafood with a side of risotto, which was very tasty as well.  My girlfriend got the pork chops, which were juicy and perfectly cooked.  By the end of the meal we were stuffed.  These are not fancy Manhattan restaurant sized portions, I can tell you that.For dessert we had the cannolis.  They were good but a little sweet.  It came with fresh fruit and whipped cream, which was just the right level of sweetness to finish off the meal.Great place, great food, and great service (though mileage may vary).(Be careful if you call and reserve - if he says "yes we can fit you in", that may very well mean "we can fit you in... 40 minutes after you arrive)
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,11/27/2013,24,38,3,6,4>Three Amigos is the bomb. It's right by my home so I go there all the time. Everything is fresh and delicious. The service is good, quick, and it's inexpensive. I especially like the platter tacos, nachos, acapulco salad, and just about everything else i've had there. Their tropical salso is soooooo good and my gf loves their salsa verde. I just wish they had fish tacos! They have shrimp but I'm not really into that. I'm getting hungry just thinking about this place. They also have a nice variety of Jarritos if you like Mexican Soda.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,11/26/2013,20,27,6,9,6>If you did not know you would drive right past this place - well considered yourself informed and make a point to stop, even if the parking lot is full, walk there if you have to.This little gem beats all dinners hands down from the moment you walk into the place you feel like family.  The friendly hello's and attention to service are like none other again a place where the staff actually look like they want to be there and want to insure that your experience is nothing short of great.The food is fresh, fast and portions are incredible.  Had the special French Toast stuffed with Blueberry's with Strawberries and Walnuts on top 2 full "sandwiches" 4 pieces of bread along with 2 of the thin but long breakfast sausage links rounded out the most important meal of the day and boy was it.  What struck me was the fact that the dish was not overly bitter or sweet I am always worried about "stuffed" food well whoever they sold their souls to kept their end of the bargain, it was fantastic and the perfectly blended.  The total with tax was about $13.00 and included several cups of coffee which were refilled quickly and cheerily along with the request for water in a clear, clean large cup.  I mention that because the water cups are usually the first to look beat up but not theirs.  I will mention the presentation was beautiful like something out of Food Network BUT for me having the dusting of cinnamon and stuff all around the very edge of the plate was distracting as I was worried I would lean into the plate and get it on my shirt and a tie been worn would have worried it would bend into the plate and get stained.  If they just toned that down slightly it would be a home run.  Ya know everyone talks about Maureen's Kitchen like its the second coming of Christ well I will tell you people, "HE" is here at the Cook Room now go bring your hunger and give this place a try.Again just be mindful of the parking as the place is quaint in size (see the pic) and maybe for everything else there is MasterCard but don't bring it here as ONLY CASH will do.Of course when you go and visit be sure to tell the Stevie G said HI
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,11/25/2013,69,200,5,6,3>What a sucker I am.  I've been eating beef all this time when I could have enjoyed Bison!!Enjoyed a nice meal at Tweeds last night.  We started with the Bison kebab.  These are seven or eight kabobs on a skewer with their own barbque sauce.  They were cooked rare, and even though me and my wife usually prefer medium meats, these were wonderful.  The BBQ sauce is a little sweet with a deep tomato  taste.  For dinner my wife had the bison T-Bone.  Nicely cooked and a decent piece of meat.  I had the cowboy bison steak.  Another nice cut, smaller than what you would expect at a classic steakhouse but man is it flavorful.  They also manage to get a good sear on the outside.  It was a little overdone for medium but it was still moist and very tasty.  They have a standard mashed potato and vegetable medley, but there is nothing to see here.  It was cooked well but that's about all I would say about it.  The butter blend they serve is an absolute dream and goes well with the meat, making it all the more tasty.  As a rare treat we had dessert as well.  My wife had the vanilla ice cream with fudge (I think) and I went for the key lime pie.  We enjoyed both and it was the perfect finish to the meal.  While I wouldn't go five stars for ambiance, Tweeds does have a certain closeness that's hard to match.  Maybe Cliff's Elbow Room come close.  Everything is close, not so close that chairs have to moved as you walk by, but you definitely feel that if everyone moved their chairs back six inches there would be no way to get out of the place.  As for price, this is steakhouse priced all in expect to go $60 per person plus tip, more if you need a bottle to go with dinner.  Not complaining, it was money well spent.  I'll be back in the summer for some bison steaks for the grill.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,11/24/2013,58,82,5,8,6>Turkuaz is simply wonderful.  It is a cute little place right off the Peconic river with amazing patio seating overlooking a beautiful scenic view.  Its menu more than matches its settings and with charming service, it is the complete deal at a bargain.We tried the chicken shish and beyti kebab platters.  I had requested the chicken to be well done and made spicy.  The chicken shish came out perfectly charred on the outside marinated on a slight spicy chilly marinade as requested.  They were tender and juicy and among the best I've had at a Turkish place.  The beyti was a delicious spicy minced lamb kebab which had a nice spicy bite and a wonderfully warm moist rich taste.  The platters came with a side of salad greens, creamed beet salad and portions of both white and bulgar rice and it was an interesting experience to have both type of rice on one plate.  The beet salad was exquisite and aroused my taste buds like no vegetable has done as of late.  Fries, eat your heart out!Our server had an infectious smile and every customizations we had requested had been perfectly communicated to the kitchen.  She explained that they had been shut for a long while due to the flood damage from Sandy and had just reopened after almost 6 months.  They must have done an incredible job as there was no sign of any damage both inside and out.  This is a great place with an incredible view in a cute quirky building with a name to match and simply delicious meals at a bargain.  What more can one ask for?  No I hadn't died and gone to heaven,  I am a hell kind of guy to begin with, however, whatever I tasted at Turkuaz simply tasted divine!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,11/23/2013,18,35,7,7,4>Two couples went to Dark Horse Saturday night and let me say, we will be back! The place is really pretty, the service outstanding and the food was perfect (and reasonably priced). Our server, Sonja and the bartender, Ross were amazing. They couldn't do enough to make our evening more enjoyable. Sonja's recommendations were spot on. These are hard-working, pleasant people.The caesar salad was perfect. I love a pretty, chilled salad with just the right dressing. My short-rib entree was delicious. The blondie (brownie) dessert is super yummy. At our table my husband enjoyed the steak frites and another person enjoyed the pork chop. They also ordered beautiful plates of raw oysters and clams which came on ice and were beautiful looking and fresh.Can't wait to go back to the area and eat there again! Highly recommend.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,11/22/2013,59,98,4,7,5>A Few of My Favorite ThingsCame back to GHT for dinner with my husband last Sunday.  I started with the beet salad because it was soo good the first time and it was just as beautiful and I enjoyed it immensely.  I am a big fan of scallops so, when I saw there was a one on the menu I was interested but, when I read that it was accompanied by a sweet potato waffle, roasted brussels sprouts and bacon atop it I was very intrigued.  It was very delicious, the scallops were perfectly cooked.  The sweet potato flavor came through in that yummy waffle and the bacon was chopped into generous chunks and was a perfect pair to the roasted brussels sprouts, ate every scrumptious bit of it.   For dessert, I went for the Orange Cake with pecans and buttercream frosting.  HOLY COW!  It is a dense, yummy orange flavored cake.  The frosting was also orange flavored and there was a thin layer of it in the filling alongside a layer of pecan filling! Oh muyy was it good!  Huge piece too, had to take half home and finish it later, tee-hee.  With dessert I had coffee with Baileys and Frangelico, beautiful end to a gorgeous meal with each course offering some of my favorite foods/flavors.  I also must say my husband had the Monkey Bread for dessert and he is still talking about it, he loved it so much!  He had the Bourbon Milk Punch with it which I think was a perfect to accompany it and was do darn good I wished I had gotten one myself!  Great meal at GHT, definitely worth coming back!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/21/2013,70,22,5,8,8>Well I finally gave in to try Trento, especially after seeing how this place needs to "work out the kinks". Maybe today they worked everything out, but I did not see any problems. We were first greeted by the friendly hostess and promptly seated in a nice comfy booth. Our waiter was Daniel. He was very friendly, and knowlegable. He recommended the kobe meatball, which no joke was the size of a softball! He also recommended the mussles rockafelar. And no that was not a typo, I said mussles!!!!! Both appetizers were relish! For the entrées we asked his recommendations. Our resistance was futle to not listen again! I gdelish Chilean sea bass, and my partner in crime got the Sword fish special. Both were out of this works! And the waiter really listened to our needs. We have noticed a lot of restaurants pour on the salt lately. So he brought it up to the chef and they managed to do it right! The fish was fresh and delish!Now for the good part, dessert! We tried the Oreo cheese cake and the gelato cup. The gelato cup came with a scoop of strawberry, chocolate, & vanilla. Everything was so great, we can not wait to go back! I can not think of one thing wrong. If you haven't tried the place, go!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,11/20/2013,264,355,4,9,6>First time noob at the Oyster Festival this year! I went on the 2nd day this past Sunday at around 2:30 pm. Parking was nuts, the high school and libraries were charging $10 - $15 per car, and some lots were full! Luckily after some driving around we found neighborhood parking right on Florence Avenue right near the water. Once you get onto Main St, don't be fooled by the stalls and food vendors there as the real party is half a mile down the road past the rides. Once you walk over the train tracks, roll your sleeves up and get ready to mangia. I swear there were more than 30 food vendors there, the smell was amazing. I had clam chowder, clams, crab cakes, soft-shell crab, fried clams, fried oysters, and apple pie with ice cream. I'd say the best dish were the crab cakes, it was simple and tasty. They actually ran out of Oysters on Sunday at 3:00 pm! I'd suggest hitting the Oyster line first since that line is the longest. Come with a bunch of friends, bring $40, you probably won't spend it all. Share everything, enjoy the atmosphere and have fun walking back to your car.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,11/19/2013,145,285,5,11,6>We have had the pleasure of coming here a couple of times and they knocked it out of the park every time.  I love the Spanish board as a starter, perfect size app for 4, a lot for 2 if you want to try a bunch of tapas, which trust me, you do!  Here's the rundown of some of the things we tried.  The warm olives, mixed olives marinated with citrus and herbs were good but the boards come with some olives so not entirely necessary but good.  The smoked anchovies with mascarpone on house-baked ciabatta was really good, not too fishy either, the cheese blended well with the anchovies. Love the empanada described on the menu as crispy house-made pastry wrapped around a savory filling that changes each week, I've tried a couple different flavors, all were yummy.  I loved the mini panini which consisted of sweet sopressata, Italian cheeses, and sun-dried tomatoes.  The marrow bone roasted till sweet and creamy, served with onion jam was my first time trying marrow and I thought it was good but there really wasn't too much of it which I'm not sure if that's normal or we just got a bone that was light on the marrow, either way we have not gotten this one again with so many items we loved.  Last time we were there we tried the french onion raclette, bubbly baked cheese over sweet caramelized onions with crusty bread with tasted like heaven, creamy cheesy heaven.  My favorite item is the pork belly bocadillo, slow-cooked pork in chili-garlic sauce with pickled carrots and cilantro on house-backed roll, tough to share it tastes so good.  The pork belly is tender and salty and the sauces are such a great compliment.  The polenta with truffled mushrooms in creamy madeira sauce was also a favorite of everyone at the table.  Now on to dessert - they have this amazing yet simple dessert which consists of a cup of melted chocolate served with warm bread drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with sea salt.  The combination of the sweet and salty is a party in your mouth and we end up eating the last drops of the chocolate with a spoon, so damn good.  Combine all this with an impressive wine list that is very nicely priced and some of the friendliest wait staff and you have the makings for an easy 5 star Yelp review.  This place has awesome reviews and they are well earned.  Book mark this place and put on your short list of places to try!!!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,11/18/2013,102,354,4,9,4>I am so happy this place is so close to my home. Who would have thought a big farm like this was in the middle of 110! This was a perfect farm to go to for a couple of hours. Even if you DO NOT have kids. It would be even better if you did.I came here for two things. Fresh produce and lots of pumpkins. I was so pleased with the quality of these items as well as price! For $30 i got 10 medium pumpkins which weight just over 48 pounds, and a big bag of huge green beens with weight 3 pounds. I was so pleased with that! I am going back next week for more beans. They are the biggest I have ever seen.I wish I could have stayed longer and checked out their mini shop and haunted house. Maybe we will return!Again, great local place to take the family! There is food/snacks/goodies available as well!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,11/17/2013,50,2,2,5,3>Boyfriend was in the mood for burgers on a Saturday afternoon and I wasn't wanting to eat at the 'Guys...wanted something different.  Hopped on Yelp to scope out a new place to try when I stumbled upon Shakers.  After several people labeling their burgers as the "best they ever had", I HAD to give it a shot.Man, am I ever so grateful I gave this place a shot.  I remember past incarnations of this bar but never imagined I would go there for such a juicy, flavorful burger!  Boyfriend & I each got the Super Cheesy Burger, name sure is appropriate but at the same time just the right amount.  The cheese basically flowed out the sides onto the platter, which allowed me to scrape it up with my perfectly crispy french fries.  The bun on the burger was soft with just a little toasting on the inside.  Burger patty was thick, perfectly cooked - pink on the inside with a slight crust formed on the outside of the meat.  It was wonderful.  Burgers also served with a large pickle, ample amount of shredded lettuce & 2 slices of tomato.Staff was also very attentive and friendly.  Female bartender took care of us when we were seated at a table and checked up on us, let us know that the burgers were homemade & made of high quality meat.  Cook also came out to check on us and to ensure we were enjoying our food.  Will be back in the future!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/16/2013,152,78,4,5,6>A few of us had been near the area and wanted to try something different when we saw this place on yelp.  We order the bang bang shrimp and mussels in a white wine sauce. The shrimp was amazing, a but sweet and spicy mixed. Mussels were huge!!! Also very good!!We had gone on a Tuesday which was $2 taco all day. Can't go wrong with a $2 taco if you ask me. I order the grilled bang bang shrimp taco and a muai chicken taco which was my favorite!! It had fried onions and mangos in. Soooo good.If and when you are in the Northport area you must try this place. This place is seasonal so make sure they are still open before heading over.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/15/2013,642,123,3,7,6>I waited till I ate 3 or more meals to write this review. Least inspiring is the noise level at this nice new addition to the Southampton restaurant scene. When there are 5 or more tables by the bar, it's way to loud. Décor needs to be softened to be able to talk with your dining partners. Now the food.....Tuna Tartar was delicious and served at the perfect chilled temperature. Homemade chips at the bar are wonderful. Best and amazing Bolognese pasta dish I ever devoured. Pizza was a disappointment. Mussels appetizer was cooked to perfection in light tomato and garlicky broth that you wanted to eat as a soup. Bravo on the mussel dish ! We were all too full to order dessert. I will return to taste the rest of the daily specials and nice menu selection
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,11/14/2013,90,119,3,4,5>Met Roy and Lana (aka the Mad Russian) for dinner and quite possibly had one of the best dinners I've had in awhile. We had to wait a few (maybe 20-30 minutes but I'm not complaining) for our table over looking Mill Pond at Sunset. The night was perfect. The food was awesome. I am still dreaming and drooling over the mussels we had. The service was great. The company was also wonderful. Yes Roy, the mussels get my vote hands down with extra bread to indulge in that delicious broth. Hell everything was great that we ordered but if I had to pick one thing to go back for it'd be the mussels. They were just perfect and oh so good.I will definitely be returning in the near future. Yum!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,11/13/2013,122,107,5,5,4>Oh my word - by far the BEST Mediterranean/Turkish food I've ever had. Their meats are tender and flavorful as is their rice! With each of their meals, they provide you with homemade bread made on site that is soft and chewy on the inside and crunchy/flaky on the outside as well as a side of salad. I totally walked in there no knowing what I wanted to order and the guys working the restaurant side helped me out. I've had Turkish food before at some fancy, shmancy, sit-down place, but that restaurant doesn't even begin to compare to Nazar.  Those dining were clearly Turkish, so you'd have to trust a place that has their own countrymen eating there (and I say "men" because that's about all I saw there).Though a meal can be a bit pricey ($10-11), I was totally satisfied knowing that I could eat the other half of my meal for lunch tomorrow. Next time, I'll let myself splurge a little and pick up a piece of baklava for dessert.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,11/12/2013,382,325,3,6,4>Well played, currywurst, well played. I love me some good brats and beer, and they have both here.  I like how they're taking a twist on classic german food, and bringing them current with different cuts of meat and different seasoning. we tried a platter of 3 different brats, that came with fries and sauterkrat for about 19.99 - its a special they're promoting, and well worth it.  They came with some lovely mustard, and we each got a beer.1. I love german beer.  we pulled the lighter draft so its not the full bodied german beer you expect, but its light enough that you can drink a couple and not feel full2. the fries were fantastic, skin still on, nice size, nice and crispy3. The sauerkrat was delicious - and I dont usually like sauerkrat.4. we got the tommyknocker, the thuringer and the belgium beer brat - tommy knocker was by far my favorite; I couldve ordered three of them alone and been happy5.  I need to try the weiner schnitzle, its my favorite german meal, and they have it.  I also need to try the potato salad, and the apple strudel - most likely tonight :-)When you walk in, you order in the back and find a seat - its communal type sitting, so there are a couple of long tables with benches that you'll sit at with strangers - or your whole group if you have enough people, and a long bar type table against the walls with stools.it can get a little rowdy and loud in here...germans are a loud bunch - but its all in good fun, if you're looking for a quiet meal, you're better off coming when its empty or taking outyum.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,11/11/2013,140,162,6,10,7>This place is the best. I have been coming here since high school, and still come with the family usually once per week. They have awesome dinner and hero deals during the week (Mon-Thursday) for $5. FIVE DOLLARS. You can't top that. Eggplant parm for less than a Starbucks latte. Plus, when you dine in you get a basket of bread. And not just any bread, actual bread that is homemade on premises. The service is great too, Joe, Moe and the gang will treat you like family. They will remember that your sister likes her pizza undercooked, that your mom likes her salad chopped and that you (Mandi) likes a side of sauce with the house bread. And their sauce is on point. Mmmmm. I love sauce. If you live in the Commack area, you know Paradise. And while you are eating here, you may or may not have the lyrics running through your head, "Ohhhohhh Paradise! We're knocking on heaven's door!" The six degrees of Kevin Bacon, Yelp style.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,11/10/2013,237,506,7,15,12>Hey Franco, isn't she the best?  I'm glad you love her as much as I do!Noelle is truly amazing.  I feel the need to constantly update my review because of the amazing and consistent results I've had over the last few years.  Thank you, Yelp, for finally correcting her business name to Angel Touch.  I'm going on my 5th year of laser hair removal and each year, I treat myself to a new body part because, why not?  Noelle makes my hairless dream come true without breaking the bank.  The results are magical.  My cousins who come with me on my visits are also extremely happy with their results & also continue adding.  Anyone struggling with unwanted body hair, go to Noelle and she will make it all disappear.  No need to suffer unnecessarily or be ashamed to go through with it.  She doesn't judge and makes friendly conversation to ease the awkwardness.  She's just a damn cool chick, plain and simple.  This summer was the first summer I didn't have to worry about shaving before I packed up the kids and headed to the pool.  Being hairless is freedom.Check Groupon and Amazon local for the most affordable packages on laser hair removal you will ever find.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/9/2013,218,111,4,11,7>I love Nicks, One of my favorite restaurants in Rockville Centre.  This place is more than  just pizza (which is teriffic), they make some excellent dishes. I have been here numerous times and my order rarely, if ever changes.  To start we go with the Josephines eggplant, Baked clams, & 5 leaf salad.  The eggplant is one of the best I have ever had, The clams are delish, and the 5 leaf salad is dressed perfectly with chunks of blue cheese.Our entrees consist of a large pie with garlic.  The garlic is fresh, sliced and placed on top of the pizza.  The pizza is thin crust, all the ingredients are fresh and you can tell.  We also always get the "chicken in the oven" with broccoli and penne ala vodka.The service is top level and the waitstaff is friendly.  The place can get a little noisy when it fills up but if you dont mind that, there's nothing that should stop you from visiting here.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,11/8/2013,145,509,4,9,4>What a cute little place.  Decent prices, good food, really nice decor.  CareBear had Olive Tapenade and Spanikopita (however you spell it) and both were yummy.  I had a shrimp caesar salad which very good.  The shrimp was perfectly grilled and season, the croutons were exceptional, and the salad part was good, only a bit on the soggy side and a bit too salty. I will say this though, the real negative is the noise.  First off, the place is gorgeous and very appeasing to the eye everywhere you go, but the acoustics are terrible and the staff have generally turned the music up way too loud.  The bathrooms are nice though and clean.  I need to do more research on this place (as in eat here more) to update my review.  However, it's nice to always have new places to go to in Floral Park.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/7/2013,95,270,7,16,13>We came to Marble yesterday afternoon for brunch.  $15.95 with $9 unlimited mimosas, sangria, and screwdrivers! What could beat that? Add a gorgeous restaurant, amiable servers and waiters, delicous food, and excellent service!  Now we're talking!  I started with a mimosa and Mike ordered white sangria. Mine was good, his was fabulous, so of course we switched. The waiter asked us if we wanted to order and he could see by the Sunday newspapers in hand that we really wanted to take our time, so he let us be.  It wasn't crowded so he wasn't pushy.  Wonderful! When he brought us our second drink we were ready to order. I ordered the bull burger and Mike ordered the steak and eggs. Food came out after I finished my 3rd sangria. Everthing was cooked perfectly. Mike's steak had it going on! This was one tender, flavorful piece of meat! Lick the plate good!  My burger came with avacado, fabulous bacon and a sunnyside up egg. Everthing was well seasoned and tasty. We ended the meal with a coffee and yet another sangria for me. The chef came out to thank us for coming!  No, No... Thank YOU for having us!  We will be back!  Perfect meal. Perfect morning. Highly reccommend!Sidebar: I found this steakhouse on Yelp, bookmarked it,  and made the journey over during daylight hours in case I got lost . What journey, you freak? It was 13 minutes from my house!  Who knew? Well, believe it or not, there are people like me who are afraid to venture outside their comfort zone. But Thanks to Yelp, I am learning to widen my horizons. Yelp has taken me to neighborhoods beyond my imagination and I am so grateful for it.  Thanks friends!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,11/6/2013,113,382,5,9,6>Saw the Cute sign a few weeks ago and awaited the opening of this placenot sure what to expect.first off the parking is a hard sell a couple of spots in front which you need to back into 112 if you park there or park on the street which I think is safer.The Deli has 2 tables its wide open with space sandwich offerings are clearly postedall sorts of canned and bottled beveragesplus their giant iced tea cup is on the counter so you can see what a $1.75 will get you!nice refreshing non sweet ice tea was greatone of my most favorite foods in the world is a grilled cheeseno disappointment herethick potato type bread nice and buttery with oozing american cheese3.50 delishI know I will be back there is something called a donut on the menu and its filled with cheese and I need to give it a tryService was very friendly
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,11/5/2013,156,116,3,6,4>OMG.  Holy steak!  This place is awesome.  Me and my guy made reservations here on a Saturday night.  The place is quite fancy, we saw Lamborghinis and Porsches parked outside.  We were dressed up and everyone inside was dressed up also.  On to the food....we started with a surf and turf sushi roll.  I am usually not thrilled with steakhouse sushi but this one was very good.  The pieces were huge and the filling was delicious.  For dinner, he got the wagyu kobe beef and I got the filet mignon with south African lobster tail.  We also got garlic mashed potato sides and mushrooms with truffle oil.  Everything was delicious and the portions were pretty big.  I can usually finish a whole filet, but that wasn't the case here.  I had a big piece to take home.  The service was very good.  Besides our waiter, there was a team of about 3 people checking up on us.  We did not want to be rushed out and we weren't.  The waiter asked approximately how long we wanted to wait for our entrees after the appetizer.  If you come here, be prepared to pay a pretty penny.  Our bill was over $300, but we expected it and can't wait to go back again and treat ourselves.  I would definitely recommend it!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,11/4/2013,63,119,4,6,8>If you don't love this place,  I'm pretty sure you don't have a soul.   It's totally adorable!Its a great little spot doing what they do best and nothing else.   The name of the game here is breakfast and they rock it out.  The coffee is locally sourced and they have some of the best cold-brew coffee on the island (they even ice it down with frozen ice cubes made of... wait for it... coffee!)  My wife and I come as often as we can for Sunday Brunch.  The menu is different every week with new and interesting variations on the breakfast standards like bacon and eggs or french toast.  Sometimes you might see Red Flannel Hash made with beets and potatoes and fresh cream,  sometimes you might see cannoli filled french toast,  and sometimes you may see a hauted-up soup and grilled cheese.   Always different, and almost always delicious.  (Don't worry traditionalists,  you can always just get a simple bacon and eggs platter if that's what you go for.)The only downside is that the place is small,  so if you're coming during peak hours you might be in for a bit of a wait,   that and they don't take credit cards,  it's cash only here.Other than that,  it's absolutely awesome, and if you haven't checked it out yet, where have you been!?
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,11/3/2013,29,130,3,5,3>The two guys behind the counter were the co-owners. How's that for dedication?We were there on a slow day, but the co-owner that served us was a total sweetheart and showed us the vacuum coffee maker. They know their stuff and are well-equipped to make a great cup.My sister and I tried a light and dark roast and liked the lighter one better. Both were quite good. I like any store that roasts its own coffee, and I especially like a store that has all its roasts on display for you to smell, a nice decor, good prices, and homemade goodies!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,11/2/2013,30,166,2,4,2>ALWAYS FRESH!!!Loads of delecious goodies around every corner!! When I need the best of italian ingredients I come here.  Even fresh pastas and sauces if you want to be quick and not go from scratch.   Great meat selection!!!I like this one just alittle better because not many people know its there.  Its tucked away in a shopping center...a nice hidden gem.Next to Ivarone Brothers (which I promise I'm not cheating on you) it's my favorite italian market.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,11/1/2013,3,28,2,3,2>This place is AWESOME.  First, when you sit down, you are greeted with fresh salsa and chips.  If you check in on Yelp, you also get a free glass of wine or beer.  Last time I got the house pinot noir, which was pretty good.  My boyfriend and I always order the medium guacamole, spicy.  There is always a little appetizer on the house as well.  The chicken rellenos dish is one of the best I've ever had.  They put some kind of nut in the sauce, which makes it AMAZING.To finish our meal, they also bring out a little complimentary dessert.  The service here is also so friendly and accommodating, and it is definitely a cute place to go out on a date.  I highly recommend!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,10/31/2013,1,4,1,1,1>We were looking for a place to have sandwhiches and salads and was trying to stay away from Panera bread.,...for a change.  We stumbled upon this place when I did a google search.  We were suprised when we got there that this was connected to Macadoos BBQ and we could dine in either place at the same time. Great idea which worked out well for the people I was with.  One wanted sandwhiches and the other BBQ.  The staff was very friendly - we were greated with a smile! Food was great - sandwhiches were tasty - my son devoured the Mac N Cheese and the beans were incredible! My daughter had a burger which we shared with the sandwhich that I had.  Her burger came with Sweet Potatoe Fries which were better than the chips/salsa that came with my sandwhich...they were good but I think next time I will opt for the fries.  The other bonus to this place - Baristers Chocolate & Coffee.  No matter what your in the mood for this place has it all....except Ice Cream...hmmmmm.  One negetative thing to say is that it was very cold - almost as if they didnt have the heat on.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,10/30/2013,61,48,4,6,5>Decors. Sotto Luna is your typical little Italian eatery. The main dining area is fairly dim-lit, while tables closer to the window are brighter with the natural light. Tables are covered with white linen cloth with fairly comfortable black ladderback side chairs.Flavors. The pecan goat cheese lettuce salad was a bit meh. The red lettuce was extremely bitter and in greater proportions than the green lettuce. There was too much lettuce compared to the extra flavors of pecans, orange, and cheese, which seemed arbitrary and unfocused with the rest of the dish.The prosciutto mozzarella pizza with sundried tomatoes was fresh out of the oven, and absolutely delicious. The flavors of prosciutto and the sundried tomatoes worked well together, and the amount of mozzarella cheese was just right. The crust was crispy, but still delicate to the mouth. We were a fan of this pizza alright, and we look forward to trying Sotto Luna's other varieties.Presentation. Mostly neat. Not much decor that can come with a pizza -- it was presented on a plate, you know, standard protocol. The salad looked a bit dreary though, probably due to the lack of pecans compared to the lettuce.Service. The waiters seemed very engaged with their restaurant, very attentive... to the point that it can be a bit overbearing and awkward. For instance, a young waiter placed our pizza down. Typically what happens next is that the waiter walks away -- however, this one decides to stand there for another 30 seconds. We have no idea why he is just standing there, so we wait, and then he walks away. Sotto Luna, your restaurant has much potential, but your service needs to be a little more formal and your staff needs to be better trained. The Verdict. Pizza goodness.  Sotto Luna, your pizza was delicious -- we loved it, and we will be back for more. However, for bigger and better things, you need to work on your service. No awkward waiters, please..and thank you.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,10/29/2013,76,188,4,5,5>Garden City has become the Bermuda Square of great burgers and PS Burger (along with Burger Spot, Shake Shack and Bobby's Burger Palace) makes for one of the strong corners.The restaurant has a cool modern look and is kept very clean. The addition of another entry door helps buffer what could be a very cold dining room. The staff has been very helpful and friendly both times I've been here.The menu has an excellent selection of burger types (regular, bison, turkey, veggie and maybe more) and an excellent selection of toppings. My first time I had a lamb burger and it was fantastic. This time I had the skirt steak sandwich (see picture) and it was excellent. It had the perfect Gorgonzola to steak ratio. I have to agree that the brioche bun is a great choice. I ordered my steak medium rare and was disappointed to have it come medium to medium  well, but it did not diminish how good the sandwich was.A nice addition to their menu is that they do serve beer and wine. Not good for a weekday lunch, but handy for dinner or the weekend. Which brings me to another beware of PS, they are closed on Sundays. Understandable considering the neighborhood they're in, but disappointing to those of us close enough to make the trip.If you're in the Garden City/Mineola area and want a great burger, don't be afraid to disappear into PS Burger.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,10/28/2013,341,504,4,5,4>A very nice local business that I frequent, especially around the holidays. They carry and excellent offering of traditional and modern Polish and European delicacies.My usual order consists of Kabanozy, which is a thin smoked Polish Kielbasa that has a mild yet smoky flavor. I also order Kraijana, which is a larger and more robust style of Kielbasa with slightly more garlic flavor. The pirogi are also fabulous, being made locally by hand. The Potato, Cheese and sauerkraut are my go to faves. Grace, whom works the counter, is super friendly and very helpful, and if you ask nicely, she may even give you some samples!There is ample parking in the lot next door.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,10/27/2013,98,295,2,3,2>Era was a great experience. My wife and I opted for the all you can eat experience. Apparently they do offer two menus, all you and eat and a regular al la carte menu. We were immediately seated and asked about a drink order. Soft drinks and tea is included in the $25 dollars per person charge. They handed us the standard all you can eat sushi list and kitchen options as well. We selected a plethora of items from the sushi and kitchen menus. The highlights are definitely the house steak and rock shrimp and any of the special rolls and regular rolls on the sushi menu. The duck roll was oily and the gyoza reminded me of the gyoza I get in H-Mart. The sushi was excellent. Everything tasted really fresh though it was a little on the warmer side for sushi. Service is great as well. Drinks were consistently refilled, though we did not experience the Saki bombing like other people. I was looking forward to that! For dessert we both ordered the fried ice cream which was also very good! Reminder that parking sucks in Great Neck. Give yourself more time to find parking. All in all the experience while at Era was excellent. One small issue with Era, the aftermath was an issue. Let's just say my digestive movements were not the same for 2 days after eating there. Maybe a bad piece or warm of sushi, not sure. - one star for the displeasure of my digestive system.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/26/2013,232,277,2,4,3>This place lives up to the hype.  After years of hearing about this place we finally made it to dinner one Saturday evening.  It wasn't difficult to snatch up a 7:00 reservation two days before or maybe I just got lucky.Once we entered the room, it was already packed, but our table was waiting for us.  Off to a great start... One of my biggest pet peeves is to make a reservation and still have to wait another 30 minutes to get seated.Inside was warm and compact with diners seated within an arm's reach.  We started with carrot ginger soup, which was a sweet start.  I loved the next course million dollar chips.  The saltiness of the caviar bursted in my mouth.  The seafood platter was fresh but I wish there was more of it.  Shrimp scampi and baked clams were spot on with the flavors.   The famous meatballs melted in my mouth.  I could eat that every meal of the day... zucchini parmesan was full of cheesy goodness. kobe beef sliders were satifying bites, burrata truffle with croutons was probably my least favorite.  I love the smell and taste of truffle but somehow the texture of the cheese didnt work in the dish.  Then we had the white tuna which was refreshing after the cheese course.  The lobster salad and poached lobster were tender and fresh.  Then came the short ribs, duck, black pasta, and three desserts of creme brulee, ice cream sandwich, and chocolate mousse with expresso.  All this was accompanied by all you can drink wines and beer.  That was a meal to remember.  Surprisingly though, I was full but not stuffed.  This place is definitely worth the splurge.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/25/2013,35,124,2,3,3>OMG this place is awesome, the food is fabulous and I will get to that but first Mrs Moon is amazing. I have never had someone take such a personal interest in the food they are serving you, she really wants you to enjoy everything. And you will! They start you off with some tea and bring you all kinds of sides, kimchi, eggs, potatos, pickles, mixed greens. And there were these eggs, oh my they were good, crunchy on the outside , creamy on the inside.  All wonderful. They have wine, Korean beer and Soju a popular Korean Liquor, good and strong. We ordered the bbq chicken Mrs Moon showed us how to put it in the lettuce and wrap it.Gopdol  Bibimbap I dont know how they prepare the rice but it was just sooo good. Yukgaejang a spicy beef soup and Japchae, sweet potato noodles that was my favorite I could eat that everyday. Mrs Moon patiently explained the menu and made suggestions she even spiced up the sauce for us and brought out some more rice that she prepared just for us.The table was filled with plates of all kinds of deliciousness. A very special place run by a very special lady.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,10/24/2013,35,234,,4,2>a local institution, this is THE popei's to go to (they have other spots around long island, but none of them ever hold a candle to the bethpage outpost!)...seafood lovers rejoice, and loosen your belts too - popei's brings all things under the sea to it's patrons in portion sizes that will make even the biggest appetites do a double take, and most of it is quite fresh & very tastyif you've never been, be prepared for the following:-long waits: popei's gets packed pretty much every night of the week, anticipate 45 minutes minimum as the dining room is not huge, which leads to the next point-small dining room with tables very close together - if you're not too ocd you can make it work, but expect to be bumped into at least a few times if your back is to another table-tiny parking lot with valet: while i personally had no problem with the valet, i did witness them back someone else's car into a parked van trying to get into a spot that was obviously too small...if you see a spot, do yourself a favor & grab it yourself, but by no means should you park in the lot on the other side of the fence - the storefronts appear attached but apparently it's a separate shopping center and they will tow popei's patrons who park therethese little annoyances to the side, you really will get a great meal here - there are specials during the week for all you can eat ribs, crab legs & shrimp, plus a titanic regular menu that has tons of different options for seafood lovers as well as the land lubbers who dine with them...do not miss the bucket of mussels they are fantastic and the sauce at the bottom when paired with the complimentary garlic bread is simply divine...if you're not doing all you can eat definitely check out the crispy snapper if its on special, really a fantastic dish...all other entrees i've had here have been great too, those are just a few of my favoritesall in all a great place for some quality seafood if you can get past the little headaches associated with getting in here...once you're in though, it's all good
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/23/2013,194,165,4,7,5>I was in  the neighborhood looking for a place to grab some dinner so it was between a bar grill and Valencia's .  So after checking some reviews I went with Valencia's and I'm glad I did . I was somewhat confused because  they advertise as a deli , but they make Italian dishes.   When I entered I was greeted by a hostess and I wanted to take a look at the menu,  and I have to say that I was somewhat disappointed because they were filled with breadcrumbs.  I stayed anyway,  I was really intrigued so i asked the waitress to tell me about the deli/ restaurant and she did .  Also told me that they made all their pasta and mozzarella in house They also have homemade deserts.  so anyway I opted for something called shrimp ala gi-gi.  shrimp in a light mushroom sauce and covered in fresh mozzarella.   it was very light and delicious.   shrimps were not overcooked. no doggy bag.......lol  then I  had a cannoli made to order with a single espresso. it was super and creamy. ... I will have to return to try some of the other items on the menu.  almost forgot the place has some light live music on weekend's.  don't forget they don't sell alcohol. BYOB....somewhat of a small dining area so get here early.....Waiters and waitresses provided great customer service . thank you ...
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,10/22/2013,11,27,4,5,3>Went for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon with the whole family (9 adults) directly following my husband's graduation.  SO worth the 30 minute ride. The area is scenic, right on the water, and the interior of the Tavern (attached to both the formal Restaurant and the Inn) is rustic-chic with exposed beams and tokens from the latent historic feel of the area. Would be awesome for small receptions or rehearsal dinners.Several members of our party chose to partake in the "prix fixe" lunch which includes an appetizer, entrée, desert (all "chef's picks of the day"), and glass of wine for $27.  I opted to order ala carte, starting off with an Elderflower Gin Collins (I order ANYTHING made with St. Germain, and you should, too!) and the Watermelon and Feta Salad.  My husband ordered an Arrogant Bastard from the extensive beer menu (yay!) and the Crab Cakes...  pure and utter bliss the whole way around.  Watermelon was offset with super-generous chunks of feta, barely drizzled with olive oil and just a hint of fresh chopped mint.  Crab cakes were moist and LOADED with fresh crab; spicy aioli and fresh corn making perfect compliments. My father in law was pleased to note that his Caesar salad with made in the traditional fashion with anchovy, egg, and freshly shaved parmesan... a rarity these days.Main course brought Fish and Chips for myself, Tagine of Chicken for my husband, and couple plates of Roasted Scallops and Tavern Burgers across the table.  Easily, the best piece of fried fish I've ever had. Ever.  House-made potato chips were "meh", but I devoured every morsel of the tender, crispy-battered cod. AMAZEBALLS.  My husband's chicken consisted of veggies, a polenta cake, and chicken wings... not all that outstanding with the exception of the UNREAL sauce... if there had been chicken breast on the plate, it would've been a world more satisfying.  Dessert brought a Blood Orange Kir for me, espressos for the table, and nine (yes, one for everybody) Chipwiches.  If you are unfamiliar with the concept, I weep for your incomplete childhood... ice cream is sandwiched between two chocolate chip cookies and then rolled in sprinkles or, in this case, chocolate chips.  How could we resist? Additionally, plates of Key Lime Pie with dehydrated pineapple (I DIED!) and Flourless Chocolate Cake with raspberry sauce were passed around in shared fat-kid delight.A couple of non-menu notes... we called en route and reserved a table, but we witnessed a few groups of people who had not and, therefore, were made to wait a bit before they sat. It was moderately busy with everything from other families to business-types to housewives gathered for long lunches (we were there almost three hours... as was everybody else!) Furthermore, while the service staff are mostly charming, there is a  predominate hipster-meets-long-island-preppy vibe... I guess this may enhance or detract from one's experience, depending on your tolerance for that sort of thing. Lastly, there was a 20% gratuity added to our check, which our server informed us of when he delivered the bill. Totally appropriate, as service and food were largely above par, but just an 'FYI'.We will absolutely be returning, probably booking a room at the Inn and making a night of it in this quaint nook of North Shore loveliness.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,10/21/2013,123,466,5,4,4>I only have the best things to say about this place.I've become a fairly regular patron at Hoptron, mostly on the weekends, when my friends and I hit up the farm in Riverhead. They always have an amazing, ever-changing selection of beers on tap. I tend to get a flight (or two) every time, simply because I want to try everything they've got. I'll have a proper pint one day, but I suffer from beer ADD, so who knows. There's also a wonderful selection of beer to go! There are shelves lined with all kinds of beers in bottles, as well as a fridge with canned beers. There's a lot of hard-to-find brews here, and you save a few bucks when you buy a sixer. Also, BYOBG! They have a limited selection of board games in the back, but they don't blink an eye if you bring in something to play whilst drinking. They tend to have live music here in the late afternoons to evenings on the weekends, so there's that. As for food, the pretzel, as well as the popcorn, are top notch noshes for your boozin'! It's safe to say, I heart Hoptron!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,10/20/2013,83,85,5,13,5>I really enjoy Indian food, but I don't know what any of it is, so buffets are a boon to me. I'm so glad fellow Yelpers turned me on to this place, hidden behind the godawful Texas Roadhouse in Deer Park, because this is a true gem! For $16 for bottomless fluffy naan and a generous selection of hot, fresh options, this was one of the best values and most delicious Indian food I've ever had. They're not afraid to hit you with flavor here and challenge your palate. Spice? You got it! Heat? It's on! My nose was running within minutes and my tongue was punched in its tongue face with a sensory overload. It was glorious.First of all, I usually expect the quality of food to drop a level when it's a buffet. I expect it drop down TWO levels when the place is fairly empty, because I automatically assume a low food turnover. Not so with Namaste. Everything was hot and incredibly fresh, and the owner was present and really attentive to the diners, our water glasses and the buffet table. Nothing tasted stale or looked like it'd been sitting or stirred too frequently. The lentils and chickpeas were toothsome, and the cauliflower in the aloo ghobi was perfect. Even more notable were the chicken dishes! Chicken dries out rather easily, but the tandoori pieces were moist and SO flavorful. I get bored of plain tandoori chicken at some Indian places because the seasonings don't penetrate, but every bite was good to the bone. No boredom here! And the butter chicken, similar to tikka masala, was also really tender. Great big chunks of white meat, tandoori cooked and marinated and tossed in that delicious, delicious sauce. Yomz for sure! And there was this DELICIOUS chicken on the bone in a brown sauce, and goat for the more adventurous.Now to the naan. Made fresh to order in a bottomless basket, it was served piping hot, steaming, slightly crunchy and puffed up beautifully. I ate a disgusting amount of it, using it to wipe my many plates clean. I walked out of there beyond stuffed, and with barely a dent in my wallet. Will we be back? You betcha!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,10/19/2013,15,37,6,12,6>I moved to Huntington recently and one of my most very favoritest local finds is Makinajian Farm! See I love it so much, I'm writing colloquially! Having lived in a tiny town in the hills with only a church, post office, and a General Store, Makinajian made me feel like I was really home, even in a big town like Huntington. I love driving up and seeing the chickens and ducks walking around, enjoying the day. I love knowing where my food comes from.They're well known for their amazing fresh eggs and poultry, and with good reason. Nothing beats fresh, organic, wholesome food and when you cook with ingredients from places like this, you can really taste the difference. What people may not know is that they have packed a lot of stuff into this tiny place - not only do they sell eggs and poultry and fresh local produce (or California produce, when they need to fill in some staple gaps), but they've also got fresh baked pies and quiches, local honey (great for combatting allergies!), bread from the Hudson Valley, pantry staples like flour, sugar, butter, milk, yogurt, and even dressings, sauces, gluten free foods, and a freezer full of frozen veggies, and more. If you wanted to, you could pretty much make Makinajian your one and only grocery stop. On top of that, the folks that work there are sweet as pie. (Did I mention they have pie?)Yes, you can find veggies, eggs, and chicken for cheaper at big chain grocery stores, but they won't hold a candle to what you find here. It is so worth it. People, you vote with your dollar and I'm voting local, organic, and DELICIOUS! I'm voting Makinajian.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,10/18/2013,59,84,2,5,5>I found this place to be delightful in every way. The atmosphere was pleasant and calm, the service was attentive and all the plates were delicious. I started with a grilled Maine lobster tail in a kimchi butter sauce, with some sort of jalapeño salad, then had a duo of flat iron steak; one half braised in port jeff brewing co. porter bbq sauce and the other grilled with sides of corn pudding and grilled squash. Both plates were great, and I would order them again. For dessert I had a gelato duo of chocolate and vanilla, and it was the perfect few bites to satisfy my sweet tooth. Bravo Fifth Season, I was very pleased with my experience.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,10/17/2013,113,134,3,7,3>This is one of my fave spots on Long Island. Great location, delish and unique eats, huge portions, with something for everyone- what more could you hope for?Azerbaijan Grill offers lovely specials at lunch and dinner with more food than you could almost ever hope to eat in one sitting. The specials come with grilled flat bread similar to pita and a yogurt sauce to dip it in to start. Appetizers, like hummus, babaghanoush, and grape leaves, are delicious. All the platters are lovely, but I particularly recommend the falafel. The falafel is flat, flavorful, and the perfect mix of crispy, chewy, and soft. Platters come with grilled onions and tomatoes.Most importantly, don't skimp by not getting a specialty rice!! The cherry rice and green rice are just to die for. I have detailed daydreams about the green rice (which is so named for its dill flavoring and fava beans) because it is SO DELICIOUS.Prices are fair considering the mass quantity of food you are getting. Service is adequate. The decor is simple and spare. It's a nice place to bring friends (big groups can easily be accommodated) or to go on a date with someone you already know fairly well.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/16/2013,158,144,4,5,3>If you are reading this right now you need to just stop get in your car and go here RIGHT NOW! I think I found a new kitchen away from home. This is some from scratch kick-ass debauchery food action right here! I shared The Hipster homemade pork belly, grainy mustard and homemade kraut grilled sandwich with my husband- it was a magical buttery home made gourmet sandwich at it's finest ---with low prices! Seriously, how does it get any better than that?! HOW?! Well I don't even like mustard, but I liked the mustard on this sandwich and you can soooo tell that kraut is home made. It is so flavorful, in odd shapes and not too salty or vinegar laced that you wanna choke. Local fresh ingredients scratch prepared on the spot with passion- this place is a true gem! Then it got even better--- I shared a brownie with my husband. This may have been **no joke** the BEST brownie I ate in my life. This magical brownie was so thick and dense and rich just from looking at it, then tasting it, it was 200% better than I even fantasized!! It was so chock full of butter and tasted like there was an entire chocolate bar in that one brownie, I just repeated Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh my God over and over. So I guess this chef may be God.... What's better, I had their donut muffin- yes its a donut in the shape of a muffin and it is also just as good as it sounds and a chocolate croissant that was also buttery deliciousness. Now I need to abstain and exercise for a week! But I will be back- VERY soon!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,10/15/2013,371,182,7,14,9>Two trips to Southern Spice in two weeks, this place is habit forming.Both trips were for take out, both trips amazing.The flavors and spices in each dish were incredible. We started with the Samosa Chaat ($7) for an appetizer. It was delicious, samosas topped with chickpeas and a tri-color chutney. Just the right amount of spice. Yes, this is a spicy dish. We loved it!For the main course I opted for Chicken Tikka Marsala ($12). The dish comes with a bowl of rice and a huge dish of chicken cubes and peppers in a nicely spiced tomato curry sauce. The dinner portion was a bit of a challenge to finish because of the large portion size, thankfully I was up for the challenge. You won't be walking away hungry from Southern Spice. My son had the Chicken Chettinadu Curry ($12)  We were dutifully warned by the owner that this dish brings the heat. Thankfully, he was spot on. I loved all of the spices in the curry. So delicious and highly recommended. We ordered after walking in the door so we patiently waited near the bar at the front for our food. No liquor license yet but they're working on it. The owner of the restaurant, Sre, stopped by to talk with us while we were waiting and brought us to complimentary Ginger Lemonades. Imagine a glass of lemonade with a zing at the end. You have to try this drink! Sre explained how the make the ginger syrup from scratch that they add to the drink. He also talked to us about his training as a chef and some of his favorite foods. It was a very pleasant conversation and helped pass the time we waited.  This place comes up a sold 5 stars in my book. The flavors and spices put it at the top of my list for Indian food and I appreciated the sincerity of the owner and his staff. I highly recommend this place!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,10/14/2013,198,160,3,6,5>Once you walk into this place it has this open space atmosphere. I love the decor. The huge chalkboard makes me want to come over there to tag it up somehow.I am writing my legit review on here because I want to really share what I experienced...while I did a brief review on the event page.  I just thought anyone would be able to see this review then from the event page.We tried almost everything on the menu which wasn't a full page menu but it was worth eating every bite.  I went with some fellow yelp members and we did family style.What we tried:Chorizo - I thought this was okay.  I didn't care so much about it.Mac n Cheese - This was really good.  The Smoked gouda made it taste just like bacon but better.  P.E.I Mussels - The broth in this mussels....delicious.  YOu just had to scoop up the broth with the mussels shells and eat it together.  The had fries in the same dish and the broth gave the fries some flavor.Octopus - Amazingly the octopus was not chewy. I wouldn't mind it if it was a bit chewy but it was very tender.  But the only thing I had a problem with the outside skin of the octopus...It taste burnt to me.Scallops - I had a chance to try this due to someone ordering it and shared it with us.  These scallops came with mushrooms. Eating together or alone is very tasteful.Summer Salad - I so wanted to eat this salad because I LOVE eating salad with beets. But I wasn't a fan of this as much.Suckling Cod Belly - The fish was good but I thought the pork belly was too salty for my taste.Off Shore Fire Island Risotto - I just lost my Risotto virginity and I am a fan.  I would like to try other Risotto in LIand we finished it off with dessertsWe basically chose everything from the sweets menu...one of each at each table.Blueberry Bread PuddingFunnel cake which serves with Chocolate toppingVanilla Creme Brulee - my absolute favorite. I would order this and just eat it all by myself =]Seems like we ordered about everything on the menu but we didn't.  There's about 2 things on there I would want to try that we didn't get to try.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,10/13/2013,159,531,,5,3>I have to update my review of the bean to 5 stars! Since my first visit I have become a quasi regular there popping in once in awhile. The staff is great and the owner Sal has accommodated my husband and I twice! The first time he agreed to let hubby throw me a 30th birthday party at the bean and he shut down the coffee shop for my party. The second time he did us a favor on our wedding day. He let us come into the shop and take some wedding photos in the shop, and he gave us free coffee on the house for our wedding. I love the bean so much and I usually take some guests with me there if they come out to visit Babylon. My favorite thing to get is a snicker's mocha sometimes with peanut butter syrup added to it. I've had red eyes, regular coffees, chai tea lattes, the funky monkey mocha, the snickers mocha, the three berry latte plus various other drinks everything was terrific. The desserts are all incredible, I've eaten the gelato, chocolate cake, chocolate chip cookies, pieces of pie, everything is this place is so great! There's plenty of seating in the shop, there's art work for sale on the walls and if you are an artist yourself you can bring in some work to sell on the agreement that the bean takes a percentage for selling and displaying the work. All the baristas are really nice and the owner Sal is an awesome dude! This coffee shop will always be my favorite!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,10/12/2013,63,314,3,8,2>I should have wrote this review a little sooner, as i've vaguely remembering everything.First, this place is clean, small, and welcoming.  i know, not the words you were expecting.Stopped in here with a few friends before going to see a movie, and we were all very, very pleased that we did.  The owner (or at least he seemed to be), was extremely friendly, as was the waitress who helped us.  We were down a man for a good 45 minutes, and felt bad bothering them in weird intervals to make orders, get drinks, etc.3 empanadas for $5, yes please!  I ordered the meat, chicken, and cheese.  Most people here seemed to like the cheese, I seemed to be the only one who didn't.  I really liked the meat and chicken, and was torn on which was better.  They're not tiny empanadas like Vinoco is either.  2 other people got empanadas too, and seemed equally as happy.  Each meal is apparently accompanied by a salad, which we didn't know, and we were fine with.  I ordered the Pernil, with black beans, and yellow rice, wow, besides the order being insanely huge (no, I hate when people exaggerate small meals being big, I can count on one hand how many times i've taken food home, i'm a human garbage pail), that I took food home.  The food was absolutely delicious.  The pernil was nice and tender, the beans good, and rice not overcooked.  It was almost as good reheated the next day.A friend got the same thing, another the mofongo, and I forget the others.  We were all very happy with our meals, I think everyone took food home.  If in the area, stop by, you'll be glad you did.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,10/11/2013,301,223,4,6,2>The weekend started off on the wrong foot...I picked up my mail and was greeted by a camera traffic ticket. Parked my car int the city only to find a silly, indisputable parking ticket within 30 minutes. Left my car overnight near a bar and arrived the next day with a x-rated body parts drawn all over it in the snow (ok that was kinda funny, but still.) I should've known I'd be doomed. Headed back to Long Island, I got rear-ended by another driver who jumped the gun at the light. I got out of the car and cried out, "Seriously?! " This is absolutely the last thing I want to deal with. Luckily, the one saving grace in this entire mess is that I found one awesome mechanic. Enter Setauket AutoBody, my knight in shining armor(-all.) After the other driver gave me the run around, I opted to go directly through her insurance who gave me a similar run-around. Thanks to Joey at Setauket AutoBody, this was not the mess it could've been. First, they low-balled me on the estimate. Joey was not having any of this. He argued for a better estimate and worked directly with the insurance so I didn't have to deal with the long wait times on the phone. He also worked with them to get an extension on my rental since they also underestimated my rental car needs.Besides arguing on behalf of their customers, they provide quality service. My car looked brand new when I picked it up, perhaps even shinier. Throughout my car's spa trip/staycation at Setauket Auto Body, I received updates on my cars' improvement. Joey was always accessible and easy to reach for questions. He was friendly and cordial at all times.I would recommend Setauket Auto Body for your collision needs. And while, the service and quality were outstanding, I do hope not to need their services again anytime soon! Getting into a fender-bender sucks in the first place, but they really made it an easy, fairly stress-free fix up.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,10/10/2013,6,4,5,7,4>This has to be the best Chinese food east of Queens !This place has seen a lot of transition. I first found it through a review on Newsday, I reached their in the evening, this place is really small and there was only 1 person waiting on everyone. The menu wasnt in english then, so I had the easiest thing I could order - Kungpao Chicken. I was expecting a typical chinese take-out fare but much to my surprise, it was very different and delicious. I checked with one of my asian colleagues who told me that this is an authentic restaurant serving food from Sichuan region. After then, I have been visiting this place atleast once in 1-2 weeks. The must try dishes here are: Hot Poached Fish with Spicy Chilli Oil, Fried Lamb with Cumin, Spicy Fish Fillets with Silky Tofu in hotpot.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,10/9/2013,11,7,5,3,3>Great date night. Service was great. I didn't see the bill (first date) so I can't tell you pricey or good a deal the place might be. Dim, but not too dim lighting. Very clean restrooms. (This is very important to me.)Only Valet option. :( Waitress was wonderful! I had Salmon. Seemed very small portion to me. Over a orange/mustard-y sauce & asparagus. Delish! I was in heels- wood floors very slippery. Be careful - don't fall flat on your face on a date there! LOL
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,10/8/2013,37,221,2,4,3>Finally some decent Turkish food on long island!!!!! Found this when looking for good restaurants in my new neighborhood after moving. I was excited to see a well reviewed Turkish restaurant in the area and after reviewing the menu I was eager to try it. We were plesantly surprised. The shepherds salad was delicious, and the lavas served with our meal was tasty. The iskender was good, not the best I have had, but still quite good. I was happy about this as I haven't even seen this dish at many long island Turkish restaurants. I was still super bummed to see no labneh dip on the menu... why long island Turkish restaurants? WHY? This is on the menu at every Turkish restaurant I have been to in NJ, and I can't seem to find it here. The atmosphere in the restaurant is fairly lame, but the waitress was nice and they also do takeout. Will be back.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,10/7/2013,34,126,2,3,3>I think I died and went to carnivore foodie heaven!! After YEARS of wanting to go here, hubs owed me big time for a expensive/fancy dinner out and I finally said I'm booking Tellers!! We went on a Thursday evening, 7:15 reservation and we were a little early and sat right away...  I will say that jaws dropped when we did finally see the prices (but I guess when you don't put pricing on the online menus it's an automatic that it will be MEGA-BUCKS!!!) and well I went for it and got the huge 38 oz. bone-in Rib-Eye and when I tell you that even looking at the pic the day after I'm still drooling - Beyond Perfect!! It's the steak that you saw Fred Flintstone eating when we were kids... Yeah that one!! :-) We went totally overboard and got the duck fries (AWESOME) and got the scalloped potatoes (another MUST) and the Brussels Sprouts (which will NEVER cross my lips no matter how much pancetta is in them!!) This also meant that we had zero room for the desserts and well the list looked quite amazing.... I want to make an important side note on this review: I mean all 5 stars on this one, service was absolutely outstanding and my water glass was never empty! Kudos, Luis was super attentive, other establishments should really take lessons!! Now if you have read my other reviews you know we eat out a lot, and well normally we really don't go over the deep end in price... Teller's is worth every penny!! Both our steaks were cooking beautifully and it is exactly what you expect when you make that reservation! If this place has been on your Restaurant Bucket List, go already... Oh, one last thing...the place is beautiful and the chairs help you relax and enjoy your carnivore dream!!!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,10/6/2013,11,41,4,8,6>How much do I love the pancakes here? I look for any chance to sneak away from my family and sit at the counter and smack-attack a short stack. Unlike so many other pancake joints, Maureens uses enough vanilla to give the pancakes that homemade flavor that lets you know that someone cares.Obviously she does, because the real Maureen has been there behind the counter every time I have been there. And that means you are not a customer, you are a guest, and treated as such. They have all sorts of fancy pancakes and french toast, but for me, I never get past the real-deal pancakes. One warning. If you can eat more than a short stack, you should enter a pancake eating contest because these manhole covers are huge, thick and very filling.Look for the Holstein cow decor and you know you are at the right place.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,10/5/2013,24,147,4,4,4>In two words: Frigging Awesome! A Hidden gem located in Smithtown next to a tattoo parlor and a bar, behind an unappealing store front lies one of t he best Thai restaurants around. Was greeted by a very pleasant lady who is either the owner/ manager or employee of the year. Went for lunch and had the spring rolls and the drunken noodles which were amazingly delicious! A perfect blend of spices and craftsmanship goes in to prepare every dish. The thai coffee was too sweet for my taste but still pretty darn good. Hands down the best Thai food I've ever had. Once your finished with your meal you're in such a good mood that you want go next door to get a tattoo and have a drink. Too bad this place is very far from where I live but can't wait to go back.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,10/4/2013,280,325,9,13,8>The only time I wish I was a mountainous man who sweats when he eats is whenever I go to Minado. At $32 per person on a Saturday night, you better try your damn best to cram as much Japanese food as humanly possible into your pie-hole.Unfortunately unlike some people who could easily ignore the signals your body sends you to stop eating, its usually painful for me to eat more after the 3rd plate. But damn it...each bite is worth the tightness in your sweatpants. The selection of different food in Minado is not only plentiful but delicious as well. The hot entrees include delicious morsels such as pork gyoza and calamari, while the cold entree features dishes such as sliced octopus and dashikombu seaweed salad. There's at least over 30 different types of sushi to choose from and several different sashimi. There's a generous offering of mini cakes, delectable green tea ice cream, and sometimes they make crepes. Make sure to head straight to the raw food section, the oysters on half shell and the crab legs tend to disappear.I came here recently with my family to celebrate me getting my nursing license (RN baby!) and the line was literally out the door. The wait was a little long but it was worth it. The staff was very attentive and our dirty plates were taken away in a timely matter and we had plenty of refills. Here's the price:Lunch Monday - Friday: $17.75Saturday - Sunday: $21.75Holidays*: $21.75DinnerMonday - Thursday: $29.95Friday - Sunday: $31.95Holidays*: $31.955 ft. & Under: Half of Adult Price4 ft. & Under: 1/4 of Adult Price3 ft. & Under: Free
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,10/3/2013,698,2009,,6,4>Burgers!  (And more)We were doing the domestic thing and needed refueling so me and the girlie popped into burger shack for some lunch and to take a break.Great place on Montauk Highway with a decent bar area to the right as you walk in and additional dining and dining room to the left.We settled in and scored some nachos and burgers and chowed down.Burger selection is outstanding and if that isn't your thing, there were plenty of other options to begin your feeding frenzy with.  LArge selection of apps as well as salads and other stuff to keep you munching.Place is decorated in a beachie - summer-ie motif and totally fits the area it sits in,Very good prices for the large portions - we couldn't finish both of our meals - so we waddled back out to finish our day.Definitely a must try if you are in this area.Parking on the street and along the side (I think)
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,10/2/2013,196,94,2,6,3>Finally got to check out Sapsuckers as I've heard so many good things about it and I'm glad I did. I stopped in here on a Monday afternoon, so it was nice and empty. I sat at the bar and was friendly greeted by the bartender who made a few suggestions off the beer and food menu. I went with Greenport Harbor Summer $7/15oz. Ale which paired perfectly with their butter baked pretzel $5 and hummus $7. Both were pretty damned good. The beer selection was definitely more quality vs. quantity which is good and you'll probably discover some hard to find labels. The dinner menu looked good as well, and I look forward to returning to check that out. The décor, like other reviewers have pointed out, is upscale gastropub. Very sleek looking bar with dark wood paneling and blue/grey walls/mirrors in front area. In the back, there is a small lightly colored seating area which looks like it could get very cramped back there when busy. The whole place is actually kind of small. I would definitively like to return here during prime time (really cool place, but l missed out on the ambiance of night and the vibe of others on my visit). Front is completely open to air. Highly recommend a visit. Be prepared to spend money. The beer menu can get very pricey. 3.5 stars, but rounded to 4 up cuz I went during the day.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,10/1/2013,5000,690,6,17,16>Punto Rojo II, a bright, fun colorful Columbian bakery from Astoria, has easily livened up Long island. Just step inside and you can't help but like this Columbian Bakery cafe on Old Country Road in Hicksville. (Now some competition for the one across the street).Bright red chairs, a red door mat, nice new floors, and counters, rows of just made bakery (and Columbian hot food ) and self serve columbian coffee. On the menu, with a few pictures to see, they have large super sized breakfasts that include options for sausage, hot dogs (!), skirt steak and more. Fun place. They toast their own sliced bread - not thin, and a treat.They have the same Tres Leche which I now see is a south american bakery staple, but there are variations, and here I tried the caramel topping.Ever, the onsite manager was watching over everything. He was warm, pleasant, and liked the idea of some pictures. When I asked if he was listed or reviewed on any websites, he said no, not yet. Little did he realize two Yelpers were already here and he was already given 5 stars twice.After breakfast, when I left he thanked me for taking a few pictures, and seemed to want people to see the nice work they did to make this a fun place. Great attitude, totally customer friendly.Thanks Punto Rojo, for showing us how to have some fun out here... I can tell you I have yet to see red lighted ceiling fixtures anywhere. Punto Rojo knows how to let their restaurant designers do their thing.  Who says a bakery needs to be country style...  Yes birthday cakes have their colorful zest for fun too - haha but I haven't tried one yet, I'm still going for German bakeries (even over my fav Italian bakeries) for birthdays.  But who knows... I could one day try them too,This is a great perk you up cafe.  Can't help but smile! lol
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,9/30/2013,26,75,3,6,4>I wouldn't think I'd be giving five stars to this place, but honestly, it's freakin good.  Definitely the kind of place where you know you're going to leave stuffed to the brim but it's great Italian comfort food.  First off, their bread basket is crazy good.  Foccacia, fresh doughy breadsticks, mini pizza breads- all served with a yummy red pepper hummus and olive oils.  And they always refill quickly!  My favorite thing to get there is the pear salad and add shrimp to it.  It's one of the few salads I actually crave and I always know I'll fill up on all the bread and appetizers by the time dinner comes around.  But I always make sure to grab bites of the rigatoni or chicken parm that people around me get.  Last time we had the fruit pizza for dessert which was great- nutella on a sweet crust with sliced fruit on top.  Can you really go wrong??
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,9/29/2013,9,7,5,6,6>The best sushi I ever enjoyed is from here.  Consistently, Kotobuki Hauppauge delivers, from the small plate of noodles you get to start your meal, to the unusually soothing green tea, right down to the insane sushi platters that I can never get enough of.That being said, you gotta come before opening because there will be a sizable line outside waiting to bombard the restaurant.  It does not help that there is no reservation system [which I actually kinda like], and once you are stuck in the queue, expect a LOOOONNNGGG wait before being seated, especially because seating arrangements can get quite erratic depending on who finishes first and who is next to be waited on.And as others have said, the service leaves something to be desired.  I would not call it rude, but more rough on the edges and crowd management considering it can become a mad house during peak hours.But the food, once you get it, definitely makes up for this shortcoming.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/28/2013,62,198,5,7,4>I visited tRP for cocktails, tapas, and a nice atmosphere in which to hang out and tRP scored high marks for each of my goals. They had some nice beer selections on tap and a knowledgeable bar staff making decent drinks. Chef Lia's menu is impressive, and sous chef Brian was manning the kitchen during my visit and we very much enjoyed the tapas selected.  My personal fave was the shrimp and crab fritters. The corn cake to seafood ratio was spot on, an excellent balance of flavors. Second favorite was the fried olives. Never had them before, never even thought about frying olives (I think I said the same thing about fried pickles the first time) and I loved them. We also ordered chips & guac and fries. Both of which were well executed, a pretty standard dish done in their basic forms. We had a vegetarian in our midst so we ordered the sauteed veggies as well, which seemed to be enjoyed by the herbivores.Atmosphere is cool, I liked the outdoor patio best, with the very large peace sign hanging over the entrance to the outdoor dining area. You are definitely in a repurposed bank. I would recommend they tear down the acoustic tile ceiling, however, as it's one thing about 60's/70's era interior design that needs to go the way of the Dodo. I will definitely be back.Location is perfect if you want to grab some dinner on the way home from spending the day on either fork!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/27/2013,1,26,2,4,2>Ambience: B Cleanliness: ACostumer Service: BFood: APrice -The drinks are expensive but other than that it's your typical Chinese restaurant prices. Some of the items might be parked up a bit but for the most part it's not more or less expensive than any other Chinese place on Long Island. Atmosphere-It's pretty cute. A lot nicer than a Chinese buffet layout. Nothing to fancy but it's comfortable and there is plenty of spaces between tables so you don't feel like you're on top of anyone. Costumer Service -Typically Chinese restaurant service, take that as you will. Food -Yummy! Plenty! Not greasy. I'm usually very picky about chinese food because I usually find it to be so greasy but they cook is very nicely. It really is one of the better Chinese restaurants on Long Island and I've tried a lot.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,9/26/2013,14,50,7,6,3>***One Puposa Downed and I'm Already Hooked***Walking into the small store in this strip mall instantaneously brought me back to my time studying abroad in Costa Rica. Soccer was on the TV (en espanol, of course) and I was pretty certain I was the only native English speaker inside. I got the sense that this place served a specific clientele and that it was a bit of an event when a gringo walked through the door, perplexed at all the deliciously appetizing food in front of him. I had actually just eaten but everything looked so good I decided to order 3 things:Pupusa ($1.50): I admit, I had never had a pupusa before coming here, but the cheese one I had was really damn good. Fried with a lot of oil but it hit just the right spot. Good enough that I have started searching for other places that make pupusas on the Island...unfortunately not many on the Northern half of Suffolk. Oh well, might have to make the drive.Chicken Taco ($2): As good as I've ever had. Authentic and absolutely delicious, made to order. Grilled chicken was very tasty, corn tortilla was warm, onions were fresh. Chicken Tamale ($2): Very wet but also delicious.I left hungry not because I didn't get a ton of food for 5.50 but that the food was that good and I don't know of anywhere on the North Shore I can get something this authentic. I got some sort of rice cake sweet for $3 and gave it to a friend...we had it later and it was very good, sweet and a little oily with a crumby texture. I think it was made in Brentwood, so there must be a local Salvadorian bakery there that does distribution to the other Salvadorian restaurants in LI.The woman behind the counter spoke english (although there was a bit of a language barrier) and was very friendly, explaining to me that they have more substantial dishes and plates, which it seemed most of the people there got. They also looked amazingly delicious. I don't think you can really go wrong with your order here.Final Verdict: If you want authentic Salvadorian food or simply just to push your comfort zone with a great cheap food experience, this is the place. Highly recommend giving it a try.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,9/25/2013,19,124,6,11,6>Phenomenal.  Absolutely phenomenal.So, to give you some context, I love the better restaurants, whether it be LI or the city.  I can't afford to trek in and out of the city all the time, but on Long Island, I've tried my fair share of the restaurants everyone praises.  I loved Mirabelle Tavern (better than Mirabelle Restaurant).  The Brass Rail is fun with great food.  Kitchen A Bistro is divine.  My favorite restaurant of them all is George Martin the Original in Rockville Centre.  I just tried-and loved-Jewel, in Melville.  And Red is up there with those Grand High Exalted Mystic restaurants.  It's safely, comfortably up there.  It is well run, the food is amazing, the decor is lovely, the prices are high, but you're going in knowing that, and, let me tell you, because by now you're like, "SHE'S CRAZY!  SHE'S BIASED!  SHE KNOWS THE OWNER OR SOMETHING!"  I do not in fact know the owner, BUT when my friend took me to Red last night for my birthday we had a major food problem AND I AM STILL SAYING ALL THIS.Let me explain.  We arrived at Red for our 7:30 reservation exactly on time; luckily Red has a valet, because it's freezing out now, and parking in Huntington always requires some divine intervention.  The hostess, and another lady, a manager I believe (we meet the manager again later, so keep notes!) greeted us; the decor is woody, smoky (not literally; figuratively, people!); it would be a good date spot, but then Red is a good anything-spot, because I saw younger people, older people, groups of friends, couples, etc.  We were seated a couple of moments later.  Water and bread were brought promptly.  The bread was top notch; chewy, warm, you could taste just a hint of salt.  Our waiter was great, mostly attentive enough.  I had wine, my friend had a vodka and soda and then switched to wine.  They have a nice wine/cocktail list.  We each ordered salad and filet mignon.  I had the Caesar salad; it was a good size (maybe even too big for an app portion); it had shavings of parmesan, enough croutons (so important!), and was flavorful and delicious.  My friend had their salad special, and she really liked it, but I can't recall what it was.  On to our major problem that, despite it, Red superheroically goes on to win 5 stars from me (and my friend!): we had each ordered filet mignon medium rare.  We both told the waiter we wanted it medium rare, but definitely on the rare side.  Really, we told him, we just don't want it to be bloody.  He agreed, he wrote his little waiter notes down, anndd when the filets came, they were medium to the core.  In all my years eating out at restaurants I've sent stuff back...zero times.  ZERO.  I'm always like, embarrassed to send stuff back.  I feel sad about it.  It's like saying, "No, chef, you are not good enough!" When really I want to say, "Thank you for trying so hard!"  But my friend just looked at me and was like, "No.  This is not cutting it.  Both of these are going back."  She was right; steaks are cooked to order, and these were most definitely not what we ordered.  We called the waiter over as soon as we had cut in and had seen the mediumness of these filets, and he whisked them away, apologizing. Two minutes later, the manager was placing some sort of duck confit app in front of my friend and me, apologizing for the steaks, promising new ones soon.  Our waiter hovered nearby.  I was truly appreciative of her gesture, and the promptness and politeness with which she and our waiter responded to the steak debacle.  I mean, we sent back $40 steaks AND THEY HAD TO GIVE US NEW ONES annnnd they throw in an app?  Red, you're a class act.  The duck confit app was delicious, and when the steaks came back about twelve minutes later (THEY EVEN PACED THEIR MISTAKE.  These people are incredible), they too were divine.  Medium rare, on the rarer side, not bloody.  Wonderful.  One small issue was that the waiter never returned once our new steaks came to check on us; I think he may have just forgotten, as he was busy, but, well, I don't have to tell you, Yelpers!  Checking is standard, especially if there has been a problem.  For dessert I had their flourless chocolate cake; it was very good; a little denser and it would match my fave truffle cake dessert from George Martin.  I had the ice wine, and it was wonderful.  I love ice wine.  My friend had their hazelnut and banana cake, which was on special, and I think I actually liked that better than my flourless, lovely as it was.  If the banana hazelnut cake is there when you are, strike while the iron is hot, friends.  So, Red, you've won a place in my heart, a place on my All-Time list of restaurants (after one visit!  Incredible!  For the record, Jewel, which I mentioned above, is not on that list yet, because I've only been there once.  You beat them!), and I will def. be back and bringing more people.  Cheers to the greatness that is Red!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/24/2013,23,48,5,12,6>PHO?  Yes please and Thank You!This was my first introduction to Vietnamese food. I love Pho! I can't believe I have not had the pleasure of this amazing soup/meal. Its sweet and salty and hearty yet the broth is light. The regular size was too big for me- woo hoo lunch for tomorrow! The Summer Rolls were delightful in their simplicity and beautiful with the shrimp showing through the wrapper. Yummy sauce too. Reasonable prices and warm service. Very much looking forward to a return visit.(FYI- Pho is pronounced "FFf" .
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,9/23/2013,169,309,8,11,7>Sugoi ! Asombroso! Jingrén!Need I say it in more languages? Sip tea lounge is amazing! As a self proclaimed tea snob and lover of all things made with camellia sinensis I can wholeheartedly agree with other yelpers that this place IS the cats' meow!*Sip tea lounge is a calming, rustic ,earthy tea house with a hint of Japanese flair that tantalizes your sensory receptors both visually and tastefully. The owner is responsive and sweet and will try to accommodate her customers tastes and preferences. The menu is assorted with all your loose tea staples such was dragonwell, matcha, genimacha, puh er, chai, etc.** You'll find a small assortment of things to nibble on such as mini-tea sandwiches and various baked sweets which are all are made in house. Nicole will prepare your food on the spot in a super sanitary manner and serve it to you on a quaint tea tray. I had the Genmaicha, a scone and a cucumber and dill tea sandwich. The tea was brewed oh-so-perfectly. In total, the foodstuffs did not quite comprise of a lunch portion but was completely satisfactory for tea time  snacks. All tea pots come with refills and a smile free of charge :) Sip is the real deal. Despite being a tea lounge it is not A) Girly B) Pink or C) Super-frilly-princess delicate with porcelain and flowers everywhere. Ladies, feel free to being your gentlemen here without resistance. They also sell their own blends of loose tea so toss that teavana and start sippin' ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* Or pajamas, or whiskers or the the dog's bollocks. You get the point. ** Lovers of bagged Lipton tea only would not understand... and if they did their heads would asplode.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,9/22/2013,140,122,7,8,6>Pinkies UP !I love both Cats and China tea sets so this was right up my alley * cat* ....Tea service is available AND they serve scones with clotted cream and orange butter.The menus are uniquely French and everything upon them is C'est Magnifique!!!Great place for lunch or dinner or to meet your girlies for a pre shopping spot of tea.Highlights;French onion soupAvocado salad Zucchini and tomato tart appetizer Mushroom turnover appetizer is OH SO GOOD!!I wish they would have GF options and a few more vegan choices. Service is good.Tea time is awesome here!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,9/21/2013,11,98,3,5,4>Hewlett has finally done it!  An excellent business was finally discovered in the dull / overpriced commercial hub of the 5 Towns area.  I've been to Mermaid twice and each experience has been nothing short of delicious and enjoyable.I was recently here for a graduation dinner with a party of 12 people.  Upon getting seated, my very Italian family was intrigued yet slightly confused by the menu, seeing that many of the Italian restaurant standard dishes were not present.  Our server, Eddie, who did an impeccable job, explained that the chef was Turkish and that he put his own spin on many of the usual dishes, adding some new, delicious ones along the way.I'm getting ahead of myself though... when we first sat down we noticed the surroundings were nice and too dimly lit; this definitely gave a higher scale vibe as expected.  Our server not only told us what the specials were but took the time to explain a good percentage of the menu to us as well as what ingredients were being used, which was not only unexpected, but the honesty was above appreciated.  I will say there was some exaggeration, particularly one comment regarding the steak being Peter Luger's quality, which is practically ludicrous (Personally though I don't think the steak is what you should be ordering here or at most Italian restaurants for that matter).  He and the chef were able to accommodate our parties' request such as turning their risotto dish from a full order to a half order.  Its also important to note that though there is valet parking, the lot is fairly small and the area in general is not the best place to find street parking.We started with some appetizers including the baked clams, calamari, and bruschetta.  The bruschetta was solid but the seafood was what really sold us.  The baked clams were more clam than breading and had a perfect balance between the two and the calamari was crisp and not overly chewy or mushy, going well with the sauce.  Other people in the party had one of the specials which was a mushroom soup, which they sucked down faster than it took for them to be served.  As far as entrees go, Mermaid did not disappoint.  My dish was the linguine con aragosta but unfortunately they were out of lobster so our server suggested a slight variation of the dish with shrimp instead.  This turned out to be a great decision.  Though perhaps six shrimp was too little, each one was made to perfection and blended well with the tomato, linguine, and artichoke.  Everyone else loved their dishes and I took a taste of of some of the lamb and veal entrees, which almost made me wish I had gotten another meal.  Portions for most of the dishes tended to be large enough and the prices though expensive, were fair considering the quality of food you were receiving.  Almost none of their dishes are made with anything previously frozen, and it shows.As full as I was, myself and nearly everybody else there had to have some dessert.  I had their apple tart, which was drizzled in a caramel sauce.  Similar to the other dishes this one was scrumptious and their chocolate soufflé seemed to be another popular favorite.  My entire party, who came in with slightly skeptical views of the menu, came out wondering when the next time we'd all head back here.  If I could I'd give the place 4.5 stars out of 5 but since I can't I'm rounding it to 5.  Every aspect of the meal was excellent, and its apparent that the entire team at Mermaid are looking to give you a fun, mouth-watering experience.  When so many restaurants in the area can't rise above the level of average at best,  Mermaid easily surpasses them all.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,9/20/2013,657,500,4,5,5>Love this park. I have been coming to this place ever since I was a little kid. I used to sled down hills during the winter time here. Also, I learned how to ride a bike here. So basically, it's chock full of my childhood memories. I remember before they re-did the playground, there used to be a concrete playing area filled with giant animal statues. I don't know if too many other remember this, but it was great. All in all, It's a really clean and updated park. Nowadays I go on my weekly runs here. There's plenty of space and hills to get a decent workout. And the best part... is that there's a path right from Cedar Creek to Jones Beach! It's a bit of a doozie if you're a beginner runner but it's even nice for a walk. Noisy considering its parallel to the Wantagh Pkwy but still very nice. There's a nice area to bring your dogs to as well as a big, spacious playground for the kids. I know there's a shooting range (archery), soccer fields (new), baseball fields, racquet ball/tennis courts, etc. I've had so many memories here and know that other's enjoy Cedar Creek a lot too.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,9/19/2013,383,272,2,6,7>Did you know Mesquite of Echo Ave in Sound Beach has a mobile location?? It's on County Rd 111 in Manorville (you know the road with the Stargazer = giant statue of a deer looking up at the night sky).  Located across from the newish CVS and just a bit south of the Capital One/Starbucks location.   We stopped in for some of our favorite tacos-- the skirt steak with goat cheese taco, the chicken cutlet taco, the fish taco and the pulled pork taco.  The tacos are a little on the pricier side because these are not run-of-the-mill tacos.  They're specialty tacos each with unique slaw, cheese, and topping combinations.   Excellent, friendly service.  Cute outside seating.  Only open Thursday thru Sunday 12PM-8PM.  Def worth checking out.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,9/18/2013,117,234,10,13,12>After taking care of a few errands, I brought out my trusty iphone and yelp app to direct me to some good food nearby. I saw italian and .2 miles away combined with a four star rating----I'm in like flynn. Although it was early in the afternoon, I sat at the bar because I refuse to eat a meal alone and I'll almost always make a new friend. The bar was full and everyone seemed to know each other, or at least were friendly with each other. To me that translates into, "food must be awesome here"- these people keep coming back! I started with a nice belvedere martini. It came accompanied with some warm bread that was delicious. I love seafood and when I saw that there was a seafood salad offered, I had to have it. The calamari was perfect as was the octopus and conch. Served just cold enough to really enjoy the flavors. I followed this up with a very delicious veal parmesan  that left me with a smile on my face and no more hunger pangs. The bar area can get a little loud but its separated from the main dining room with glass doors that can be opened. The service was good and the bartender never missed a beat. There was a lot going on there and he kept everyone happy and attended. I noticed that there is another banquet room for private parties down the hall and it appears that its often used due to the really very good food here. The decor is nice and the service was good too. You'll do well to come here and enjoy lunch or dinner.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,9/17/2013,73,122,3,6,4>Let me start by saying that we will be back,  many times in order to sample all the items on the menu.  This was the best (most authentic) mexican food I have ever had after years and years of all the mexican chain restaurants.We started with the fresh guacamole dip which featured a thick texture with chunks (not chip size pieces) of avocado.  Creamy, tasty, (chopped onions, tomato, lime and plenty of cilantro) served with freshly made warm chips.Next was the Empandas Colombianas...  DELICIOUS...  Crunchy on the outside, warm and tender on the inside.  A mixture of chili meat served as the filling.We each had the taco plate.  1 grilled chicken, 1 carne asada, and 1 chorizo.   Tasty tender meat served on a soft tortilla shell.  They all were fantastic.  Sliced radish, tomato, cilantro topped off the meal,  with their own hot sauce "salsa Roja" (very hot sauce, Chile de Arbol) and tomatillo sauce.Out of curiosity  I had to order the Baleadas which are homemade flour tortillas stuffed with beans, cheese, sour cream avocado and eggIf you're caught up in the "Taco Bell" routine I stronlgly suggest that you go to El Paso Taco Grill to learn and enjoy what real mexican food trastes like.  The entire meal was just over $30 for two of us.There are pictures of all the different items mentioned in this review.  Remember, this is a small place, not fancy, and not really "big group" friendly.  You may have to wait for a seat but  that should not stop you from going and enjoying a fun meal...  Experiment, try something new.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,9/16/2013,218,87,6,8,7>This is the rare place that is popular with locals and tourists alike. Located in Napeaugue (the area between Amagansett and Montauk) right on 27, Cyril's has been packing them in since I was a little kid. Reggae music, laid back vibes, and an awesome outdoor bar. The bartender Shanna, makes a mean BBC (baileys banana colada - get it with the dark rum floater) - this is the signature drink, and awesome on a hot summer afternoon, after the beach. They also make a MEAN bloody mary, perfect and spicy as hell. The food can be hit or miss, but the lobster roll is always on point, and the specials are always good.Cyril himself is a reggae pirate in a sarong, who is a quintessential Hamptons character. Stop by his table in the front - he may give you a fist bump or tell you to "f--k off".Always a pleasure, always friendly staff, and always filled with beautiful people. An added bonus is is close to Montauk, and awesome for a "pit stop" on the way from East Hampton.DOES NOT ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS!!!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,9/15/2013,375,757,2,6,4>This a review for the brunch only. I came here with a group of about 15 and we were seated immediately. $42 all you can eat fast. Drinks are no longer included, but apparently the price went down from $50. I had a Bloody Mary for another $5 bucks, which is completely reasonable.There is so much food...breakfast-y stuff as well as other options such as seafood.Here are some highlights:WafflesLobster SushiOmeletsSteakKani SaladAssortment of cakes and cookiesGreat place to come with family or a large group. There is something for everyone.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,9/14/2013,54,126,7,9,7>It's small but great! I'm not a wine person and this was my first wine bar. I sought a new atmosphere rather than the same old ear bleeding bar to catch up with a friend. The bartender who was a young guy, was so knowledgeable and helpful! Fantastic customer service, I asked him for a recommendation as I don't know much about wine and usually get a headache from it almost instantly.  He suggested one for me and explained the wine and no headache during or after drinking! Also had some tea as well which is nice because you can't get tea at a regular bar. I didn't have any food but maybe next time, it's definitely worth checking out and they are open until 2 which is great. Great service. I will definitely go back!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,9/13/2013,238,372,4,5,5>I'm quite remiss in writing this review on the Cortland in Bay Shore. It was originally introduced to me by fellow multi-year Elite Yelper, Doug G., who has been a regular at the Cortland for several years. If he was paid $5 for every person he introduced to Bobby and the Cortland, he'd be ready to retire in a few weeks. I'm serious.The Cortland literally does "Everything Right" as Doug G. says it in his review. These guys feature local beers, several house made infused liqueurs, a really fun local and simple ambience, true love and passion for everything they serve from their Jiffy Pop popcorn, house snacks and/or food that they partner up with a local restaurant (Tellulah's) which features AMAZING food (see my review). The only negative thing I have to say about the Cortland is that I wish it was bigger! It is such an amazing place that it has gotten really popular, which can get very busy at times and you won't have a place to sit or stand. These are luxury problems and good problems to have, if you're Bobby @ the Cortland! :) Perhaps I have one other negative thing to write - I wish it wasn't so far from where I lived!!! Again, luxury problem :)And here's the summary...it's become one of my absolute favorite bars and they better keep up the good work (which I'm sure they'll have no problem doing as long as Bobby is around...) because we really love you, the Cortland!THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,9/12/2013,323,115,2,4,3>Country Tobacco is nothing fancy on the outside and is a dang small establishment overall. On the inside, the no frills approach continues. Though, they have an exceptional selection, and the staff was very friendly and helpful with finding exactly what I was looking for!Great walk-in humidor! Again nothing fancy and over the top, but from what I could see they had all the brands I've seen elsewhere. I picked up four RyJ Churchill's for the cool price of 9.50 each. Not bad for a very decent brand of cigar, in comparison to the rest of the competition in the area.So overall, try not to judge this place from the outside/inside much. Similar to how you 'shouldn't judge a book by its cover.'They get what's important right and that's what matters: Price, selection, and customer service
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,9/11/2013,285,275,2,9,4>I'm a little confused about the negative reviews, but fear not, prospective Twin Park members, this gym is a very good value for the money.I have previously worked out at NYSC (overpriced, overcrowded, and not as well-maintained as they used to be) and Equinox (very overpriced, unique/interesting but often overcrowded classes, lots of amenities and fancy add-ons but they just weren't for me....also the older male clientele was, um, creepy).  Twin Park is a gym for those who want a no-nonsense place to get their fitness on.  I come here to weight train and sometimes use one of the cardio machines to warm up.  I don't know much about the classes, but they are also included in the membership fee.  If you're looking for a gym with all the bells and whistles or one with funky Soul-Cyclesque classes, this isn't it.  This is a place to get a good ol' sweat session in.  The locker rooms are pretty decent to boot.  Very nice and helpful staff.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,9/10/2013,52,302,2,10,5>Edit: Went back now that they have their buffet out.  It is the first buffet I had in the area that was not so mild that spice level is undetectable.  The buffet is quite spicy so if you are used to mild buffets you are going to feel it.  I personally like it spicy as it is how the food should be!  Very solid buffet, and very cheap a la carte!Some of you might have read my review about the surprising for this area Time Out To Eat food truck in Port Jefferson Station, This restaurant was opened by them.   I went there on opening day and it was a bit rough around the edges with some work still going on, but they were serving their food truck menu (nothing over $5) and were going to start up their buffet on Monday.       They had a more full menu of extremely cheap indian/pakistani specialties but they were not serving it which was disappointing.  The credit card machine was not hooked up either and I had no cash so I offered to come back with cash.  The owner knows who I am from visiting the truck, and simply said oh you can just pay next time.  A welcome change from the other businesses I frequent often and people do not even remember.  The owner told us she did however have some chicken jhalifrezi (Have no idea how to spell that, just how to say it) and the cheeseburger of the Indian food world, chicken tiki marsala.  The price for this dish was $6!   the food was actually quite good and of sufficient spice.   TOTE truck was known for never skimping on making something of proper spice and I am glad they are going to carry it on.This location was the former location of Kiran Palace, and the area is home to a growing Pakistani population so  I always wondered why restaurants failed here.  The security guard at my job is a member of the Selden Pakistani community and told me that most of them have wives that are excellent cooks so they are not going to go to a restaurant and pay $14 for a curry.  I think too that the very ethnic nature of this area may only attract the adventurous non Indians/Pakistanis.  Look at Curry Club, that place is probably the worst restaurant but is always packed due to its location and obvious name that attracts non subcontinent guests willing to pay $17 for junk.  So yes the ambience will not be incredible, but the prices will and you will get decent food for very cheap.  I think this may be the right strategy for the locals, but I really hope that some non locals come down there too.  If I were going to pay $6 for food, I can get greasy americanized chinese food, a fast food value meal or Indian food?   Hmm it is a no brainer!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,9/9/2013,72,191,5,6,5>"Oh great, another Italian restaurant in Huntington Village, no thanks" pessimistic me said as I watched this go into a spot that had been home in just two years to a failed restaurant and a new restaurant ruined by fire.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  We wandered in here one of the first warm nights of summer when every other restaurant was filled with a gruff 'we have no room', the friendly staff at Doppio was more than happy to accommodate us with their last table for two outside on the sidewalk. The food options go way past the boring 'pizza for one' (although I'm sure they make an awesome plain cheese pizza if that's up your alley). I started with a glass of blended wine although I can't recall the name - it was awesome. They also have a nice wine list with affordable options and for my beer snob eating partner, good local craft beers on tap! On our first visit we decided to share the Gamberi salad - a yummy salad with fresh, big grilled shrimp and a blood orange vinaigrette - um YUM.  This salad is delicious, the flavors pair wonderfully and the shrimp are delicious. I also have to say my favorite thing about this restaurant are the portions - they're just right. Most people loveeeee a huge portion - I don't. I find it to be incredibly wasteful because I end up taking more than half home and never finishing it. Give me better quality, less food, and a more reasonable price. Next we were torn between the Doppio pizza - a pizza with butternut squash purée, mozzarella, and the Bel Haven - mozzarella, Gorgonzola, grilled pear, and truffle oil. We ended up with the Bel Haven because quite honestly it sounded like Jesus reincarnate on a pizza, and it was. I love mozzarella, I love Gorgonzola, I love pear, I love truffle oil, I love pizza  - paired together it is a food porn, there is no classy way to put it. I could die happy after eating that pizza! Try it, if you don't like it, call me. Ill finish it. ( our next trip the next week we tried the doppio pizza - equally as good and flavorful, it's just the bel haven ingredients tickle my fancy) dessert - Nutella pizza with raspberry and banana - it's terrible, don't ever order it. Okay JUST KIDDING it's one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten and I didn't feel completely terrible eating half of a dish meant for four people because it had fruit on it ... So I mean clearly you're getting part of your daily fruit serving. On a serious note, try this place. In a place where so many have failed, Doppio is a gem. Affordable prices, very friendly staff who make you feel comfortable (Kasey, manager Frankie), great portionsAnd awesome food, truly a gem - have a glass of sangria and share a pizza, you won't be disappointed.  I enjoyed this place so thoroughly I have resurrected from my two year plus yelp hiatus just to say so.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,9/8/2013,117,113,2,14,7>This 2nd-son of the Selden Creperie is on Main St in Smithtown where the old Korean BBQ place used to be.  Park around back and use their back-door for convenience.  Inside, it's nice and new - with about 8 tables in the small space.  There are more Nutella jars around this place than decals on a racecar!  A large chalkboard describes their sweet/savory crepes and smoothie offerings.  Possibly due to lack of space though, the board doesn't list prices...  Maybe that's because the crepes are about $8 each?  (I don't have the menu since I left it off at work so we can order breakfast/brunch/lunch in the future, but my bill for the crepe and smoothie came out to about $12).I ordered the Spinach crepe (with goat cheese and dried cranberries) and was really pleased.  It filled my belly for the long night of work ahead, but didn't make me feel bloated.  Also got the watermelon/strawberry/honey smoothie, which was KILLER!The service was super friendly, and even though their card-reader was down at the time of my visit, the manager (who I might have recognized from the Selden location?) had a back-up with a portable-reader ready to use.  They use a delivery service that other local restaurants use, but if I remember correctly they have a service charge of around 10%.  I guess it'd be ok if I was splitting an order with a bunch of people to pay this charge, but on my own I'd rather just take the time out and drive over.I deducted a star for the high-prices, and because the crepes are good but not mind-blowing or really that innovative.  I hope this location does well though, and will be back for sure to try some different kinds.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,9/7/2013,116,147,3,4,4>Going to Bagel Factory is basically my ideal Sunday morning. Sure it's a bit pricey, sure it's a bit slow, but something about the environment is just so cozy and comforting.If you're in the mood for a bagel, there's a ton of different options from salt to french toast to low carb. There's tons of cream cheeses too, although I'm more of an egg sandwich kinda gal and there's plenty to choose from in that department as well. If you're in the mood for a sandwich, there's a full selection here too, all with fun, airport themed names. Tried the Stampede sandwich and it was delicious. Another wonderful thing at Bagel Factory is the salad bar. It's like those places in the city where you choose your lettuce, bring it up to the counter, pick whatever you want added from about 20 different toppings, and watch someone mix and chop your meal before your eyes. So fresh and so custom. Also, there are dried cherries, which are my favorite salad topping EVER. Mmmm. Additionally, there's a to-go fridge loaded with fresh fruit and veggies and a few other items. I tried the cup of berries and, not only was it insanely fresh-tasting, but there wasn't even ONE SINGLE dud blueberry in the whole cup! Not one!The included coffee cup lets you go a little crazy at the counter. It reminds me of how I used to be at a soda fountain when I was 6 or 7. I'd just go nuts, mixing every single thing they had: part Sprite, part Coke, part Diet Coke, part Orange, part Grape, part Mountain Dew, etc. The coffee counter at Bagel Factory is just like that. I start to get that little kid feeling. Last time I mixed 1/2 coffee, 1/6 hot chocolate, 1/6 French Vanilla (French Vanilla what? I'm not sure but I like it), and 1/6 cappuccino. This whole thing will probably lose its novelty in a year or so but, for now, it's exciting and basically a grown up, breakfast version of a soda fountain.All in all, I just love being at this place. And it really seems like whatever you're in the mood for, Bagel Factory's got it and got it right.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,9/6/2013,425,101,4,6,6>I cannot believe that SE-Port Deli was non-existent for twenty-one years of my life, particularly since I started studying at Stony Brook University three long years ago! This establishment is only a short fifteen minute drive from campus.My good ol' friend, J*, dragged me here exclaiming how this small deli was a popular eatery for residents and tourists alike. I was doubtful but quickly, my concerns flew away when she grabbed me by the shoulders, ordered two 'Gasms, and forced me to take my first bite (pushy, isn't she?).When you enter the deli, you will see the seating area on the right and a steady queue on the left. While you're waiting, you can browse the food behind glass panels and workers busy scurrying about. bit.ly/15Yfnvj Aside from the famous 'Gasm sammies, we also ordered two iced teas and rice pudding. All together, I paid a reasonable $26. The 'Gasm is a seductive carnivorous construction that comprises breaded chicken strips, tender bacon, creamy cole slaw, and gooey mozzerella cheese drizzled generously in russian dressing and finally sandwiched between toasted garlic bread. Here's an accurate pic: bit.ly/19aYXDCDude, that one sammie is HUGE. They cut it in half obviously and J* and I shared it but we were stuffed finishing our halved portions!! There was still one whole 'Gasm left (which we doggie-bagged). As we munched through the 'Gasm, we gulped down their homemade iced tea. Yum! bit.ly/11zSVaH  Personally, I'm not a huge fan of chicken or bacon (I've been trying to veer into pescaterianism) but I really did love the garlicky flavor of the bread (which I had mistaken for garlic aoili) and creamy texture of the slaw.Finally, we satiated our sweet tooth with their rice pudding! bit.ly/17yj8uI The rice was nice and thick. Also the vanilla flavour was quite pronounced. It was surprisingly good but nothing to write home about.We left the deli with smiles and smirks when J* told me that we came during a non-rush hour period (2 pm on a weekday) since students and other customers do come in later, congesting the store.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,9/5/2013,273,306,3,4,4>Found my new go-to Greek in the area! Came here on a Tuesday night with a friend for dinner. We were seated immediately, then brought over menus and waters (in really cool glasses) before being asked if we were ready. It was paced a little too quickly for my liking. We hadn't been sitting for more than a minute and a half before being asked if we were ready, then were told to let her know when we decided. I was turned off at the beginning, but service took a turn for the better. I ordered a chicken gyro sandwich with just lettuce and tahini sauce and a piece of spanikopita. My friend ordered the chicken melinzana, which was stuffed eggplants topped with chicken breast, melted mozzarella, and tomato sauce. It was served with a Greek salad, pita bread, and rice pilaf. She really enjoyed her dish, and I enjoyed mine as well, and will continue to do so for at least another day since the serving was so large I barely put a dent in it. The waitress came over to ask how our meal was many times during, which was very nice. After we packed our leftovers to go, she asked if we'd like to see a dessert menu. I said yes, because I wanted to bring something home for my boyfriend, but she joked and said she shouldn't allow me since I didn't finish my dinner. She was a gem.With everything our bill came to &41.50. So reasonable for the amount of food we received! I see many trips to this establishment in my future!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,9/4/2013,438,124,9,10,9>Swallow is freakin good! Like REALLY REALLY good. I wish I went there on an empty stomach, but we had just come from a cheese, wine, and olive oil tasting and I was already kind of pushing full. I obviously have to five star it though because Yelp pointed me in the awesome direction of this adorable, garage sized, dimly lit restaurant. Drew A., Kathryn W., and I split the following:Burrata with pesto (nom nom nom nom) Love me some burrata.Thai Calamari- sweet and spicy glaze, scallions, and peanuts. Just awesome. So different from what you'd expect out of calamari, but it was outstanding.Hummus and Pita bread- I love hummus, I love pitas bread.Chicken Tostada- had a homemade hot sauce and queso fresco. This was unexpectedly awesome.Mac & Cheese- Asiago cheese, bacon, peas, and orzo..... This was OBVIOUSLY AWFUL. Just kidding it was delicious, and I couldn't wait to try it after seeing it in a previous Yelp Weekly!Short rib with rigatoni pasta- I'm not normally a short rib kinda person, but this dish was delicious. It had peas and some sort of brown wine sauce.We sat at the bar because the place is so small. It seems that you need reservations no matter what day of the week!Ryan the bartender was awesome, and my unsweetend iced tea was fresh brewed and super delicious as well. I'm extremely excited to check out the new Swallow East when I head out to Montauk this summer.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,9/3/2013,218,126,5,8,7>Let's just all take a moment of silence that I have officially achieved a big YELP milestone, the big 100th REVIEW!!! (I will also apologize for the absolute longest review I have ever written, but it's worth it!)Chic restaurant that just makes you swoon!I've been saving this review for two special reasons:1. All this time I was wondering who Elaine was, and how she must be this  girl with crazy hot legs. Well at least that's what my imagination has made up.2. My experience was so over the top, I wanted this review to really portray how amazing this establishment really was.I first would like to cheers to one of the most perfect meals I have had. As soon as you walk into Elaine's Bistro, you feel like you are walking into a NYC hotspot. It is trendy, classy, and everything in between. Let me preface this with that the service at Elaine's was PERFECT. It was attentive, yet not intrusive. It was well-timed, smoothly executed, and just all around helpful! This made our experience personalized, and when everything runs smoothly without a hitch, it allows the patrons to enjoy the meal with the group as opposed to worrying about the service. We didn't even know they were there, but they appeared out of nowhere and were always there when we needed them.We came to Elaine's to celebrate my best friend's birthday. Being an avid yelper, I had bookmarked this restaurant, and finally made an excuse to make the trip over to Great Neck. We were nothing short of impressed. A few of our friends arrived before the others, and there was a cute little bar near the entrance. The drinks were strong, and tasty. YUM! When our party arrived, we were seated promptly, and being a Thursday it wasn't packed at all. We got a corner booth, absolutely cozy! We ordered 2 rounds of drinks before realizing that we could take Saki Bombs! Two hours later, 5 saki bombs later, we were helplessly in love with Elaine's. Now let's get to the food (as if you didn't already know I was in love with this place.)FOOD: Great for Vegetarians & Non-Vegetarians alike! There is even a Gluten-free menu, you just have to call ahead and ask, because I don't think it's online. Since half our party was vegetarians, it was very nice to not struggle to accommodate them! Appetizers: We got edamame, calamari, and spring rolls! ALL DELICIOUS, I really wanted to try more of the Non-Veg dishes because they all looked so good, but all the reason to come back again soon!Entrees: Let me just say there was so much to pick from, I just wanted to TRY everything on the menu, I wish there was a tasting menu for this place! In any case we got two Pad Thai dishes, one curry dish, and two orders of dumplings. Everything was scrumptious!!!! Nothing less than 10 stars for the amazing food! Let me also say that everything was so reasonably priced!!!! Why did I not discover this place sooner?!?Their extensive and expansive menu caters to all eaters. Seriously, look at the menu, I'm not lying. I dare you you to prove me wrong.Let me finish this review with stating that when we split the bill (since we shared mostly everything), none of us paid more than $40. For our 6 rounds of drinks and food?!?! Impossible?! I wasn't arguing. That, and I was too tipsy, and happy to question everything that was amazing. Take Home Point: PERFECTION, add it to your list, walk there, bike there, drive there immediately if you want happiness in your life. You think I'm kidding, but I'm not. Looking forward to going there again soon! HAPPY EATING!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,9/2/2013,58,82,,13,3>This place has the best dosas (South Indian crepes) on Long Island.  It gets filled up on weekends at peak lunch or dinner time (1-2.30PM) and (7.30-9PM).  Expect around 20-30 minutes wait then.  This place is vegetarian but I never miss anything when I'm here.  Huge menu with many options from dosas to other South Indian dishes.The Bhel Puri appetizer which I usually get is awesome.  Puffed rice mixed with onions, cilantro, a bit of fresh cut tomatoes, green chilies in a tangy sweet spicy tamarind and date sauce.  Wow, what a treat!  If you could taste the Fourth of July fireworks,  this is what it would be like.The dosas, which are the main attraction in a South Indian restaurant, are pretty good as well and come in several types:  the masala dosa which comes rolled with mildly spiced potatoes and sides of spicy chutneys.  The plain dosa is just the crepe and chutneys (no potatoes).  The Mysore masala dosa is one where the crepe is layered with a spicy paste. All are great just depends on your tastes.  While the other dishes are also good, I stick to dosas here most of the time.  The service is incredibly fast.  Expect them to have your food out very quickly but they don't rush you out.  The North Indian and South Indian cuisine are very different and distinct,  some can say like the North and South shores of Long Island.  The House of Dosa is the Hamptons of the South Indian cuisine and at a bargain.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,9/1/2013,65,130,1,4,1>It's not often that I can give a place 5 stars, but I'm happy that I can and will for Passione.My friend and I were hungry and around the Roosevelt Field area; we decided to stop into Red Lobster because their biscuits are delicious and because their biscuits are delicious.  Walking in, there was no less than 10 people waiting by the door in front of me and 30 more just hanging out by the front.  I saw a young kid pass by me as I waited to put my name, he told his father that the wait time was 1 hour and 15min.  Needless to say we decided that the biscuits were good but not that good.  We walked down a few store fronts to Passione where we were told the wait time was 20min.  This was far more acceptable than the insane hour plus over at Red Lobster.  We were seated in just under 15min, which was a nice surprise.We were sat in the back dinning room.  The ambiance there is nice.  There are some cozy booths for larger parties that are elevated from the rest of the floor and a very beautiful, room long, painting of the canals in Italy.  My only issue was that the table we were sat at had an a/c vent right above it.  It wasn't a deal breaker, but the table was def chillier than we wanted it to be.The food was delicious.  I had a lobster ravioli and she had a shrimp dish thing.  Both were scrumptious.  The food did take a bit longer to come than we wanted (probably due to their being so busy), but the waiter recognized this and brought us out a small restaurant style pizza to tie us over.  The pizza was one of the best I had ever had and it was excellent service that he brought something out for us to nosh on without us having to say anything about how long we had been there.After dinner we considered dessert, but couldn't find anything we really wanted.  We got the check, but there was something extra.  It was two free dessert samples.  This pleasant surprise was refreshing as it cleansed our pallet.  The experience at Passione was most excellent.  If you're looking for a great Italian restaurant and are in Nassau, then I would most def recommend you get a table here.  I'll certainly be returning soon.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,8/31/2013,38,221,6,5,5>I'll tell you the whole story, since I'm so inclined to praise my experience at Roast.Picture this: Me - hungry. I call up my friend (a fellow yelper, who no doubt will be putting up his own review quite soon) and ask him if he's up for lunch? Sure thing he says. Great.I pick him up. This is when the fun starts. You see, in the general vicinity of where we live, there are very very (I am not kidding) VERY limited options, and even more so if you want something even remotely above average to place into your mouth (for the immature, that is your cue to laugh at the pun; unintended).I tell him, listen...how about something different than the unbearably boring and underwhelming usual spots around here? He says, yes, and he couldn't agree more!So there we are, in my car, thinking about what we should do. Both of us are on our smart phones, googling away, yelping away, urban spooning away...you get the idea.I was not about to waste another Friday lunch on yet another tasteless meal.We were sitting and searching for what felt like forever. There were issues with every place we found. Too far? Yes. Closing soon? Check. We were beginning to feel hopeless. It was 20 to 2. We agreed that if by 2 we couldn't come to terms of where to go, we would stay local (ughhh)!!! But alas, it appeared that we struck gold. A search had brought my friend to a place called "Roast Sandwich House." I was intrigued. I scoured the menu. I thought that it seemed like what we were looking for. What was next, you ask? Melville, here we come; hungry and eager.After arriving, I could not have felt more pleased. The decor was absolutely lovely. Bright and exuberant with green walls. The parking was tight, but who cares at this point. To me, it had the quintessential Hamptons feel to it. I swear that if it was possible to somehow physically pick this sandwich shop up and relocate it to the Hamptons, it would fit in seamlessly. Inside it is small but spacious with several tables.The menu was filled with different things we wanted to try, but we had to make our selections. I chose the Philly Cheese Steak with a side of hand cut fries. My friend had ordered the honey bbq grilled chicken wrap and a side of sweet potato tater tots.YUM!!!! My cheese steak was juicy, light, and left me wanting more. My friend and I had exchanged a half of our sandwich for the others' so we could each try two different offerings. My friend's panini was off the hook! Delicious! The sweet potato tater tots...sprinkled with sugar...to die for. Could have had them as a snack all on their own (the regular fries were perfect as well and came with a spicy mayo sauce)!So as you can tell, we both loved Roast, and we will be back again!! Extra credit just for the fact that such a place exists out here on the Island (that's not in the Hamptons)!!!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,8/30/2013,264,355,2,5,5>The end of the 118 mile island known as Long Island, from Brooklyn to Montauk, this is the finish line. Getting here is the hard part especially during the summer time, Hampton traffic can be a nightmare. The best view of the end isn't actually at the Lighthouse itself but at a lookout just before entering the park. If you have a ticket from the Lighthouse you can enter with no fee. After a bit of walking you see the lighthouse from a few hundred yards away aka photo opp. Once you cross the Verazzano Bridge or the Midtown Tunnel and or the Triboro/Whitestone people don't realize that their officially on an Island. However you look at it, its amazing to realize that at the exact opposite part of Montauk, is Brooklyn, two very separate worlds yet its the same piece of land. Go to the end, and you will have a sudden appreciation for the outdoors, the fresh air, as well as the Atlantic.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,8/29/2013,69,200,5,7,6>So tried their wings this week in addition to my Bacon Cheeseburger.  The burger was as good as I had come to expect.  The buttered roll and homemade patty really makes this a wonderful burger event.The wings, meh.  Firstly you can tell these were precooked a while ago and then sauced to order.  If done well this is not an issue but their process (whatever it is) does not create a good wing.  The meat is tough and chewy and cool on the inside.  The temperature on the outside seems like it come from the heat of the sauce being put on the outside more than actually being freshly prepared.  Since burgers are their core competency and these are done so well, as are the fries I'm staying with four stars.  Others may disagree but I really like the burgers.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/28/2013,78,386,3,6,3>A local go-to for happy hour in the region. I don't know what time HH starts, but it ends at 7. In the meantime, you can get half off drinks. All their beers are originals (made in-house)...aka yum. I love the pumpkin spice beer (only during the Fall time), and the 7-grain stout (I dare say, it is almost yummier than Guiness). Their appetizers are always a nice touch too. I like their wings and nachos.Get the Pumpkin Spice! The rim is lined with the perfect amt of sugary-spice to bring out the spices in the beer. That's my advice. Sorry, you'll have to wait until this October.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/27/2013,122,107,5,6,5>What a wonderful little gem hidden in the middle of Long Island (a part of me hopes it stays that way just so it doesn't get over-crowded). I recently moved to the area from going to school in the Midwest where everyone was super friendly, and I have to admit that I never thought I'd find that again outside of the Midwest.  Well, I have to say, this gym certainly has proved me wrong.  While everyone else on Long Island can be super entitled and snarky, the owner, Frank, and everyone else who works here seems to genuinely care about their clients/customers.All 4 Fitness (according to the name on their main door... rather than All 4 Sports and Fitness as listed here) may not have a pool, sauna, or jacuzzi, but they offer the latest in equipment as well as really clean facilities.  They also offer group fitness classes that vary from resistance training to Zumba to yoga. And though I'm sure they have to pay their bills, the company isn't out to get you.  In fact, they're willing to work with you if you're a student or just in the area for an extended period of time.Thanks for being a breath of fresh air, All 4 Fitness!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,8/26/2013,145,285,4,7,4>Finally made it to The Phoenix on Saturday March 30th after reading so many positive reviews from my Yelp friends and it was a great experience.  We wanted to sample as many dishes as possible so we went with the small plates menu.Earth:Seasonal "Pickle" Jar: Beets - love pickled beets and these were greatPotato Coins, Garlic, Parmesan, Truffle Oil - holy crap these were so good, nice and crispy and gotta love the truffle oil, yum!Chickpea Fries, Garlic-Lemon Aioli - really cool concept, loved the fries and the aioli was just the perfect compliment and really kicked up to another levelLand:Corned Beef, Red Cabbage & Apple Kraut, Mustard-Horseradish Au Jus - some of the most tender and flavorful corned beef complimented with delicious red cabbage - more please!!Short Rib Ragout, Tagliatelle Pasta, Goat Cheese Demi-Glace, Blistered Tomatoes - the only dish that lacked the wow factor, it was good but just seemed to be lacking something to make it truly memorable Sea:Gorgonzola Shrimp, Baby Spinach, Bacon Lardons, Garlic Crostini - another show stopper on our tour of their menu - so freakin good, Gorgonzola was rich and creamy with small chunks of bacon, perfectly cooked shrimp atop a spinach covered crostini - this dish was licked clean!Crawfish Stuffed Pequillo Pepper, Chorizo, Creole Gravy, Herbed Cream - very tasty, the coolest stuffed pepper I've ever had, the stuffing was well mixed with some small chunks of crawfish but the flavors blended together for a delicious tango!Desserts:Fried Bread Pudding, Banana Caramel, Cinnamon Crème Anglaise (ala mode as suggested by our server) - seems like everyone raves about this and it was heaven!  If French toast and zeppoles had a baby it would be this fried bread pudding - warm, crispy, sweet and just plain delicious!!  And the vanilla ice cream was excellent and a perfect compliment to the richness of the dessert.Seasonal Cobbler: Apples, Blackberries, Brown Sugar Crumbles, Vanilla Ice Cream -  the fruit and the ice cream were great but the brown sugar crumbles was more like a brittle then a crumble and the crunchiness was more then I wanted.  A softer texture would have been better but the flavor was great.Great beer and wine selection.  The service was excellent.  Price was also very reasonable as we had 7 small plates plus 2 desserts, 2 beers and 2 glasses of wine for $105 - that's a good deal in my book for an all around stellar dining experience!!  Can't wait to go back and try more!!  One more experience like this and the 4 star review can easily become a 5!!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/25/2013,382,325,9,10,8>Swings is FINALLY open after the storm!  Come support these guys, Sully is amazing and did so much for the community - plus, the bar is bigger now AND the floor is "waterproof"...aka, "johanna g. proof"We came here memorial day weekend after they opened...and ate our faces off.  Literally, we each got a ton of food to eat, and none was left over.  I'd never been so happy to eat brisket and mac and cheese in my life (well..every time I eat that from swings i'm a happy, happy girl).  The Storm may have closed em down for a whle, but they certainly did NOT forget how to cook.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,8/24/2013,95,270,8,6,6>Someone recently asked me "Where do you hang out"? I struggled for an answer and just kind of tilted my head away. Hmmm. Where do I hang out? After agonizing my brain for an answer, I finally figured it out! I hang out at Fairway! That's right! Fairway!Yesterday I spent 35 minutes in the salt section trying to figure out if I wanted to buy Finishing Salt, Flake Salt, Hawaian Salt, Himalayan Salt, French Sea Salt, Dead Sea Salt, Celtic Sea Salt, Grinder Salt ,Kosher Salt, Organic Salt, Smoked Salt, Iodized Salt or ordinary Table Salt. I must have made 4 decisions and changed my mind just as many times. Then I came home and researched Salts. That sort of thing doesn't happen when you shop at ShopRite or King Kullen. The Market is 68,000 square feet. Inside those squares are the usual grocery  items you would find in any food store plus specialty shops such as: cheese, deli, bread, bakery, fish, coffee, homemade mozzarella, sushi, smoked fishes, olive oil, florist, butcher, Kosher and organic to name just a few. Plus the largest produce section ever.In the middle of this massive warehouse is a cafe featuring house made hot and cold stations. They also make chopped salads and sammys. I am so happy they opened in Westbury. I used to drive 15 minutes to do my food shopping at the Plainview location. This is new and fresh and clean and wonderful.PS if you're curious, I choose a Celtic Sea Salt. And it's just dandy!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,8/23/2013,234,238,4,9,7>Crepe in Port Jefferson. Instant hit!!! The Owners of Ralph's Italian ices opened another dessert/meal place. Good lord they know there desserts and they know how to make them. This is going to be another gold mine for them when the season opened up shortly. I asked if they can get some Italian ices from Ralph's and add it to a crepe flavor. I hope it may come true. Heck I can purchase a ice or ice cream flavor and add it to a crepe. You can also take your crepe TOGO, another awesome idea and concept especially for the tourist. Keep in mind folks its only March and freezing. I am sure this will hit hard in April until Nov. Be prepared for some lines.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,8/22/2013,40,234,8,5,4>This visit I really went for it.  I put my life and cholesterol on the line and dove into the deep fryer like a son of a b*tch.  To kick it off...Fried Pickles...and not those weak, soggy chip style fried pickles you might order up at the Ground Round (are they even around anymore?...probably not b/c their fried pickles probably sucked).  These fried wedges of heaven were  quality pickles dipped in a tasty batter, deep fried into crispy deliciousness and served up with a sriracha aioli.  Say whaaaaaat?For my entree...Fish and Chips.  Yeah, the ones I only had a small taste of on my last trip through GHT's doors.  This time they were all mine and no samples for my companions.Dessert...yes I had dessert at 5 o'clock...don't judge me...Ice Box Key Lime Pie.  Bursting with flavor...you can actually see the bits of lime zest suspended in the frosty utopia!  It's just awesome. I've already told my wife where I want to go for my birthday this year.  See you in the Fall.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,8/21/2013,149,241,2,5,4>This is another one of my go to places for sit down/take out chinese food. It is more upscale than your average take out joint and the food really is fantastic. This place has been around for quite some time and the food never disappoints. My favorite is the generals chicken which is always flavored to perfection and always the best tasting meat.If you're looking to try a new spot set your destination to here, you will not have a bad meal!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,8/20/2013,140,162,5,11,7>A year ago, I might have given Kado a three-star review. A few months ago, a four. Now my dear Kado, I am upgrading you to the coveted five-star status. The magical roll is just that. Magical. I don't want to even venture out into new roll territory because I love this roll so much. It is comprised of eggplant, spicy tuna, avocado and a sweet miso glaze. Oh boy, could I go for this roll right now. Awesome. The spicy girl roll is also very good. Spicy salmon, tuna, yellowtail and avocado with crunch. Mmmmm! The black pepper tuna roll was also good, as was the Eric roll (this was a special so I don't remember what exactly was on it - you can check the board upon entering). Edamame and green tea is pretty standard. The interior leaves a bit to be desired. I don't know if I am a fan of the neon and disco ball upon entering, but it doesn't really bother me THAT much. The service was really great one time, and then another time, the waitress remarked a few times that we must be hungry, saying, "You ordered so much food! Are you going to eat all of that?" Umm...yes, yes we are. Two special rolls, two regular rolls, and an order of edamame split between two people. Is this a lot of food? Is this pigging out on sushi times? I'd like to think not, because this is typically what we order at whatever sushi joint we happen to hit up when the sushi craving calls. Although sometimes we swap out the edamame for steamed dumplings. Mmmm...steamed dumplings. Anyway, sushi here is wonderful, atmosphere is OK and service has the chance to be wonderful. But please, fellow sushi patrons, I am curious to see if what we order is over abundant. See photos for reference, and if you love eggplant you absolutely MUST order the magical roll - one of my favorite rolls from any sushi restaurant on the island.*Note: check out the coupon books for savings. 10% if paying by card, and 15% if paying cash. Starving artists need sushi too!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,8/19/2013,31,251,4,10,5>Fish store under new management......We stopped in here to see what the "new" fish store was like. We met the owner Chris and he explained his plans and policy. They sell only no-soak shrimp, and he explained why. (all natural, no chemicals)There was an abundant amount of fish in many varieties, all fresh looking with lots of clams, and other seafood too. We bought the sushi-grade tuna for dinner and it was so fresh and delicious grilled that evening. We also ordered fish sandwiches for lunch, to go, and they came with fries. The bread was fresh and the fish was cooked perfectly, not deep fried, but cooked like you would fry it at home. The sandwich was delicious although the fries were somewhat soggy.There is an outdoor sitting area with umbrellas, and the sign says they will have live music, so check the schedule. We will definitely return! I'm glad we have a nice fish store in the area again.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,8/18/2013,237,506,2,6,3>I have been struggling with where to take my little girl for a haircut.  She got her "first haircut" somewhere locally that was horrible - half ass and expensive.  I've heard of a place further east, but I do not leave a 2 mile radius from my house and that was just not an option.  A neighbor then recommended this place for kids haircuts saying how great it was and that it's very affordable.  The first time I attempted to come here for a haircut, it was a Monday and they were closed.  This time I planned ahead and arrived as soon as they opened at 10am this morning.  We didn't have an appointment, but that was no problem.  They took us right in.Wow!  I am floored by the amazing experience I just had taking my 3 year old daughter here for a haircut.  I don't even know where to begin.  Let's see.  Well first of all, the place itself is AWESOME.  It's interior decorator deserves some kind of award for how gorgeous and kid friendly it is.  Zebra print, hot pink, black and white checkerboard floors, flatscreen TV's everywhere with the Disney Channel on.  The kids get to sit in a Power Wheels car on a stick, basically, while getting their haircut.  Another thing that stood out was the fact that this place was CLEAN.  I'd even go as far as saying it was immaculate.  There are also plenty of toys to play with that are also for sale and not outrageously priced like I thought it would be when I first walked in.  I bought my daughter two $1.25 Disney Princess and Hello Kitty pens because it was worth it and not $5 each like I was afraid they might be.Onto the haircut... Kim cut my daughter's hair and was so awesome with her.  Aside from being super nice and patient, she also gave her a damn good haircut.  My 1 year old son was running amok, leaving a wake of destruction all over the store but the workers were so understanding and really made me feel at ease as I chased around after him.  The owner/manager was so sweet, she was even finding toys for him to play with.  Ok, so after a super fantastic haircut, Kim then takes my daughter to the other room where she gets a manicure (this is included with the price of a haircut - $21 - can't beat it!!)  This is, by far, the coolest part for a little girl.  She gets to pick from a wide array of colors and get her nails painted.  After that, the kid gets a huge balloon on a stick to come home with.  The experience was so great, the haircut is just a bonus.  They've only been open for 9 months so far, so they better stick around!  In a few years when she's old enough, you can bet I will be having her birthday parties here every single year.   Parking is easy in private lot, right next to Gymboree.  Check it out, you're gonna love it.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/17/2013,90,119,3,18,7>Solid 4.5 Stars for the Brunch I had the other day and I rounded up to 5 because I think this place has the potential to compete with Maureen's. BLTs vs. Javier's.. that's kinda tough. I think BLTs will still win for me.I had the Orange Pancakes with Toasted Almonds and Fresh Bananas. They were so good (and perfectly done) they didn't need butter. I only used syrup. My mom got 2 eggs over medium, white toast, home fries, and corned beef hash. The corned beef hash came highly recommended by a coworker of hers and honestly it wasn't anything special. She told her it was homemade. I've had homemade at BLTs and they do not by any means get it fine as the can. This was canned with peppers and onions in it. So we'll call it semi-homemade corned beef hash. Her eggs looked beautifully done. So I can't wait to go back and try their eggs or a sandwich for lunch.Service was quick and attentive. My mom wanted a decaf coffee and our waitress told my mom she'll start a new pot since it had been sitting for a little. Other great thing about Javier's unlike Maureen's they take debit. Score!!!PS - I read on the menu if you want something different it looks like they'll accommodate your craving/needs. Super brownie points on this one.So good luck Javier's. I cannot wait to come back to try some more!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,7/9/2013,59,84,,4,2>This place is a beer lover's paradise! A bit pricey but well worth it. The flights were a great way to try different beers and decide which pints you want. And as a huge jazz enthusiast, I went today (Sunday), and they had live jazz music. Super plus for me. This may just be a weekly spot from now on.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,7/8/2013,113,134,2,2,2>Things Remembered offers some neat gift ideas that people tend to genuinely appreciate- it's perfect when you need to give a commemorative gift to a speaker or visitor, a teacher or professor, or for events like graduations or weddings when people actually want a date engraved into things. I think the picture frames are a particularly good buy- they're all pretty reasonably priced and look classy, and you can stick a nice picture in and be done. For friends, the champagne flutes are lovely. One tip: always get the engraving filled in (ebony is the darkest color option) so the text is easier to read! Once I did not do this, and it looked a lot cheaper/ tackier. Engraving pricing is by the number of words, so be judicious with your message if you don't wanna tack more digits to your bottom line! This location is super efficient and most of the service is good and helpful. If you place your order, they pretty much have it ready for you in less than an hour. Not a bad turn around! One weird thing here is that when you walk in, no one will help you or acknowledge you. I think maybe they want you to feel comfortable browsing/ not intimidated into buying things, but it can be a bit hard to catch someone's attention.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,7/7/2013,158,144,3,6,5>This has the perfect combo for me: GREAT prices, quality and decor! For the price of a regular Chinese take out you get REAL food, like wow that is chicken. The sauces are all seasoned nicely and they use real ingredients! My husband got the General Tso's and it was lightly breaded (not an inch of breading with 2 mm of chicken!!) with a sweet, but not syrupy sauce! It tasted of honey....for real honey. I had chicken with eggplant, it was a special. (Got it for under $10! FOR REAL!) It was delicious! A delicate brown sauce with chicken and eggpI would have been cool with your standard stuff at that price...it also included a soup and an egg roll. Seriously we spent like $24 for my husband and I to eat dinner and have an appetizer! It was so much food I had some for lunch the next day!.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,7/6/2013,113,382,3,3,3>now we are talking!this my yelping friends is A REAL DINERbooths, tables, glass case filled with cakes and pastriescanvas awning keeps you dry as you walking the walkway into this lovely dinerwe were here a few days after Christmas and the place is loaded with holiday decorationsour waitress was super friendly and coffee warmed at just the right timeyummy french toast made with their home made challahwell presented eggs, with piping hot toast (the way it should be)and this place is a winner for breakfastI know I will be back
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,7/5/2013,371,182,5,16,9>Five star seafood, that right, I said it five stars!This place is a rare find. The atmosphere is like a small roadside diner. U-shaped seating around the grill. The staff were very friendly and very accommodating. This place has a lot of history and you feel that as soon as you walk in the door.  I've been here about a dozen times already and I love this place. The seafood is prepared right in front of you and I was impressed with the cleanliness of the operation. As I'm looking over the menu I see at least three people walk in the door and order the New England clam chowder to go. Then I hear the couple next to me talking about it. That's it, I'm sold.  Bring me a cup. Cups are to stay, bowls are to go, it says it on the menu, so don't look for a bowl to stay. The chowder was thick and creamy. So delicious. Lots of clams and even and occasional kernel of corn. Don't forget the oyster crackers to top it off. Highly recommended. ($5.25/cup)I followed it up with a small order of onion rings ($3.99) Freshly battered and fried to order, the perfect compliment to the meal. Not too filling. The onion are super thinly sliced, I loved them. I shared the small order and there was plenty for the both of us. On to the main course, seafood on a bun. I chose the shrimp burger with fries. The sandwich platters come with a choice os homemade French fries, homemade cole slaw, or lettuce and tomato salad. I couldn't resist the fries. I watched how they soaked up the excess oil after frying by putting the fries on a towel. Much appreciated since I was already overdoing the fried thing today. The shrimp on a bun came with 6 shrimp, tails already removed. This was a big portion. You will not leave hungry, trust me. No fancy plates here, it's strictly paper plates. But who cares, the food is so amazing. You don't want to miss this place. You have to try this place the next time you are in the mood for seafood. You won't be disappointed. I'll be back, soon.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,7/4/2013,186,337,4,4,3>Dear Nagahama:Thank you for making the best spicy tuna roll I've ever had in my life.  Additionally, thank you for serving Jake in your restaurant.  There are a lot of sushi places that don't serve that, and knowing you have it, makes me so happy! And one more thing, your terryaki mushroom skewers are fantastic, a real gem.I cannot wait to go back and try even more.  Sincerely, Lauren S.Yelp, Long Island
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,7/3/2013,102,354,2,7,5>Quality. Service. Family.Thats what this place isOutstanding service, that makes you feel like your at home. Italian home that is!Incredible menu.. Dont see what you want on the menu? Ask them to make you something you do want and they always say yes! My dad never orders off the menu and whatever he gets is always amazing. There is not much to say other then the food is never a disappointment. We always go here in bigs group so to sought through each item on the list would be a waste. There food is one of a kind, and so is there dessert! They surprise you with a big dessert menu as well that is grounded in italian routes, but also has some more americanized options. It is just an incredible dining experience. The only somewhat negative thing I would say about it would be that I do not think they have the 'best' vodka sauce. It is good dont get me wrong, but I can say I have had better of that.But really, go here. Especially if you are looking for a Family Style dinner option, there is nothing like this place.Yum!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,7/2/2013,153,67,9,13,6>Jordans has been a shrine of great seafood my entire life, although when I was younger we'd just buy our seafood here to take home.  Not until the last few years have I actually eaten here and this joint is by FAR the best around here for your seafood/shellfish cravings.It's a friggin' shame that most of Long Island is covered in waterfront bars and restaurants that figure,"Oh, we got the waterfront view, everyone comes here, gets drunk, we don't have to serve good food."  Well Jordans is all about the food.AND....for what it is, it's craaaazy cheap.  Virtually everywhere will have specials for clams on the half shell at $1 a clam for a few hours on certain days.  Jordans doesn't have that because a dozen are only $11.95 ALL the time and their clams are fresher and cleaner than their competition (they don't really have competition in my estimation).Their lobster bisque is stupid, and I mean STOOOPID good.  I'm not a fan of everyone always describing things as,"THE BEST EVER!!!" and "The best I've ever had" but I have to be quite honest.....I can't think of ever having lobster bisque that was better or even as good as here.  Each time I've went I've always bought a few quarts of it to take home.  It's just that good and pure bliss. All their seafood dishes are fantastic, but the light obviously shines on their lobsters.  They're not like most places that give a small scrawny lobster for $40-$50.  Generally, for around $40 (market price changes but seems to hover around this mark) you can get a 3lb lobster.  Let me repeat that.  You can get a THREE POUND LOBSTER!!!My ONE gripe with this place, which isn't that big of a deal and only a personal preference...their steamers.  The steamers themselves are great quality (just like everything else), but the broth is seasoned and flavored, you know, peppers and onions, that kind of thing.  I'm a puritan when it comes to steamers.  I think this would be important to know if you prefer your steamers traditional.The decor inside is quaint and....cute I suppose.  Certainly not fancy or showy but fits what they are perfectly.   Their outside deck also doesn't have the best view in the area since it's a small canal, and the deck itself isn't all dressed up and done fancy, schmancy, but it really doesn't need to be.  It is WAY more than nice enough to be enjoyed while noshing their badass seafood.  When I think summer this place is one of the first things pop in my head.  If you haven't been there yet you should smack yourself.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,7/1/2013,341,504,,19,9>Finally, a place in Floral Park where I can feel comfortable eating a fine meal and drinking a delicious craft cocktail. Recently I attended the soft grand opening to experience some of their small plates and signature cocktails.First, allow me to say that the decor is exquisite. Prohibition era motif with a modern flare. Rich dark oak hardwood floors.High vaulted tin ceilings. 18th amendment decor and art work. Marble has the feel of a Manhattan speakeasy with the rich accents of an upscale steak house.The passed hors d'oeuvres were:salmon tartar on a crisp cucumbershrimp cocktail on a stick with a sweet cocktail sauce with mangodry aged sliced sirloin on a brioche toast pointsHomemade bruschetta on garlic toastWhile the food was very delectable, the staff and service was superb. The bartenders were extremely efficient, albeit a crowded bar. The signature cocktails (I had the maple old fashioned) was outstanding!They also have a wide selection of craft bourbon and ryeI am looking forward to going back when they open so that I can sample their awesome menu!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,6/30/2013,63,314,,4,4>What a great venue on the island.  Although it doesn't have some of the feel of the Bowery or Irving, it reminds you of both, and you don't have to trek into the city.  What's also great is that the Paramount really tries to bring in some great acts.  I've been here about 6 times so far, and will continue to show up for concerts as long as the acts show up. What's also great is it's right in the middle of town, so getting food and drinks before or after is extremely easy.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,6/29/2013,83,85,,11,3>Clean, well-kept, and well-organized, this no-kill shelter often has puppies as well as adult, last-chance death-row dogs. They cherry-pick high-potential adoptable dogs from kill shelters and give them a bit more time to find a home. All breeds are found here, and dogs of all sizes find what is hopefully only a temporary shelter in the humane, decently sized indoor/outdoor runs, which are akin to those found at dog-boarding facilities.Volunteers here are very dedicated, and are in and out often, socializing and playing with the dogs and constantly working to get them into home-ready frames of mind. They truly care about what they do, and are impassioned about finding not just A home but the RIGHT home for their animals. Some people may complain about the home-checks and owner screenings, but in the long run, the animals are put first ... which is how it should be. That's actually why most of the workers there are volunteers instead of paid employees -- because the money goes back to the animals and not to people just doing a "job."The cattery has over 300 cats living there communally, leaving adopters the pick of many litters in all sizes, shapes and colors.Little Shelter is highly active in our community, so attend events, donate, and adopt when you're ready to bring a buddy home. They bring cats and dogs to bigger events, and also sponsor a weekly Bingo as well as stop at scattered Petcos every week. So DON'T SHOP -- ADOPT!!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,6/28/2013,301,223,12,10,9>As soon as I stepped through the automatic doors of Uncle Giuseppe's, I knew I was in grave danger. It was 7pm-ish, the last thing I had eaten was a terrible hospital cafeteria soup at noon. On my first visit, I had to really keep myself from buying and eating everything. I'm not from around here, and I know this is a chain... But still, I love this place and they deserve a review. Ten Reasons why Uncle Giuseppe is the best uncle ever: 1. He has pizza ready when you walk in. What a guy! You don't even have to be hungry but it's hard to resist a fresh slice. Grab a slice, take a stroll around.2. He is quite the gregarious host with his free samples. Cousin Costco ain't got nothing on Uncle Giuseppe.. There are free samples everywhere -- cheese, meats, desserts, pastries. If Uncle Giuseppe has it, he wants you to try it. 3. He seems to be BFFs with the best farmers. Perhaps the track lighting in combination with the cheesy fake flaming torches on the Pantheon-resembling ruins on the ceiling, has a magical way of illuminating the food  with perfectly-colored freshness. But who knew tomatoes could look so red and juicy in the dead of Long Island winter? Great selection of fresh produce that trumps Stop 'n shop even on a bad day. 4. He has Grandma Giuseppe busy at work stocking the homemade pasta section in the back right corner. What a great assortment of ravioli, gnocchi, and various pasta. I've given up on making my own gnocchi when perfect tasting gnocchi is so readily available.5. He fries seafood like it's nobody's business. If you're craving fried anything from the sea, Uncle Giuseppe has it ready for you to take it to go. 6. He wants you to take the day off and still have a good home-cooked meal. Besides all the cured meats you can get your hands on, his deli counter has great pasta salads, piles of homemade meatballs, eggplant parm, lasagna. You can have a delicious Italian homemade food from your microwave.  7.  He is watching out for your health. Uncle Giuseppe doesn't want you eating regular peanut butter with all the fats and preservatives. He has an organic peanut butter and almond butter machine just for you (near cheese shop). Yum!8.  Uncle Giuseppe cares about your bone density and wants to make sure you have enough calcium, thus he created a massive cheese shop heaven. Not just limited to Italian formaggio, there's a fantastic selection of French formage, Spanish queso and even German käse (yeah I had to look that up.).9. He also wants you to live a little and savor in some delectable olives (in moderation, of course). His olive section is outta control. I'd eat more if I wasn't so scared of hypertension. 10. The real highlight of this store though is the super-friendly and helpful staff. I feel like Uncle Giuseppe must have some sort of pep-talk with everyone every day. For example, Giovanni the cheese guy always is willing to help pick out cheese and he has a great palate for stinky and sharp cheese. The cashiers wait for you at the end of their lines to usher you through. The only downside is the sad wine section, literally a small rack of sangria and maybe 3-4 reds and whites to choose from. Really disappointing, but luckily there's a wine/liquor shop a couple doors down. I used to say that I need to live by Trader Joe to survive, but I'm beginning to think Uncle Giuseppe is my new go-to grocer!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,6/27/2013,43,148,3,8,6>***** FIVE STARS ***** NO DOUBT *****Very rarely do we get excited over restaurants because lately there have been many let downs. However, PRIME Steakhouse in Huntington, NY is absolutely wonderful!Atmosphere - A++The views of the harbor are relaxing & serene. The natural materials used to decorate and structure this restaurant complement the surroundings. The beautiful wood deck, fireplaces, glass block walls, etc ... from top to bottom are stunning. It was not overly noisy like you find in most restaurants today.Service - A++Joe was our server at Prime and after having such friendly, knowledgeable, efficient service we will ask for him every time we come back. (And believe me, we will be regular customers after our experience here). Cheers to Joe! He did mention that he has been in the business for a long time and you can tell that he truly loves what he does. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and provided us with excellent recommendations as a first time customer here. Our drinks were refilled before we even knew they were on the low side, our plates were cleared at comfortable times, and Joe even went so far as to plate our family style sides. ;) It was a nice touch. Prime better hold onto Joe for a long, long, time.Food Overall: A+Appetizers - A+ My honey ordered a Caesar salad - lettuce was fresh, crisp, with absolutely no brown spots (I hate that!) and the dressing tasted homemade. There's not much you can say about a Caesar salad. ;) I had the lobster & shrimp won tons. OMG ... they were awesome! Joe explained that they are not deep fried but rather pan fried and they are made in house. The seafood was plump and tender and the won ton wrappers were so light and crisp without having that deep fried greasy feel from Chinese restaurants. I could eat these everyday! We also were given the Gnocchi appetizer to try. These were by far one of the best Gnocchi dishes I have ever eaten! I do love the gnocchi from the Topping Rose House (Tom Colicchio) and these were right up there with them. ;)Entrees - A+ My honey had the filet mignon (10 oz) and he did say that it was probably the best filet he has ever eaten. I had one bite and it was to die for. The steak had the perfect amount of char, seasoning, and was so very tender. Yum Yum Yum. I had the Parmesan crusted Veal Chop. Now, when dining out I very rarely order veal but this was killer! The crust was a perfect combination of Parmesan, onions, and "crustiness" and the meat was flavorful, tender, and cooked to perfection. I felt guilty because at this point I was getting full from the appetizers and really couldn't make a dent in the portion of this chop. However, it did make it home with me and I'm not going to say what happened to the leftovers (Bella & Zoe ... hee hee). For sides we shared the mashed potatoes, mushrooms, and burnt broccoli. Okay - my honey is a big connoisseur of mashed potatoes (being Irish & meat and potatoes guy). They were a pile of creamy, buttery, heaven! Melt in your mouth divine. The mushrooms were a nice variety of oyster & shitake mushrooms and had a wonderful flavor. They were tender, meaty, and just perfect. Now, the burnt broccoli was contagious! I could have kept eating the broccoli all day long. The tips were perfectly burnt with a harmony of lemon and garlic flavor. I definitely want to try to replicate these at home. Dessert - ABy this time, we were not even close to "needing" dessert. But, because everything else was so perfect, we felt guilty not trying something. The sales coordinator (we were talking to her about having our wedding here) sent out the dessert sampler. It was 2 ice creams (cranberry & brown sugar), creme brulee, chocolate lava cake, and a pineapple vanilla panna cotta. I took a small bite of it all and they were great. The cranberry ice cream tasted like you were actually eating cranberries and cream. So fresh & flavorful. The creme brulee has a perfect crust and was so creamy. I wasn't a big fan of the pineapple panna cotta - but I am sure others would love it. When Joe saw that we were sent the dessert sampler - that was not his choice. So, he sent out the double crusted cheesecake and berry tart. I felt so guilty because there was no way we could finish these desserts. But, we did take a bite of each. The cheesecake was my favorite - with a buttery graham cracker crust on the top and the bottom ... BRILLIANT!!! Lena, the sales coordinator was so accommodating, friendly, and truly cared about our wedding plans. I believe the manager also came to the table to introduce himself. When dining at Prime, the staff will completely make you feel like family. It is very rare that we come across dining experiences like this. Dale & I are very excited to try their other restaurants, especially Teller's Chop House & Monsoon. Great job Bohlsen group! Now please come open a restaurant in the Hamptons!!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,6/26/2013,600,381,4,5,3>Mexican is my favorite cuisine and Gold Mine always gets it right.  It's my go to Mexican place, its cheap with big portions; what more can you ask for?  I get the mexi-melt burrito, chili and cheese burrito, black bean burrito, golden burrito, I think I've tried them all.  The cajun chicken is some of the best tasting chicken I've ever had.  And the black bean soup, AH don't get me started I could go for a cup of this every day. Add some onions and cheese, its delicious, always.  The salsa bar is a nice addition too if you're into salsa, there's a good variety from mild to super spicy.  They offer a killer garden vegetable chili too for those watching the calories.  I love this place.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/25/2013,280,325,6,8,7>An excellent place for fresh, unique, and reasonably priced sushi. It was the perfect place to have a small celebration of me getting a new fancy job.This place is across the street from a big Bethpage Federal Credit Union building and right in front of a Day's Inn. We missed our turn because we were distracted by the bright Day's Inn sign. There were plenty of parking.AMBIANCE:My bf and I were a little skeptical of this place because of the location and the look of the building (tired old concrete exterior), but we had a good groupon deal. It looked pretty icky outside, but we were pleasantly surprised by the modern hip interior and the great food.The place has very sleek and trendy look to it. I felt like I was in a hot fancy new place in the city. We walked into the lounge area which had cool booths on one side separated by beaded partitions and a long curved bar to the other side illuminated by colorful LED lights. We were seated in a bigger room that looked like the main dining area. The room was spacious and also illuminated by bright blue LEDs. It was a cool place to dine in.FOOD:My bf and I agree that the sushi here is among the freshest we've had on Long Island. The quality of the sushi was great and there were many unique rolls to choose from.We had complimentary warm yummy miso soup to start. Komodo Dragon $15Spicy salmon cucumber & cream cheese topped w deep fried tempura & wasabi coconut sauce.Absolutely delicious!!! Very flavorful and creamy. The tempura added a nice crunch.Evolution Roll $15Spicy, yellowtail, crunchy, avocado and jalapeno. Topped with yellowtail, micro mix and yuzu ceviche sauce.Very good, with a more subtle taste. Nice citrus flavors.SERVICE:Nice, attentive, and friendly. We got our food and check in good time.OVERALL:This place is awesome. I would definitely come back, hopefully with another groupon or the yelp check-in offer (10% off your bill).
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,6/21/2013,5000,690,8,22,13>What was I thinking giving Youngs Farm 4 stars. All these "Country Bakeries" around.. when this bakery IS actually a country bakery. Brookville was once an area with farms and a few remain, including horse farms. This place is not as remote as it seems. Think  LIE to 107 north.. when you cross over Northern Blvd.. its the first block on the right. 1/4 mile on the left and there it is .. among the houses is this small farm/ shop.In winter I walked in and they had just put out potato leek soups. I mean come on what is better than that.. just that.. !!! It was as good as it sounds. Leeks are awesome.Then I saw their famous country pies... looking good as always.  They don't seem to tire out as some cute quaint places do. I think it's because they seem to have some loyal staff. I see some people that seem to stay. An owner unbeknownst to me.. was there when I was carrying on about them making a good black cherry pie, then it was obvious one of the women doing some setting up in the store was smiling. I asked if she was the creator... and she smiled and said yes.. yes I fawned over this cool ladies bakery style and she shared some info..  she said they have used the original fanny farmer cookbook recipe from way back for their pie crusts. How sweet! I stiill happen to be a butter crust fan but no one really seems to make butter crusts but me! or people at home. lolWhile I was there some shopper scooped up  a half price pie from yesterday. That I hadn't noticed. But it wouldn't really change what I was there for.... Gimme that large black cherry pie pleaaase! lol  (no I don't say gimmee) lol
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,6/20/2013,196,94,4,7,4>Hands down, The Long Island Wine Merchant is the best of it's kind any where around this area. The selection of wine here is vast and offers something from pretty much every major wine producing region around the globe. The layout of the store, in relation to the types of wine sold there (varietal and regional), is simple to follow and is neatly spread out for easy access despite the enormity of the place (they've just expanded into the empty store space next door). Definitely go check out their "high end" wine room for some pretty exotic and vintage bottles and treat yourself kindly. I believe what really separates this place apart from others of its kind is the friendliness and knowledgability of the staff -- very approachable and available. They keep this place pretty active too. Weekly wine and liquor tastings is cool, but nothing compares to their annual summer event when they have over 50 vendors set up in there offering tasting of everything you can think of - and it's free. Bring a designated driver and go around twice!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,6/19/2013,698,2009,7,12,11>Tapas / wine bar.I'll admit it, I'm on as tapas and wine kick lately and have been hitting most of the area places in search of not only good execution, but I'm always keeping an eye out for something new and different.Five Five 2 occupies the former haunt of "O" on North Country road in St. James- where there is a sort of mini renaissance going on in the way of food... bully for me!I liked it as soon as I walked on:  "loungie" type bar area complete with some small couches and glassed in fireplace, which is one of my must haves for a date place.  The bartenders were very good and they kept everyone going and this place gets hopping.There is a nice selection of wines and as nice as they were, 552 falls into the same trap as just about every other place that sells wines: why do we need like 5 Cabernet choices and 4 Merlot etc etc?  Why can't we see some truly different wines instead of the same usual suspects with just more choices?  They did have a Cab Franc but then they also had just one choice of a Zinfandel.  Seriously, let's lighten the load on the Cab's and Merlot's and introduce something new and exciting.  The tapas were good - we had the Chinatown Duck Egg Roll and the pulled chipotle chicken Tortilla.  Both were nicely presented and of the two, the chipotle tortilla was the winner.  The duck egg roll, while not bad, was just not that tasty.  Wagyu beef sliders were good - but those are hard to screw up.The ambiance was perfect - great place to take a date - and there were plenty of happy couples both in the bar and the main dining area.  They do have a full menu as well so you have literally something for everyone here.Bathrooms were spacious and had a selection of toiletries available such as hair gels and the like - nice touch, particularly if you need to spruce up for your date...There was live music in the bar area and it was a nice addition to an overall nice night out.All in all a very good experience and one you should try!Valet parking
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,6/18/2013,169,309,2,11,9>Here ye, here ye, gluten free! Wild Rocket is a brand spanking new deli, no... cafe?  no... sandwich shop? Bah, lets just call it an eatery that caters to juice junkies, gluten free diets and healthy nom seekers in general. We originally strolled in here on a quick recommendation from a nearby store owner. I'm not GF, but my foodie partner in crime that afternoon is, and she misses out on all sorts of delightful carby-goodness that I take for granted. Their breads are made from yuca, and super moist and puffy with cheese. I'm telling you, you want to try the cheesy bread. Oooooh, just do it. The cute little sandwiches (they're palm sized) were excellent and filled with roasted veggies, chicken etc. On to the juice! I'm a big fan of flavorful juicy concoctions. It allows me to eat plenty of fruit and veggis, without having to much my way though all day. I originally was just going to bum a sip of my friends juice but the variety really tempted me. 5 buckaroos and a cute resealable container later I was sloshing down a splendid concoction of  cold pressed orange, ginger and celery I believe? It tasted like fresh squeezed orange juice with a hint of ginger on the after taste. As I got to the bottom I discovered slices of ginger. Not sure if it was intentional or not, but I'm a fan either way. Plenty of other snacks, soups salads and other in store made goods can be found here. What really sold me on this place and earned the extra yelpy star was the owner and staff. As soon a we walked in we were heartily welcomed, and completely catered to. The GF breads, the products etc were all explained to us. Seeing our curiosity, we were given a sample of the cheesy bread. For a gluten free product, it was just glorious. In the meantime, The staff behind the owner was skillfully cleaning, crafting and organizing behind the counter. Wild Rocket is perfect for a light lunch or a quick snack.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,6/17/2013,110,174,1,6,2>This review is for the lunch buffet.I definitely agree with Ann C.'s review that "their food isn't as spicy as one might like their Indian food to be, and it's true but totally fine for me. I've had their weekday $9.99 lunch buffet and it's fillingly worth it."Note: the price is now $8. Their lunch buffet is great and enough options get rotated through day-to-day that it stays interesting and varied. I particularly like the saag paneer, saag with mushrooms, yellow dal and their rice. Naan is included and is nice and warm, fluffy and buttery. Do NOT bother with Curry Club's lunch buffet anymore -- this place is the new spot and is a better value too. Curry Club's saag and other curry dishes offered at the lunch buffer all taste as though they've literally watered it down over the last few years.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,6/16/2013,104,200,3,6,2>Great pizza, amazing dessert!After passing San Marzano 1,000 times, finally tried this small wood fired pizza restaurant.San Marzano is an intimate atmosphere and is quite small with only about 10 or so tables. Generally around dinner time on a Friday or Sat night there is a wait so we arrived around 6 and only waited a few minutes.  We had the a couple of glasses of reasonably priced wine ($6 for a good sized glass) and a beet/arugula and goat cheese salad with a light vinaigrette dressing. Good wine and a nice salad was a good start.Next, we shared a Pomodoro pie with some of their delicious meatball on top. This pie consisted of a nice crisp, slightly charred crust, fresh mozzarella cheese, olive oil, fresh garlic and pecorino with diced tomatoes instead of sauce. The pie is baked in their wood fired brick oven in the rear of the restaurant.  Excellent pie!The real treat for me and an amazing end to a nice pizza/salad and wine dinner, was the dessert. OMG you must try this one, its called Ricotella. It takes about 15 minutes to make but well worth it. Kind of a zeppole, kind of a small calzone but inside is ricotta cheese mixed with Nutella, wholly sh-t!!!!  A little whipped cream around the plate and some powdered sugar and it is fantastic! Wash it down with a nice cappuccino and you will leave very happy!For me, a new find and one I will frequent for sure!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,6/15/2013,65,130,2,4,5>It pleases me greatly that there is a legit coffee house so close to my home.The Bellmore Bean Cafe is quaint, comfortable, and convenient.  The cafe has some excellent seating.  Choices include a soft couch, a regular table with chairs, some lounge chairs, or a small coffee bar.  If I want to relax for a bit I'll hit the couch, but if I've brought a book, I'll usually park myself at the regular table.  Along with their coffee, there is a wide assortment of goodies.  I particularly love their cookies, but be warned that they are well overpriced.  $2.50 for two cookies?  A bit too much if you ask me.Their official website is a bit lacking, but will keep you updated on what events they have going on there.  Their karaoke is pretty good.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/14/2013,62,198,4,10,4>How can one truly express in the written word how utterly fantastic the Iron Skillet really is? There is absolutely no dining experience like this anywhere else in the world, except maybe when you go over your mom's house for Sunday dinner, except even though your mom is a good cook, she's certainly no Mary Ann (or Bob)...unless of course, you are lucky enough to actually be in their family.There's no need for me to tell you what food is good or why it's good, because EVERYTHING there is good so it matters not what you order. But what you do need to know is that you will comfortably be sitting in Bob and Mary Ann's dining room while they serve you some of the best home cooked, comforting meals on the planet. The Iron Skillet executes its brand perfectly in all ways. For a one of a kind culinary experience, you cannot miss this place. So grab a bottle of wine from your cellar (I recommend paying tribute to the surrounding wine region), hit up the ATM for a few bucks (you won't need that much) and stop by to see what you're missing in this cozy little spot off Love Lane!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,6/13/2013,145,285,3,12,3>Elisa's is the kind of Italian restaurant where they treat you like family.  It's owned by brothers Rocky and Paolo Telese and they make you feel like you're eating in their home.  The restaurant is very tastefully decorated and the service is very attentive.The food is delicious.  My favorite is the lasagna which like their spaghetti is served with mini meatballs.  I have eaten here many times with a table full of family and everyone has always liked what they ordered.  Elisa's is an all around great restaurant.  Feel confident ordering anything on the menu.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,6/12/2013,18,101,2,6,4>Excellent tacos! Tried the chilli and ground beef hardshells. Both were delicious. Also tried the jerk and pulled pork specialty ones. I enjoyed the pork more and will definitely be back before the end of the week to try more of the menu.Very friendly staff. Picnic tables setup around the truck. Easy access off the LIE, just south of exit 70. This is a great spot to hit heading home from the wineries for those that live outside the area.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,6/11/2013,76,188,,5,3>Sometimes your home page on Yelp suggests something that jumps out at you. Today I saw someone else's review for Roast Sandwich House and was lucky enough to be passing there around lunch time. Boy, am I glad I did!First off, there is additional parking in back. Don't let the small lot in front scare you away.I had the Braised Brisket Grilled Cheese. This is, first and foremost, a grilled cheese sandwich with meat. It is NOT a meat sandwich with cheese. It happened to be a fantastic grilled cheese sandwich with meat! The bread was perfectly grilled with lots of butter. The bread was crunchy without cutting up my mouth. The cheese was perfectly melted and nice and tangy. A great complement to the terrific brisket on the sandwich. Again, this was a grilled cheese sandwich with meat, so the meat was not piled high, but there was certainly enough of the excellently cooked brisket to complement the cheese very well.I would definitely return here! While a few dollars more than an average deli sandwich, it is certainly worth it. I'm just sorry I didn't try the sweet potato tater tots. Oh well, something to return for.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/10/2013,39,31,11,10,8>"Yao's Diner" sounds like an Americanized name of a Chinese restaurant, and not somewhere I would choose to venture to. Thank goodness for Yelp and for word-of-mouth to break that stereotype! Word on the street had it that Yao's Diner truly boasted authentic Chinese food. Well, whaddya know, they were right!!!I actually went with Lils Y (below) and the entire time at dinner, our table of girlies was squealing with excitement at how real and delicious the flavors were. The power of taste can really bring you back to the olden days of Mom's home cooking. I can't say it's the best Chinese food I've ever had, but I can definitely say that it was the best Chinese food I've had on Long Island. (Tao's Delicacies and Yao's Diner both make amazing Szechuan-style food. I don't want to compare the two because Yao's is different and boasts an amazing variety of dishes versus being hot pot-centered.)Get the triple-cooked pork. Get the potatoes with eggplant. Just give it a shot, and you'll realize that all the Chinese take-out places ain't got nothin' on Yao's! This unassuming restaurant in the area of strip malls for reptiles deserves more recognition.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,6/9/2013,37,26,5,10,9>So, I bought a Groupon back in March for 10 bootcamp classes... I can now say I am thoroughly addicted to bootcamp.  From not exercising at all, to becoming toned and fit in a matter of weeks feels great.  I'm really surprised at the other reviewers, I never had any issues redeeming my Groupon.  I've done both Don's and Kassie's bootcamp classes and they are AWESOME.  I go 2-3 times a week and love the obstacle course there! You can tell your strength and cardio building class after class - last week I was able to climb the rope to the ceiling (with no knots might I add) - it's a great feeling! I'm definitely going to keep doing boot camp classes! And next on the list is the Aerial classes - I've seen a few of the classes finishing up before my class and it looks so cool! I don't think many other places offer Aerial Skills! Cynthia is a sweetheart, and everyone is so nice - we're always joking around with the trainers, everyone here is so easygoing.LOVE LOVE LOVE TFL! And my ready-for-summer body does too!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,6/8/2013,159,531,3,2,3>This place is very expensive but it's worth it. My husband and I come here for dinner occasionally. Since he discovered it with my brother-in-law we've been here about 3 or 4 times this year. From the outside this place looks like it was a diner, but don't let that fool you. The inside is hopping! Everything we've tried has been terrific. I am a fan of their phantom of the opera roll, because I'm obsessed with phantom of the opera. I'm a vegetarian though, so I had them modify the roll and make a vegetarian one so I could eat it. Only one word of caution, my brother-in-law wasn't a fan of his martini, so if you drink be slightly wary of the alcohol in this place, other then that everything is amazing.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,6/7/2013,23,141,3,7,3>I have been coming here for almost five year now, and have never been disappointed.  Even the take out is great, which is tricky when you deal with things like Duck, Calamari, fried apps, etc.  This place nails it every time.  I have had so many different meals here I couldn't try to detail each one of them, but ANYTHING you get at this little gem is excellent.  The appetizers are great, always fresh, and no fillers or flavor enhancers like excessive salt or MSG (a big no-no).  Ok, I almost lied...there is one appetizer I would put a big "AVOID" on, and it is the fried tofu app.  Its not that I don't like Tofu, I do...I just did not enjoy this appetizer.  Don't let it take anything away from this place though, just don't order the Tofu app!Some palate advice is that they have a light hand when it comes to spicy, so if you like average spice don't say a word, but if you like a bit of a kick as I do, ask them to take it up a notch!Its BYOB, and if you can' t figure that one out dig deep back to those college days...I am sure you will figure it out!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,6/6/2013,62,240,2,3,2>I am not vegetarian nor is Indian food my favorite... but I LOVE this place. Dosas are apparently big giant crepes that you either get filled with something or dip into something. The waiter saw that we looked like deer int he headlights so he made some suggestions for us to sample across the menu items.  We had a noodle dish, and a tomato-based mushroom and peas dish - with puffy bread - yum.  We had some cheesy dosas and potato dosas.  Basmati rice with veggies too. Good experience.  Friendly Indian patrons at the table next to us cheered us on !  Good experience here - will return !
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,6/5/2013,218,126,3,4,3>A wonderful tennis club that never gets enough recognition. It is approximately 15-20 minuts off the Long Island Expressway and is a great indoor facility. It sports more than 15 tennis courts of both the hard court and the clay court variety. It is spacious, clean and even has snacks for members! The coaches are friendly, helpful and are foreign so they have wonderful stories and accents if you get a chance to talk to them. They run programs for ALL ages from very young children to tennis programs, adults and even seniors. For every age group and player skill group, there is something for you. There are league matches, individual & group lessons as well as competitive tournaments and even a sports shop that will take care of your tennis needs.The head coach and honcho, Manny is one of the sweetest men alive and is more than helpful. If you ever have a problem just ask for him on the phone and tell him that Priyanka recommended the facility. Between you and me, Port Washington has some of the most REASONABLE junior programs in LI if you go with the group lessons and match play once a week. Its a great starting or beginner to intermediate level programs. The sports shop is great, but a little expensive for all your tennis needs, so if you will be using it on the regular, stop in to another pro shop. You can message me for recommendations if you need to! I played in this club for a few years during my teen years when I was a competitive junior player in the USTA circuit! Great club, and great coaches! YOU CAN'T GO WRONG! :)
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,6/4/2013,44,195,3,3,3>Ate here again on Friday night and all was great. The pastas are delicious - my daughter ad stuffed rigatoni in a vodka sauce which she polished off (which rarely happens). I had a straciatella soup and the seafood salad. The seafood salad was a combination of scungilli, calamari, shrimp and baby scallops in a very light lemon vinaigrette - excellent. Hubby had their pollo pizza - very good. Service is great and we sat in a booth in the bar area which is much quieter than the dining room when it gets crowded
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,6/3/2013,48,137,3,5,4>Iavarone is THE place on the North Shore to go for meats, produce, and prepared foods. Iavarone is a name that screams quality with locations in Maspeth, Queens, New Hyde Park, Wantagh and Woodbury. Located in the last place you'd expect, a tiny corner of the Woodbury Village shopping plaza, this is a mecca for Italian specialties. As you walk in the door of Iavarone you're welcomed by fresh, delicious produce including many organic varieties. Iavarone has a great bakery with out of this world semolina bread, rolls, and heros as well as ciabatta, rustica, French bread, challah bread and more. A delicious dessert counter offers many Italian specialties and more. Iavarone has a great deli counter with top quality meat and prepared items. The Kobe roast beef is a must try, it will blow away any roast beef you have tried elsewhere. If you're a fromage junkie as I am you will be mesmerized by Iavarone's offerings. Their made in house mozzarella is creamy and delicious and if you're up for an extra kick they also smoke it. There is an incredible variety of other made in house products as well as imported items. One of my personal favorites is "Iavarone Delight" a creamy blend of brie and blue cheese that is whipped into an incredible spread. Stop reading, get off of the Northern State, LIE or whatever road you're on and pull in to Iavarone's today.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,6/2/2013,34,72,2,4,3>Sapsuckers is a cool, upscale pub.  Like other reviewers said, it is definitely a small place, so you might want a reservation.  I went on a Sunday night and we didn't have to wait for a table.  The beer:  good selection of craft beers on tap and an extensive bottle list.The food: Very very good better than pub food, pub food.  We started with the perogies, thanks to the helpful reviews of many yelpers.  They were delicious!  I had the mac n cheese, which was amazing and definitely bigger than an appetizer, which is where it is listed on the menu.  My boyfriend had the burger with gorgonzola and bacon.  This is a little on the pricey side for a burger, but he said it was worth every penny!  The rosemary fries are incredible!The service: very attentive, friendly wait staff.  However, they are fast paced, so if you like to take your time, order slowly.  With an appetizer and entrees, we were out in 40 minutes.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,6/1/2013,40,234,2,3,1>This might be the only location on Long Island, so lucky me!  JH's is always a great spot for a micro-brew and a bite to eat.  Friday's and Saturday's can be a challenge since it's situated feet from Smith Haven Mall, but if you pop in during the week, you shouldn't have a problem catching a table.They're legendary in the area for the seasonal Pumpkin Spice Ale, which is good, but I also like the Nut Brown and Pale Ales.  There's always something brewing that I'll try out, so far I haven't been disappointed.The menu is more or less pub fare, but in most cases a notch or two above.   Here are some of my favorites in no particular order...Brew House Nachos, Lentil & Hummus Salad, Brew House Club Sandwhich, Harvard's Classic Burger, Grilled Meatloaf, and Smoked Pulled Pork Sandwich.Go for it!  I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,5/31/2013,123,466,2,4,1>This is probably my favorite Croxley Ales on Long Island!This location is a bit off the beaten path and has all the same wonderful things you'd find at any other Croxley Ales - namely, BEER.I'm not a big fan of the wings, to be honest. They're tiny and well, just like any other wings. I just come here for the ever-changing list of beers on tap. The most recent addition includes their own 20th Anniversary Ale, which has a whopping 8% ABV (but they have plenty of beers with high ABV numbers in this place anyway). They tend to have all kinds of typical sports on the TVs (this past weekend was all about UFC), so they have you covered if you're looking for that kind of thing. Solid place. Solid beer selection.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,5/30/2013,33,416,,7,3>Chicken's Road serves up deliciously flavored rotisserie chicken. The tostones are crispy and are just as delicious. I was unimpressed with the rice and beans considering how flavorful the chicken, tostones, and sauces were. The sauces are great. I tried a white sauce with a pleasant citrus taste and a 'spicy' green sauce with a hint of cilantro. Both were light and extremely flavorful. The 'spicy' sauce was not 'hot spicy'; rather, it was 'aromatic spicy.' The sauces are so good that I've decided to keep the remains of both sauces for my next meal.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,5/29/2013,273,306,3,7,5>At 11:30 on a Sunday, when any other place that serves eggs was packed with lines out the door and people outside, South Bay diner was our salvation.Stopped in to have "brunch," with my sister, best friend, and boyfriend. We were seated right away by a lovely hostess, and even got offered booth or table (I really appreciate when people ask that of me; I don't know why.) Within seconds a waiter came by to ask us for our drink orders. A little while after that, with our drinks already on the table, our food order was being taken. My sister ordered this walnut crusted banana french toast, and her plate was empty at the end of our meal so my guess is that she liked it! Also I snuck a bite and it was gooooood. Dessert for breakfast! My best friend ordered an veggie egg white omelet with feta cheese, wheat toast, and fruit on the side instead of potatoes. This request was filled without any issue! She received an incorrect omelet at first, but they remedied the situation very quickly and efficiently. My boyfriend ordered the asiago burger and seemed to really enjoy it!As for me, I ordered the "classic Benny," and I hate to say it but I just didn't like it. The hollandaise was watered down and tasteless and there was so little on it, the eggs were still wet from the water they were poaching in, and the ham was so hard and chewy I couldn't even cut it with the steak knife provided for me. If I was in different company, I probably would have said something, but instead I just seasoned it myself and picked at it. The potatoes that came with it were delicious, so at least there was that!For 4 people, our bill came to $44, which I think is reasonable. Overall I enjoyed my experience here and would come back to try other diner classics on their menu. They also have many "signature dishes," that sound pretty cool.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,5/28/2013,234,238,1,8,7>I have been to Ruvo a few times and I must say, I do enjoy it every time. We had the scallops and crab cakes as an appetizers. Both were really good. Dinner we ordered the duck and short ribs with a side of meatballs. Short ribs were awesome and one piece of duck was just slightly over cooked. The other piece was spot on. The short ribs were really good and meat balls were also good. The ambiance is great and the staff is always on point. This is one of my date night places to go. Great wine list!!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/27/2013,383,272,,7,5>Huge wooded park and beach in Center Moriches.  The beach is over 1 1/4 miles down the trail so if you show up with your beach towels and cooler expect to huff it for a good twenty minutes. There are beautiful views of the Terrell River and its marshes to check out.  This is one of the few public parks that welcomes dogs on a leash. It gets really popular in the summer.   There are NO facilities, running water or even garbage cans, it is a carry-in, carry-out park.  Come and enjoy.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,5/26/2013,140,162,4,8,5>Love this place! We came here after brunch because, well, we love tea. I had seen this as a "hot new business" on Yelp, and walked past it on the way to Toast this morning and had a hankering to check it out. The inside has a welcoming rustic feel to it. Lots of reclaimed wood, high ceilings, very beautiful and the way I'd love for my kitchen/dining space at home to look like. It is a bit small inside, not very many tables but it's very cozy. We chatted it up with Toshi who was very knowledgable of teas, his wife Nicole wasn't there when we first came in. Turns out, they blend their own teas, and that company is called The Tea Plant. Funny enough, we knew this couple from the Cinema Arts Centre from last year. Note my review on that place how I mentioned the "All in this Tea" event. Their company, along with a few others, were there after the show with teas to try. I like how they have the teas on the wall for you to smell, and almost all the food/tea is organic. A+ for that. They use a lot of ForLife tea products for serving (which are great products for tea people) as well as cast iron kettles and cups (which I prefer when teaing out). I really, REALLY hope this business succeeds. Huntington Village needs a place like this. I miss the days of Classy Coffee, and this place is really great. We didn't try any of the food, though we wanted to order the Russian Matcha green tea cookies (they were out, sad face). We chatted up the owner a bit more, and I asked if they will have outside seating when the weather is warmer (they will), and he said that if business goes well they may expand in the future. Being a fan of green, we opted for the Sencha. It was $14 for a pot for two. Now this may seem pricey to you - but think about what you pay for a latte at Sbucks. The tea is very high quality (and the boy and I know good tea) so it's worth it. You can also get additional steepings to make the tea go further. I'm excited to go back and try the chai and rooibos (tisane) next time. A return visit is surely in order, and hopefully the matcha cookies will be in stock then!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/25/2013,117,234,10,15,15>On Saturday night, some friends invited us to go and watch some live jazz music and we never miss an opportunity to do just that. Gps set, and we are directed to a store front that sells pianos, not realizing that there is a recital hall downstairs. A wide staircase brings you downstairs and the sounds coming from the stage were amazing... A grand piano and a bass and our local favorite on the drums.  The room itself was decorated in pianos and the lighting and the faust harrison logo painted on the wall behind let you know you were an a special place and that there was an ambience of class. There was a suggested donation of ten dollars to get in to see the show but for the music alone it was worth the price or double that. However, they offered either red or white wines and a nice selection of cheeses and crackers and grapes. We hadn't eaten yet, so this turned out to be a blessing we hadn't counted on. If you have a chance to see a performance here, do so... the hall is large enough to give plenty of room for musicians but small enough that you are right in the mix to see the show.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,5/24/2013,43,208,2,6,3>What a great place!My brother and I had to run into a store in the same shopping center as Namaste America.  We had eyed this place a few times before, but this time, while we looked at the menu, we were greeted by a very nice man (the manager and waiter?) named Avi.  We weren't fully hungry yet, but we decided to order some takeout and are very happy that we did.I ordered the aloo gobhi, which is my go-to, and my brother ordered a dried chicken dish (the name is escaping me).  He said his had incredible flavors but the chicken was on the bone, and wasn't the easiest to eat.  That being said, he really enjoyed his meal.  My food was fantastic.  I should have specified that I didn't want it to be very spicy, but it still wasn't overwhelming, so I was very happy.  The flavors in the sauce were perfect.  The naan was buttery and the rice was just salty enough that you could eat it on its own if you wanted to.I also have to say that the prices were great - mine was only $6.99 and I think my brother's was $9 or $10.  A steal for a great meal.  (Stop rhyming, Carissa...)So basically 1) Avi being super nice/helpful/informative, 2) huge portions for little money, and 3) wonderful flavors, all make for a 5/5 experience.  I can't wait to go back and try more dishes when I'm in Deer Park again!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,5/23/2013,21,110,6,10,6>Without a doubt, the BEST burgers in the area.  I've eaten there now, and taken home.  I have to complement them on the quality of their take-out!They package "SMART".  Onion rings were packed with a hole in the lid so that the steam could escape and keep them crisp.  I ordered a burger with an OVER EASY FRIED EGG on it, and when I got home, the yolk was STILL UNBROKEN !  I find that absolutely amazing.Wings aren't bad - Chili is EXCELLENT.  Try the SHACKAZM burger, with cheese, chili, bacon, and a big onion ring on top... WONDERFUL.Big hot dogs are served on huge fluffy buns, which gives them the room to put all kinds of tasty stuff on top - try one with bacon and cheese sauce - give me the shivers - so good!Definitely one of my "go to" locations for take-out.  Yeah, there's places that I could call for delivery, but it's worth the effort to hop in the car and go bring this stuff back.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,5/22/2013,38,221,,3,2>Press 195 is an above average establishment located in Rockville Centre. If you are a lover of paninis, then you will most likely find this place to your liking. They have a large selection of paninis with different meats and toppings. They also have other choices, including a selection of burgers, for those with different needs.I ordered guacamole to start and, being a lover of burgers, first and foremost, ordered a cheeseburger with fries. The guacamole was very nice, fresh, and light.The burger was very good and left me wanting a bit more. The fries were done to perfection, and there was some crisp to every bite that I took.For dessert, I had the warm chocolate brownie. Also pretty yummy but it's big and should be shared for at least two people.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/21/2013,237,506,5,4,5>Last month, we took a roadtrip to the deep south to visit some family and eat barbeque.  Lots of barbeque.  From West Virginia to Tennessee to Alabama, we searched high and low for fried green tomatoes - none of which had any.   They were either not on the menu or it wasn't available.  After all that traveling, it turns out the best BBQ joint is RIGHT HERE on LONG ISLAND?!?!   Say it ain't so!Damn skippy.This here tiny hole in the wall in the middle of nowhere, industrial part of Mineola is truly a hidden gem.  It looks like an old metal trailer or converted train caboose?  not sure, but it def looks cool.  I've had BBQ everywhere you could possibly imagine in the USA and I've enjoyed it the most here.  Almost everything we ordered was simply divine.  The only thing that was somewhat of a disappointment was the biscuit and gravy.  It was served as a giant biscuit in the middle of a plate with gravy drenched all around it.  It was sausage gravy, but the onion flavor in it was especially pungent and there were chives in it .  The biscuit itself was hot, but the gravy was a little cold.  I was expecting the kind of biscuits and gravy you'd get from Bojangles, so I was thrown off there. Otherwise, everything else was ON POINT -  especially the fried green tomatoes.  Yes, they actually had them!  And they were phenomenal.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it and the delicious dipping sauce it came with.  Chicken and waffles was awesome and my husband's full rack of ribs were some of the most tasty and tender I've ever had.Service was wonderful and they constantly kept coming to refill our sweet tea which the waitstaff had pitchers of.  OH YEAH, and it's BYOB!!!   I really appreciated how nice the staff was.  Not only was my belly full of comfort food you can typically only find in the South, but Southern hospitality seemed to come along with it.  The place is tiny as all hell, so don't even think about bringing a huge party of guests.  Great for a date or family dinner the kids will love.  Definitely not enough parking to accommodate the dinner crowd, but you can try to find parking on the side streets around it and walk a bit.   I cannot WAIT to come back and try every single thing on the menu especially that country fried bacon....it's calling my name....Be sure to hit up the ATM on your way here because it's CASH ONLY.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,5/20/2013,46,88,2,7,3>Update (5/20/13) - I'm thrilled that this got the Review of the Day today (thanks for those of you who sent compliments), but I should mention that this restaurant is now sadly closed (I reported to Yelp, but I don't think a moderator has gotten to it yet). The store is still vacant, so no word yet on what will take its place. -------JMP is a Great Neck restaurant with a little bit of an identity crisis. Its history dates back to 1988 when it was a French pastry shop in Garden City. It relocated to Great Neck as a bakery and restaurant (I believe in the location that now houses JulieBelle's). It again relocated to larger digs on Middle Neck Road, where it is today. Earlier this year, it seems that they removed the bakery, and decided to focus on just being a restaurant (although they do still bake lots of fresh bread which you can purchase to go). It's a shame that we've lost both this bakery and Bruce's in the last year, but I suppose that's a sign of the times and of Great Neck's eating habits. I think JMP's name may have been responsible for at least a few of the negative reviews. Obviously the "Patisserie" part of the name no longer applies. But another problem is that the words "Jean Marie" and "Bistro" make you think it's going to be a French bistro. But it's not a French restaurant--menu options range from Asian satay to Mac and Cheese to Baked Pork Chops to Chicken Parmesan. The owner has since changed the name of the restaurant to the more apropos "Jean Marie's American Bistro", which suits it perfectly. There's one thing that immediately attracted me to JMP: that they serve brunch. As someone who's waited in line for hours at some of New York's most trendy brunch places, I was excited that Great Neck had our own brunch place. I called for a reservation on Sunday. They asked me what time I'd like to come, and I said 10 AM. I got a rather surprised reaction on the phone, and was then told that the restaurant opens at noon on Sundays. There's a word I like to use to refer to brunch at 12:00 PM. It's called "lunch".In any case, we went Sunday at noon. The restaurant decor is simple and cozy, the coziest part being a brick oven towards the middle of the restaurant where they were constantly baking fresh bread. Our servers were young and very friendly, and brought us a nice bread bowl with different kinds of bread: a crispy toasted date bread and some pieces of freshly baked baguettes. We ordered the vegetable omelette and the French Toast. Without exaggeration, both my wife and I agreed that the omelette was one of the best we've ever had. All the ingredients from the mushrooms to the spinach to the cheddar cheese were fresh.  The eggs were farm fresh as well, and cooked perfectly thick and fluffy. The balance of flavor was excellent.I was a little less enamored with the French Toast. They did use their own home-made brioche in preparing it, but it seemed a tad too thick and in some places dry for my taste. It wasn't terrible, but it wasn't anything to write home about either.I'd heard good things about the Paninis, so we got two to go. These, I was very, very impressed with. They were big, well toasted, and had excellent flavor. My favorite was the "Jean Marie", which had a intricate flavor of the breaded chicken cutlet with onions, mozzarella cheese, and raspberry sauce. As fitting for an bistro, you could choose to order alcohol (bloody marys, mimosas, or sangria) with your meal. I opted for the orange juice for $2.50. I was a little disappointed to witness our server taking a jug of Tropicana from the refrigerator and pouring it into my glass. For $2.50, I really expected at least some freshly squeezed juice. Next time, I'll save the $2.50 and buy the whole jug at Waldbaum's. Before we left, we ordered a loaf of their fresh bread right out of the brick oven. That, of course, cost more than bread at the Waldbaums, but it's definitely worth it once in a while. Overall, I was pretty impressed. I read later that the chef is a professional who studied at the Culinary Institute of America, and it shows through in a lot of the excellent preparation work and flavors. I will be back.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,5/19/2013,13,77,3,3,1>Ok man..very varied reviews here while I am reading about this place...well...I just got back from a very great meal here...Tuesday night so no weekend nonsense to cloud my review.it's legit..good fish...I gotta tell ya...haven't had salmon sushi like that in a long time absolutely killer..like butter...if you eat salmon you'll know what I mean...still thinking about it.service wise...we had a very nice young lady by the name of Valerie who was on the money...after we got past the usual "you don't know us..we don't know you" patron/server banter and actually started talking about food, it was a very pleasant experience...you know what I mean....you know each other on a first name basis by the time you leave..she's a pro, a good server and had some good suggestions.check out the T.N.T roll..very..very good...tuna & toro...honestly..what's the downside..very hip restaurant decor wise...we sat at the bar but took a tour upstairs..it's cool..if you're in your 20's and wanna impress that new girl you just met.. just lose the Hyundai rent a BMW and you'll do well.cool place..good fish...nice hot plates (killer lobster bisque tempura...really!)recommended.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/18/2013,95,270,4,5,5>Stopped by last night for Happy Hour and had a great time! I walked into a crowded bar and it was only 1700! Found the only open seat and made myself at home. I had been here once before and was salivating for their Jamaican Jerk Chicken. Ordered that and Macaroni and Cheese with a Delirium Tremen on tap. Simply marvelous! Sat next to a bunch of regulars who bragged about just about everything on the menu. Next up was a Speakeasy Big Daddy IPA on tap. They have about 20 draft beers and 50 bottles/cans. Their  food menu features lots of appetizers (which are half price during HH), wings, salads, burgers and entrees. I spyed some really great looking dishes go by and really wanted to take a bite of the roast beef with cheese sandwich which my neighbor was plowing through but thought that my new friends may not quite like that. But I am coming back for more. That's for sure!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,5/17/2013,382,325,3,6,7>I'm diggin this jointwe came here last night for the man's birthday, and his mom's birthday.  The portions here are laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarge, and these are some big fellas.  We did sort of a family style on the appetizers, ordering two different salads, baked clams (MY FAVORITE DISH ON THE PLANET), calamari, sweet sausage over escarole and white beans.  Between the seven of us, all the apps were gone.  The dinner portions were large enough to fill me up, and have another hunk of chicken franchase to take home.  The gnocci and chicken marsala looked very well made - and again, giant portions.  I love when they bring an entire plate of desserts for you to choose from, so you get an idea of what you're going to order.  Between the several paged menu and the giant tray of desserts, its virtually impossible to leave here hungry....and their prices are quite reasonable.  The ambience is very quaint, on the inside it looks like you're eating on the patio in italy somewhere.  Its cozy, and dark, and clearly family run.  Enjoy!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,5/16/2013,642,123,2,6,5>Well....If you want to eat the best fried calamari on the planet...Ya gotta go here. Crispy, Hot, and Delicious. Served with half lemons and wonderful marinara sauce on the side. We originally went here for espresso and pastries, but when I got a whiff of the fine food I had to eat something really good. When I originally ordered, the price annoyed me a bit at $17.00 for an appetizer in a pizza joint, but when it arrived at the table I had to hold back from scoffing the entire plate.My hat's off to the third generation of the family that is running this place.....Great job !
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/15/2013,156,116,3,12,7>I'm typically not a fan of Spanish food in general, but I have heard good things about this food truck and my interest was piqued.  I checked them out on Facebook to make sure where they were located today and browsed their menu online and off my boyfriend and I went.I ordered the mojo chicken sandwich.  My boyfriend ordered the roast pork plate.  We also got 2 chicken empanadas and a side of plaintains.  I started off with the chicken empanada which comes with an avocado garlic dip.  I LOVE the avocado garlic dip.  The chicken sandwich had a citrus mayo (I think?) and was very tasty and fairly big and piled with chicken.  I only got through half the sandwich and I'm kind of obsessing about having the other half that's sitting in my fridge right now.  ANYWAYS, again I love the avocado garlic dip.  I was dipping everything in it and I am going to savor every last bit.  The only negative I have is that the food was a little pricey.  It was about $30.00 for our two meals.  We both agreed that we would probably come back and get some empanadas soon ($3.00 each and it comes with my beloved avocado garlic dip).
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,5/14/2013,37,154,3,7,6>I came here Friday evening with my family as I heard so much about Major's and I was definitely long overdue for a nice steak dinner. We arrived around 5:30, which is a great head's up because a half hour later, we would not have gotten a table. I loved everything about this steak house. It has a really casual, comfortable and laid back atmosphere. I've been to the upper scale steak houses and this makes such a difference. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, asking us if we'd prefer being seated upstairs or downstairs. Very nice, varied menu, but this time around we decided to order from the early bird menu. Another head's up, this is offered Sunday-Friday (4PM-7PM) except holidays. for $19.95, you get a choice of House or Caesar Salad, choice of Baby Back BBQ Ribs, Marinated Skirt Steak, Atlantic Salmon or Chicken Paillard, and dessert. We all ordered the 16 oz. Marinated Skirt Steak a la Stone which comes over sauteed onions, mushroom and pimento's. The steak is marinated in a very light teryaki sauce. I asked if I could just have the onions and the waiter was very obliging. You also get one side dish with your entree and I chose the garlic mashed potatoes, which had little pieces of roasted garlic sprinkled on top. Everything was absolutely delicious, including the garlic bread we ordered as an appy. My steak was prepared to perfection, the potatoes very fresh and creamy. My entire family enjoyed theirs as well. The wait time was minimal despite having every table in the restaurant taken at this point. Although dessert came with our entrees, my husband and I gave ours to the kids and split the New York Cheesecake, served with fresh strawberry topping and real homemade whipped cream.There is not one negative thing I can say about Majors. We may try the Woodbury location next time, only because they offer Mac and Cheese as a side, which are my kids favorite. Other than that, I think I found myself a new favorite Steak House.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,5/13/2013,232,277,,10,6>Fresh food that's big on flavor!  Yes, Its possible to have FRESH food at a buffet.  We went on a Saturday around 1 pm, and the place was half full.  There were 6 main dishes-dal, spinach chicken, chicken korma, okra, and eggplant.  Rice, salad, fried chicken, fruits, and rice pudding were other choices.  The mains were all very good but surprisingly my favorite was the okra.  It had onions and a perfect blend of spices and I like how the okra still had a nice texture and not all mushy like in some other restaurants.  Hot kebabs and naan were brought out to each table.  Everything was fresh and tasty and all for 8.99.The service was very friendly and accommodating.  I'm really happy there's a quality Indian buffet nearby, and for sure it won't be my last time.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,5/12/2013,117,113,3,10,4>I'll try to keep it short.  I'm no crepe-expert, but what I had today was truly quality.  The clean interior offers a few 2 and 4-top tables as well as a lunch counter at the window, (should you want to gaze out at the ineffable beauty of Middle Country Road).  There is a long counter where they display their salad items, and an even longer menuboard behind it with all the creations CCC's offers.My sole experience with crepes was during a Santacon where I ended up with Nutella all over my fake Santa beard, so this time I was careful to keep it out of my real Castro facewarmer and used the fork and knife like a civilized person.  Being lunchtime, I went with the Buffalo Chicken Crepe (buffalo chicken, cheddar, bacon, blue cheese) and it was ready under 5 minutes.  GOOD crepe!  Enough to fill me up without feeling bloated, and for $10, it came with a side-salad which I always like.There are a few salad options, and a diverse smoothie menu, as well as a plethora of breakfast/savory/sweet crepes to choose from.  A pair of people came in specifically for soup, and seemed really sad when it wasn't ready yet.  Sorry soupophiles, but that is a good mark as far as I'm concerned - it shows that they're making things fresh!  I'll have to come back to try the soup myself...The only thing I would change about this place is their hours - they state opening at 10A, which for me is usually way too late to be eating breakfast, and are open until 10P - which for me is usually way too late to be eating a crepe.  This is a relatively new business, so I'm sure they'll figure out what works best for them.I think I know where I'll be going to lunch on the days when I have a few hours between classes - the free WiFi goes a long way to help with that decision!(Note: they also cater, which is a nice change from the usual)
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/11/2013,218,111,2,7,6>If you like great beer selection, micro brews, and awesome food then this is the place for you. Whether you like IPA's, belgians, or stouts they have it all. The staff is very friendly and knowledable about the brews and they will even give you a sample of any of them.The food here is also teriffic.  I've been here a few times and definetely have my favorites.  For the appetizer I usually go with the fried mac & pepperjack. Whats better than fried macaroni & cheese drizzled is a creamy pepperjack sauce? Def my favorite appetizer there.For the main course I usually go with the Good life burger. First off, its on a nicely toasted bun they get delivered from a bakery daily.  The burger comes out nice & juicy, covered in gruyere cheese, blue cheese fondue and bacon Jam. 1 word, Awesome!!!!! I have also had the shepards pie which is a close secondThis is one of my favorite spots, will def be back.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,5/10/2013,54,273,,2,1>Solid 4 stars. Went there for New years eve dinner. They had a prixe fixe menu for the night as they do most every night. 3 courses and a glass of wine $55 per person (normally $32). Appetizers like crab cakes, calamari, lobster bisque. Main course choices duck. filet mingon, lobster. I had the lobster, it was poached nice big tail and 2 claws all out of the shell. No upcharge and only a $10 corking fee if you bring your own wine.  very good meal and very good service which is unusual for News year eve anywhere. i will definetely go back and try them on a normal night. Don't be put off by the looks of the place. It looks like it was an old pizza parlour at one point. Clean, just an unusual space. The food and service more than make up for the lack of pretty, lots of pretty places on Long Island with ugly food.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,5/9/2013,122,107,4,7,4>AMAZE-BALLS ice cream parlor. The ice cream is rich, flavorful, and original ranging in flavors from Bailey's (yum) to Mississippi Mud (yumm) to Banana Oreo (yummm). Any flavor can be converted to a milkshake (awesome) or milkshake float and they can also customize an ice cream cake if ordered in advance (I think). The only downside is that they limit tastings to one teaspoon per customer which is super lame if you're like me and love so many flavors. Credit card sales are also a $10 minimum. COME HERE! You'll be so happy you did!UPDATE: There is no longer a minimum for credit cards!! Huzzah!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,5/8/2013,425,101,3,8,4>I've got to say that in comparison to the other pizza joints in Plainview, La Piazza gets the gold medal! :DWhen I moved to Plainview in middle school, my friends and I would routinely walk from campus to this wonderful Italian pizzeria for a hot toasty pizza slice. It was always worth it in the end (yes, we would be huffing and puffing, our stomachs grumbling) but we'd buy our chosen slice, bite into it, and sigh in relief. Yes, it was always cheesy. Yes, it was always crisp on the bottom. And yes, it was always fresh-tasting. La Piazza, you've got my heart.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/7/2013,657,500,2,3,3>Fresco is a little slice of heaven.This place has by far the BEST crepes I've ever had. And surprisingly enough I've tried them in Paris and in Ireland.... and they were just as good, if not better! The best part about this place is that they serve not only sweet crepes but savory ones too!! As far as the savory goes, I've had the chicken, cheese and veggie one and that was so delicious. But the Top of the List is the NUTELLA CREPE. *cue heavenly music* I cannot even describe the greatness. Honestly, the word Nutella should be convincing enough. But yes, the crepes are packed full of flavor and the perfect amount of thinness. They have regular and whole wheat with many filings. It's a cute, classy place to eat. A favorite of mine in Long Beach.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,5/6/2013,149,241,,7,1>Ok, so I don't give 5 stars easily but after about 4 visits they deserve it. They do not only have incredible food across the board but the consistency is impeccable.So I've had everything from the sushi/shashimi flown from japan, the regular sushi/shashimi the special rolls and it's all great. The only thing I've had that was just ok was the ginza roll but it was more bc the sauce on top, the roll itself was fantastic. The toro tartar and spicy tuna gyosa are fantastic for apps. Although I haven't taken advantage of the very nice assortment of sake, I will soon and they sure do have a ton of options. The decor is very modern and beautiful, a note to the wise, on the weekend it can get quite busy so call ahead. I have had and tried a lot of sushi from many different places and Ginza is one of the best sushi places around. Really give it a shot and i highly doubt you will be disappointed.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,5/5/2013,54,126,3,6,6>I love Mexican food and Huntington definitely has it's share of Mexican places to eat.  My favorite is actually another place that I reviewed on here but I won't mention it in this review.  However that said this place was very nice but definitely a tad pricier than some places. Quetzalcoatl has a pretty nice atmosphere.  It's definitely a better option for a more date-like atmosphere.  They had a man doing some live music while we were there.  They gave us a free mini appetizer and dessert as a lot of Mexican places tend to do.  It's always appreciated.  For a starter I had their black bean soup which was really good and my boyfriend had the Tortilla soup which I tasted a spoonful of and it was very tasty and flavorful. For dinner I had the enchilada suiza except I had mine made with just cheese no meat. I prefer the green sauce over the red.  They were pretty good, I ate almost my whole plate and only stopped because I was too stuffed to finish.  They weren't the absolute best enchiladas I've had but they were still good.The staff was friendly and attentive.  And we were able to redeem a Yelp check-in offer from Quetzalcoatl for a free beer. Overall it was a nice place to go and you definitely don't have to hesitate to eat here.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,5/4/2013,66,269,4,18,8>We tried Jessie's because of the $15 for $30 amazon deal.  The decor choices may be a little off...neon orange table cloths & matching painted dropped ceilings make it feel like Halloween but the furniture, art and layout are a strange combo of Asian lounge, Indian buffet, coffeehouse and pizzeria.  This did not put us off though.  The eclectic look of the place sort of matches the menu, which has some Latin influence as well as BBQ food, deli sandwiches, "gourmet" hot dogs and pizza.  We walked in at 8:30 on a Wednesday night and were the only customers in the restaurant.  Our waitress was a sweet young lady who seemed to be still learning the ropes.  She was friendly, attentive and enthusiastic though, even after we showed her the amazon voucher. The complimentary garlic knots with marinara dipping sauce were a nice touch to start our meal.  Unfortunately, the calamari appetizer ($9.95) was not as good.  The batter looked and tasted like store-bought frozen onion rings, unlike the light crispy calamari I am used to getting at Italian restaurants.  There was also a distinct fishy taste and chewy, rubbery texture, which lead me to believe that the calamari was not fresh.  So, judging by everything I've said so far, you'd expect me to give this place 3 stars or less, right?  Wrong!  Just as the calamari dashed my hopes of good "comfort food," the empanadas and mac & cheese restored my faith.  We tried one of each kind of empanada:  beef (very tasty). pork (stuffed with sausage, not shredded pork, but still very good), and chicken (perfectly spiced and filled with real chunks of shredded chicken)...this sampler was not on the menu.  Empanada prices ranged from $4.95 (for 3 beef) to $7.95 (for 3 chicken).  Since we asked to try one of each, they charged us as if it were all chicken $7.95 which was fine since they were really good.  The baked mac & cheese appetizer ($5.95) was excellent--a generous portion of gooey, cheese-soaked macaroni, baked golden brown and slightly crisp on top.  Bf and I both ordered individual deep dish pizzas, which took about 40 minutes to cook.  We were ok with the wait as it gave us some time to come up for air!  Bf enjoyed the Rattlesnake pizza ($10.25) and my plain tomato and mozzarella deep dish ($8.25) was also very satisfying.  We both took half of our pizzas home.  Drink prices were very reasonable which was a bonus (bf always orders multiple sodas) at $2 for a large soda and $1.75 for a large coffee.  Overall, we were very pleased with Jessie's, so much so that I bought another amazon deal so we can go back and try more of their menu (next time, we're going for the BBQ ribs and "Haute" Dogs).  Hopefully, that calamari doesn't come back to haunt me tomorrow!  Lol.  Either way, Jesse's is a local joint that's worth checking out.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/3/2013,264,355,3,2,3>After my week long visit to California, I was craving some fish taco's! I honestly was expecting LI to have crappy fish taco joints but that its never good to assume. I love the vibe to this place its very casual with the stools and wood tables. The hot sauces they have are phenomenal, make sure you try the smaller bottles if you ain't a puta. On Friday's (the day I came) they have fish taco's for $2 each, 5 per person limit. My sister was feeling generous so she ordered fish tacos, shrimp tacos, chips/salsa, and fries aka a heart attack. Many people before me have reviewed this place so the best way to describe the food is basically stating that you will not have the desire to eat the garbage  that Chipotle or Taco Bell sells after coming here. P.S - I love the South Shore feel this place has, the North Shore is so Zzz and Gatsby like.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,5/2/2013,58,82,,10,3>Branchinelli's finally!  Heard about this place as soon as I arrived in Long Island and finally made it last Thursday.  It was pretty crowded but we didn't have to wait.  On weekends,  I'll call ahead as I'm sure it will be full.One enters Branchinelli's into a large beautiful counter table where all the pizza's are made,  the brick oven is behind the table and one can see the pizzas being freshly made over there.  They have good booth seating areas as one walks deeper  towards the back.We started of with the Pasta Fagiole and Chicken Noodle soup.   The Chicken Noodle was excellent but the Pasta Fagiole was not my style.  I like it with a slight tomato based broth (like Mamma Cucinas in Ronkonkoma).  This was more of the pasta and beans in a neutral broth.  Not bad but not my thing.For my main course tried the grand ol' pasta (ziti) in vodka sauce.  Ohh my my!  Boy o boy!!  Simple dish but what a rich flavorful taste!!!  The ziti was perfectly done (not too hard and not too soft) and the creamy tomato vodka sauce was finger (or fork) lickin good.  Perfect blend of cream and tomatoes, a delight to savor with the tongue.We didn't order the pizza but it looked really good from the next seat. Can't say I wasn't tempted to reach out and pull a slice.  They wouldn't have noticed, they were enjoying their slices too much.Ohh well, there will be a next time pretty soon.  This place is an authentic, good ol' family style Italian and among the best for its price category.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,5/1/2013,218,87,4,11,7>I grew up going here in the summer, and Vinnie always gave me the best cut. Also, it was an "old time" barbershop, complete with a cast of interesting characters, witty banter, and all kinds of crazy signs and bric-a-brac. As I got older, and worked out in the Hampton's in the summer for a time, I would go there for cuts, and Vinnie, knowing I worked in fancy-ass restaurants would say "tell them you went to Vincent's of Amagansett" - indeed Vinnie, indeed. Recently, I passed by and noticed Vinnie's son has taken over - proudly carrying on a tradition for many locals and visitors alike who have waited in the small shop, and feeling as if you are experiencing something from a bygone era. Friendly conversation, dirty jokes (until a woman comes in dragging her kid for a haircut, then out of respect, the conversation is quickly cleaned up) and a GREAT haircut. It makes me happy to know that places like this continue to thrive in todays world of chain stores and impersonal service. Going to a place where they remember your name after a decade is something special. God bless this Barber shop.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,4/30/2013,438,124,7,6,4>I feel like a real man whenever I can get through a Gasm, which has happened approximately zero times because that sandwich is the size of Rhode Island. But nonetheless, I'm not a deli person, there are a million other things I'd normally choose to eat....but then there's Se-Port, that changes everything. I wish that I could pitch a tent inside, hide in the bathrooms when they close, or just marry one of the owners so I can steal all of the sandwich recipes...Basically, I want to move in. I still feel like it just wouldn't be the same though as having the GINORMOUS sandwich at Se-port... usually I go with the Gasm (chicken cutlet, bacon, cole slaw on a toasted garlic hero) or the Boone (Chicken cutlet, melted american cheese, ranch dressing, and bacon on a poppyseed bun)...It's 2am as I write this review and now I'm starving and dreaming about sandwiches. Also, they make an awesome half iced tea  half lemonade, my favorite drink of all time. Long live Se-Port.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,4/29/2013,180,465,3,6,4>The culinary equivalent of being catapaulted into space.  "Wow" is the only word that describes the food here.Everything is so ridiculously delicious, it's hard to believe that it is also good for you.Maggie is a real person and she's there cooking the food you order.  And she's really energetic, speaks passionitely about the food and her love of raw-vegetarian cooking carries over to the dishes themselves.On our way out she was insisting that we try more of what they had to offer, and thank God she did.  I fell in love with the pasta-free lasagna that I ordered, but fell in love again with the dairy free cheesecake made from coconut milk, cashews, dates and caoco- man everything here just rocked and it is reasonably priced.Go!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,4/28/2013,285,275,4,8,5>This is a cute little gem of a diner in Huntington Village.  We came here for brunch with some friends who had just moved into the neighborhood.  We did not wait long for a table (though it was around 2pm when we arrived and I would imagine had we come in earlier, there would be a significant wait) and upon seating, we were given menus that were full of too many good things to choose from.  I wasn't in the breakfast food mood, so I went to the salmon salad.  Oh, and for good measure, a Bloody Mary.  Extra Spicy, please.  The salad was beautifully presented, the greens were fresh, the asparagus spears were perfectly grilled, the salmon was cooked just right, and the dressing was flavorful and light.  The Bloody Mary was strong and deliciously spicy.  I also sampled the sweet potato cake, which if you are in the mood for breakfast foods, is a must-try.We also shared an order of sweet potato fries, which were some of the best I've ever had (I used to swear my Croxley's Ale House's sweet potato fries, but these beat them out.  Seriously.).  Everyone else is my party got something with poached eggs.  Eggs benedict fans, rejoice.  Toast & Co has quite a few spins on classic eggs benedict.  Service was friendly, accommodating, and witty.  Yes, witty.  4.5 stars.  I'd like to give it 5, but I want to come back and try more menu items first!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,4/27/2013,371,182,7,14,10>Trivia Night at Black Sheep! Now that's my kind of fun.This place is great. Let's start with the fact that when you walk in the front door you're met with (what seems like a mile of) beer taps. So many choices! I loved the fact they had a large selection of IPA's and even cask beer. There's a huge menu board behind the bar with the beers on tap or you can ask the bartender for a beer menu. Most of the beers were between $6 and $7.50, that's pretty competitive for the area. They even have Delirium-tremens for $9, a personal favorite. Head further into the bar and you'll find the tables in the back with board games. It's a fun place to hang out with friends. I was there for trivia night so this became center stage for the trivia game. Each table played against each other and the rounds include spoken clues and visual clues, some of the rounds were pretty tough. So now you put together an amazing selection of beers add in a comfortable place to hang with friends and throw in a game of scrabble, it's a winner. Oh, speaking of wieners, they also have an unlimited supply of hot dogs cooking up all day long. And best of all the Hot Dogs are FREE! The bartenders and waitresses here were very fast and friendly. Just the way I like it. I really like this place, I'll definitely be back to explore the beer menu at Black Sheep. You should try it too,Two thumbs up from me, it's a winner! I'm giving up a coveted 5th star for Black Sheep.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,4/26/2013,84,128,,3,2>Although it's still in developmental stages, I see GSB taking off when it gets to that point.  It's large and has a cool vibe to it, with games for drinkers to play and a fun atmosphere.  I especially liked the brews here, they have some very creative flavors like Blood Orange and I like the hint of apricot in their Blonde.  This place is close enough also that I'd visit on the weekend and get my DRANK on for sure.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,4/25/2013,323,115,3,12,9>I've been to every car wash in the area, and Champion in Northport is the only consistently great car wash service. It's all hand wash and they take their time detailing and drying your car every time. Staff is nice and prices are comparable. Service and facilities overall are 'As good as it gets'!  For a spotless finish, take it to the 'Champion'...Champion car wash!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,4/24/2013,113,382,5,5,2>WOWdecent diners are hard to find. BUT Peter Pans is a no brainer for breakfast.even has a cute sign right?I had a cheese omelet big and stuffednice thing they had not just American or cheddar to chose from but colby jack etcwe also ordered apple cinnamon pancakes with big chunks of apples and bursting with flavor , I kid you not really goodour waiter was friendly and yes handsome so what could be wrong? NOTHING!nice breakfast pleasant surroundings and you got your self a good diner
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/23/2013,341,504,4,7,6>My new favorite word is now, "Brewtique" Having come from several other breweries on this day, I almost felt as if more beer was the answer. I said almost! Apparently, I was wrong, and more beer was the answer!Being that I have never been in a place such as this, I didn't know what to expect. So I took the advice of the bar maid and had her guide me through what would be a very enjoyable beer tasting experience. There is large, yet not overwhelming menu to help you select your drink of choice. I recommend going with what the bar keep tells you.Pristine, spotless and a whole lot of fun, Hoptron, while a tad more than a "hop, skip and  a jump" away from where I live, will be a place I will visit again, and again.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,4/22/2013,83,85,5,5,5>When the Thai restaurant in the Papa John's and Liberty Travel shopping center next to Valero (in Selden) closed, we were heartbroken. We live about a good 40 minutes or so away from this restaurant, but we'd always found reasons to come up and east to have the best Thai dumplings on the island. Then, a year ago, my husband and his mother decided to check out this tiiiiny little nondescript shop across from Campus/Corner Heroes (another family favorite worth the trip), and not expecting much, ended up having their faces rocked RIGHT off. The six all-white meat chicken and shrimp steamed dumplings, covered in fried minced garlic and served with a semi-spicy syrupy sweet soy sauce was the giveaway. It was the first symbol of hope that our favorite Thai place had found a new home. After talking to the waitress, he found that this was indeed true. A literal mom-and-pop operation, with one chef and only one waitress (the wife or one of the owner's lovely daughters, who are nice as can be), this tiny, more casual take-out-type joint is a return of this family to the restaurant biz. They closed the bigger location due to the girls going off to college, but reopened because the dad couldn't stifle his love of cooking. (*Tear.*)Anyway, the pad thai here is outstanding. Generous, heaping portions of toothsome noodles with plenty of peanuts, bean sprouts, scallions, tofu and flavor, it's a steal at the menu price and absolutely delicious.The pad see ew makes it hard to order anything else once you've had it. Loaded with egg, broccoli (FINALLY ... a place that gives me enough broccoli!), and plenty of lean white meat chicken, this shit is the bee's knees. The vegetarian version even has enough excitement going on in it to make me forgo the meat. I was stuffed silly with broccoli, mushrooms, napa cabbage, carrots, baby corn, and even green beans, along with the egg and noodles.The Thai iced tea is also great, and I could care less that it was served in a plastic cup. Like other reviewers said, it's not a date-night place. It's a little loud with the TV, and echoey. But the food is fresh, cooked to order practically in front of you, and effing fantastic. So who cares about everything else? It's all about the ingredients and the stellar food.Note: They're closed on Tuesdays and are no longer serving lunch.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,4/21/2013,11,98,4,5,7>Wow!  I can't believe this place has been sitting right under my nose for the past many years and I've NEVER even thought about stepping inside the door.... actually I never noticed it even though its right across the street from Costco where I've found myself at on a number of occasions.  It was only when one of my friends went here (After a another friend raved about it to him) that I decided to join him for dinner there.  Since he first ate here, he's been coming back nearly every friday and saturday for dinner or lunch, and as extreme as that might sound, I kind of get it.Lucky Boy is not your average Long Island restaurant; in fact if you looked at it, you may think otherwise and just pass it over.  From the basic exterior, to the poor location and parking; you'd expect nothing out of the ordinary.  The inside is fairly small and it has an old yet plain decor, which is fine but won't win any awards.  Now what is it about Lucky Boy that makes this possibly the best restaurant in at least a 5 mile radius?  Two words:  The food.Like many others have been saying on here, everything that Lucky Boy makes is from scratch, and it shows when you take that first bite into the warm, delicious pita and semolina bread they bring out to you.  If I wasn't starving I could make a nice little meal out of that alone.  From my two experiences here I've ordered the gyro special and the cheeseburger platter both of which went way beyond my already semi-high expectations.  Portions are big with each meal and came with a big bowl of greek salad (Full of plenty fresh veggies and feta cheese) and a couple of generously portioned sides.  With the burger I had humongous, crispy steak fries, and onion rings with a similar girth, both of which being fantastic.  Its even more impressive that I wanted to eat the onion rings since I'm in general very indifferent of them.  The burger was juicy but not fatty and had a great ratio of bun to meat, meaning I didn't have to worry about toppings sliding out or not having anything to hold onto.  The gyro platter was equally tasty with loads of gyro strips and some shish-kebab.  Despite how full I was getting I resolved to nearly lick my plate clean since just letting a fry go uneaten here would be nothing short of a travesty.  I did not try any of the dessert items but I can tell you that they all are homemade and you're given a large portion.  My friends swear that any of these dishes are delicious and I plan on trying one of them eventually... if I'm daring enough I'll go on to sample the entire dessert menu over time.I also must mention that the staff is extremely friendly and on both occasions I've met the owners who really do their best to make sure you are both comfortable and satisfied with your meal.  The rest of the staff is great too and they give a very welcoming vibe.  Lastly, the prices are for the most part reasonable, especially for some of their regular specials like the gyro platter and more.  Some of the pricer dinner items compensate for their price with large portions that may ultimately give you a second day of leftovers if you don't have the strength to take it all down.I let Lucky Boy slip by me for so many years and wish I could go back in time and tell myself 10 years ago what this place was like, and though I have no Deloreon to take me back, I can make sure you know to not pass this place up.  If you thought about coming here, or never even heard of this place, seek it out and go; you'll be glad you did.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,4/20/2013,11,48,,5,2>I believe this is the best you can get when it comes to diners. Diners are as common in this area as McDonald's or Burger King may be, but there's good and bad diners and as I have been to both kinds. Good diners not only serve classic comfort food for a reasonable price but have that nostalgic feel of a different and much simpler time. Bad diners just possess a weird staff, mediocre food, and a sad setting. The Cookroom is anything but the latter though. Situated in a 50s style aluminum sided building, it has all the fixings of a 1950s diner minus the table side jukeboxes. It's on the smaller side but I think that's what adds to its ambiance. Before visiting this morning, I had heard of this place but never visited as I'm not usually in the area at that time of day as it's only open for breakfast and lunch. The menu has an extensive list of omelets, pancakes, french toast, and a few other things. Though there's many different varieties of each item they do keep it somewhat simple as the breakfast and lunch menu consist of only 1 page each. I opted to get the eggplant, asparagus, roasted red pepper, and mozzarella omelet  with egg whites (additional $1.99)  and whole wheat toast (you can choose from white, whole wheat, or rye) which is also served with home fries. I must start off with the home fries as they are some of the best I have ever had. Crispy on the outside but still soft on the inside...they automatically scored points there with me. The omelet tasted so fresh as the vegetables and mozzarella did not taste like they had been laying around for 2 weeks. I was also impressed with the size as it's easily enough for 3 meals. My boyfriend opted to have the chorizo scrambler with consisted of scrambled eggs with chorizo, peppers, and onions, with what appeared to be a whole avocado on top. I tasted a bit of it and all I could say is "Wow now THAT'S some good s***." You can tell attention and care is put into each plate of food. At some diners I feel like they just quickly assemble the food and throw it on the plate. This may have been my first visit but it will not be my last. My only complaint is that it's cash only. Cash only is a tad bit outdated but it's worth resting the debit or credit for. Also I noticed they're closed Tuesdays.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/19/2013,63,314,2,10,7>This place deserves 5 stars just based off of Pete the chefs attitude, and the atmosphere of the place.  It is not an overly large place, can sit about 10-12 people, and you can tell they do a lot of delivery service.  Came here for lunch with my sister as we were in the area for something.  Took a look at the menu, and I have to say, there are some interesting combinations for heros/platters/meals, but not in a bad way, in a creative way.  We ordered the garlic parmesan pita chips, I ordered the Hercules (slice gyro, diced fries, romaine, tomato, onion, melted mozzarella, and tzatziki) on a hero, and my sister got the Medusa (lamb gyro on warm pita with sauerkraut, melted swiss, and russian dressing).  Unnecessarily I added the soda and side for $3, and got the greek salad as the side.First off, i'm generally a big eater, and I 'could' have finished everything, and when I read on here that the portions are big, I never believe them, it's normal people who think they're big, for me, wow, these portions were perfect.  And what's even better is the price, perfect pricing.  Onto the food.  The pita chips were delicious, I expected a small fry basket worth, nope, a large fry basket worth, there are a lot for the $4.  My Hercules was really good too, and the Medusa, the twist on a reuben was surprisingly good.  The salad was a little lackluster, but it does not hurt the review.When getting the food from the chef, who we ended up speaking to before we left, he outright says, "hope you two are hungry".  I brought the food over to the table, and my sister went, "um, we ordered a lot...".  She's right, we did, but it was worth it.  If we needed more dressing or tzatziki, not a problem, 5 seconds, got it.  We ended up taking half the food home, and while Pete was packing our food up, we talked to him for about 5-10 minutes.  Pete is a world class guy, and even though not all the food was perfect, it was realllllllly good though, this place deserves a 5 solely based on him.  You can tell they have a lot of loyal customers as they were talking to a few people who came in and out by their first name.  And a lady who had never been there and wanted half-and-half, Pete said he would go buy some for her because she said she'd be back to eat.  It's people like Pete who deserve to own be known as a chef.  I will be back.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/18/2013,113,134,3,6,3>Holy chili peppers, Batman, this place is the real deal!!There is no better option for Thai food in Nassau than Centre Thai. It even has most of the city Thai joints beat. Centre Thai has three main things going for it:1. Best lunch special around- you can get a legit appetizer and entree for $5.95. I'd recommend the spring rolls- you get two spring rolls cut in half and presented attractively with a nice plum sauce on your plate. There are lots of options for the entree, unlike some places where you are facing a very limited menu that doesn't feature your fave items. Regular dinner prices are totally fair too.2. Huge menu. I've been a loyal devotee of Centre Thai for years, and yet I still manage to find new items I never noticed every time I come here. And they prepare all of it really well! Some Thai places seem to have one thing they can make or offer seemingly different dishes that all kinda taste the same, but not Centre Thai. You can get a kickass, classic Pad Thai (or, for a twist, Pad Thai rolls) or Pad See Euw or venture on to one of their more exotic offerings.3. Accommodating service. The servers are pretty consistently pleasant, and they aim to satisfy even the most difficult diners- if you are a vegetarian/ vegan, have food allergies, or are gluten free, they are glad to help you find the right dishes that will satisfy your needs. If you're a fire-breathing dragon like me, they'll dial up the spice level and bring you a tray with jars of chili powder, paste, bird chilis, and jalapenos.For those who are into that sort of thing, it's got a surprisingly nice atmosphere, with cool paintings on the walls, lots of authentic Thai decorations (including a picture of a famous past President of Thailand- did you know that Thai means "free," because Thailand was never colonized?!), and it's kind of sexy and dimly lit if you wanna bring a date here.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,4/17/2013,59,184,1,4,5>We had dinner here recently after many people kept suggesting it to me. From the moment you pull up, the service is impeccable. From the valet to the wait staff, everyone was incredibly warm and friendly. The restaurant is large and the decor is absolutely stunning. We went after sundown, but the view was still spectacular as we were seated by the window. Can't wait to come back in the summer to take advantage of the outdoor dining area.The space is perfect for a group or for an intimate date. We found no problem having a nice private date where we could talk without feeling like everyone else could hear us. The noise level was just right. We noticed there were a lot of birthdays/anniversaries around us, so seems like a great spot for a special occasion. The star of this meal was really the gnocchi appetizer my boyfriend had. Really, the lightest gnocchi I've ever had. I could have eaten an entire meal of just that. I had the 8 oz filet, my date had the wellington. I have to admit my steak was a little on the salty side. The wellington was spectacular, though. We also had the tater tots and the macaroni and cheese. The sides were a bit underwhelming. I have noticed that every restaurant we've been to in the past couple months has had tater tots on the menu...These were good, but I was dying for some type of sauce on the side.Dessert was amazing. I had the chocolate cake and my boyfriend had the fruit tart. Both were fantastic, fresh and had a stunning presentation.The bill really wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. Their prices are on par with the service, atmosphere and food they serve.I really want to come back and try the sushi during the summer months because I have heard great things!!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,4/16/2013,301,223,8,8,9>It all started one wintry evening. After a failed attempt to find the perfect Christmas tree, we drove home defeated, hungry and cold... Until we saw a bright yellow star in the bleak darkness. We followed that yonder star, westward leading, still proceeding, guiding us to thy perfect JERK CHICKEN?OK, so it was bright yellow sign and the darkness happened to be the surrounding sketchy suburban strip mall of closed stores, but still it was shining brightly for all to see. And that wintry night, one wise woman and one wise man followed it to palate heaven!This place is a gem. It reminds me of when l had lived in the Caribbean with savory, hearty food, friendly people and loud reggae and soka music videos (with gyrating bodies) on TV. The food is delicious and the servings are pretty massive, especially for less than $10 bucks for a "small" plate. Everything is takeout and there's not much in the way for seating. Best bets:-Oxtails: My favorite meat item. Ultra tender ox tails in a flavorful sauce.-Jerk chicken: Duh, these are amazing. Never dry and always packed full of flavor. They will cut up the large drumstick/thigh for you in the back so you don't look like a caveman eating it.-Stew chicken: Tender, slow-cooked, yummy chicken with carrots. Full of flavor with a homey feel. It's like a hug from your grandma. Sides:I skip the Mac 'n cheese and go straight for the rice and beans. They also have callaloo aka amaranth, which is tasty. Make sure to get the plantains!I have yet to try the roti's, Jamaican patties, coco bread, or salt fish cod. But I'm sure I will be back later this week even for more deliciousness. Plus, I'm told they also deliver!  As they say in Jamaica, jah rule. As they should be saying in Long Island, Negril rule!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,4/15/2013,158,144,3,12,4>I finally found it- Food Nirvana- at Maroni's! SOOOOOO much to write, that's why I have put off this review, but they are all good things! I did the full chef's tasting at on 12/15/12. The tasting is about 25 courses, unlimited beer or wine. Beer included Peroni and Heineken. They have a house wine for all your red or white varieties. I stuck with Sauvignon Blanc. I will start with the ambiance. The place is tiny, like silly small. But I assure you this is intentional. The size gives you the feeling you are at a dinner party, you are a guest in someone's home and have been invited to a lavishly and exquisitely catered party. There is a warm ambiance with comfortable furniture, warm colors and a beautifully detailed trim and ceiling. One the walls you will see classic rock memorabilia, a "Green Eggs and Ham" book, a funny portrait of a dog as a chef. All this while listening to classic rock favorittes that suit digestion. As you walk in or sit down you will be greeted by Mr. Maroni himself. He is a very personable man and you can just tell how passionate he is about food when you eat his creations. Next Service was absolutely top notch. You feel like you are family or at the least very good friends. All the wait staff are knowledgeable and work as a team like a well oiled machine. I went for a tasting and the timing of the meals was PERFECT. Not too much, not too little. I must mention within 5 minutes of being seated you have a drink in hand and your first course.  Then with every course that came after I was amazed the staff did not miss a beat a always knew which course came next. All courses are served in a particular order and the staff made sure we got everything at the right time, in the right order and on a clean and perfect looking table. Last, but NOT least the FOOOOOOD! Wow, just wow times 100! I cannot remember all the courses, too many, but I will recount what I do remember. First course was the "million dollar potato chip" a freshly made potato chip topped with a goodly amount of creme fraiche and black caviar. I am NOT a caviar eater, but I vowed to leave my taste buds in the capable hands of the chef and boy am I glad! It was creamy salty sweet and crunchy magic! Another stand out was the cold platter with a selection of crab legs, oysters and shrimp with a sweet selection of sauces to pair. One was like a sweet cocktail sauce and the other a cognac cream. YUM! Again, not a fish eater...but WOW. All the fish was super fresh and perfectly salted. Even oysters with a lemon herb thing going on was phenomenal. There was a Korean beef that I know had to have been marinated for at least a day, it was so tender and juicy with notes of ginger and soy sauce with some sugar. Another stand out was the veal cutlet parmigiana- I am also not a big veal person, but when he shows up with a veal cutlet the size of a plate that just looks soooo good you know you have to dive in. It was tender, juicy with a perfectly pure marinara. Talking about perfectly cooked, the pieces of rack of lamb were so tender and juicy it nearly dripped on my shirt! A dish that shocked me that I loved was the fried grouper with capers and lemon. I never knew grouper could be so tender and delicious and completely non-fishy tasting.Other shockers included Wild boar carpaccio, gagootz (zucchini) parmigiana and Green (quail) Eggs and Ham.  Some of the small tastes were so exquisitely rich you were glad they were small, such as the spoon of creamy mashed potatoes with lobster and the lobster bisque shooter. Also did I mention truffled mac and cheese- be still my heart! One more favorite was their homemade linguine with marinara. Sooo simple, but simply the BEST pasta I have had to date! The last course was a small slowcooked rib, delish! Not amazing, but good. Now for you that never heard of Maroni's ,they are famous for their meatballs, surprisingly this is the ONLY thing I did not care for. Really nothing special at all! Extra salty almost tasted like they were from a package. So sad to say, but true. The last part was the dessert plate which included creme brule', chocolate mouse with a fire roasted marshmallow top, double chocolate cheesecake and a chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich. All good, but my favorite BY FAR was the chocolate mousse with the roasted marshmallow top. It was absolutely decedent and sooooo sooo rich!One more thing---they asked at the end of the tasting if we were satisfied...seriously?! They would have brought more  if we were not! LOL! I left sooooo sooooo full but it was sooooo sooo worth it! Absolutely best food experience in my life! Total Foodgasm, followed by the necessary food nap! Before you get there you think the $150 is too hefty a price tag, but after you feel like you cheated them! Sooo much food and wine! Such a good experience! Such service! If you are a foodie Maroni's is a MUST!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,4/14/2013,280,325,5,9,6>Possibly the best diner I've ever ate in.Unlike your typical run-of-the-mill diner, the Harvest Diner presents you with an elevated dining experience within its rather surprisingly sophisticated confines. After having some mediocre encounters with underwhelming and downright icky diners in LI, this place makes me want to weep with joy. I may be exaggerating a tad but the Harvest Diner is certainly one of the best of it's kind.The building is big with a pleasant rustic exterior and the interior is very clean, neat, and quite classy for a diner.The place looks excellent and well designed. I honestly wouldn't mind coming here on a date night. I would definitely prefer it to the chain restaurants in the area. My party and I were seated in a booth in one room with a big mirror lined wall that was so pristine it looked like open space. The booths are roomy and quite comfy.We came for breakfast and was rewarded with a delicious meal. I ordered the Eggs Rancheros, a rare find in an LI diner menu.Eggs Rancheros $8.95Ham, chorizo, bacon, onions, peppers, jalapenos, and two eggs any style. Served with sweet plantains and toast. My plate of food was filled with delicious, flavorful, fatty meat. The chorizo was awesome and my eggs were perfectly bright sunny-side-ups.Everything was so tasty and good. You definitely get the value for what you pay. Great atmosphere great food, and good service. I'm a fan.P.S.Free wifi!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,4/13/2013,186,337,5,12,5>This is one of my new favorite places.- GREAT BEER SELECTION- Bloody Mary's made to order- I've only had the pleasure of having their food once - we had truffle mac and cheese and pretzel bites - both fresh and delicious.  - OK - The bartender is fantastic.  I ordered GSB Blood Orange Pale Ale and it turned out the keg was kicked! :(  Don't worry, the bartender set up a little tasting for me to find another beer I'd like just as much and I did!  He really went out of his way to make sure we were having a good time.  It is really great to go to a local place and be taken care of like this.- The restaurant is CLEAN and new and has a great vibe and excellent clientele.  It's not too loud, not too quite, just right, like the porridge! Thank you, POINT ALE HOUSE!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,4/12/2013,5000,690,10,30,18>A Bakery open in the blizzard : )The blizzard that hit Long Island had most stores closed, and people off the road. For a few, me, and a woman celebrating the chinese New Year.. Cardinali was a welcome site, open for business, with two nice ladies working, one of which Paula has been there for many years and makes a mean cappuccino.Cardinali's Is an Italian bakery and a cafe. They carry aritsan breads made fresh every day in addition to standard Italian, semolina and french etc. They carry cakes, fruit pies, italian pasteries, a full variety of their own gelato ranging from light fruit to decadent gianduia (chocolate hazelnut), and special occasion cakes. Their bakers are exceptionally artistic on many of their deserts. They even create actual fruit filled with gelato.Cardinali's is open later than any Long Island bakery often until 9 or 10 on weekends and it's a great late night place for coffee and desert.. They make a variety of espresso and regular coffee. That goes great with their in house made biscotti and pignoli cookies. Thier Italian cookies are traditional Italian style with some variations that are local favorites.  My mother likes their coffee.. which tips the scale to that extra star!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/11/2013,104,200,1,8,1>Good solid Long Island style Spanish restaurant with a cozy atmosphere.Upon our friends invitation, we met at Casa Luis for dinner on a busy Sat night. Getting there about 7 there were still a few spots in the parking area however given the popularity of this local restaurant, parking looks as if it can get tricky later in the evening.Inside is a tight but cozy dining room with bullfighting paintings and Big hats hanging on the posts (reserved for pictures when it's your birthday I was told).The menu has a good selection of Spanish entrees like paella and mariscada dishes in addition to chops and assorted seafood dishes.I went with a seafood mariscada in green sauce with lobster. The plate it was served on was a bit small for the amount of clams, mussels, shrimp and scallops along with a lobster tail. The food, swimming in their rich mariscada green sauce, was very close to spilling off the plate.I would have preferred it served in a pot as they do some of their other dishes and then scooped on to my plate little by little. The green sauce was delicious with garlic and parsley, great for sopping it up with bread afterwards!House made chips and sauteed veggies were served alongside and both were delicious.For dessert, flan of course with a decaf cappuccino. Nice creamy flan floating in a small amount of syrup. In all, a nice meal solid 4 star local gem.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,4/10/2013,198,160,3,6,4>Mmm Thai foodthis place is legit. when it comes down to spicy (THAI SPICY) they will definitely make it spicy for you. How many times I go to a Thai Restaurant who tells me, "are you sure, it is very spicy?" they tell me this all the time when I asked for EXTRA SPICY...and for the most part a lot of the restaurant would fail in this situation.  I can easily say, I can come back to this place not only because it is spicy without having to use extra spice but the overall taste of the food is amazingly tasteful.I had the pad thai extra spicy. This is my favorite dish in general and at all thai restaurant I always order this. I have been here in Long Island for a year now and I must say this is my favorite Pad Thai I tried so far.  I believe I found my new Thai spot.PS. I went with a few fellow yelp members and they can vouch that my dish was spicy =]PSS. NOTHING CAN GO WRONG WHEN THEY HAVE AN OPTION TO B.Y.O.B
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,4/9/2013,10,10,14,19,17>Just like the name says... this is the Best Barber Shop around! I've been coming here for over 15 years, getting my hair cut by the same barber - Junior. No need to change. They have a sign up on the wall "14 Barbers, No Waiting" but I don't mind waiting for Junior, as he usually has a few customers lined up.Their prices haven't changed much over the years - maybe went up $1 since I started going here.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/29/2012,4/8/2013,169,309,7,18,11>Out with the old and in with the new!Savino's recently replaced the tried and true Elegante pizza on Atlantic Ave. New owners, new food and a needed new face-lift have accompanied this Italian style transformation. Additionally, they have a cozy looking wine bar tucked in the corner of the restaurant. The renovated interior and equipment look absolutely immaculate. In fact, the counters are so sparkling clean that even grandma would probably lick a few breadcrumbs off of it. Their service and staff needs a little help. They're brand spanking new and understandably working out the kinks so hopefully the guys who run the show get with the program. They were all helpful but seemed exceedingly flustered trying to figure out who ordered what, where this is, what so-and-so is doing, YO MIKEEEE!!, fixing our order, etc. What should have been a quick pickup turned into quite an ordeal. Again, the staff was very helpful, fixed the order and apologized. The most important factor here, the food, was pretty solid.  Holy Mozzarella!  Sureeeee, everyone says they use "fresh" mozzarella BUT the definition of "fresh" runs the gamete of a bad-mouthing 3 day old slice to mouth-gasimly good slice made that day that melts without heat. Savino's mozz was pretty close to the latter. Made in house and pretty awesome-sauce all the way, it was generously found in my eggplant paninni. It seems like they also use the pizza dough to make the bread for the paninni as well. That's dedication my friends, delicious dedication.The minestrone soup was probably the best I've ever had the pleasure of touching my lips to. I admit I've only had it from a can but I wont go back to the aluminum again after tasting it. I Promise. Their salad slices look pretty over the top and they have a "Drunken Grandma" pizza on the menu. Must try - both of them. Savino's is off to a good start ....and I expect it to get even better!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,4/7/2013,65,130,,4,3>I went to Brasserie Cassis with my friend Ed after reading of it on a Review of the Day.  I am happy to say that this small french restaurant lived up to my expectation.First thing's first.  If you use gps to get to this lovely eatery, enter in the address and not the location.  On google maps you can just search the location and then navigate to it, but this took me to a shopping center/strip mall one block south to the actual location.Once there you'll find the menu has a great selection of yummy food.  Unfortunately I did not see a duck entree.  Insert many sad faces here.  I ended up getting the hanger steak and Ed got a burger.  The hanger steak was very very good.  I got it medium which I think in retrospect was a great decision.  Ed got his burger medium as well.  He cut me off a piece and it was excellent.  Truth be told I think I would get a burger if i went back.  The burger had a great texture, juicy and tender.  Although my steak entree was delicious I didn't think it was $23 delicious.  I would have been more happy paying around $18 especially since the side dish was french fries.Although we didn't have dessert we did have coffee.  The coffee was better than i expected and so that gets a big thumbs up from me.  The restaurant's decor is very nice, the staff was very friendly, and they had futbol on in the background.... huzzah!  If you're in the mood for french and you're in the area, then def stop by Brasserie Cassis.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,4/6/2013,35,24,3,8,4>Tea and scones, done well and English! The owner is from the country herself, and e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g, down to the butter, is home/hand-made there in the establishment. Very impressive, and of course delicious.I brought my "second Mom" here one afternoon, a few days after Hurricane Sandy hit Long Island. It was one of the few places that wasn't overwhelmed by people without power looking for a hot meal.. it was actually quite the opposite.Small, quaintly set up tables, with a cute welcome mat to brush your shoes off on. The seating is open to wherever you choose. There were maybe two or three tables filled, so we had plenty of options and sat by the big bright windows.The menu isn't very large, which is fine (and makes selections easier actually!): Light Breakfast (scones, yogurt and fruit, toad in the hole, french toast), assorted Salads, Sandwiches, and a few warm dishes (quiche, crepe, shepherds pie, and soup du jour)This place is classy, sweet, quiet, and incredibly scrumptious.Chat Noir is on a street that is not very busy, so parking isn't too difficult to find. It IS recommended that you make a reservation! As a traditional tea house, a pot of tea takes about 20 minutes to seep... so have patience with your servers :)This is NOT a place where you're going to pop in and out on a 30 minute lunch break... expect to be here at LEAST an hour. Between tea service and dishes made from scratch and served fresh, this is a process that takes time and an experience to be savored. Plus, idle chit chat over tea seems the proper thing to do..I really enjoyed my lunch and my pot of tea. My second mom is a major tea drinker, so my selection of Chamomile Lavender put a big smile on her face and took us both away from the stress of what the Hurricane had left upon us.Please try their scones on your first visit.. they're baked fresh, and butter/jam selection ALSO made fresh! I was definitely stuffed after what I ate, but I had to complete the experience with a few scones. Greatest decision I made that day, besides taking my first step through the front door... ;)
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/5/2013,238,372,3,9,6>Sweet'n'Savory is a "Crepe and Rice Pudding Bar" that has moved in to the Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson about 2 months ago. It's in the location of what used to be, Eat Piada. I hadn't noticed that Eat Piada closed down until last night when I noticed SnS. At that point I determined it was a must to stop in and write about them :) It's located at the corner of Chandler Square on the Main St side, just a stone's throw away from the Village Way.The layout is almost identical to Eat Piada's layout (like many other restaurants that have been cycling in and out of that location), and the very dark espresso/black interior with tin accents is actually really cool. You'd think it's almost gothic because it's so dark (think of Witches Brew in Hempstead) but is tastefully done! You wouldn't think a "Gothic-esque kinda" Crepe and Rice Pudding Bar would come to Port Jeff but it has!!I've never been to a rice pudding bar...very interesting and thumbs up for creativity. Indians (from the subcontinent), know a thing or two about rice pudding. The Indians claim they invented rice pudding, but so do the Italians. I will say this - Basmati rice is the best rice in the world. Italians don't have a rice that can compete...Crepes are by far my favorite dessert in the world - nothing can beat them, they are extremely versatile, can be used in a number of different applications, and are loved by everyone.Here's how it went down:Rice Pudding Bar:+ I didn't order any rice puddings however, they did let me sample 4 of them and these guys are on to something. I would've preferred Basmati rice but for American/Italian Rice Pudding, the consistency will do. They have some very interesting flavors (think comforting) and rotate them out with the season and availability. I will come back and write a review update on their rice pudding. But so far via the samples, it's pretty damn good.Crepe Bar:+ & -. #12. Nutella, Bananas, Strawberries and Fresh Cream. $8.50. It was made quickly, the Nutella was plentiful and amazing (when isn't it?), the bananas were thick and just right in terms of quantity, the strawberries were good (especially because they were now slathered with Nutella), and the fresh on the side was good as well. The crepe however, was a bit too thick/doughy for my liking and should've been a hair thinner and crispier. It's a fine line in crepes between the right amount of dough and crispiness vs. a thick and doughy crepe. So I'll have to dock them a few Nutella points for this...:(. It was still damn good however, was lacking that slight crispiness that should be there / I like.Service:+ Ivan who owns and manages the joint, is from Mt. Sinai and is very friendly. He takes the time to get to know you at the counter while helping you decide what you want. These guys are set to make a TON of crepes - they have 4 crepe machines (or perhaps even 5) and can crank these babies out fast! I forgot the girl's name who made my crepe, but she used to work at Ralph's for over 5 years and was really nice. She seemed to be a local and knew what she was doing...Other:- I noticed that their prices are slightly higher for crepes than what you're normally used to paying for. Usually around the country, I'm used to paying $5-6-7 for crepes and their prices range from $7-8-10+.Overall?I hope these guys are successful and can last at this location. Unfortunately, this location has been plagued by unsuccessful restaurants, but perhaps Sweet'n'Savory can be the winner. I hope so because PJ needs a place like this - especially a crepe bar / dessert bar. I'm sure it'll be jammed in there over the Summer as it was very busy last night (for a weekend night in January). There once was a Russian owned Crepe/Dessert/Piano bar where Kimi now is, called Rachelle's about 7-8 years ago...I was sad to see it go.Food: 12Service: 12Ambience: 12Alcohol: -Grade: ATHIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/4/2013,24,38,,4,2>Came here twice for the chef selected 7 course meal on Tuesdays and left extremely satisfied. Just about everything was delicious, and for only $40 a head it's a steal. The butternut squash cappuccino soup is probably the best thing ever, in addition to the nutella biscotti bread pudding. Other favorites were the sliders with homemade tomato jam, orzo mac and cheese, and calamari. Service was excellent as well. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/3/2013,5,27,,4,2>Silverfox shot my wedding over 5 years ago and I still couldn't resist writing a comment about them. John was so amazing to me and was beyond patient in letting me take my time picking out the shots I wanted for my album. He truly made everything that might not have gone as planned that day disappear and gave me the album of my dreams! We recently needed some photos taken for a business venture and Silverfox was the first place we thought of. They were prompt and courteous. They came and took some very flattering shots that we will be proud to display. If you are considering a photographer please listen to me when I say that John and his staff will work their hardest to create the photos that will last a lifetime. A+ job!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/2/2013,3,3,,3,6>Fantastic! Just got back and my whole family enjoyed it. The service was fast and friendly. The woman who waited on us was very helpful and anxious to teach us (we seemed to be the only non-Koreans in the restaurant - always a good sign). My wife had the YukGaeJang (Spicy Shredded Beef Stew) - delicious.. My daughter had the Spicy Seafood Soup - lovely, (not too) spicy broth and noodles with a nice variety of seafood - clams, mussels, shrimp, squid, and tiny crab leg. I had the spicy sauteed Squid - something I often have when I eat Korean. It was a nice sauce - again not too spicy - I could have stood a bit more heat - with the usual onions and zucchini. They served theirs with noodles, a first for me. A nice mix, but I still needed the bowl of rice to get up all that yummy sauce. The squid was super tasty although there were at least 5 inedible pieces - just too tough - like there was something like cartilage inside, not sure if it was a traditional thing, but I've never had the squid where I couldn't eat all but one or 2 pieces. Still I enjoyed the rest of it.We finished with the 'Korean tea' (as named/recommended by the waitress). Very nice - and on the house :) We'll be back!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/1/2013,3,19,3,6,3>I finally had the chance to go to Reese's 1900 after hearing so many positive things about this pub/restaurant.  I have to say I was not disappointed.  Nice atmosphere, great choices and on the menu,  and the food was great!  I had a marinated NY strip that was excellent. Keep in mind that I eat at all the great steak houses (Morton's, Flemmings, Palm, Capital Grill, Uncle Jacks etc.) and the quality of my steak was great. The vegetable tower was a nice surprise as an appetizer also. Go there, relax, have a drink, chill and have a great meal.  I'll be back!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,3/31/2013,62,198,1,5,6>I think my biggest problem at Tula is trying to decide what to eat there on the menu. I'm always prepared to be confronted with what I would consider "alternative" cuisine, as in "organic, vegan, vegetarian" or otherwise just plain healthy. At my heart I'm a true meat and potatoes guy, but I enjoy stepping out of this realm and seeing what interesting things can be done in a meal which will not clog my arteries.My last venture was the Tula Burrito. It goes against my nature to eat a burrito with no meat, poultry, or fish in it, but since I could stand to shed a couple pounds after the holidays I gave it a whirl. It's now my favorite dish there. I've also had the salmon cakes, which are excellent. I was not much of a fan of the kabob chicken, it seemed a little bland to me. My dad once had the turkey meatloaf and I thought it was pretty kickass for being made from a bird and not meat. For appetizers, I love the Med Spread and also very much enjoy the gratis bean and pita plate. The wine list is small but not astronomically priced. The menu is sort of astronomically priced, as in not a single entree is less than $20 and the portions are not really lending themselves to providing you with leftovers, but you should expect to pay a bit more at a place with this type of quality, freshness, and uniqueness. Service is great as the waitstaff knows the menu quite well and they are prompt. Decor is nice and comfortable.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,3/30/2013,35,234,3,6,5>this is one of those times when i'm incredibly grateful for yelp and the people who submit reviews...i stumbled across LCK on here while trying to find a new place for dinner since i couldn't think of a single place i'd been before that i was dying to go back to tonight...reviews seemed pretty good, a quick glance at the online menu had my mouth watering at the thought of some of these concoctions, and that was good enough for meturned out to be an experiment well worth it and then some - what we found was an unbelievably friendly spot with great waitstaff (sal is one kickass waiter - super knowledgeable & helpful every step of the way), an excellent drink list, and food that shows a real culinary vision and that is skillfully put together to create a really memorable experience...the meal begins with a yummy basket of popcorn (truffle oil & cinnamon on it according to our waiter - strange sounding i know, but it was very good)...had the pan roasted scallops & truly enjoyed every single bite, tasted wifey's roadhouse sandwich as well which was really good - and to contradict those who said in their reviews that LCK won't do changes to menu items, she asked for this with no mushrooms and it was done no questions asked...shared this delicious cinnamon roll dessert whose name is escaping me at the moment but it was a really nice way to wrap up a great mealbe forewarned: the parking really sucks around here - we got very lucky on our second trip around the block and landed a spot near the door, but it was becoming quite tempting to park in the mcdonald's on the other side of merrick rd & run across...that to one side, i can't think of a single problem with this great spot that i really look forward to coming back to over and over again, with a menu like this it will be hard not to become a regular so that i can try all the dishes i just didn't have room for tonight
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/29/2013,21,23,2,7,5>If I could give 5+ stars I would. I think this is my new favorite restaurant! I made reservations for 730 for my boyfriend and I. We walked through the back entrance. The outdoor seating was so cute! I wish I knew about this place in the summer!We were greeted right away and seated downstairs. The decor is very nice. Two floors. It is a pretty big place, however, I am not crazy about the seating. That is probably the only thing I didn't like. The tables are small and close together. We felt a little cramped. It seems a lot of restaurants have this type of seating now. Our waitress was very Friendly! Service was fast, but not rushed.I had the house cabernet. Very good.For appetizers, we shared the bruschetta and the risotto. Both were delicious !!The bruschetta was different than most. It was more of a tomato puree with cheese.For an entree I had the Scampi pesto. Amazing. I ate the whole thing! I'm glad I got the full portion. I also like how they have an option to order half portion entrees. My boyfriend got the Chicken Marsala. He loved it. Everything here was just so tasty, and the service was great. Will be going back soon! :-)
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,3/28/2013,101,204,,5,5>Mixologists dream. Welcome to an understated, warm, and friendly bar where the infused vodkas are flowing and the bartenders actually know the menu!  Incredible apple pie drink tasted like you we digging into the middle of a pie after thanksgiving dinner...yes it was that good! Beer selection is meticulously selected and very impressive. Definitely try the ommegang wheat beer from upstate in a belgium style craft...gorgeous color. Loved how knowledgeable the bar staff was about everything. Thank you yelp elite squad for bringing this cocktail oasis to our attention!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,3/27/2013,196,94,5,7,6>Oktoberfest Rounds.I love this time of year when the temperature starts to cool and Oktoberfest celebrations star to pop up all around. It's time to round and this cozy neighborhood German restaurant is worthy of a stop. The inside of the restaurant is festively decorated like a warm little Bavarian ferienhaus. No matter what time of year you go here, it always feels like Christmas! Oktoberfest is no different; it adds to the festive feel of the celebration - and the free flowing liters of Hofbrauhaus Munchen don't hurt either!Food is pretty decent and reasonably priced. Suaerbraten at a mere 19.95 tasted like it spent some time in a decent brine and had the traditional gingersnap gravy -- also served with red cabbage and a potato dumpling. We also ordered the "Best of the Wurst" platter (Brat, Weiss, and Knock) for 17.95. Also comes with two sides and is A LOT of food..2 people could share this.Service was the only downfall. Perhaps they hire young kids as servers during this busy season, but the customer service was just not there. We were kind of left hanging throughout the meal as tons of servers seem to be very busy doing everything but checking on their tables. Oh well, my liter of Hofbrau kept me busy.There was also traditional live German music to complete the experience which made for a fun evening. This place has live bands throughout October as well as the year so check out their website for the latest.Highly recommend a visit. Enjoy!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,3/26/2013,52,302,7,10,7>Very interesting place, and the only such somewhat authentic Sichuan place in the area.  Be warned, the employees here do not know english at all really.  I believe they gave me 4 words of english the entire time "Sank you" and "More napskins?" (sic)  Which of course I think is fantastic.  Sichuan dishes are known for their spice (and unfortunately oiliness) but they definitely made my food "white guy spicy"  which is understandable as they want to keep their business.  I think the only thing I know in Chinese is the word for spicy when they say it it sounds something like gell-LA.  So I would appreciate it much spicier.  We ordered Hotpot and the lamb and cilantro dish.  Both quite good, and they just bring out whatever comes out first, even if the other dish (hotpot) takes a lot longer.  If I did it again I would just order the hotpot as it was a tremendous serving that was not consumable by a normal human in one sitting. Overall shocking to have such a place in Centereach and it is a testament to the growing palate of people out here in the sticks. I really do hope the current trend of opening authentic ethnic restaurants continues and Yao's is a good addition.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,3/25/2013,69,200,1,6,2>There are so few places that make their own wings and use sauces other than grocery store hot sauce.  This is such a place.  The wings are always crisp and meaty and their sauce assortment is admirable.  on our last outing we went with the spicy BBQ sauce and the Asian blast.  Both worked very well.  Mild amount of heat but comfortable enough so that after 10 wings it was still tasty.  The Asian blast has a sweet note as well that make it almost good enough to eat with a spoon.  On occasion my wife has had the burger and my son one of the BLT sandwiches.  Both of which were devoured without complaint.  I take that as a good sign that they can do more than wings.  The boneless wings (chicken fingers) are nice as well.  Nice breading and a little spice note even without any sauce.  Better wings than the place with the Owls by far.  Check them out
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,3/24/2013,159,531,2,3,4>So far my husband and I have come here twice. The portions are huge and the staff is very friendly. When you first walk in you automatically get a bread basket and some cold pasta with chick peas and olive oil as a complimentary meal starter. You are also asked if you want a complimentary glass of wine. The first time we came it was pretty busy so our waitress didn't come by very often, but the second time we came the waitress and the hostess both made sure our meals were okay and kept asking us if everything was okay. The bread was great it was worth the calories! I'm trying to stay away from bread and keep my bread and carb intake limited. If I choose to eat a piece of bread now it needs to be good since I'm not having it so often. My husband said the bread was good from the bread basket and he was right. I got spinach pie the first time we came here, and the Arizona salad without the chicken the second time. The salad was huge, they gave me extra cheese and extra walnuts when they found out I don't eat meat. I ate some salad at dinner, then I ate some the next day after that I had to throw it away because salad doesn't last long in the fridge before it starts getting soggy.My husband had the chicken parm twice. Definitely a top diner!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/23/2013,34,72,,5,3>I saw The Queen Extravaganza at the Paramount, and it was a really great show and fun time had.  The Paramount itself is conveniently located in the middle of Long Island and has some pretty good shows on their calendar.  The main area is standing room only, but you can pay more to sit on the upper level.  The sound is good, but not great.  Bars are plenty and conveniently located, with two off to the sides of the standing area, so you don't have to miss the show.  The beer is definitely on the expensive side at $8, but what venue doesn't sell overpriced beer??  I recommend hitting some local bars before going in.  One complaint that I have is that The Paramount website advertises a free shuttle from the train station the night of a show.  It fails to mention that this trolley does not run on Sundays, so we ended up having to take an $11, 4 minute cab ride.  All in all, I had a great time.  If there's a show you want to see at The Paramount, definitely go.  And if you can see The Queen Extravaganza, I highly recommend it!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,3/22/2013,123,466,3,5,3>I visited again recently, and this place is still a top Thai spot for me in the Queens/LI area.I ordered my usual: yellow curry with chicken, hold the cashews! I wish they would serve more rice with each dish, though. I ended up having to ask for extra rice, which cost $1.50 more. How else am I supposed to soak up all that delicious yellow curry? They also forgot to bring a ginger ale to our table that we had ordered, but they easily took it off the bill when we brought it to their attention. No big deal. The place is BYOB, in case you didn't know -- the folks next to us were enjoying their own bottle of wine. The service was wonderful, and the waitresses were all super sweet. The owner also seems like a cool guy.The place was filled to the brim with folks late on a Saturday night, so it was a bit noisier than usual. Hey, they're getting business, so that's a good thing! Glad to see they are doing well.I'll be back!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/21/2013,145,285,1,5,3>Ordered takeout last night and we'll be back.There was no one eating in the restaurant which was lacking any real style from my quick inspection, white table cloths and very little else caught my eye but the staff was friendly and my order was ready promptly.The pad thai was good, portion was pretty big for only $8.95, plenty of shrimp which were cooked perfectly, overall it could've used a Little more flavor and maybe a little heat.The thai spicy lo mein with beef was awesome!!  Same size portion as pad thai and only $8.95 too it was loaded with tender beef some broccoli and onions and was packed with both flavor and HEAT - nice and spicy!!Nice addition to Wantagh.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,3/20/2013,194,165,,4,5>This is my second time here and I had the pancakes with fruit on top and blueberries mixed in the batter, presentation very nice and the food was good and filling.  Everything was very fresh.   The atmosphere is very nice and the customer service is good .  The  restaurant seems very clean and well kept.  Bit of advice go during the week , weekends it is very crowded .   Well worth it.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,3/19/2013,117,234,11,9,12>Last weekend while coming back from the Long Island farmers market (review forthcoming), we decided to have lunch and cocktails in Northport and were window shopping the menus along the main drag, when we doubled back to try Bistro 44. I'm very glad we did- it turned out to be a very enjoyable experience. Upon entering, we bumped into another couple entering at the same time. We joked about having lunch together as the host assumed we were together (having entered at the exact same time) Then someone said,  "say why dont we all sit at the bar to eat" what ensued was a very nice conversation over food and drinks for possibly two full hours. The french onion soup was good but not better than anywhere else you can get on the island. But  what really shined was the bistro box, a four square box of culinary delight and I recommend it highly. The help at the bar was friendly, attentive and joined our conversations very appropriately. Our fortune, so it seems, was the introduction to Rob and Karen, who lived in town and seemed to know everything there is to know-- from theater to every restaurant- it truly made for a very nice time and since we are new to the area, we appreciated getting the skinny on this great little town.The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice, not extravagant in any way but the bar runs along one wall and there are booths and tables throughout and although we didnt see them, we were told that there is limited seating outside in the back. If you pull up their website, you'll be surprised to find menus from other area restaurants---- we thought, "WHAT?"---- I dont know exactly how this works, but you can order food from other restaurants close by and it will get delivered to this restaurant!!!!! I'm not joking..... I think there is a collaboration between some of the restaurants and although it seems counter- intuitive, this is something I'm looking forward to seeing for myself on a future visit. Maybe you'll get lucky enough to enjoy a good meal in this nice little restaurant, and luckier still to meet a nice couple to share the ins and outs of this quaint little town along the water.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,3/18/2013,218,126,2,4,5>Amazing wine and liquor selection! Easy location, and parking. The prices are pretty amazing as well and they often have promotions. The front of the store has some neat deals if you need a quick bottle to go! Must take a second and really comment on how amazing their wine selection is. It is really REALLY good, and theres about 8 walls of just wines to choose from. The store is def tightly packed, so you must maneuver around some stacks on stacks, but don't be intimidated, you will be excited about whatever you find. Pavillion Wine & Spirits def has the BEST wine selection around, I promise you won't regret stopping in!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,3/17/2013,42,35,3,7,4>The Crushed Olive is genius. If you are a fan of balsamic vinegar and/or olive oil, you absolutely have to come to The Crushed Olive. Sitting right on Main Street in Huntington the store is surprisingly large. A few dozen different infused olive oils and balsamic vinegars are on display in big metal canisters, all available to try and taste with free pieces of fresh bread. Prices are cheap and they bottle your choices on the spot for you.I settled on the traditional 18-year old balsamic vinegar and a honey-ginger infused white balsamic vinegar. Lets just say I've been consuming more bread than usual since I bought these. With flavors like black and white truffle, almost every fruit imaginable, and an entire gourmet cheese shop in the back, The Crushed Olive is a hidden gem in Huntington.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,3/16/2013,140,162,4,6,4>This place is really cool. The boy and I finally got around to trying it last night, and what an excellent decision that was. The inside of this place was FREEZING, so we got our order to go. I like that the menu offers you plenty of options, that you can create your own unique combo. Cool. I dig. I have always been intrigued by the Asian soups that are more like a meal, unlike your standard wonton/miso/ect. So, I threw caution to the wind and created the Mandi special soup. Here's what I ordered up:Thai basil broth with udon noodles, tofu, chicken, baby corn, carrots and bean sprouts. The boy got steamed chicken with veggies, teriyaki sauce and Jasmine rice. We brought it home and dug in. I was pleasantly surprised on how they packed the items. The chicken was in it's own container, as was the broth. The noodles and veggies were also in their own container. Nice touch, so the noodles didn't get overly soggy and the veggies didn't lose their crunch. This thing was HUGE. I couldn't even finish it all in one sitting. I liked the broth a lot - but like Drew said, it could have definitely been spicier. Bring on the heat! I kinda ate the chicken as a side dish since it had a sauce on it, and didn't think it would taste right in the soup. The boy liked his dish and said that the steamed chicken was better than your typical Chinese food fare. Great for what it is. Only disappointment was my fortune from the fortune cookie, "You can lead a horse to water but you cannot make him drink." C'mon, are the people who write these losing their creativity and falling short on ideas? We will for sure be back.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,3/15/2013,383,272,3,5,5>3.5 Stars. The Black Forest Brew Haus has a nostalgia factor for me, so please take that into consideration with what I'm about to tell you. We've been regulars for a number of years, so after awhile you stop seeing the cobwebby rafters, the battered rug in the dining room area and the grotesque sample dessert platter with crumbly plasticized desserts on it. This place is not spectacular by any means, but a fun place to go with a big group of friends for some yeasty beer, delicious flamecakes (like a thin pizza with onions, marscapone cheese and bacon), German wursts and great burgers. This is THE place to go on Long Island for Fasching (Carnival) or Oktoberfest.  No, it's not like a REAL biergarten, it's the American type. And it's great. The kind of broken-downess of the place grows on you. The strange waitresses and their crazy haircuts grow on you.  Even the dueling pianos and freezing outside while sitting at picnic tables during Oktoberfest grows on you.  I highly recommend you go and experience BFBH in all it's bizarre glory.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,3/14/2013,234,238,1,10,7>This is the second Mi Tierrita restaurant I been to. The one in Patchogue is second best compared to this place. This is definitely the better one of the two. The bandeja tipica and the chicken platter was great. The blood sausage is to die for. The chicken platter comes with a bowl of chicken soup which was delicious. The meal also came with rice and beans, fries, and 1/2 a chicken. The chicken typically is dry, but NOT THIS PLACE. It was moist!!! Bandeja was also tasty. This is now my new local go to place for Colombian food.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,3/13/2013,382,325,8,6,6>I was SO HUNGRY yesterday.Like, anyone that made the mistake of texting, emailing, BBMing me, facebooking me...anything...got to ride the complain train with me for a few minutes while I whimpered about my poor stomach being forced to eat itself (whats that you say, I could have just had a snack from my kitchen?  how dare you)My friend grew incredibly tired of my incessant complaining and figured the only way to shut me up was to put me in a food coma.  and it WORKED.I put down a rice ball, half a chicken parm hero AND two white slices.  It was most likely one of the greatest white slices I've ever had.  I never realized how much I loved white pizza until a few years ago, and since then have been a queist to find the greatest slice.boom, done.  There was a delightful amount of ricotta, without being heavy and nast-tastic.  The chicken cutlets in the hero were thin, and they had this great crust.  I even liked the sauce and I'm usually annoying about sauce.  Seriously - annoying, I know, hard to believe.the rice balls were great - I haven't had a rice ball in such a long time and I was glad I mentioned them the other day.  I'm also glad that my friend listens to me and remembered.  So, will I come back here?  You bet your sweet ass I will.  Yum.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,3/12/2013,95,270,1,3,4>I have been coming here for years and years. It used to be on Ring Road, as I recall, in the Roosevelt Field Shopping Mall.  I had that big party there back in 1985 (AKA wedding) It has moved off the mall property to a side street but it still butts the shopping center and it's still very good. I have never ever eaten dinner here. I only do lunch. They have a decent buffet which features all the mainstream Indian food one might like. The yellow lentil soup was very good today as was the the Paneer, Tandori Chicken, Chicken Tiki Masala and Naan. Service is courteous and prices are fare. You never get surprised here but you get your fix. 4 thumbs up!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,3/11/2013,46,88,4,6,6>My car had no chance: Hurricane Sandy and the snowstorm a week later delivered a one-two sucker punch that resulted in a large chunk of a tree falling onto my car. At the time, Great Neck had been suffering massive power outages, so none of my local auto body repair shops were accepting cars or even taking phone calls. Geico suggested Jefferson Auto in Manhasset. I had no way of telling how good they were, so I just had to take it on faith that they could be trusted. It turns out to have been the best thing that could have happened.Jefferson Auto came promptly and was very efficient in picking up the car. Steven at Jefferson Auto could not have been more professional during the whole nor helpful during the whole ordeal, even when Geico failed. For example, Geico told me to go to a local car rental place to pick up my "free" rental car. The rental shop told me there was--I kid you not--at least a 2-3 month wait for a car, and Geico said that there was nothing they would do. When I mentioned this in passing to Steven, after just a phone call he was able to do work things out so I could get a car. All the personnel at the auto rental place had wonderful things to say about Jefferson Auto. I had an extenuating situation where I had to go overseas while the car was being repaired. Steven was kind enough to keep me apprised of the status of the repair through email, as well as be flexible about the date I could pick the car up. Other shops might have charged me a fee for every day I didn't pick up the car after it was done, but Jefferson has the feeling of a great, friendly neighborhood business that still knows how to treat its customers right with a handshake and a smile. I picked up the car today. I could tell by the quality of the job that Jefferson is a place that puts extreme pride into the smallest details. When Steven presented the car to me, he noticed a few black scratches on the bumper and he immediately told his personnel to take the car in to touch up those specks. I'll be honest, the rest of the job was so high quality that I probably would have been happy to overlook those, but within minutes they delivered the car again with the specks repaired with uncannily good color matching. I hope I don't get into another situation where I need auto body repair, but if I do I know where I'm going first, and I would wholeheartedly recommend Jefferson to others. Ironically, because they're about a one minute walk from the Manhasset train station, my apartment is about a five minute walk, and it's a three-minute train ride, it was more convenient for me to go to Jefferson to pick up my car than to get to my local auto body shop (which is easily a 20 minute walk).
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/10/2013,26,96,4,4,5>I've frequented Rosemarie's a few more times since my first review.  I've upped my review a star because I might not have given them their due.  Buffalo chicken slices are really on point.  Super filling, plentiful with the chicken and lots of kickin' Buffalo sauce.  I find too many places are skimpy with the chicken and very low on Buffalo sauce, making for a very dry bland slice.  Not here! A few times when I was sick , I ordered the Tortellini in Brodo , aka tortellini in chicken broth.  So simple, right? Why not make it at home? I have and it's just better when you order out! lol And the last thing you want to do is cook when you are under the weather! But it is delish and comforting, with a big hunk of Italian bread. Nothing wrong with that! Mangia!!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/9/2013,698,2009,6,10,8>IndianNew Chili & Curry just rocketed to the top of my "must have" Indian list - it is that good.  We had to wait in line for about 15 minutes but let me tell you here and now - I'd wait for a long time to get in there and I am not known for waiting for anything.  The place is small- so be prepared to not only wait to get in but to be in close proximity to the tables around you.  Don't fret, it all works out nicely.  The wait staff are excellent at navigating the small space and you will absolutely enjoy the results of the wait.Menu is extensive and contains Thai items as well.  I actually was curious about the Thai end of things and started with the Tom Yum soup - holy wow- that stuff was just as awesome as I remember it.  I have found it very hard to get full-on spiced Tom Yum on Long Island but now I have found the secret spot for it.We ordered up some varied Indian - some lamb, some chicken, some channa etc - so we had a nice selection of stuff to share and try.  Everything was perfectly seasoned and we had no leftovers - we devoured it.The clientele is heavy on east Asians which to me, speaks volumes about the quality and authenticity of the food there.  Prices were fine and you will be content when you leave.Get yourself in there soon!Parking on the street is limited - so you may need to walk over.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,3/8/2013,642,123,,7,5>One of the Only bagel stores in all the Hampton's that makes real New York Style Bagels. Great fresh sliced Nova Salmon is to die for. The owners are really nice people, and everyone who works there is a pleasure to speak with. Good service, great coffee and great assortment of tea's. Love this place ! Nice sidewalk tables during the beautiful weather is a nice touch.Lines out the doors on the weekends.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/7/2013,181,320,,8,8>CHEESE! Argh, I totally knew the guys names a moment ago, but I can't remember...one was Chase (like the bank, but without the money!). In any case, these guys were awesome. Super knowledgeable and friendly. And HOLY CHEESE Batman! They had some super nice varieties, although unfortunately this location doesn't have a tremendous selection, only about 50 cheeses. But they were so friendly, and would let me try anything and everything, and were able to make brilliant  recommendations based on the cheeses I liked. I can't believe it, but I HAD to buy their Truffle Gouda. It was out of this world! I'm a big cheese fan, and know what I like, but that was pretty stellar. Earthy, but rick and pungent. Pricey obviously, but a little slice didn't run the bank too much. It's a weird concept having the cheese shop w/ the olive oil place, but I'll be going back for the cheese for sure. Ultimately, it's a good concept, especially if they rotate their cheese selection often. I'll definitely have to make a trip to their larger shop in the city. But nice to have such a great place so close to home!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/6/2013,273,306,,8,6>Today I had an appointment at a different tattoo shop with an artist who had done a piece for me before. I arrive at said destination to be told that my artist had quit. No one called me, no one told me, and I went into panic mode. I had remembered that my family friends had gotten tattoos at Da Vinci before and I immediately picked up the phone and called, because I was determined to get the tattoo today. I was told to come in and to ask for Marc. I walked into the most immaculate tattoo shop and was greeted immediately. Marc came by and helped me decide exactly what I should get. A few moments later, I was taken his room and prepped for my ink.My intention was to get a small treble clef behind my ear. The tattoo took less than 10 minutes. It is perfect. But because it took such a small amount of time, I decided I wanted to get a bass clef on the other side. Marc made it happen quickly, and it was perfect.I am so happy with my tattoos. The shop was so clean. Marc was amazing. I'd definitely suggest this shop, and specifically Marc as an artist, to anyone looking for a good tattoo.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,3/5/2013,37,154,7,12,12>So, what reason would I have to stay at a hotel when I live only 10 minutes away from it, you may ask?? Ironically, it was because of not one, but two hurricanes that made my family lose power for days!! When Hurricane Irene hit in August 2011, it was either pure luck or the fact that maybe not too many people knew of this Days Inn location, but I was able to book our stay immediately, and for 4 days I have to add. I also worked in Bethpage at the time and it was during the summer, so the location and convenience of it all made a bad situation extremely tolerable. There is a nice sized outdoor pool with lounge chairs in an enclosed area, so the timing of this hurricane could not have been more perfect.Days Inn is a AAA Motel so you'll find all the basic amenities here. The price also cannot be beat for a nice, clean and very comfortable room. I did read one Yelper noting the "old floral wallpaper and ancient fat TVs". I don't know which room she stayed in, but mine was nothing like that. We had a nice modern room, especially a large bright bathroom and a flat screen TV. The motel is in the process of renovating all rooms so unfortunately it seems that hers was not one of them. I liked the fact that when we called the front desk and asked for more towels, toilet paper, etc., the wait time was less than 10 minutes. The staff is also extremely friendly, courteous and genuinely wants to make sure your stay there is a good one.For our second stay here, we were not as lucky. Hurricane Sandy was much worse and it caught us totally off guard and extremely unprepared for the intensity and damage that she caused. My area had loss of power for a total of 8 days. The East Meadow, Bethpage, Hicksville and surrounding areas had the same power loss so unfortunately, The Days Inn was closed. Hurricane Sandy hit on a Monday and our reservations were not until Friday, so we stuck it out in the house for the week. By then, The Days Inn had their power restored. From the experience of Hurricane Irene, this time around Long Islanders had probably learned of every hotel/motel in the area, so we could not extend out stay past Sunday, or get a reservation anywhere else for that matter.  The Days Inn also offers a complimentary continental breakfast in their convenient dining area, consisting of  bagels, fresh fruit, muffins, donuts, cold and hot cereals, juice, milk, coffee and tea from 6am-10am, Monday through Friday. There is a huge parking lot, so there should never be a problem finding a spot. Except, for my family on our second stay here, it was a bit of a problem. It seemed that besides the local residents lucky enough to get a room the same weekend as us, so were all the tree trimmers that were hired from all different states to come to Long Island to help in the cleanup of Hurricane Sandy's aftermath!! Their large trucks unfortunately took up some extra parking spaces. Otherwise, there is not one complaint I can think of for this Days Inn location and I will surely stay here again. I'm just hoping that the next time I make a reservation, it will not be because of a weather related reason.Note: I found out from talking to one of the tree trimmers from Kentucky, there is one double king sized suite located on the second floor. This room was huge, 800 square feet, that is suitable for 6 adults to sleep there easily.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,3/4/2013,375,757,,7,3>Kashi has some serious competition!  My boyfriend and I checked out Unique after he received a coupon in the mail.  We were weary since there was no web site or menu posted at the time.  We gave it a shot and we were immediately hooked!  There is so much to choose from depending on your mood.I am a dirty martini fiend and the first cocktail on the menu?  A martini with BLUE CHEESE OLIVES.  It was heavenly.We had the calamari martini which is calamari marinated in vodka with spicy aioli and mango salsa.  The calamari was super tender.  I don't even like mango but the salsa went so well with the calamari.  And you can't go wrong with aioli.We had to try at least 2 of the delicious sounding sushi rolls so we ordered the House Roll and the Crazy Tuna Roll.  They both were fresh and flavorful.We were full at this point, but we had already ordered the Rack of Lamb.  It was spiced very well and the presentation was nice.  I couldn't leave without trying the hazelnut chocolate cake, which was very moist and delicious.Our waiter was really nice and helpful.  He was very enthusiastic about the food and gave informative answers when we asked his opinion of dishes.I look forward to being a frequent customer at Unique.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2013,3/3/2013,237,506,2,6,3>Cute.  Small.  You can be in and out of there in about an hour and a half.  Granted, it's the middle of winter so we did not partake in any of the outdoor activities they offer during the summer months so I could be missing out on something really awesome and wouldn't know it.  When you first walk in, there's a sting ray pool where they are literally jumping at you, wanting you to pet them!  That was my favorite part of the experience.  The staff was extremely friendly and coming here in the dead of winter was also advantageous because there was nobody in the place.  Once I tried coming here during the summer and we couldn't get in, it was so packed.  My only real gripe is that parking is not on premises, it's across the street and a few blocks away.  This is very annoying especially since most of the customers coming here are families with small children who are now forced to walk a great distance AND cross Main Street.  Not only is this inconvenient, but unsafe.  Admission is pricey, but that is to be expected because I would assume it costs a ton of money to run a place like this so I view it as more of a generous donation.  Make sure you use your Optimum Rewards card and print out the coupon on the Optimum website to get a few bucks off each admission ticket.  Kids under 3 are free.  Otherwise, it was a nice cute no frills aquarium with the standard fare....sea lions swim up to you in a large tank and get up close and personal which was great, but not sure I'd make the trip all the way out here again any time soon.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/2/2013,44,195,2,4,3>I've heard about Ciro's in Kings Park so I figured I'd try the Ciro's in Hauppage since it's right near work. Met a business associate for dinner on a Tuesday night here and it was good and very reasonably priced.First off, waited at the bar and they have happy hour until 7pm. I paid $4 for a glass of Pinot Noir - and it was decent! That was a nice surprise. Bartender here seems to know the regulars - she's extremely friendly. The bar and restaurant were virtually empty. I'm thinking this must be because it's in an industrial complex and it was just a Tuesday night, but I was surprised that there were maybe 6 people at the bar and then maybe 5 tables full in the restaurant. And it was apparently pasta night - where you can get a salad and dessert with a pasta off of the menu for like, $14.95.We started with an appetizer of fried zucchini to share. It was HUGE - shoe string sliced and crispy with tomato sauce for dipping. We couldnt finish it as we wanted to save room for dinner. I decided to have chicken which was topped with arugula/tomato/red onion salad (they put it to the side so the chicken wouldnt get soggy) and it came with a side of pasta or vegetable - I opted for vegetables. Everything was fresh and very good - again HUGE PORTION - I took most of it home. My co-diner had a pasta special minus the shrimp - subbing chicken (not a problem at all). She said it was very good - again - she ate maybe 1/3 of that.I'll definitely be back - I like the fact that it wasn't mobbed like the places in dowtown Smithtown and Kings Park. The atmosphere is really pretty too. And the service was A++
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,3/1/2013,153,67,8,11,10>YES!!!!After a year of telling myself I'll check this place out I finally made it over.  Originally, as you should do for a tapas place, I had wanted to go with a number friends so that we could order...well....I suppose just about everything on the menu (because that's how we gets down), alas, no such luck.  I strolled in there last night like a bawss with my party of none (me makes sadface) and nestled into the bar.  The atmosphere felt warm and inviting, the music was perfect (jazz singers/lounge singers), and before I could blink I was greeted by the bartender with wine list and menu in hand.Since I did have a party that was starting a half of a block away in about an hour I figured I'd just have a glass of wine or two, maybe get one dish.  This plan went out the window pretty quick.With some help from the bartender I settled on a glass of the Arindo Vendejo which was right up my alley.  Light, crisp, dry, hint of fruits such as pineapple and pear, perfectly acidic, I was very happy.  Knowing I was going to stick with this wine I ordered two dishes I felt would go nicely.Pulpo Ceviche-octopus w/ peppers and onions in a paprika citrus salsa.Loved this dish.  It's certainly a healthy portion of ceviche and with it they serve fantastic chips I'm sure were made in house.  They were extra thick.  Don't think chips from fried tortilla, more along the lines of seasoned and fried pita.  The crunch of the chips made for a wonderful contrast in texture with the octopus ceviche, and the seasoning balanced incredibly well.  Not surprisingly it also went well with my wine, because I got it like that.Camarones Panchetta-bacon wrapped shrimp in mozambique sauce.This was nice.  The mozambique sauce was like a citrusy, buttery, slightly spicy sauce that I ended up sopping up with bread after the shrimps were done.  As I was eating the dish I started thinking black beans.  Not that the dish was that spicy, but a couple black beans would have cut nicely into each bite.  A note to self for my next visit.Regrettably, I only had those two dishes but I very much look forward to going back there very soon with an emptier stomach and maybe this time even some friends, but I'd have no problem with sitting at the bar again flying solo.  The bartender provided friendly conversation as did the other patrons sitting at the bar and the waiter even stopped by a few times and joined our conversation (he was also very friendly).  What was supposed to be a 45 minute to an hour visit somehow turned to 3 hours and certainly got me tipsy.  I also had a white sangria for the first time which was actually really good, I tend to not like sangria too much, but this white one was dynamite.Definitely give this place a shot.  Go with a small group, order a slew of different dishes, let the wine flow and spirits rise.  I'm an enormous fan now and I really hope this place stays around for a long while.  See you soon, Sangre de Uva!!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,2/28/2013,117,113,5,9,3>Having been Yelp-stalking the reviews for the food truck for weeks now, I decided it was time to get myself to the new restaurant and see what everybody was raving about.  Caveat: I know NOTHING about Indian/Pakistani food.  Zilch.  I don't even know what I ate (besides the naan of course).  My review here is going to be crappy if I try to talk about the food as if I know what I'm saying - so I'll keep it short and stick to my experience.SERVICE:  Time Out shines in this regard.  The server was genuinely friendly and helpful; I listened to him explaining the dishes to a table nearby and talking about how some of the various items are made.  The kitchen will make up FRESH kebabs for you if you get the buffet - this is nice, they're not sitting out there under some heat lamp.  They're really (rightfully) proud of their food, and seem to enjoy introducing people to the variety Time Out has to offer.  At $13 for the dinner buffet, unless you're planning on stuffing yourself bigger than a water buffalo, you would probably be best with ordering a la carte items.One thing to note here: the chicken dishes in the buffet (this is a small buffet, I think besides rice it was 4 items) DO contain bones.  I don't mind this at ALL, but if someone isn't careful (or a young child perhaps) and tries to shove a whole piece of chicken in their mouth bad things could happen.  Perhaps a small sign at the buffet, or being informed of this by the server ahead of time may forestall anybody going crazy over it.It's good to know that a nice place like this is in my area.  I want to come back with someone who knows what the heck to order and go through a tasting menu or something!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,2/27/2013,218,111,1,7,4>Ok, this place is great. My first 5 star review. First, let me start by saying anything you order on the menu is 475 calories or under!! This is great if you are going out and trying to watch your calories.I started off with the artichoke and goat cheese flatbread. It was delicious! All the ingredients were fresh and this was one of the best flatbreads I have ever had. I also had the lump crab, roasted shrimp & spinach stuffed mushrooms.  Excellent!! They came out steaming hot, in their own specialized dish with six "holes" each containing a piping hot mushroom.  I also tried the vegetable soup which was great, and had a little spice.For the entree I had the oaked grilled filet mignon with grilled mushrooms, asparagus, and garlic mashed potatoes in a red wine sauce. It was awesome and perfectly cooked medium which is what I asked for.The service was great also, the waitress was very attentive and checked on us throughout the meal.  Now, I will say this place is NOT cheap and it will cost you, but it is worth it.You will not be disappointed. Bravo
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,2/26/2013,51,336,2,4,4>We were seriously im"press"ed with Press 195.  It's been on my restaurant radar for quite awhile.  Very good bread, fries and service from staff.  We went early on a Friday evening before the dinner rush.  Staff treated us like royalty, giving us a cosy romantic corner booth to dine in, complete with a real candle.  As good as dinner was, dessert was even better.  For a sweet treat, we went for the hot pressed banana bread filled with sliced strawberries & bananas  served with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and maple syrup drizzle.   It was as good as it sounds, and then some.  The banana bread got this toasty crust on it from being pressed on the grill. It was amazing.  Only complaint about Press 195 was wife said the bathroom was dirty.  Plan your visit carefully it gets very crowded at peak times.  We will be back again.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,2/25/2013,30,141,,3,1>Came here last night for Valentine's Day dinner.  The restaurant was suggested by my boss, and I'm so happy we took his suggestion!  I was expecting it to be more chicken tikka masala, butter chicken kind of food, but it was far from that!! The meat was amazing, the rice amazing, EVERYTHING was amazing.  My fiance suggested an Afghani restaurant closer to where we live, but after we ate, he said was so happy we came to Afghan Grill!!  He also noticed I actually finished my meal, which I never do.  Definitely come here if you want Afghan!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,2/24/2013,15,40,,8,2>Jimmyjacks' menu is old-fashioned burger joint type food plus a lot of choices.  Its a clean, nice looking restaurant that also does take out and delivery.  We ordered to go and our order (appetizers and meals for two adults and two kids) was ready in less than ten minutes.    The trouble with ordering takeout is sometimes by the time you get home the burger is all soggy and hard to eat.  Not here!  The burger bun isn't your standard variety and held the build-your-own burger together and did not get soggy.  The crab cake BLT wrap tasted exactly how it sounds.  It wasn't heavy or overpowering.  We also ordered wings, and the medium and honey BBQ sauces very very good.  We also had sweet potato fries that came with a nice maple mayo.We were very happy with our selections and will be back soon!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,2/23/2013,54,273,,8,4>Family owned and operated for 40+ years. Their slogan is "if we don't have it you don't need it".Very helpful and knowledable staff. It is a shame there are very few of these independent hardware storess left. If you want to know what personal service is about next time you need a hardware, plumbing, or electrical item go to Trio.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,2/22/2013,438,124,6,8,9>Happiest Place on Earth.I went here twice this past summer for the first time and loved every part of the Boardy Barn experience. If you are in your early to mid twenties, this is the place to go.Of course, there are a few downsides- the wait on line outside in 80-90 degree weather is a pain, but when life gives you lemons, bring some tequila and have a shot. The wait on line can actually turn into one of the best parts of the day if you play your cards right!The barn plays a lot of alternative rock, for example: Third Eye Blind, Journey, Neil Diamond, and a lot of 90s music. Basically, if you are one of those people that would throw a fit if someone dropped beer on you, or if your feet got muddy throughout the day, this is not the place for you. Try to remember that everything that happens there should not be taken seriously, it's  all in good fun! So, if you want to have an amazing Sunday Funday each weekend in the summer, get yourself to the Hamptons!!My recommendation... If you are with a small group of friends, take the train from Patchogue to Hampton Bays, and get a cab from there to the barn. If there is a larger group, a bus is the way to go!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,2/21/2013,37,31,,4,2>Tucked away right off Montauk Highway is a gem of a place that looks like it used to be someone's house.  Inside it has rustic wood floors and very quaint decor.  It has a country house feel and the food is reflective of that comfortableness.  They also have an array of live music, anything from jam bands to gospel.  My only thing with this is that the music is set up next to the bar and that it can get crowded and thus difficult to get a drink.  However the friendliness of the staff and my fellow customers for that matter, make this almost a non issue.  My next step is to go there for Sunday Brunch which, if you check out the menu on their website, looks dynamite.  Don't listen to me though, go there and see for yourself.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,2/20/2013,156,116,3,6,3>This place rocks!  I remember trying their chicken salad a few years ago and liking it but never went back and now I'm kicking myself for it.  The place is cute and cozy and we decided to eat in instead of take out.  We ordered the drumsticks and chicken fried rice.  They brought out the fried rice first and some appetizers (there was tofu, salad, soup, and other assorted things).  We loved the fried rice and enjoyed the appetizers.  The fried soy garlic (BonChon) chicken was SO delicious.  The chicken is moist and not greasy.  We both kept talking about how great the food was while eating.  The total came to $28.00 which wasn't too bad.  I will definitely be back here!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,2/19/2013,425,101,7,5,5>My friends and I were crazy to come here during the Nemo Blizzard but we did it. I think what I loved the most was when my frozen fingers  touched the warm doorknob and I was greeted by a huge gust of hot air. That was awesome. Our server, Andrew was really amiable, comfortably settling us in. B* got the chicken parm with penne and C* ordered the spaghetti with meatball. I ordered my usual chicken francese with linguine. Holy crap, their portions are mammoth! I was afraid of "quantity over quality" but my dish was surprisingly quite lemony and buttery. C*'s spaghetti was equally large and when I said 'meatball' I really meant it. There was one meatball but it was the size of a tennis ball (perhaps larger?) I'm usually impartial to meatballs but that was one succulent, savory mouthful. Since we just ordered our entrees, our tab was really small! I think we all paid $13 each, including tip. We were smart to just order that one course because we barely made a dent in our dishes! As I made my way out, I eyed the clam bar. I will come here again to check that out! :)
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,2/18/2013,323,115,4,9,7>It came to my surprise the other day that I've been living down the block from such a great establishment as Nina's!  I'm glad I finally convinced myself to try this place out after years of driving by it! I guess better late than never, right? HahaSo here's the "skinny" on this place:1. FREE baked ziti when you check in on Yelp, awesome!!2. Their 'signature pizza crust' is soft and crispy at the same time, and lathered in their signature spices. Holy "Cow Harbor" that was good!3. Toppings taste fresh and are generous..not overloaded though where you risk having everything slide off..."ita wasa justa right, you know??"4. Usually garlic knots suck around here, but Nina's actually has a really decent recipe and doused with lots of Parmesan cheese...#win!!5. Bake ziti was very good by the way, plus it was FREE!...They also served me a pretty large portion too surprisingly...#win!!6. Plenty of outdoor/indoor seating available and it's family friendly...#happykids!!Overall, I was impressed by the vast amount of menu options that Nina's offered, their savory dinner entrees, quick service, outdoor patio seating area, and extremely friendly staff!! Nina's is truly a neighborhood gem just waiting to be discovered. You can say, it's a little bit of Brooklyn in your backyard!  I look forward to checking in again soon!Bellissimo!!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/17/2013,180,465,4,7,4>A fun place whether or not the room is spinning.  Huge freakin' selection- you really don't know the first thing about Blue Point beer if you haven't been here.It has a real local feel to it- unless you go with a big group you might get the feeling associated with being an out of towner, but just have some of their stronger beers and get over yourself.The prices are great as is the experience.  The summer is a good time to be here because you can utilize their "back yard."  Close proximity to the LIRR.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,2/16/2013,83,85,2,8,3>After one visit, this fast became my favorite go-to affordable restaurant for New American casual fine dining. With every dish and every bottle of wine from their fairly sizeable list under $25, Bistro 25 offers upscale taste combined with great value.Service is definitely high-end but intimate, with presentation that is worthy of a New York City restaurant rather than a quiet corner of a quaint little village. The maple roasted butternut squash soup was to die for, creamy, rich, and poured piping hot into your bowl over lovely creme fraiche (seasonal), and the lobster bisque is rich and satisfying.The small plates are pretty generous portions, especially the Truffled Mac and Cheese (a combination of smoked gouda, cheddar, and parmesan) and the chock-ful of mushroom risotto. Super rich and heavy, ideal for a winter starter in the cozy atmosphere of this homey Hamptons-style restaurant. The Smoked Mozzarella Ricotta Fritters, balls of fresh, flavorful cheese in a fresh sweet tomato sauce is also fabulous, and the braised pork belly with pickled shallots, corn pudding, and an apple demi-glace will be the next new thing I try.They used to serve a rather fabulous salad with beets, frisee, asparagus, and goat cheese, but it seems to be off the menu now. Instead, it appears that a few of the ingredients were substituted as an updated Sweet and Sour Salad with lardons and a pickled egg.The portions are not whopping, but again, neither are the prices. They're more portions are more nutrition-guideline sizes rather than Supersize Me Americanized plates, and packed with sophisticated yet robust flavor that fills you up to a healthy point without feeling disgusting. For instance, the brandy peppercorned Steak Frite is only 10 ounces, and although you wish there was more just to keep the taste going, you're glad you have room to share a dessert. The salmon, atop a creamy, perfect risotto and topped with fried leeks, is also an ideal size (although the new menu doesn't have it anymore, either ...). The Burgundy-Braised Short Ribs, served with whipped horseradish potatoes, are also worth a try, with a subtle richness that's perfect for the coming fall.A new addition to the menu that sound particularly exciting is the Duck Cassoulet (duck confit, andouille sausage, white beans and spaetzle), which for $18 sounds like a particularly good bargain. For sandwiches, the Shrimp Po'Boy isn't exactly authentic, but unlike the disappointing impostor at Bobbi-Que, it's actually tasty on its own merit. The steak sandwich is satisfying, with a generous portion of gruyere melted all over a hot, crusty baguette. Again, you'd wish there was a little more steak, but you'll forgive the size once you dig into the perfectly medium meat and dip into the fragrant au jus. Also, you'll be surprised at how tender the steak is--I certainly was.Now dessert. Definitely worth digging into here. The Carrot Cake Bread Pudding is an incredibly inventive feature, and well executed, served with delicious thin shortbread wafers and a dab of cream cheese ice cream. It's not daunting, and the taste packs a punch. Not too sweet, with an extra-moist, dense, cake texture, it's a very interesting spin. The Lemon Blackberry Tarte Tatin is kind of blah after the excitement of the bread pudding, and also pales next to the sweet and creamy Creme Brulee.I also can't wait to try the brunch here. The simple fact that they offer 2 brunch cocktails on their already low-priced prix fixe menu ($15, I think?) is highly attractive, and they have nice, refined spins on classic offerings. Overall, I love, love, LOVE this place, and just writing about it has inspired a text to the hubby to try the summer lobster menu offerings before the season's out. You can't beat 4 lobster dinner options for UNDER $20!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,2/15/2013,285,275,4,10,7>Craft beer nerds and enthusiasts of Long Island, please meet your mothership.Hoptron Brewtique is brand-spanking new, stocked with craft beers of all types and origins, and is all about the tastings.  Their staff members were very knowledgeable and friendly and were happy to suggest beers to try based on our personal tastes.  Brownie points to them for having one of my favorite beers ever, Ommegang Hennepin, available on tap.  And to go along with all those beers, there is a small menu featuring perfect pairings such as soft pretzels, cheese platters, and other snacks.There are also plenty of beers to purchase for off-premises consumption, as well as other beer-related paraphernalia (like home brewing equipment).  Boasting plenty of seating and bar space, Hoptron is a great place to booze, browse, and help support craft brewing!!  I WILL BE BACK!!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,2/14/2013,371,182,4,10,4>Classic American you've earned my 4th star. The claim to have Long Islands Best Burger is a tall order. You delivered, thank you. This is my second trip to Classic America this week. Today's mission was solely to sample the acclaimed burger, the Classic American. The Classic American burger was delicious. The meat was tender and juicy prepared medium rare as ordered. I loved the balsamic onions, shredded lettuce, and whatever that secret sauce was. Yum. The dining room was full for this visit, about 20 or so people.  Service was fast and very attentive. There was a young man working the dining room on this visit as an informal maitre d checking on all the tables. I was very pleased with the service at Classic American. Bottom line, Classic American a well earned my 4th star. Two thumbs up from me for an awesome burger.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,2/13/2013,59,84,,8,6>This is hands down my favorite beach in the world. Seriously. It's unreal.Not like any other beach on the eastern seaboard, and I won't go into too much detail, but read up on it. This place is truly unique because it's a forest ON the beach. Go for a whole day and pack plenty of food. There is no snack bar or anything commercial on the actual beach. Also be advised, there are no lifeguards. For once, the beach is just simply beach. Also, it's never crowded here, so if you're looking for some rowdy can-jam or beach volleyball, you're in the wrong place. This is a relaxing spot perfect for anyone looking to escape from the typical long island beach scene. My family and a few others in the know have been going here for years in total peace. I almost didn't want to write a review about it spoiling the secret ;)
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,2/12/2013,11,98,2,2,2>Hurricane Sandy was a nice cause to reacquaint myself with the local cuisine of the 5 Towns and I have to say Woodros surprised me in more ways than one since my last review.  First off the service was quick, helpful, and extremely friendly.  Perhaps it takes a storm of this size to bring people together but either way the staff was fantastic.Portion sizes have increased from what I last remember.  The coleslaw was much more plentiful as were the pickles, both of which were decent (I still think Ben's Deli has an edge in both of these departments though).  The latkes appetizer gave us the option of three big ones or a dozen small ones and let's make one thing clear, the dozen small ones aren't small in the least and they were delicious.  Sandwiches did not skimp on meat this time and my party was very happy with their dishes as was I.  Woodros achilles heel are the prices, which are still just as high if not a little higher than when I was last there.  Yes you now are getting more for your money and the food is good but the price still is too high.  If all the prices were about 1/3 lower then they'd be perfectly fair; however I doubt they will change since the place has been in business for years and has thrived.  Still, Woodros has turned me into more of a fan than I once was and I'll try and make a visit here every now and then even if it means spending a bit more than its worth.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,2/11/2013,6,36,2,29,29>Turkuaz Grill is phenomenally located a few steps from Main Street in Downtown Riverhead on the Peconic River, practically next door to the Aquarium. The restaurant has a welcoming and beachy interior, but can get a bit cramped when it gets packed. And it does get packed because the food is AMAZING. You are guaranteed to have an excellent meal whether you get a kabob platter to stay or a falafel wrap to go. I recommend getting something to go because, while the restaurant is inviting and comfortable, there is nothing better than tucking into a picnic lunch on the banks of the river while watching the birds dish for fish.There is free parking along the river promenade and tables in front of Turkuaz for dining al fresco. The music leans towards Turkish pop and house, which are both surprising more enjoyable than you'd imagine.Try the rice pudding. Its not like the usual pudding you'd find in an American diner. It's baked and is more flavorsome than the usual boiled variety.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/10/2013,38,221,,4,3>YUM YUM YUM! Do you love good, delicious food? Do you love it homemade? Do you love it from scratch???I sure do! And Lucky Boy is the place to go!I live ten minutes away, and when I say this, I mean it completely and fervently. There is NO good food around here! NONE! That is why I was so skeptical when I first walked into Lucky Boy this past Summer. I was blown away immediately! I thought to myself, why did I not hear of this place much earlier??In any event, my second time at Lucky Boy, there was a big flood from a storm (way before Hurricane Sandy) and the electrical went down, so we could not pay them as we only had credit cards. They were so kind and let us leave due to their good faith. We paid them back several days later.Then I came back for a third time a few weeks later, and I haven't looked back. I kid you not when I say that for many months now, I have been eating dinner on Friday and Saturday nights at Lucky Boy almost exclusively!! The food is scrumptious and the desserts are fresh! Also, I have gotten to know the owners, Jack and Nelson, and staff who are all extremely friendly. This is a prototypical neighborhood joint!I'm thrilled to know that, when in doubt, Lucky Boy is only minutes away!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,2/9/2013,113,382,,5,3>I have to update my mall Sushi .com review I cant give them more then 5 stars but sushi lovers and bubble tea lovers they deserve more!I mean BUBBLE TEA!!! I have this deep passion for those squishy gooey tapioca balls in flavored teas.This is some real fine sushi here and I kid you not one volcano roll is a mealloaded with crunchies and its so yummytheir spicy mayo is spicy not watered down like other placesThe Sushi chef takes pride in his work and it shows, watch him as he makes your rolls to order. More crunch? less crunch more spicy? less spicy no shellfish no problem, very friendly staff helps you and does not look at you like they can not understand you.and oh yes the bubbles! if you like the bubbles this place has good ones with a nice amount of flavors milk coffee and taro being my favorite just wish they offered BIGGER cups because I could drink a gallon come to the mall ok yes its noisy but its worth it for Sushi. com
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/8/2013,77,111,2,7,6>I have to say that i am happy i saw this yelp check in deal!I ordered a gyro platter with a side of rice and pita chips, and asked for the platterover a greek salad in a tortilla bowl and the owners were extremely accommodating. i knew i over ordered but the portions were HUGE and full of flavorthe chef was extremely sweet and passionate about his recipes which is alwaysnice to see. definitely worth five stars, and definitely worth spreading the word about
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/7/2013,264,355,3,5,3>I just came back from my hour long massage who I received from Kim. Man o man did I need this! It's located on the North side of Commack Road. I put in my information all on an iPad, I checked in on Yelp and received $5 off too. I got the aroma massage which included the hot rocks. I can see myself coming here at least once a month now if not twice a month. I've been to Massage Envy and this place is much better, more personalized, and the rooms set the mood right. Hope to be back soon!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,2/6/2013,52,121,4,5,4>The sign that you've got good Chinese restaurant is that the egg roll comes out dry and crunchy and not soaked with grease. Sounds simple but I can't tell you how many places can't fry a simple simple egg roll. Stopped in for lunch, the food is very good. Hot and Sour soup is nice a spicy. General Tso's Chicken comes with mushrooms and peppers? never saw that before. Good fried rice. Nice place to stop in for a meal.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/5/2013,5000,690,4,17,13>A Country Club of Animal Shelters for Cats and even pit bulls brought in when found. The whole staff is nice. No one is creepy.  And pets stay on and there are always a few extra cages. This town likely has no huge overflow of strays, so they are able to be kinder and let animals stay alonnnnng while until adopted. While the policy may be one thing they are the most humane shelter I have visited ever!Every town should have an under control cheerful pet shelter.. sadly this world is full of overruns and cruel high kill rates. If you are looking for a companion kitty there are plenty here! and they are all treated well. Dogs vary, there are some older ones given up by owners, a few.... but mostly overflow from other areas with pit bulls. There are no pit bulls in Syosset! LOL I don't think heheh
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/4/2013,63,314,,5,3>I originally intended to get food at Cornucopia Noshery a few doors down, but they happened to be closed, which led me here.  And I was not let down.There are a few things on the menu that sound good, my sister got The Stock, pancakes with Bacon stacked with 2 eggs and home fries and toast.  I was in the mood for eggs, but the gorgonzola, bacon and cranberry stuffed burger with homemade french fried potatoes was just calling my name.  Regarding my sisters dish, the pancakes were good, bacon was good, the eggs were nothing special, and the normal home friends and toast.  Now, my dish, wow, maybe it was just what I was hoping would come out, it was placed in front of me, and it was exactly what I wanted.  The burger was pretty damn good, could have used a bit more cheese in the filling but the cranberry mixed in was actually pretty good.  My only real complaint about the burger is that it tasted like it was 90/92% lean meat, and i prefer more on the 80/85% lean for a little more juice to the burger, but hey, i'd order it again.  The french fried potatoes were pretty good as well, and the bun was good.Easily worth trying for lunch or breakfast, i'm sure not everything is great, but what we ate was pretty good.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,2/3/2013,48,137,2,4,3>Reinwald's is a true German bakery that is sure to tantalize your taste buds. From onion rolls and rye bread to custom order cakes and the single most amazing jelly donuts known to man, Reinwald's has it! Whether it was a customer order I planned in advance or just stopping by I have never been let down. They use only the best ingredients and create fresh and vibrant pastries, cakes, breads and donuts. It's just not the holiday's without a trip to Reinwald's and their fresh baked stollen (with or without marzipan.) Speaking of marzipan, Reinwald's hand crafts fruit and vegetable shaped marzipan that will bring out the German in all of us! Be for warned, this place gets crazy around the holiday's. Place your order in advance and show up with your patience in tow.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,2/2/2013,33,19,,2,1>tapas and wine is just too much fun.  you get to try a little of everything instead of one gigantic entree that you'll get sick of half way through!  and the tapas here are wonderful!  the menu is extensive as is the selection of drinks!  When in doubt, ask for a recommendationordered the fluke ceviche, truffle empanadas, pork buns, steak skewers and fried oreos for dessert.  ALL so good!  I wish i could try everything but we also ordered so much sangria to drink, also delicious. nice ambiance, and really friendly service.  Refreshing for typical long island restaurants..I'd say its a must try!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,2/1/2013,301,223,4,9,3>In the few months as a Long Islander, I searched far and wide for good brunch food until finally a friend of mine directed me towards this extension of heaven... Maureen's kitchen. It was a Eureka moment. Maureen's kitchen and I were like two long lost souls. This is the only breakfast place I would go to that is the equivalent, if not better than city brunch places (minus the lack of breakfast booze). Yes, you might wait a long time on a weekend day. And yes, their seating list process is slow and seemingly inefficient. But I've said this only a few times, especially concerning brunch... It is well worth the wait.Luckily, my first visit was an early morning weekday visit, so no lines, no wait. Jerry provided the utmost quality, friendly service, describing his picks in full detail. Pay attention to the weekly, seasonal specials (written on chalkboards and whiteboards all around) but there are definitely good, reliably delicious options in the normal menu. My favorites:Roasted vegetable omelet with eggplant, peppers, asparagus and cheese:I'm no vegetarian, but this omelet (recommended by Jerry) might make me consider otherwise, that is of course until I have their side of bacon! This omelet is savory and tasty. The eggplant isn't mushy like you might expect and asparagus adds a great snap to the omelet. Comes with delicious home-fried potatoes, which are crispy on the outside, soft and hot inside.  Fried up with green peppers and ending with a nice garlicky, oniony finish, these home-fries make a serious attempt to steal the show. I've come back for this particular omelet and I'm sure I'll do it again!Pistachio pancakes:Holy smokes, this is yummy. If you light sweet breakfast, this is an optimal choice. Pistachio pancakes are hard to come by and Maureen's makes them perfectly. I don't particularly love sweet breakfast, but this is a great option to share with the table for post-breakfast dessert! You can order just one pancake which is the size of a plate, rather than the full order. These green pancakes come topped with raw pistachios as well, which add a nice crunch and texture. I didn't need the syrup since the cakes are sweet enough. The only thing that might make it better is if it was topped with Ralph's pistachio ice cream. But that's neither here nor there.Baked oatmeal:Delicious, healthy (-tasting, at least) oatmeal, dressed up fancy-style with granola, cranberries and cream, then baked. Granola adds a nice crunch and complexity to the oatmeal. On special right now, they have a pumpkin-cranberry version which is also equally delicious.Basic sampler platter (I forget what it's called): 2 eggs, bacon, chicken sausage, home fries, toast, juice, coffee:This is Maureen's version of a breakfast sampler. A little boring for my breakfast preferences, but great for people who like breakfast basics aka breakfast minimalists. The bacon is crispy, the chicken sausage is oddly skinny and long (and they give you a lot of it) and both are tasty. One thing to note is the skillful preparation in making an over-medium fried egg. Other yummy options: the kielbasa omelet, the pastrami, fresh scallions and Swiss omelet.... With so many to try, you are bound to find something to your liking.Tips for your visit:1. CASH only, so bring some!! The ATM is across the street in the drugstore, but it sucks to leave post-meal when you're in the thralls of the -itis. 2. If you aren't sure what to order, ask someone. They know the menu well.3. Again, don't forget about the specials. Good stuff in limited supply found there!4. Be prepared to wait on the weekends. Immediately upon arrival, put your name in and check back. People give up and the line moves remarkably fast.  5. It can be crowded and noisy especially in the main restaurant. The enclosed, heated wrap-around patio has slightly more room, and is a bit quieter.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,1/31/2013,280,325,8,13,12>Quetzalcoatl is a fun place with yummy Mexican cuisine and a kitschy cool Aztec theme that is prevalent throughout the whole establishment. From the fabulous decor, to the very attentive service, you can tell that the owner takes pride in his business.AMBIANCE:The Mesoamerican theme can be found everywhere in the restaurant. The front of the building is gilded with two giant Aztec warriors, the dining area has beautifully painted murals that represent picturesque moments of native life, even the area around the restroom has lovely tropic murals. The deco is great and enjoyable to look at; it reminded me of one of the country-themed restaurants in Epcot, which I love.There is a 2nd floor that can overlook the 1st floor and there were big bongo drums and other assorted instruments tucked away in the corner. This place looks like a great place to host a party. They place great Latin music in the background and the 2nd time I was here there was a live guitarist who played wonderfully.Also their utensils were sparkling! No water spots. Nada. How classy.SERVICE:My bf and I came here 2 times during lunch and each time the service was very good. The 1st time we were here the service was exceptional. Unlike the blonde bitch waitress named Olivia from Waterzooi who treated my party like crap, the waitstaff of Quetzalcoatl was very hospitable, polite, and friendly. The staff of Quetzalcoatl were very welcoming and they anticipated and met our needs throughout the whole meal. The 1st time my bf and I were here, we had a slew of free things. We received a complimentary plate of bean and cheese dip with tortillas and a free rice pudding and sopapillas dish in the end. They honored a yelp check in deal, in which you can get a free glass of wine when you check in, without any problems.  The 2nd time we only received the complimentary rice pudding dessert; but any free food is awesome!FOOD:LUNCH SPECIAL ONLY $9.95:Choose one from the followingAppetizer: Mexican salad, black bean soup, spinach soup, carrot soupEntrée: Choose from any item in our regular lunch menuDrink: Coffee or TeaEvery table gets a basket of tortilla chips and salsa-Mexican SaladA cool fresh salad with an interesting assortment of veggies. Very filling and delish.-Black Bean SoupSurprisingly light and very good. Has yummy pieced of onions, green peppers, and cilantro.-Spinach SoupReally fricken good. Creamy and absolutely delicious. Definitely try this soup!-Enchilada Huasteca Two soft corn tortillas filled with cheese, beef, chicken or vegetables.Topped with home made red salsa and melted cheese served with refried beans and rice.Good plate of food. The beef version was yummy.-Burritos A large flour tortilla filled with chicken, rice,cheese, refried beans, lettuce and pico de gallo.My bf loved this burrito. It was big and very tasty.-Chicken Chimichangas (2 pcs)2 flour tortilla rolled and filled with cheese, vegetables and chicken. Deep fried and topped with melted cheese, served with lettuce, sour cream, pico de gallo, rice and beans. Nicely presented and very well made. My bf and I shared this and we were stuffed.-Huevos RancherosTwo over easy eggs over corn tortillas marinated in a tomatillo sauce served with chorizo, lettuce, sour cream, rice and beans.My sister let me try her dis and it was so good. The yolk was delightfully runny and the tomatillo sauce was zesty and tangy. Delicioso!-PlantanitoFired sweet plantains with a condensed milk  and chocolate sauce.  Not as much plantains as I would like, but the dessert was good.-Arroz con lecheCreamy rice pudding with crisp cinnamon and sugar coated fried pastries. The whip cream it comes with is very thick and rich.-Don't get the tacos. They are not very good!!Quetzacoatl is muy magnifico!  Come here and enjoy!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,1/30/2013,158,144,2,6,5>Always meant to try this place, why did I wait so long?! Usually Thai places have terrible service, but our waitress was knowledgeable and courteous. Prices are good and the special for 6 appetizers for $25 cannot be beat! But beware, when you ask for spicy or extra spicy you will get what you asked for and more! I had extra spicy pad thai and my mouth was on fire the duration of the visit. It took some wine to dull the pain, LOL. I really love their large and extensive menu! I will be back to visit this rare gem very soon! Bring on the Thai and the reasonable prices!!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/29/2013,169,309,12,11,9>After numerous long island coffee shops have gone down the drain in the past 5 years, I'm ecstatic to have come across a brand spanking new one that's cropped up in bellmore! Coffee shops and train stations have always gone hand-in-hand so you can bet your Benjamins' this place is in walking distance of the LIRR platform. The feel of the interior is simultaneously warm and striking. The color scheme mirrors the color of coffee beans, the bags they are contained in and the earth they originated from. I also admired the wall decor. Seriously, who wouldn't love a random piano hanging on the wall? It's also accompanied by assorted musical instruments and chic vintage NYC transport signs. Aluminum heating ducts hang from the high ceiling to complete the city feel. Augustana's Boston played in the background. Whoa, wait a minute ... am I in my freshman year of college again?  This cozy spot is spacious and could probably use a few more tables and chairs dotted around the room. There were maybe 12 or so people hanging out when I came in and only one table was left. All were high school kids, too. I even overheard questions like," Ok so what is chai? It's spices? Wha?? Anyway, I digress... Unless the owner is encouraging a take out type of atmosphere more places to make derrieres happy is needed. Even if they don't know what chai tea is... sigh. Winter Chai Lattes. Repeat after me. Winter chai lattes. Get one, they're absolutely fannn-tablulus. I'm a fan of this frozen, minty chai concoction that's made here. It may be one of those "limited seasonal drinks" but with enough pleases and smiles I'm sure they'll make 'em again. I sipped on a normal chai latte as well, pretty standard and suiting for a cold day. The menu is varied and scribbled on boards around the counter. I like how they have the house coffee selection divided up into normal, bold, etc. Plenty of syrups and a few fun drink concoctions can be seen on the boards as well. I didn't see any loose tea anywhere, too bad. There were some healthy snacks and sweets in the counter but nothing warm to enjoy with my tea. They grind their own stock of beans here as well. Bellmore bean, I'm glad you're here. I'll be baaaaaaccccck.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,1/28/2013,238,372,3,7,5>Brownstone Brewing Company in Ronkonkoma is a 4 Yelp joint in my books because of the amazing service I received, the friendliness and knowledge of the bartender I had (Caroline) about beer, cocktails and drinks in general and the experience at the bar. Here's why:Food: 8Their menu features everything from Latin inspired cuisine to comfort food to regular American bar food.+ Giant Soft Dough Pretzel. It was served with spicy mustard and when they say "Giant", trust me it's huge. It was decent...+ Chicken Quesadilla. This too was quite large and not greasy/oily at all which many places will screw up. It's not the best quesadilla I've ever had but surely not the worst. The chicken inside was plentiful and the cheese was gooey... Service: 13+ Caroline the bartender (I sat at the bar) was absolutely fantastic! She only works there on certain nights (I was there on a Sunday) when they are really busy. Caroline has a ton of experience when it comes to beer, wine, cocktails and drinks in general. It was awesome to sit at the bar and talk to her about drinks and concoctions while she held the fort down - the bar did get quite busy over time and she can definitely multi task with the best of 'em! I will have to make sure she's there the next time I visit...I highly recommend you sit with her!Ambience: 10+ The place is quite large on the inside though has a kinda' quirky layout. When you walk in, you're greeted by a very large kinda U/ extended L shaped bar which you can find a seat at or sit down on the low tables on the left of the restaurant or on the right side of the bar. There is a lot of kitchen traffic in one corner so if you don't like sitting by a lot of traffic, sit on a different corner of the bar. I didn't sit on the dining room side but it seemed to be quite popularDrinks: 3They have several beers on tap and many by the bottle so the selection is good. They have something for everyone. BBC also features a fairly well stocked bar so you shouldn't have any issue with any drink that you'd like to have them concoct. BBC also features SPIKED MILKSHAKES that looked absolutely awesome! I didn't try one but definitely will the next time I GO!+ The margaritas I had were fantastic and made fresh (no syrup crap). Their tequila selection is pretty decent and the drink was made damn well (obviously because the bartender was that good)- I had tried many of their own brewed beers and I wasn't a fan unfortunately. I did however think that the Brownstone Red IPA was the best of the 3 and did have a pint of it. It was a decent IPA as I'm usually not a fan of IPAs...it paired well with the Giant pretzel. What doesn't?Score = 34*Grade = BTHIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/27/2013,65,130,3,6,4>I have been meaning to try Chat Noir for some time.  I finally had an opportunity to go, and I have to say that it was a delightful experience.I came here on a first date because both she and I love tea.  Chat Noir is a wonderful french style tea house with a very wide selection of teas.  Whether you like black tea, green tea, fruity teas, it doesn't matter... they have something for everyone.  We ended up choosing the Peach Ginger tea.  The tea was absolutely delicious.  Reading other reviews, I had made my mind up to try the scones.  The scones were awesome and I did not regret my decision.  The cinnamon scone was soooo good with a bit of butter.  Unfortunately this wonderful gem closes at 5pm on Tuesdays so we couldn't really enjoy anything from their dinner menu.Stepping inside Chat Noir you'll notice a most excellent decor.  Although it seems more like a French movie than authentic French, it's still beautiful inside.  While there you'll enjoy some lovely relaxing French music and comfortable seats.  I do wish that the lights were a bit dimmer; it just seems like the sort of place that shouldn't have such bright lighting.If you're looking for a change from your usual RVC bar/restaurant, then check out Chat Noir.  It's like nothing else in the neighborhood.  If you like tea, then you'll love it.  If this all doesn't sound like your cup of tea (pun always intended), then you'll still appreciate the experience and ambiance of this small treasure.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,1/26/2013,96,146,4,4,6>Burkes...every time is a good time.  In our lives, we all have a bar we call our own.  Good times, familiar faces, new faces, are always lured into this bar.  Not in the most amazing area, but this is where I call home, in a local bar.  They are in the midst of renovating but believe you me, I ALWAYS have a great time here.  The bartenders are your friend from the minute you enter the bar.  The owner hails from my old local fav in RVC so the bartenders are "the ones who know your name, and glad you came."  Conveniently located on Grand Ave., within walking distance of the LIRR and Burger King curbs those late night cravings.  This is our Saturday night hangout.  With a little help from my friends, this place is the place to let loose!  They mix up the best drinks and always have buy backs.  If you do venture  to the area, go on a Saturday.  Say Hi to Jerry and Karen.  :PGreat  jukebox too.  Bathrooms are probably the cleanest I have ever seen, that is, in a bar.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,1/25/2013,69,119,4,6,5>My girlfriends took me here for my birthday Tuesday and already I've recommended this place to another 5 people. Its small...like size of your average NYC duplex small. Basically 6 tables and a bar seating area for eating as well. There's no full bar. It's only beer and wine. And its dark. Like bring a flashlight if you want to read the menu dark. But ooooh so romantic!On Tuesdays, they do a tasting menu for $38 so we went that route as I love to be surprised with what the Chef is feeling that day. We started with the most amazing butternut squash soup with white truffle chocolate! OMG! I want to bathe in this soup! I could have just had the soup and called it a night honestly.  Then we moved onto the most pillowy gorgeous fresh mozzerella on a pistachio pesto base. Wow! Next came a fried calamari with peanut glaze that was delish if not a bit much in size (we started getting full), then came a light shrimp dish and then beef sliders with a homemade jam. Really REALLY good. We finished with a nutella biscotti bread pudding that was heavenly.And they basically make everything right in front of you since this place is a shoebox! The only caveat is "dont wear clothing that you can't get washed or dry cleaned" You will smell of food when you leave and that's kinda annoying. Other than that, I cant WAIT to go back.(Wines are good too, we did a bottle of Malbec and polished that off properly!)
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,1/24/2013,62,198,3,5,6>It's a rare thing when a restaurant makes a meal that my party actually sends back, and they still get 5-stars from me. How was this accomplished? Read on.First, Harvest gets high praise from me on the overall execution of a restaurant. Nearly every table has a view. The bar takes up the inner most section of the restaurant so that the two water-facing exterior walls, lined with windows, let diners take in the view. The herb garden and outside seating area is simply beautiful.The wine list, albeit not very long, has enough options to suit anyone's needs, both fiscally and preferentially. The bread service is excellent, served warm with fresh grated parmesian reggiano, both EVOO and hot pepper infused oil, and butter.On my last visit, we got the sausage gorgonzola pizza, topped with spinach and fresh tomatoes. It was absolutely fantastic. On other visits, I've had the calimari and veal. Excellent as well. On my last visit, we ventured into pig territory and tried the pork tenderloin. I loved it in concept, it was served with an apple chutney. Unfortunately when the dish arrived, it was so dry that we couldn't enjoy it. It was edible, but just barely, and especially not at $42. So we informed the waitress, and she took it back, no questions asked, and removed it from the bill. We also ordered the garlic fries as a side dish and they were unbelievably good. As Human League points out, we're only human, bound to make mistakes. So the chef overcooked the pork, they acknowledged it, and took it back (even though I still ate like 3-4 big pieces, hey I was hungry!). I will continue eating at Harvest during my visits to Montauk, and love it each time.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,1/23/2013,7,7,2,6,5>Went to this lovely treasure with my boyfriend tonight. The place is cute and cozy. Luckily it was a Wednesday night so we didn't experience a wait or have trouble finding parking. They put a little pale of popcorn on the table. The popcorn was good but a bit too greasy for my liking. We ordered the turkey buffalo wings for our appetizer. They were different-- definitely prefer chicken but I like the fact that they had something different on the menu. For entrees my boyfriend ordered "the roadhouse" which is similar to steak tidbits and I ordered the "pacific wedge salad". My boyfriend loved his entree, stating the sauce on top of the melted cheese was delicious and one of the best he's had. My salad was pretty good as well. Also, our server Dan was very knowledgeable on the different varieties of beer. I forgot what I ordered (something German) but it was just to my liking. We were too stuffed for dessert but I will definitely be going back to try the XL brownie which includes peanut butter, chocolate gelato, and hot fudge-- a chocoholics dream. Overall, we had a great experience and will probably make this one of our regular spots. You just can't go wrong-- nice atmosphere, knowledgeable waitstaff, good food and some good tunes as well.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/22/2013,136,226,4,7,6>A secret treasure that must be explored. I love this place. It's a great place to walk with friends, come on a date, or just hang out alone and play guitar / relax in the middle of the plains. There's a cool opening once you get to the preserve part with trees and rocks. That's my chill spot. You really feel like you've been transported off the island when you go there. It's beautiful here and very peaceful.Enough redundant and synonymous remarks about how serene this place is! Just go!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,1/21/2013,196,94,5,10,6>Croxley's, THANK YOU for coming to Smithtown!!! I am huge fan of the Farmingdale location and now you're in my own backyard..literally! I can't wait to make it through all of their 80 different taps of craft beer. That's right 80! I love the Smithtown location's focus on German beer and food; quite different for this area and appreciatively welcomed.  The biergarten is pretty awesome too! All this makes for like having a little piece of Munich in Smithtown. Yes!! And, their opening came perfectively in time for Oktoberfest. The rest of Croxley's menu is pretty good too. British/Irish specialties include Shepherd's pie, Fish n' Chips, Guinness stew. They also have killer burgers and crispy .10 cent wings (Mon - Tue - Wed) --- bbq style is the best, imho. It's gonna be great to finally have a late night place, other than Applebee's, yuk, to get some decent food and awesome beer (kitchen stays open til about 1am).I really have high hopes that Croxley's can maintain years of staying power here in a location that doesn't quite have a good reputation for longevity i.e. Arthur Avenue, Raindancer, Shirillos. Croxley's brings an awesome addition to the Smithtown bar crawl and is now the best game in town for the most diverse selection of craft beers.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,1/19/2013,52,302,7,10,8>OK I checked this place out on Gaurav's suggestion and it is definitely a hidden gem.  It will probably not be for much longer so get out there while it is hot, and before Mattituck gets overrun by tourists when it gets warm.  Everything he said about this place is true so I will not repeat the rules.  BYOB, you can bring whatever alcohol you want and you will get the appropriate glasses.  I got out to Mattituck about 45 minutes earlier than my reservation so I hit up "The broken down valise" bar nearby which had only a handful of locals in it.  They were familiar with the place but had no idea when they were open or what they served.  They were intrigued though about it so I returned later and told them about the restaurant.  So yeah even locals are not that familiar about it.  The guy at the bar was happy that they had no liquor license though because they occasionally got people coming in buying drinks to bring over to Iron Skillet.  The interior of Iron Skillet is 4 tables in a small room with a unisex bathroom in a tiny box near the front door.  The max amount of people this place can hold is 12.  Although this is a 2 person operation including serving, Bob, the owner did not seem rushed or unwilling to tell you everything about the business.  Unfortunately he was out of ribs when I called him the night before but I ordered the steak.  He even explained how they cook everything and was simply one of the nicest people we have come across.  It was like you are over to eat dinner as guests.  All for prices that are not at all expensive for what you get.My wife ordered the pot roast and we had their wonderful soups.  He said that their roasted red pepper soup is the most popular with guests but he likes the beef barley soup the best.  We had the beef barley soup and it was very flavorful and hearty.  It is as if it was simmering for a week.  I got the steak which is a prime strip steak.  He was explaining to me that it is the most expensive thing they serve ($39) and why but I know very well how much a good steak costs, and I know the steak uncooked is in excess of $25.  I saw Bob going in and out the front door and was a bit puzzled.  It turns out he was actually cooking my steak outside in the cold and checking on it!  I ordered it medium and it had a perfect crust on it and was trimmed to the point where you can eat the entire steak with no fatty pieces.  I cook a lot of steaks and I have to say he did it perfectly.  My steak knife he fetched out of their china closet.I heard him telling others that for a while it was a bit tough with business but now it is taking off.  I would not be surprised if soon it will be weeks/months before you can a reservation to eat here.  They take such attention to cooking everything including the sides and veggies that it is an outstanding meal and value.  Combined with the fact that you feel as if you are a guest and not hurried at all, it is a perfect place for a date or a group of friends that enjoy good food.  They simply know how to cook very well, and there are not many places like this in existence.  It is as if you are staying in a small b&b in Vermont or Maine, does not even feel like you are in NY anymore.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/18/2013,95,282,4,4,4>I honestly do not own a lot of jewelry unfortunately,,,hint hint to my boyfriend,,,,BUT my mom left me some pieces and i went here today to get her diamond heart necklace cleaned and a longer chain. i walked in and while the store was very busy,,,someone greeted me right away which im a huge fan of. In less than 5 mins i was being helped by a lovely woman and she had my chain lengthened and new lobster clasp added as well as cleaning the pendant. She was very nice, staff was very pleasant, they offer you coffee, cookies,,candy,,,i was very impressed. Now if only i can get some more jewelry to wear that would be awesome.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,1/17/2013,341,504,5,9,6>Came here for Trivia Night. Place was packed! I didn't know so many hipsters appreciated a good round of jeopardy. The Black Sheep has a great selection of beers. (Move over Croxleys) And you get free hot dogs (at least on Trivia night you do)The bartenders are very nice and super friendly. There is a nice alcove in the back where you can have a modicum of privacy. Parking can be tough in the area however, it is very close tothe LIRR station.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,1/16/2013,34,72,,5,7>DELICIOUS craft beer!  Port Jeff offers a large variety but my personal favorites are the porter, oatmeal stout, and black ipa (clearly I'm a dark beer fan).  The schooner, which is their flagship beer is also really good. The owner, Mike, is a very cool, down to earth guy who is more than happy to talk to  you about his beer, beer in general, brewing, and pretty much anything else for extended periods of time.  They are also supportive of local breweries and businesses, which is cool.  All of the staff are also very friendly and knowledgeable.  The tasting room is very cool and fitting for port jeff village.  Stop in for a free flight and don't forget to bring your growlers because you'll want to take some home!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,1/15/2013,159,531,3,5,3>I don't have a car right now and until I get another one after some time I'm going to be frequenting train stations and bus stops, along with bus terminals quite often as I have been doing. This is a great train station, one of the better ones I've stopped in during my travels. It's HUGE! Babylon is one of the main train station hubs for Suffolk County so it's well taken care of. During the day there's actually people working in the waiting room, which is a pretty rare scene now for the MTA so if you need help you can actually speak to an employee in person, you can buy your tickets from a real live person instead of from a machine. The waiting room is huge. The bathrooms are alright but not the greatest, the snack options are decent if you want to grab anything before you hop on the train. Most of the trains leave on time. My biggest gripe is the fact that the waiting room isn't open 24 hours, on rare occasions I am coming home on the train during a late night I'd prefer the waiting room was open so I didn't have to stand out in the freezing cold waiting for a ride back home.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,1/14/2013,145,285,2,5,4>Great South Bay is still moving into their new home and the place is huge.  They are still a few months away from brewing on premise but it will be an impressive facility once fully operational.Don't be worried about the work in progress as they have plenty of great beer to sample and buy.  I enjoyed the Blood Orange Pale Ale, it packs a powerful citrus punch I found to be refreshing and would make for a nice summer beer.  My second tasting and my favorite was the Blond Ambition Blond Ale.  It was so good I had several and could see this becoming my new summer beer, so smooth and tasty.  Moving to a good fall beer I finished my tasting with the Pumpkin Ale, the taste of cinnamon and clove mixed nice with the pumpkin.We got to tour the brewery with Phil who has a great passion for the product and offered a ton of information.  I can't wait to go back in a few months to see the place fully operational.  Thank you to Phil for the great time!!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,1/13/2013,58,74,4,5,3>Phil's has expanded to Wantagh, which is good news.  Sure, there are already at least a half dozen decent pizza joints in Wantagh, and at least that many crappy ones, but there is something about the way Phil's does things that I absolutely love.  Without getting too deep into it, the pizza is above average, the staff is always fast and friendly and the pasta dishes are an excellent value.We ordered delivery a couple weeks ago.  I had never gotten a hero from any of the phil's locations before, but we got a couple chicken parms.  Above average for sure.  The main thing that I look for in a pizzeria is CONSISTENCY, and Phil's always comes through.  Welcome to the neighborhood, you will fit in nicely.Oh, also, it is right on the corner near wantagh high school, I hope they are able to cater to the school lunch crowd.  Developing a good rapport with the kids always gets the parents in the door.  Best of luck!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,1/12/2013,218,126,6,14,8>Absolute YUM! Taking the advice of some fellow yelpers, I decided to make a quick trip to Amityville to check out this quaint Noshery. Boy, was I glad I did! If you're a HUGE brunch fan, just like me, it warmed my heart that they serve brunch EVERY DAY!!! On weekdays, they serve brunch till 2 PM. They have a brunch menu as well as weekly specials, so the options are endless. They have seating both indoors and outdoors! It's a small cafe, but its just so cutesy! I wanted to order about 8 things on the menu, but eventually decided Frogs in Holes = French toast with eggs in the middle with homefries. How unique? I loved it. The service was quick, and the entire meal was absolutely scrumptious. The homefries were possibly some of the best homefries IVE EVER HAD!!! They were perfectly crispy on the outside, and perfectly soft on the inside.... the only way to describe them is to call them, MAGICAL! The french toast was absolutely tasty, and I loved the egg addition to the french toast, yum yum! The egg was a little runny, so sort of the style of an eggs benedict, but it was cooked very well! Ordered a side of sausage as well, since I was clearly in a gluttonous mood! Very well cooked, and the flavor of the sausage was just oozing! As I gulped down a tall glass of orange juice, I wanted this meal to never end. My friend ordered the San Fran - with grilled vegetables, avocado & havarti. She opted for egg whites, and they made it really well! Lots of grilled vegetables, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, peppers, and much much more! It was like vegetable heaven! it came with a side of home fries, which were again.... SO DELICIOUS! My friend and I were raving about the meal the entire time.For dessert, we got the chocolate chip & cinnamon muffin, which totally hit the spot! Just so you know, I might be moving to Amityville just so I can have breakfast/brunch every day of the week. This place has officially become my FAVORITE brunch place in all of Long Island, hands down, no competition! The prices for most of the entrees and even the breakfast/brunch specials are around $10! SO REASONABLE!!!Let me end with, the owner, Erica, serves you personally, and she is just the cutest, quirkiest woman. I adore her, and she makes your visit perfect! She acts like you're a regular, and makes your eating experience personalized! Can't express how perfect this place is, it deserves 10 stars! Can't wait to come back super soon, to try everything else on the menu!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,1/11/2013,19,173,3,4,3>We stopped in for New Years Eve dinner here.  We didn't have a reservation, but got there early enough to them to get a seating right away.  We have not been to this restaurant since they changed from Uno's.The look of the place is kinda upscale, but the pricing is comparable to a place like Carrabba's.  Plenty of parking so that should never been an issue.  The atmosphere of the place was very nice, and pretty kid friendly.  Seating is spread out, so you don't feel like your on top of each other.  The owner/managers were floating around that evening asking everyone how their meals were, the interaction was good to see.We all enjoyed our meals and desserts.  My only complaint is the lighting...it's a little on the dark side.  I can understand your going for a certain ambiance...but I should be able to read the menu without firing up the flashlight app on my phone.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,1/10/2013,42,35,3,5,6>Maroni Cuisine is a place you come to have an experience and not worry about the green paper we all grow to become too concerned about. An experience will surely be had but it might be over before you know it.Ambiance: Maroni's is small but it works. Due to the close proximity of tables and the kitchen itself you feel as if you are part of some cozy and clandestine operation. The restaurant is heavily influenced by classic rock and it is a perfect fit for an unknown reason. Although we were rushed out of our table due to another reservation we were placed in a comfortable waiting room to finish our drinks afterwards... the location of this room should remain secret. 5/5Food: A plethora of dishes with origins spanning the globe are given to you in a fast and furious style. Ranging in size the dishes were all delicious and will tally to around 20 at the end of the night. Some personal favorites included lobster bisque, truffle pasta, grouper, carpaccio, and of course a happy helping of shell fish. Wine flows throughout the night and before you know it you have a full stomach with a nice buzz. Be sure to really take in everything as you are given a lot and it is all rather tasty. 5/5Service: Maroni's is composed of a cast of waiters scurrying back and forth with new dishes for every table throughout the night. You will be in quick contact often and this helps prevent the need to ask for anything. Everyone is professional and seems to know the routine well. 4/5Maroni's makes for a fantastic night and is a restaurant that has the ability to earn a rating of five stars in my opinion. The reason Maroni's doesn't earn the prestigious five may or may not be to the fault of their own. You are given new dishes as they come out of the kitchen and you will be rushed as dishes pile up on your table. Odds are your table will be needed towards the end of your meal and this prevents you from really taking in all the wonderful food that is presented to you the way that you would want to. Overall, Maroni Cuisine does get my recommendation despite the aforementioned weakness. It is expensive but go with great company and you will find it is an experience worth having.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,1/9/2013,140,162,1,6,5>I'll be honest. The food may not be a five-star. I would have ordinarily given this place a four, but for excellent customer service that stands above the competition, they get bumped ahead. I have always felt that a good, caring wait staff can make or break a place. What's the point of eating a great meal if the service is rude/bad ect.?Due to that lovely hurricane, many (including myself) were without power for several days. Grading papers by candlelight, feeling what life would have been like in the 1800's, thinking that they probably didn't have pizza in the 1800's, and then I craved Italian food. My boy's apartment had no power, his rents had no power, so we decided to hit this place up...three times in one week. I loved that they had power strips available so those without electric could charge their stuff up. Really nice. Each time I came here, I got the tortellini in brodo soup, a personal fav. And the soup here is on point - nice broth that's not too salty, and they didn't skimp on the tortellini. The minestrone was also good, the boy loved it and got it each time as well. Onto the secondi piatti (second plate), Momma S and I shared the baked eggplant Siciliana. It was with penne pasta, ricotta, the mozzarella melted on top and of course - eggplant. It was pretty good, but a little bit heavy on the ricotta. I like mine to be a bit saucier. it was more than enough for two people, and still plenty to wrap up and eat the next day. On another outing, I got a chicken panino. Basically a really nice sized piece of grilled chicken on a warm toasted roll with roasted red peppers, fresh mozzarella and I asked for pesto on the side. The pesto was super tasty and made the sandwich. Ordinarily this doesn't come with a sauce, but the pesto makes it. Even the waiter was eyeing my sandwich and thought it was a great idea to add the pesto. He says people rave about the pesto, and with good reason. And it's $5.50 for this. People are complaining about the prices here? You'd pay that for a crappy chicken sandwich at a fast food place!All paired well with a smooth glass of cab. And when the bill came, the waiter gave us a generous discount, knowing the without power situation and knowing that we had been there every other day. I can't speak for the pizza because I haven't had it. But the people are super nice, the soup was delicious and it's very reasonably priced.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/8/2013,383,272,2,4,3>I really can't think of a single bad thing to say about Blond. The food is really just consistently good. There's a bunch of new dishes on the menu and the specials are always pretty unique. I'm a thrifty chick so I used my coupon for a free bottle of wine (an Argentinian Malbec $42) on Sunday evening. This is a HUGE savings because normally we'd get 1 or more cocktails each which can really add up. The pork belly appetizer was damn good, maple deliciousness in every morsel.  My compadre and I shared the beet and goat cheese salad and the duck breast risotto. The duck breast was perfectly done and big enough to share. The risotto was excellent. Hubby had a steak special with "bacon mashed potatoes". How can you go wrong with that!  The bar is always busier than the restaurant which I think is a shame 'cause the food is tres bien.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/2/2012,1/7/2013,62,89,4,10,6>I came here to test drive a Honda Accord Coupe since I was doing research into what car to get my girlfriend. When I arrived, I had to wait a bit since they were very busy for a labor day sale they were having. I've never seen a dealership this busy!I was happy to see that they had a check-in offer here for a $25 gas card if you test drive one of their vehicles. Once they got a salesperson to attend to us, we hopped into a red Accord coupe and took off. The car was nothing special in my opinion and the salesperson didn't really know everything about the car but he was a genuinely nice guy and wasn't pushy at all. After we returned to the dealership, we spoke to the salesperson a bit and he got me my $25 gas card. Sweet! The salesperson didn't even take down my information. A hassle free experience from start to finish! If they weren't busy though, they may have been more pushy.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,1/6/2013,382,325,6,10,9>In Long Beach, you essentially have two kinds of places:1. old man bars2. bars that SEEM okay in the daylight, and then get taken over by THOSE people.  You know who I'm talking about.Somehow this place slipped through the cracks.  Its wonnnnnnnnnnnnnderful here.  Pub vibe in the front, with a small bar and a few booths, and a dining room with additional booths/tables in the back.  The decor is simple and welcoming, and the people that work here are fantastic and friendly.Regular beers on tap, varied enough bottled beer list.  The waitress was very attentive, and was quick to refill our beers, take our orders.  We got a few appetizers to nosh on - typical bar food.  Some friends came and met up with us and ordered a few more things to eat - everyone essentially ate everything on their plate.  I do need to come back and have dinner or lunch here - they have a decent enough selection of sandwiches, platters, burgers, etc.  And some german food.I love german food.  I SHOULD have gotten the Jager Schnitzel but I was distracted by jalapeno poppers and not hungry enough for a full meal.we were literally here for hours, talking, catching up, watching the Olympics...making friends with the husband and wife duo that own and operate the place.  We'll be regulars here, for sure.  I think we finally found our local bar.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,1/5/2013,35,234,4,7,5>While certainly not for everyone, the white whale is a good local spot if you meet the following criteria:1.  You're not pretentious2.  You don't mind a dining room that is mostly composed of seniors3.  You're a seafood fanLocated down on the water south of Merrick Rd in Seaford, the White Whale serves up quality seafood & some German fare as well.  My family has been coming here for years & we have always enjoyed good meals here.  It's not fancy, but on the plus side it's not a cookie cutter Applebee's type joint either - basically, it's a local mom & pop operation where you can get a great meal if you can get over yourself & relax.Minus one star for seemingly unnecessary upcharges- why I have to pay more for Caesar salad than house I have no idea (I've had both - it's good but nothing that would break the bank for them if they gave it away)Bottom Line - come to the White Whale expecting a casual atmosphere with good food & a nice outdoor setting...expecting fancy? go somewhere else
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,1/4/2013,46,88,8,11,6>Laverne is another one of those places you need to go to with the right expectations. IMO, they don't do themselves any favors when they brand themselves as a "Sushi, Thai, French Fusion" restaurant. As others have noted, 95% of the menu is Asian except for three appetizers (moules vin blanc, magret de canard, and coquilles st. Jacques) and two entrees (medley de coquillages and reduction de vin ribeye). I actually tried to order the "medley de coquillages" using the accent I'd developed in high school French and the nice fellow taking my order had no idea what I was saying until I said "the lobster, shrimp, and scallops thing". As for how the dish tasted, I imagine it tasted exactly like what I might have at a fancy French restaurant...in Thailand. Daniel Boulud is not hiding out in the kitchen in back. Still, when I write Yelp reviews it's about the taste and not the marketing (if it were, I'd give them zero stars for their repeated attempts to submit fake reviews--they really need to take whoever does their online marketing to the woodshed). And on that front I have to say that Laverne is one of those restaurants I go back to for takeout or delivery when I want a decent meal at a moderate price. The Pad Thai is very good (although it was much better back when they used to be called Bangkok Station), the Crispy Duck is excellent, and the Tom Yum Goong lives up to its middle name. In a town with fifty gazillion sushi restaurants, kosher restaurants, and Italian restaurants, it's nice to have a very good Thai restaurant as an option.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,1/3/2013,698,2009,6,7,7>American  A few of us decided to swing in and see what Jewel was about after starting out over in Farmingdale.   Jewel has been open a few months and the reviews are all over the map so I was curious as I know both the chefs and their various restaurants are usually very good.  I want to stress we only hit the bar area but we had food there.  Appearance:  very visually appealing - modern and airy, a nice place to see and be seen.  Bar area to the left, main dining to the right running parallel with the open kitchen.  Behind the bar is a glassed wine cellar running the width of the place.  There is also outside seating available.The bartenders were johnny on the spot and although I'm not a martini guy, I took a gander at the drink list and more than a few looked interesting - so myself and the 2 girls had martinis and my buddy just stuck with his beer.  The drinks were just too damn good and went right down.  So, naturally, we had to order more...We decided to eat a little nosh since we were drinking so we ordered the millionaire pizza which was the perfect size to snack on and it was extremely tasty.  Everyone loved it and it was gone in a flash.  The girls were having a grand time exploring the bathrooms and the dudes were exploring the drinks so for us, it was a good night.Prices were what you would expect in a higher end restaurant and let's be real, if you are going to bitch about the cost, you shouldn't be eating out.  Definitely going back as I want to give the food a more in-depth assault and maybe doing a little carousing through that wine cellar.  Valet parking or you can just park yourself as the restaurant is located in an office building off the service road west of 110.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,1/2/2013,642,123,5,7,5>I have been a fan of this establishment since it was the Hampton's Designer Showcase house years ago. First off, the renovation to yesteryear( I  made up the word,OK ) is really cool. Looks like it did in the 1800's when it was a real captains home. The food is ever changing with the seasons. My favorite time of the year is the summer. Incredible vegetables and herb gardens in the back off the kitchen, Salads are amazing, Freshness is second to none. Once and a while the wait staff is not 100% on what's in a new dish on the menu. This is the key to fine dining, a knowledgeable staff. Food is always great. Had some duck wings recently that were melt in your mouth fantastic.I highly recommend going to this wonderful dining experience and it's also has some gorgeous guest rooms to bring you back in time. Very romantic captain's suite. "Ahoy matey".
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,1/1/2013,72,204,,5,5>A quiet surprise in my own backyard: both food and service were polished and the frosting on the cake....a good craft beer selection.I had visited this place nearly seven years prior and wasn't impressed enough to remember it until we graced the front door last weekend. While I wasn't surprised that the venue had lasted that long, it appeared the time in between had transformed the venue into a friendly and interesting place.Moments after we darkened the doorway from the steamy Saturday evening, we were whisked away to a small candle lit table amidst a Western/Americana theme and decor.Our waiter was very attentive and made interesting suggestions to match our tastes on the menu. Knowing my date was not likely to down anything on the neatly fresh craft beer selection with the likes of Dogfish Head and Sierra Nevada, I stuck to the import standbys on tap and made Hoegaarden the cloudy choice.Breaking with the fine dining parlay, we shared a plate of Buffalo-style wings, which were messy, but retained a solid flavor. A unique service item followed which I had not witnessed before was the waiter's usage of hot and damp linen towels with lemon wedges on top. It was much appreciated over the usual sterile alcohol napkins one gets in cheap BBQ places that lack imagination.Into the next course, I was simply in the mood for the pure taste of well cooked beef, but not a whole steer, so I anted up with the filet selection. Remarkably, it wasn't over marinated or salted (common prep errors) and I just took it plain for a great taste.We followed with a stunning pie selection with coffee before closing the evening.I look forward to returning to this place in the future and to spend more time at the bar too.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,12/31/2012,31,60,,3,6>First. I have a confession - I LOVE SANDWICHES. So, after passing by this place numerous times, I decided it was a must go.Now, the day i finally went I actually planned to get pizza. Due to an awful selection, I left the pizza place and, while I was started to get crazed with hunger, I made my way to fireside. Fate guided me to my sandwich. So, there I was. It turns out that 4 pm is not a prime lunch time because when I walked in I was the ONLY soul there. And the place is HUGE inside (this ain't no average deli)! On my right was a whole counter of food - chicken, mashed, veggies, a salad bar. But I went straight ahead to the deli counter. It took me a few minutes to read the novella of sandwiches on the board but the guys behind the counter were very nice. They helped me decide and were pleased with the joy I took in my sandwich (and how ridiculously big the smile on my face gets in front of a deli counter). I ended up with a slammin hero - breaded chicken cutlet, bacon, Swiss, lettuce & mayo all on garlic bread. It was delicious .  .  .  though the garlic bread was a little heavy on the garlic (coming from someone who lovesss garlic). Now, I also confess, I think my sandwich may have tasted better in part due to starvation and in part due to my pizza places failure. Either way, I was and am utterly happy with Fireside's sweet success. And I plan to go back plenty of times (though I have learned to avoid garlic bread in the middle of the work day). I am excited try some other sandwich specials. I might even try some of their prepared hot foods.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,12/30/2012,37,154,8,9,6>The afternoon before Memorial Day, my husband decided to make some sausages on our 3 year old Weber grill. After he finished, he closed the cover, as he had always done to clean it. About 10 minutes later, the entire barbecue was smoking and the knobs on the control panel were completely melted into the metal. Well, to put it mildly, there went our Memorial Day barbecue!!I called Weber immediately and I have to say the representative who took my call, Alexandra, was extremely sympathetic to our situation and very helpful. I explained exactly what happened, was asked a few questions and then she requested that we take pictures of the grill from all angles and email them to her. The very next day we received an email back that Weber would be sending us all new replacement parts. Alexandra also recommended we contact Jetmore for the installation of these parts if we were unable to do it ourselves. After the parts were delivered (in 5 different boxes), my husband decided to call PC Richard's in Levittown as this is where we had first purchased our grill. They scheduled our appointment for the following week. The guy took one look at the parts and our grill, laughed and told my husband "I wouldn't even know where to start". He was actually a nice guy, just very inexperienced. My husband then contacted Jetmore and even though we had to wait 3 weeks for a service appointment, it was understandable since we called right at the height of barbecue season.Jimmy was the technician who came to our home. Although our appointment time was between 1 and 4, at 12:15 Jimmy called and said he could be right over at 12:30. There were 3 burners, the knobs, the igniter, the manifold (lines that ran from the burners to the knobs) and the control panel that had to be installed. He told my husband that because of his past technical and mechanical experience, this would be an easy job to complete and he was finished in a 1/2 hour. My husband described Jimmy as "very neat, polite, respectful, courteous, efficient and extremely knowledgeable". He was so nice, he even let me take a picture of him (and probably thought I was absolutely crazy). I called Jetmore after Jimmy left to speak to the manager to tell him how lucky he was to have such a great technician and how pleased and impressed we were with the service we received. Then I told him I was going to review his store and I was blown away by what he told me that the store had to offer. Jetmore is independently owned and has been in business since 1971. Not only do they service barbecue's, but they carry over 70 models of gas, electric and charcoal barbecue grills. They stock thousands of parts for almost every grill and every type of grill accessory you could possibly imagine. Jetmore also carries a full line of barbecue sauces, rubs and more. The store also sells fireplaces, wood burning stoves and all accessories for your fireplace. They can custom build outdoor entertainment barbecue islands. Running low on propane? You can exchange your old propane gas tank for a newly refurbished one. Jetmore is opened 7 days a week and services all of Long Island, as far as Montauk, and some parts of Queens. I cannot rave enough about this store and the professional, courteous service they provided us. If I could give them 10 stars, Jetmore would have definitely received it!!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/29/2012,186,337,4,3,3>If you want to be "wow'd" go to Maggie's Raw Love Cafe!The food she makes is absolutely incredible considering it's vegan and raw!  She makes this pie from coconut cream and dates that's AMAZING.  It's nice to pay $15 for something that's delicious and know that nothing is processed and it's all natural and made by Maggie herself (who you'll meet when you go in there, she pretty much cooks everything).  It's a really cool experience.   Now, I'll let you know now, the decor is a little weird.  One side of the restaurant is a restaurant and the other side sells candles, books on meditation and some other strange stuff, but to each their own, right?  Go there for the food - and if you're into the stuff on the other side, shop away after a healthy lunch or dinner!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,12/28/2012,273,306,4,12,4>By far better than the Sushi Village in Hicksville. Stopped in today for lunch with my twin sister and close friend. This location has taken over Taiko, which was another sushi spot, that I suppose wasn't doing well. The  "Taiko" sign was still up inside the restaurant.The decor was nice. I believe it was all booths(I could be wrong) which I like. A lot of wood. It reminds me of this small Japanese restaurant in the city, which was nice to see. Much different than the other location. As for the food, it was really good. Same order situation; 2 papers, one for apps and one for sushi. But, honestly, the quality was much higher. Everything was delicious.Service was impeccable. It was virtually empty, so service was expected to be good. At the other location I've felt rushed or was given an attitude when ordering more, but not here.All-in-all, a really good experience. I could get in a lot of trouble for it being so close.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/27/2012,234,238,4,8,7>Holy Crap!!!! $5 meals!!!! Also equals 5 STARS!!!I have been driving by this place for so long. Finally I was able to stop and order something. I got the Chicken special, Chicken and rice, and lamb and rice. While I was standing patiently waiting for my food to come. I noticed this awesome smell coming from the food truck. I knew I was in for a treat when I got home.THE FREAKING LAMB AND RICE WAS OFF THE HOOK!!!Gryo meat on top of rice and some yogurt sauce. The perfect flavor of sweet, savory, heat, and salty lamb. This place is situated next to a barber shop. I think most of the traffic in the lot is for the food truck and nothing else in the lot. FYI, I went back 2 days in a row and it is still great grub.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/26/2012,237,506,6,10,8>I've only been here for lunch because I have no life and am too tired to go out at night like everyone else, but I was overall impressed with my experience.  Obviously at 11:30am, there was no one else in the place which was great.  No need to even use valet parking, easy street parking during the day.  The lunch menu has the best Thai selection I've ever seen and also Sushi.  I ordered some garlic chicken dish and it was delicious.  They were around $8.50 if I recall correctly and it came with rice and soup.  The portions were generous and the sushi was great.  Our waiter was attentive and accomodating to me and my young children.  Looking forward to return and try more of their lunch menu and maybe even dinner if I'm feeling adventurous.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,12/25/2012,126,237,3,5,2>I love the ideas you get from the container store...not so in love with the prices!This one seems smaller than the one in Manhattan, but definitely less crowded!  I came during the week, so I can only imagine how people squeeze through the small isles on the weekends!  What's great about this new location is the Trader Joe's next door, as well as a Blooomingdales Outlet in the same shopping center!  Anyhow, definitely gather ideas from the Container Store and make your home a dream in organization!  But compare some of their items to what you would find at Ikea or Walmart - or make sure you have a coupon!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,12/24/2012,113,134,,6,3>This is my favorite movie theater. If something is playing here, I will always prefer to come here instead of going anywhere else. It has a cosy and small town feel, and its prices are better than other theaters. It's nice to support a smaller business that always shows great movies. This place also shows lots of independent and foreign films, but you can also catch slightly more mainstream flicks- often ones that have left other theaters already.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,12/23/2012,33,416,,11,4>If you want to experience Chirrasqueira to the fullest extent, then I have two pieces of advice: go with the Rodizio and bring an appettite. The Rodizio allows you to try all of the meats that the servers bring around to the tables. It's expensive, but you can try all of the meats, and then you can focus on the ones that you liked the most. Personally, I enjoyed the Prime Rib the most; however, there are five or six different types of meat that are served. I also recommend enjoying your meal with a glass of Sangria or a Sagres Beer. Sagres is a Portuguese Pale Lager. It's very light and refreshing but tasteful as well.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,12/22/2012,44,22,4,8,6>It's not too often we venture out and try a new sushi place....for whatever reason.  But this popped up on Yelp for a nearby sushi joint and we were starving.  We pulled up and were a little concerned that it was attached to a Days Inn.  But as soon as you walk in there is beautiful decor and a really neat bar area!  Behind the bar there is seating with a sushi bar off to one side.  Really low lighting and modern art made this place feel trendy.First things first...sake list...awesome.The menu was typical of any great sushi restaurant I've been to...which is a good thing!  A few unfamiliar appetizers made it even more exciting.  Avocado salad and soup portions were about 5x bigger than we expected.  Winning!Neither one of us ordered sushi during this visit, but I had General Tso's bean curd which was great and filled me up enough so that I had a complete lunch for the next day :)The only thing that rubbed me the wrong way was the staff's obvious shoo out the door.  I'm exaggerating.  But on a Saturday night, when the hosts and waiters and waitresses start changing into their party clothes, you know you're holding them back from their plans.  Awkward.  : )
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,12/21/2012,5,16,,4,2>Nice little place. Service is very attentive and seem to have mastered the art of service without disruption.Their specials and desserts are verbally communicated with no menus. I'm not sure this is the best way to present things because their special menu is vast enough to compete with there regular menu and the presentation makes it easy to forget things.Appetizer:For an App we had the calamari - very solid calamari and fried vegetable mix is a nice touch. One gets the impression that the vegetables are mixed in to give the illusion of more calamari than you actually get. I don't have any complaints, its just an impression.Meal:For my main meal I ordered a special which is basically their Fruti di Mare (Fruit of the Sea) but instead of regular linguine it came with linguine soaked in squid ink. I was feeling adventurous, and it payed off. The flavor was subtly different and amazing and the fra diavolo sauce has just enough burn to be good. mmmmmm.... Dessert:Pumpkin Cheese cake: HOLY HELL!!!!!!! EAT THIS!!!!! NOMNOMNOMChocolate Ganache: YES!!!!! DO IT!!!!!!! Seriously, I think  I'd actually kill for this one.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,12/20/2012,51,336,,2,1>My favorite Greek restaurant on Long Island.  Can get crazy crowded at peak times so plan your visit carefully.  While waiting outside on a long line last summer the owner came outside and gave everyone a glass of wine.  Classy.  Food is top-notch  don't just go for the gyros, which are great.  I love the fresh fish dishes, moussaka, and spinach pie.  Homemade Baklava is the best outside of New York City or Greece. This is one of a handful of restaurants I go out of the way to eat at.  I've been going to this place since childhood, before they blew out the wall and expanded the dining area.  If I do have a complaint it would be some of the seating is on high bar stools and I personally prefer regular chairs.  On one visit I ordered moussaka and the size of the piece that was brought out to me was literally the size of a brick.  I had leftovers for three days. So, be aware that portions are big & be prepared to take home food.  Prices are reasonable, restaurant is clean, and noisy at times.  This is a place I'd recommend to try on a weeknight.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,12/19/2012,162,141,1,3,2>The best place to grab a giant hero when you're heading down to Long Beach to catch some waves.  They use that amazing bread that has a perfect flaky crust outside and chewy softness inside, dusted with a light sprinkling of flour.  It does take them a bit to make the sandwich.  (Perfection takes time.)  So you'll have to wait.OR!!!You can now text your order ahead of time and it'll be ready for pickup.  Then you don't have to miss any rays.  Perfect complement to the beach!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2012,12/18/2012,156,116,2,4,4>Stopped in here to pick up a small birthday cake.  Got a chocolate cake with chocolate mousse filling.  The girl that helped me was very friendly and helped me pick out the cake.  I am not a big sweets person so I don't really have a lot to compare the cake to.  The cake itself was really cool looking and the cake tasted good.  The covering was hard and tasted like fudge.  I thought it was tasty, but as I said when it comes to desserts I can usually take it or leave it.  The person I got the cake for enjoyed the cake and that's what matters!  Would get another cake here!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,12/17/2012,287,356,,2,1>This is a much better option for your lunch money then say stopping in Burger King or Wendy's down the street. If you eat greasy food all the time your palette becomes so used to it. Try going without any greasy food for a month (ie: paleo diet). you'll never want to touch them again.So on to why this is a good option. I walked to the counter and asked the cashier what is good because I've never been here before. She took her time explaining each section, and my appetite perked up for the Tex Mex Turkey Burger. Normally turkey burgers I've had at places or have made from pre-made patties at home are a bit tough and coarsey. But the meat was soft, juicy, and the mix of guacamole and cheese was delicious. I opted for two side, creamed spinach and black bean & mango salad.I guess I'm so accustomed to store bought creamed spinach that I was a bit taken aback by how spinachy it tastes. After a few bites, I definitely warmed up to.The mango and black bean salad is my favorite though. It's like a fiesta of flavors in your mouth. And none are too overpowering.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,12/16/2012,35,246,,3,3>Earlier this summer I was going nuts over Latin American food-- I had to have it all the time!! For lunch one day I decided to give Mi Tierrita a try with my fiance who is a UPS driver in the local area. We met up during a horrendous rainstorm (during which we witnessed a tree splice in two in the parking lot) and walked into this fine establishment. Shakira was singing over the speakers and I knew I was in the right place!We sat in a booth next to the window and waited to be served. Our waiter came over after a few minutes with menus. After looking over the extensive list, we decided to order the same lunch item. When ordering, the waiter asked if we wanted to order 1 or 2 of the same entree which should have been our indication of something large to come. We wanted 2, please. Should have listened to the waiter: the $10 meal we got was HUUUUUUUUGE. Soup, chicken, rice and beans, fries, salad... WHOA BABY. Delicious food, large portions, great service. We'll be back for sure.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/15/2012,438,124,4,4,4>Purely Euphoric. From the initial sip of sangria, to the last stuffing of a Belgian Fry into my mouth, I was completely pleased!For our meals, we ordered a Pastrami Knish, which was essentially a fried potato sandwich filled with pastrami, swiss, and tangy roasted pepper dressing.We also had the the #38 for a panini. This sandwich was easily one the best I've had in awhile, and had all my favorite things: grilled steak, avocado, roasted pepper dressing (I need a find a bottle of that somewhere!), mozzarella, and sweet onion jam. This is one of the many reasons I could never be a vegan.Then, of course, the crisp-to-perfection Belgian Fries. DAMN. Service was great. Attentive and friendly, just how I like it!I wish this precious gem was closer to my home so I could come here everyday, and order every single one of their sandwiches.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,12/14/2012,54,273,8,4,4>This rating is for Friday Happy Hour only. i didn't eat in the restaurant. Happy Hour is from 3 PM to 6 Pm on Fridays. Hmmm, what lucky group of people get off at 3 PM? Who is at Happy Hour then? Answer: Senior Citizens!!!. This is in no way a negative, it works for everybody involved. What draws the Seniors is the FREE FOOD, yes I said FREE. Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Chicken Wings, 6 ft hero, Macaroni salad. All things seniors shouldn't eat but it's FREE!!. Put the cost towards the medical bills, it evens out. Tap beer, well drinks, wine, $3.00 a glass. So about 10 minutes after 3 the Seniors arrive get a table in the shade and kick back with a cold one and FREE FOOD. Much better than a Florida Early Bird special but the same rules apply. Guess what happens by 4:30 PM. The Seniors go toddling off into the sunset (figuratively not literally we hope) and a younger more alcohol oriented group arrives. As they pass each other going down the ramp the Seniors smile at the youngsters and the youngsters find encouragement that in 25 or 30 years they will still be able to enjoy Happy Hour. Everybody's Happy, everybody wins.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,12/13/2012,180,465,4,5,3>Frequently here for wine at the bar.  When we entered Sunday night circa 9PM there were no seats without others who had the same idea.  Perhaps it was the call of Laguna's half-priced wine-bottles on Sunday's that lured them into this beach-town trattoria in like a siren's call luring ships into rocks. We had a much more serendipitous (and dryer) fate, as we cast our sea legs under a table.  Ok, enough nautical reference...Ordered a bottle of wine- Barbaresco.  Although considered a spicy red, it's flavor is heavily influenced by the floral notes, and you would be better off saving $30 and opting for the granacha here; even bypassing the common Malbec made even more common by the S. American region from which it hails that is on this menu..Ordered a pizza- Rustico Bianco, cooked in their wood-fired oven with mozzarella and goat cheese and prosciutto.  Laguna officially has the best pizza in Long Beach based on my unofficial power to bestow official titles.Always a great experience to be had at Laguna- a place that attracts the multitude of locals that would give LB the reputation it deserves, were we not inundated with the onslaught of tourism from "greater" Long Island's populace that makes it difficult to ascertain where Staten Island and New Jersey end, and Long Island begins.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,12/12/2012,83,85,7,9,6>I was an IHOP devotee. Big fluffy pancakes the size of my head are a weakness for me, and after trying pancakes at many a place on Long Island, I thought that Maureen's Kitchen had the boutique breakfast on lockdown. Until a friend referred The Cookroom to me. OMFG.For a tiny silver Airstream trailer-diner on the side of a depressing strip of a depressing road in a nondescript LI neighborhood, this place just GETS it. They serve up the classic comfort goods, elevating it just enough to be outstanding but not too much as to be pretentious. Instead, it matches its town name of Middle Island, meeting in the middle in a perfect happy medium.I've had the Oaty Oat pancakes (yes, real creative name, but it does the job) both times that I've been there, and each time, I'm astounded anew by how GOD-EFFING-DAMN delicious they are. Three massive, fluffy pancakes the diameter of the entire dinner plate tower in a heavenly stack of carbs that you can pretend are healthy for you due to the addition of whole oats and oat flour to the buttermilk batter. Adding to that illusion are cinnamon-dusted sliced hot apples, and omega-3-rich crushed walnuts. And, they put the butter on the side so you can pretend you have some semblance of self-control instead of liberally spreading it all over the pancakes. These pancakes are simply astounding. The oats add a richness to the flavor of the pancakes, with no cardboard taste or even whole oat texture. Instead, it's just a deeper, denser mouthfeel and a slightly nutty enhanced flavor. It's firm but absorbs the syrup and butter well, and doesn't fall apart like the IHOP grain-and-nut pancakes. Dusted with confectioner's sugar, this is absolutely amazing. And filling! I can't eat lunch after this, and haven't been able to finish a plate of them yet. (And I easily polish off a stack of IHOP 'cakes after downing an omelette.)Speaking of omelets, theirs are HUGE. IHOP huge. But with more real ingredients and inventive combinations that smack of the south, including a chili omelet. Accompanied by toast and fresh homefries, these omelets are for serious. The Benedicts look amazing, with sauce that hasn't separated and perfectly toasted English muffins with Jenga-tall towers of yolk, Canadian bacon or whatever the hell else you choose to Benedict. Because there are many ways to do it, and I have to get back there ASAP to try it for myself. The guy at the dinette bar next to me was downing a Florentine last time, and I was tempted to ask him for a bite. Seriously, it looked that good.A special they had on the board that was extraordinary were their humbly named Breakfast Sliders. This moniker gives the dish absolutely no justice. A pair of homemade cheddar cheese biscuits stood about four inches tall, smothered with American cheese and a fried semi-runny egg (by request, and cooked perfectly) and sandwiched between two layers of grilled Canadian bacon, which was then sandwiched between the tops and bottoms of the buttery, savory biscuits. This was nothing short of outstanding.Needless to say, I'm hooked on this place. Everything we've had here has been good, and everything we've looked at everyone else eating has also smelled and appeared to be amazing. There's little to no wait (versus the hours-long lines at Maureen's) and they also served stuffed French toast (like Maureen's) and their own Granny Annie's baked oatmeal (also a Maureen's staple). All of this without the attitude. The only bad similarity they have to Mo's is that they're also cash only, but this place is worth a trip to the ATM on the way out east. I'm hopelessly addicted to this little joint, and find myself craving their pancakes for days after, even more intensely than my IHOP kicks. And that's saying something. Can't wait until next weekend when I can cajole my way back!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,12/11/2012,285,275,3,6,4>Huntington seems to be the culinary epicenter of Long Island and F.H. Riley's is likely one of the reasons why.  I've been wanting to eat here for years now, as I've been a long-time listener of the Opie & Anthony show.  The name of the restaurant sounds like it's just another restaurant pub that serves bar food, but I assure you it's not.  We started off with the calamari, which was generous in serving size and perfectly crisp and had lots of flavor.  The hubby had fish & chips which was a plate full of fried goodness.  The real standout was the Bistro Burger.  It was simple (I'm a purist when it comes to my burgers...no weird toppings for me), the meat was juicy and flavorful, and HUGE (I could only eat half).  I also cannot say enough great things about the service.  Everyone that worked there was friendly and welcoming.  Our server was really helpful about recommending items since it was our first time there.  I will definitely be returning to try more of their menu items!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,12/10/2012,371,182,2,5,5>This is my second trip to Frankies. This little pizzeria was always know as the smallest in Williston Park and previously was strictly a carry-out business. It's nice to see the new establishment investing in not only updating the quality of the food but also the interior of the restaurant. Gone is the pizza oven that used to take up half the building. There are about 4 to 5 tables for four in the restaurant now. No waitress service from what I could see but the counter help bring the food out to you.Now down to business, I've tried both the regular and the Sicilian pies at this point. Both were very good. In a place where there pretty much a pizzeria 4 blocks away from wherever you stand Frankie's can hold their own. Some of the other establishments in town tend to overcook the pies, this one was just right (for me.) The prices are competitive. Coupons in local papers make this an affordable option but I don't know how but longer that will continue after the grand opening.Overall I would consider this an above average option for Italian food if you are in the area. I'm looking forward to go back and explore the menu further. Worth the trip.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,12/9/2012,11,98,3,5,3>This is the quintessential old-fashioned, 50's style fast food.  Simple menu, with your basic food fare, and a price that goes along with the style.  This place is very affordable and the quality is equally surprising. All American has your typical fare of hamburgers, cheeseburgers, and doubles of said burgers as well as fries, onion rings, and shakes.  It even has some unexpected items for a burger joint including hotdogs and grilled cheese.  Don't be fooled by the burgers which look like they came from McDonalds; one bite and you can instantly taste how much fresher the ingredients are compared to the fast food giant.  The bun though a tad too big for the meat, is fine and the burger as a whole is very tasty and not too fatty (Get the double though because the single burgers are very small).  The fries are salty and a little greasy, yet overall a nice complement to the burger.  Shakes are great too.  There is some seating outside the place though this is primarily  suited for takeout.  You'll hardly ever pass the place without seeing a mass of people huddled around the establishment waiting for their old fashioned treat.  With a good price, solid taste, and nostalgic feel, All American really is all American.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,12/8/2012,6,36,1,31,29>Kabul is a local favorite. The food is amazing. The qaimagh chai (a sweet, spicy tea) is something I'd happily maim for. The prices are good, the portions are huge and the leftovers (if any) get better overnight. This review is not for the food (seriously, though, try the dahl chalaw). It's for the staff.The staff at the family run restaurant are friendly, hospitable, and will truly go to any length for their customers. Case in point: After a quick civil wedding one Thursday evening, my husband and I along with several friends showed up at dinner without reservations. The host welcomed us without hesitation and, upon giving the medium-sized room a glance, re-jiggered some tables and chairs to fit us into a corner. When we told him we just got married and enquired if there was any champagne, he said there wasn't but that he'd get some. Then he got his jacket and left to buy two bottles of Dom. I have never been to a restaurant where the staff would literally run out to buy something that the restaurant ran out of if a patron requested it. We've been going back ever since.Yes, we tipped REALLY well that night.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,12/7/2012,198,160,4,8,3>YAY! I am a FAN only for the Sashimi and Sashimi only. And nothing can go wrong when it is AYCE =]Everything else is just okay to me.The service was okay, they waiter/waitress tried their best to serve everyone but they can't do it all with just two of them and the owner...which SJ and I wasn't happy with his service. The owner sat us down but he told us he would get back to us to explain to us how it works because it was our first time there, but he never came back...no one came to us for quite some time and I am sure no one likes to wait. Two waiters/waitress is not enough for a weekday...I went on a Thursday and it was pretty busy that day. Get some more help. I enjoyed everything on the Sashimi Menu, but when I ordered the other stuff I wasn't so please.  The hand roll I will never order it again.  It just didn't taste right at all.  I will not order it again...waste of space in my tummy I would say. What I ate:Kitchen:Miso Soup - not bad at allSeaweed Salad - I never ate a bad seaweed salad in my life.  It can never go wrong.BBQ Squid - (i forgot to take a picture of this) I would definitely order this again. It was extremely tasteful.  I ate it all up.Gyoza: I have tried better Gyoza at other restaurant. Would save tummy space for other items.Shumai: There's nothing good about this shumai.Tempura: I think I ate this when I was too full to realize how it really taste. Need to try this again to really say if it is good or not haha.Sushi Bar:a) Sashimi: Salmon, White Tuna and Crab___ forgot the actual name for it.Everything else was good as well but I probably wouldn't get Albacore again.b) Sushi: Yellowtail and Tunac) Spicy Crunchy Salmon - I ate this and realized I ordered the wrong thing. I wanted to get the Salmon skin roll...so I ordered that afterwards. I wasn't please about the hand roll.d) Special Roll: Godzilla Roll - It was good at first but it comes in 8pcs...after a few piece I got sick of it. I think there's too much in the godzilla roll. I end up eating here because I saw a coupon in an ad and I would definitely come back here again. For all the things I enjoyed eating, the price is worth for AYCE seafood.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,12/6/2012,44,30,1,3,3>The Mill Pond House is a fantastic choice for a great meal out with a lovely waterfront view. Even though  this area is surrounded by water a restaurant with a waterview around here is somewhat rare. So in addition to a fantastic setting, Mill Pond also serves up some really outstanding food. We went with a large party and every single person at the table enjoyed what they were served. We went on a night that crispy duck was on the specials menu... if you go and duck is offered, take them up on it. It was outstanding! Other hits at the table were the pan seared sea scallops. Well seasoned and nicely portioned. The short ribs were also out of this world.  If duck isn't on the specials, go for the short ribs but I would also highly recommend the soy skirt steak. I am  not usually up for dessert but I really enjoyed the bite I had of a chocolate peanut butter tart. I would have had more than a bite if my date would have been more willing to share!I guess what I am trying to say is that there are plenty of excellent choices. Pricey but worth it!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,12/5/2012,1,8,,2,2>I was married here in May 2012.  They were very accommodating as I wanted an outdoor wedding and it was raining in the morning.  Lucky the weather held out and I got to enjoy the outdoors.  They redid the whole outside for a cool Miami beach theme, and they have umbrellas to cover the guest so they are not baking in the sun.  The food and service was excellent.  Love that I got to make a grand entrance through the floor, and watch what was going on upstairs on tvs while waiting.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/4/2012,59,84,3,4,4>$1 hot dogs, $2 beers, music that everyone knows, and an all around wild party! Do go early, as the line is always extensive, and I'm sure most people already know, this place is ONLY open on Sundays. Take the train into Hampton Bays, and then either walk or take a cab (it's only a mile away) to the barn. Pre-gaming makes the line a party in itself, but be discreet about it. Bouncers WILL make you throw out any alcohol if they see it. There's a liquor store in the strip mall right next to the barn, I suggest buying a few mini bottles of liquor and consuming them stealthily. Check the train schedule, and whatever you do, do NOT miss that last train out of Hampton Bays! Also, don't wear nice clothes...or open toed shoes if you can avoid it. From personal experience, I can say that walking around with a broken flip flop was not pleasant. Ended up going barefoot *shudder*, but that sort of thing isn't frowned upon at the barn thankfully! Come opening day, and experience the madness. I'll be there.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/3/2012,6,8,,4,3>I went there for lunch and we had booked our table beforehand, so I don't know what is the average wait time. The place is small and cute. It is family owned and they change their menu very often, if not everyday. The cuisine is french, thus the portions are small- so one can actually have a prix fixe 3 course lunch without being a glutton. I absolutely loved their steak tartar and chocolate pudding. It also used to be BYOW, but not sure if it is still one. I tried to get a table during V-day, and all the tables were booked during that week, which means it is a very popular place in that area. Looking forward to go again.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/2/2012,113,382,2,3,3>WHAT MORE CAN I SAY!this is awesome ice cream even with out toppingsso good flavorsI had chocolate turtle with big hunks of candy I had coconut I so love anything coconut and this white stuff is so creamy and goodthere are other flavors such as banana oreo,pistachio,cherry pistachio there are so many moreOnly 4 tables and a small counterfriendly helpyou can sample the flavorsthis is something I like, a different special each day such as money off on a sundae a reason I guess to come back everyday for more ice creamthese flavors are so good they can stand on their ownwho needs syrup, toppings & whipped cream (their whipped cream is really good0but then again you only live once right?
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,12/1/2012,52,121,3,12,3>A new spot on Main st!We sat outside on a nice summer evening. I usually don't like sitting outside in restaurants  because it seems like you can get forgotten by the wait staff. Not at this place. Service was first rate. I think they had more servers outside then inside. Our server Lauren was excellent. She made some really good suggestions on the menu items. that worked out well They have a bunch of beers on tap. The food, Rock shrimp, battered, deep fried. Steak for 2, we split it 3 ways and had plenty left to take home. It looked like something Fred Flintstone would have eaten. Combined that with an outstanding scallop dish. we were too full for desert. I'll be back and do an update on the deserts.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,11/30/2012,5000,690,5,13,6>Shine is the name of the coolest new dental place on the North Shore of Long Island. Brand new building designed with two levels, impressive inside and out. Shine is just next to Starbucks on the corner of Jackon Ave and Jericho Tpk. A few miles west off Rt 135. Easy to get to.What makes it cool is they are friendly, competant, and motivated to do great work. They also got high ratings from the toughest critic in my family.If your tired of going to someone that reminds you of your uncle and fear the xray machines are old....Then try a brand new state of the art cool place to feel good about the dentist. They made appointments very easily and were friendly when a reschedule was needed.I just checked out the website... it gives you an idea of the hospitable environment they have.  I'm not sure why there are photos of Hollywood personalities standing with their receptionist....   but it seems like fun : )
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,11/29/2012,48,137,,5,4>Welcome, welcome, welcome! Bistro 25 is the perfect addition to Sayville and the South Shore! A mesh of a quality, a well crafted and executed menu and superb service make this establishment a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Though classified as "New American" there is definitely a French bistro vibe to this menu. I can't quite call it a true French bistro or restaurant but there is enough magic going on in this kitchen to call it a win for anyone who visits. I've had the opportunity to visit Bistro 25 on a few occasions, each time trying a sampling of several menu items and developing a good sense for what Bistro 25 has to offer. On my first visit our group ordered a number of different items and created our own tasting menu or sorts. We started with the Smoked Mozzarella Ricotta Fritters (see photo.) Though this may sound rich they were quite the contrary. A flaky, lightly fried exterior encompassed a soft,  gooey ricotta and mozzarella interior. This was like not like any "mozzarella stick" or appetizer you've experienced before. Plated with a shallow pour of savory plum tomato sauce and sharp nutty shaved Parmesan cheese this appetizer strikes a great balance for cheese lovers everywhere. Following the fritter appetizer we dove into the server recommended grilled flat bread with confit duck, caramelized onions, goat cheese and balsamic reduction (see photo.) The bread was crispy and charred on the exterior, soft and flaky on the interior. The confit duck was expertly prepared with the right balance of onion and goat cheese. Not too potent with onion, or overly powerful with the goat cheese. Just enough balsamic reduction was drizzled over the top to create a contrast and bring out the flavor of the duck and goat cheese. A warm inviting interior welcomes you to this bistro, not stuffy but not "bar casual" either. A respectful staff, knowledgeable of the menu, has a great understanding of pairing your meal with an outstanding wine or beer menu makes the experience all that much better. I could go on and on about the Mussels Meunier or house-made Pâté. Maybe I could entice you with talk of the Burgundy Braised Ribs or their take on the Shrimp Po Boy. What fun would that be when you can go experience it on your own?
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,11/28/2012,152,369,5,7,4>Probably one of the best Chinese food delivery I have ever had, hands down. For those of you who think, meh, it's more expensive than my regular Chinese take-out... Yea, it probably is; it's also infinitely more delicious. What we got and how it measured up: * Eggplant in garlic sauce: for the vegetarian Chinese food lover in your life... this. was. phenomenal. The supporting cast vegetables were crunchy, the sauce was sweet and spicy and delicious, and the eggplant was phenomenal. Now, as a vegetarian, I have had my fair share of eggplant in garlic sauce - I'm telling you, this ties for the best I've ever had. So, so good. * Orange chicken: Whenever we order Chinese food, my husband orders orange chicken. He doesn't know anything else. For the past six years, two states, and countless cities/Chinese takeout restaurants, he's always gotten orange chicken. Usually, when he approves of it, he'll eat half the order. If its really good, he'll eat a little more... but there's always leftovers. Tonight, friends, there are no leftovers - there is only my husband, full to the brim with all white meat orange chicken-y goodness. That's the best endorsement a restaurant can get from himself. * Vegetable spring rolls: SO GOOD. SO FRESH. NOT GREASY AND PRE-MADE. AND ONLY $3.00! Oh yes, get these. Clearly, we have found our new Chinese take out restaurant. Now, if only they could make a vegetarian version of the lettuce wraps and hot & sour soup....
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,11/27/2012,280,325,8,12,8>While Miller's Ale House pervades most parts of Florida, it is few and far in between in Long Island. That's a damn shame since I would rather eat great comfort food within the chill setting of Miller's Alehouse than mediocre slop within the overrated underwhelming TGIFs and Applebees that seems to plague our great island.The place is huge. There is one closed off section that contains a big bar, and the other section is one enormous lot of space that holds tables with high seats, comfortable booths a plenty, as well as a second bar. There are flat screen T.V.s everywhere playing different types of sports events. The last time I went they turned off the music and let a boxing match take over; the volume was moderate and not very loud.Expect this place to be crowded. Young adults in truckloads, as well as middle aged people, and family with young children come here for a night out. You should come here with the expectations of waiting for awhile especially on weekend nights. However, the most recent time we visited, on a Saturday  night around 9pm, there was a 5 minute wait and the place wasn't overly crowded at all. Some times you get lucky. DRINK SPECIALS, DRINK SPECIALS, DRINK SPECIALS GALORE!!Broke up with your bf/gf? Done with finals week? Your favorite team lost? Ran into your ex with your sexy new lover and saw that your ex got rounder, flabbier, and uglier? Celebrate your victories and remedy your woes with Miller's inexpensive and numerous drink specials. At Miller's you can practically swim in "liquid courage" without breaking the bank.  Just remember to bring a designated driver. Here is some of the drink deals they have to offer, you can find more in the book of alcoholic beverages they leave on your table:-Mon to Thurs $8 for 5 Miller Lite, MGD, MGD 64, Miller High life, $2.95 for 23 oz, and $1.95 for pints.-All day everyday $5 pitchers of Millers-$2.75 Foster pints everyday-$8 for bucket of 5 Budweiser-$8.95 pitcher of Bud or Bud Light, $3.50 each-$3.95 Modelo pint everyday-Tuesdays $15 for 5 Heineken, $3.75 each everyday-$5.95 for 23oz Blue Moon Belgian White and Blue Moon Seasonal everyday-$5.95 for 20 oz Guisness and $4.95 for refills-$8.95 for 5 samples of craft beer-$10 for 32 oz pitchers of white or red sangria-$10 for 32 oz pitchers of sauza tequila margaritasPitcher comes in a bucket of ice ensuring icy cool beer. They also bring you chilled mugs which is a welcomed approach.Food is comforting, fatty, and delicious. I didn't have anything which I didn't enjoy. The meals are very inexpensive and the portions are staggeringly huge. -Ossobuco $12.99Marinated pork shank slowly cooked until tender; served with mashed potatoes, gravy, & the veggie of the day. This meal could have easily been over $20 in any place in the city. The ossobuco is comically big, the cut looks primitive and stone-age-esque with its big bone sticking out of the tender juicy hunk of meat. Delish and filling. It was fun sucking out the creamy fatty bone marrow straight from the bone.-Ale House Loaded Fries $7.991 lb of seasoned crispy fries with melted jack and cheddar cheese, scallion, bacon bits, and a side of ranch dressing. So addicting, so yummy, and so huge.-Fiesta Nachos $8.99Crispy tortilla chips with ground beef seasoned with ancho chili spices and topped with pico de gallo, jalapenos, jack & cheddar cheese, sour cream, and guacamole.  It satisfied my nachos craving but it is not the best. Meat was clumped up and the cheese was dry.-10 Wings $7.99Comes with a variety of sauces. We tried the Mt. Saint Helen sauce which is supposedly the spiciest one they have. I didn't think it was so spicy but I do love heat and maybe immune to spicy foods. The sauce wasn't well distributed and a lot of it pooled in the bottom of the bowl. Make sure to dip your chicken to the bottom to get more sauce. Solid wings, very yummy. -Shrimp and Crab Quesadilla $?Think this was a special. It was creamy and delicious so if you see it on the menu order it!Miller's Ale House is great! Fun chill atmosphere, lots of specials, cheap drinks, inexpensive and yummy food with big portions! Very cool. Very cool indeed.* Tuesdays Kids eat free with the purchase of one entree.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,11/26/2012,301,223,1,5,3>My go-to lunch spot and probably THE BEST lunch spot that I've found in this area so far. Freshly made sandwiches, soups and a variety of salads, including great vegetarian options. They even have decent Asian food, oddly enough. Best sandwiches:Fresh Turkey Carver: The spinach artichoke is a great upgrade to your turkey sandwich. The Toasted Almond: I'm always a fan on turkey, Brie and apples/pears and this panini does not disappoint especially with the honey mustard aioli.Soups are yummy here. The creamy broccoli is ultra creamy, questionable stomach upsetting but worth it. The daily chicken orzo is essentially their version of chicken noodle. Great for a rainy day and not overly salty. Hibachi Chicken Salad: I wish it wasn't made with iceberg lettuce but this salad is like whoa.This review really can't do their changing menu justice. The pasta salads are tasty, innovative and leaves you feeling good about lunch. Their entire menu (plus their prices) actually leave you feeling like you made a solid choice for a healthy, homemade lunch. Besides the delicious food, the service is always friendly and helpful. They recently had a free barbecue to show their appreiation of their customers. Pretty neat.I will definitely be back here for lunch and back again and again!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,11/25/2012,30,65,1,3,2>Everyone in the Coram - Centereach - Selden - LakeGrove area must know Benkert's Bakery right? It's been the go- to-bakery for all specialty cake needs for years, for our entire area. And the cakes have always been delicious. So after all these years, what prompted me to write a review for this local institution? Well, I bought a cupcake from there today....It was delicious. It was Red Velvet. And it was only $1.99. After going to deluxe cupcake places in Boston, NYC, Hoboken, DC and doling out about 4 dollars a cupcake... it was mind blowing to walk into a bakery and eat a delicious Red Velvet cupcake for half the price. I can't ever looks at NYC Crumbs the same way again. Benkert's, you just won yourself a regular cupcake customer. And she couldn't be happier about this. Now if only you would stay open past 5.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,11/24/2012,233,454,2,5,2>first of all whoever made it possible for shake shack to be on long island thank you! second anyone whining should be quiet. now for the review I've been dying to go to shake shack since I heard about it. when I heard it was coming to long island I was ecstatic and only 5 minutes away from me! as soon as it opened and I found out (few days later) I dragged my fiance to go. yes the wait was like 10-15 minutes? but we were too busy looking at the menu, and the cute things they have for dogs to even notice. the fact they have things for dogs by the way just gives them more brownie points. we got it to go because there isn't a lot of seating I think when it's nicer out they should definitely set up some seating out there! anyway onto the food. omg the food. the best burger in my life. anyone who says this place is overrated are crazy. even the fries were delicious. even the shake! I have not one complaint except I know the wait will eventually be annoying but that has nothing to do with the food. of course there is a wait the food is amazing! seriously I cannot wait to go back and get another burger. I'm hoping this week I can convince the fiance to go again! might even get some doggie snacks to let them enjoy what will probably be very delicious to them. why did it take so long to get a shake shack over here? long island needs to step it up. best decision ever with the shake shack! and so happy it's not in the mall.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2012,11/23/2012,169,309,9,6,8>It's been two years since my last review. Time for a C21 reeeeeeemixxxxx! Happy Steph: - C21 makes me seem more fashionable than I normally am.-  It's like Marshall's but cleaner, way easier on the olfactory glands and has stock of significantly better quality. -  They always stock the basics (plain colored teas, plain dresses) and funky colors, patterns and designers at a third of the price. Sometimes they run insane sales where you can get almost everything at 1/3rd or 1/2 price. - I'm nowhere near a label whore but they have cute shirts and such from paul frank, swank 7 for all mankind jeans and random stuff from guess. - Sweet prices in the women's lingerie section.  - I can spend $150 and walk out with a GIANT bag full of nifty threads.- They finally upgraded the women's dressing room. No longer will I be pushed to the point of nausea by seeing some lady's cellulite ridden thunder thighs squeeeeeeeze into short-shorts behind a half closed curtain.Grumpy Steph:- At times, the check out/waiting room lines can be obscenely long. I'm talking about 25+ mins here. They don't seem to think, HEY it's 5:30pm and everyone is getting out of work. Why don't we put more than two little house-moms behind the register! - While they upgraded the dressing rooms (awesome), they also upgraded the security inside them. It's become a pain to wait for someone to go through all my clothes while entering AND exciting. What is this, the TSA? Will you be implementing full body scanners next, C21? Geez.- Some of the women's clothing is oddly fitting and just plain strange. While I'm learning to be less inept at being girly, I'm often stumped on how to wear certain things. - Most of the staff here speaks with thick accents so you'll need to listen carefully and sometimes even ask them to repeat. - Unfortunately a majority of the staff doesn't seem to want to be bothered with questions. The rest are cute little Indian men who complement me on random things. Protips:- The lines are "usually" shorter in the mens section and upstairs. - Careless college kids +  hormonal suburbanite moms in SUVs + FOBs = NIGHTMARE parking lot. It's crowded and crazy at times. Get some exercise and keep your sanity by parking far far away.- Avoid this place like the plague the last two weeks of December.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,11/22/2012,158,144,1,7,3>Now first off you walk in and you are thinking, really, this is the place with such amazing pizza? It is not fancy looking, it is your standard pizza place. The staff, not too friendly. But I always drive past this place and had to know if the pizza was really as good as they claim or because of all the awards they won. Next you look at the menu and there is not much to look at there, they serve only your standard pizza toppings, the bare minimum and also some heroes. No bells or whistles, no creative toppings, nothing exciting or different on the menu. This better be good pizza! Also you will notice, there is no pizza to look at under the glass. So I ordered a slice of meatball pizza. Now here is where I think the high marks come from....get this... the pizza crust was made with the sauce on it and nothing else. The guy then slices an entire large meatball and places the pieces atop a slice of the saucey crust and then generously places mozzarella cheese on top of that! Straight into the brick oven and voila you got some fresh-ass amazing pizza! The crust was thin, but not wimpy thin and crispy on the bottom yet soft on top. It has a crunch, but it wasn't hard to chew and then there was such a generous amount of cheese and meatball one slice held me over for lunch. The meatballs themselves were nicely balanced with flavor, a little salty, but not bad. It was good, better than the pizza even that I had growing up in Queens. Here is why they have such a boring unilateral menu- it is because they have taken pizza, just simple pizza and elevated it and perfected it. So I say you gotta try it at least once. I will be going back!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,11/21/2012,238,372,,4,2>The Idle Hour Ice Cream Parlor just recently opened and has now officially become my favorite ice cream place on the Island! Rosy the girl behind the counter was absolutely fantastic, had a million dollar smile and was extremely patient, friendly and gave you advice (if you asked) on certain combinations of toppings and ice cream of what worked and what doesn't. I can't believe I didn't know about this ice cream parlor...my colleague was the one who knew about it as he's a local to this part of the island. It is quite a trek for most of us who are west of Orient but well worth the drive I promise you.I had 2 scoops, 1 scoop of coconut and 1 scoop of ginger. The ginger ice cream is the single best flavor of ice cream I've ever had which is now tied for Grasshopper Pie from Mitchell's in San Fran. The Idle Hour's ice cream is extremely creamy though has the texture that you know you're not eating butter, it's perfectly soft and not "hard" for non-soft-serve ice cream and the walnuts were large and whole. The whip cream was fresh and fantastic...man was it phenomenal!The parlor is really small and quaint, 3 tables of (2) and a bar kinda' seating area on the right when you walk in. It's clearly very popular with the locals as there was quite a steady stream of folks and quite busy inside...you NEED to go!!! Especially if you're an ice cream aficionado! Grade: A+Food: 14Service: 13Ambience: 13THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,11/20/2012,33,96,,5,3>these guys are the best around. for one, they offer coupons on their website and second, they really want to help you. after mentioning a large scratch on my driver's-side door, one of the guys checked it out and buffed it for free! i coudn't believe it!  they're so great at what they do, all the dealerships on middle country road use them too. as the other reviewer said, they take their time. try going before 9 AM on weekdays if you can.  if you print a coupon from the website, your wash is about $10. such a deal!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,11/19/2012,96,146,5,4,4>I am so used to being ripped off by any automotive service.  I have two things going against me, I am a girl, and I am naive.  My usual scenario:Car Place: "You need six new tires Miss Stewart..."Me: "Oh, but the car only has four tires."Car Place: "Well we suspect that you need six just in case blah blaah blaaah!"Me: "Oh. OK then."I have been taken for more rides and never seen the country with the places I have brought my car to be looked at. K & K Auto and Tire is different.  They are honest, friendly, and in my experience, fairly priced.  I brought my Nissan in for the yearly inspection and was biting my nails to the quick, begging it would pass.  I dropped it off the night before so they could check it out the next day.  Bright and early the next day, I received a call. They were extremely nice, and explained my front brakes had about 3,000 miles left in them.  Here we go...But no!  They said my car would clearly pass even if I held off.  Really?  Wow.  OK I will wait.  Awesome.  They also suggested a tire rotation which I knew I needed.  I gladly obliged.  I was also missing two lug nuts on the tires which they replaced and with that, my Nissan passed its big test!I was really worried this time around.  I had such a gut feeling my car would fail. I felt very comfortable bringing my car to K & K, (mom's recommendation.)I will not waste any time bringing my car anyplace else.  They will see me in 3,000 miles.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/18/2012,62,240,3,8,4>I've never been disappointed.  Menu dinner items are generously portioned, flavorful and the choices are vast.  The pizza is the best in Syosset.  I ALWAYS send people here. They make a Sicilian pie - 10 slices - $15 what a bargain!  The crust is not as fat as other sicilians, but better.  They have a window case with all kinds of choices of pizza - try soemthign new - you'll be surprised!  The MEATBALL hero is a WIN.  My husband is very harsh on judging a restaurant.  He uses two criteria - meatballs and lasagna.  If they fail either, we rarely go back.  Lia's passed BOTH with flying colors.  The hero's are tremendous and they package then to go in a nice box... you get home and have a nice sandwich, not a mush mess to peel the paper or foil out of. Staff is friendly.  EAT-IN!  they have a nice, nothing fancy, CLEAN dining area. And there are always coupons.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,11/17/2012,62,198,6,10,5>Let's start with a couple of preemptive statements. First, I'm not a big fan of Anthony Scotto's other two restaurants, Blackstone and Rare650, and you can read my reviews on both, if you wish. Second, I have eaten steak all over the world, in some of the finest steakhouses, and I am very critical.No one is going to deny the beauty of this restaurant, inside and out. There's few modern restaurants out on Long Island that can compare. It is clear the designers were very detail oriented and designed a complete, purposeful, elegant, and classy space. That's a plus, because everybody wants to feel like they are getting something for their money in a place like this.I spent a couple hours with a friend at the bar before dinner. This experience in itself was excellent, the bartenders are friendly, and the crowd is hip and lively. I didn't feel like I was in a snobby place at all. It was actually very comfortable in the bar, even for the first 5 minutes when I was by myself waiting for my party, the bartender was engaging and I felt at home very quickly.When the rest of my party arrived, it was at the exact time of our reservation. Our table was ready, but they had no problem holding it for us as the rest of the party wanted to hang out at the bar for a few minutes. We were then seated promptly.The service is second to none, we did not have to wait at any time for anyone to help us, someone was always close by. And here's the kicker - no doubt is this a pricey establishment, but in the grand scheme of things and compared to other options on Long Island and NYC, it's really not that bad. The wine list is massive, and I selected a 2008 Clos Du Val Cab (one of the most beautiful vineyards in Napa) which is an excellent vintage of a great varietal, and it was something like $60. Everyone loved it, and seriously you can't enjoy a Cab like that at a price like that in too many other places. (By the way, the sommelier told me our bottle was the last of the 2008's, so now it's on to the 2009 for the duration, if this is true, then I'm sorry if I got you all hyped to try something that you can no longer try at this restaurant).The sushi is pricey. But holy Christ is it amazing. It is so amazing, and we were all gushing over how good it was, that my girlfriend, who hates fish and especially raw fish, well, she tried it and even agreed, it was ridiculously good.I split the porterhouse for two, medium rare, $92 (again, not cheap, but seriously there's few other places charging much less than $80 for one nowadays). This was one of the best steaks I have had in a very long time. I mean, it's up there with Lugar, king of steaks. Steak sauce is not necessary. It doesn't need anything.  But their house steak sauce is quite good, if you're wondering. I just polished off the last of the steak this morning, which I carefully reheat in tin foil in my toaster at 225 degrees for 15 mins. It warms the steak without cooking up the temp, bringing it back maybe closer to a medium. I had it with some scrambled eggs. It was still ridiculously good even a day later. That's a quality steak, one that can taste better than 90% of other steakhouses THE NEXT DAY!I barely paid attention to the sides since my steak was so good. The mashed potatoes were pretty good as I recall, we didn't really order many other sides but this is something I will definitely explore more upon my next visit. Dessert was excellent, we got the donuts - and one of the specials, a chocolate cake with coffee ice cream. Really quite good. French pressed coffee as well. Perfect cap off to the meal. We got a second bottle of something, I got a 2007 Rioja, it was good, not great, I gambled on an unknown bottle and I lost the battle. Oh well.Seriously, this place is worth the splurge. Well done, Mr. Scotto. Can wait to come back - KEEP IT UP!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,11/16/2012,136,226,1,11,2>Fast casual veg Chinese food that is fresh and tastes good!This place definitely somewhat fills the void that Green Melody left when it closed for a vegan/vegetarian option for pan-asian cuisine. Nothing will beat Green Melody for me though, thus far. Vege Favor is the first location of this new fast casual dining concept. It's not a sit down restaurant with waiters, it's more like say Panera. You put in your order and they call you when it's up. From what I understood, the owner plan to open more locations around the tri-state area. It's part counter service veg Chinese food and part self serve frozen yogurt. The price was amazing. It was $6.99 for 1 Entree, 1 Appetizer, 1 Soup or 12oz Drink, Salad, and Rice or Lomein. The veggies were actually very fresh and crisp. Everything was very flavorful and fresh, in fact. You can check my photos to see.There is a LOT of seating and it's very clean and modern in there. My only complaint is that you do have to ask quite a few questions if you're a vegan going in there. Know that all entrees are vegan except for Curry Chicken and Spicy Tofu. The soups are vegan except the Egg Drop which contains egg (their hot and sour is egg free!). If you ask the staff will let you know what's vegan and not, but I wish it was just on the menu. They also have a frozen yogurt bar (see photos), but it's not vegan. All dairy. They have a few parking spots in the back that are only for Vege Favor customers, otherwise you can find parking on the street.Great prices & tasty food = I'm going to come back here a lot.EDIT: I noticed after this review that the owners changed the signage in the place to show what is not vegan. Turns out the Curry Chicken and Spicy Tofu are vegan after all.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,11/15/2012,196,94,5,8,6>This was my first time attending the festival and I had the time of my life. Seriously, you wouldn't believe how many different beers were there! Easily over 200 hundred different varieties of craft beer and I'm pretty sure I sampled every single one. (The ride home I'm not so sure about?) Thank God for the DD tickets they have for non-drinkers! The bbq was pretty amazing as well; paired perfectly with the beer. People were very friendly and out to have a really good time, what a great crowd. We were lucky to have such a nice day too as the weather called for thunder storms. Whats better on a hot sunny day than ice cold beer?!?Will definitely coming back yearly to this event. I would have come last year too but they sold out fast ***Tip: get your tickets on-line as soon as they go on sale***. They do not over sell, so no tickets available at the door! Added perk: A LOT of swag and beer-related merchandise for sale. I picked up a sick growler in the shape of a gargolye for 35 bucks! Yesss!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,11/14/2012,63,191,,3,3>This was the best meal of the entire Montauk stay.  It's about a 2 mile drive north east of the Main St part of town, and totally worth it.Drink selection, first of all they had Belfast Lobster Ale.  Seriously may be the best beer to have fresh seafood with.  Just love it.Started with the lobster bisque and the baked oysters.  The bisque was a lot less creamy and was sans chunks of lobster, but was real real tasty.  The oysters were baked in their shells with panko and blue cheese.  Real good flavor on these, and have never seen them prepared that way.  Big fan.Mains we had the scallops over sweat potato and Swiss chard.  Scallops perfectly cooked, and was an interesting mix with the sweet potato.  Real nice.  Also we had the seafood baked platter which was 1/2 a lobster, scallops, shrimps, and mussels all in a nice buttery broth with 2 awesome pieces of Texas toast.  Simple, but easy to screw up.  This place however knocked it out of the park.  Everything was perfect.Dessert, one of the better Key Lime pies I have ever had outside of the south.  Real strong.But the star of the show was the view.  Just look at my pics.  You will see what I mean.This will be the place we return to every year we make the Montauk trip.  Make sure you go close to sunset.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,11/13/2012,341,504,3,14,4>Formerly Angelina's Fireshack, Jessie's is a revamped version of its predecessor. With a new owner and chef, we decided to give this local joint a whirl. I am certainly glad we did.We stopped in for lunch and were greeted by the very friendly chef and owner, Kai. He sat us down and gav us our menus. Being that I had been eating pretty poorly all wekk, I decide to go with a the Fort Lauderdale Salad. Tender chunks of seasoned chicken over a bed of greens with mandarin orange slices, served with a housemate orange vinaigrette. My wife had the Burrito Del Seoul (great pun) which was filled with Korean style beef, basmati rice, kimchi and cheddar cheese. This was a really unique and delicious spin on the original burrito. We were also given a complimentary serving of garlic knots, whose ginormous size was matched with equal flavor.The interior is very sleek and modern and there's even a small bar in the back (still waiting on their liquor license) The staff is super polite and very friendly. If you're in the New Hyde Park area, this place is certainly worth stopping by.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,11/12/2012,308,650,,5,2>Let me preface this by saying I haven't purchased a CD in at least 5 years.However I have been to Looney Tunes several times within the last 5 years a bunch. They always have signings and random shows for bands that just came out with a new album. When I DID buy CD's, this is where I would come because they always had what I was looking for. Their hardcore/punk selection is huge but they also have the regular chart toppers as well. The prices were never too bad....definitely better than those big chain stores. They also have a big vinyl section thats not organized the best.Buy local....don't buy from those big box stores.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,11/11/2012,12,16,11,7,3>Sacred My Hero! My childhood mecca! The chicken club is the best sandwich on Long Island.  Period.  Delicious chicken cutlet, homemade mayonnaise that defies explanation, the perfect amount of perfectly crisp bacon, fresh fixings - anyone who says this isn't the best sandwich around is either (1) a spiteful human being who owns a competing deli, and/or (2) someone whose opinion regarding food should be disregarded entirely.The champ, chicken parm, and the antipasto salad are also excellent.  Yes, if you go there during the lunch or dinner rush, you will wait.  But the wait is worth it and never in my life, having gone here for over 20 years, have I been disappointed in the quality of the food.  Throughout high school,  my friends and I came here every single week for lunch, without fail.  The faces have changed over the years, but the quality and charm of this little eat-in deli is top-notch.    My Hero is more than just a deli; it's where people from Merrick and Bellmore can come together and be as one.   My Hero will always hold a special place in my heart, and in my stomach! All hail My Hero! Hail!! Hail!!! Hail!!!!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,11/10/2012,35,24,,3,3>I take the train west into Manhattan every morning and kept passing this place, until one day I finally decided to wander in.. and SO glad I did. I'm not a giant coffee drinker, but I do enjoy the occasional cup with something sweet like chocolate or caramel. This place has it all - coffee, espresso, hot, cold, blended, made right in front of you by friendly staff and there's also a nice display of baked goods. They also have fruit smoothies as a non coffee option. It's a tiny, tiny place, right under the train tracks, with very limited seating, but don't let that deter you. Go wander in. It's a delicious hidden gem. I would DEFINITELY recommend! SUPPORT SMALL BUSINESS!!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,11/9/2012,24,194,,3,3>This is some legit pizza! We came on a Saturday night and grabbed a seat outside right away with no wait. Our table was super wobbly and the waitress said we could move to another table, but the manager came out and fixed it for us when he spied us wobbling it back and forth. The waitress was a bit on the slower side but she was really nice and friendly. Another waitress offered to clear our plates and asked if he we needed 2nd drinks. She also talked to us about the meatball special we had (more on that in a second)...I thought it was nice that another waitress would take the time to be so nice to a table that wasn't hers.Onto the food. The free bread that came with the meal was perfect. They were regular italian bread, pizza bread, and garlic knots. Yum. The meatball special was very good. It was three meatballs including a veal and lamb meatball in pesto sauce, a veal meatball with marinara sauce, and a chicken meatball in some kind of cream sauce. The pesto was just ok, but the other two were amazing. Oh and by the way, the meatballs and sauce were plated so it looked like the Italian flag! I thought that was cute.We got a half regular half meatball pie. You might ask why we would get meatball topping after we had gotten a meatball appetizer. Well, because meatballs are freaking awesome, that's why. Anyway It was excellent. The sauce is delicious and they are generous with cheese. The crust was perfectly cooked. The pizza was huge!! Definitely pay the extra cash for the large, it's worth it to have enough to take home.My one complaint (other than the waitress being a little absent) was the price of toppings...I didn't expect cheap, but why do toppings like meatballs and onion cost the same to put on a pizza? This is a pet peeve of mine because it just doesn't make sense, and it stopped me from getting garlic, which I really wanted. Sorry, but I can't justify paying the same for meatballs as vegetables. Definitely check out Blue Moon for pizza around here. Way better than paying 15 for your average LI pizza place.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,11/8/2012,58,74,2,3,3>Za is open until 4am every night and they deliver to the surrounding towns. Their entire menu is on the back of a snazzy lil business card. If you're at the bars in wantagh, stop in here for a slice.  Good music on when I was in there. Clean, inviting, friendly, oh and the pizza was pretty darn good. A little expensive, but it's quality and it's late night so I expect to pay a premium.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,11/7/2012,218,126,7,7,8>Some of the best Indian food I've had, besides my mom's own cooking of course. If I can't get Indian food at home, or my friends are craving some, New Chili & Curry is my first recommendation. It is in a prime location, in the middle of Syosset, Plainview & Hicksville. Street parking can almost always be found. If it's a Saturday, or Sunday, make reservations in advance. The place is VERY small, but try to look past its minimal seating, and concentrate on the food. It's wonderful cooking at it's best. It's a wonderful balance of flavors, and there are wonderful options for vegetarians and non-vegetarians. My favorite is to get a group of 4 or 6 to go and share a handful of dishes, and get a bunch of different dishes. I've eat here about half a dozen times, and the food is impeccable and almost always perfect. Service has been wonderful as well, no complaints noted. They refill your water glass like ninjas. I like ninjas.Got a craving for Indian food... try New Chili & Curry. Trust me.... I'm Indian.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,11/6/2012,21,110,2,2,3>Had a rough ride here last weekend... An hour wait for a table that was so close to others, that I felt I was almost in someone else's lap...I'll be honest, by the time we did get seated, I was frustrated and not in a good mood for enjoying my food.Thankfully though, the food at Vincent's was more than good enough to change my mood!Appetizer of fried ravioli was, by a mile, the BEST fried ravioli I have ever been served.  It was not greasy in the least, and the pillowy texture of the ravioli was still there.  Fluffy cheese oozed out when cut.For supper, we enjoyed and shared several dishes.  None were fully consumed.  Portion size was HUGE, and every bite was delightful.  I can't say enough about the sauce either, because it's the sauce that will make or break a traditional Italian "red sauce" restaurant.Flavours were bold, and reminded me of Sunday dinner at my Aunt's home 30 years ago!So brave the weekend crowds, wait for your tiny table, sit in someone's lap and enjoy!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,11/5/2012,30,85,,1,1>Arrived about 6:30p on a COLD Friday night for dinner with a gal pal.  My first time in the village of Huntington.  Very cute area. Lots of shops, cafes, and restaurants.  As a result parking is a little tough even though they have municipal lots and street parking (although snow blocked most of the street parking).There was no wait, although it was a little early for the dinner rush.  The place was packed when we left at 8:30p.They feature a hot and cold tapas bar menu.  The empanadas (beef and chicken) were good and so was the grilled sausage trio (beef, pork, and chicken).  Red Sangria was good.  Good portion entrees. Friendly staff, and live tango dancing started around 8pm.All in all I did not have any complaints and I would return which is why I gave it 4 stars.  Not excellent enough for the 5th star but 3 seemed too little.  I would recommend as a good date spot as they have a good list of Argentinean wines and candle-lit atmosphere.  Pricey if you get apps and wine and dessert...of course....but I thought most the entrees were fairly priced around $20-$25 each considering they were mostly steaks and seafood in large portions.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/4/2012,140,162,1,3,3>I can't stress how awesome this place is. I have been coming here for years and years. They always have uber cool events, and great indie/artsy flicks. Some of the movies that I have seen here are The Artist (which was absolutely phenomenal, by the way) and Tetro (don't really remember how that was, I believe it was O.K.), to name a few. But what you really want to come here for are the truly unique festivals and events that they have. The short film festival is not to me missed, it's a lot of fun and I believe they hold it once a year. You get to see short films from all over the world. Pretty cool, and something you won't find at your typical theatre. Another awesome festival I caught some years back was a Japanese horror short film festival. Amazing. Rocky Horror (Complete with people yelling out at the screen every two seconds, if you're a theatre person you'd understand. But even for me it was a bit much because it was literally throughout the entire movie). Saw Wizard of Oz to Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon. This was something I had ALWAYS wanted to do, and when Cinema Arts offered it, I had to go. It's eerie how well the music matches with the movie. I kinda want to do this again, and throw a Oz party. Anyone want in?More recently, saw the documentary "All in This Tea" which was enjoyable. Me and my boo are tea lovers (which has been mentioned in other reviews) and it was cool to see this. There was also a Skype session following the movie with David Hoffman (who resides in California) who picked tea with Tibetan monks (which you observe in the documentary). Sweet. And there were tea and treats following the question/answer portion to make it extra sweet. If you subscribe to deals like Living Social, Groupon, ect. Amazon Local recently offered two movie tickets and two meals with drinks for $20. A steal! And it's good for a full year, totally looking forward to using it. Skip the Regal and Lowe's, get in touch with your indie self and support this local theatre. You will NOT be disappointed.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2012,11/3/2012,383,272,2,2,2>Can't beat 80+ draft beers on tap although the menu was particularly uninspired. So-called "irish nachos" are really french fries with mozzarella and a smattering of bacon, no sour cream. meatball sliders are decent. sweet potato fries have a brown gravy...not such a hit. Food took longer than expected to arrive although the dining room wasn't full. Go for the beer, stay for the beer, eat the food so you can drink more beer.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,11/2/2012,62,89,5,5,5>The minute you walk into this place, you are introduced to a Willy Wonka's chocolate factory of sandwiches! There are so many to choose from that you just want to skip along and grab chunks of all of the different sandwiches and jam them in your food hole much like Augustus Gloop and his chocolate; although if you did this, you would probably choke to death but it's OK because you're already in heaven... sandwich heaven that is.The owner is really nice and will talk to you about the menu and give you recommendations if you're overwhelmed with choice. I got the Rio Grande Chicken sandwich and it was pretty scrumptious; the guacamole was a nice touch. I had also ordered the buffalo chicken strips and the garlic Parmesan fries which were great. Everything tasted really fresh and the owner explained that they make everything there.The only gripe I had with my experience was that my girlfriend had asked for tap water and they charged me for it on the bill. That's pretty stupid. That was the only thing holding them back from getting a 5.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,11/1/2012,35,234,,1,1>fantastic italian food at this levittown institution...from pizza to pastas, chicken seafood & more if you want it chances are they've got it, and will serve it up in huge portions at pretty reasonable prices...minus one star for a somewhat dysfunctional kitchen - large groups beware: there's a good chance not everyone will get their entrees at the same time...but i will say this, if you run into a situation don't be afraid to open your mouth, management is wonderful about making up for any inconsistencies in the service
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,10/31/2012,23,101,3,5,3>After my best friend and his family recommended this restaurant for excellent Chinese food, I knew I had to try it and needless to say, I was not disappointed. After I craved Chinese food, I decided to try Hunan Dynasty for a delivery order. When I call, I always find the woman over the phone to be very friendly and happy to answer questions about various menu items, which comes in handy with my food allergies. Like I mentioned earlier, I do delivery most of the time, which is free and takes 45-60 minutes on average, which is a little long, but worth the wait and the drivers are always friendly. Regardless of the dish you order, you will not go wrong. If you crave a beef dish, I like the Beef and Broccoli, which may seem a bit pedestrian, but the beef is tender and the broccoli is crisp and never overcooked, unlike some other Chinese places. For chicken dishes, I like the Hunan Chicken, which is pleasantly spicy with juicy chicken, sweet carrots, crisp peas, crunchy peppers, and well cooked broccoli. If you like seafood, my favorite dish is the Hunan Shrimp, which are perfectly cooked and sweet in a spicy sauce with assorted vegetables not unlike the Hunan Chicken. All of these dishes come with your choice of brown or white rice as well, so you will not go hungry. A combo dish I happen to like is the Four Seasons in Foil, which is a combination of juicy chicken, tender jumbo shrimp, and sweet lobster in a sweet and spicy sauce alongside assorted vegetables. Normally, there are also scallops in this dish, but I substituted extra Shrimp for Scallops as I am allergic to scallops. To accompany my dishes, I like the Miso Soup, which is pleasantly salty with ample amounts of seaweed and tofu. In addition to the delicious food, the prices are very reasonable, with most dishes pricing in the $10-$15 range on average. Plus, if you order takeout, they add a 20% discount, saving you even more money. While I have not dined in at the Hunan Dynasty, from what I saw, the atmosphere is pleasant with plush booths. All in all, Hunan Dynasty is a solid bet for Chinese in Central Nassau and I am happy to order from there whenever I crave Chinese food.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,10/30/2012,100,6,2,3,2>I stopped by Joe's Burger Shack for the 1st time last week.  I'm a little ashamed to not have done so sooner, especially since I've lived in the area for almost 6 years now.  That said, I arrived towards the end of the night.  On their board, I noticed a food challenge known as the "Topper" (eat 4 burger patties in 1 burger, get on their Wall of Fame).  And I like food challenges, so I thought "Why not?"  So I ordered the Topper.  I got into a good conversation with the cook there & he asked what I'd like to see offered.  Without thinking I said, "Uh, 5 burger patties!"  His response: "Oh we've got that!  That's called the Stopper!"  I hesitated at first but decided, "Why the hell not?"  As someone who just ran a marathon recently, this was gonna be one awesome reward.  The look of the place: it has a very retro, 50s feel to it as Dawn mentioned in her review, with stools & a counter.  The charm of the people working here is awesome - great friendly people.  I could see a place like this getting crowded during the summer.That said, the "Stopper" - WHOA.  This was gigantic - 5 burger patties, with a slice of cheese over each one!  At that point, I didn't realize what I just got myself into but I went for it.  The juices were exploding into my mouth with each bite!  Each sirloin burger patty was so well cooked & delicious that it made completing the challenge THAT much easier (and a little sad because I was eating so quickly).  No credit cards - cash only, but that doesn't detract from the place.  I will have no problem returning to this place to try out their fries, their Italian burger, their crispy chicken sandwich & hopefully if they took my suggestion - a portabella mushroom burger!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,10/29/2012,382,325,3,5,3>Alright so the past, I don't know, 3 months or so I've been on what we like to call "a bender".  Its time to detox and get myself together.First step?  Cleanse the mindSecond step? Cleanse the bodyYou can do both at a yoga studio.  Thanks to my good friend, GROUPON my fellow Yelper Jennifer B. and I decided to stretch ourselves back into shape, starting at Yoga Palms.  This place opened up about a month and a half ago sandwiched between a deli and a dog grooming place by the imfamous Shines and Laundr-mat on Beech and California.Driving and parking in the West End of Long Beach essentially reminds me why I moved OUT of the west end - its annoying.  I was thinking since we were taking an early class, it wouldn't be bad...but I was wrong, and should have ridden my bike.  Luckily, my car is tiny so I can squeeze it in obnoxiously small spaces.  For most other people - Location = CON.  Unless you live on the west end, or ride your bike (better yet, DECO bike it!)The studio itself used to be a clothing boutique; and the space is limited.  The front area is small - but all you really need to do is sign a waiver saying you're not going to sue them if you die from heat exposure in a hot yoga class, so its not really a big deal.  The actual studio, where you do yoga, I was diggin.  Its not very big - there were about 8 students and the instructor in the class.  I would venture to say that we could have fit about 3 more people in there before it started getting awkward, but everything was clean, smelt nice and they had supplemental equipment (blocks, blankets) if you needed the support/aide, so Studio= PROMy friend and I clearly did not pay attention to the CLASS we signed up for, just the time; because it was an advanced level vinyasa flow and we weren't properly prepared.  The instructor, however, recognized that we weren't sure of all the moves and couldn't actually DO all the moves (I do not care if you're standing behind me with a queen sized mattress, this blonde girl is NOT standing on her head).  He accomodated by showing us variations that we could do, helping us correct our poses, and keeping the mood light, Instructor = PROthey have a first free class special, and if you're a new student you can sign up for 20 days of unlimited classes for 20 dollars.  While yoga practice can tend to be on the expensive side, they give you the opportunity to decide if you like the exercise and want to do more.  They also have a few different types of classes, from Foundations to Hatha, to Restorative to Open Level and Advanced level Vinyasa and prenatal.Guess who's going back Thursday?  This girl.  One more month and I'll be hand walking all over the place, yo.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,10/28/2012,72,204,5,16,6>After a week of visiting interesting and famous restaurants in NYC starting with Daniel, Blue Smoke, Green Square, Hill Country, and few others, I thought about the Roots on LI again and decided to make return visit to see how the place was doing. I placed the date with my friend for the prelude to the opening of the Labor Day weekend and then opened the Open Table application to confirm our intentions.Upon our entrance to the venue, I noted the addition of acoustic guitarists playing in the first room as we were escorted in our dressed up manner to our table. Seated among the other diners just inside the second room on the left, we were quickly served water and an offer for something from the bar. Noting the great improvement of a whole bottle list, we took our time to remember the exceptional Pinot Noir and Zinfindel glasses we had fun with previously and ordered the Zinfindel and dinner at the same time.The wine service was well done shortly before the arrival of the cheese plate, of which I chose randomly from each category. The Zin was very generous in its body as it was slightly over powering of the cheese selections, but we liked it very much as I made mental note to find it in my local stores.Dinner arrived soon after the cheese plate was vaporized by us on the sweet toast and the home made rolls. I made my selection from what my friend had the last time, which was a LI duck breast (quack), while she had the interesting ham selection (oink).I marveled at the texture of the sweet and foamy sauce the duck was graced with in the square plate and made a passing comment to the waitress about Ferran Adria being in the kitchen (noted chef who experiments with foods). Yes, it was smallish portion, but French styled food is clearly meant to celebrate and satisfy, rather than be super- sized or something from a big box store. I found this out personally while dining in the treasured dining room of La Tour Rose in the old city of Lyon, France at few years ago. While others seemed to be eating, I had a coffee mug sized container on my plate, but I failed to look inside the mysteriously dark sauce it was covered with. The waiters noted my visible distress at not being served and suggested that I empty the contents of the cup onto my plate. Out came the richest cubes of beef and vegetables I have ever tasted and I could barely finish the meal. I then knew what the portions were about in this style of food,In the moments after the meal, the waiter and his assistant showed up with two hot slates with fantastic sliced scallops in thinly sliced tomatoes and other vegetables.We didn't order them, but they were meant for us as they were gifts from the kitchen....I suppose my previous comments about Ferran Adria must have hit a home run as two black robed characters were suddenly at my table in the forms of the owner and the chef. They came to see how we were enjoying dinner and probably to see who knew about the famous chef of El Bulli in Europe. As we talked about the food, it became readily apparent we had some interests in common under their relatively new roof. After short visit, they bid us farewell and returned to the kitchen to work their magic on others' plates.When the desert topic surfaced and we just emptied the last of the Zinfindel, we plowed into the Caramel Lover's selection and the Apple-Rhubarb crumble with delight.Closing the night with my motion for the check, we noted it had been an exceptional evening that had improved upon the previously fun visit. The food was executed exceptionally well and so was the generous service from our ever smiling waitress to whom we passed generous notes of Jackson and Lincoln.Looking back to yesterday, Roots Bistro Gourmand probably still has a few little things to work out here and there to further polish their act. To me, it works exceptionally well right now and appears it will be a star on the horizon of Long Island's culinary future.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/27/2012,642,123,,4,2>This place looks like SOHO on the East End of Long Island. Owners hit the bullseye with this amazing renovation of a run down Best Western where I attended all of my real estate classes for the past 7 years. Cool. Chic. Hip. Stone. Glass. Outdoor fireplace that rocks at night. I can go on and on, this place is the soup, the nuts, and the croutons ! Rooms are really nice,resturaunt has great food, and the new owners have made syre every detail is polished to perfection. Place this on your "Must Go To" list.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,10/26/2012,8,106,,4,2>The food is really good and made with local ingredients, which I love. We ordered a cheese plate as an appetizer--havarti, manchego, and a soft cheese--which came with crackers and bread. The whole table thoroughly enjoyed it. For lunch, I got a grilled chicken sandwich with tomato, fresh mozzarella, and basil and it was delicious. I would definitely order it again. It comes with a bag of chips, but the cheese and sandwich were filling enough that I didn't need it.Bruce's has a very nice atmosphere--it's on Main Street so you have plenty to look at if you eat outside--and excellent food. The inside is a long narrow restaurant and it seemed nice in there too. If we stayed longer in Greenport, I'd want to go back a second time. It's worth visiting. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner. For those with kids, they only have one high chair so you might want to bring your stroller as backup (we had 2 babies in our group of 7 so I was glad I had mine). Also, there's no changing table in the bathroom. Not a big deal, but good to know!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,10/25/2012,273,306,3,3,3>This place is my heaven. I'm not even kidding. There are so many things to love about this place. 1. You can get a full meal without having to do a stitch yourself, and it isn't insanely expensive. I mean you're definitely getting what you pay for, but I consider it appropriate. Want a huge Caesar salad with chicken for your family of 4? It will only cost you $10.99. Have you ever ordered salad with a pizza from a takeout place and get the sad little tin container setting you back $6.99? I feel sorry for you.2. Freshest ingredients ever. I'm a regular customer who appreciates their delicious sushi options. They also have a deli, cheese section with so many options, and don't even get me started on their meat and fish counters. It is all amazing.3. Gelato. Need I say more?4. Staff is lovely and place is immaculate.The only 2 negatives are that the parking lot sucks and it's always busy. But c'mon now, I understand why they're so busy, so I'll let this one slide.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,10/24/2012,31,60,4,4,2>I came running in here before a comedy show short on time. I hadn't been to Munday's since I was a kid. How could I forget about it until now!? The food has always been delicious. The place its self is small, but they make the best out of the space and I love the atmosphere inside.As for the food...DELICIOUS. I had a rare patty melt. My meat was barely dead but amazing like a fine steak. My company had a grilled cheese with thick-cut ham and bacon on it....also to die for. Mid eating, I ordered a "chocolate-y chocolate chocolate milkshake" to split. It was chocolate heaven in a glass. There were ice cream chunks to fish out....some of the best chocolate ice cream I've ever tasted...and the waitress split it into two glasses without me having to ask (which I love! though....I probably could have stolen more if it were in one cup...my company didn't inhale their food like i did mine). It was thick and delicious and fun to eat. I spent most of the night dreaming of it and when I can have it again next.I plan to go back again. Soon. You should too. And if you don't get a milkshake, you are a darn fool.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/23/2012,46,88,2,5,2>When I go to a Thai restaurant, I use the Pad Thai as my measuring stick to compare restaurants. Similarly, when I go to a Kosher deli, I order one thing: the pastrami on rye. Bar none, the pastrami I had at Kensington was the best I've ever had. It was delightfully moist but not greasy as I've had it at other places. And while in other places you taste more salt and seasoning than meat, here the meat isn't as salty, which really lets the delicious taste of the cured meat come through. It's better than Ben's and definitely holds its own against Katz's and 2nd Avenue. I also noshed on the brisket. The meat was delicious, sweet and tender with grilled onions, natural gravy, and horseradish sauce. The sandwich I had was a little drier than I would have liked, but it was still among the better briskets I've had.Completing the hat trick, I also helped myself to their hot dogs. If you're used to mushy Oscar Mayer weiners, you're in for a treat here. As all good hot dogs should, these "snap" when you bite into them, treating your mouth to plump, juicy hot dog goodness. And because they're kosher, you know they're free of preservatives and all the other mishegas you find in other dogs. The restaurant itself is tiny, basically just an aisle with a deli counter on one side and tables on the other. I actually see this as a plus; a lot of Jewish delis have become giant tourist traps that eventually raise their prices and lower their quality. At Kensington Deli, it still feels like a cozy neighborhood gem.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,10/22/2012,186,337,1,7,2>I absolutely love this place.  I've read some other reviews and I've never experienced what they have when dining at Besito.  *Shrugs*First of all -  The decor is out of this world great.  It really gives you a sense of being in a resort in Mexico while you're on vacation.  You can tell whomever decorated put a lot of thought and time into what they were doing.Staff - Incredibly attentive and they even noticed that my table was wobbling, without my saying so, and had it fixed for me so quickly.  I feel this is a sign of great customer service.  Food - Table-side Guacamole is a MUST.  Absolutely delicious.  I can't get enough.  Their special that I had, a grouper in a red sauce with olives, was a five star dish.  So good!!  You can tell by the way the food tastes that they use very fresh ingredients when making their food.  Enjoy!!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/21/2012,135,216,5,7,4>Got take out here a few times and was impressed with the quality. Finally came to dine in with my brother who is my sushi partner. We both agreed that we *love* this place.The ambiance makes the food taste better. I appreciate the attention to decor here. Has an industrial feel almost. The staff informed me that a lot of the decor was imported from different countries.The sushi and sashimi is beautiful. Every bite makes love to your taste buds. Yes the cuts are bigger than usual - whatever. Every bite was distinctly fresh. Everything was well worth the price. I feel slightly spoiled by the quality of food here. Their Ginza special sashimi/sushi platter included king salmon, toro, uni, kumamoto oyster, baby yellowtail, gahh it was amazing. Totally worth the $50.They have a cocktail made with Lychee that is SO GOOD. All of the special rolls are good, Massapequa roll and 2012 roll are must trys.Service is very good. The only let down was the fact that this is supposed to be a Japanese place and when I ordered green tea they served lipton green tea. Seriously? Spend all that money on top notch fish and decor and you can't get some authentic Japanese green tea? PLEASE! Change that ASAP.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/20/2012,234,238,,5,5>My wife went to see Andy for a quote on the vehicle. The front side bumper had come off. Andy said that this bumper did not need to be replaced. He also said that this front bumper already had previous damage to it, because of the marking behind it. He said all he needed was a bracket to put it back in place. It ended up costing us $25. Andy also said that if we wanted a new bumper he would replace it. He checked with Nissan for the bumper and it was somewhere in the mid 200 for the parts and with labor it would cost us around 500. Another collision place wanted 750 and said the parts cost 450. I am very happy to see that Andy is a very honest person. I will come back to him because it is hard to find honest car people. I hope this helps out others in this local area to find a honest auto collision specialist.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,10/19/2012,37,154,5,6,6>I have to say I am very lucky to have the most amazing friends. For my birthday this past January, they surprised me and arranged a special package for my husband and I to stay overnight here which included an amenity with a bottle of wine and a $100 gift certificate to be used towards dinner at the Rein restaurant in the hotel (to be reviewed shortly).From the moment we walked in to when we left, we were treated like royalty. The lobby is absolutely beautiful. It was like being at a hotel in Beverly Hills (not that I've actually been to one, but I did see Pretty Woman). The service was AAA+ and check in was pleasant and fast. We walked into our room and it was even nicer than I expected. There was a King Size bed, a big 37" HD Flat Screen TV and a huge bathroom. Hanging in the closet were two robes made of the softest material, complimentary to be used during your stay at the hotel. The only complaint my husband had about the room was that our bathroom had a stall shower and no soap dish. Go figure!Our amenity came shortly afterwards on a rolling table complete with a white table cloth. It was so first class!! There was an assortment of different cheeses, crackers and grapes served on a platter along with a bottle of chilled red wine. The only problem was, was that my husband cannot eat cheese so he called the front desk to explain and asked if it was possible to have another type of amenity sent to our room. Not even 15 minutes passed and there was another knock on our door. The new amenity was amazing. It was a DESSERT amenity with miniature chocolates, pastries, chocolate covered strawberries, little cookies and a bottle of chilled white wine. We couldn't stop eating all these delicacies, totally forgetting we had dinner reservations in a few hours.While I decided to try to sleep off my food coma, my husband went for a swim. This bed was so incredibly comfortable that I fell asleep within minutes. OK, fast forward to after dinner, we decided to take our own little tour of the hotel. A beauty salon, fitness center, indoor heated pool, gift shop, spa treatments ..... this hotel offers it all. There is also dog walking and child care services available. The only negative I can think of is that there is no entertainment within the hotel. In the 1990's, Club G was one of the hottest spots to go to on Long Island until it sadly closed it's doors and reopended as POSH. Unfortunately, the hotel decided to close POSH as well about 3 years ago due to bad publicity. The lounge is now used for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Showers, Sweet Sixteens, etc. All in all, my birthday weekend was perfect and the staff made sure we were completely satisfied at all times. It was a birthday I will never forget and I couldn't thank my friends enough. I will definitely be back!!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,10/18/2012,126,237,,8,3>Surely this must be heaven!Where to start?  The rooms?  The spa?  The hair salon?  The beach? The bridal suite? The amazing staff that helped put together the wedding of my dreams?  You fall in love with Gurney's as soon as you pull into the parking lot!  It sits atop a dramatic cliff overlooking the ocean and as you dip into the parking lot you get a peak at the natural beauty surrounding the resort.The valet attendants are wonderfully professional and helpful.  The Concierge is cheery and welcoming.  Any staff member will stop what they are doing to help you (for example, I was walking through the restaurant to get to the bridal suite, surely going the wrong way, and a gentleman helped carry my dress and led the way).The spa was simply amazing.  I didn't get any services, but used it to relax and prepare myself for an exciting day.  The roman baths, sauna, quiet room and showers were all I needed to get me loosened up.The salon!  Jenny took care of hair for the 4 women in my family and bridal party and she did an amazing job!  She was so sweet and professional!  I will surely ask for her again!  My hair looked absolutely amazing all night - despite the foggy evening threatening to frizz my curls!The bridal suite - so comfy and home-like and so much more.  The fridge was stocked with juice, soda, and water.  We ordered breakfast via room service and took full advantage of the comfy furniture to relax, plan and then get dolled up!Then there's Ginny - the onsite wedding coordinator who made the entire event work!  She was so wonderful to work with from the moment we decided that this was the ideal location, to planning, emails, friendly phone calls and keeping us on schedule - she really pulled it all together.  No wonder she won an award for being the Best Hotel Employee in all of New York!The entire wedding was so perfect.  The ceremony looked so amazing - more than I could have envisioned.  The cocktail hour featured DELICIOUS food!  We added sushi and steak to the stations and both were so worth it.  The reception on the Lido Deck worked out so beautifully!  I loved the romantic vibe overlooking the ocean from up above.  Ginny took care of the DJ, timing, and organization.  I didn't have to think about a thing.  And the cake!  I merely showed them a picture of one I liked and a masterful baker recreated it!  So moist & delicious too!  Their on-site florist worked magic on my tropical flowers and created bouquets, displays and leis just for me!  They even wheeled in palm trees to give my occasion the tropical theme I desired!Finally, our honeymoon suite - which is really like any other oceanfront suite they have, only ours had a great bottle of champagne waiting for us!  A king size bed so comfortable I didn't want to leave it!  And a view I couldn't wait to wake up to!Oh Gurney's Inn...I could go on and on and on, but all I know is I will be back as often as I possibly can!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,10/17/2012,237,506,1,6,5>It only took me a year to finally get my butt in here yesterday while shopping on Rockaway Ave. with an old friend from high school and our kids.  She kept telling me about what they've done to the old Slipped Disc, which, by the way, used to be my old stomping grounds back in the 90's when I was a little punk.  As I walked through the door, I got goosebumps.  It was very emotional for me!  The new owners have done such a fantastic job transforming this old record store into a beautiful coffee shop all whilst paying homage to the late, great Slipped Disc.  They sell old Slipped Disc t-shirts and have lots of 90's rock paraphernalia and trinkets from the previously mentioned store like their old receipt pads, the old bulletin board, etc.  Anyone who grew up in the 90's in Valley Stream and knew what good music was will very much appreciate this place.Okay, enough of my nostalgic ramblings .... onto the coffee.  I'm boring.  I only ordered a black drip coffee, but my friend ordered this awesome cake batter milk shake type thing that was delicious and our kids devoured.  My coffee was pretty good.  I am eager to try more dessert items and plan on coming here regularly.  The staff was as friendly of a bunch as you could get.  The vibe is quiet and relaxing with great music, probably what Starbucks was TRYING to achieve before it became on par with McDonalds.  I can't wait to bring more of my old friends here for a blast from the past.  And to enjoy a delicious cup of joe while reminiscing about the havoc we used to wreak back in the day.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2012,10/16/2012,698,2009,9,5,7>Burgers and related stuff.I've been passing this place for a while and the craving for a burger has been gnawing at me for a few days so I figure, what the hell, let me try it.The place is a little bigger than it looks at first glance and there are seats left, right and in a back room.  The line forms to the right and you basically pick either pre-made burgers or select your burger type and build it a la carte with whatever you want.  Some toppings are free, some are extra $.There are soft drinks and shakes to wash it down.  You pay, get your table number card thing, find a spot to plop yo ass down and they will track you down and bring your order to you.I grabbed the back room because it was empty and I hate people(1) and was happy to enjoy the quiet for a few minutes.  There is a nice big handwashing station there so that you do not have to go into the restrooms- a nice touch since most of what you order is eaten with your grubby paws, but alas, the thing just mocked me with no particular indication of just how to get the water to run (2) - so I'm just happy I didn't squirt the soap on first... just saying.The burger delivery dude arrived a few minutes later with my order and I got down to the business of setting up the meal.  First up: rock solid salt that I had to whack on the table a few times to loosen some crystals... surely they haven't heard about the ole grains of rice in the salt trick here.  The ketchup bottle on the table was the squeezie kind, but now, after squirting ketchup and salting my fries, I  felt the need to wash my hands... so now I'm stuck with the waterless sink or the sink in the crapper.(3)   So, I figure the probability of some rogue Staphylococcus being on the bottle was minimally acceptable - so I just ate the stuff...The burger:  actually better than I had at Jakes Wayback, but not charcoal broiled.  I really am craving a charcoal broiled burger from some odd reason and this place did not deliver.  It just seemed like they would have them what with being an American Roadside place and all.  Tres disappointed.  The toppings were all fresh and looked nice - right color and texture.The fries were good but on the thin side - but I will admit cooked perfectly.  I went with a fountain soda and all in all a solid 3-star meal.Worth a shot if you are in the area.Parking in front and side.1) Not really *hate* just dislike a LOT.2) I looked like a schmuck standing there waving my arms thinking there was a sensor or something...3) I avoid public restrooms at all costs.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,10/15/2012,16,210,1,13,3>Passed by this place a few times while they were remodeling after taking over the building from where Cafe symposio was located.Was really excited to pass by today and see the banners starting to be hung up announcing the grand opening.Was pleasantly suprised when I stopped in and found out even while the banners weren't done being hung up, the resturant was open for business.The place has a really nice decore and the staff was warm and inviting.The owners were present in the mix and opening day jitters and excitement was in the air. I was seated quickly and noticed a number of other people who had to stop in also and try this place out.I ordered the "Costela de Vaca" a grilled prime rib.It was perfectly cooked to order. The flavor was amazing. The steak had a well seasoned flavor crust that didn't over power the beef.  The staff checked twice to make sure I was happy with how it was cooked. I ordered it rare, and they wanted to make sure it was done to my liking. It was spot on. The sides were ok, but the steak was huge, so besides a bit of picking they pretty much got the skip.Enjoyed a couple of glass of Sagres beer with meal. It's a Portuguese beer that was excellent. I'd reccomend trying it.Great food. Had a great time . I think people will enjoy the experience as much as I did.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/14/2012,65,130,2,4,3>I visited Kenji the first week he opened and i was not disappointed.The sushi i had was clean, fresh, and very very tasty.  Kenji is a great sushi chef and told me a little about his past, working at a hotel kitchen, and the process of making sushi.  He made me feel right at home in his small establishment.  One day i decided to try one of his special rolls.  Sure Kenji can can make you your California rolls, Alaska rolls, and Boston rolls, but what really differentiates sushi places are their special rolls.  I had then, and what is to this day my favorite sushi roll, his Freedom Roll.  This delight is crab salad and banana tempura inside an inside out roll with shrimp and avocado on top.  What an absolute pleasure to eat this little piece of heaven.  If you go treat yourself to the Freedom Roll.Since his opening i was sad as every time i returned it seemed like the sushi slowly deteriorated in quality.  I did not return for about a year.  I'm reviewing kenji now though since i went back just two days ago.  I am happy to report that the quality has returned to Kenji Sushi and that i plan on returning again very soon.It should be noted that the place is extremely small.  You'll find 3 to 4 chairs at the sushi bar, 2 tables for 2, and zero bathrooms.  They can afford to keep their prices low, by comparison, because of their small size.Enjoy =)
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,10/13/2012,38,62,3,4,5>A brand new restaurant in Valley Stream!  It just opened at the site of the old New Hunan Taste Chinese restaurant, and they haven't even had that sign taken down yet.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly as soon as we walked in, and we decided to sit at the Sushi Bar.   One of the chefs immediately made up a small delicious complimentary seafood salad for us before we even made our orders.  My daughter and I opted to both go with the Maki lunch special which includes Miso soup, salad with Ginger Dressing and a choice of 2 regular rolls,  We both went with an Eel Roll, with her getting a Tuna roll and I chose the Yellowtail roll. In addition we also ordered a Golden Spider roll from the list of specialty rolls.   Our soups and salad were brought to us and we ate those while we watched the chef prepare our rolls,The Miso soup was hot and delicious with some pieces of soft silky tofu, and shredded seaweed, and it also had some Enoki mushrooms, which I have never seen in Miso soup before, These were a delightful addition!  The Ginger dressing and salad was delicate yet very tasty!When our sushi arrived, it was beautifully presented and very fresh in appearance and aroma.  The rolls themselves were excellently prepared, tightly rolled and in no danger of falling apart as they do in some lesser restaurants.  The fish was very fresh and delicious!  The Golden Spider roll had a very generous amount of softshell crab, and very fresh avocado.As for the prices, they are doing what I've seen as a fairly new trend in some restaurants, in that they offer half price for all Sushi bar items if you pay cash, which we did, so the bill was very affordable!Overall a great experience, and one I'm sure I'll be repeating often, and this is right around the corner from me!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,10/12/2012,12,75,,4,3>I went to a funeral down the block & heard that there was a really great restaurant down the block. So after we paid our respects, we took a little stroll. It was a sunday night so the place was relatively empty. We sat down and were greeted by our waiter who proved to be absolutely fantastic.Lets talk about the food.The soup that was ordered was the long island clam chowder. I am not a clam fan so i didn't have any, but i heard it was outstanding.We ordered 4 different plates:- creamed corn (wouldn't have thought bacon and corn would go that well together)- savory bread pudding (was like thanksgiving on a plate...except with chicken)- roasted duck leg (the meat was so tender and delicious...fell right off the bone)- seared scallop (it was done after three bites and i was sad it was gone.)the only hiccup that occurred was our dessert. we ordered the Vanilla Custard. There was something about it that we just didn't like. Our waiter was genuinely concerned about the one dish during our stay that we didn't eat the plate clean. That made what would have been a 4 star review a 5 star review.Also the highlight of the evening was the bill. Our soup and four dishes cost us $35 before tip(our waiter removed the dessert). This was a steal for what we ate. Looking at the menu, the alcoholic beverages are probably really what brings in the money for the place. Being that we didn't have any, our bill was clearly low. However, while the prices are high for booze, you are getting 20+ oz almost every order...which is clearly enough to share if you'd like to.Overall our experience was fantastic. The food was stellar and the one time we weren't entirely pleased, it was made right. It is a little far off from where I live, but that will not stop us from bringing friends sometime in the future.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,10/10/2012,101,204,3,3,2>Don't miss this gem!! Thanks to a yelp byob newsletter I found this amazing place that I have passed by numerous times. Greeted by incredibly sweet and courteous staff that made us feel like we were on vacation visiting an old friend. Attentive and knowledgeable staff with good teamwork leaves you wanting nothing in terms of service.  Okay, So the food; wowza! Delicious crab cakes that are a mix between really crabby and a blend of seasonings which led to a perfect consistency. Stuffed artichokes were the perfect flavor profile of salty an sweet. We stuck to the seasonal (special) menu and we were so impressed. Cajun cod was fantastic, filet encrusted with cranberries was accompanied by a garlic mashed to die for. The winner was the rock shrimp angel Hair pasta. The pasta melted in your mouth and the basil and light sauce were the perfect accompany.  Desert was hard to even think of because we were so stuffed, but so glad we shared the creme Brule cheesecake. A TEN! Can't wait to go back and enjoy again.Don't miss this gem!! Thanks to a yelp byob newsletter I found this amazing place that I have passed by numerous times. Greeted by incredibly sweet and courteous staff that made us feel like we were on vacation visiting an old friend. Attentive and knowledgeable staff with good teamwork leaves you wanting nothing in terms of service.  Okay, So the food; wowza! Delicious crab cakes that are a mix between really crabby and a blend of seasonings which led to a perfect consistency. Stuffed artichokes were the perfect flavor profile of salty an sweet. We stuck to the seasonal (special) menu and we were so impressed. Cajun cod was fantastic, filet encrusted with cranberries was accompanied by a garlic mashed to die for. The winner was the rock shrimp angel Hair pasta. The pasta melted in your mouth and the basil and light sauce were the perfect accompany.  Desert was hard to even think of because we were so stuffed, but so glad we shared the creme Brule cheesecake. A TEN! Can't wait to go back and enjoy again.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,10/9/2012,54,273,9,7,6>This being my second time eating here with the previous being on a Saturday night I made reservations through Yelp. 7 Pm on a Sunday I was doubtful of the need but hey it is 3 clicks of the mouse. So as we pull in to the paring lot we don't see many cars and the place looks dark. My date (wife) asks "Do you think it is open?"  which in married talk means "You didn't call?"  "You did this on line?" "My Mother was right about you!"  As we exit the car to check we spot 2 people sitting at a table near a window. Whew! temporary reprieve. We were seated by the window and first sup rise Dave Brubeck "Take Five" playing. loud enough to enjoy low enough not to be intrusive. Well okay the name of the place is West/East so does that mean the next tune is played with zithers, harps and sitars? Nope they stay with the Brubeck vibe very nice.Food? Good mix of West and East From Osso Buco to Pad Thai a choice for everyone. Must haves .. Satay Sampler, Boneless Short Ribs, and Tom Yung Goong soup. By 7:30 the place is crowded and the tunes disappear under the noise of the crowd. Doesn't matter, mellow tunes, mellow food, wife in a mellow mood.  Take that Mom in Law.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/8/2012,28,178,2,2,2>Fairway is basically the only place I can purchase raw Wild salmon. Fish rant begins ************What's wrong with 'farm-raised' fish, you ask? Alright, maybe you didn't ask, but in case you didn't know already, a quick Google search will answer most questions and a little more digging will uncover more ugly truth, but here's the Cliff Notes version:*Less nutritious*Artificial dyes like canthaxanthin to trick our evolutionary ability to recognize the fact that it's inferior/diseased food*Higher PCB and other contaminant levels*Communicable bacterial diseases *Antibiotic resistance*Surprisingly more harmful to environmentAt least the FDA currently mandates labeling. In fish markets, you'll see a little paper flag poking out of the ice or glued to the glass but sometimes labels can be incorrect, barely legible or knocked down or even completely missing.************** Fish rant endsFairway Market has the best selection dry goods. Rows and rows of coffees, cheeses, condiments, soaps, pretty much everything. They have some tasty precooked foods too. The fresh produce is sometimes lacking (withered greens) but it's still better than the average market. The staff, if you can find any, are friendly and do their best to help.  It's like walking into the Home Depot for food sans salespeople pushing you to sign up for anything. This place is huge. Commit to spending some time there especially on crowded weekends.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,10/7/2012,72,100,5,7,4>If you're looking for a fake, cheap $1 burger, this isn't the place for you.  Seriously. Go home... or to a fast food joint.  The burgers here have more meat and more flavors than a value meal could offer.  On the other hand, don't expect this to be a world class gourmet joint.  It's somewhere in a happy little home between the two.  If you were to compare burgers to landscapes, It's the suburbia of burger joints, blending city chic without the city expensive prices. This is a place that lets you call the shots- want a regular cheese burger? You pick the cheese, you can ask for the speciality sauce on the side, you can ask for no tomatoes, whatever.  You want a speciality burger? You can customize it within reason too (You wish for no salsa on the Mexican burger? No problem).  Of the times I've ventured here, staff has always been polite, and the place is always clean.  The staff wipes down tables immediately after patrons leave.Yeah, you may pay more than a fast food burger spot, but it's worth it!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,10/6/2012,180,465,4,6,5>It's been a great year for Long Beach, as far as the new local businesses coming to town are concerned, and Edens Harvest is a part of this trend and just the icing on the cake.It's small, but there are a ton of specialty items to choose from, from Chefs Sauce, to truffle oil, teriyaki beef jerky, pickled vegetables, almond butters- I won't bore you with a grocery list, but I will tell you that it is a chef's cabinet, inside, with a natural vibe.  A far cry from the cavalcade of overly-processed edible-garbage that besmirches the aisles of the supermarket chains that have cemented their place in our culture as the "new-normal."Oh and it's reasonably priced. :)The owner is awesome and very accessible, and if they don't have something you want, let him know, because he is open to suggestions.  I live paleo and he's going to try and get some more paleo-friendly items on the shelves, because others have expressed interest as well.And lastly, let's talk about the coffee.  It's great and less expensive than Starbucks.  While eating outdoors at the neighboring Speakeasy, you can watch people leave with multiple cups of coffee because everyone knows its awesome.  For iced coffee lovers like myself, the ice cubes are made from coffee, too, so you need not worry about sucking down a caffeinated brain freeze before your iced coffee becomes robbed of its flavor from the water added once the ice-cubes melt.There's a comfortable seating area in the back to chill with your coffee or baked goods or granola or whatever without having to leave the West End.  Eden's Harvest is awesome.  It seems part of a growing trend of new LB businesses that want to be a part of the community and not just capitalize off of the fact that none of us want to move our cars.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,10/5/2012,86,137,3,2,2>Wraps, sandwiches, salads. They're generally pretty much indistinguishable from one place to another, whether they hail from a "bistro," a "cafe," or a "deli"... unless you get one from Garden City Bistro. Never have I ever had a craving for a wrap from a specific place, until I came here.It's the unbeatable combination of fresh ingredients and strong flavors, coupled with great service and enormous portions. Every single combination I've ever tried is fantastic, and you can also ask for a customized order. Even something as generic as the classic caesar chicken salad wrap is outrageously good and really blows your low expectations out of the water when you get one here.Personally, I have no problem with the prices on the menu. The servings often last me a meal and a half (one actual meal, and then an in-between meal that comes about when I can't resist the calling of the second half of the wrap/sandwich), and the food is delicious enough that I don't mind paying a premium.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,10/4/2012,285,275,4,11,6>Where do I begin?  First off, Torigo is my absolute favorite restaurant in Floral Park.  I eat there quite often, whether it's for lunch or dinner.  And I frequent this place because the sushi is fresh and delicious, the service is great, and a lot of the other patrons, especially at lunchtime, are Japanese (always a good sign for Japanese restaurant!!).In general, I am a purist when it comes to my food, especially sushi.  I don't believe in fancy and funky rolls; if the fish is that good, it needs to be the star.  This is what you'll find at Torigo.  While they do have a few interesting specialty rolls, I usually stick to the sashimi and the more traditional rolls.  If you're looking for something a little bit more exotic than your standard yellowtail and tuna, definitely ask the sushi chef if they have any special fish available that day.  Lunch is only served Monday through Friday, from 12-2:30PM.  They have a separate menu, which has some great lunch specials.  What stands out the most are their noodle soups.  I'm obsessed with the kitsune soba noodle soup (or it can be made with udon as well).  Torigo can get very busy, so plan accordingly.  It seems that they don't take reservations unless it's for a larger party (~6) and the restaurant itself is small, but if you do have to wait, please know that it's absolutely worth it!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,10/3/2012,198,160,2,5,4>Calling all LI who enjoys eating Chinese food...if you love eating Chinese food than you shall come to Yao's to eat legit real Chinese food.  From being born and raise in California and being Asian myself, I know what the real deal when it comes to eating Vietnamese/Chinese food and Yao's is the place to go.  I have been to a few Chinese REstaurant around here and I can say, I wasn't too please about it.  Because of John (another yelp member who is elite) mentioned to me about this place, I just had to go here to try it out and I am glad I did. The only thing I would change about this place is the SIGN. I minus a star because the SIGN is horrible. REASON WHY? well because The sign is huge, but it is in Chinese....but....at the bottom right of the sign in a very small print it says Yao's. REALLLY....REALLY!? Long Island is not filled with Chinese People so they should have Yao's in a big font and have the Chinese words in a smaller font.  It makes more sense don't you agree? Reason, I brought this up, is because the first time I wanted to try this place out...I was driving back and forth on Middle Country Road looking for the damn place and couldn't find it. That made me very grumpy hahaAnywhoo,If you're down to try new things and not afraid to try new things than you should try there sauteed intestine.  This is what I usually say to people..."how do you know if the food is gross if you never tried it before to actually say it taste gross?" It may sound disgusting but hey don't judge the book by it's cover. =]Also, the spicy fried chicken #1 is a good choice to choose from the menu...it was very delicious.I also had: Spicy Shrimp Lo Mein, Veggie Dish (potatoes, bell peppers, onions and eggplant). and it came with free jasmine tea.I would definitely come back to place to enjoy some real Chinese Food. I am eyeing their hot pot dish.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/2/2012,18,101,,8,4>Pros: - Constantly changing menu that never disappoints- Top notch food- Amazing Pappardelle Bolognese, one of the best Ive ever had- BYOA- Menu setup is very nice allowing you to order two entrees and a dessert for a fixed price, served in smaller portions.Cons:None.. If you cant deal with the fact that this place is small, go elsewhere and leave us the extra space! Ive never walked away from this place disappointed. One of the best Italian joints on this side of the island.Dont forget to bring cash, credit is not accepted.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,10/1/2012,11,98,6,2,5>Five Guys... you guys are greasy.  Greasy, runny, gooey, (did I say greasy) but oh so delicious.  A haven for carnivores and a den of inequity for the vegans and vegetarians.  You have a wall with toppings so you let us have it our way like a certain chain that won't be discussed except you deliver the goods.  Mushrooms, bbq sauce, grilled onions, cheese and bacon really hit the spot on your two double beef patty burgers. And the fries.... the endless bag of fries that leaves a pool of grease at the bottom that looks as if it's a body of water (or grease).  With a styrofoam cup filled to the brim with your warm and flavorful fries, and even more of them that litter the bottom of the brown paper bag.  Your presentation is simple but you know that you don't need any fancy gimmicks or crazy containers.... you're above that.  You provide just enough seats for your customers despite the fact that you're always full of people.  Fast service but you are above the level of quality of the fast food giants with prices that are almost exactly identical.  A greasy, messy, sloppy meal that will make a health food enthusiast cringe in fear; Five Guys, you've nailed it.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,9/30/2012,371,182,3,5,3>We were just passing through Oyster Bay and in the mood for a deli sandwich. Decided to give Verelli's a shot. Wow, this place was great. The deli department is very unassuming and hidden in the back of the market. It worth finding.The deli person was friendly and whipped up some amazing sandwiches. I had a ham and Swiss hero with lettuce and tomato ($5.99). The ham was stacked high with a very generous portion. Much appreciated by me! My wife had the same on a roll ($4.49) again with a generous portion.  The bread was fresh too. Will definitely stop by here again the next time we're in Oyster Bay. Check it out for yourself if you are in the neighborhood. Recommended by me.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,9/29/2012,13,31,,1,1>I have been coming to Salvatore's for years. The reason being, this is the best pizza on Long Island. Excellent coal fired pies with a wide variety of toppings on par with many of the better offerings in the city. The shrimp pie with red sauce and meatballs with spicy cherry peppers are two of my favorites. Salads are fresh and well made and the pasta selections are also very good. The baked clams when on the menu are also excellent. The only critique I really have is that their specials menu rarely changes. In my opinion, incorporating some seasonal pizza combinations / some extra pasta dishes would be a great idea. Overall Salvatore's features well made delicious Coal Oven pies that keep me coming back when I want excellent pizza on the island.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,9/28/2012,9,107,,5,3>Saturday night finds me at Casa Luis with friends who are dining there for the first time. They are wowed. Garlic soup and chorizo sausage to start. The soup is extremely flavorful  -  better than it was on my last few visits and the sausage is crisp and good. Seafood in green sauce was good and the seafood in ajillo sauce was even better. Add great Spanish fried potatoes, terrific rice and vegetables and you end up with a really good dinner. I tried to say that my dessert, peach melba, was not for sharing, but no one believed me.Not as crowded as I remember but Casa Luis is still the best Spanish restaurant around.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,9/27/2012,1,12,3,7,4>You can't not love an 80s themed bar that has light brights as tables - unless you hate light brights or the 80s. In which case, you would find this place tacky. But, I do not find it tacky, I find it delightful. The atmosphere is casual but classy - the Nest, despite its name is not a dive nor does it strive to be. The bartenders are upbeat and attentive no matter how large the crowd. More importantly, their drinks stay consistent no matter how busy the bar gets. I know one pet peeve of mine is when you order the same drink twice in a row and the first time, you aren't sure they put alcohol in it and the next, you are certain you will get a dwi if you breath near it - that doesn't happen at the Nest. Order your drink from Leora, and you will finally realize how your favorite cocktail is supposed to taste.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,9/26/2012,161,498,5,9,8>I haven't tried many of The Beach Bakery's wonderful looking pastries, cakes, or cookies, because every time I stop in I can't resist the pies!So many varieties & they're all so good! The Peach Raspberry Crumb Pie was featured as Alex Guarnaschelli's choice on Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Crunchy" -- and I can vouch for her pick!They don't sell by the slice, so you're committed to the whole thing. (Although, I don't know if this is a really good thing or a really bad thing.) They bake throughout the day, so if you want a still warm and bubbling pie, ask which ones are about to come out of the oven-- the staff is young, but friendly and eager to assist.There is also plenty of seating inside and outside which makes it hard to resist consuming all goods on the premises!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,9/25/2012,116,147,3,5,5>Thanks for the fabulous birthday party, Quetzalcoatl!I did a crazy thing and planned a birthday party at a restaurant I'd never been to before. I work right down the street and wanted to have it at a place I could walk to easily from there. Based on recommendation alone, I picked Quetzalcoatl and I was 100% happy that I did!I made my reservation for a tentative 14 people a week ahead of time (but on the day of my party, when 20 people showed up, nobody batted an eyelash. THANK YOU!) The staff was so so soooo accommodating and friendly when we arrived bearing a bag of balloons. They gave us an almost-private area against the windows in the back upstairs and let us tie the balloons to the chairs like it wasn't even a completely ridiculous thing to do. The food was good (although, I can't say it's the best I've ever had, it certainly wasn't anything to complain about) but the sangria was DELICIOUS and dangerously non-alcoholic tasting...which is exactly what I want on my birthday!Also, when I asked our waitress to take a group photo, she arranged us all and directed everyone around the table so the shot came out great. Everyone was just so incredibly nice the entire time we were there. I had a wonderful birthday. THANK YOU!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,9/24/2012,113,382,2,3,3>greetings and thanks for taking a moment to read one of my reviewsthis is my 100th review!!! wooowhooooI do love Yelp and all the good meals it has helped me withso for my 100this Kado, I have been coming here since it openedJapanese food was the first international food I had ever eaten Syosset is my home townback when I was a kid not so many folks were eating raw fish, there was a sushi place in Syosset which is since become a NEW sushi place Arata anywayenough of my storyKado is a sushi lovers dream, friendly service lots of interesting rolls with cute namesmy favorite being a passion rolland they have soba soup simple filling and goodalways fresh tasting I have been here many times and will go back many times
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,9/23/2012,5000,690,5,13,8>Franceso's is becoming the Scotto Brothers of Bakery!  They are in Bethpage, Farmingdale, a Plainview fruit stand location, and have began running the well known Erga bakery from what I am told!I like the fresh flavor, Italian butter cookies, Italian pasteries, and also Italian cheesecake is good! They also had an outstanding walnut danish cake but that was last year... the cookies I can vouch for as recent as today ; )This is a reliable place for flavorful cookies to bring on holidays or for yourself anytime.There are always enough people in all of the locations to help. They seem to be serious about being a bakery...
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,9/22/2012,280,325,7,6,7>"This penny is to wish on and make your dreams come trueThis penny is to dream on, Dream of all you can do..."Overflowing with whimsy and charm, this precious little  ice cream shoppe serves wonderful frozen treats in the most darling setting. A sweet touching poem about five pennies are written in gold letters on the walls, a crystal chandelier hangs from the ceiling, and glossy lacquered cream colored tables with the insignia of the shop printed on top are dotted across the tile floors.A lot of care and thought was at hand in the making of this place. The owner succeeded in creating a wholesome adorable ice cream parlor that welcomes families and children of all ages from age 1 to 99.  While the attractive setting reminiscent of days passed is a pleasant one, the allure of this place is certainly their gloriously wonderful frozen indulgences.All sorts of creamy cold desserts can be found here. There are custards, a great selection of ice cream, as well as frozen yogurt. The variety of flavors are plentiful and the innovative mastermind behind it all constantly churns out different flavors.They had a scrumptious apple caramel flavor but recently I was blown away by their dulce de leche frozen yogurt. The dulce de leche frozen yogurt had a luscious caramel savor and the thickness and creaminess of its less nutritious counterpart. The dulce de leche was part of a hot brownie sundae complete with whip cream, a cherry, and the topping of our choice (hot fudge). It was a fantastic indulging rich incredibly delicious treat all for $5.25.They are offer many different desserts. From your standard scoops, sundaes, and banana splits to Waffle in the Moo (ice cream covered with homemade thin waffles available only on Sunday), the Cyclone (ices and Coney Island custard), and the Kitchen Sink (a monstrous bowl filled with scoops of all the available flavors in house). Here are the prices for scoops of these scrumptious ice cream:Little D $2.751 Scoop $3.25 (More like 2 and a half scoop, enough to share btw 2 people)2 Scoops $4.503 Scoops $5.25For a little taste of heaven, there's nothing like Five Pennies Creamery.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,9/21/2012,301,223,2,4,4>One awesome part of living in Long Island so far is the ubiquity of Ralph's Famous Ice. I have 3 locations nearby, two of which are on the way to work. And with working nights and having a very weird eating schedule, admittedly I've had creme ice at 6pm when I would technically be supposed to have breakfast, one of the benefits of working at night. So I have found myself stopping by, probably 3-4 times a week and have become well-versed in the flavors. I prefer the creme ices. I feel less guilty with the lower calories than ice cream and my lactard digestive system is happier.This Staten Island titan boasts, "So  many flavors, so little time."  Words that have never rang so true...However, these are the flavors that I firmly believe you should MAKE time for. Creme Ices:1. (Holy) Spumoni! ...!.....! (pauses for dramatic effect between bites savoring the delicious flavors packed into each bite). 2. Mint chocolate chip --  I don't even life mint chocolate chip but accidentally ate my friend's cup and have been coming back for this flavor over and over again. Really delicious.3. Pistachio -- With legit chunks of pistachio not just neon green food coloring. 4. Cookie dough  --- The ice cream version is yummy, don't get me wrong. But the cream ice version is yummy and you can eat more of it with less guilt. Water Ices: The least amount of calories so you could have two if needed.Any of the fruit flavors are solid. But I prefer:1. Cantaloupe -- Tastes like a bite out of a fresh fruit. Except even more refreshing since it's ice cold and this heat wave isn't getting any cooler.2. Watermelon -- Good go-to. You really can't go wrong.But really, don't take my word for it. Go in and try it yourself, repeat.  If not this location, any other one within a few miles of each other.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,9/20/2012,30,65,2,2,2>OOOh, this is why I love yelp, because it leads me to discover places like this. How would I have ever walked into this lone wolf restaurant in Farmingville without all the yelp reviews. And now, I can't imagine not having access to all that fresh off the grill chicken goodness. The regular half/whole chicken off the grill is pretty good. But ask for spicy, and you get that extra boost of flavor. The rice that usually comes with is pretty bland - white rice with peas. So asking for yellow rice & beans is a much better option. They give you the chicken all cut up into bite-able pieces, so it's a lot easier to eat that if you had to hack through a grocery store bought rotisserie chicken. I wasn't crazy about the tacos. The pork tacos were bland, with just some greens and lime as seasoning. It could have used some salsa. Wouldn't really recommend the bread either. It didn't taste fresh, and nothing special about it. The highlight of this place is definitely the chicken - stick with that and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,9/19/2012,169,309,6,8,8>Being true to it's name, it's indeed a taste of Portugal. Keep in mind, it's not a Churrascaria like you know. Nope, not at all. Plenty of meat here, especially pork... just not an endless supply for your larger than life yelpy stomachs. The interior is comforting with dark wood, raw iron fixtures and floral print seats. The carpet could probably use replacing as it's clearly duct taped in some spots. As for the food, T.O.P sports a menu with a fair variety and plenty of half size dishes, for when you're not exceptionally hungry. -Shrimp in green sauce: Perfectly* cooked shrimp in a buttery smooth herb sauce. Plenty of parsley and cilantro. Light, but filling, especially with the fluffy rice side dish. -Home made potato chips: Oh, hello. In my mouth you go, all of you ! nomnomnom. They're more like kettle chips, surprisingly good with ketchup and quite filling to boot ! -Flank steak with mushrooms: Didn't touch it myself, but was told that it was excellent. It looked more juicy than a Floridian orange on a warm day, yet a little stringy. The sauteed mushrooms that came with it were plump and delicious. Peach Melba: Tall dessert glass loaded with ice cream, raspberry syrup, strawberries and  the occasional peach. Satisfying for dessert but not sure if I'd get it again. The flan looked much more appetizing. Side dishes were big enough to feed a small Ethiopian family. White Sangria: $11 for half a pitcher of something that's more or less fruit salad with alcohol? Done and done my friend. It was tasty however I don't believe the fruit soaked in it long enough. I really wanted to try more but I did not go with the most adventurous of dining partners. ** Many of the dishes had a unusual "Portuguese style" flairs to it like fried eggs on top of dishes and multiple types of meats stuffed in another. Intriguing. Service was extremely kind, patient and accommodating. Taste of Portugal was surprisingly empty so that waitstaff ratio to tables was rather high. They all kept checking up on us, somewhat oblivious to one another. The little waitress with the curly hair and cute accent makes me smile. Prices are extremely fair considering the portion size. In the words marked by the famous Austrian body builder turned actor turned governator.. I'll be back!! ---------------* Most restaurants overcook shrimp and make it chewy, yuck!** Who wants to go again with moi and try sardines, grilled squid and liver with me? Anyone? ..Bueller? Bueller?
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,9/18/2012,388,116,3,6,9>You WILL wait over 45 minutes to get sat here.That's being said. WAIT!The wait is 100% worth this trip back to a nostalgic breakfast.  ALL of your food is fresh and delicious. Big portions.  I split the cinnamon raison French toast which was clearly made on premise THICK bread. AMAZING flavor and tons of raisins. Perfection.  And we split a sausage, apple and cheddar omelet.  Yes, sausage, apple and cheddar. We saw this combination on the menu and just had to try it. We were NOT disappointed. It was so hard to choose from all the breakfast on the menu and the daily specials. I WILL be back. Next time I'll just eat a LITTLE sometime to get me through the wait.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,9/17/2012,76,188,,3,2>Bigelow's is definitely a decadent treat, but what a treat it is. This is as close to fried seafood perfection as you are going to find on Long Island.You walk in to a small restaurant with a wrap around counter as the only seating.  We were here mid-afternoon on a Saturday and had no wait (I can't figure out why not). One of the biggest surprises was the atmosphere. For a small local place, everyone was extremely friendly. The staff didn't rush us even though it took us a while to look over the menu and we quickly struck up a conversation with the diners next to us.We shared a fried Ipswich clam platter and a fried oyster platter. Both were excellent. While I usually like fried oysters better and as good as Bigelow's were, the fried clams were absolutely amazing!  Both were just lightly battered and fried to fully cooked but stopped before they had a chance to dry out at all.  This place knows how to fry seafood.  Also make sure you try the cole slaw, its a real treat.  We have to come back here on a colder day and try the terrific looking soups.We will definitely be back to Bigelow's!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,9/16/2012,12,108,2,7,3>I am skeptical of restaurants on the water or with a view in general, as many feel they don't have to have great food.  The View has a great view and a selection of dockside, bar side or indoor air conditioned dining.  It has a very diverse menu including steaks, seafood, sushi.  I had a seared tuna entree that was served on a caponata with a side of a unique salad made of bread cubes, and diced vegetables including tomato, sun-dried tomato, cucumber and red onion.  Also at our table were crab cakes, a seafood dish (similar to a frutti de mare but named something else) and a spider roll (made with fried soft shell crabs, avocado and other stuff).  I had one piece of the spider roll and I'd go back just for that.  It may have been the best sushi roll I've ever tasted!We ate indoors but next time it will be outdoors.  It really is a great view of the opening of the Carmens river into the Great South Bay.  Plenty of boats and kayaks going by.Our server was very nice and attentive and they apologized as they were short staffed (Memorial Day).  Things did take a while to come out but when they did, we were happy.Prices were reasonable for a combo of very good food and an excellent location, so give it a go!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,9/15/2012,238,372,4,5,2>I haven't been to Tellers in years and I'm not quite sure why. Fellow Yelper Doug. G has been after me for a long time to go and I finally did. It was for a business lunch meeting and it's still one of the nicest looking restaurants in all of Long Island and in fact, is probably the nicest from the inside; it is unlike any other. Most of you know by now that it used to be an old bank and the name "Tellers" is named after the bank "tellers" that would help you execute your financial transactions. I've been to Tellers several times, many years ago and from what I've heard, they've changed management a few times though I'm not sure of the specifics. Anyhow, let's get down to foods:Food:+ & - Porterhouse For 2. ~$85. We ordered this medium-rare and it was slightly more than "medium" so we were a bit disappointed with the temperature however the steak was absolutely fantastic!!! If we weren't at a client lunch with some executives, I probably would've sent it back...in fact, our client actually was the one who pointed out that it looks "a bit more than medium, didn't we order medium-rare?" I agree and we moved on to devour our cow.+ Forest Mushrooms. ~$10. This is a must order for your steak, that's IF you like fungus and fungus related products. The mushrooms were quite a medley and were firm, succulent and done well. Nice job guys!+ Crab Cake Sandwich. $?. I don't remember the price as my account manager had ordered this - he said it was "good" and although it wasn't the worst he's had, it wasn't the best either. Though he mostly finished his dish so...:)Bar:+ The Gold Bar has always been one of my favorite bars on Long Island due to maintaining their classy and upscale feel. It's always clean and they keep an abundant wine list on hand both by the glass and in the bottle. And what's even more amazing, is that my favorite waitress Regina from my now defunct favorite steakhouse of Long Island, Sagamore in Woodbury, is now a bartender at Tellers!! She is absolutely FANTASTIC and is my favorite waitress of any restaurant on LI and  has been for years. I highly recommend you go and ask for her at the bar and make sure she makes some amazing drinks for you! She's an amazing person!Fermented Grape Juice:+ Vine Cliff 2007 Cabernet Sauvignon, Napa. This was a very fairly priced bottle of wine for around $60 and it paired fantastically well with our steak. We REALLY enjoyed this - ask for a decanter, have it decanted and enjoy it folks!!So, I will definitely be returning to Tellers sometime soon and if they can get my steak perfectly done next time, I'll up them to 5 Yelps! It's a beautiful restaurant as I mentioned and the service is fantastic...we were there for lunch. GO there and eat cow.THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,9/14/2012,37,26,6,7,6>I'm extremely surprised I haven't reviewed this yet.  This is one of my ALL TIME FAVORITE restaurants on the island.  I love Waterzooi.  The ONLY issue I have with it, is their website... which sucks... but the place is incredible.So we can start with the drink list... Umm amazing - I personally don't like Beer but my boyfriend loves it and the list is extensive... I really enjoy their Mojitos, the fig mojito is DELICIOUS.  Whenever I go with anyone to Waterzooi, we do a pot of mussels and appetizers (unless it's the Monday through Thursday when they have an AMAZING 3 course deal and we all get our own pots).I have definitely tried EVERY appetizer on the menu and they are ALL amazing... Lobster Mac and Cheese is a MUST try, the sliders are great, lobster croquettes, cheese platter is good, escargot as well, and salads are great too.. yummmm... definitely want to go out there SOON and get the lobster mac and cheese..Now for the mussel pots... UM Homard is my favorite... make sure to ask for extra bread to soak up the delicious, creamy sauce.  Provençal and Oreganato are two other favorites.  The Bouillabaisse and Fra diavlo are good choices too.... but go for the Homard... Seriously....I've had bites of entrees and they were all great too....tender, juicy steak.... But I would still just go for the appetizers (ahhem lobster mac and cheese ahhem) and a Homard pot... Oh and the fries are addictive...Oh and dessert... how could I of all people forget (maybe it's because my mouth was watering over the Homard pot and Mac and Cheese). Creme brulee is great, belgian waffles... oh my so good... with strawberries and candied pecans..... ummm... yea please? Oh and Pumpkin Spiked Coffee.... I don't care that it's seasonal-- give it to me ALL YEAR LONG... warms the heart...Life is good at Waterzooi!!!!!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,9/13/2012,140,197,2,5,2>SmashBurger has opened its doors for the public on the North Shores of Long Island....From the entrance on Port Washington Blvd, the gourmet burger palace doesn't look as big, but once inside, the place has a lot of space to offer its customers.  As it just has opened its doors, the place is packed with customers trying their great menu.  The staff is friendly and offer a copy of the menu as you wait in line, so that by the time your turn comes, one isn't overwhelmed with the varieties and combinations that one can play with, when it comes designing a custom burger.  The burgers come in two sizes, regular and large and can be customized in countless ways with sauces, toppings, bun types, etc.  Besides the burgers, options on the menu include chicken sandwiches , black bean burger option for vegetarians, chicken strips (kids menu), hot dogs.  Sides include an assortment of fries, sweet potato fries, beef chili, salads.  Overall, the experience was nice as the food is prepared fresh and cooked to near perfection.  The Spicy Baja Burger was amazing and really stood out as it was flavored just right and the spiciness wasn't overwhelming, which I wouldn't have minded either.  I liked the fresh jalapeños as it gave a crunchiness to the burger. The buffalo chicken sandwich was ok as Frank's red hot was a bit too much, hence empowering the chicken's taste.   The salty caramel shake was refreshing with the hot weather. In the end, a good experience and look forward to returning back and trying some more items...
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,9/12/2012,96,146,9,11,7>Three for $5 Entenmann's goodies?  This can get dangerous!  I usually come in here with my mom and we pick out three of our favorites.  The selection can get limited on the weekends, Sunday usually has slim pickings.  The store carries chips and other snacks also at discounted prices.  My mom usually gets some of the Thomas' products they offer like English Muffins and the Sandwich Rounds.  They are always less expensive and just as fresh as what you get at the supermarket.  This store is well maintained, it is always clean, and the staff is helpful and friendly. I wouldn't even look at purchasing an Entenmann's cake anywhere else.  You pay $5 bucks for ONE cake at the supermarket!   There is plenty of parking in the Phillip's Plaza lot.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,9/11/2012,42,127,,11,2>I came here with a Groupon for a Keratin treatment and what a pleasant surprise! Here's a quick breakdown:Pros:1. While most places stick you with junior level people when you use any kind of coupon or deal, I had the owner's wife for my appointment here.2. I've been doing Keratin treatments since 2008 and this was one of the best I've had in a long, long time.3. The salon is gorgeous and the staff is so friendly.4. The prices are the same as other salons so, to me, it makes sense to just go here.5. Maria (the owner's wife) convinced me to let her cut/fix my hair. I was so nervous about this since it's been years since I've had someone new cut my hair but she knew what she was doing and she fixed me right up. Cons:1. No credit card for anything under $250 so go with cash if you're not doing much.2. I had a $5 tax on my Groupon (which is fine) and a $60 cut (which is also fine) but the receptionist charged me $75. I unfortunately didn't realize until I was at home but now it's going to annoy me that due to some mistake or lack of explanation on her part, I feel like I lost $10.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,9/10/2012,136,226,2,3,3>Fresh and tasty stuff and willing to work with vegans! Very modern and clean inside. Makes me feel like I'm consuming the sushi of the future! Their food is very fresh tasting and not heavy and oily. They also do very nice presentations. Last time I was here I got Mango Tofu which was actually a little bit disappointing. It was definitely good, but the honeydew balls they put on the plate for presentation kind of clashed with the dish and I would have appreciated if they had cooked the mangoes. They were raw and definitely fresh but they ended up competing with the tofu instead of working with it. The cucumber avocado roll I got was perfect, though.I'll definitely be back and work my way through veganizing some of the dishes on the menu until I find my favorite one.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,9/9/2012,62,198,8,5,3>I'm not a fan of Gosman's, but the only way I'll eat there is by eating at Topside. The view is absolutely stellar. Whether you face north and look out over Block Island Sound, or face East and look across the Inlet to Inlet Seafood, or sit and face south, and take in the view of Lake Montauk, it's all good!Decent service and typical prices (slightly on the high side) but nothing astronomical when compared to the rest of the region. The swordfish sandwich is excellent, the burgers are good. I try to eat at least one meal here each time I visit Montauk. Oh yeah, and there's a huge sign that says "No Children Allowed". This is the most awesome thing about it. I wish every non-fast food, non-Chucky Cheese in the world didn't allow children, as I can't stand eating around them. Sorry if I've offended the parents out there reading this, but most of you are terrible at parenting. Not that I could do any better, which is why I don't have children.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,9/8/2012,196,94,5,13,7>Well it's about friggin time this place opened back up. It wasn't long after the South Side Fish and Clam joint opened up a few years ago that it closed down. Two years later I am psyched to say that South Side has reopened its doors this time d/b/a Main Catch. I went here for dinner the second night after the reopening and what a great experience I had. First off, this is no longer a "place your order at the counter and seat yourself." This is now a full service restaurant that serves up steaks and the freshest seafood around - including specialty sushi rolls of the freshest and highest grade sushi I've ever had! What does remain from the former South Side is the fresh fish seafood counter for take out. So the food scores an easy 5 stars.  To start we split the Fire Island Roll $15 (spicy yellowfish, spicy tuna, sweet potato crunches - see pic). This sushi roll blew us away! Seriously BETTER than any Japanese sushi restaurant I've been to on LI - and I've been to them all. I know a bold statement, not exaggerating, please try for yourself and see what I mean. For main entrée I ordered shrimp scampi served over linguini. Wow! The shrimp were colossal and had the perfect balance of garlic and oil...superb! (see pic). My dining partner had the swordfish in a beurre blanc sauce served over grilled asparagus...sublime and I wish I ordered it! (also see pic).Drink and wine menu was so surprisingly reasonable. Martinis and drinks ranges from$8.50 to $12. We ordered a bottle of Chateau St. Michele Chardonnay for $22 which paired excellent with all of the seafood. They also have a nice selection of 5 or 6 craft beers on tap if that's the way you want to go.Ambiance and service were also a 5 star experience. Main Catch has transformed its dining area into an elegant nautical atmosphere with attentive waiters and waitresses that seem to carefully monitor your every need. This is seriously like the service you would expect from a 5 star restaurant. All food is served on white table clothed serving carts. What a nice touch!This is seriously going to be one of those neighborhood gems. I am so glad Main Catch has opened. Some things are worth waiting for!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/7/2012,63,191,,6,2>Authenticity seems to be the appeal here.  Essentially a Mexican deli that makes all your fave south of the border meals, on the extremely cheap.The guac was some of the freshest and most flavorful I have had at a restaurant for sure.  Chunky avocado mashed with chopped onions, lime, cilantro, and tomato, along with freshly fried chips.  Great.We went for the pick 3 taco plate, 1 grilled chicken, 1 grilled beef, 1 chorizo.  On the grilled meats you could tell how freshly charred they were like you were at a backyard BBQ, the soft tortilla shells were absolutely fantastic as well.  Sliced radish, tomato, cilantro topped off the meal, and their own brand of hot sauce or tomatillo sauce really make for some of the better tacos I have had in a long long time!And the topper?  Two taco meals, the guac, a couple of drinks, and a side of re-fried beans... $23.We will be back to try the rest of the menu undoubtedly.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,9/6/2012,52,121,,3,2>A lady at a garage sale mentioned when she's in Roslyn she always stops here for a sandwich. So we were driving through on a Saturday afternoon and figured let's stop in for lunch. Decor was nice almost pub looking on the inside. Nice big booths.  When I saw the lunch menu I was a little taken back by the prices. The chicken souvlaki on a pita was $15.00. Same for the BLT. But when the food arrived and we tried it all I can say is Wow. This was more like a dinner. The Souvlaki came with a cast iron container of home made wedge fries hot and crisp. It also came with a fresh tomato and marinated onion salad. The tomatoes actually tasted like tomatoes which today is unexpected. The sandwich itself was stuffed. Made with homemade tahinni sauce. The BLT thick sliced smoky bacon with fresh tomatoes. We decided at that point we're coming back for dinner. Also the brunch menu looks really good too. I'll update the review when we go back.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,9/5/2012,58,74,5,3,3>Took my fiance down to the nautical mile last night for dinner.  Didn't really have a plan of where we were going, we just started walking around.  Well, the sign out front of bamboo caught our eye (monday special 12oz sirloin and 2 draft beers for $19.95).  How can you beat that?  Annnd, it wasn't limited to crappy domestic beers; they had pacifico, blonde ambition, shipyard, stella and a few others...  The woman that was spinning and hosting karaoke was a little weird, but i digress...As many others have said, this place is fairly priced and has a pretty cool vibe.  A nice indoor seating area, a sandy beach area outside, and a tiki-esque open bar.I heard you guys just opened, and i already love you.  You MIGHT get me back down to the nautical pile before the end of the season!Oh, forgot to mention:  The "sirloins" that we got were actually not sirloins.  One was a porterhouse and one was a t-bone.  My girlfriend was jealous that i got a bigger piece of tenderloin lol
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,9/4/2012,128,64,5,7,7>Food Hounds... If I died tomorrow; it could be said in my obituary that I saw the light at this unbelievable Gastro-Pub in Merrick, New York called Left Coast Kitchen!  Seriously, I couldn't express in words how fantastic of an experience this place was.  First thoughts walking through the door is it is similar to that of a small English Pub; old school and modern all in one with a bar that spans the entire length of the room.  Very warm and inviting, you could easily pop in for a drink after a long day, or enjoy an epic bar crawl with a group of friends without actually leaving your seat!  Stepping further into the back you'll find the restaurant area which is actually a very quaint, comfortable eatery with a fantastic vibe.  The staff is VERY hospitable as we literally had drinks in our hands as we sat down.  Creative and interesting to say the least, the Food Hounds embarked on a journey into the unbelievably awesome... a spot that after this experience launched its way into the Top Ten list in Hound history... a feat that isn't easy to do!They bring you a small metal pail of quite possibly the BEST Popcorn that I've ever tasted... a Cinnamon Popcorn with White Truffle oil and butter -YUM!  Kudos in keeping it extraordinary people - loving it!  Now I must say, the theme of our meal should have been eat big or go home; because EVERYTHING is portioned to feed an army!  The FOOD... let's start with the Coleslaw - included a blend of apple cider vinegar, shredded onions and all the other little goodies that lay within this new twist on slaw.  As for the French Onion Chowder... pure stroke of genius!  I broke into the small crock-pot that was set in front of me in order to taste what I thought was French Onion Soup; I was taken by the aroma, flavor and what seemed... simplicity in this soup.  Looks can be deceiving; I didn't realize that this special bowl of soup was actually LAYERED and what lay below was uber-incredible Bacon Potato Chowder!  Separate they were intense; but together... orgasmic.  The chowder was chunky and bursting with the blend of bacon and potato that is OH so good, while the French Onion was sweet, tasty and remained steaming hot under the blanket of fresh Mozzarella.  WIN.Ok, this Chef has more tricks up his sleeve than Harry Houdini!  Let us describe the Buffalo Turkey Wings.  I've got to admit that we had our reservations, until that is we bit into them.  WOW... these suckers put the largest of the chicken wings we've had to shame.  These babies are glazed and braised for twelve hours until ready to be devoured.  The skin is crispy and insanely tasty while the turkey is succulent and spicy - fantastic flavor!  Once and awhile sauce isn't needed; however an honorable mention goes out to the home made Bleu Cheese that was chunky and delish!The Classic Lobster Roll was HUGE, sporting hefty chunks of fresh lobster tossed with herbs and spices on a toasted Brioche bun.  It was hard to figure out the best way to attack this baby as the portion was meant for a giant!  To make this dish even better, it came with that awesome slaw and none other than homemade potato chips that were crispy and yummy!  Maple Mesquite Sweet Potato Tots (YES PLEASE) which were like a full breakfast in one bite - delish!  The LCK Burger was ridiculously impressive... two four ounce Angus Burgers (eight ounces in total) laid side to side and nestled on an Onion Brioche slathered in a comfy bed of that awesome slaw and caramelized onions!  Wait... there's more!  Bacon... who could EVER forget bacon?!?  The description is SPOT on and I refuse to change it as its perfect, "Beefy, Oniony, Cheesy, Bacony and Such."  Accompanying this masterpiece (Enter Applause Here) were the slammin' hand cut Fries; thick, seasoned, crispy and unbelievable.Here it is, the Big Daddy of them all... 'More Long than Short Rib.'  I damn near almost cried... Braised for twelve hours to create the most beautiful WIN ever.  Mind you, this Rib is about a foot and a half long with fall off the bone meat that literally melts in your mouth!  Tender and plentiful, the meat was unreal and the gravy was light and flavorful.  This EPIC meal is served with Loaded Deep Fried potatoes... crispy full potato halves, fried on the outside, moist on the inside and insanely good!  Cheese, real bacon, chives and sour cream.Then there was Dessert.  The 'Tower of Power' holy cow!  Let's just say a two foot skewer, mounted on a base and then bombarded with more sugar than you could shake a stick at!  There was SO much on this gem that I'll give you a rundown of some favorites... the Red Velvet Cupcake was moist and incredible, the Oreo Cupcake love was unreal - moist and chocolaty, soft and chewy Oatmeal Raisin and Chocolate Chip Cookies, fresh and juicy Strawberries, fluffy Pound Cake, and the Brownie... chocolaty, chewy and rich with flavor. What an amazing experience had at the Left Coast Kitchen; we were left very impressed and VERY full!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/3/2012,83,85,3,7,4>One of my favorite restaurants on the island, Le Soir's friendly service and authentic French menu never fails to exceed my expectations. Hearty, full-flavored French fare with country favorites, this restaurant is a go-to in the dead of winter, when you need fearless food that will warm you for hours.Every entree comes with the soup of the day, which can range from a cold gazpacho to a creamy leek and watercress soup, and their house salad of mixed buttery lettuces and a mustard-based dressing.The entrees are generously portioned, and pasta is housemade. The steaks are a little tough, but this is not a steakhouse, so who cares? The jumbo shrimp risotto is fabulous, with perfectly executed risotto and truly jumbo shrimp. The whole lobster is served shelled and reassembled, and on a bed of delightful diced summer vegetables in a light whiskey-accented broth. The duck l'orange is a little overdone at times, but the flavor is superb and the portion is out of control. Their veal escalopes are always outstanding, with a mushroom-rich sauce that has you licking the plate.Moving backwards, the French bread they serve, crusty with a cold pat of sweet cream butter, is addicting, and their appetizers are fabulous. They know how to properly execute a good escargot plate (and where else can you even FIND escargot on Long Island??), and the foie gras is prepared well, too. The lump crab cakes are best when they offer them with the fried leeks, and my husband goes nuts over the sweetbreads (again, where else on LI do you see THAT on the menu?!).All desserts are housemade, which is a huge plus for me, and they often have lighter French fruit pastries on offer, like mixed berry tarts and comforting classics like their apple pear crumble. They also have a luxuriously light meringue dessert, a lush cheesecake, beautiful creme caramel, and chocolate mousse desserts on offer as well. HINT: Make a reservation -- this cozy little house packs out right quick. And be sure to go Monday-Thursday ... dessert gets thrown in with your entree!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,9/2/2012,19,15,,4,2>I always get the falafel sandwhich from here. The pita is fresh and homemade hummus and tahini is phenomenal. If you like spicy get schug (israeli spice) on the side and mix it with tahini. The pizza here is also great and the baked zitti. I also HIGHLY reccommend the sabih sandwhich.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,9/1/2012,218,126,4,8,6>Amazing French establishment in LI! Wino et une délicieuse cuisine, ne manquez pas!I have been here are few times, and each time was wonderful experience. Let me break it down each time I went:1. I came here for a friend's engagement party midday. We had the back portion of the restaurant sectioned off. The tables were arranged very nicely, and service was impeccable! Wines made their way around the room, without having to be asked twice, they asked if you wanted another glass. The Riesling they served, was sweet, but not too sweet, and I personally loved it. They had a prix fixe menu for all the guests. Although since it has been a while, I believe i had the following:     - Appetizer: Soup - la soupe Gratinée à l'oignon - it was an onion soup with crouton and cheese gratin. It was very flavorful, but light in consistency.      - Entree: Onglet Frites - hanger steak with french fries = hearty delicousness.     - Dessert: Profiteroles: Vanilla ice cream in puffed pastries, topped with chocolate sauce. Twas scrumptious with a afterthought of HELLZ YAH!!!!***** I can say that I enjoyed every spoonful, and remember exclaiming how wonderful the food was!2. I had dinner here with a friend, and again, drinks were great! We had one of the bartender's special concoctions. He made us a martini - who knows what it was called, but it was spectacular, he knew exactly what he was doing! We ordered:     - Appetizer: Calamari with aioli - most places serve it with a red marinara or a spicy sauce, but this aioli alternative was fantastic!     - Entree - Carré d'agneau - roasted half rack of lamb, with pistachio and dijon mustard crust, sautéed asparagus and rosemary fingerling potatoes = NOTHING SHORT OF 5 stars! I absolutely loved the entree!3. The more recent time I was here, I just came here for drinks, and I would love to comment that they do have a nice bar space, as well as a nice outdoor patio area when the weather gets nice. We each got some Sangria, I got the white sangria, and my date, got the red sangria. I thought both were fantastic, and were pretty strong! Now I'll have to come back just for the drinks!   I would normally give this place 4.5 stars, but because it is the BEST french restaurant I know of in the area, so I'll round it up! Happy eating :)
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,8/31/2012,48,137,,7,3>The Crushed Olive is the newest addition to Sayville and a welcome addition to Long Island's gourmet food scene. This new location on Main Street is in addition to their two existing Long Island locations in Huntington and Stony Brook. Offering an unmatched variety of premium olive oil and balsamic vinegar you will be sure to find the perfect fit for your family's taste. The Crushed Olive offers everything from your basic Extra Virgin Olive Oil to more complex infused oils, bursting with flavors from Tuscan Herb and Persian Lime to Wild Mushroom & Sage and Herbs de Provence. I was also pleasantly surprised to find that many of their oils are certified organic! Not sure where to begin on your mission to find the perfect oil or vinegar? Fear not! The warm, Tuscan appointed décor invites you in to sample each and every oil and vinegar there is to offer. Feel free to peruse the many offerings, reading about each product and pouring yourself samples until you find and old favorite or an existing new selection. Besides, who doesn't love dipping pieces of crusty bread into the perfect olive oil or vinegar?
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,8/30/2012,8,23,,3,1>Found this place through Yelp. Driving through CSH, it looks like a market. It seems to have grown from the ground up, starting as a quaint little shoppe, gradually adding coffee, then food; but keeping the old-fashioned look to it. (I have no idea if this is the history, it just SEEMS that way to me.)Drinks are self-serve, which encourages you to wander around the store, which sells tchatchkes, local art, and gourmet-ish foods and candies. Seating is limited, but the hostess is there to help you find a place. It's a nice, friendly, quaint environment. Food is good. Not amazingly gourmet. Rather, more like basic sandwiches made with care and thought about the ingredients. They were out of chicken nuggets when we went, so "kiddie fare" is limited. The Thin Crust Pizza was just what you'd expect. The hamburger was good. The Fish Tacos, for which this place is famous, are Very good.I'd have given it 3 stars, except for the friendly and quaint staff, and the good coffee.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,8/29/2012,73,279,1,3,1>More like 4 and a half stars, but I'm nice and round up.Saw there was a pretty sweet deal on GroupOn for this place ($25 for $55 worth of food) and considering I'm a minute drive away I figured why not get it and go.Food was excellent (although a little on the pricey side). My girlfriend and I split a portobello mushroom appetizer which was really good. The marinara sauce did taste like it came from a can / jar, but besides that a very tasty start to the meal.My dinner itself was awesome. Got the veal barolo which was a LOT of food and extremely delicious. Veal had a lot of flavor and was one of the better cooked veals I've had (and I'm very picky about my veals).Overall, I've been somewhat disappointed with the food selection in Merrick since I've moved here, but now Nicholas James joins the ranks of La Piazza, Santorini, and Souperfry of 5 star dining options in the area.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,8/28/2012,158,144,,2,3>YAYYY! Smithtown is coming back in a big way! Went to Croxley's their second night open and it exceeded my expectations! 80 BEERS ON TAP! Yes it is craft beer heaven, plus they DO NOT serve, Bud, Coors or Miller! Love it! Upon walking in I noticed the decor and layout has been improved upon since it was Arthur Avenue. Mostly what I noticed is, to my delight, it was packed! The service was great and we got our food very quickly. I ordered the Bavarian Meatball sliders (love the fusion of American and German food there) and they were flavorful and presented very nicely. I also ordered the Croxley's Pumpkin Ale and Long Ireland Raspberry Wheat beer. Both were great, though I am not sure if Croxley's pumpkin is better than John Harvard's. My husband had the fish and chips. I am usually not a fish person, but I tasted it and liked that too. I really liked their menu too, all different kind of pub food (german, british, american). Hooray for a great place to hangout in town that I can literally walk to!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,8/27/2012,62,89,3,4,3>I give this place a four for what it is. It's cheap quick service food that is served cafeteria style and it tastes good. Every time I went the dining area was clean and the cashier was friendly although I don't think the service person understood much English. I love getting the Swedish meatballs combo for $5.99 which includes 15 meatballs, a dollop of mashed potatoes, a fountain drink, and a small salad. Me and my girlfriend split this and we are always satisfied. You can also get a free coffee or tea if you are a part of the IKEA family (you can sign up for this if you haven't done so already in the same room).I haven't tried anything else but my friend had the ribs and he said they were OK. I would just stick with the meatballs though.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,8/26/2012,382,325,3,4,3>The other day I was waiting for my friend, lets call her "Emily", to get to my apartment in my beach town.  She took the train into LB, and told me to wait outside.So I did, and a few minutes later she comes riding up to the corner of my building with this ridiculous Kool Aide smile.  Riding a DECO BIKE.  Bell a blaring!DECO BIKE is a bunch of convienently located stations that have beach cruisers - complete with basket, bell and lights on the wheels and front that go on when you pedal - all around my town.  There are these big stop locations that you pick them up at, and return them to. Once the bike is docked, the time that you're being charged for the rental pauses, until you pick it up again.  The longer you rent the bike, the less it costs, and they have monthly rentals for like 20$ (I think minimum of 3 months).Anyone thats been to long beach during the summer knows that parking absolutely friggin blows (unless you're lucky enough to have a driveway, or pay for a spot, or has a stalker-esque super that lets your friends park in his spot), so these things are great for the out of towner to pick one up at the train station and not drive around town with no idea of our traffic laws (so help me God if one more out of towner nearly slams into me making an illegal U-Turn, I'm going to start packing my air gun in my car to teach them what NOT to do).  There are enough locations that you can ride from east to west and vice versa and have a spot to get or drop off a bike, and its cheaper than taking a taxi (not cheaper than the bus, which, now that I know how to take I'm in love with).  You also get yourself some nice, relaxing exercise, which is huge when you've been stuffing your face at Swingbelly's or drinking at Whales Tale.  You want to fit into your bathing suit, don't you?  If you have an iPhone, there's an app that tells you the closest station, how many open docks there are and how many bikes there are to rent.  You see the people working for the company zipping around on their bikes, helping people that have flats, broken chains, whatever, and there's numbers to call if you need help (note: not help as to where the closest bar is, help with your bike).Every beach town should have these things, they're great.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,8/25/2012,72,204,,2,2>While there are many good bakeries on Long Island, this one rises above that level in heavenly fashion with friendly service in a French/Italian style that delivers innovative and traditional bakery wares. I make a point of stopping here when I am in Huntington for the simplicity of the dark coffee and the divine cakes.Instead of me telling you about this oasis with its own parking lot (!) in Huntington aside from the double parked SUV's - with no police in sight (they don't work Sundays in Huntington), I would encourage anyone with an interest European style baking to simply visit the place.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,8/24/2012,22,29,,3,2>This is a walk-up counter next to the food court in the Smith Haven Mall. They have a very nice selection of shakes, smoothies, ice cream, and sherbert -- all from Haagen-Dazs. They are usually very busy, but the line moves fast and although the people who work there always look very tired, they are very friendly and even recognize me when I order after only a few visits.My wife especially likes the Belgian Chocolate shakes and the Strawberry and Banana smoothies (which is made with a real fresh banana). My only complaint is that it is hard to order anything off the menu without spending at least $7 but the quality well makes it worth it.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,8/23/2012,50,162,1,1,2>These dosas are to be reckoned with, as are the idly, sambar, and chutneys. Dosa comes with the all-veg buffet, and as much as I adore Indian buffets, I come here just for those crispy crepes. One time I went to the buffet, and a Gujarati beet & onion preparation studded with mustard seeds made my toes curl. Too bad most of the other buffet items weren't quite as good as this, the rava idli, or the dosai. They were delicious, but not exceptional. Sadly, the gajar halwa consisted of honey-sweetened PUREED carrots that were as devoid of cardamom flavor as they were of carrot & khoya texture.  I make this dish at home, and there's just no excuse for that!!! On return trips, I'll stick to the savory offerings.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,8/22/2012,3,61,,2,2>We walked in and only had to wait 5 mins for a table at 8 on a Friday night, which was great! The lighting is dim and romantic. The server was very busy and seemed in a rush. He came over got our drink orders and brought them. He didn't come back a while, we had to flag him down to put in our appetizer order. Which is understandable because they were busy so I deducted 0 points and the person I was with kept my attention very well. The appetizer we ordered was sesame  calamari. It was odd. The calamari was great and the sweet sauce was good, but pairing the two, not a good taste. The waiter improved after this, he took our dinner order and did check back on us a few times. For dinner I got the pasta with broccoli artichoke hearts mozzarella cheese and more. It was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever tasted. He got veal that he said was amazing. I will definitely be frequenting this place a now that I found it.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,8/21/2012,52,302,6,10,6>EDIT Apr 2013 This place has not been open for months now.  Supposedly they are going to reopen it when it is warm out but I am not so sure.  They recently opened a restaurant and I think their resources are all being used there.My brother is a guy that eats pizza 5 days a week, and he stumbled upon my reviews.  He said to me "How come all the places you like are closed?!".  He is right, sadly a lot of the places that are unique to this area but common in the city close!  This will not be another one!  I would like to think it is due to the fact that while there will be a line out the door for Cheesecake Factory, people do not like quality ethnic places!  Or maybe I just like places that suck :(Located in the middle of nowhere on 347 in a small pool place's parking lot, I drove by one day and saw what looked to be an authentic NYC halal food truck.  I kept driving because I presumed it was a mirage, there would never be such a place there.  I returned yesterday and yes indeed this is an authentic NYC style halal food truck serving classic chicken and rice, kati rolls, and other more American faire with nothing costing more than $5!I ordered the chicken Kati rolls 2/$5.  Normally these are small things similar to a say soft taco but these things were tremendous!  My only complaint was that they are so large thus making them hard to eat.  The container with the 2 of these seriously weighed more than 1.5lbs.  What a value and they were good!  She saw that I was some white dude there and was like this has spicy green sauce on it..  I said great!  Then she warned me there is egg in it.  Yes of course bring it on.  I guess it is hard being a trail-blazing pioneer in this land of franchises.People, please go down and feed your whole family from this truck (cheaply).  The owners must be saluted for bringing such a business out here to the sticks it takes balls!    You will realize why Halal food has taken the crown of street food in NYC as only tourists there really eat hot dogs.  Next time you are waiting outside of some garbage formulaic casual dining place waiting for an hour for gut busting, salty reheated packaged food, LEAVE and support locally owned and interesting restaurants!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,8/20/2012,21,81,,2,3>Every time I go to Maria's I wonder why I don't go more often.  After all, it's like 2 miles from my house and 1 mile from my office but it's been at least 3 years now. I guess that's the whole point of restaurant week...it got me back in the door.Everything was delicious last night. We started with chicken empanadas and moqueca de camarones.  The empanadas were perfectly fried, the shell had a nice little crunch on the outside and was soft and doughy on the inside along with the delicious chicken filling.  The avocado hot sauce is a bit misleading because it's more like a cilantro hot sauce with a little avocado, but good nonetheless. The moqueca de camarones was outrageously delicious with big, tender shrimp in this wonderful coconut broth.  The broth was so good that we dipped our bread in it to soak up every last drop.Dinner was chuleta cubana and tampiquena marinera.  If you like cuban sandwiches, the chuleta cubana is for you.  It's like Maria's modern, more elegant interpretation.  No bread, just a stuffed pork chop with ham, manchego cheese and pickles...fabulous.  The tampiquena marinera is tender and flavorful skirt steak topped with shrimp, scallops & calamari in a chipotle sauce.  There was a great smokiness to the steak and the seafood was cooked perfectly.  Loved it.The star dessert was the sweet plantain sundae.  The fry of the plantains was so good that if my eyes were closed I would've thought I was eating a churro.  The strawberry margarita pie was good as well, but not as good as the sundae.All in all, great meal at a great restaurant week price.  Now I just have to remember to go back some time.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,8/19/2012,42,35,2,5,2>Ambiance: Certainly an eccentric interior due to the orange walls and various decorations but it also has a sense of elegance to go along with the eccentricity. Good place to bring a date if you are in the mood for something a bit off beat. 4/5Food: The menu is vast and has a ton of creative options. You certainly get the sense that the chef likes munchies because all the ingredients are tasty and nothing is too serious. For example, Chipotle Honey Crusted Salmon with Coconut Risotto and Banana Pineapple Sauce. Upon my visit I had the Sliced Duck which was delicious. I would certainly come back to try more. Everything is reasonably priced and plated nicely. 5/5Service: Professional waiters and no problem being seated. The restaurant is in the middle of nowhere in particular so you shouldn't have a problem getting a table. 4/5
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,8/18/2012,31,60,1,6,2>I went here for brunch this morning (on a tuesday) about 11am. There were a decent amount of people there, but they sat us (2 people) as soon as we walked in.The breakfast section of the menu is very different from average. All kinds of french toast! Sticks, raisin french toast nuggets, stuffed french toast with blueberry cream-cheese, chocolate challah french toast. They also have pumpkin and sweet potato waffles or lemon ricotta pancakes!However, I love eggs. I got a pizzette -  a flat-bread topped with scrambled eggs, sliced breakfast sausage links, pan-fried tomatoes and jack cheese. Pretty good. The eggs were yummy. The sausage was awesome (I'd even order a side with my waffles)! And the tomatoes added a nice level to it. The flat bread itself was more burnt than toasted however.....and they don't put butter on your toasted english muffin? They don't even serve it to you on the side, I had to wait (=cold english muffin) and request it special - a mistake I will not make next time. Live and learn.My best-friend got an omlette.....it looks like they got mixed up between an omlette and a sub sandwich. Not necessarily a bad thing....but it looked like they sauteed a whole onion, threw in some ham chunks and folded it into the "omlette" as if the egg was a loaf of bread. The effect is.....Odd.Home-fries? Disappointing. It looks like they are deep-fried chunks of little potato. Square-well-done french fries? Not the way a home-fry should be. And they were hard and flavor-lacking. That was probably my least favorite part of the meal.I think the coffee is better than your average breakfast dinner, which is a definite plus.All in all...it's a cute place. I'm definitely going to go back to try more of the menu. It has a weird appeal to it. And though the food was not the best breakfast I've had in my life, I'd love to go try some french toast or waffles (but I'll skip the home-fries). I'd say...give it a shot.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,8/17/2012,234,238,,7,6>They are opened at 4am!! Are you kidding me who would come in this early you might ask yourself. A person like me. That's who! and many others that go fishing this early. We are the crazy people that try to go to sleep at 9pm or 10pm but cannot fall asleep until midnight or 1am and wake up at 4am or later. When we do get up there are not many places opened up at this time. Not even Deli's. So learning that they are opened at 4am is a great thing.  It was a perfect place to pick up some bacon egg and cheese sandwiches prior getting on my party boat to go fishing which is a stone throw away. The ladies working there are very nice. Thanks for opening up so early so I can get breakfast. I will be back when I am out fishing.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,8/16/2012,135,216,3,8,3>Kind of feel like I hit the jackpot. The prices at this deli are unbelievably low for the homemade food quality. If you enjoy smoked/cured meats you are missing out if you have not been here yet. Aside from that they have a whole mini market filled with all kinds of food and drinks. I bought some jarred pickled veggies and sauerkraut with no preservatives or bad ingredients. I also drooled on the beer selection. I got the black boss porter with 9.4% alc by vol. it was smooth and full flavored with strong coffee notes. I'm in love. They also had a large cherry drink made from straight up cherries (no added anything) which is excellent for your kidneys that was $3 and change.. At Sherries this would cost $10 easily.Two things I tried that were delicious we're the Double smoked bacon and Venison kielbasa. Out of these two the double smoked bacon is a MUST TRY. For the food adventurers please FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE try the Blood head cheese and the Pork jelly. Blood head cheese is made from blood and different parts of the pig I KNOW It sounds gross but you haven't lived until you tried this. It is also loaded in iron which many woman can become deficient in. The pork jelly is the best. It comes in a plastic tub consisting of congealed broth that is rich in collagen great for your joints and youthful skin, chunks of pork and peppercorns my goodness what a treat. I can't wait to come back. You feel like it should all cost $30 but it ends up costing half of that or less.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,8/15/2012,186,337,,5,3>This is by far my new favorite restaurant!!!!  The Bistro is in an old, beautiful home with incredibly friendly staff.  We had reservations for 6, and were seated and ordered wines (delicious) and the Sommelier was so nice and very helpful.  We all got the prefix lunch special that included:  mesculen salad (possibly the best salad I've ever had), a white fish that was prepared Sicilian Style with breadcrumbs and raisins.  It was absolutely out of this world delicious.  For dessert, the caramel mousse  was a perfect way to finish up a fantastic meal.  It was rainy when we went but there is beautiful seating outside and fresh herbs and strawberries lining the back and the fence.  It's just gorgeous!  I really can't wait to go back!!!  Thank you Comtesse Therese Bistro for an amazing lunch!!!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,8/14/2012,224,52,,7,1>Easiest 5 Stars and my new weekly sushi spot.  I've been to Arata numerous times and last week I was there 3 times.  Each time I tried something different from soups, to main courses and then there's the sushi.  The sushi is by far the best in the area.  And the service is second to none.  The first night was the only night I felt like a paying customer.  Every night after I was treated like family.  The staff recognized me as soon as I walk in and as always I get such a warm welcome at this restaurant.  Every restaurant says hello, welcome, have a seat...this place goes the extra mile.  Now on to the food.  Arata is a modern/fusion version of Japanese food.  Presentation is an art work.  Unique is an understatement.  Their signature dish, Arata Sushi, is a must try...this will make you understand what makes them different/better from the rest.  Chirashi is my benchmark for all Japanese restaurants and Arata makes one of the best.  I also tried Arata's lunch specials and I assumed the food quality would drop along with the lower prices but to my surprise the food was consistent to dinner service.  Pricing is dirt cheap for what you get.  And Arata, on numerous occassions, gave us either sake and desserts on the house.  Once is expected after being a long time customer but numerous times....who does that???  I should also mention that we only have been going to Arata for the last 2-3 weeks.  They get very busy during peak hours but it's definitely worth the wait.  Street parking can be tough at times but they do have parking at the rear of the restaurant.  Taka has been my home for the past 3 years and has received the gold medal.  Arata just earned Platinum.  Both are good but the service and passion Arata expresses puts them over the top.  Anyone can sell fresh sashimi...only a few can make a lasting impression.  Arata is simply the best.  Special Thank You to HB for recommending this place.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,8/13/2012,28,11,,7,4>One of the most elegant and sophisticated Kosher Persian Kabob places I have ever been to. The staff and owner Bijan himself are amazing. I have been there so many times that I cant count. They are very friendly to kids and are generous in their hospitality. The Kabobs are delicious. The Barg and Koobideh are very unique in taste. The chef does not add so much preservatives. I love the food. I love the Delivery.... Yes they do deliver!!! Its unique for a Glatt kosher restaurant to deliver.....
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,8/12/2012,123,466,1,4,2>Having heard good things about this new burger place, it made sense to see what all the fuss was about. We came here this past weekend, and thankfully avoided the long line I've heard people talk about. We both got the classic smashburger, plus one order of reg fries, and one order of smash fries. He got a vanilla shake, I got a regular soda. We waited at our table for the food, at which time the shake was delivered. The girl who brought it over asked if I wanted a shake, too. I politely declined, pointing to my soda. She said it would be free of charge. Wait, what? Well, then, screw the calories, heck yes I'll take one! She made me a shake, and I quite enjoyed it. That was pretty awesome of her. Plus, I liked it so much, I might get one next time.The food followed soon after, and it was yummy. The burger meat had that very meaty taste. You know what I mean, right? Anyway, the burger was good, but it was sooo messy, probably because there's alot on it and there's sauce and ketchup, too. I used a lot of napkins! The fries were good, but nothing all that special or different than any other fries. Once they got cold, they were pretty inedible, but I guess that makes sense. Who wants cold fries from anywhere? All in all, this was a satisfying experience, and it all cost $22. We were full the entire day! I'm sure the shake helped that along, but if you were to just eat the fries and burger, you might not feel as gross afterwards! I'll definitely come back and try a chicken sandwich next time!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,8/11/2012,642,123,,6,3>Tourist Trap of the Century !!! Food is good, not great. Always a chaotic atmosphere at this "must visit" spot in Montauk. There are far better places to eat in Montauk (Daves Grill) my favorite. Very loud and messy meals are what is on your plate here. Always fun to put on your lobster bib and get dirty. If you have never been here, then you must go. If you have been here, you know exactly what I am talking about. Great lobster special dinner: 2 1 1/4 pounders, corn and some sides. If you like a really big lobster, like 4 pounds plus, bring your Amex Card. A bit pricey, like $22 bucks a pound ! Enjoy the carnival like atmosphere...
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,8/10/2012,197,297,,5,3>I love Menchies! Their concept is super cute and their interior is very welcoming and friendly-looking. It's a self serve yogurt place where they price it by weight. I love how they welcome tasting; they have these little cups so that you can taste the flavors before settling on one. I personally enjoy their taro, vanilla snow, and cookies and cream flavors. Their yogurt chips are sooooooooooooo good with any of those three flavors. They have a large range of toppings as well. For me it was a good thing, but a lot of the flavors are less tarty than what they serve at places like red mango or pinkberry (with the exception of the original tart and the sorbet flavors). I know some people don't like that so a quick heads up. The consistency of the froyo is super creamy though, which I absolutely love.It's also really nice because they tell you what flavors are dairy-free, etc. which seems really helpful for those who have food limitations.The only reason why I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is that their mochi quality is severely lacking. The mochi is like yellowish instead of white, squishy, and powdery and it was a bit disappointing. I guess their yogurt chips make up for it though.The girl who was working there was super sweet and nice. They also sell really cute hoodies with their mascot on it, and they have a rewards point system. They also give out this collectable sticker thing where you can dress up a character using stickers. Haha call me a dork, but I love those things.Pricing was 8 dollars for 2 cups of froyo. It was definitely worth it though.You can also find easy parking, so that's not an issue either.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,8/9/2012,37,154,6,10,8>One of the best perks of my new job is that I work with all men who have really big appetites, are very generous and love to order in lunch for everyone. I am also very lucky that my office is maybe 10 minutes from Bellagio's and it's one of their favorites. We order in from them at least once a week. Pizza on Friday is the norm and therefore I think I have sampled just about every type of pizza that Bellagio's has to offer.The Grandma is incredible and they have mastered it, we always order at least 2 pies and they are the first to go. I love that Bellagio's is also generous with their toppings, sometimes too much where the entire top is practically covered, such as in the Meat Lovers Pie smothered with Sausage, Pepperoni, Meatballs, Ham & Bacon. It's deadly!! Other favorites are the White Pizza, Chicken Alla Vodka and the House Salad Pizza, which I have yet to try but shall next time. Of course, you can never go wrong with a good old Neapolitan or Sicilian slice either.On non pizza days when we can order off the menu, I go for one of the many salads and a cup of the Pasta E Fagioli soup, loaded with beans and pasta. I did get the Baked Ziti once and the portion was so big, I had the rest for dinner. The prices are slightly higher than most places ($14.00 for a Neapolitan pie), but Bellagio's is definitely a higher end Italian Restaurant that will never disappoint. For delicious food always made to perfection, I'd pay those prices anytime!!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,8/8/2012,65,130,5,6,4>Came here with my gf and my best friend and his wife after we couldn't get a seat at Grand Lux.  After our excellent experience i'm not sure why anyone would go to Grand Lux again.Although Grand Lux had a wait of about 3 years, Seasons 52 had only a 5min wait.  Sitting down the first thing we noticed was the really bad piano/lounge singer behind the bar.  Even so we sat a bit away from that section so we were ok.  The menu looked really good (it wasn't 60 pages like Grand Lux) and I was surprised to find that the calorie counts were so low (if you're into calorie counting).The piano/lounge singer was getting annoying at this point (you could still sort of hear him), but we were ready to order.  We got a gyro flatbread.  I thought it was delicious, but would like to try another flatbread on the next visit. I had the bbq chicken and my gf had the filet minion.  The bbq chicken was very good, although some might think the bbq sauce a bit rich.  My only gripe was that they lay the chicken on top of the mash potatoes.  The bbq sauce made the mash taste absolutely awful.  It was a real shame, but i still enjoyed the entree.  I had a piece of my gf's filet minion and it was pretty good.  I'd recommend it as well as the bbq chicken.The piano/lounge singer was now breaking into hotel california while we were looking at dessert.  Can't comment too much on the desserts since we decided against it (we were going to get snacks at the theater next door... watching Spiderman), but they were well presented and all of them looked very good.  I really like it when they bring out the desserts so you can look at them.On the way out i told the hostess that we had a very good experience but that they should dump the piano/lounge singer.  She then had this 'awww' look on her face as she said "you didn't like him?"  Although i didn't say it, i was thinking, 'the guy is pitchy, off tune, and playing songs that don't fit the environment... what's not to like?"
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,8/7/2012,38,62,6,11,6>This place has become a regular once a week lunch stop!  They make some of the best wings I've had on the Island!!  And for me to say that, means something, since I've lived in Buffalo and had the best at Duff's and The Anchor Bar up there!  They cook them just right, nice and crispy on the outside, yet still moist and meaty on the inside!!  And they offer many options other than the standard Buffalo style (which is excellent) such as Jamaican Jerk, General Tso, Honey Habanero, Cajun Rub, and many others!  I'm working my way through the entire menu and haven't been disappointed yet.  They also offer many other lunch options, such as a Juicy Lucy Burger, Tavern Burger, BLT, among others.And on top of the excellent food, they also have a very impressive selection of beer on tap.  The daytime bartender, Rachel, is very friendly and professional, she makes wonderful mixed drinks for my daughter, and when my daughter can't make up her mind what to order, she comes up with a delicious surprise for her every time!I don't know how it is here in the evenings, but I can say that if you're in the area at lunchtime, you cant beat this place!!  It's great!!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,8/6/2012,237,506,8,12,9>YESSSSS!!!!!  Someone other than Pinkberry or Red Mango finally got it right!  16 handles.  Self serve fro yo, but the GOOD kind that actually tastes like real yogurt, not frozen yogurt trying to imitate ice cream which I happen to find revolting.  The best way to describe it would be:PINKBERRY + RED MANGO + do it yourself + awesomeness = 16 HANDLES16 different and awesome flavors such as pomegranate (my favorite), euro tart (classic real yogurt taste), coconut creme, cake batter, cheesecake, strawberry banana and chocolate to name a few.  The variety of toppings is ridiculous.  I've never seen anything like this.  Chunks of RAINBOW COOKIES, macaroon brownies and every other random and delicious dessert item you could possibly think of along with fresh fruit, breakfast cereal and then liquid toppings i.e. hot fudge, caramel, etc.After you go crazy and fill up your cup with decadence, you weigh and pay.  The staff is extremely friendly and was offering to let us sample pretty much every flavor.   The interior is trendy and modern, like most of these places that seem to be popping up all over the place with ample seating.  I am thrilled that a GOOD fro-yo place has opened up on Atlantic so I don't have to drive to RVC or Oceanside for Red Mango.  I don't like to leave the confines of my town, so this is just the greatest.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,8/5/2012,698,2009,7,13,7>Meat!So I finally found my way over to Insignia - had to let the newness die down and all that.  What we have here is the newest member of the trilogy of meat palaces that make up this chain.Insignia is new from the ground up - it took them quite some time to build and it shows in the way it is laid out but where you really see it is in the costs for everything.  Like Blackstone and Rare650, there is sushi in addition to the meats.That being said, Insignia does seem to have a more comprehensive menu - pork belly and venison for example.  Not everyone's cup of tea to be sure, but an interesting enough choice if you are feeling like something different.  The bar area is the centerpiece of the restaurant with a huge TV dominating one wall.  Service, like at the other establishments, is top notch.  Bartenders are right there when you need them and the servers are all well versed on the menu.  The prices are just a bit north of ridiculous, particularly with some of the specialty sushi rolls in the $30 and over range...  Come on, that is just a bit much.  What do they come for then?  Meat and let me tell you, the steak is just too damn good.  Cooked perfectly, it is a show piece when it arrives at the table.  Sides are a la carte and there are plenty to choose from.Drink prices are high, as expected, but to be fair, the drinks are also decently sized and well made.  The wine list is extremely extensive and sure to please just about anyone.The crowd, as pointed out by another reviewer, is the usual collection of douchebags that come to these places to try to show off.  For some odd reason, it seems that Suffolk County suffers from this syndrome at a higher percentage than Nassau - go figure.  Be prepared for this type of crowd and true to form, Thursday is the worst night for this sort of behavior.  To summarize, the place is top notch in terms of food and service, a bit nutty with the costs and full of people who like to frequent these places.   So long as you go with a decent selection of friends, you will enjoy yourselves and probably not cry about overspending as the food is very good.   Is it better than Blackstone?  Nope- same basic food and service.  In the final analysis, it really depends on where you live I suppose which would dictate where you would go.Valet parking.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,8/4/2012,39,168,3,6,6>RIP pizza oven, you great sweaty beast!  No more duck pizza, no more potato pizza...  But hello more bar space!So I've been back several times since my initial review and I've tried a bunch of different things so I'll try to be brief in the interest of time and space.1. Chick pea fries.  Mixed reviews from the table but I thought they were really good and an interesting take on hummus.  The chick peas are ground up and fried to look like large steak fries.  The aioli is seasoned with hummus spices and when combined, you can hardly tell that you are eating something new.2. Breakfast flavored pulled pork.  The best idea ever!  Sweet, salty and savory all in one bite.  Speaking of sweet, savory and salty...3. Savory bread pudding.  My favorite dish on the menu.  It's basically the best corn bread stuffing with chicken, gravy and cranberry sauce all mixed together into the perfect bite.4. Faux Philly.  Earthy and did not leave me longing for meat.5. Noodle Chicken Soup.  Very good Asian inspired chicken noodle soup although I still prefer the peanut soup.Basically, almost everything that I try it amazing but even the dishes that are not my favorite are at the very least still really good food.  EAT HERE!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2012,8/3/2012,126,237,3,4,4>I don't know why I was so afraid to step foot in here!  Maybe because the only people I saw shopping here were stay-at-home moms w/ Benzes & BMW's?  But over the past week I've been in and out of Nordstrom for just about every little detail I need for "The Big Day."First the Bridal Department - super, super helpful and kind for wedding dress undergarments.  I didn't even buy my dress here, but they treated me like I did.  I browsed accessories from tiaras to fashion jewelry and found the prices to be reasonable.  Especially compared to the bridal shops I've gone into, where everything seems to have an extra $100 tacked onto the price.Then the Shoe Department - it was sooo easy to fall in love w/ a pair of Jimmy Choos that would go so perfectly with my dress....but cost more than my dress.  Luckily I don't have the bank account for such a purchase.  But the sales associate (who I thought was a security guard) helped me find the perfect shoes at a price I could semi-breathe-easy with.  You'll find all the top brands here - just be strong enough to say no before your credit card does!Finally the Fashion Jewelry Department - although I didn't find anything I loved, the sales associate was extremely helpful and patient - leading me to figure out what I really wanted! (PS - the Fine Jewelry Department is seriously lacking in goods - it's the smallest I've seen in any department store!)I love Nordstrom now and I can't wait till next year's tax return $$$!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,8/2/2012,156,116,2,4,3>Stopped here today for lunch.  The valet was a pain in the ass and we were sitting in line for a good 10-15 minutes so I was hoping it would be worth the wait.  We were told to sit outside would be 25 minutes wait.  We walked around the beach for a little and the scenery is beautiful.  They call your cell phone when a table is ready, and it was only about a 10 minute wait.  We ordered shrimp cocktail, tuna tartar, a watermelon salad? (not mine), cheese and fruit platter, and a fried cod sandwich.  Everything was pretty tasty, but I can't speak for the watermelon salad or the cheese and fruit platter because I didn't try that.  The atmosphere is nice and we overlooked the water while dining on some yummy food.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,8/1/2012,104,200,5,8,4>5 for ambiance, 3 for the food.On a warm Sunday afternoon we had a late lunch/early dinner at Tropix.  When you first arrive at this spot which is situated almost at the end of the Nautical mile, it looks out of place. This is a good thing as you feel like you have stepped into a very cool place with a Ft lauderdale or Key West feel to it.We hit the right timing and sat at a great table overlooking the inlet. I ordered a perfectly made tanqueray and tonic which refreshingly hit the spot instantly. For appetizers, the pricey but desirable lobster roll sliders. We were 4 people so we upgraded to 4 sliders from the standard 3 sliders. Not a bad dish however for $27 I would expect a more chunky lobster meat salad between the buns.For entrees, we had lobster ravioli in a champagne sauce, a margarita pizza, the balsamic chicken with fresh mozzarella cheese sandwich and a shrimp cocktail. My favorite dish was the lobster ravioli which had a very tasty red sauce and ravioli wonderfully stuffed with ricotta and lobster.  Least favorite was the shrimp cocktail that contained 5 mediocre size shrimp in a huge plate filled with ice. At $15 this was very underwhelming.The waitress we had was excellent an told us to relax an enjoy the music. We'll be back at a minimum for drinks this summer.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,7/31/2012,180,465,4,4,4>The place has that "local bar" aura that you can sense just by looking at it, and when you get inside it is no different.Shines is frequented by regulars and LB residents- or the occasional out of towners who think all LB bars are like The Inn but learn immediately upon entering that this is not the case (thank God, I say).And it feels welcoming; which cannot be taken for granted at a bar of regulars.It's big but for some reason everyone packs into the smallest part of the bar where the taps are- OK, that's the reason.This isn't a 4 star place because it is something extraordinary- it's a 4 star place because it doesn't pretend to be something it isn't.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,7/30/2012,9,20,3,5,5>I have been to Ssambap twice since it opened this month. I LOVE Korean food and I was thrilled to learn a Korean BBQ place finally opened in Suffolk. It's also closer to my house than other Korean restaurants.The decor inside is great. I love the fish tanks on the far wall with Nemos, Dories, and lionfish. I also love all the wood accents and the classiness of the place.The first time my boyfriend and I went we decided not to go for the BBQ and instead get regular entrees. We ordered the seafood curry croquettes as an appetizer (which were out of this world but the sauce was REALLY SPICY), and jap chae and kimchi bibimbap as entrees. Both were outstanding. I also recommend the multi-grain rice because it has red bean in it :)The second time we went, we went with 2 other friends and opted for the BBQ. We got 2 orders of kalbi and 2 orders of bulgogi. Both were great, but I liked the bulgogi better. It was fun to chat and cook the meat together. We also pigged out on several appetizers (again the croquettes, plus shrimp gyoza and kimchi pancake, which was EXCELLENT) and some sushi. Our waiter, Pat, was really helpful and friendly, and the owner of the restaurant also came out and was really cute and funny. Both times the bonchan were great! I especially loved the radish and bean sprouts. I really love Ssambap and can't wait to go again!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,7/29/2012,21,110,1,7,4>I decided to come here despite the varied reviews, and I think I understand what's going on here.  This is a SMALL, Bar and Grill.  If that's not what you're expecting, you'll be disappointed.  What it delivers on, however, is being exactly what it is.  If the bar is packed, and it's very crowded, I would expect slow, and perhaps sketchy, service.  That's just the nature of a little B&G.  But we experienced neither - we were taken care of efficiently, despite quite a crowd.Started with the home-made chilli, and was VERY pleasantly surprised.  This is GOOD stuff - a big bowl, nicely topped.  My wife had potato-leek soup, and that was also excellent.The burgers are EXCELLENT, and were perfectly cooked.  The only criticism I have, is that the buns are a little too big, and can overwhelm the burger (huge as it is).  The meat and toppings were tasty enough to defy the need for ketchup, which is always (to me) the signal of a quality burger.Looking forward to another visit !
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,7/28/2012,31,251,,7,1>Spectacular view.......This is a difficult review to write for me. I've been here many times and have had a variety of experiences, never terrible, just some better than others. First I must say, the outdoor seating and view is spectacular. It is one of the reasons I keep coming back.I've been here for "happy hour" and thought it was amazing. The reduced price on drinks and appetizers made this a great place to come and meet friends. It can very busy on Friday nights. Two couples could eat a few appetizers, including those offered by waiters for free, and leave full without having dinner and only spend about $20 a couple. Wonderful!Dinner is usually more expensive and dishes vary from absolutely awesome to just okay. Some items can be overly salty, so choose wisely. You will get large portions and have enough to take home. Prices can be high but can be justified by the fact that you will have another meal. I will return again for the appetizers and drinks. Their "house" chardonnay is very good.  I love their mussels and can order that every time.There is a limited number of places on Long Island where you can have dinner and see this view, so it's a must go-to place for visitors. Hope that helps!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,7/27/2012,198,160,3,3,5>I had a great time at Kabul with the Gastro Tour gathering #2.  Great service and the food was AahHhmazing, Delicious, Good...anything positive you can think of.One of our Gastro Tour member is a regular at this restaurant that he gave us details of each meal that came out. The size of the restaurant is quite small, but I am not sure how often it gets pack so maybe it's a good size. The decor is lovely.  I hear on Friday is the best time to go eat there (I think he said it is happy hour. I am not 100% sure on that) You're able to make reservation...well I heard YOU SHOULD make reservation because on Friday evening it can get busy. After experiencing this place, I was already thinking I am definitely going to come back here. Especially, their brown rice---SOOO GOOD!Starters/Appetizers:1) HOUSE SALAD - Typical House salad - Fresh greens, so that's a plus2) AUSHAK: Thin Pasta filled with leeks and spring onions sprinkled ontop with a mixture of meat (beef) sauce, garlic-yogurt, and mint. (this is definitely one of my top list to get. The beef sauce made it delicious. 3) BOLANI KADU: Turnover filled with over famous pumpkin which wasprepared with our homemade honey. 4) Fried Potatoes (they had the special made for my bf because he doesn't eat beef, so he wasn't able to eat the Bolani Kadu) - My bf loves fried food and loves potatoes so if you put this together, than you just made someone super happy.Entrees:1) CHALAW DAHL: Yellow split peas prepared into a stew with fresh tomatoes, onions, garlic and savored spices served with traditionally seasoned white rice.2) QUABILI PALAW: Chunks of seasoned lamb tenderloin baked under awonderful mound of traditionally seasoned browned rice covered with julienned carrots and raisins. (this was my favorite dish. The lamb with the rice goes so well together. The only thing I would take out is the Raisins. I am not a total fan of that. Also, I was eating this with Lentils.You can eat the Lentils with the Naan/pita bread that they provide. SO GOOD)3) MURGH SUMORUQ: Chunks of chicken breast set into a zestful dressing of our homemade yogurt blended with mustard sprinkled with mushrooms and dried mint served with traditionally seasoned white rice.4) KABOB MURGH & KABOB BARG COMBINATION: The best of both; moist and tasty chunks of tender chicken breast and delicately delicious beef cubes marinated in our special marinade, threaded on skewers with pieces of vegetables char broiled then sprinkled with dried grape leaves "SUMAC" and served with traditionally seasoned browned rice.5) KADU Sauteed pumpkin topped with yogurt and meat sauce (you may think this sounds not so good and may not look appetizing, but don't judge the book by its cover. You should definitely try it - you won't regret it.Dessert: Out of the two desserts, I enjoyed eating the Firnee. You also can eat the Firnee with the rice pudding together. A few mentioned it taste better.1) FIRNEE: Almond and cardamom cream pudding mixed with corn flour sprinkled with blended pistachios. Served chilled2) RICE PUDDING: Soft rice cooked with a blend of our homemade honey and milk flavored with pistachios and cardamom. Served chilled.Thanks to Nicole and the Owner for picking out the dishes for all of us to try.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,7/26/2012,341,504,5,6,5>This just might be my new favorite golf course on Long Island! From start to finish you are treated like royalty.The bag drop is staffed by very professional young men whom are eager to take your clubs. The driving range is very clean and you get a generous serving of golf balls for $5.The pro shop, albeit small, is sufficient to take care of your needs. The locker rooms are clean, spacious and have a wide variety of toiletries for your pre and post golf hygiene. The bar (19th hole) is staffed by servers whom have really heavy hands. The wine pours must be 10 ounces! They also have a good selection of craft beers on draft. The macaroni and cheese is quite decadent and I recommend having some if you have time. While at the bar, as for Joelle, tell her I sent you.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,7/25/2012,285,275,3,7,4>My go-to place for wine and liquor.  In comparison to many other local liquor stores, their wine selection is impressive!  I'm by no means an oenophile or wine expert, so I will usually ask the staff for recommendations.  They are always on point and they really know wine.  And they won't try to sell you a bottle just for the sake of it.  There are always sales for various bottles going on (prominently displayed at the entrance).  **If they don't carry a particular wine you want, just ask and they will likely order it for you.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,7/24/2012,161,498,10,12,10>I don't know what goes on the other 6 of the 7 nights of the week at Schafer's, but I know that on Saturday nights, they have a dueling pianos from 8-11pm... and then it turns into a straight up DANCE PARTY!Let me elaborate: Dueling pianos are great addition to the scene in Port Jefferson because it's live music that's fun and they don't charge a cover! They take requests and provide great entertainment while bevvying up at the bar. 'Tenders are friendly and pour with a heavy hand.Get your drinks in during this time because at 11 a DJ starts spinning, and you better be ready to MOVE! The crowd is mostly people in their 20s, and the DJ will mostly play Top 40s tunes, but I'll take it! Mainly because prior to Schafer's, the only place where you could break it down on Main St. was Port Jazz... where you have to pay a $10 cover just to be surrounded by... people... not... in... their... 20s. (Anyone who's ever been to Port Jazz knows exactly what I mean...)
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/23/2012,383,272,1,5,2>two words: fish tacos.  excellent extremely meaty portions of lightly crunchy white fish in a soft taco shell with a cabbage slaw, tomato chunks and a tangy chipotle sauce. unfortunately they don't serve them with lime unless requested.  Newsflash Bubba's:  All fish tacos should be served with either lime or lemon! you can send me my gift certificate via email.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/22/2012,33,416,4,3,3>I had a different experience from the other reviewers. We ordered fresh & baked clams, calamari, oysters, fish-n-chips, swordfish, tilapia, shrimp jambalaya, and a lobster roll. No complaints about the food across the board. I tried a bit of all of the entrees and was satisfied.What makes this place a four star experience over a three star experience is the location and scenery. You are sitting right next to the beach and can see the sunset.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/21/2012,14,18,2,5,4>Had this place for dinner tonight. We did takeout and ordered the following:-Shrimp Tails - Highly recommend them. They are soo delicious and relatively large in size.-Goi Cuon - Vietnamese appetizer I believe. This was also very good. Only thing - each roll is generally large but there is just 1 piece of shrimp in them. If you're ok with that, then I'd go for it. The peanut dipping sauce is absolutely delicious.- Sushi/Sashimi Deluxe - My husband enjoyed it. It was very fresh and generous in portion.-Spider Roll - Pretty standard but very fresh. A good roll to try.-Beef with Broccoli - delish. Beef was not overcooked at all, like a lot of other places. Very tender.Definitely will be eating at this place again. A very nice find in the Holbrook area!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/20/2012,14,98,,1,3>I was skeptical about eating here because it wasn't that crowded, however, it was a Sunday night so that may be expected here but I don't know.  Anyhow, service was great and I always felt they were aware of what was going on at our table although they couldn't see it.  The restaurant looks newly renovated an was very clean.  Lastly, the fish tasted very fresh and tasted as you would expect in a nice sushi place.  As a tip I had the wasabi shumai and all though it made me cry, I wanted more, so I highly recommend it.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,7/19/2012,21,3,2,6,2>Just got back from eating dinner in the "fancy" part of this pizza restaurant. I was with my husband and daughter, and we were in the mood for Italian food after a day in Manhattan. We went to 2 of our favorite places but both had wait times of at least 30 minutes, so we decided to give up on italian food and try the Diner.  As we were on our way, passing the Jericho Mall, I suddenly remembered the pizza place, and we made a quick turn into the parking lot; we were going to get our Italian food after all.  When we went in, there was no wait and we were seated immediately in the back part of the restaurant. It was quiet and set up beautifully, with white linen table clothes and a warm, but elegant decor. This was the place that should have had the waiting list, because once you are in there, you wonder why you thought of going anywhere else. Yet, it is off the beaten path and it might be easy to forget it's there.The bread, came immediately, and was warm and fresh. Our water glasses were filled throughout the meal. I ordered the Grilled Balsamic Chicken, and was not expecting the large plate of food they brought. A house salad came with the meal, but they gave me one of the other salads I had asked for at no extra charge. There was a light oil on the salad, which was somewhat tasteless, but the salad was so good, I didn't notice that too much.  When the food came, in addition to the huge portion of chicken, there was also a huge amount of fresh cooked vegetables, sauteed in butter. Everything was cooked perfectly, and was delicious and satisfying. I took home at least 1/3 of the meal. The service was excellent, with at least 2 waiters taking care of our table. And the prices were a bit cheaper than one would expect for this type of restaurant. We were all happy that the other two places had waiting lists, and that we didn't end up waiting.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2012,7/18/2012,113,382,2,3,3>Kosher on Centralthis is a meat place and I mean meat all aroundthis place was renovated not long agoits pleasing and simple interiorwe came on a weekday eveninga bottle of water, pickles and cole slaw were instantly placed on our tablenice touchmenu offers hearty meals such as friend chicken , and big sandwichesplus the usuals like fries,kasha varnishkas, creamed spinacha stand out is their homemade round potato kinish  decent sized portions reasonable prices on the sandwiches we loved our friendly waiter with a funny sweet attitude sadly he was the ONLY waiter which slowed stuff downthere was some sort of event being held in their other room so maybe that's why the slow servicebecause of the decent food  and the waiter we will be back
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,7/17/2012,116,147,4,5,5>This place is just completely adorable. From the moment I walked in I knew this eatery was right up my ally. Lined with windows, this cafe is cheery, wooded, and somehow kind of artsy. It's something that could be in the middle of a hoppin' little village (like Huntington), but sadly located in a lame-ish shopping center with boring, laundro-mattish, things around it.The food can only be described as YUM CITY. A piece of their sour dough bread saturated in their piping hot lobster bisque is probably one of the best things I've EVER eaten. I don't know if I'll ever be able to NOT get the lobster bisque but my best friend swears by the butternut squash soup.The menu (soups, salads, and sandwiches mainly) is pretty large for such a small venue and the service is quite literally, with a smile. Plus it's cheap! One kind of funny thing though... there's a sign with their hours hanging up that says "New Hours Starting Sept. 15, 2007."That's right. 2007. Comic relief included, I highly recommend this place!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2012,7/16/2012,5000,690,3,13,5>Lourdes Mexicano is the former Taste of Mexico. More on the main road in Oyster Bay they have changed their name and moved and are across from Homestead Restaurant.  They stated they have the same owner just a new landlord. I went in and found very ethnic appearing Mexican food. Rice, beans, plantains, pork, burritos etc...Tried a beef taco..... and asked them for a hard shell not the usual soft... so they fried a few corn tortillas while I waited and used one for mine.The guacomole was ridiculously fresh and good... made it fresh ... cilantro, tomato, salt, onion, but not fresh lime.... (a bottle of what looked like fake lemon juice!! I detest sodium benzoate in my seasonings! so I mentioned it to them.... lol)  btw - the owner tells me they are back to using only fresh lemon! They are awesome! : )They are very good cooks!!I liked this place for some reason..  Early 6 am to 11 pm... rain or shine they said. Interesting! their customers are mostly South American laborers and they have a loyal following...Took it to go.... The women behind the counter seemed interested in new customers... Always glad to try something new...  I have to say the taco's surprised me!lourdesmexicangrill.weeb for now.. will update when the full site is up.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,7/15/2012,24,194,1,6,4>Can not believe I've lived on Long Island my whole life and never experienced the glory of Lido Beach. We came on Memorial Day and I could not believe how small the crowd was! Lots of beach space and no one bothers you. The sand is soft and the beach is clean. There's a playground and showers available. I don't think I'll EVER go back to Jones Beach after this. Amazing!!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,7/14/2012,62,240,3,5,3>One of the benefirts of living on Long Island are some of the best beaches in the world.  TOBAY is right up there.  Less crowded than most ocean beaches, open to residents of the town with a $50 purchased season car sticker.  Non residents can pay $10 (I think) each occasion. OK  snack bars, there are two full-on restaurants inthe parking lot - a seafood shack and a salsa (mexican? spanish? place.  I have not eaten at either. The beach is CLEAN, nto a far walk from the parking lot, you do have to walk thru the tunnel under Ocean Parkway. It's beautiful.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,7/13/2012,169,309,5,8,7>My love/hate relationship with $tarbucks fuels my desire to seek out better, more wholesome cafes. Roast is a welcomed addition to almost nonexistent cafe culture on long island. It's easily overlooked do to it being small and nested in front of an unpopular bank on the main drag of Patchouge. Their coffee is good and their tea selection makes this tea snob overjoyed. All of their teas are loose leaf from serandipitea (a fantastic LI based company) and can all be sniffed from tiny jars. There are at least 30 varieties of tea so you can waft till your hearts content. Surprisingly, the staff seems to know how to brew a good pot by varying water temperatures for greens and blacks. If you sit down with a pot, just make sure to take the strainer out after a few minutes or it will get bitter. Their chai tea lattes are what dreams are made of. Frothy and smooth with just the right amount of spice. The scones are flavorful but border on dry and crumbly the last time I had 'em. In addition to the other food stuffs, the healthy oat/cereal options are a perfect compliment to a tea themed brunch (yes, it's possible here). If you ask nicely, someone will even give you a big container of almond milk to go with it. Seating is limited, especially on a weekend so be sure to be proactive about claiming your territory. Uncomfortable eyeballing, awkward shuffling and claiming seats with your personal goods is certainly not out of the question here. Protip: Unless you're fabulously artsy, a recently divorced 40-something member of the green party or a teen that enjoys dressing like a Gothic Japanese Lolita steer clear of open mic nights. The crowd is eclectic and down right depressing, especially when the melodramatic poetry starts getting read.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,7/12/2012,301,223,3,5,3>I can only write on the Indian food here since I didn't go the fusion route. I've heard the Indian food is delicious here, and on this Friday night, my friend was dying to come here since her craving needed to be fulfilled.This is a small restaurant for outside of the city standards, standing alone in this seemingly residential neighborhood. We got a table right away but soon after 8pm there was one long line. There was pretty ample street parking but come later dinner time, I'd probably call to make a reservation since the line was long when we left. Food:We skipped the apps and went straight for the main event.Butter chicken: Buttery but not greasy with good, complex flavor. Ginger Chicken tikka-ish: So I ordered chicken tikka but the guy was insistent that I get the ginger chicken. In fact, at times, he seemed to not give me a choice.  The ginger chicken was delicious but I was really craving chicken tikka. It came loudly sizzling like fajitas and tasted delicious though. The waiter brought me out  a side dish of tikka masala sauce to put with it, but when I poured some on the ginger chicken, he stopped me like I was committing a crime.Garlic naan: Good standard naanBoth dishes were incredibly flavorful and well-made. I would come back here if looking for good Indian food. Desserts:The desserts left me kinda disappointed. The rice pudding was room temperature which made me question it. The waiter assured me that it was correct temperature but it still weirded me out, having dairy afterall. On the contrary,  the Gulab Jamun was incredibly hot like they just microwaved the crap out of them. They weren't sitting in that yummy syrup as I expected.Overall, this was a great place. Everyone was incredibly friendly, almost aggressively friendly. Every 5 minutes, someone was asking us if we needed anything or asking if we liked the food. It was reassuring but also a bit too much. I'm new to Long Island living, so I'll be on the prowl for some good Indian food competition.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/11/2012,280,325,9,8,9>As a native of the Philippines I was born a natural mall rat. For those not in the know, the favorite past time of the fine residents of Manila is to meander around the air conditioned shopping centers with no real intention of purchasing a product. Our national sport involves grazing through the many food stands, munching on cheap tasty morsels from fine food places, and socializing in the food court. We take pride in housing the world's third largest mall, the 407,000 square-meter SM Mall of Asia.While the Broadway Mall pales in comparison to the size and grandness of the Mall of Asia and it's closer neighbor, Roosevelt Fields, it's an understated nice little shopping center.The ground floor contains all the stores essential for any woman's wardrobe such as H&M, Express, Old Navy, American Eagle's, Charlotte Russe, and a huge Forever 21 that does not have as much traffic as the one in Roosevelt Fields. The Broadway Mall also has a huge bright and clean Target , a huge Macy's, and the best Ikea store on Long Island. There are two soft play areas for your little imps; one located in the modest food court on the 2nd floor and one in the Macy's Wing by Champs and Famous Footwear.There is a movie theatre on the 2nd floor which is apparently pretty decent and offers $7 Tuesdays.Stepping in this mall on the weekend is like stepping into Roosevelt Fields on a Monday morning. There are no huge masses of people blocking your way as you try to move around, making shopping/browsing a more peaceful experience. This is a very welcomed change of pace for someone who hates being in big crowds and who is still healing from the scars from fighting to get the last small blouse on the rack.It's not eye catching or particularly impressive in scale or feature. But it gives you what you need: a fun mall experience without the hassle or the suffocating crowds.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,7/10/2012,12,108,1,7,4>The Mill Pond House has a great location and view.  One of the very few restaurants on Long Island with a water front view.  The Mill Pond House is located on Rt 25A on a quiet section of Centerport Harbor separated from the main part of the harbor by a mill dam.  No boats, no marina, no jet skis. The restaurant has a very nice outdoor deck and an inside area with large windows so you can be in the air conditioning and still have a nice view.Aside from the great views, the food and service was very good.  I have eaten there for lunch a few times.  The menu offers very good choices and a three-course, price-fixed lunch menu that is very reasonable for the quality of the food and service.  Valet parking is provided and needed as they are on a main road on a curve with no street parking.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,7/9/2012,95,270,,4,3>This is where I go for Italian on Long Island.  It's the sauce. I adore it. We started coming here when the kids were small because it was the only tomato sauce they would eat. Today, they actually make Vincent's Kids Sauce- A smooth thick tomato sauce, no chunks, no green stuff, no garlic. Perfect for finicky eaters. They sell all their sauces at the counter by the jar or case which is great because it's much less expensive than in the supermarkets. My favorite dishes are the Linguini and White Clam Sauce, Frutte Di Mare,Chicken Cutlet Parmigiana,Rigatoni With Broccoli Rabe and Chicken,Fried Calamari and the Meatballs,Sausage and Pork in Sunday Gravy. For desert try the Homemade Napoleon. The only reason Vincents is not getting a 5th star is because of spotty service. I have been coming here for 20 years and sometmes you get really great waiters and other times you get mobster, wanna-be, Goodfella waiters. I don't have the patience for their arrogance.  I keep going back because the food is soooooo good!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,7/8/2012,238,372,3,10,4>I really can't remember the last time I had this kind of a dining experience on Long Island. If you haven't been to the Eatery at Tullulah's, you need to go, NOW. You also need to be prepared to NOT spend a lot of money and to bring your own wine/beer/champagne for a measly $3 corkage fee - here are the details:Food: + Duck Duck Goose / Breast / Bacon / Foie Gras. $15. This absolutely fantastic, the duck was done closer to medium well as opposed to medium which is the way I prefer it or even a hair under medium but it was still absolutely fantastic. The goose foie gras was a large enough piece to add a buttery flavor to every bite of your duck. The bed below was large, firm soybeans with bacon.+ Burrata / Truffle Oil / Balsamic Glaze  / Toast. $10. Some of the best burrata I've ever had...if you don't know what burrata is, think of bufala mozzarella meets ricotta cheese. It's kinda a mixture of both...originally the cheese is made with some cream. NOW, mix this with truffle oil, a really sweet balsamic glaze and VERY CRUNCHY DONE LOWWW AND SLOWWW toast...you've got yourself one of life's simple pleasures. Bread. Oil. Cheese. OMG was this amazing.+ Mussels / Caramelized Pearl Onions / Black Garlic / White Wine Cream $12. Before you start eating your mussels, take your fantastically low and slow cooked bread and DUNK them / SUBMERGE them in the cream broth. Then, while you're devouring your mussels, it'll be soaking and by the time your done, enjoy the bread. Top 5 mussels and broth I've EVERY had. BUTTER & CREAM are the winning ingredients in this broth. You'll see what I mean.+ Pan Seared Scallops / Black Plums / Mache / Blood Orange Gastrique. $14. The scallops were fantastic - they were perfectly pan seared with a nice caramel-esque finish with the scallops being nice and moist that basically fell apart. Wow. The mache and blood orange gastrique were a great combination however I don't think the plums really did anything for this dish. If you had a bite of the plum with the scallop, the barely sweet/tart/crunchy plum from a flavor perspective didn't match the scallop...I do like the mixture of textures but to me, the plums just didn't belong. It just kinda felt like they were thrown on the dish...love the creativity but again, didn't pair with the scallop IMO. Still a great dish though!+ Cast-Iron Roasted Chicken Breast / Grilled Peaches / Spring Greens / Candied Walnuts. $13. The chicken was the moistest I've ever had in a VERY long time in a restaurant and I gave them a lot of props for this. It was slightly undercooked and cooked through by the time it arrived on your table. Furthermore, it was so succulent and paired really well with the greens and candied walnuts!!! They got the cast-iron roasting process down really well! Thumbs up! However, my one critique on this dish would be that the peaches didn't pair with the chicken. I would've preferred a starchier item like a sweet potato which I think would pair better or perhaps fingerling potatoes which are buttery and smooth...the peaches just didn't fit flavor wise kind of like the plums + scallops.Dessert:+ Chocolate Chip Waffle / Maple Syrup Bacon French Vanilla Ice Cream. $8. We devoured this faster than I could take a proper picture!!! HAHAHA This was amazing...you have to order this folks. They were actually waffle sticks which had a great chocolate-y ness to them. The bacon, maple syrup and FV Ice cream was a SUPERB combination. I WILL BE copying this STAT.Fermented Grape Juice:+ This all paired quite well with One Woman Winery's 2010 Gruner Veltliner. They are the only ones on LI to make the Gruner and it was a fantastic choice!Service:++ I'm giving 2 pluses because Corinne our waitress, was that awesome. Talk about being friendly, courteous, prompt, flexible, always smiling and knew EVERY dish on the menu. You should go there and sit with her, she really is that awesome!!!! I really wish so many other waiters and waitresses on LI who sport some snotty 'tude, would take after her and lose their snotty attitude...:(. She should be a model of how service should be in a classy yet casual place like this...Why this place is absoulutely AMAZING:+ $3 corkage fee unlike $20-25 that many other places charge you. BYOW (w=whatever)+ The service is on-point and is VERY attentive. FANTASTIC.+  It's on a side street with plenty of parking and in fact is steps away from a large parking lot.+ The decor on the inside is rustic, modern, comfortable, and romantic.+ It's not very expensive at ALL! They encourage you to try lots of things and SHARE+ It's ALL tapas and that's it and the sizes of the dishes are perfect, not small and not overtly largeI really don't know why it took me so long to go here, I'm glad I did.*They have very limited seating and the place is EXTREMELY popular, you may have to wait 45-1 hour like we did. WELL WORTH EVERY SECOND OF THE WAIT!THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,7/7/2012,388,116,6,8,6>YUMMY!We double dated at Lawson's with a fellow food-lover who recommended it.  When I arrived, he had a bottle of white wine for himself. To my surprise, not because he was about to get smashed at dinner, but rather because it was $20 a bottle. Let me repeat, they have $20 bottles of wine! ALL THE TIME! That right there could get me coming back.FIRST thing I noticed when they sat us, was that ALL the tables were wood. Ours was cloth covered.  Knocked on it, not wood, it was actually a little folding table they had set up. It was rather quite squished. NOTE TO OWNERS: Dinners do notice that they are sitting at a folding table. BUT I'd rather be sat at a folding table then to have not been able to indulge in the menu I was just sat for. On to dinner. For appetizers, we ordered the Taco trio (which I didn't love any of them, but the rest of the table did), Calamari (obviously, anyone seeing the trend that we get it WHENEVER it's on the menu), and the LP clams. All was GREAT. Calamari was a little salty, but it was actually paired very well with the cilantro aioli. Dinners we had: Trofie (lobster in a pink sauce over pasta), Orecchiette (broccoli rabe and sausage over pasta), Branzino and a chicken flatbread special. Everything was AMAZING! I can say this, my boyfriend is a big guy and the size of his chicken flatbread special didn't compare to ours. It almost looked more like a lunch portion. Good thing I only ate a quarter of my pasta! Dessert was an awesome part too! For $3 each, we ordered an array of little taste like desserts.  Our favorites were the Crème Brulée Spoons and the Tiramisu. I hope I hear of a pre-fix or that they participate in LI Restaurant week. We will be back! Hopefully at a regular table too!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,7/6/2012,96,146,9,10,9>What does EDO stand for anyway?  Excelent, delicious, and outstanding? Well it should be, because those are three words that describe EDO to a T!I heard great things about the place so I decided to make an order.  I went to the website which allows you to place an order online. Gotta love the hi-tech world!  Not sure if it was the browser I was using, but I kept getting an error message after I added something to my order.  I decided to just call the order in.There are about ten spots in front of EDO on Merrick Rd.  I know this is primarily a take-out restaurant, but I was surprised how miniature the inside was.  There are only like four tables (one of which was being occupied by the owner's kids.)  My order was ready in about 15 minutes and not only do they accept the usual credit cards, they except the Discover card!There were two men making the rolls at a sushi counter.  I love watching them create edible masterpieces!  I went for the full package.  Soup, salad, app AND two sushi rolls.  For around $16 bucks, I got all the above. When I got home, I unpacked the bag and was impressed that the salad dressing was in a cup rather than just mixed into the salad.  I started with the miso soup, which was a pretty large cup.  The salad came next and the ginger dressing tasted great!  Different, but great. It had more of a tomatoe-y essence.   Next was the appetizer which was called Kani Su.  It was large chunks of crabstick, in a vinegar sesame dressing sprinkled with what I assume was roe.  It was so freaking good!  I ordered the Salmon Skin and Eel Avocado rolls.  I was getting full but I needed to taste them.  The hit was the salmon skin roll.  It had a smokey, BBQ flavor that I had not tasted in any other salmon skin roll I have ordered.  It was my favorite.  The whole meal tasted so fresh as if it was prepared at your kitchen table!I give this place two thumbs up.  I like the option that rather than white rice sushi rolls, you can request brown rice.  That is a perk I haven't seen at any other sushi place.  I wanna order again!  Is two times in one week too much?
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,7/5/2012,308,650,,5,2>What is a vegetarian doing writing a review for a place called Mr. Sausage? Well you might be surprised to find out that they have an incredible amount of vegan/vegetarian friendly items. The grilled portobello heads are amazing and so are the stuffed peppers. They have really good rice balls as well. They also have all of their handmade pastas frozen ....all you have to do is boil them up and add a little sauce (which they also sell too) and  enjoy! So many different varieties. You can also order a hero of your choice from here. I haven't tried anything yet but you know i'll be back to try those portobellos in sandwich form with a lil mozz.Yummy!It isnt cheap but you pay for quality like this. Worth every penny.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,7/4/2012,62,198,3,5,4>Diwan is a very well rounded place for Indian cuisine. Inviting decor inside, easy to find location, ample parking. Prices are pretty reasonable and the portions are large. Knowledgable and friendly staff and good service, not rushed, not slow, very well paced.The samosas were good, doughy but crisp, with a nice filling. The chicken tikka masala was very good, rich but not too oily. The chicken korma was good, but it lacked a little something, could have used more zing, maybe more of the saffron kick. Good basmati rice, excellent garlic nan. Finished off with the Indian rice pudding, which was really tasty. I will definitely return to Diwan as I love Indian food and it's so hard to find a really great Indian place on Long Isle.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,7/3/2012,63,191,7,7,6>Best BBQ on Long Island?  You bet your sweet Al's it is!Best apps.  Haystack of onions is so sweet, crunchy and tangy, it has it all.  Burnt Ends?  They got em.  Tender beef tips in their tangy original sauce, over fried onions, awesome.  Fried pickles?  They fry the spears instead of chips like they do down south, but either way these are always awesome.Platters?  Pulled pork, spicy sausage, chicken breast, all the greats, with a chunk of corn bread, choice of 2 delicious sides.  These you can get the classics, corn on the cob, collard greens, sweet potato fries, baked beans, coleslaw, you get the idea.  Of course they have ribs, ribs, and more ribs.  That's not a joke by the way.  In the combo section of the menu it says "Ribs & Ribs" or "Ribs Ribs & More Ribs".  I don't even want to know how many ribs that is, because just the straight up ribs should cover it.Also some great hush puppies with some sweet maple sauce that really complements it.And you can finish it off with some great apple pie crumble.  There are other things on the dessert menu, but after you try this, you will wonder why.The one downfall may be the brisket platter.  1 time out of 3 it was good, still not great, but good.  The other 2, dry and tough.  Skip it.Wrap Up;I notice some reviews on here are comparing it to BBQ joints of the south saying it doesn't measure up.  Of course it will not stand up to them.  That's like saying a bagel in Nowheresville Iowa should be as good as one from Murray Hill.  The comparison doesn't even makes sense.  So this place is not as good as the south, so instead of the drive to Bay Shore, let's just go to Memphis.  But when it comes to other BBQ joints in the area, it's like men amongst boys.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,7/2/2012,52,121,2,7,4>A hidden gem. It's located inside a Golf course on the water. We stopped in the bar before dinner and had some nice martinis. Bar was nice enough to come back and just have drinks. Sat for dinner with a view of the sound. There are tables outside but it wasn't warn enough to sit outside. We had French onion soup, and salad for starters. Both very good. We had Skirt steak and Pot pie for mains. Both we agreed were very good. At the end of our meal the owner came by and introduced himself and wanted to make sure everything was good. Which it was. Give the place a try, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,7/1/2012,58,74,3,4,6>obligatory all american reviewthis place is great, perfect place to stop after the beach or just to grab a burger and fries on the cheap.  prices are comparable to chain fast food burger joints, but the burgers are a little better and the FRIES ARE A MUST!!!  i am lactose intolerant, but the shakes get raves from my friends and family.  If you are visiting the south shore of long island from somewhere else, you should put this on your list of places to go.  inexpensive, VERY cool, quick and cool.  while there is nothing extraordinary about "all american" (except the fries, they are THE BEST around) there is something about this place that makes it a true landmark.  if there is a long line, don't get discouraged;  they are really really good at dealing with the volume.  don't be shy, work your way towards one of the middle 2 cashiers.  you'll place your order in mere seconds and you will be eating the best fries around moments later.  i've seen lines out the door and still had my food in under 3 minutes.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,6/30/2012,27,196,1,12,4>Just got back from a family dinner at this newly opened restaurant and it exceeded all of our expectations.  This place hasn't been opened for long, but it is clear that they are running a good operation.  Every member of the staff we came in contact with was friendly and helpful.  The hostess was smiling and cheery; our waiter was patient and cordial; and the bartender had a great sense of humor and made good strong drinks.The ambiance in this place was surprisingly warm and welcoming.  It's tastefully decorated with various New York City themed paintings, a beautiful waterfall behind the bar, and a subdued, but eye-catching, dark green coat of paint that comforts you as you enjoy your meal.  There are also televisions located throughout the restaurant just in case you want to watch football or baseball.  The restaurant is located inside a small strip-mall, so it can be easy to miss.  Therefore, you must keep an eye out for the really creative "crazy bull" logo that adorns the awning outside.  Also, the industrial ceiling is awesome and really adds a nice touch.We started off with the stuffed artichoke dish as an appetizer and it was delicious.  The bread crumbs were seasoned perfectly and there was just the right amount of garlic.  I ordered the fagottini di pollo for my main dish and I can't stop thinking about it.  It was a really wonderful meal and the flavors were mouthwatering.  The puff pastry that sits atop the actual chicken was amazing.  The doughiness of the pastry and the tenderness of the chicken are a perfect match.  My meal also came with mashed potatoes and spinach, and these sides were excellent as well.  Of course, there's no better way to finish off your meal than with a nice cannoli, made to perfection.  I really can't believe an Italian restaurant like this exists in Nassau County.  This place has the potential to really be something special.  Toro Pazzo is NOT your average run-of-the-mill Italian restaurant which is really a pizzeria in disguise.  This place is fine dining at its best.  The prices are reasonable, the portions are perfect, and the staff is great.  I would recommend this restaurant to couples looking to have a romantic dinner, families with children, a group of friends looking to get a beer after work, or anyone who just wants to have an excellent dining experience.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,6/29/2012,273,306,3,9,3>I've now visited a handful of times and it's one of my new favorite places in Massapequa! The owner is a really nice guy, and all of the staff are wonderful! My best friend and I popped in on a Saturday night around 8pm and there was no wait! We each had a cocktail and then decided to share some food. We ordered the pulled pork burrito, order of chipotle BBQ wings, and the empanadas. We didn't even touch the empanadas and were so full! It ended up being around $20 for each of us! A steal! I can't wait to come again for dinner, the food is so delicious. But I also just enjoy popping in at happy hour for a $5 margarita!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,6/28/2012,83,85,3,10,2>The most affordable hot yoga classes in the area, this boutique studio is all about personal attention. The owner, Lara, is incredibly hands-on, and always looking to enhance the yoga experience by offering new classes like meditation and other services. She and her other long-time instructors, such as Christine and Laura, don't hesitate to adjust your sweaty self into proper alignment, making sure you get the most out of every class.The 6pm Tues/Thu power yoga vinyasa classes are delightfully challenging, with the only drawback being that new students will often not read the schedule and attend, slowing down the flow. Beginner classes are hot, hot, hot, and more about building tolerance and stamina in the heat than about constant movement. The ashtanga and vinyasa classes, held at 4pm daily and 8am and 10am on Saturdays and Sundays, respectively, are a great intermediate level class for those looking to make the step up into flow. Between the heat, music, dimness, and incredible focus, you reach a transcendental plateau through the buckets of sweat. It's a calming, cleansing experience that leaves you feeling wrung clean from the inside out, and feeling good about what you've accomplished. You leave feeling grounded, centered, and somehow converted to the yoga hoo-ha without knowing exactly when that happened.The class schedule is chock-full of times and dates, providing plenty of opportunities to check the place out. The $20 for your first unlimited week is a great deal, and a fantastic way to try out all the teachers before you commit.A warning to newbies: prepare to feel slightly nauseous and dizzy. Blackout spots in vision is common when you first begin to practice, and your stomach will be upset during backbends if you're not eating clean. You'll feel your toxins release and will feel progressively better as you keep on with it, so power through!Also, be prepared with a full-sized towel, generously sized water bottle, and mat. Mat rentals are available for $1, and Vita-Coco and water is for sale, though, if you forget.I didn't buy into the whole yoga thing and was just looking for new variety in my fitness regime, but this has been transformative and helped me get through heavy anxiety during a very difficult time. Plus, I stretch out muscles I didn't know I had; my shoulders are sculpted in a way they never were before; and according to my heart rate monitor, I burn 400-700 calories a session. Can't beat that!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,6/27/2012,14,48,8,12,6>Things to do before you hit up Minado;1. Go to the gym for 7 days straight a week prior2. Starve yourself for the whole day before coming3. Wear loose clothingCame here Saturday nite with the fam for momma dukes 60th bday. I know it sounds kinda trashy to go to a buffet for such a special occasion but that's just how we roll; and being that we went with a mob of  other ppl. everyone could eat what they wanted instead of picking from a set menu and let's just say no one was disappointed. At $31.95 a head tax and gratuity not included it was worth every penny. FYI for the drunks out there (myself included) they have beer and both hot and cold sake for an additional cost. Exceptionally good place for both sushi and non-sushi eaters: Your head'll spin when you see all the different option to choose fromHabachi Station: pick a protein, your choice of veggies, sauce and they'll cook it in front of u, from the grill str8 to your plateUdon noodle bar: Made to order; they boil udon noodles and u get to pick your own toppings like seaweed, fish cake, shrimp tempura, scallions and they pour hot broth over it and your good to goCold Stuff: Different types of salads, peel and eat shrimp, fresh oysters on the half shell, at least a dozen types of sushi and sashimi and tons of specialty rolls both raw and cooked, you can also order hand rolls from the sushi guy behind the counterHot Foods: steak or chicken teriyaki, crab cakes, crispy shrimp in a mayo sauce, broiled salmon, kalbi short ribs, different yakitori skewers, shumai, dumplings, JUMBO prawns stuffed with a crab and panko filling, SO EFFING GOOD!!! A never ending supply of snow crab legs and these aren't the typical crappy quality crab legs that u tend to find at other buffets, they're HUGE succulent crab clusters that taste like they were just plucked from the alaskan sea, no exaggeration.I'm typically not a dessert fan but if your not in a food coma at this point make sure you hit up THE CREPE STATION; again made to order, they pour the batter and you get to pick your choice of fresh fruits, chocolate and whipped cream. If that doesnt satisfy your sweeth tooth there's a plethora of diff types of dessert tiramisu, carrot cake, cheesecake just to name a few. But my fav was the green tea soft serve ice cream I had about 3 cups of this shit, it was so addicting!!!Sorry about the long ass drawn out review but it's for the cheap asses that are second guessing if it's worth the price and trust me it definitely is. Do yourselves a favor and just GO!!!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,6/26/2012,28,124,1,8,8>So glad I sign up for Daily News promos because if it wasn't for them I would have never found out about this place. Don't get thrown off by the fact that it's attached to a Days Inn Motel. The restaurant area is small but cozy, and the bar area is lit in orange neon lights very chic. Decided to try somethind new for appetizer and me and my bf order tuna dumplings, they came in a spoon with avocado and spicy mayo, a great treat. I order the coco loco roll and the hicksville roll. The coco loco is by far my favorite. I am a huge fan of coconut shrimp and this was the first time I have seen a restaurant incorporate it into a roll. The pina colada sauce hit the spot, a MUST TRY!!!!Now that I know about this place I will be coming here more often.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,6/25/2012,48,137,1,8,5>Port Jeff Brewing Company is a welcomed addition to the craft beer movement that has taken place across Long Island. Though its tasting room is smaller than those who came before it, you will find the space is well utilized, appointed appropriately for its harbor side location and quite frankly homey. You could use the word cozy, but that implies the space is small or cramped, which it is not. From the red brick floors to the wooden bar shaped as a boat, the space invites you in to not only buy beer but also to stay for a while and enjoy yourself.I have had the opportunity to visit PJBC on several occasions and interact with multiple staff members. I find them all to be friendly and knowledgeable, providing prompt service, solid advice and always willing to strike up a conversation. You will also find the owner present as well as some of his family. Seeing a family operation always makes me more willing to patronize an establishment and promote it to friends and family. The family friendly vibe found its way right down to the tap with the addition of Birch Beer. For those of you who are there for the real deal ask to mix the Birch Beer with the Starboard Oatmeal Stout (S.O.S.) you'll thank me for it!At PJBC you'll always find the flagship brews such as Runaway Ferry IPA and Schooner Pale. Be sure though to stop in often so you don't miss seasonal and rotating beers like Boo Brew. So why are you still reading this review? Get to Port Jeff and see for yourself!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,6/24/2012,218,126,3,6,6>This is probably one of top 5 Italian restaurants in Long Islands! I have been here over a dozen times over the years, and never have I ever had bad service. They are always accommodating, whether it be a special occasion or if you're just in for the casual meal, they treat you all the same. Unlimited bread.... even if you protest is always a pleasure. THEIR PIZZA BREAD IS SO FLIPPING GOOD They refill your water glass promptly without ever asking. This kind of service is hard to find. They are def on their A-game! I love all their dishes, and would def recommend the ones I've had below:Antipasti: Zucchini Fritti, Calamari Fritti, Fritto Misto, BruschettaInsalate: Insalata Baci, Insalata Laziale, Insalata NapoliPizza: Pizza Margherita, Pizza AmorePasta: Penne alla Caprese, Tortelloni Delicati, Trittico al Bacio, Penne Ricche, Penne Fussi, Tortelloni Amore, Ravioli al Verde, Ravioli Riviera. Second Piatti: Calamari Fra Diavolo, Sausage & Pepper SicilianaThese are all absolutely scrumptious, and honestly almost whatever you choose on the menu I guarantee will be great! My personal favorite is the Ravioli al Verde from the Pasta section, in case you were wondering. Their calamari is also delicious!Their wine and drink menu is reasonable, and they allow tastes if you want to try something new. If it's a busy night of the week, thursday, friday & saturday during peak hours, I suggest getting a reservation a few days early. it gets VERY busy, but the quality of service is never hampered They even let my mother bring our own birthday cake for a surprise birthday celebration last year with no extra charge AT ALL, they even cut the cake for us AND packed the leftovers as well! I cannot say enough great things about this establishment!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,6/23/2012,76,188,,4,2>My family and I went here last week for the first time.  The restaurant was a little difficult to find - a real sign would be a plus.We sat down and were given sheets to fill out with our selections.  There was plenty of sushi and sashimi to choose from.  A bonus was the cooked items to order as well.  I saw short ribs on the list and couldn't pass them up.  Nor could I pass up a second order of them!The sushi all seemed fresh and was well prepared.  For the $19.99 all you can eat offer, this restaurant was very good.  We'll still go to our regular sushi restaurant because the quality is better, but we'll come back here for the occasional gauge.  I preferred this over Mindao.  It was substantially less expensive, the service was very nice and the food was much better.Watch out Sushi Palace - I'll be back!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,6/22/2012,63,314,3,4,2>So, this time, went for breakfast with the 'rents.I'll try to keep this one shorter then the rest.Breakfast, was great.  I used to have a go-to place, Mary Bill's, in Merrick, which unfortunately closed a few months ago, that was, in my opinion, the BEST breakfast place on the island, slightyl better then Thomas's and Maureens.  LCK did not disappoint.So, instead of the popcorn, you get a 'pastry basket', which was pretty clever, in ours we had 1 mini bagel, a scone, and 2 mini muffins, all of which were pretty good.  As for food, my dad ordered the Buttermilk Pancakes, (he's a pancake expert), my mom got the Berry Toast, and I got a 6 egg omlete, with tomato, red onion, american cheese, and bacon.  I'll start with the Berry Toast.  Surprisingly good, as I am not a big berry person, but my mom was in heaven with this, the toast itself was good, the berries were fresh, and a great portion.  As for the pancakes, when they come out, usually the thinner the better, as they are airy and light, and generally a better taste, and large ones are thick, no flavor and just plain heavy.  These are a great inbetween, but keep the nice airy consistency, and you can tell a good pancake when you go to put butter on the lower stacks, as they fold back nicely, and these did.  Very well done.  As for my omlete, wow, outside of knowing 6 eggs for one person is ridic, you just can not stop eating the omlete, it tasted great.  I gotta say though, the kicker, the yukon gold home fries that came with my omlete, the most surprising part of the meal, me and my whole family ate them before we ate anything else.Breakfast, a must go at LCK.  I gotta do lunch soon, then just continue to eat more of the menu.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2012,6/21/2012,62,89,8,7,7>This place is pretty good; I would give it a 3.5 if I could. Note for review: When I went here, they were having a BYOV (Bring your own Vinyl) night which explains the extremely loud music. I've been informed that most of the time Sip This is quiet.Typically you seek a chill and quiet atmosphere to enjoy a hot beverage and some dessert. Sip this is atypical (in a good way).When you enter, you are greeted with a clean and large (for a coffee shop) place that has bright colors and loud music (only loud 1% of the time, I've been told). They have a fine selection of coffees, teas, and espressos as well as cakes, cookies, and brownies. The prices are OK; in general the prices are more than Dunkin Donuts, but less than Starbucks.After ordering my Falcon's Fury, I sat down at one of the tables with my friends. The first thing you notice when you sit down is how close yet how far away your friends are because of the music. You have to shout at the top of your lungs just for them to hear you. I'm sorry, I didn't think I was in a nightclub (even for a supposed "BYOV" night, it was REALLY loud).After the couch table opened up, we proceeded to go there so we could enjoy some of the board games they have stored on a bookshelf towards the back; I really like this idea, I've personally never seen this in any other establishment and think they deserve some props for this. My friends and I were playing some rounds of tumbling towers (great game) while finishing our drinks and raspberry crumbcake. The crumbcake was meh, not warmed up enough (I requested it to be warmed up) and kind of hard or stale. One of my friends who usually eats everything in sight even turned down the crumbcake. I didn't really like my Falcon's Fury espresso so I gave it to my girlfriend (I'm not a big fan of coffee/espressos though). She had been drinking the White Knight and she admitted that she liked the Falcon's Fury a lot more and she is an avid coffee and espresso drinker.This place is different, it is atypical and I think this is what they're going for. But I want quiet when I go to a coffee place, not somewhere that is as loud as a club and makes my ears/throat hurt from the loud music/shouting at my friends to conversate. Even though it was only loud for this supposedly rare night, it was just so horribly loud that I wasn't able to get past that. Sip This just isn't my cup of tea. PUN SLAM, BAMMMM! But I do suggest that you try this place out for yourselves, it is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,6/20/2012,54,126,3,17,5>I'm a long islander so of course of love Robert Moses!  This is one of THE best beaches.  It is part of Fire Island National Seashore and is located at the west end of Fire Island.  I've gotten many great photos here.  I've included one taken in winter for a change and one in summer.   My favorite time to come is when tourist season is dying down at the very end of the summer.  Even as late as October is a great time to come.  The water is warm enough to put your feet in.  July and August are bad as far as crowds go but if your visiting here as a tourist then you won't be surprised.  Get here early is all I can say to avoid major bridge traffic.  Firstly you should take the walk to the lighthouse by going to Field 5.  You can access the beach here and then later on go for a walk or vice versa. But this is the field you want to be at.There are several paths that veer off into little side walks that take you to the further end of the beach. When you start walking further down it actually turns into Fire Island National Seashore instead of Robert Moses State Park. If you want some beautiful sunset shots come here after 6pm when it's free to get in and take your tripod and camera down to the lighthouse paths.  You can get some awesome shots, it's worth lugging your tripod, I do it all the time throughout the year.  The deer come out in the evening as well and in the fall months they really come out.  Please don't feed them though =DBe sure to bring your sunblock, water, a hat, a snack and good walking shoes if you plan on walking to the lighthouse.  The newer fake wooden path is better for walking with bare feet but I don't recommend it.You will have a great time here and the lighthouse walk is really great.  And please remember to keep our beaches clean ;)
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,6/19/2012,382,325,8,7,6>I finally had the avocado fries.  Lemme just tell ya'll....slammin.  Slammin.  If I had my way I'd have them compliment every meal in the world.  New beers on draught (can't go wrong with some delerium tho), live music playin a little country - little rock; fish tacos and some seared tuna lettuce wraps?  Not to mention the entertaining clientelle (yea, I'm lookin at you oddly shaped woman with the feathers in your hair).  And our waitress, Gloria, quick and easy - and not the dirty way.Speakeasy is on the list of "reasons you wanna go to Long Beach"
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,6/18/2012,128,336,2,2,2>Good BBQ, lively atmosphere and a decent house Manhattan (made with Jack). The BBQ was good, not the best BBQ but the best I had in the area.  I like how you have the option of ordering all white meat BBQ chicken and their sweet potato fries were fantastic.   The portions are huge so you can easily split it between two people (and I can eat). I enjoyed the band after dinner and that the bartenders have high elbows while pouring preparing drinks.PS: Might be obvious but do not order there wine, it was so spoiled that I almost had a gag reflex.  Stick to the whiskey and beers.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,6/17/2012,42,127,2,4,4>Fresh, reasonably priced sushi in a trendy atmosphere with a friendly staff. They have a  shrimp tempura roll better than anywhere else. Try out the special rolls, as well. I finally gave some of them a try a few weeks ago and they are amazing. They offer a wide variety with some of the most delicious flavor combinations.Sushi spots are rare to find in this area of the island so it's nice that Liki offers such a nice option.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,6/16/2012,2,17,3,14,4>I was devastated when I dropped my fairly new iPhone 4s and destroyed the glass screen.  The Apple store didn't have any appointments available that I could get to, and I wasn't sure what they would charge to replace the screen.I was SO pleased to come to this business and have my phone fixed in 30 minutes!  I dropped my phone off, went around the corner to a restaurant and had a glass of wine, and came back to pick up my phone - good as new.  The price was fair too.  He even recommended me a case to protect it, which I loved and bought right away.Anyway, if you want it fixed so you can pretend it never happened, go here!  It's quick and convenient.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,6/15/2012,149,241,2,8,2>This place is my kind of place. Fantastic food and great wine, right up my alley. I have recently been getting into this whole tapas craze and i love it. You get to try a bunch of different things and you can eat as much or as little as you want. I took my girlfriend here on a date night bc I've read and heard good things and what i heard/read was true to the T. Our server was very nice and very helpful in what choices we made and had plenty of recommendations. The decor is more rustic, lots of wood design going on( walls, tables, chairs), it's more simple and lets the food speak for itself. The lighting is low which creates a nice ambiance and a great overall feeling.We started with the Spanish Board which contains a variety of Spanish meats and cheeses with bread, almonds and a few others. It was fantastic, these boards are one of my favorites no matter where i go but this board could keep up with the best of them, YUM! Next we got some of the small plates.For the small plates we ordered the meat balls which were AWESOME! they were made with ground lamb and whatever spices they used were incredible, a must have if you come here. The empanada was lacking in flavor and was just mediocre, I'd skip it and try something else i don't mention bc it really was nothing special compared to the other things we ordered. The only other thing we ordered which i thought was just ok was the ox tail. I love ox tail and it was very good and classic in flavor but compared to the other plates it was just ok. Ok now time to talk about my favorite, I mean this dish was INCREDIBLE! It was the pork belly bocadillo, it has slow-cooked pork in chili-garlic sauce with pickled carrots and cilantro on house-backed roll. No joke i think it might be one of the best things I've ever ate. I can't stress this enough... PORK BELLY BOCADILLO!We also went with a bottle of wine. I didn't want to kill the bank which i assumed would happen with bottles, but their bottles are very reasonably priced. I can't for the life of me remember the name of the cab we chose but it was relatively inexpensive and delicious.I would highly recommenced you trying this place, it's food is fantastic and the taste assures you that the chef knows exactly what he/she's doing
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,6/14/2012,42,35,4,6,4>My first impression, yuppies. Yes this is a place where people come to be seen, however I knew this and that's why I didn't come for the bar experience. It was packed so im sure if you come drunk enough to get over the fact that it is packed with these type of people it could be fun. (I always wonder if yuppies read this and they admit to themselves that they are these people?) In my mind there are places that are just so fresh and cool that they don't have to advertise the fact that they are, then there are places that try to be those places. If I had to choose which side Four was on I would say it is leaning towards the latter. That being said I thought it was a good experience and I enjoyed my night there. It is definitely a nice place to bring a group of friends or go for drinks after work and maybe even bring a date if you want a more lively date.Ambiance: Definitely have to give props where they're do, this place looks modern, hip, different, and resembles a Manhattan restaurant as mentioned by other reviewers. The whole shtick is that each room resembles a different season, this isn't that noticeable but there are subtle hints here and there. Very cool vibe and luckily we were seated in a section away from the bar, this was key because if you are going just to eat on a weekend night it can be VERY loud, request a table away from the bar to lessen the noise. 4/5Food: The menu is supposedly modeled in accordance to the current season so the menu we got was "earthy" to resemble fall, this aspect could be done better but not a big deal. I had a prix fix and started with a flatbread, this was nothing special however it did serve its purpose and was good to snack on. Next up was the lobster that was delicious but then again lobster is always delicious in my mind. The lobster was already dismantled so I didn't have to do much work, which was nice, the sides could've been better because my potato was hard as a rock. The rest of my group enjoyed their main course as well. For dessert I had a cheesecake dish that was solid but again nothing special. Overall every dish was good, nothing really to complain about. You certainly won't be blown away by the food however and the menu can get a bit pricey. 3/5Service: The service was surprisingly very good, usually at a place that gets as packed as Four does I would assume there would be some problems but none whatsoever. My water glass stayed full so bravo to the staff. 5/5
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,6/12/2012,31,60,3,4,3>I went here again last night and, due to the weather, had to eat inside. Though I prefer the outside in the summer, the inside was very nice too. They are very good at creating a perfect atmosphere.First, the food. It was much better than the first time I went (and the first time I still extremely enjoyed it). The carbonara was especially noteworthy. The cavatelli with shrimp and pesto was delicious and the portion was huge! The veal milense was also very good and super tender. For desert, I had the tiramisu again (and was sad I had to give up spoonfuls to the other people at my table). I also tried their sugar cookie, white chocolate cannolli ...also delicious.I am always impressed with their service. The waitress was very friendly and attentive but not overbearing.I am already planning another trip and the dishes I want to try next.You can check out a ton of pictures and more detailed descriptions on my blog.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,6/11/2012,140,197,1,10,5>For many, food is food, but in my book, there is food and then great food.  And then in rare instances, there are food experiences that can't be missed.  Cuban Crocodile is that rare gem.  For a few months, this place had been on my radar to check out, courtesy of YELP, but the distance was factor me. Craving authentic, yet good Cuban food, i finally ventured out hoping the drive be worth it, and I'm not going to lie, i was hesitant. All I've got to say, from the first moment arriving at Cuban Crocodile, the decision seemed right and the evening only got better.  The owners did a great job decorating the place by keeping it simple, yet elegant.  The place was packed and I honestly felt the wait was going to be long, but we were seated immediately.  The menu consists of authentic Cuban food and I truly wish i'd come here when i was a bigger size, simply because everything looked amazing on the menu. Finally, we decided on Mariquitas! Mariquitas! as an appetizer and for the entrees, Caribbean Salad, Gamba's Al Ajillo, Pollo Ala Brasa, and of course, the infamous Ropa Vieja.  Wow, not expecting Mariquitas to be amazing, we were simply amazed at how good fried plantain slices could be and having lived in the caribbean for several years, now I regret not eating plantains there.  the garlic mojito sauce on the side complimented the plantains well.  All of the entree's were great, meanwhile the Caribbean Salad and the Ropa Vieja was just AMAZING...!  I honestly fell in love with Ropa Vieja a few years ago and thus far only a place in Annapolis, MD could satisfy me, but that was till now.  The rope vieja was soft, juicy, and simply so delicious, i had a hard time putting the fork down to come up for air.  The presentation was nice and was served with rice and beans on the side. Overall, the place is amazing not simply for serving amazing food, but their service is top notch.  The servers made frequent visits to the table to make sure everything was great.  The house manager (Christina, i believe) too stopped by to introduce herself and ask about our experience, along with some others, thus definitely showing care and dedication to the authentic experience.  The prices and the portion sizes are more than reasonable.  Truly, a great experience...!!!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,6/10/2012,108,40,2,4,3>My own little best-kept-secret: A little trick for those who are looking for a chill place to have a coffee meeting, go to The Living Room.  Every time someone suggests meeting me for a tete-a-tete at Starbucks, I steer them here where half the place looks like someone's house in Provence with big benches, large low round tables and tons of knick knacks.  They are always so surprised that such a precious place exists within the Maidstone (it is a restaurant within an inn).  There's something really pretty and bright about the place.  The eclectic decor really does look like someone's living room, hence the name with its traditional vintagey furnishings off-set by pop-art - the combination really makes me smile.  I love the rocking chairs on the front porch which overlook the town pond - instant stress reliever.  Best part is that the coffee is fantastic, no one rushes you, service is great (if a little haughty) and there's free WIFI.  Perfect for coffee with a friend or a low-key meeting.  I heart this place.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,6/9/2012,15,37,4,4,3>I was speaking with a friend from NOLA the other day and suddenly visions of jambalaya, gumbo, red beans and rice, and blackened catfish danced before my eyes until I couldn't take it anymore and dragged my husband out to Big Daddy's to get my cajun on. OK maybe dragged is the wrong word, because it hardly takes any convincing at all to get either of us into a place that serves hurricanes, sazeracs, and spicy southern goodness. And do you realize how difficult it is to find good cajun food in the northeast? If you do, then I recommend you check out this joint. They change their menu daily, and while I always find something good to eat, the Catfish Po Boy is a staple and remains my favorite dish here. Dressed. But no need to ask for it dressed, because that's how it comes. They also have drinks specials and I highly recommend the black cherry bourbon lemonade if they've got it. Otherwise, make mine a Zombie. Their Hurricanes somehow taste a little more like jell-o than when they mix them at the actual Pat O'Briens, but if you get the deluxe 3-rum version, it tones that down a bit. (What?? I like my NOLA-style drinks to be NOLA-style, thankyouverymuch - in other words, good 'n' strong.) I have yet to try their sazerac or bloody mary. This means I'll be back. Well OK, the tasty food also means I'll be back. Oh, and did I mention the portions? HUGE. We're talking ginormous. We're talking split one app and one entree with a friend or you'll be taking home leftovers for sure. Two visits ago we heard someone joke "hey, they should change their name to Big Portions! HAR HAR HAR!!" Hmmm. Maybe not. Doesn't have quite the same ring to it.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,6/8/2012,135,216,,4,3>An easy 5 stars for this beer lova. Definitely will be frequenting this place and recomminding it as I already have been to everyone.As you may have read there is a overwhelming amount of choices for beer. The waitress kindly offered to let us sample the choices we were considering. She was very helpful and attentive and ALL the staff seeemed to be happy and pleasant. It just adds to the enjoyment of your experience.After sampling some little shots of beer, me and hubs opted for the Golden Draak at around 10% alc/vol. SO good. Rich full bodied flavor but not overwhelming. Highly recommend if you decide to go!For food, I looked through the yelp reviews before going. Here is what we got:Hog Wings - two big chunky ribs that were juicy and delicious.Thai Mussels - this was a special that night and the mussels tasted fresh + the broth was spicy and good enough to drink. They offered to take the dish when we were done but we said no because we wanted to use our breads to soak up the extra broth. the Good Life burger - the seems like the first burger you need to start with as it is their signature one. the bun was moist and doughy the meat was juicy and the cheeses they add provide an interesting flavor that just makes it a well rounded burger with a little twist.Wedge Salad - sounds simple but this was so good. The lettuce was crisp and drizzled with blue cheese and bacon. The portion was huge and I had to take half of it to go - felt like a wuss as it is just lettuce but they give you so much! I got this as my entree but you could DEF split it.Overall the food is good, the beer selection is phenom and the staff is great. I cannot wait to go back. ALSO you will not break the bank. 4 out standing high quality beers, burger with fries, salad, two apps for $68 is not that bad.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,6/7/2012,17,105,4,5,2>Went here for the 1st time today. I got the new york dog and the chili dog. The quality of the hotdog itself is top notch. I have always been a Nathan or Hebrew national fan myself and I never thought boarshead made a dog this good, now I know. I did not go for the jumbo dog because I wanted to sample 2. The chili was good, not as flavorful as I thought it would be based on 1 of the reviews I read, but it was good with the flavor of the dog. The New York dog is what you would expect but the quality of the dog makes it stand out. I did not try any sides yet but I will next time. It is a small place and very very warm for me, not as in warm and cozy, sweat my butt off warm. If you are planning on going I would call ahead and get takeout and eat in your air conditioned car.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,6/6/2012,308,632,1,2,1>Good gelato shop located in the West End of Long Beach.  Nice atmosphere which makes it a good spot after a hot day at the beach.  The gelato selections are quite unique.  I had the toasted marshmallow and cookies and cream 2 scoop mix and it was really good.  Both had tons of marshmallow and cookies.One down fall its a bit expensive and theres no bathroom in the store.Besides the bathroom and the price its worth the trip.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,6/5/2012,58,219,1,21,2>Frantoni's has the best specialty slices on LI! By far my favorite lunch spot. The eggplant/ricotta slice is to die for. My buddy Mike swears by the Lemon Chicken square slice. Definitely a great pizzeria to go to with friends.  Me and my co-workers are regulars!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,6/4/2012,234,238,2,6,7>If your looking for Fresh Seafood this is a great place. They sell sushi grade salmon, tuna, and many more items to help do it yourself at home (I am not good at this yet). The fruits and veggies are also great and rather cheap. Yes John Farms is down the road, but the people there are just rude and annoying. The staff here is very nice. I love those Asian Pears and they sell many varieties of them. Yes expensive but so delicious. They sell many Asian beers and better prices than Super Markets. Lets just say when I am in the area I do come here and get some items.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,6/3/2012,186,337,3,7,3>My family and I dine here at least once a year if not more.  They offer delicious Northern Italian cuisine and some food is actually prepared table-side.  The service is always fantastic.  I love the Spadieno.  Delicious appetizer.  If they have it on special, please order the Rigatoni Genovese.  SO GOOD.  Dessert?  Go for the Strawberries Flambe or a traditional Tartuffo.  Cappuccino is delicious, too!Even when it's not on special I've asked them to make it and they have!  One of my favorite places to dine.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,6/2/2012,642,123,3,5,6>Add this place to the top of your "must eat at places in the Hampton's". Love this quirky little eatery on Montauk Highway in Hampton Bays. Looks like a dive, it is a dive, the food is fantastic. Try the daily specials, never can go wrong with these. Grilled Chicken Ceasar Salad is to die for. Add a Grilled Chicken Ceasar Wrap and you are on your way to gastronomy land. Yeah Baby !!! Just go and eat here, or get take-out...You will love this place. Fresh, Fresh, Fresh.........
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,6/1/2012,52,41,7,7,7>Not writing a favorable review for Micro Center is like a human being who needs oxygen saying something negative about air. If for whatever reason you use a computer and rely on one at any point in your day to day, this is the place to go. While I understand the Best Buy and Office Staple's of the world I'm turned off by their slick production and sixteen year old "professionals" who try to direct me on what I should buy and why. Realizing they probably have incentive pushing me towards one brand over the other coupled with the fact this kid was probably not born when I first started using a computer doesn't build the sort of confidence I need in speaking to someone about my computer needs. Micro Center seems to employ the kind of people you expect to talk to computers about. They're your unfriendly role playing acolytes who would rather spend time with a data chip then at a football game. They seem to not be the slightest bit interested in anything outside of a computer screen or computer related. I also have taken a specific liking to the decor of the place which is a bit sexier then a hardware junkyard last seen in Terminator Rise of the Machines. There are no over the top production and advertisements like at Best Buy. All I see are boxes and the computers the boxers come in. That's what I want in a computer store. I'm not going there to make friends. I'm going there to get my computer fixed so I can keep speaking to my friends on my own computer and that's where these guys come in.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,5/31/2012,37,154,4,8,7>Not being a great fan of Columbian food, I was a little hesitant in trying this restaurant but I have to say that after eating at Sabor A Columbia, it has left me with the feeling of wanting to come back for more. I loved this restaurant - from the moment I walked in to the moment I left.The decor was colorful, lots of "different" masks, pictures and interesting decorations to look at. No little "bread basket" to start you off, so I recommend ordering a couple of appetizers that were absolutely delicious and cheap!! The Empanadas (meat pies) were so flavorful and not greasy at all. They are served with this HOT sauce - I don't even like hot sauce but it was so good, I guess I do now. The Papas Cocidas (Boiled Potatoes) were just that, plain but SO good!!!For my main dish, I ordered the Pechuga Al Limon (Breast of Chicken with Lemon Sauce) and it is served with rice, french fries and salad. It was really good, not great, just a bit too lemony - so next time I may ask them to tone it down just a bit. This dish can also be made in a mushroom sauce. My husband ordered the Lomo De Cerda A La Parrilla (Pork Loin with Rice, Beans, Sweet Orange Plantain and Salad) He ordered it fried opposed to grilled and said it was "flavorful and tender, the dish to get!!"  Dessert, well, let me say this ...... you cannot leave without trying the Rice Pudding. Just no words to describe how delicious it is, probably THE best rice pudding I have ever had!!For authentic, great food in a restaurant that will have you planning your next visit before you leave, Sabor a Colombia is a place not to be missed!!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,5/30/2012,101,204,,4,3>Raging menu with too much to choose from. Similar to Eric's other restaurants you can expect the same: casual and eclectic setting, laid back knowledgeable waitstaff and the wonderful BYOB policy. try the cauliflower salad, baked clams and pork ragu pasta which was a 10. Steak is always at the top of my choice and the pork Is a close second along with the duck) What took me from a 5 to a 4 was the dessert, the tiramisu was more fennel than coffee and the ricotta cheesecake was too lumpy. Bring the linzer tarte and chocolate cake here Eric!! Excited for the large space and great location for future dining experiences.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,5/29/2012,698,2009,4,11,6>Prepare yourself to swoon.Wow.  I could begin this with my usual buildup but I want to get my point across so Wow it is...Mosaic is, as the name suggests, a collection of small items arranged in groupings that taken alone might sound odd, but when presented as they are, become mind-blowingly good.Dinner is five courses which change everyday for $60. The selections are interesting and presented artfully.  The servers are champs and really take pride in the presentation of the plates.Because there were so many elements at play, I apologize for not remembering them all.  We started with an asparagus, smoked Salmon, thin sliced cucumber and strawberry combo which was outrageous.  Following this, cinnamon crusted skate over roasted red beets - outstanding.  Next up was pork loin with an amazing slaw with some pistachios with a little apple sauce. Finishing the mains were a beef cut, banana pepper and red pepper reduction and a miso eggplant puree.As if that wasn't amazing enough, the desert section came out.  Mini chipwhich, decadent brownie, coconut rice pudding, and a few other things - that were just amazingly great.They have wines and beers available and all are reasonably priced.  The room itself is small, maybe 30 seats total.  Dark with candles on the tables and just the right noise level.  Yes there is a tinny speaker in the corner and really, you won't care about it as you will be too busy eating and swooning.  The chef / owner is present and comes by to see how things are progressing.Overall an amazing place and an awesome find.  GO!Parking in the front and side- it is hard to see from the road!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,5/28/2012,21,87,3,6,3>Full disclosure: I was invited to Seasons 52 for a food blogger pre-opening food & wine tasting, which I did not pay for. That said, if you're familiar with my reviews  you know that I'm going to tell you the truth no matter what.Decor: brand new building and a lot of care has gone into making this large restaurant actually feel "cozy". Lots of banquette seating in the dining area as well as the bar area.  Lots of warm wood tones, glass vases, and low lighting with visual separation of the different areas with partitions - think Houstons, but better. Private rooms available upstairs (gorgeous) and also in the back area of the main floor.  (Might want to scope out for your company's holiday party this year.)Bar: again, lots of banquettes so  you can dine in the bar area and still feel like an "adult" without balancing precariously on highboy stools.  The bar itself is a long oval with lots of comfortable chairs with backs, and in the middle of the bar is a piano with a live musician singing out tunes at just the right volume, with quirky modern classics like Katy Perry!  Lent a very nice, personable touch to have live music and they say it will be available every evening.Food: OUTSTANDING. Really, everything they served was perfect. AND  you would never guess that every dish they serve is 475 calories or under.  We finally have a classy restaurant where you can take clients or celebrate an occasion where they're not overloading you on butter and calories in every course, but the taste is still wonderful.  (In fact, they say they purposely do not cook with butter. Ever. )Flatbreads: crust was crispy and incredibly light, yet sturdy enough that the thing didn't collapse on the way to my mouth.  #1 was goat cheese & artichoke, #2 was shrimp and chipotle. Both were delicious and a great way to start off the meal.Amuse bouche:  crab meat on a porcelain spoon with pico de gallo and avocado mousse.  Just the slightest hint of heat, gone in a flash but enough to notice for a moment and kick this dish up a little.First course: Cedar plank salmon, scallop on a lemongrass skewer, golden beets.  Let me say this: I don't eat salmon.  But i ate THIS salmon. Not fishy in the least and the scallop was perfectly moist, tender, hint of lemongrass.  Loved it.Second course:  Salad that is presented with such flair that you'll hardly believe it's just greens with some accompaniments and truffle oil. (and who doesn't love truffles??). I'm not going to spoil the surprise, but we were all wow'd by the salad flair...Third: puffy pillows of goat cheese, and as the chef said, he wanted it clean so that your mouth would sing "tomato, basil, goat cheese, oh my!" and my mouth was indeed singing a happy little tune. Super creamy & tasty, decadent but clean.Fourth: Piedmontese steak & Quail with maple bourbon chipotle sauce served atop sweet potato mash.  wow!Wine pairings: they have over 60 bottles BY THE GLASS and are very proactive about making organic wines available, using smaller vineyards, and encouraging you to try wines that you've never tried before or creating  your own flights to learn which types of wines you really like.  Every single wine was paired flawlessly with the dishes at this tasting.  Bottles available as well...Desserts:  love the idea here of "mini-indulgences" - shot glasses that hold the likes of German chocolate cake, carrot cake, tiramisu, Peanut butter & choco mousse,etc.  (If you've been to PF Changs, you've seen these - but i hear it was actually Seasons 52 that started the trend a few years ago in their original Florida locations). I only had 2, but compared notes with others and everyone was rolling their eyes in food ecstasy.Bathrooms & Service:  restroom was clean, but then again I didn't go when it was busy or even open to the public. Service was impeccable, but again, this was a luncheon meant to impress, not 9 pm on a busy Friday night when servers can get in the weeds.  Still, every single server had a smile, hello, answered questions knowledgeably, and performed table service as if they had worked in a formal British household for years (good training!). Other Info:  THEY TAKE RESERVATIONS!  And they're open for lunch - I predict this will be the new fave of the local business crowd for client lunches as soon as it open, scheduled for March 26, 2012.BOTTOM LINE:  Go!  I can't think of any reason right now that you wouldn't want to...
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,5/27/2012,43,187,10,8,9>Dear Pete and staff of Phoenix,Sorry I've been the biggest Yelp slacker EVER.  LISTEN UP LONG ISLAND as I have never and will most likely not say this too often about an establishment out here.  YOU HAVE TO GO TO THE PHOENIX.  Depriving your tastebuds and tummy of such unique, high quality, tasty cuisine is as bad as:A.  Kicking a PuppyB.  Hitting an old lady with your car and then fleeing.C.  Spending your hard earned money somewhere else.Since it's opening in January I have made 5, yes FIVE visits.  Short of the one time I dined alone at the bar, (the bartender was lacking in service but I was sitting in a corner booth reading quietly), every meal has been filled with blissful foodgasms and smiling nods of approval, mouths too consumed savoring every bite as if it was a last meal.  Every person I've brought here, friends in the food industry, Manhattan CEOs,Huntington Village snobs, and regular LI locals, have fallen in foodie love and now understand why I've been so critical of the surrounding establishments.Sadly, the brick oven is shut down for the season due to the heat but it's a welcoming change as I hear a raw oyster bar is filling it's place.  Here's the Darcy rundown: * Tuna Salad: You may be asking yourself "why the hell did you get a tuna salad sandwich?" I have just three words for you; Pickled Jalapeno Relish. * Cheese Ravioli, Melted Leeks, Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, Butternut Squash Bur Blanc- This dish combines the three most important "T"s: Temperature, Texture, and Taste.  The Richness and creaminess of the Ravioli with the unique taste of the leeks and squash, bathed in a homey sauce with the surprise "CRUNCH" of the toasted pumpkin seeds.  It makes me want to curl in an oversized chair, throw blanket draped across me, a good book and a glass of vino.* Mussel Bowl, Beer Broth, Shallots, Fresh Herbs:  The ingredients were so fresh and oh so clean BUT if you are not a beer person, such as myself, the broth is super bitter.  Not a bad dish just not my cup of tea.Old Menu: * BBQ Duck Confit Pizza- Sorry for the teaser but I can't wait till its return.  Crack has to be less addictive I'm convinced.  After the first joyful, succulent bite I was hooked.   Super crunchy, light flat bread, cheese (maybe the Seven Sisters or Finger Lakes Bier Meck) melted to perfection over shreds of Duck with the greatest tasting BBQ sauce I've ever had.  Damn it now I want one.* Brussels Sprouts with Bacon:  My favorite veggie of all time elevated to yummy goodness with, just taking a guess, Worcester, soy, light seasoning and bacon.* Grilled Octopus with thin slices Yukon gold potatoes with a dollop of whipped cream and an olive reduction.* Braised short ribs:  Hi Heaven, it's I. Even though the dish I had is no more, Get the short ribs prepared any which way. * Spicy Meatball dish: small sized balls of meat in a sauce that'll give you a good kick in the pants served over a creamy polenta.To summarize, this is Darcy approved, fantastic array of small plates and interesting drinks (like Mead.....who the hell ever has Mead??) makes for great conversations, totally under priced (not complaining), chic decor and a friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Oh and unlike every business on the island, you can actually get real food there after 10PM.  Can't wait to try the new menu!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,5/26/2012,126,237,3,4,2>I've been coming here for years and I love the staff!  They know me by name and remember each member of the family I've introduced to their establishment!  But most importantly, their sushi is a grade above many restaurants in the Long Beach Area.  It's a hole in the wall type of place that makes up for it with great food.  We mainly come here for their sushi lunch special ($1 per piece of sushi) but dinner is good too.  Winning dishes in my book include Yaki Udon for noodles, salmon teriyaki for cooked fish, and the cruise ship for sushi!  Always beautifully presented!  If you're looking for steak or chicken, go somewhere else.I think if Himawari did a little bit of renovating (new chairs to start) they would really shine.  But who's paying attention to chairs when you're sitting right at the sushi bar, watching sports, sipping on plum wine, and enjoying an array of sashimi and maki?Go here!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,5/25/2012,47,91,10,7,5>Guilty Pleasure #43-Old Country BuffetI'll keep this short & sweet and break this place down by pros & cons-PROS:-$14 can get you an app, dinner, dessert & drink -ICEE Slushies-Awesome Salad Bar-Tons of booths -A good variety of food-The ambianceCONS:-Sometimes it's a madhouse here-The maze that is the register queue -The icky bathrooms-The ambianceSo if you are hungry and have $14 in your pocket-take a tylenol, put on your game face, leave your purse in the car and pile that food on your plate!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,5/24/2012,104,200,,5,4>A local gem with good service, good food and reasonable prices.Mim's has been around forever and even with the many restaurants on the North Shore, Mim's was packed on this Saturday night.3 different menus on the table was a bit confusing however we went for the early dining menu at $24.95 a person. There was also a dinner special menu and the regular menu. For under $30, I had a great salad with blue cheese, cranberries, candied walnuts and romaine. Great light house dressing finished it off well. For entree, Osso Bucco which was sever over Parmesan risotto. The pork was falling off the bone and was really braised perfectly! A great main!  The risotto was creamy yet still had a nice firm rice texture. This dish would be $30 on it's own at most north shore restaurants. Other entrees at the table were linguine with chicken and a baked chicken with veggies and potato.For dessert, we shared desserts, apple crisp, oreo chocolate cake and Juniors cheesecake with raspberry sauce, all wonderful.If your looking for a good meal at a good value in a nice setting, check out Mim's. By the way, who is Mim?
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,5/23/2012,52,302,,12,4>I guess nobody has been to a place that just opened.  The service was quite good for me here.  There was one hiccup where they forgot about the soup that came with one of our meals, but that is not a big deal.  I did go there for an off time period so I can imagine things may be worse when it is busy.Keep in mind this is the only true korean place I can think of in the area and it is a long time coming.  We are also not in K-town.  So this is rated relative to that, and to the fact that they are new.  That said, the prices here are about 25% above city prices and no lunch specials.  Entrees are $15+ and the BBQ is $20+.  But... It is cheaper than train ticket to city.I got the Yook Gae Jan which was excellent.  It was roasting hot and of sufficient spiciness.  My friend got the Bibimbap which was also good but served in huge bowl.  I enjoy when places give you the box as it is easier to keep  your ingredients separate.Overall the food was very sold and the place was nice.  Sure the help is inexperienced as of now, and yeah there will be some snafus here and there but I think in time this will be a solid addition to an otherwise bland asian dining scene in Stony Brook.  One would think that with the diversity of the student body at SB, we would have better food.  Give it a try, if you are sensitive to service that may not be flawless, you may want to wait a few weeks for them to get it together.  The important thing is it appears the chef knows how to cook!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,5/20/2012,21,110,5,6,3>Large, is an understatement.  Massively huge maybe?  Shockingly gigantic?  Let's compare.  1 Subway footlong, minus the bread, would fil 1/4 of a sub here... if that.  The "Italian Special" I ordered had meat piled on ONE INCH THICK - the entire length of the loaf of real Italian bread.Lettuce and tomato were fresh and cold, red onions, herbs, the works... YUM.  Freshly sliced meat - not pre-sliced, dried-up stuff.I compare to Subway only as a factor of size.  PRICE wise, at $7.50 or so, you're getting far more value for your money than you would there, and you'll feed three people with it.  Seriously.. a whole sub will easily feed a family of four.Friendly staff too - just remember to bring CASH because they don't take cards (but they're cool enough to have an ATM inside, unlike a lot of the cash-only places around).  I'll be back... again and again and again!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,5/19/2012,198,160,2,4,4>First off, I would like to say Thank You to Adam K for gathering up a fantastic Gastrotours group and the first spot we went to was Espana Tapas Bar.We had about 10-11 people that showed up, a few Elite Yelp Members, active members to a few people who just joined Yelp. Carlos and his staff served us the whole entire time. Not ONCE I had to ask for a refill.  We had pitcher of Sangira and my glass was never empty (including my water). Also, they kept changing our dirty plates to new plates...now that is what you call great service!The Delicious food we tried and we tried A LOT. The Salad - It was your typical basic salad, but the manchego cheese and asparagus made it very tasteful. Chicken Soup - The chicken soup was very tasteful and Love how we didn't have to use a spoon to eat it. Felt like I was drinking teaJamon Pan y Tomato (Ham with tomato on bread) - I thought it was okay. I probably won't order this againChorizo Frito (SSsssausage!) - It was good...thought it would taste better to take it home to eat it with rice =] (I am so Asian)Meatballs - The bite size meatballs was good. Callos a la Madrileña (tripe, veal and sausage) - I thought this was okay.  I prefer the tripe to be grilled which taste a lot better. Gambas al Ajillo(Garlic Shrimp) - My overall favorite dish probably because I love garlic. They had slice of garlic in the bowl of shrimp which I ate as well. One person at the table is not a fan of shrimp but she mentioned that the garlic shrimp was delicious.  Almejas en Vino (Clams in white wine) - My 2nd favorite dish. Clams can not go wrong. Very tasteful!Pulpo a la Gallega (Octopus) - First thing you think when eating octopus, is that it would be chewy, but eating octopus at Espana you can say otherwise. I am in shock how tender it was and the others would agree with me. It had a little kick from the paprika sprinkled over the octopus and slice of potatoes. Pimientos del Piquillo Rellenos (Stuff Peppers) - Peopers stuff with cod fish...the cod fish was really good.  I didn't eat much of it because the clams came out the same time as the stuff peppers and I rather eat that. Paella (Saffron rice with clams, calamari, shrimp, red peppers, and mussels) - WOW, this was delicious. Even though I was so stuff, I had to attempt myself to eat it and luckily I did because (I have to say this again) it was SOOOO DELICIOUS! Make this dish Spicy and it will be BOMB. Dessert we had Flan. Very light dessert to end our meal. I had a great time and can't wait for our next adventure.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,5/18/2012,117,113,4,8,6>Finally got to eat here this afternoon, and am glad I had the chance! Split a plate of their potato chips with my mom which were served still bubbling-hot and crispy. The pepper oil gave them some additional heat, but not overpowering.    (Though I wish they'd serve the chips on a wire rack or something so they're not soggy at the bottom, wah!) I had the Pepper Chicken (lots of small pieces of white chicken, and pepper husks and seeds seperated all throughout the dish) while she went for the Kung Pao Chicken (a big serving with lots of spices and peanuts) which was (in my opinion) better than the pepper chicken since it had a sauce. Some things to consider:-- this is authentic Flushing-style Chinese (there are dishes only listed in Chinese, but ASK and they will patiently explain them to you as best they can)-- there are no knives (though you wouldn't need them anyway) and chopsticks are the normal utensil (aka, ask for forks if you need to)-- service is friendly and courteous, but some are still working on their English skills a little. Please be patient and understanding! (as in, don't ask about some of the spices used, the waiter only knows the Chinese language names for them.. Or better yet, get the Chinese name and look it up yourself, lazy!)-- the beverage selection is rather limited (coke cans only for soda, no water glasses without asking for them) although the tea is really good (also, no sugar - but it's really not needed. Trust me, you can probably do without dumping sugar in something for once in your life)-- dishes are cooked one at a time, and while they come out FAST (like 3-4 minutes fast) and steaming hot, they also come out one at a time. Order with sharing in mind (you'll end up eating off each others plates anyway!)I'm waiting for the inevitable a$$hole that eats here without taking the above into consideration and the 1-star rating they'll give because they're too used to being pandered to. Go eat your mall-foodcourt-Chinese, I'll be coming back here over and over. (During the course of our meal, a woman came in and raved to them about how she recommends Yao's to all her friends - I now completely understand)** 5/16/12 update ** I've since had their beef poached in hot pepper oil and their cumin fried lamb. Both SOO good!  The sliced beef was served in a big hot pot filled with cabbage and onions (?) with a spicy hot peppered broth. Needed the rice to help cool each bite. The fried lamb was GREAT - I will have to fight to keep from ordering this every time.  Communication is vastly improved although I still wish they'd offer filtered ice water without customers asking.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,5/17/2012,285,275,7,7,5>Every true foodie knows that some of the best food is found in a random, hole-in-the wall establishment.  Christine's Chinese Cuisine is  just that.  It's quite the find especially for this area, which is overrun by chain restaurants.  After a day of being hungover and then an evening of what I like to call "married people's Saturday night" (which consists of running errands like going to Target, Home Depot, and Bed Bath and Beyond...if there's time....), the Hubs and I were famished.  We were too tired to find a place to sit down at and not motivated enough to throw something together at home.  We then decided that takeout from a place with paper napkins was in order.  We found this place after doing a quick search on Yelp (obviously).  Conclusion?  This is my new favorite Chinese takeout joint.  I had the baby shrimp with hot peanuts.  Delicious.  Very spicy, but a good kind of spicy.  We shared some vegetable lo mein, which was not greasy at all, perfectly cooked, and had the right ratio of vegetables to noodles.  We also feasted on the steamed veggie dumplings, which appeared to be handmade and were stuffed with veggie deliciousness.Christine, you deserve 5-stars.  I can't wait for my next visit.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,5/16/2012,161,498,6,11,9>Kabul was the decided location of our 2nd Unofficial Long Island Yelp Event & Gastro Tour! Satisfying 10-15 Yelpers all with critical palates is not the easiests of tasks, but the owner was a pleasure to work with and helped us to create a fantastic menu that allowed us to try a variety of the most traditional Afghan dishes.Among my favorites were the:1) Aushak: These were thin pasta filled with leeks & spring onions in a garlic-yogurt ground meat sauce. This was an appetizer, but I would totally order this as an entree & have them all to myself!2) Kadu: Chunks of pumpkin with a similar ground meat sauce as the Aushak. I LOVE pumpkin and rarely see it done so well in savory applications!3) Chalaw Dahl: This was a dish of pureed yellow lentils that I found myself slathering on pita bread, as a condiment for the grilled meats, and mixing it into rice. YUM!4) Quabili Palaw: Chunks of lamb baked under traditionally seasoned browned rice covered with carrots and raisins. This is a must-order! SO good!5) Firnee: This almond & cardamom cream pudding was perfectly sweet and cooling after a meal heavy in spices. If I didn't have to behave myself amongst new friends, I may have licked the bowl clean.The decor is home-y and would be great for any occasion, prices are fair, portions are large, and let me mention again that the service was super friendly and accommodating. Needless to say, I'll be back!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,5/15/2012,1385,482,13,15,16>Tate's Bake Shop has its fingerprints all over Eastern Long Island, and is probably the bakery jewel of the Hamptons.  The Barefoot Contessa's stamp of approval is well deserved - it's hard to find a mediocre product here, just an array of baked goods prepared and baked carefully.  The crispy thin cookies are delightful, same as the Apple Crumb Pie and the chocolate bread pudding.  Even goodies that fell a tad short did not miss by much (the pecan pie was a tad too sweet).  Solid spot overall, plus the service has improved considerably from my first few visits.  I used to get that certain level of snobby service that often come from folks from this very exclusive zip code, but they've been much better as of late.  I'm sure to find my way back here.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,5/14/2012,113,382,4,6,4>one cold rainy night we needed a nice hot meal, I could not find parking(one reason I try never to come to Huntington) but we had to visit someone in the hospital, so anywaysI finally parked with the intention of heading into Mundays BUT was drawn to Ariana. as they have a little TV in the window with a review blaring. This is like stepping into a different world. We were warmly greeted. The nice lady fully explained to my mom every thing here is fresh and good with no sugar. on the waitress recommendation we had pot of Afghani Tea brought to us with sugared almondsthey also bring complementary pita served with hummus, baba ganouish and some sort of cabbage all tasty. I had pumpkin ravioli and my mom had lamp chops. The little chops served with generous portion of rice and vegetables. When leaving we were saying this place is almost too good to be true. Attentive waitress who speaks in a sweet blissful voice how beautiful and good & healthy the food is. So to be sure we came back again....and yes same waitress who did remember us. same delish food. and same happy blissful feeling we had the first time. So we will be backnext time I am going to try a dessert.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,5/13/2012,311,252,2,6,4>How have I not reviewed this place? Been here numerous times for cocktails and for food.Take advantage of the Dr. Loosen Riesling.. Amazingggggggg. $30 for a bottle, granted if you have a good relationship with your local wine/liquor store they can personally order it for you much less. They run specials such as 1/2 price bottles either Tuesdays or Wednesdays.Decor: Dark, intimate and woody.  Good date place.Their margherita pizza is out of this world ($12-14)..thin crusted.Never had to wait long to be seated, today got right in at 5:45. My girl friend and I split the meat appetizer (chachetuire- Sopressata and Proscuitto) $12 for 2 meats?Entree: I had a small plates clams with chorizo and tomato and other ingredients very very very yummy, good flavor and the chorizo wasn't spicy ($14). My friend had the parpadelle dish.Dan is my go-to bartender and is a great person as well, been a customer of his since he bartended at Effin Gruven in Bellmore.I love that I don't feel rushed there but the only negative and it has happened to me more than once is that my dish or a snack I was still eating was removed without asking. Hands off biatch. Sometimes the music style that was playing was a tad obnoxious for the overall ambiance.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,5/12/2012,89,446,2,7,5>I've finally had a chance to try their brick oven pizza and it's absolutely fantastic! One of if not the best pizza's I've had ever.. Some great things to look out for. 1. Well done with out being charred? Check! 2. Fresh mozzarella that's not watery or soggy? Check3. Phenomenal sauce that's also not watery making the pizza soggy? Check!4. Sliced piping hot at your table garnished with some freshly cut basil? Check! Fantastic pizza full of flavor and good crunch, I recommend the one I had with fresh soppresata and roasted garlic. Amazing.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,5/11/2012,116,147,4,9,5>I used to go to the arboretum ALL the time as a kid and was always totally bored to death. Once I even threw a tantrum (I wasn't really a big tantrum thrower) about it. But now that I'm a grown up, I finally get it! It's really pretty.My mom and I came for Mother's Day tea and it was seriously lovely. We're big special-occasion-tea-fans, so naturally we compared everything about this tea to others that we've had. Food-wise, it was one of the best I've ever had. The sandwiches were to die for! Tea-wise, I don't know, maybe I just picked bad ones or was having an off day, but I didn't love the two I tried. Atmosphere-wise, it was lovely, formal, but still comfortable. Service-wise, it was fabulous, everyone was very attentive. Price-wise, it was pretty fair, definitely right on target with others. Overall, pretty good, I'd say.The arboretum itself is also lovely. What's to complain about? Fields of pretty flowers and trees, a lake (or some body of water, who knows?), and, the best part, the little second hand shop full of thrifty treasures. It's not like this place is an amusement park or anything, but what a lovely place to spend an afternoon.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,5/10/2012,21,81,2,11,2>I normally have a rule about not trying a restaurant within the first month or so after it opens.  I'd rather they work out their kinks on somebody else's dime.  But last night I could no longer resist temptation and found myself sitting in the magnificent dining room of Insignia.Let's start with the decor.  Anyone who lives in the area watched the place being built and knew it was going to be gorgeous...and it is.  Perhaps one of the most beautiful restuarants on L.I. right now.  The glass walled wine cellar sits above the dining area and you can see the sommelier climb the stairs and look for your bottle.  Speaking of wine, the list arrives on an iPad and you can tap and swipe your way through it while learning more about grape varietals.  The bar area is large and comfortable and I can't wait to try the outdoor seating area in nicer weather with its fireplace.Most importantly...the food.  It was every bit as good as I could've hoped.  The sushi rolls are top notch, but a bit on the pricey side. (Maybe even A LOT on the pricey side)  Last night featured a stone crab claw appetizer and the portion was more than generous for two to share, well cracked and flavorful.  And for the price, maybe two should've shared it.  (Yes, there's a recurring them to the price of some of the appetizers.)Preparing cold seafood is certainly not the most difficult thing in the world so the rest of the meal really tells the story for me.Bone-in Ribeye:  One of the best I've had in a long time.  Perfect sear and crust on the exterior while still beautifully red in the center. (ordered medium rare)  The meat was well marbled and had that perfect texture combining meat and fat.  It had that wonderful buttery flavor that I crave in a good steak.Creamed spinach:  Again, one of the best I've had in a long time.  Very creamy but the spinach flavor came through.Hash browns:  Excellent but not better than most other high end steak houses.  This is not to take anything away from them because they were great...just not better than elsewhere.Apple Galette:  I've had better desserts.  We all know that pastry chefs make the desserts early in the day. (and certainly hope it wasn't the day before!)  Some restaurants do a good job of presenting it like it was fresh out of the oven.  Not so last night.  The galette definitely tasted like it was made in the morning, at best, and the cinnamon ice cream had WAY too much cinnamon in it.  It amost bordered on a mistake, like the lid fell off the container when making it and the chef figured they'd see how it turned out.  I happen to love cinnamon so I didn't find it overly offensive as others would.  The pastry part of the dessert should have been warmed first, then add the ice cream, then serve.  It would've tasted fresher that way.Service:  Some mis-steps but not many.  All of our team servers certainly tried hard but they just need more time to iron out all the wrinkles...like forgeting to put bread on our table.  They still were very attentive, always poured our wine and were happy to get us anything we needed at any time.I believe that over time, Insignia has the potential to earn 5 stars in my opinion.  Yes, it's expensive but so are all steak houses at this level.  Watch the wine list because you have to know your wine...some have an outrageous markup but there are some good values on there.  I would skip the sushi rolls too because $38 for 1 roll borders on criminal. Can't wait to go back and try something other than steak.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,5/9/2012,169,309,2,9,5>2012 Update: I'm pleased to share that Tula Kitchen has stayed true to its roots and has been rather consistent since it has opened its doors back in '07-08. The menu hasn't been altered much (which is both good/bad, I would have loved to see more creative dishes) and the food is constantly delicious. Every time I'm here I'm mulling for at least 10 minutes over the menu choices. Do I want to go full on vegetarian tonight? Salmon? Chicken Shish-kabobs? Pasta?... its clearly an overwhelming experience even when you're a seasoned foodie. The honey baked brie w/garlic toast is heaven for creamy fromage lovers. When made properly (ie: honey evenly distributed over everything) the warm brie spread over crunchy slices of oil drizzled toast is an intoxicating experience for my taste buds. Surely, it's not the most original nor creative dish that Tula offers, however it's an appetizer worth getting again and again!   The pasta bowls can feed a small family... unfortunately there IS a charge for sharing so do yourself a favor and take some home for lunch the following day. In addition to that, the bean burger is always a favorite choice of mine and is made with lentils instead of black beans. It holds together pretty well for a vegi-burger. The sweet potato fries that accompany it were flavorful albeit mushy and undercooked the last time I got it. The best vegi-friendly dish on the menu (in my stomach's lofty opinion at least) is the sesame crusted tofu with sauteed broccoli rabe & coconut basmati, It really is a dish so good that even the meat eaters will enjoy it. The thai-inspired peanut sauce makes this dish quite savory.Oddly enough, the dessert menu is disappointing with an exception for the dream bar. When served warm accompanied by a dollop of vanilla ice cream it finishes a meal off the right way (delicious sugar, sugar, fat and sugar!).
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,5/8/2012,237,506,3,7,4>Best bacon, egg & cheese sandwich I've ever had.  The bacon is QUALITY...and I love me some bacon.  The home fries are on point.  Oh and did I mention that they serve breakfast ALL DAY?? That's right.  All. Day.They carry REAL Italian ices from Lemon Ice King of Corona and it totally hits the spot on a hot summers day.  Friendly staff, always a pleasure to deal with even before I've had my coffee in the morning.  It's just what this neighborhood needed, in walking distance to everyone within the Newton section of Lynbrook--since there isn't much around here in a grossly residential area.  Conveniently located on Sunrise Highway with plenty of parking.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,5/7/2012,94,84,4,6,4>I'm sorry but if you give this BBQ joint less than four stars you should be banned from yelp... I won't get into the nitty gritty details... but their sauces are fantastic, their sides are delicious (Mac N Cheese is ridiculous), and their beef ribs are unrivaled... they literally serve the beef ribs by the 1/2 ton. I have two very small complaints... they need to serve beer on tap, and they need to work on their sweet potato fries... I like them crunchy and with the skin peeled off. I reserve my 5 star BBQ/RIB rating for Phil's BBQ in San Diego.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,5/6/2012,5000,690,3,9,5>This is one of the older places in the Village of Southampton and has a nice relaxed vibe. This is where you go if you want prime rib, rack of lamb with mint jelly, baked potato, baked clams..french onion soup, clam chowder, herring, crab legs.. surf and turf.. they will have something you'll really like unless you are vegetarian.. then you may suffer in here..Also find traditional german entree's like sauerbraten, bratwurst, bavarian mixed plate,  along with full bar and tap beer.It's a small to mid sized place with a waitress that reminds you of an aunt you don't visit too often. But this place always comes out ahead of The Driver's seat a larger local place also there forever it seems.: ) I like this place alot.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,5/5/2012,32,306,4,3,3>I know many people, including myself, try to shy away from bars in strip malls. I find them usually small, townsy and full of old divorcees. I couldn't be more wrong about this place. Brick walls, cool lights and full of 20 year olds. They gave out paper menus (should at least be laminated) to show their enlarged selection of beers on tap and basically half of them were pumpkin ales. Sugar on the top rim made all three different pumpkin spices I had tasted great.  i didnt see a beer less than $6, but these beers are rare and you can taste anyone you like to find that perfect brew. It was a speak easy night (1920's atmosphere) and was done wonderfully. People had fedoras and arm bands on, live jazz music and also an unexpected show where a person got hit in the head with a bottle. Someone who puts that much effort in a themed night and into the ambiance of their bar, deserves a five star. My experience reminded me of the movie 'midnight in Paris' where you can easily forget what the present time is. As I understand they have many bands playing so you can check out the schedule on facebook.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2011,5/4/2012,45,74,2,6,3>After touring "Teddy's Home" and walking the grounds, Jac and I were ready for some food and decided to head on down into the village of Oyster Bay. When we made it to the downtown area of Oyster Bay, I must say I was a bit disappointed. Food and drink options seemed limited to about three restaurants, Canterbury's Ales Oyster Bar, Taddy's Burgers (which is more like a diner), and Wild Honey (which is a bit up scale for what we wanted). We decided to check out Canterbury's.The restaurant and bar had a surprisingly nice decor and continued with the Theodore Roosevelt theme complete with yet another a bison head. Alongside the taxidermied beast, pictures of Roosevelt, 1920's swimming scenes, fishing rods, and old signs covered the walls giving it a themed touristy, kitchy feel. We sat at a high table in the bar and scanned the menu.At first glance, I could see it was a bit pricey. $18 bucks for a bucket of local steamers is a bit steep in my book, especially when you get the same in Maryland for about half the price. But the breadth of their seafood offerings were impressive, including several twists on Oyster Rockefeller, their "famous" Steamers, and a Grand Seafood Tower for $65 bucks. If you weren't worried about shelling out the cash (no pun intended...well okay a little bit), you could certainly stuff your face with some serious sea creatures. However, if you're a local you can definitely take advantage of their happy hour: 50 cent oysters and half priced drinks!Behind the bar, a fridge houses an impressive 99 bottle beer selection. They have also have about 5 taps with local and imported drafts. I went with one of my favs, the Ithaca Flower Power IPA, a floral hoppy homage to all things good and happy. Although the seafood did look decent, we weren't game enough to pull the trigger and decided to just go with the Spinach Dip, which ended up being mediocre (oh suprise...nothing can compare after Houston's Spinach Dip), and move on with our adventures.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,5/3/2012,180,465,6,9,5>This weekend some friends and I gathered into a Durango and headed South to Oceanside, Long Island. We were not there for bagels and guido watching, we were there to visit Barrier Brewing, a craft beer proprietor and maker, located on the nation's most populated island.The previous weekend, I had been to Burlington, Vermont's own Magic Hat brewery; which is larger and who's shipping arm, having been purchased recently by North American Breweries, extends way beyond that of Barrier's, for now. Although Barrier's brew-house lacks the "bells and whistles" of a gift shop, gothic decor, and step-up bar, it competes with the larger brewers in taste, and isn't that what it's all about?When we pulled into 3595 Lawson Blvd, we had some trouble finding it. Save for the sign on the door, there was nothing that indicated we were in the right place. The area was quite industrial and adjacent to some murky water, prompting one individual in our party to quip, "this is where they bury the bodies." But once you step in and are greeted by countless large kegs and the intoxicating aroma of hops, there is no question that you have arrived.Those looking for a grand tour of the factory may be disappointed, but they need to relax a little. Technically, if you take a lap around the white room, who's size rivals that of my studio apartment, decorated with a Phish poster (woo!), a Barrier Brewing banner, your nostrils being permeated by the sweet aroma of beer making and your ears being hit with some classic rock emitted from a Macbook, you took the tour. You saw kegs, barley, a microwave with a package of instant oatmeal in front of it, what else do you want? Samples?! Well you're in luck, Chuck, they got samples.Craig, co-owner and Brooklyn resident, native of Chicago, was as personable as anyone could ask for. Something you would never get touring Magic Hat and the like. It felt like being in the craft shop of a small town, except if you open what you buy while in the car, you go to jail. Something that never happens with glitter and safety pins. Craig explained all of the 8 or 9 beers we sampled in Jelly glasses. Despite its relevance, I shared a story of a kid I had read about recently who made $1 million jarring jellies in his mom's basement, and no one seemed as impressed as I was.The beers ranged from pilsners, to lagers, Belgian ales and IPAs. They all had a distinguished flavor and from the moment it landed upon your palate you were whisked away to the perfect future moment in time you could see it accompanying. One beer in particular, Scotch Ale, had a smoky taste."Man, this would be perfect for a polish barbecue; with some sausage or kielbasa," said Chris, mastermind behind our excursion and driver of the Durango that brought us there."This is a beer I love having by a fire in the winter," said Craig."Chris, we should totally build a fire in your garage," said Tom."Yeah! Can you do that?""I don't know, I recently read about a woman in Brentwood who almost killed her family lighting a BBQ in the living room," I responded. "Maybe we shouldn't." Clearly, the beer was igniting our imagination, but it had not yet worked its complete magic, where we'd actually follow through on terrible ideas.We all took home growlers, purchased at the brewery, which does not yet sell bottled beer; however, if you have your own growlers, you can bring them and they will fill them at no additional cost (except for the beer, obviously).While you're there, you definitely sense the enthusiasm that the owners bring to their beer. As of now, it is a two man operation, that actually delivers the beer themselves, to various locations in a pick-up truck. The beers change weekly at the brewery and are available at some bars on Long Island, Brooklyn and Manhattan, but I would definitely recommend checking it out if you're on the island. You can walk to it from the Oceanside LIRR station. Technically, you can walk from it from anywhere if you have the gusto, ever see Forrest Gump? But I wouldn't recommend it.Barrier Brewing is located at 3595 Lawson Blvd, Unit E, Oceanside, NY 11572.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,5/2/2012,40,69,,6,4>This place is as good as it gets. They have great cuts of meat, their pinwheels are amazing, sausage rings are fantastic and their cold cuts are better than Boar's Head. They also make fresh ravioli which is so tasty, and I even come here for pizza dough every so often. You really can't go wrong with A&S. The guys who work here are super friendly and are genuinely interested in getting to know their clientele. Nothing tops A&S, I'm a regular for life.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,5/1/2012,84,100,5,5,4>Perfectly perfect little shack on a small lot. Is the food generally healthy? Heck, no. So leave your calorie-counting at home and stop in for some of the best Mexican comfort food on Long Island. My husband's family has been stopping in here from time to time since my husband was ten and I hear it hasn't failed to disappoint once.Try anything here. You used to have to wait 20 minutes to get a chicken but their system has improved and you can get it at the same time as the rest of your food. Definitely do get the chips and salsa to snack on while you wait.If you arrive when they've just opened, you may need to speak a little Spanish to get your order across because the chef doesn't speak much English. The host speaks English quite well so show up a little later in the day if you're nervous about trying out your pronunciation.Great selection of Mexican sodas. Win!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2012,4/30/2012,280,325,5,10,4>A beautiful and charming locale, the Thai Table is a sweet little restaurant that offers good food and an elegant ambiance. Ambiance: A+Every time I walked in during my previous visits they have a gorgeous display in the front that reflects the season. They had a sweet little autumn/Thanks giving display and an adorable Christmas display. In the Christmas display there was a miniature feast with tiny toy food. Miniature things are always awesome (except for chihuahuas, they creep me out).  The holiday displays were both so cute and  absolutely precious. I really regret not taking pictures of them.One side of the restaurant were painted in great saturated colors of dark red, green, and bright yellow, the other is side is exposed brick. The walls were adorned in various trinkets reminiscent of Thailand. The lights are dimmed, the conversations are hushed, and the mood is romantic. It's a very pleasant environment to dine in.Service: AFriendly and hospitable; we are always seated quickly, our orders are always taken in a timely manner, and we always receive our meals promptly. The consistent and  good service is always well appreciated.Food: B+The food is what keeps me from giving this place a 4 or 5 stars. I would have given it a 3.5 but unfortunately I can't. One problem I have with the food is the price.  It's way to pricey for the quality and the portion of the food.Prices may be slightly higher since I'm going by the takeout menu they gave me. They seemed to have increased their prices for certain meals. -Pretty Packages $6.00(Steamed dumpling with shrimp and chicken, black vinegar dipping sauce)There was a mere 4  tasty but teeny pretty packages. They was quite tasty and the dipping sauce is really great. The dumplings are not bad but I could get bigger, better, and more dumplings in Chinatown for $1. This dish is overpriced in relation to its small quantity and OK quality.- Bags of Gold  $6.00(Crispy golden wonton skin stuffed with marinated ground chicken)These yummy crispy morsels were delicious and not greasy. Good.-Volcano Chicken $13(Golden brown chicken, sweet red chili sauce)My bf's favorite meal. The chicken was crisp and flavorful. The sauce wasn't too sweet or spicy. Good.-Pad Pirohd w/ chicken $9(Chili paste, bamboo shoot, onion, scallion)Mediocre. Forgettable. The flavor was boring and there was no oomph in the dish. There were definitely more veggies than chicken. It became a treasure hunt; find the chicken amidst the stack of bamboo shoots and onion!-Crispy Duck Special ($14ish)YUM. They did my bf and I proud with this duck. All I can remember was that I preferred this dish (which my by ordered) to my own. It was really delicious but there was less duck and a lot of everything else.-Scallops and Shrimp w/ Massamun Curry Special ($15ish)This was very cinnamony. They had a very heavy hand with the cinnamon but luckily for me I like cinnamon. However, massamun curry shouldn't have an overwhelming taste of cinnamon, but despite that the overall flavor was good for me. The presentation was very crude with big chunks of broccoli along with cafeteria carrot slices. Once again there were significantly more veggies than meat.Work on your veggies to meat ratio people!!!Overall, great atmosphere and service, the quality of the food could be much better. If it lived up to it's slightly elevated prices it would get a higher rating from me.P.S.The take out menu contain 15% off coupon for dine in only and 10% off coupon for take out. Don't forget to bring it on your next visit!!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,4/29/2012,20,100,3,5,4>I'm just gonna copy my review from the Bay Shore location:Nice atmosphere, trendy and great sushi.  Ate here a few times and haven't been disappointed.  Kani salad is the best I've had here.  The fish here is fresh and love the decor. The american dream roll, valentine, and bay shore are great.  Their sashimi is excellent as well.  The only difference is this location is much more open and not as crowded and cramped as Bay Shore.For dessert PLEASE stray away from ordering their version of "TIramisu."  It came out and my gf and I simultaneously exclaimed "WTF!"  No cake, ladyfingers, espresso, just some other odd chocolate concoction.  Better off with tempura ice cream.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,4/28/2012,238,372,2,6,3>eat PIADA is a new welcomed addition to the Incorporated Village of Port Jefferson, NY as the village has been plagued by garbage restaurants for several years (except for Tiger Lily, 5th Season and the Wave). It's an Italian themed cafe focused on Italian wraps, salads, soda pop, sweets and coffee. It opened just 3 days ago on Friday May 27th and I had to order take out from it to inform YOU the public! It's in the spot of the now defunct "Long Island's Best Desserts" at the blinking traffic light, at the entrance to Chandler Square. Here's how it went down:Non-Food Stuff:+ The cafe is very warm, welcoming, bright and airy! There was a few folks playing a guitar at a table and it was definitely inviting.+ The woman behind the counter was extremely friendly and knew her stuff. She immediately told me she's tried EVERY Piada they have there and I had asked her for recommendations. This automatically gets a thumbs up from me for the sole fact that she's tried everything...I cannot stand wait staff who tell you "oh I've never tried it before..". I was torn between the Eggplant Parmesan Piada and the Portobello Mushroom one.++ So while I was torn between the 2, I told the woman to pick for me and that I wanted to be surprised when I got home. And surprised I was, she gave me a 1/2 of each!! NICE SURPRISE!+ Prices are quite reasonable...$8 is not too bad.Food stuff:+ Portobello PIADA. It was extremely meaty, the portobello mushrooms were succulent, the balsamic was good and the wrap it was served in (seemed to be whole wheat, the way I like it) wasn't moist and soggy as they can become. It had a little beat of cheese in it and roasted peppers...it was good!+ Eggplant Parmesan PIADA. YUM. This was really good...it wasn't overly saucey, the eggplant parm wasn't overly "fried/greasy" and the eggplant was meaty and succulent. This to me was the winner of the 2.+ Belgian Chocolate Covered Rice Krispie Treat. It looked really interesting in the cabinet and so I had to order it. It was good, crunchy and fantastic. Firm warning though, it's summer so the chocolate was a bit soft by the time I got home :)- The only negative "thing" about Eat Piada is that the piadas themselves are a bit small?Overall, I'm actually pleasantly surprised that a place like this has opened up and in fact, I can now actually say that there's another good place in Port Jeff Village aside from Tiger Lily and Wave. I'm still yet to try the tea place and the new froyo place opening up but for now, nice work eat PIADA! Apparently the folks who own eat PIADA also own Mosaic in the St. James/Smithtown area. Give it a shot folks!THIS has been a review by Gaurav
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,4/27/2012,93,239,3,3,3>This place is a main stay on long island and if you ever pass thru you have to give it a shot just for there brews.The food is good but typical bar food but you always can remember a place when there burger is a cut above the rest.I am a summer person but find myself yearning for the fall just so there pumpkin spice ale comes back in season. Honestly this is what makes cool fall nights complete with the perfect blend of cinnamon sugar to top the glass.My last visit here was about 2 weeks ago and the staff is very friendly quick and looking to do anything to make sure you have a great time.So grab a beer say goodbye to your diet and wrap your lips around one of the signature burgers but don't forget the steak fries.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,4/26/2012,39,168,,5,5>Oh man, what an addition to the Lake Grove take out scene.  Don't come here if you are expecting to get a sit down dinner with a waiter and fancy plates.  This is more like the trendy looking Asian take out joints that you can find when you go into Brooklyn or Queens.  (KyoChon comes to mind).  I was a little worried when I read the previous review but I was completely obsessed with having a steamy bowl of noodle soup with pieces of bok choy and sliced char siu.  Of course I ordered the soup as well as an egg roll and the fried rice.  I'll agree with the previous reviewer that the fried rice was not the best and it was made with Japanese rice as opposed to Chinese rice but I happen to prefer fried rice made with Japanese rice but that's only because I know that Japanese rice is superior.  The egg roll was pretty good, not oily at all.  The soup... Oh my god the soup!  It was so good.  The char siu was perfect and flavorful and amazing.  The broth was delicate and light.  The mei fun was slurpy and delicious.  Ignore the fact that your eating out of a plastic take out container and just enjoy.  This place rocks and I can't wait to come back!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,4/25/2012,35,246,5,7,3>This is a place worth visiting over and over and over again. I have had fabulous times here in the past couple of weeks, all during happy hour. Happy hour: M-F 3-6p, and again from 9-12. What other place on LI will you find that has a happy hour on a Friday night from 9-12? Probably nowhere. There are some appetizers that are half price during HH, and there's also the a-maaaaazing $5 gigantic hamburger. Recommended drinks: Q-Cumber martiniI've met the friendly owner, friendly manager Michelle, and have befriended most all of the bartenders (which btw, are all HOT). See you there!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,4/24/2012,152,369,4,4,3>Besame, Besito! (yes, I realize that this translates to "Kiss me, [Little] Kiss!" which is ridiculous). From the moment my party of three walked into Besito to the time we left, we were all pretty dang impressed with the place. For one, the atmosphere was perfect for a Friday evening meal -- lively without ever being so loud as to induce screaming across the table. Now, onto the main event, the meal itself. First stop - the adult beverages. For the first round (yes, there were obviously multiple) we ordered two of the "Besito Patron" margaritas and a traditional mojito. The margaritas were the star players here, though they were a bit tart for our tastes. The mojito, I've got to admit, was a bit of a disappointment but to be fair, I also hold my mojitos to impossibly high standards. For the next round, my party members ordered the "Partida Natural" margarita with agave nectar for added sweetness and we had a winner. Sadly, I could not partake as I was playing DD that night but my one sip was damn tasty and had my mouth watering for more. Second stop? The food. Oh, the food. We started with the guacamole which, much to my surprise and delight, is made fresh to order... much to my chagrin though, the "spicy" guacamole barely had any heat at all. It was tasty, just without a kick. Our entrees were met with mixed reviews and I think the lesson we learned about Besito was skip the tacos -- they come out fajita style but without all the fun stuff -- and head straight into the enchiladas y budins section of the menu. My meal - theBudin de Marisco, a tortilla pie with shrimp and crab meat - was PHENOMENAL. Like, I would eat it every day and wish I had one sitting in front of me right now. If you like seafood and you like some kick, GET THIS. So good. The other menu item at the table that evening was the enchiladas suizas which I've been told were also amazingly good. Clearly, one of Besito's strengths is its mastery of sauces. If you're in Huntington Village - or Roslyn or West Hartford, CT, apparently - definitely make a reservation and head over to Besito for dinner and a few drinks. You won't regret it.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,4/23/2012,96,146,4,6,8>I have seen some of the best movies of my life in this theater.   I learned how to "flow" with subtitles (Volver), allowed myself not to stifle loud sobs (The Savages), and saw my first movie ALONE (Waitress.)This theater is small and cozy, with great movie choices.  I am lucky enough to live really close, but I use this theater to treat myself.  When I don't want to deal with a mundane flick and actually see something that will make me think or feel, I come here.  If you like overcrowded theaters,or people talking on cell phone during the movie, then you may not like this place. The best thing is it is so much cheaper than other theaters.  Go figure!  This place has a special place in my heart and can't wait to go back!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,4/22/2012,24,194,7,3,5>I will start by saying that ever since I saw the Juicy Lucy episode of Man vs Food it's been my freakin dream to have one. And omg they have one RIGHT HERE at the Dark Horse. A big juicy patty with a huge melty chunk of American smack in the middle? You better believe I destroyed that thing. And it was just as good as I thought it would be. I would come back every weekend for that burger. We all know I have a serious cheeseburger problem and living around the corner from this place can only mean one thing: time to start yelping RVC gyms...PS--tator tots taste just as good as they did when I was 7.
